<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,7/25/2013,33,128,8,11,7>Holy toledo, what service!!I called Can't Stop Moving asking for a job on Mother's Day after talking to several other moving companies which wouldn't work weekends or simply weren't available. CSM took me on with pleasure!After getting a feel for the quantity of things to move and things like elevators or flights of stairs, I was quoted at an estimated 2-2.5 hours for my in-city move, using 3 guys and 1 truck at $130/hour (or 10% cash discount to be $117/hour). This was total, included drive time and the whole shebang.Day of, I was called saying my assigned crew finished their previous job early and if it was convenient for me, they could show up to my place a half hour ahead of schedule. I said that sounded great and away we went! The 3 guys were friendly, fast, and *ahem* hot ;-) They took extra care to wrap large wooden furniture with plastic wrap they supplied so edges didn't get banged up, asked if there were any items I wanted left behind (cleaning supplies?) and had the truck loaded in well under an hour.We drove to my new place and I was even asked which room I wanted each item placed in so I wouldn't have to rearrange after they left!! The whole process was done in just over 2 hours, I was billed for 2, and happily tipped over that.Next time I move, there is not a fleck of doubt in my mind that I will use CSM again.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/24/2013,259,172,7,10,10>Ladies check this place out!  So a close friend of mine from childhood just recently came up here from Los Angeles, and she wanted  to spend a little cash.  Well, I don't really come up to the Fremont area, but I made it necessary so that I can spend some time with her.  Being from Los Angeles we get a lot of small boutique locations. Well while strolling around the area, the friend of mine said to me on VARIOUS occassions that she wanted to check this place out.  We were greated by the beautiful Allison (a worker there) and I was completely shocked by the amount of customer service that she applied to my dear friend.  My friend kicked off her shoes and tried on about (what seemed to me) 50 different dresses (most likely i'm being overdramatic).  But, seriously though we spent four hours looking at different dresses and styles recommended by Allison.  She gave all the attention that she could possibly give to my my dear friend.  I've never experienced so much care at a clothing boutique ever in my life.  Not to say that I go to many, but for the few that I've experienced this shot through the scale.  Thank you for the customer service, and I'm positive that I will be bringing more of my female friends to this place!  I love it, I just wished there was a guys version :(.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,7/23/2013,125,144,12,10,9>The boyfriend reluctantly tried this place to appease me because I've been curious to find out what the yelp community has been raving about this place...  After all, what can a place called "Happy Teriyaki" offer?  CLASSIC case of: "Don't judge a book by it's TITLE."If you're looking for a $20 per person all-you-can eat, no-dieters-allowed type of sushi in the Tacoma-area, this is your niche.  The portions are huge and filling as the sushi here is heavily loaded with goodness.  You will leave without room to even think about dessert.  Cause of the portions, we really probably should have followed the waiter's suggestion of ordering ala carte but...  we really thought we could do it :)The place is surprisingly "feel-good" and "fun" for a supposed teriyaki joint.  There's rolls with playful names on the menu.  We chuckled over and enjoyed the "Taste Like My Ex-Wife" and "Sex On The Beach" roll.   The owner/waiter also brought his suggested sushi rolls to try that had some jalapenos in it -- spot on.  We also brought us a small mochi ice cream dessert which was perfect cause we were so full.  Also, it's additionally  "feel-good" because the owner encourages giving back to the community during the holiday season through a coat drive.There's parking available in the back so you don't have to practice your rusty parallel parking skills in the middle of Downtown Tacoma.So in summary:  This isn't your average "teriyaki"joint (and it definitely isn't your momma's teriyaki joint).  Oh and like everyone else mentioned, the owner/waiter is super friendly and professional.  But everyone else forgot to mention that he's nice and CUTE.So in words of Beyonce: "all you singles ladies..."  But in all serious-ness, I don't know if he's single.  Well, I didn't ask.  :)
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,7/22/2013,109,455,9,11,13>Pretty good!  I came here for a work lunch, and first impression was that the decor is slightly ADD but pretty.  I especially like the fountain, but there is a lot to look at.  Our table was intriguing, with its jagged 'natural' edges, but the two sides of the booth are really close together and that means almost no leg room.  My companion accidentally kicked me in the process of sitting down.Service was impeccable.  The hostess greeted us right away and our server was wonderfully upbeat and friendly.  Water glasses were promptly filled, and we had just the right amount of attention - not too much and not too little.I ordered the chicken brie sandwich with butternut soup on the side.  I think my companion had a wrap of some sort, but I was too busy devouring my food to pay much attention.  The sandwich is served warm and was generously filling with good flavor and just a hint of hotness from the Dijon.  The soup, though, served in a mug with crunchy nuts on top, was the real star and it was fantastic.  I'd come back for this alone.We also had some bread as a complimentary appetizer while waiting for our food to arrive.  The bread was tasty but unremarkable, but it comes with a trio of butters that includes pesto butter and a red pepper butter, in addition to the normal plain version.I didn't see the final bill but given the prices on the menu, I am guessing it was about $25 for the both of us (we both had water).  There are some great values on the lunch menu, which is always a nice find when dining at an upscale-feeling place.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,7/21/2013,67,257,5,10,9>What can be said about the MOHAI? All I can say is that if you're a Philomath, then proceed here and spend a couple of hours to learn about the history of Seattle and the Puget Sound. There's plenty to look at, beginning in the late 1800s up to the modern information age that we live in. I was here during the late afternoon on a Saturday, and during my visit, there wasn't a lot of traffic.Perfect conditions to take my time and take it all in. I've been told that the first Thursday of the month is when they're most busy, given that offer free admission that day. Me, I'll prefer to pay the 14 bucks and enjoy myself and not feel rushed or crowded. The World at War is my favorite exhibit, and of course, the late '90s computer technology, where the foundation was laid to lead us to our connected world today. Totally worth it to stop by and take a look!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,7/20/2013,18,143,6,8,6>Beer.Yup thats pretty much it. When you first enter they have a quaint bar area off to the right, with pint and growler fill prices! I was a little overwhelmed by the set-up, but one of the staff came up to us and we immediately started asked questions, Non-Alcoholic beers? They have a few...That cray cray dogfishead stout? Oh yeah babyWhat company makes that beer? You got some cider? YEEE!What about.... You get my point.The staff member helping us was not snooty or rude, which is almost what I expect going into specialty stores. I prepared for the worst and I ended up with my brain yelling, "JUST SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONIES NOW".But seriously, this place is perfect for the new or adventurous beer drinker. I picked some *very* random beers out, plus You can even grab a cart and put your beer into a plastic cozy. You can drink beer when you shop for beer! Pure genius.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,7/19/2013,300,256,5,12,9>Well this is a nice surprise. I expected a hole-in-the-wall but found myself eating inside a barn. A steam cleaned, cavernous barn with polished wood walls, chic servers, and a throng of Los Angeles implants. The bar has a gleaming wall of whiskeys about forty feet high and was filled to capacity. But I'm not knocking a star off just because the joint was crowded. No sir, I'm not. Because the BBQ was unbelievable and the fried chicken is my frontrunner for best meal of 2013. (An admittedly small list but I do believe Kickin' Boot's fried chicken is gonna perch at the top for a good long while.)Two of us split fried chicken and ribs. The small fried chicken order, two pieces, came with a biscuit, buttery  mashed potatoes with gravy, and coleslaw. Comfort food at its' finest. The chicken had the lightest, crispest breading that I've ever experienced. The half-rack of BBQ ribs came with two sides. I opted for the sophisticated potato salad and tasso ham and grit sticks. Potato salad was finely minced with a touch of vinegar, not mustard, in the base. The tasso ham and grit sticks were best when paired with the ribs themselves, a dry but sweet coupling. I got three biscuits to go and skipped dessert, though I seriously considered another order of fried chicken to end dinner.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,7/18/2013,344,187,2,12,6>Stunning delicious food. Attentive, but not annoying, service. Extensive, affordable wine list. Warm and inviting atmosphere. Did I say it was scrumptious? No, I didn't yet, but now I have. SUPERB ALL THE WAY AROUND!We had 2 Bloomspots for a 5-course dinner. Made a 6:45pm dinner reservation and sat near the firepit. Gina, our server, was very well educated on the food, both how it was prepared and how it tasted, the ingredients and where they were sourced from, the cocktails and the wine pariings. Every single course was exquisitely prepared and plated, the perfect temperature and the perfect combination of ingredients. We were very impressed with the generous, but not over the top, portions. We had: 3 oysters, Anderson Ranch Lamb, Seared Barramundi (fish from Australia) served on top of perfectly cooked Beluga Lentils that exploded in our mouths, Sea Scallop and two different deserts. Something chocolate for my boyfriend, and since I have given up all forms of sugar/honey/sweeteners they created a melt-in-my-mouth citrus dessert with persimmons, Cara Cara oranges and dried apricots. This place is not to miss. And 3 bonuses: 1) You can see into the kitchen and watch Chef and his kitchen superpeople create delectable dishes, 2) They use a lot of organic ingredients that are locally grown and produced, including some wines, and 3) The ladies room is lovely and so clean you could eat off the floor. Not that you would want to, but you know what  I mean. We can't wait to go back! One call out to Gina, our server - she is a ROCKSTAR. And to the other server who kept our water glasses full without evey having to ask.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,7/17/2013,1139,93,2,10,11>This is such a beautiful restaurant located on the Ruston Way waterfront.  The atmosphere is classy, and the service is impeccable.  You will be greeted by staff as you walk through the front door.  There are comfy couches and a warm fireplace to relax by if you have to wait for a table.  The seating in this restaurant is nice and has stunning views of the Tacoma waterfront.  The drink selection is excellent, and I highly recommend their "2012" cocktail, which is fruity and very delicious.  The New York steak is tasty and can come with sauteed mushrooms and/or lobster tail (I enjoyed both sides with my steak, which was wonderful)!  The waiter serving us was thoughtful and quick to help us with anything we needed.  He offered suggestions such as putting a little malt vinegar in the clam chowder we ordered, which was actually quite good.  I highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely be going back again soon!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/16/2013,155,152,40,32,28>Like all kids, darling daughter likes to play one parent against another. "Can I get my nose pierced?" she might ask me. "Can I get my belly button pierced?" she might ask her mother, hoping of course that she's going to hit one of us at a momentary point of weakness and have us actually acquiesce to a some ridiculous request. Unfortunately for her, her parents are equally adept. "If your father says it's ok, it's ok with me", my wife might reply--knowing full well that I'm the meanest dad ever. But, when darling daughter came to us and asked if she could get her helix (upper ear cartridge) pierced I was hard pressed to come up with a reason to say no. In fact it seemed like a pretty reasonable compromise amongst the nose and belly button piercing requests. As for where to get the piercing done, darling daughter only had one place in mind, Pierced Hearts Tattoo Parlor. I have to admit that I was a bit skeptical. Since I'm not one of the inked (or for that matter pierced) masses, I was entirely ignorant of Pierced Hearts and even of the fact that Tattoo Parlors often offer piercing services. Thank goodness I have a teenage daughter to educate me, complete with eyes rolling, sighing and "I can't believe how dump my parents are" body language. I am told she will one day outgrow this behavior. I am officially skeptical.Walking into Pierced Hearts I was a bit intimated. Tattoo art on the walks. The continuous buzz of the inking machines behind the counter. A plethora of jewelry and accessories in the front display case--some of which I didn't want to know where they went. We were greeted by Terrie, who as it turns out is considered to be one of the top piercers in the Seattle.  We started with the paperwork, which consisted of a parental consent form and post piercing care and cleaning instructions. Next darling daughter got to picked out a stud and I got to pay. Funny how I always end up paying. Terrie then took us to the piercing room in the back and walked darling daughter through the process.  Everything struck me as being exceptionally professional. The needle Terrie removed from its sterile packaging made the old piercing guns they use at crappy mall stores look like something from a different, even barbaric age. Whereas the guns are designed for mass use with minimum training, the needle Terrie held in her hands was elegant in its simplicity. A tool crafted for use by its master. Nervous but excited, darling daughter held my hand and with a simple and confident motion, Terrie sent the needle through one side of her helix and out the other. It was a continuous motion that didn't even leave darling daughter with a chance to react. The stud was inserted with equal precision and just like that we were done. It won't be that long until darling daughter no longer has to ask her mother or me for permission to do all the things that we won't let her do today.  When that time comes, my only hope is that she uses good judgment within whatever context is appropriate. If that context includes a nose piercing, belly button piercing or some other body part that--oh god--is better left hidden from dad, well then, the good judgment I hope she uses is to go back to Terrie and Pierced Hearts.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,11/8/2011,395,91,15,8,7>It's been a rough week for my hands; I broke the nail off both middle fingers a week apart and had to get a fake tip just for the flippers to perpetuate the Malibu-barbie manicured illusion that my man hands are currently upholding. You may ask how it's possible for only the flag on one's obscenity fingers to chip off but honestly I'm not sure...Maybe it has something to do with all that time I spend flipping people the scarlet macaw, brass knuckle thunking snot-nosed brats, knocking over the elderly, flicking lovebirds in their STEWPID nogs, poking reading noses out from their books ***STOP THAT*** and sleep slapping myself awake all with the digitus medius being the far most utilized of my phalanges.Okay so the sleep slap is the only scenario I recounted that has ever actually happened. Surprised? Wull I know I sure was.  You're right, occasionally I let a flag fly in the car too but you could argue it's for comedic effect- like hypothetically if you were illegally blabbing on the phone in your over-sized hummer and needed help seeing me over the dashboard- I would capture your attention with my blue crowned parakeet and winsome smile!!! I just love Tina I tell ya! The 4 stars are to keep her under wraps. I can't have too many ladies comin' in here blowin' up my pop stand while I'm trying to get my beauty shop on- shoooo!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,11/7/2011,49,294,9,6,6>Went here on Friday with my boyfriend for our anniversary dinner and all I keep thinking is WOW.  This place is now probably my favorite restaurant.  We had a reservation for the deck seating outside for 8:30 and we were seated right on time and got a killer table on the edge and I took the seat that looked out over the water.  I loved the old school almost Christmas like big light bulbs that lined the framing of the deck and now want some for my apartment.Everyone working here looked like they walked out of Glamour magazine.  I was quite pleased with our Johnny Depp look alike for a server--couldn't stop staring, oh hi boyfriend sitting across the table you are still sexy too!It wasn't a particularly hot sunny summer night, but it was still pleasant and I wasn't uncomfortably cold which I was nervous about after hearing we were going to be outside.  Fresh bread and oil for free!  Ordered a glass of the house red which came in an old green bottle with a cute little cork which I contemplated stealing on multiple occasions, okay not really I would never steal but I did want one!!I ordered the Spirelli Al Caprese and the description on the menu fit perfectly like they had been reading my mind for years prior to me even eating here, although I'm not sure how that would work.My boyfriend had the Lasagna that he has been raving about for over a year and now I know why OMG.  My taste buds have never been happier, in fact they are still thanking me.   We also ordered a side of meatballs which were also soo good.Forgot to mention--since it was so busy this night we were anticipating our food to take at least thirty minutes to come out, but we were thrilled when we saw our food in only 10!!  I'm not even joking I looked at my watch.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,11/6/2011,79,320,8,8,8>The Ugly Mug is a great coffee shop nestled in the University District.  I visited here twice while interviewing for jobs several months ago and now have returned as I live in the area.  So, been here three times, and have been pleased with each visit.Drinks: coffee is always good!  Mostly hot coffee beverages.  The only iced coffee beverage available is an iced americano...not really sure why they can't make an iced latte?  A hot latte or cappuccino will set you back $2.45 (short, 8oz), $2.75 (tall, 12oz) or $3.00 (grande, 16oz).  A tall mocha is $3.15.  A standard drip coffee is $1.50.  They also have some other cool drinks which I haven't tried yet: matcha latte, ovaltine latte, honey ginger tea and plum lemonade.  They have Italian sodas too.Food: It is hard to find a place with good coffee AND good food.  This is your place.  My personal favorite is the Bulgogi sub (Korean style beef marinated in sweet sauce served with mixed greens, carrots, onions, and honey mustard on a baguette for only $4.95.  And it is a big baguette!  Other food options include veggie focaccia, tuna salad, smoked turkey and a variety of soups.  They even have bagels and breakfast sandwiches.Ambiance: Cool spot.  A little small and therefore cozy.  It can be challenging to find a table if you come at peak lunch times.  It can get a little loud with all the chatter and laughter, so possibly challenging if you are trying to study, but a great place to meet up with friends to catch up over a good lunch and mocha latte.  There are about 11 square tables and a couch.Customer Service: Excellent.  Very warm and friendly.  Baristas always greet you with a smile.  After you order, they will bring your food and drinks straight to your table.  Parking: typical for U-district, street parking only.  Walk or take the bus.Overall, this is one of the best non-Starbucks coffee shops I have found in Seattle so far.  Probably not the best if you are going to study and sit for 5 hours, but if you need a good drink with a meal, check it out!!Oh, and I love their tagline: "Friends don't let friends go to Starbucks."
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,11/5/2011,227,141,10,12,15>Friend: Hey, what are you doing Friday night?Me: Going to the market.Friend: Wow! How lame is that??Me: Well, it's not. The reason: DINNER PARTIES. It's why single people aren't lonely in Europe. It's coming together, meeting friends and acquaintances face to face. It's intimate, sharing the same space and simultaneous laughter, instead of those staggered lol's over txts and instant msging. It's easy, foraging around at the farmer's market before dinner is the most effortless way to blow someone's mind. Pick out something vibrant and fresh for a salad (wild arugula, dandelion greens or watercress) Taste it first. Add thinly-sliced apples & tri-colored radishes. Whisk together a vinaigrette out of apple cider vinegar, dijon, local honey, olive oil & sea salt. Sprinkle on some salty feta, and sear up grass-fed lamb or beef in butter & garlic (use a liberal amount of sea salt). Serve with a crusty loaf of bread and have your friends bring over the wine. Viola! Now you know how to beat the Seattle Freeze even in the dead of winter. Sorry Friend, you're no longer invited.Side note: This particular market is only available June-October. The Ballard, West Seattle and University District markets are open year-round.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,11/4/2011,94,409,8,9,9>When I think about great places for small shows of local music I usually think of this place within my first 5 choices. It's tiny... I mean REALLY tiny! but that's what makes it so totally awesome! My friends punk band played here a couple of nights ago and the stage barely fit two guitarists, a yeller, a bass player and drum set... it's kind of what makes it so cool.Nice patio with a basketball hoop to spend some time at if you're waiting for the next band or you're craving some nicotine.Drinks... well stick with beer and ciders here (they have strongbow) and of course the ubiquitous jello shots of doom : )Overall I do like this place and when my friends play there again I'll be back for more!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,11/2/2011,140,456,14,14,13>Anise ganache-filled figs dipped in dark chocolate.They're like crack for my dad.  He's on a fixed income though and I fear he might have to hustle in order to score his fix.  So I buy them for him on every occasion.They've got fancy truffles, bars, sauces, cocoa and other treats from all over the world.  Your trip to the top of Queen Anne won't be complete without a stop here!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,11/1/2011,94,80,8,15,13>Jerry, Jerry, Jerry. I'm on to you. You have cleverly designed your dear Poppy has a culinary adventure using the Herbfarm motif on a smaller scale. Much smaller scale. And more affordable scale *wink*Instead of a 5 hour feast of ten courses, you present to us your tasting meal all at once - that is meant to be enjoyed over a 2 -2 1/2 hour span - to fully enjoy the richness, textures, aromas, and sensation that each small dish provides. Because to truly experience your culinary talent, it takes time to savor and appreciate what each little plate has to offer. Now diners: You have a unique privilege of eating at Chef Traunfeld restaurant. Do not make reservations under the impression you will be in and out in an hour. That's not enough time. Hailed as a James Beard nominee for The 2011 Outstanding Chef of the Year (amongst greats such as Iron Chef's Michael Symon and Jose Garces), do not blow your opportunity to experience Jerry Traunfeld's amazing talent.Good news: Poppy now offers 7 or 10 Thalis, with vegetarian, poultry, fish, and beef variations. Ranging from $22-32. Each week the menu changes, to emphasize and glorify the Pacific Northwest's powerful bounty of the earth. Pacific Northwest cuisine doesn't get much better than this, flocks.  It is my belief that Chef Traunfeld pours his heart and soul in the careful planning and preparation of his Thalis. You can feel his appreciation for food in the air. Its contagious. All that I can ask of you, dear diner, is that you do the same.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,10/31/2011,60,122,17,11,6>If Lady Gaga bought steak from Bob's Quality Meats, she would have never worn a meat dress at VMA's. High quality meat sizzles on the grill, not on a sewing machine. Her little monsters would devour the meat.Bob's provides great service, delicious cut of steaks and other meat at a reasonable price. Just ask what you like. The owner has the right meat for you. He has useful tips on how to prep/grill/serve them, not wear them.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,10/30/2011,718,1048,8,19,16>This month it's been pretty normal to find me at their sushi bar, enjoying a book and a 1/2 order of omakase sashimi.I don't normally get much attention from the female waitresses, but the sushi chefs always take great care of me. They keep the delicious fish coming, and occasionally get a waitress to come visit me if I'd like to order some sake or a beer. Normally I just stick to water, though. No need to get distracted from the delicious fish!My favorite things to order: 1/2 omakase sashimi and one-type sashimi plates from the board. If I'm really hungry, I get the sashimi over rice. Every once in a while I also get an order of miso soup. They probably have some other delicious things, but I just have a hard time ordering anything that's not raw fish here.My first visit was with a group of Yelpers, and we had what I believe was the tuna collar. It wasn't something I'd normally order or eat (because I normally dislike cooked fish), but it was pretty tasty, huge, and only about $7.50!I still have a few Wallingford sushi spots to try (someday), but so far Issian is definitely my favorite spot for sashimi in the neighborhood.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,10/29/2011,595,1498,6,13,10>For those fans of Li's, the shuttered dumplings and noodles house in Bellevue, there is no need to cry anymore about its closure. There is now a worthy replacement in the name of Yang's which offers Northern Chinese dim sum offerings including handmade dumplings and xiao long bao!Yang's is located at Lake Hills Shopping Center around the corner from Wonton City and in the vicinity of the infamous Henry's Taiwan. Add in the new kung fu place that opened up next door to Paldo and seemingly this shopping center is growing into a bonified Asian strip mall.Yang's takes up space in the former Caffe Lento spot that had been closed for well over a year. It has retained much of the interior look which seems somewhat Mediterranean. Like Wonton City, this is a small, friendly operation of two, though not mother and son. A husband and wife team?  I counted 5 tables and 18 seats in the whole place.I am not sure of the origin of the owners, but the telephone for the restaurant has the area code for San Gabriel Valley in California. Promising no? In addition to the aforementioned dumplings, offerings include steamed buns and noodles (soup and fried). All very affordable. Nothing on the menu is more than $8.99.I got an order to go. Some items are not available if you decide to do the same. The dumplings, noodles (I am assuming fried, not sure about soup) and buns are what you can order out. I decide to get the pork steamed buns ($6.99) and pork dumplings ($6.99). Did not get the xiao long bao this time. I believe it is listed under the name of soup in bun.What is cool about this converted coffee house is that you can actually see the owners making the food right in front of you. How cool to see handmade dumplings being made while you wait!As for the verdict, I have to say the food here is legit. Definitely can taste the freshness of the dumplings here and that the wrappers are handmade. Though I would like to see different varieties of filling like Li's had, although they do have a beef version. The pork buns were super delicious as well. Dipped it in the vinegar they included for an extra flavor bite.Definitely will be back, especially since I live 3 blocks away from here. But also because dumplings are one of my favorite foods and I really want to try their xiao long bao.P.S. Bear in mind though before going that this is a SMALL eatery so expect some wait. After all, they are cooking, serving food, busing tables, cleaning dishes and handling payment which is pretty arduous work. A lot of multi-tasking! However, it is well worth your time to try this place out.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,4/8/2012,94,80,8,9,9>I know now why it took Beethoven four years to complete his masterpiece Symphony No. 5. After I dined at Staple and Fancy back in June, I knew that the careful composition of this yelp review would have to exude perfection. For mere words alone cannot adequately capture the symphony that Ethan Stowell is composing at thy dear Staple and Fancy. As thy fingers dance upon thee keyboard, I embody Beethoven, pouring my heart out over reminiscing the notes of pleasure inducing coma from thee shear ingredients that tantalized thy taste buds. Upon entering the Ballard warehouse storefront, it is natural for your red flags to fly. Your mother always told you not to judge a book by its cover. As you enter, you will be quickly transported to another frame of mind as the alluring smells flood your nasal cavities, your ears buzz with delight from the open kitchen, and your eyes bug out with astonishment to watch the orchestra of chefs master their art. Its not too long after you are seated when you begin to feel impatient and want to devour the delicacies being prepared just feet away from you. But your patience will be rewarded. Take in mind that to fully absorb the Staple and Fancy experience, you need to go big or go home. In which case going big means going fancy. The parade of dishes presented in front of you (by multiple waiters) will at first be overwhelming. But take in stride. This is not a race. Sit back. Take a breath. Count to ten. Before taking a face plant into the dizzying display of "appetizers", take a moment to embrace the uniqueness, individual characteristics and contrasts that each small plate has to offer. This is a symphony remember. Bites of olives, pickled vegetables, soft boiled eggs with anchovies, deep fried oysters with aioli, escolar crudo with avocado puree, grilled asparagus, buffalo mozzarella with argula....try to distinguish how each plate achieves the perfect balance of texture, acidity, crunch, smooth, tart, refreshing and clean to bold and fatty. Remember that Mr. Stowell's roots are Italian. Therefore the hand-cut pasta dishes that arrive next is a spectacular undertaking of his genius at work. This evenings offers provided one including cuttlefish, the second providing mussels. Although both seafood pastas, each were drastically different highlighting their own uniqueness. Just when you start to think Ethan Stowell and crew have exhausted their talents, they'd have you fooled. Because the entrees are next and will blow your mind. Picture this - a whole fish. No big deal. Perfectly pan seared then roasted, head attached with its eyeballs staring right back at you. Ready and wanting for you to enjoy every morsel of its fishy deliciousness. Its cavity stuffed with aromatics to perfume its flesh and intensify its flavor. The second entree presents giant pork chops, falling from the bone, breathe on it and it falls apart. The artists have managed to take everyday ordinary into something extraordinary. Finally are the desserts, the final notes to end the procession of foods. You will find these not overly rich or sweet, but humble and refined, to close the meal with an everlasting allure lingering for it to continue. E.T.A. Hofftmann has famously described Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 as "one of the most important works of all time." Therefore I will be so bold in to comment that the Staple and Fancy feast is one of the most important meals in all of Seattle.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,4/7/2012,140,456,8,8,9>I've been to Blueacre several times for lunch and happy hour recently.  It has quickly become a favorite for a certain fellow Yelper and I to meet up.  For lunch they offer a three course prix fixe meal for only $15.  They have several tasty options for each course--including a delicious chocolate mousse for dessert.Blueacre's happy hour has some great food specials (crab poppers, anyone?).  Oyster fans should be happy here--they're $1 each and come with an assortment of mignonettes.  The happy hour drink list seems to change often, but I can usually find something interesting on it--like the "Temporary Restraining Order," made with reposado, sour apple and lime.  It sounds weird but was tasty and not unlike a margarita served up.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,4/5/2012,264,133,9,11,12>The Issaquah Brew House, now the only Rogue Ales location in WA, is a great place to go for beer & food. They use Rogue cheeses & beers (I'm a big fan of the bread, chili, mac & cheese, and beer-cheese soup), the beer list of locally-brewed Rogue-family and friends' beers is always stellar, and you can find all sorts of merchandise on the premises. They sell Rogue-Nation t-shirts, hats, homebrew clone kits, bottles, growlers and kegs, and with the Nation discounts you save tons versus buying them in stores. You can save even more if you hit them up during a garage sale - rogue.com/events/isq-gsa… , steeply discounted beer, kegs, and merch!This is definitely one of the best brewers in the PNW, so check out Rogue and Issaquah's (Menage-a-Frog and 11th anniversary) beers!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,4/4/2012,129,291,12,14,15>Why did I wait so long to check this place out? When I walked into Island Soul I was transported. It didn't feel like I was in Seattle at all. Maybe it was the Bob Marley mural. Maybe it was the vibrant paint colors or the fact that the employees (owners?) were dancing around the restaurant to the live music. Whatever it was, the vibe alone is worth a visit. The live music on a Friday night makes it a great date place, although a tad on the loud side. I loved the one-man-band guy singing reggae versions of Neil Diamond and Cat Stevens in addition to some Bob Marley classics.  The food and drinks were great although I don't remember what I ordered because I let our wonderful waiter, Charles, do the picking for me! Excellent service and a lot of fun. I definitely see myself becoming a regular.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,4/3/2012,254,164,13,11,10>I love being in my bed. It's so warm and cozy. I can read, watch a movie, play pup tent erector, eat dinner... I think if I had a handful of little green Army men I may never leave my bed at all. When I am in bed and hungry for Thai, more often than not I think Phuket. By the time I call, throw on some britches and shoes and run up the street, my grub is ready and I am back in my bed toute emeffin suite. I'm basically addicted to the Pad See Yu. Full on perfect. The Pad Prik King is a familiar pile on my plate too. I try new dishes each time and have not been disappointed once. I suspect I will be returning to the Pineapple Curry Fried Rice a time or two. Delicious.Reasonably priced, fast and friendly, delicious... You say Thai - I say Phuket.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,4/2/2012,779,709,12,15,14>Holiday road trip for food and cheer brought me here. I had heard of this place, only through Yelp, not that spiky haired demons tv show, and I read a few reviews just to get a feel for what the collective had to say on it. I determined pretty quickly I would probably love anything I ordered, because i totally understand that *any* true home-style cooking is going to be messy, uneven, not pretty presented and generally not really look super edible, but taste great. So, here's what I ordered:Fried Chicken with the mac n cheese and collard greens as sidesFried Green Tomato appetizer.I was super happy with my choices. Everything was just so good in that "just like grandma" used to make way. And it's Southern, so, depending on the heritage of your palette, be prepared for a LOT of grease, fat, salt and not a lot of fancy herbs or spices. The only thing I may have changed, if they'd allowed me to, is I would have preferred all dark meat chicken. The breast i had was good, and when piping hot was just fine, but it dried out as it cooled and wasn't as good once "left over".Only because I enjoyed it so much, I wish my mac-n-cheese was a bigger portion, but honestly, not really. I had over half my plate left over.The Fried green tomatoes were fantastic. Just how I'd expect them. Super sweet toms in flaky, crumbly coating fried just enough to crisp a little bit. They were hot as all hell and the portion, for an "appetizer", was HUGE. I have spent far, far too long in Seattle and it's small plate bullshit. In any restaurant in Seattle for the same price, I would have probably gotten 4-5 slices of toms. Here, I had an entire basket full that was easily 2-3 whole, good sized tomatoes. The collard greens I've had in the past have only ever been served to me two ways. More "whole" and sauteed, like you might do spinach, or chopped small, kept loose and with some of the 'brine/broth' of the ham hock they were cooked with. Here, it was the latter and I loved them. And here is where, if you don't know what you're doing, you may think "holy bloody salt overload". I wish they were closer, honestly, because I couldn't finish what I ordered, but just thinking about it now, I want to TRY ALL THE THINGS!!!I passed on the drinks (though, the sweet tea is probably a perfect accompaniment to all that salty in the meal) The ambiance of the entire small little place is so warm, so friendly, so family that it really makes the meal feel "real". If I lived closer, I'd be the regular "mama" came out of the kitchen to hug and say hello to in no time flat.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,4/1/2012,149,480,5,9,6>This is one place I love, love, love to come in and look because its so darn cute!Each section of the store is littered in vintage looking apparel and jewelry, and oh the litter is oh so nice and sparkles just so! Not only does the apparel and jewelry sparkle, but so does the retail staff! Just as cute and quaint as its' wares, so is the staff and their customer service!This go around, no purchases for me, but thanks for the retail look therapy!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,3/31/2012,942,857,9,17,12>I absolutely loved it here! I personally had really low expectations, but their catchy name had me sold. Seriously : hardwok cafe! heck yes! I am corny, and I don't care. Going on, I would come with a chinese speaking friend and ask for any insider goodies that you may need to order. As for our non chinese speaking self, it was quite hard to order, but nonetheless very tasty. order : - popcorn chicken : more like five spice fried chicken with yummy rice with pork ground sauce over the rice! DELISH! I would totally recommend!!!!!- Beef noodle soup : handmade fettuccine type noodle with super fall off the bone beef (I had a taste of the soup and it was delicious)- sticky rice : it's sweet and savory and delicious!!!!!! - green onion pancake : is like any green onion pancake, isn't knock your socks off, but definitely the greasy fried goodness is on my fave list to eat.- pork bun : definitely sweeter than the other pork buns I have had, so I would just pass on it. - Taro milk tea : super delicious, I am craving for one right now!!!!! I can't wait to go back and try their milk toast!!!!!!!! I seriously loveeee this place!!!! it totally reminds me of the chinese bars I used to go to up in vancity :) but it's so close to home :)
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,3/30/2012,416,153,29,29,28>My son Nico recently admonished me for my lack of follow-through at not having reviewed Spin's when the place had done so right by him. Being 11, he's particular about what happens with his pate, and he typically wants longer hair that hangs in a respectable surfer-ish way, without crossing that dread threshold of "lesbian who never really cared in the first place" or "the kid on the Dutch Boy paint can." We've seen both of these, in equal measure, when tempted by lesser barbers. It is fascinating to me how just a few snips can make a man's haircut cross resolutely into female helmet or bowl cut or merely very, very unattractive. I can see the difference, but do not know how to decode where the translation error occurs.Because Spin's typically caters to dudes, I figured we'd take the Dutch out the boy if Nico got into one of their chairs, and it was true. And what's even cooler is that these guys have rows of collectible action figures and are really into pop (and even geek) culture so the boys love talking with them.Bring cash. They don't take cards (anyone who's read my reviews can hear my eyes rolling around in drawn-out ratchety Dolby at this, because I think it's infuriating). Normally I would dock them for that, because I always prefer to absorb the card fee with the price of the cut rather than having to go get cash somewhere (and pay that fee anyway, in most cases). However, unbelievably, he just said, "Ah, just mail it to me."I blinked, unable to process this. The...haha...the...HONOR SYSTEM?! Actually this scares me a little bit, not because I'm dishonest, but because I'm disorganized. But it's such a gift of trust, and as such so rare and lovely, that you cannot decline. So we did! And we shot them a check the next day, with gratitude, and we went back again when Maximo needed a haircut, too, and they knocked that one out of the park, too (the cut, not the kid), leaving me with absolutely nothing I don't love about this barbershop.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,3/29/2012,205,135,11,13,11>Cozze Affumicati!!! (passionately stated with a thick Italian accent)Was that an explicative because you're driving too slowly on the highway or was that me ordering at Serafina?I want to talk about the food here, but first let me just say that this place is just as charming inside as it is outside, with lots of natural light, and an interesting open layout of tables for maximum privacy.  Each table has its own olive oil, pepper grinder, and sea salt, a very nice touch.I ordered the mussels, more excited about the smoked tomato, harissa, sweet vermouth, leeks, and fresh herbs than the mussels themselves.  It was very, very tasty.  A-MAZING!  What a delicious broth... NO, let's call it a NECTAR.  The HARISSA (a North African chili sauce) gave it a very unique spiciness with extreme depth from the leeks, herbs, and SMOKINESS from the tomatoes.  It was excellent with their crusty, local Columbia City bread, dipped in olive oil.  I'm feeling generous today...5 stars!Cozze Affumicati!!! (passionately endorsed on Serafina's menu, with a thick Italian accent)
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,11/10/2010,42,140,4,6,6>I LOVE Ethiopian food, so when my bff told me she was having her bday dinner here, all I could think about for a whole week was scooping up mounds of spicy, saucy (cooked) kitfo with deliciously spongy injera. And that's exactly what I did when I got there. Well, right after having a shot of Patron and a Corona chaser at the bar. Which, by the way, serves up some pretty phat drinks! Anyway, I also split the Green Chicken (cubes of chicken breast, greens, and tomatoes in a red Awaze sauce) with a friend. I hope this dish is an Ethiopian restaurant staple, because if I'm not in the mood for kitfo or a vegetarian platter, I'm ordering this. Everything tasted so fresh, lean, and healthy while still having tons of flavor. I would definitely come back. It's really cute and clean inside, and there's plenty of seating for larger parties. The next time I plan a group dinner, Habesha's going at the top of my list.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,11/9/2010,86,498,6,6,7>I have had many occasions in their banquet room, and have also visited for just lunch or dinner.  I'm never let down, it's really REALLY good food, and the service is decent too.My favorite is the lunch buffet, because you get to try pizza's you're just not sure if you like enough to order a full one at other times.  Oh, and they have these delicious mozzarella and brown sugar breadsticks that are HEAVEN.  (Don't knock it til you try it)The banquet room here can fit about 40 people and, if needed, the doors close.  They're pretty good about getting everyone taken care of when you're in there which is a super plus.  Any time we have a soccer/birthday/anniversary party to schedule this is the first place I think of.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,11/8/2010,150,597,11,11,7>Shelter Lounge hangs dangerously on the precipice of being a cool little hangout or falling into the canyon of pretentiousness. It has a number of the ingredients that could push it either way. The decor is modern with a nice mixture of wood on the interior with tasteful ornaments on the fairly small indoors. The bar is a semi-circle and seats are plentiful. Of course, the hook is the outdoor patio and seats. There's a small covering to shield (*cough*), or "Shelter", patrons from the ubiquitous Seattle rain that overlies a giant fireplace. All very nice and cozy with a mellow vibe.The menu is also a nice attraction. We came here for a happy hour and found that most of items fall into a "must try" category; tasty and trendy picks dot the list. It seems that peanut butter is the new black, I've seen it pop up all over menus. Shelter's version of this is the PB&J Poppers: a mix of a jalapeno pepper surrounded by peanut butter and a crispy breading topped with jelly. It's as fabulous as it sounds. Next on the menu were the avocado fries. These serve as a nice cool-down from the jalapeno: it's composed of the soft avocado center with the same crispy breading on the outside. Combining these two are like the ying and yang of appetizers: the fiery jalapeno followed by the mello avocado. Top this off with the spicy grilled cheese and you've got a nice little happy hour spread. The happy hour drinks were all a dollar off and there's a reasonable selection here. I spent the afternoon working on drinking my body weight in Mack N Jacks ($3 HH) while my better half was working on the vodka drinks ($5 HH). I endorse both of these.Of course, the line between a pretentious place and a hip hangout is mostly drawn by the staff. For example, if while ordering food the staff rolled their eyes and sniffed: "all food must be ordered in French and all beer must be ordered in German", it would be almost impossible to recover no matter how tasty the food. Happily, I found the staff great here. The bartendress was cheerful and helpful with several nice suggestions. The waitress smiled and kept bringing HH plates as if that was the happiest moment of her day.So, yeah, I'm sort of a fan.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,11/6/2010,386,1001,6,8,9>Indispensable resource. Just go. If you need fancy chocolates for a nice present, you are guaranteed (or as close as it is possible to be to being guaranteed) a happy reception when you give Fran's. This chocolate is amazing. Well, I have only managed to get my fingers in fast enough to try a couple bites of Fran's in all the years I have been giving her chocolates out on special occasions and to co-workers, but it never fails to delight. The salted caramels are pretty much legendary. Whether you're buying chocolate for someone who really loves the good stuff or happily chomps on supermarket sugar bombs in brightly colored wrappers, Fran's seems to have universal appeal.So, OK. That point has probably been made rather well. The store? It's just a wall of shelves full of different chocolates. It's full of rich mahogany and silk-bound packages. It's kind of a big deal. The people are nice. You can't believe how much the chocolate costs. $20 a pound or something. Small fortune for this stuff. So you buy one of the little packages. If it's a big occasion, you buy a bigger package. Everything about Fran's, from the hand-made chocolate to the locations, through the lux interiors, and on to the sweet well-kept ladies who look after the sales floors, is super-premium. You're not buying snacks here. These are very fine indulgences.I am sure every good-sized city has a Fran's, or something like it. They probably each have their specialties. And I've not tried Theo yet so I am not up on that one. But IME, Fran's always produces the desired result and then some. So IMO it's as good as anything this area has to offer for this sort of thing.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,11/4/2010,601,289,18,19,19>You know the song by Usher and Will. I. Am that's really popular right now?  You know, the song that goes, "oh my god...."well, they must have written that song after coming to countryside donut house, because it makes you say, "Oh my god..." after every bite.  Their maple bar is perfectly baked.  slightly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside with the glaze being sweet, but not too sweet that it makes you go, "ugh, i can't believe i'm eating something this sweet in the morning."  seriously. the best donut that you will ever have in your life.  go. to this this place and order two dozen donuts so you can have a great sugar rush and sing usher's song. then you tube it. then become a viral super star. peace.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,11/1/2010,22,72,5,6,7>Sweet Iron was exactly how I thought it would be in terms of goodness. What is a perfect caboose to a train of dim sum in the ID? Oh, a nice mile long walk to the Sweet Iron for a chocolate dipped liege waffle of course!The perfect level of sweetness was what I found with this waffle, which i assumed would be to overly rich. I didn't even need any water or other liquid to wash my waffle down as I ate it in a typical Vietnamese squat position on the sidewalk in front of the place.  I think $3.25 is a fair price for the waffle I ordered, in terms of the flavor and uniqueness of the liege waffle.It is sort of odd it is where it is, but that's sorta good because if it was in say, Pike Place Market you would probably have to wait like you do at Daily Dozen. I have a feeling this spot will blow up soon.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,10/31/2010,47,66,11,11,9>If you're are going to get stood up by a date, Ocho is a good place to be stood up. I know from experience, so let me list the reasons why, not the least of which is the friendly bartender.1. The drinks. I've never had a drink at Ocho I didn't like. I've tried the Sangria Familia (I usually gravitate toward pear), the house-made absinthe (2.5-3 stars), and the Cava Reserva '05 bubbly, which I'd ordered while waiting for the date who stood me up.2. The tapas. Again, the spiced almonds made good company while I sat at the bar dateless (don't cry for me, Argentina). I can also vouch for Setas de Jerez (sherried mushrooms on toast), Bisteca (pimenton marinated flank steak), La Carolina (five stars), and Patatas Bravas (spicy fried potatoes with allioli)--all of which I've had on prior date-in-arm outings and girlfriends gatherings to Ocho.3. The bartender and waiter(s); they are super friendly and accommodating. I've never had bad service at Ocho. Overall: This place is great--even if it IS a small space. Seattle needs more small spaces; it forces us to be friendly with each other, but that's an entirely different post.  Ocho is usually packed like sardines in a tin can, so if service is a little slow, blame the customers WHO LOVE IT, not the staff. Anyway, the tapas at Ocho are worth the wait. In general, the place has a good feel, with ambiance along the lines of The Living Room, The Sitting Room, and Bleu.Ocho is also, obviously, a fantastic date stop (if you like your date), because it is so cozy and intimate.Five shiney ones.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,10/29/2010,220,219,5,12,11>I have had the opportunity to visit a few granite and marble stores around the Seattle area.  Matt and I are hopefully (keeping my fingers crossed) going to purchase a foreclosure on Alki in about 6 months, and I want to continue checking out different stores for marble countertops.  Our rental does not have them, and in our minds, getting the upgrade is a necessity.Sticks and Stones has awesome prices and the store is set up with various different possibly kitchen set-ups.  Jimmy, the owner, does both cabinetry and countertops.As evidenced by the store, they do an outstanding job and, additionally, the owner is super nice and accomodating even though he knows he is not going to get business from us right away.Their marble is actually hung up for you to look over, sort of comparable to a variety of paintings that you can quickly browse... And I cannot forget his good prices.  They are considerably less than when we upgraded our loft in Atlanta.Bottom line, if you are in the market for countertops or cabinetry, check out "Sticks and Stones Kitchen and Granite" in Ballard.  I think you will be happy with my recommendation.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,10/28/2010,293,280,5,10,8>Lord have mercy.  Lo mejor de Seattle.  Taqueria La Estacion is probably the best hole-in-the wall taqueria I've been to in Western Washington.  The carnitas and lengua tacos have meat that is so tender and cooked to perfection, and the homemade tortillas are a nice touch.  The "parillada" (asada, al pastor, chorizo, carmelized onions, etc.) $23 for 2 people) dish looks pretty amazing, and I'll definitely back with a friend to give that a try.  They have wonderful salsas, and a spicy guacamole with some serious heat as well.Almost everything on the menu looks good, and they serve Bohemia. This isn't the best place for a vegetarian unless you are trying to turn into a carnivore again, but, for the rest of the free world it's pretty amazing.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,10/27/2010,224,247,13,16,13>My taste buds don't have much experience eating Soul Food...but what I can say is Geri's Casual Dining & Catering knows whats up.I was greeted by Geri herself..how cool is that!? :DI got to say that Renton has some good eats in Downtown!!I went here for lunch and ordered:Oxtails - Were Seasoned to perfection with natural herbs and spices covered in an onion gravy.I chose 2 side:Macaroni & Cheese - A good solid side item, Cheese Yum!Fried Ocra - Breaded and deep fried Yum!I topped it off with Corn bread! Yum =P  Nextime I want to try their Fried Catfish Fillet & Smoked Pork Ribs..I hear this summer their doing Fish Fry Fridays!! I finally checked this place out, I'm happy I did..I will come back with friends soon! ;)
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,7/22/2014,57,101,7,9,7>I have been to Lynnwood and Shoreline libraries, even bookstores in Seattle and Portland. The Central Branch Library has the best children's section, available help, friendly atmosphere, amenities for people with students or kids.They host story times in different languages and offer a variety of resources from children's music around the world to disaster safety trainings.You could get overwhelmed amongst the wealth of materials or just pace yourself and come back for another visit.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,7/21/2014,580,101,9,17,13>Finally got to check out this place! It's right down the street from my work but never seem to make it out. I like this place better than the new ramen place in downtown Bellevue. I think the flavor of the ramen broth is much better! I ordered the spicy ramen. You can pick a spicy level of 1-3. I picked 2 and thought it was perfect! So much flavor!! I felt like it had the right amount of noodles too. It comes with pork, bamboo, and bean sprouts. Never have I finished an entire bowl of ramen including the broth. It was that good! I came right before closing so seating wasn't an issue but I hear there is typically a line during peak hours. Parking is easy since they have a private lot in a shopping center. The servers were all VERY nice! Made you feel comfortable and welcomed. I can't wait to go back and try more! Oh my friend got the garlic miso ramen and that was packed with flavor too! So 2/2 thus far!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/20/2014,468,742,7,20,15>I, too, have been dreaming of Shiro's since I watched the documentary "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" over a year ago. My dream finally came true a few weeks ago and I can't look at sushi the same way as before my experience here.I arrived an hour before the place was scheduled to open and there was an 8 person line already. My bf was worried we wouldn't get seated at the bar but I was determined to wait it out, and sure enough we were able to get seated at the bar right away. Shiro was working that evening but we were seated in front of Tsuyoshi. We told him that it was our first time here so he was excited to serve us omakase. I need to emphasize what other Yelpers have said, if you are sitting at the bar, omakase is THE way to go. I love the pace Tsuyoshi went, which gave us enough time to fully enjoy each piece he carefully crafted, as well as taking the time to chat with us and explain every piece we indulged in. Just to warn you, you must let them know if you're feeling full or else they will continue to feed you! I should also note that all the pieces of sushi we had already had the "sauces and seasonings" needed so there was no need to dip in a wasabi-soy sauce mixture.Here's what we had the pleasure of eating during our experience:Albacore Tunas (back and belly)We were instructed to eat the piece starting from the right and work your way to the left. I enjoyed comparing the differences of taste between the two, the belly obviously being fattier than the back.Red snapperTopped with a shisho leaf, I liked how the flavor of the fish was only enhanced minimally.Salmon 2 ways: lemon and sweet onion with ponziSalmon is always a hit with me but the way this way prepared was heavenly. The first piece was only lightly seasoned with lemon and a hint of sea salt and it enhanced the salmon's natural flavor. The second piece was topped with sweet onion and ponzu which was just as amazing.Tuna lean to fatty (4 pieces)Aesthetically, this was the best looking set during our experience. My two favorites were the tuna that was lightly seared, which had a steak-like taste and the fatty piece at the end of the set.SquidI actually do no like squid but decided to give it another try since I have been impressed with everything I have ate at Shiro's so far. I though the simplicity was amazing and I couldn't believe how tender this was since I use to think squid was chewy.Herring egg and Herring nigiriThis set was interesting. I love the crisp texture of the Herring eggs and the smokiness the bonito flakes add. The herring in nigiri form had a nice oily taste. If you love Saba (mackerel) then you'll enjoy this fish.Shiro's wrapOf everything I have ate here, this was by far the only disappointing item. I am assuming this is to cater more of an Americanized palette but I would have preferred if the dunguness crab wasn't drenched in sweet mayo.Sea eel with lemon and sea saltI love this alot better than the typical eel you'll find in typical sushi restaurants in Seattle. It was simply presented and had a dessert-like texture. Very interesting for something that seemed so simple.TamagoThe one thing I really was waiting for. I honestly never tried tamago since it looks gross at other sushi joints but it looked just as beautiful as it was in pictures and the documentary.Honorable mentions we had during the meal: Scallop, geoduck, raw shrimp with fried head, hamachi, King crab, Pickled and smoked king macarel.When I received the bill, I was surprised that it wasn't as expensive as I anticipated. I spent $213 (including tip and 2 green teas) and we each ate 24 pieces. With the quality of the food, service and price, the omakase at Shiro's is one of the best meals I've had in Seattle. The hype is real and I will only come back to do omakase at the bar, because its really the only way to do it at Shiro's.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,7/19/2014,786,852,9,22,15>Hidden gem, literally, tucked between Staple & Fancy and Walrus & Carpenter. A culinary aesthetic, Barnacle is proof of quality over quantity.  Cozy, narrow bar with a sole back booth, now serving prix-fixe dinners. Friendly, witty bartenders know their aperitifs like Ballard knows plaid. Barnacle is a Negroni dream come true - an unabashed love affair with amaro.- Mussels on toast, cilantro pistou - personal favorite. Fresh, luscious mussels. An unexpected preparation and absolutely delicious.- Anchovy, calabrian chili butter - intensely savory, chili packs heat, butter to add balance- Duck liver mousse - indulgence nicely done- Octopus terrine, olive oil, lemon - stunning presentation, food as art. Incredibly thin terrine.Will be back for 1001 Negroni nights....flights.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,7/18/2014,229,86,8,13,10>Excellent neighborhood dining spot serving upscale bistro fare with a Pacific Northwest flairThe intimate interior lends itself to being an excellent date spot.  The service is friendly, professional, and most importantly knowledgable about their menu.  It seemed to be a team waiting effort, which I appreciated.  The food is fresh, light, and presented beautifully.One thing that is often overlooked at restaurants are the plates and cutlery.  I felt like I was eating off of my grandmother's fine China with antique-like silverware - a great touch to an already excellent meal!Hits:Käsespaetzle with smoked sausage, gruyere cheese, caramelized onions, and a sunny side up egg - All the components come together wonderfully and will leave you coming back for more!  The sausage pieces have a very strong flavor so I'd recommend breaking them up before diving in.Agnolotti pasta with bacon wrapped rabbit, mint, pea vine, and parmesan cheese - This dish was incredibly light and the mint truly shined.  The bacon wrapped rabbit was not overpowering and complimented the pasta very well.  The pesto-like stuffing in the agnolotti was perfect!A casual dinner lasted a little over an hour and a half with what I'd consider a modest crowd so don't expect to be in and out.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,7/17/2014,229,190,,14,6>This place is great! I've been here for lunch and happy hour, although their menu is small, the food is delicious, at least the ones I have tried so far. Service is great as well! They have various types of wine and the staff is very knowledgeable and gave my friends and I some suggestions. Items I have tried are:- Creamy Chicken Penne: very rich, cheesy, delicious - a tad oily just a heads up- White Truffle Popcorn: nice snack, and you can taste the hint of truffle- Italian Meat & Cheese Panini: this is good and it comes with tortilla chipsMy friend had their Caprese Salad that looked really good, I'd like to try that next time! I saw that they have wine tastings on Thursdays and live music on Saturday which I'd also like to check out sometime.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,7/16/2014,47,147,7,14,10>When you look at how large China is on the map, it is surprising that there aren't more regionally-focused Chinese restaurants, serving food outside of the Mandarin-Szechuan norm.  Biang serves food from the Shaanxi province, known for a relatively heavier touch than other Chinese cuisine - call it Chinese comfort food.  This is a place to explore if you like Chinese food but have reached your Kung Pao limit.We enjoyed a vegetable soup filled with small squares of cut noodles and a noodle dish with a delicious Biang black bean sauce - both pretty tasty and certainly unique without being way outside of the normal American palate. Only downer was the lack of a cold Tsingtao (no alcohol sold).The air was filled with the sounds of great Chinese dining experiences: rythmic slurping, chopstick chattering, and loud nasal interjections and gaffaws.  Friendly family service was attentive and kept the water glasses full.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,7/15/2014,97,445,5,9,8>Wow! It is worth the wait for breakfast here.I had the spicy corned beef hash and is was delicious not too spicy. I had my eggs cooked over easy and they were cooked perfectly. I brought my own gluten free bread and they were really nice and toasted it for me. Bought is out with my plate of food so it was warm.We were ready to order when we sat down, and our food came out quickly. The service was great my water glass stayed full almost the whole time.Call ahead to get your name on the list!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,7/14/2014,168,146,8,12,11>Dance like no one is watching...Classes and Open Dance sessions!  You can go with a group or go by yourself - there are always partners available. It doesn't matter if you are a beginner or if you are advanced, people just want to dance and have a good time. So the classes... I heart Tap!  Century Ballroom also offers Tango, Salsa, Swing and more. They have 2 dance rooms - so they can offer a couple of classes. The best part, the classes are super affordable - my Tap class is $60 for 5 one hour sessions.  I love the instructors - they show you the basics and then show you the basics again.  For example, Josh, my instructor led a sequence (or combo). We tapped it out in sections and then tapped the whole thing!  Seriously - I had a blast! I couldn't believe how quickly the hour went by.Note - some classes require partners.  You can visit the website for class schedules AND can register in advance. p.s. if you are hungry after class - check out Tin Table next door.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,7/13/2014,192,77,5,16,9>Elliott Bay Book Company is one of my very favorite books stores! I was a little skeptical when it was announced that it was moving from it's historic location in Pioneer Square to Capitol Hill - a few years ago. Clearly I'm a little late on writing a review, I've been too busy reading! Not only is this store stacked floor to ceiling with books, but they have recommendations in every section on hundreds of books, and these aren't just, "Cool Cover" or "I liked the book a lot you should read it", they are real deal down and dirty reviews! Like really real reviews! (YAY!) So picture this, you walk in, and BAM! books, everywhere. Then you realize, 'wow, there are books everywhere, I have NO IDEA where to start..." Never fear. That's when all of their recommendations come in handy! On every single shelf of every single section and in every single room there are recommendations on top of recommendations. It's AMAZING. So grab some coffee at the café and let yourself wander aimlessly.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/28/2013,79,249,7,15,14>The wait is over, folks.  After a lifelong search, I've found my favorite Thai place in Seattle.  It had gotten so bad that I had even resorted to taking Thai cooking classes and doing it myself at home.  Finally- there is a place that offers menu diversity and innovation, true spice, and sweet, sweet service.   There's nothing worse than a Thai restaurant that dumbs down the spices.  {The dishes have chile pepper symbols next to them signifying their spiciness.  I believe three chiles is the highest level.}  I wanted to eat in for lunch, but in typical Seattle fashion, the stupid parking machines were broken.  I opted for takeout and while there was definitely a language barrier with the guy who was helping me, he was so sweet and showed me all the options (it was lunchtime but he said I could order off the dinner menu as well).I recommend:the larb salad (your choice of ground meat and veggies over a bed of lettuce)- I had it with chicken and the amount of flavor in this thing was WOWZA.  I tasted the sweet and acidic red onion, savory crispy rice powder, zingy chilies, and fragrant mint.  It was beyond words.  I'm a gai pad krapow maniac, so I ordered a basil/shrimp dish (don't remember how it was listed on the menu) and it was delicious.  Another bonus: they use quality meat here-none of that mystery "chicken" stuff.This place is so good, I went back a few days later to eat-in and have dessert.  (Found free 2--hour angle parking on the street behind!) First I shared a delicious Thai eggplant special (3 chiles on the spice chart) and also wanted to order some items to go (for dinner).  The flavors were so unique (I've never had Thai eggplant with green peppercorns) and I loved the spiciness from the red chiles.  (After eating one, I was glad I had water.)  There was a communication issue again with previously mentioned friendly guy who works there.  (We ordered a total of 5 dishes to-go and only got/were charged for 2.)  We had already finished our meal and didn't want to order again, so we just took it, but keep in mind that you need to be very clear when ordering.  I would imagine you need to be even clearer if calling in takeout over the phone.  He's so sweet though, that it's hard to be frustrated (even though I wanted more deliciousness!).  Just be patient, and make sure that both parties understand what the other one is saying.  Dessert was amazeballs- pan-fried roti bread w/ cinnamon sugar and condensed milk-type frosting?  Um, YES.  (We asked if the roti was homemade and the response was "we bought the pan?" Will try and find out the answer next time!)I'm still dreaming about this place.  Of course it has to be across town from me, in Ballard, but I won't let that get in the way of me and my new love.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/27/2013,677,394,10,13,12>Easily one of the best spots for seafood in Seattle. And steak tartare. Which is hard..most steak places don't do seafood all that well..and many seafood niche places wouldn't dream of putting chopped up raw cow on the menu. Drool...ok moving on. W&C makes me rush out of work early for a spot. Does your favorite place make you do that? I drop what I'm doing at work, slam my computer shut and HIGH TAIL it to the little odd fisherman-y area of Ballard where it's tucked in behind S&F (get used to these cryptic codes here, people). I am there breathless at 3:45pm in the afternoon for dinner. Am I hungry? No. Is it weird to wait in a hallway of bikes for a table to get happy hour oysters at 4:00 in the afternoon? Yes. Is all this rigamarole worth it? YES. COME EARLY for a spot. If you don't come early for a spot, then guess what. You'll have to sip a drink up the street, where you will find delightful bearded faces offering their own happy hour and nibbles to wait in the meantime. I had a delightful Rittenhouse 100 for 5 dollars at King's one time, and a great beer at The Loft. Both places are very close, but make SURE you hear your phone ring, the sweet host/owner/chick that runs the show is going to call you when your table's ready. In the spring/summer the outdoor patio is superb, cozy picnic benches and offers peekaboo views of...whatever's out there. Inside is cramped, but cozy and comfortable. You will most likely see someone you know. Eat oysters anywhere, of course, and let the professionals guide you to the best. They're ALL good. ALL fresh, and I'm pretty sure ALL local, like Hood Canal local. Tell you professional oyster shiller your preferences (big? small? sweet? briney? creamy? crisp? fucking amazing?) and she will choose a dozen for you. At least to start with, of course....Along with the oysters I really truly loved the steak tartare, which almost got me off track earlier. It is in my life's work to try and chronicle the world's best steak tartares...ok you know I'm lying but I love it dearly and in 6 cities so far it's been fantastic. W&C does not disappoint, paired nicely with fattened ciabatta crudites and tasting like...well, the farm. Sigh. The wine list and salads and scrumptious desserts (I still remember my Valentine's Day dessert here fondly) round out to be a nice dinner. Just get a few plates to share, taste test, slurp and split. Just come early, k?
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,2/26/2013,293,280,6,8,7>I am bumping this up to number one on my list.  My beautiful Mexican wife is constantly reminding me that this place has tacos which are the most similar to Mexico, and I have to agree.  If you order carnitas, pastor, lengua (sorry vegetarians), or make another choice, this place delivers.  In addition, the quality late at night seems just as good as it is earlier in the day...and there are few places that can say that.  There are the normal drawbacks of ordering food at a taco truck , and I certainly would not recommend ordering something that no one else is ordering (camarones, for example).  But, this place makes my mouth water every time I stand in line...
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,2/25/2013,340,260,6,13,7>I found my childhood again at Dorky's Bar Arcade! I have driven up and down Pacific Ave several times but never noticed or even heard about this place. I found it haphazardly perusing through the yelp! app and found reviews of this highly rated place. After having dinner at Matador's just diagnolly across, we walked on down...it's EXACLY like heading into Tron's Flint's Arcade. PLUS there is a small little bar that sells beer and at night, they kick all the minors out and it becomes an awesome playground for the grown up nerds as they dim the lights and amp up the music.All my favorites were here....Pinball (From Indian Jones to the Simpsons to World Cup '94), the classic Nintendo games (Super Mario Bros. which is harder with a joystick rather than the control, Donkey Kong, etc), air hockey (which I remember playing at a Chuck E. Cheese when I was 8!), the arm wrestling game, and contemporary stuff like Dance Revolution and Guitar Hero!It was awesome having a pocketful of quarters and with all the games being either 25 cents to 50 cents, I was definitely entertained for hours and probably spent 10 bucks max on change.I am sure this place will definitely have a personal attachment to those who were born in the 80s-90s...definitely a treasured place to have in Tacoma and a must do for all.I heard you can have a birthday party here...I may just take them up on that offer for a thirty something bash! lol
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/24/2013,340,758,7,7,6>Years ago, when I started a new job, I was headed for the kitchen to check out the birthday celebration.  I walked in and saw a single, round cake sitting in the middle of the table.  It was white with fresh strawberries on it.  I remember thinking, 'meh, it's cake.'  Yeah, my mind was blown that day.  Everything that was right in the world was embodied in that strawberry white chocolate cake.  The cake was moist, texture perfect, and flavors well balanced.  Okay, okay, so Simply Desserts makes one good (expensive) cake, so what?  Wrong again, Monica, my love.  Over the years, I've tried many, many slices of cake there.  While some are not my fancy because of the flavors, not the quality of the cake, I have had more than my share of indulgence there.  The first time I tried lemon blueberry, I was skeptical - it didn't even sound good to me.  Uh, yeah, totally amazing!  Some of my other favorites include red velvet and mexican chocolate.  Again the cakes are expensive whole and by the slice.  From my perspective, it's worth it.  But, if you don't want to break the bank, try the black bottom cupcake.  For less than a slice of cake, you get a good sized cupcake that is chocolatety, creamy, dreamy.  Oh, and don't forget your cash or checkbook because they don't take credit cards, no matter how much you beg (I've tried).  And, being in the Center of the Universe, parking is a challenge.  .
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,2/23/2013,153,309,5,8,6>This was our first attempt to find Hawaiian food since we returned from Hawaii. We had heard many recommendations from friends and from Yelp so we decided to give it a try. Cam had the Kalua Pork and one of the chicken dishes, and I had the Kalua Pork and deep fried shrimp. While not as good as the pork we had on the island, it was still really good and had great flavor. Everything else was great, and the value was amazing. For just under $20 we had essentially two meals because we left with a decent amount of leftovers too. Service was good, and the poor guy was slammed with walk in and call in orders, as well as a few small groups in the dinning room. If I'm in the mood for Hawaiian, this will be our stop.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/22/2013,129,291,7,16,11>As a huge fan of Vij's and Rangoli, I was so enthusiastic to try Shanik. I knew it would be packed on a Friday and they don't take reservations so I showed up right at 5:30 when they open. At 5:30 the restaurant was 75% full and 10 minutes later it was at capacity, so plan accordingly! After I was seated, and still waiting on my friend to join me, someone walked by handing out some finger food appetizers and chai. Maybe they did that because they knew the kitchen would be backed up as it took a while to get our food, but that didn't seem to bother us. The food is definitely on the pricey side, but I found the portions to be large and well worth it. 2 appetizers and 2 entrees for 2 people went a long way. It could have been enough food for 3-4 people. The tenderloin and saffron curry were absolutely delicious and I can't wait to go back and try a few more dishes and dessert. I just did not have room for anything else!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,2/21/2013,416,153,28,28,22>My friend Mizz P had the genius idea of plopping six women into a steaming rectangular hot tub and setting us out to motor around Lake Union like a raunchy chick bouillabaisse. You don't have to have six people, but if memory serves me, you can't have more. And I believe that with six people it was $360, or $60 apiece, for two hours of aquatic tomfoolery.Most of the reviews below me are pretty spot-on. The tip to arrive early is excellent counsel, as the setup does take some time. There's a joystick controller which may fatigue you or may not (I didn't find it tiring), the temperature is not as hot as you might expect, and it's really lovely at sunset (we ventured out after dark, and it was still enjoyable). Thinking more about the temperature, I'm guessing that if it were at "normal" hot tub highs, you'd need to get out and sit on the edge pretty frequently over the course of two hours.There are little storage holds (one of which is waterproof) and you're issued a few water bottles. Alcohol on-board is not permitted, though I am sure that if you truly can't enter the drink without more of the same, enterprising folks will find a way.I think the quality of this experience is almost entirely dependent upon that of the company, because it really is a floating hot tub with a pretty cool, ever-changing view. We did have some difficulty on the way back identifying the slip from which our merry crew issued, and we agreed that some type of signage would be most helpful.If you're considering this, I do think it could be just as fun in the winter as the summer if they heated the tub more. Oh, and apparently there is a temperature differential based on where you are in the tub. Apparently if you're in charge of the joystick, it's cooler where you're sitting (near the stern) and significantly warmer in the bow. Also, in the winter, I'd plan for a daylight jaunt given reduced visibility in winter weather.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,2/20/2013,113,273,26,26,23>I like the Unicorn -  that's a matter of public record. But you know how sometimes you meet a cool dude, and you like him, and then you meet his brother and he makes the original dude seem kind of plain? Hellllllloooooo, Narwhal.Narwhal's got the same aesthetic as Unicorn - carnival stripes, taxidermy, zebra booths, all things tacky & wonderful - but it's got an extra tiny bit of charisma to outshine its sibling. It's dark. Spacious. Outfitted with pinball machines, arcade games, and a claw machine, you can lose all your laundry quarters by the time you've knocked back a few drinks. The bartenders are friendly and prone to choosing bangin' tunes (high five to the guy who decided to put on my favorite Boris album!). By the time this work week is over, I'll have been in three times in five days. I guess you could say we're going steady.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,2/19/2013,128,115,14,16,17>The late Carl Sagan said "If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe."  I think he was actually referring to sushi at Shiro's.  This is hands down the best sushi in Seattle.  There is simply no where else fresher and more expertly prepared than Shiro's.If you are eating for the setting or atmosphere, go to one of the many Asian fusion style sushi joints.  If you are seeking the best sushi in a traditional style in Seattle, this is it.  Anyone who tells you otherwise simply does not know what they are talking about.Omakase.  At the bar.  Prepare to transcend to a higher plane of existence.  You will find inner peace and come to terms with the meaning of life and death.  The fears of the vastness of our the universe and the worries of the tyrannies of our society will wash away and a new understanding of simply why we exist will come into focus."Jiro Dreams of Sushi's" tamago chef (Daisuke Nakazawa) is front and center, expertly crafting world class tamago and sushi alongside with Shiro and the other masters.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,10/5/2012,171,247,4,7,6>I've never had my windows professionally (or otherwise) cleaned before. So I did not know quite what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by Crystal Green--not only by the very reasonable price ($100) for many windows (exterior) on a 4 story townhouse (including 2 skylights) but also by the level of professionalism shown by Eric (the owner?). Eric was quickly responsive to my initial call. He was actually able to give me an estimate while I was away from home. The overall quality of the work was excellent. There were a few missed spots (there was a new guy in the crew) and they forgot about the skylights (minus 1 star for that). But they were more than willing to rectify this issue when I brought it up. For the amount of money I paid relative to the amount and overall quality of the work, it was a bargain.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,10/4/2012,184,232,10,12,10>'Kellie. Kelllie..... Kellie???'Do you hear that? The Princess Torte is calling my name. *sigh* I will be back soon my Torte. Saturday afternoon was my first experience with Hoffman's.... and I plan on many more trips. Let me preface this though by saying... lately I have had a new obsession with bakeries. Borracchini's has kept me pretty tethered... and then I tried  Bakery Nouveau. More about those later... Hoffman's has a sweet staff, we were in there when the staff's family showed up, so fun... they even asked us if we were cold and if we wanted the doors open or closed. My friends and I ordered some tortes, Nikki has been talking about this place for ages, so halfway through the torte, I went back and ordered other goodies for home.. 3 chocolate thumbprint cookies (delish and super rich), one orange cookie (soft and yummy), one lemon tart (yuuuuummmmm, soooo gooood) and lastly, might be a tie for my favorite thing... the CHOCOLATE PECAN BAR! I am in sugar delirium!!!!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/2/2012,325,469,9,11,8>Bathtub Gin & Co. gets the honor of being my 400th review seeing as I had the best cocktail of my entire life here.Before I go into too many details I'd like to apologize to the majority of the people in my phone. I'm pretty sure I texted almost everyone I know that I would be dragging them here soon. It's that good. Plus I had a few drinks and who doesn't love texting when buzzed? I want to bring everyone I know here and come every single day. My friend wanted a good cocktail and of course Bathtub Gin popped into my head. We ended up going with the Dealer's Choice for the duration of the night. With the Dealer's Choice you specify what liquor you want and what flavor profile (sweet, savory, or sassy). I ordered a savory vodka... and wow. The bartender created the best drink I've probably ever had. While I have no idea what was in it (he told me and the only things I paid attention to were vodka and black pepper) I remember it was a brilliant mix of ingredients. It managed to be rich, smooth, refreshing... and it was strong since I accidentally forgot the ingredients.Over the next few hours we ordered a variety of Dealer's Choices. Sometimes with vodka, sometimes with rum, sometimes with whisky. The bartender delivered delicious drinks each and every time. He was friendly and while there was a decent crowd the quality of service and drink were impressive. They have an impressive list of cocktails but during future visits I see no reason not to just give the bartender carte blanche to make a delicious drink. I'll definitely be back and will be consuming delicious cocktails... and maybe drunk text everyone I know about how awesome this place is.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,10/1/2012,24,104,4,10,6>Say it with me...fries-en-burgers.  You want fries + burgers, well then this is the place to go! Today I was looking for a burger lunch spot and my fellow Yelpers guided me here.  This place is not your typical chain burger joint.  It's very much small town, good ol' mom and pop kind of shop.  The service was very friendly and personable.I tried the burger that shares the namesake with this establishment.  Double meat, double cheese, bacon, and one fried egg.  Really it's the fried egg that sold me, anytime I see that on the menu I have to order it.  The burger was delicious, not overly huge but a good size 1/2lb burger.  The fries look and taste almost identical to the fries at Red Robin.  One reviewer complained there was no seasoning or salt on the fries.  Well turns out that is on purpose, they want you to have choices.  Make sure you stop by the food window and add your choice of seasoning.  I saw Johnny's, regular salt, bacon salt, etc.All in all a great spot and I will be back again.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,9/30/2012,87,60,8,4,5>You know how sometimes you are all "Man, I really want to braise some duck gizzards tonight"? Or maybe "I'm tired of cooking vegetables I understand," or even "I sure wish I had an entire milk crate full of fish heads to choose from."No? Well, it's possible Hau Hau is not for you.But. If you like a good selection of wackily cheap produce (that, to be fair, you often need to use up quickly because they are often on the older end of the freshness spectrum), strange meats to satisfy some odd craving (my brother and I used to battle over who got the chicken heart, but when you buy them by the tray, there's no need for bickering), and an array of seafood choices from whole fish to the aforementioned heads, Hau Hau has your back. The staff is helpful in a vaguely puzzled why-is-this-large-man-asking-me-about-the-­seventeen-kinds-of-choy kind of way, and it's easy to buy a week's worth of food for twenty or thirty bucks. And browsing the food outside on the terrace is nice on pleasant days.So go, buy, and cook. And if you figure out how to make those tiny Indonesian eggplant things avoid both the bitter and mushy ends of the simmering continuum at once, let me know.Oh - tips - you can park in the underground lot if you need, and it's a $10 minimum to use a credit card. And hitting ten bucks at this place is harder than you think if you are just buying produce.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,9/29/2012,140,198,6,9,10>Something about going to The Tin Table makes me feel like a "grown up".  Just typing those words probably takes away that status! I've been twice now - once with my sweetie using a coupon deal, and the second time with a friend.  We received excellent service both times, with check-ins just frequent enough to be helpful, but not so often that we felt like we had to give away our table or were interrupted.  I want to go back and hang out in their little lounge.My first visit I had a fish dish (a special) that was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The second visit I made up my meal out of appetizers & bites, and enjoyed every bit of it (I also tasted my companion's steelhead and ratatouille, both were delicious).  The portions aren't gargantuan chain-restaurant size, but they taste as though they were made with care with great ingredients, and that's what I want when I go there.I've also been fortunate enough to enjoy the beignets for desserts (both visits).  They are so delightfully fluffy and light, and just sweet enough to feel like dessert (helped along by the powdered sugar).  The second visit they were cut into smaller triangles, which made them easier to eat in a tidy manner.  Accompanied by a small french press of decaf, they were a perfect end to a special meal.The location is tucked away upstairs, next to The Century Ballroom (which can have loud music - but it's never bothered me).  There is wheelchair access via a ramp on 10th, proceed inside up another (kinda steep) ramp, and then up in the elevator to the second floor.  It feels like a special little aerie, which is fun, and I'm glad I'm able to get up there!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,9/28/2012,176,500,9,13,12>Now this is a sando.I ordered the turkey sandwich online and when I went in to pick it up, it was the size of a premature baby.  I only ordered the 7 incher, but it was stacked so high with turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and pickles that I couldn't even bite it all at once! I ended up saving half for later, and surprisingly, these sandwiches taste even better after refrigerated for a couple hours.They use Boar's Head meat, which is always a positive thing and whatever bread they used was perfect for holding such a huge sandwich together. It's also nice to order online and have your order waiting for you when you arrive, or if you spend more than $15, you can get free delivery to your door!My only complaint is that extra veggies cost 30cents, which is what I had to pay to add pickles. I feel like when the sandwich is already nearly $10, adding a few measly pickles shouldn't be extra, but that's just me.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,9/27/2012,142,176,3,11,7>So, I've been waiting to write my review for Taqueria La Fondita #2 because I wanted to try enough of the menu to give an accurate rating. This place is a solid 4 stars and it's in my hood, so it doesn't get much better than that. I honestly can't remember the last time I went to an actual sit-down Mexican restaurant because this place is so delicious, cheap, and fast. It's also conveniently open from 10AM - 11PM, so I can pretty much have it whenever I want. I straight up love the steak tortas. SO GOOD. Toasted bread, nice ratio of veggies to meat, and it comes with avocado. Nommmms. Def my favorite thing I've eaten here thus far. Tacos are also great and I usually get the platter so I can get my rice & beans fix along with it. Sometimes the beans are on the salty side, but still good. I also LOVEEEE the grilled onion they give you with the tacos. The caramelization from the onion adds a nice bit of sweetness to the tacos. Also love all of the pickled sides you get. I've had the carnitos de puerco as well - good and a ton of food, but had too many onions in it and I felt like that detracted from the meaty goodness of the dish.All in all, amazing food for the low! THEY TAKE CARDS and there is a little area where you can sit and wait or have your food there. There's also a small heater in there so you don't freeze. And if you're lucky, the corn stand next door will be open :)What are you waiting for? Quit being a wimp and get your butt down to White Center so you can try this place!!!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,9/26/2012,204,515,6,10,6>This place moved into what was once the Online Coffee on 14th and Pine.  Passing by it several times, I thought it was simply a bakery that served coffee.  Suprised to find that it is actually a Chinese restaurant with full bar and chinese bakery.  Who knew!?  The place looks more modern looking then your average chinese joint.  The menu is a mix of Chinese American (aka Chimerican aka Panda Express) favorities like General Tso's Chicken and some other more authentic offerings.   stuff I got:Beef Chow Fun (gon chow ngau ho): decent rendition, slippery beefy noodles!salt and pepper squid:  a late night staple!sole filet with vegetables: just okaymushrooms stir fried with eggplant: holy hannah thats a lot of mushrooms!  They also have a wide selection of chinese buns/pasteries that you could choose from.  Service was very good and friendly.  They are open til 2am on friday and saturday which is a much welcome later night option up in that area! check them out!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,9/25/2012,209,497,5,7,3>Everything in life needs to come in pie form it would be much easier than sandwiches . I have been here a couple times and I am torn whether I like Savory or sweet pies more. The triple pig with 3 types of pork and gravy is unreal and a broccoli cheddar was unreal. My favorite sweet pie is the Key lime.The crust on all is the perfect thickness without being messy or too hard.  THIS PLACE IS A REASON TO COME TO SEATTLE CENTER!! The Armory is really turning it around with great local food selections and this is the star!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,6/14/2009,57,80,20,10,15>Pants are evil. Consider the facts:1. Pants are time-consuming. One leg in, pull up, second leg in, pull up, bring around butt, carefully zip and button.  Don't you have better things to do with your mornings? You could be hitting the snooze button, making out with your significant other, or eating an egg sandwich. Let alone when "opportunity rises" if you get my drift. Efficiency matters, boys - and that's one advantage of the Utilikilt. 2. Pants are unnatural. Did our ancestors wear pants? Oh, sure, our shmucky great-great-grandparents might have, but there's no way a prehistoric man could run down his meals in the hot Middle Earth sun for 26+ miles at a time plus wearing pants. Utilkilts, however, are much less constraining. And less hot...in the literal sense only.3. Pants are uncomfortable. Guys are always wearing belts to keep them up, or unbuttoning the top button after a big meal. And men are hairy and sweaty, as a general rule (from what I've heard, anyway). Keeping all of that hair and sweat trapped in fabric all day is a recipe for a stinky man by evening - the prime mating time. The Utilikilt bypasses that ick-factor - and is one step closer to the Utilidress, which surely will fix all belt/button issues, and be sure to help attract all objects of desire. (That's what dresses do for me, in any event!) 4. Pants are a cruel construct of the matriarchy, designed to keep men subservient, while women freely move around, far more comfortable and efficient in dresses. This is obviously why females are dominating in grade point averages at high schools and universities across the country, landing more teaching and cocktail waitress positions, and are being laid off less frequently than their male counterparts in this recession. (I'm sure that last one isn't related AT ALL to women making 75 cents to the dollar to their male counterparts in most industries.) The Utilikilt is one step closer to equality. UNITE, MEN, AND BURN YOUR PANTS!I've made my point. Now, convincing my argyle-wearing corporate boyfriend to trade his khakis in? That's a bigger job. I'll try to get it done before the next Yelp event, but I'm not making any promises. Or bets.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,6/10/2009,718,1048,11,19,19>Tonight I discovered my love for Octopus Tacos...I got a couple of the octopus tacos, 2 chicken fries??, and one pigbelly lentil. The octopus and chicken were my favorites, I think. I'm not sure if I loved them a LOT because I was hungry and wine-drunk or because they're just that dang good, but I scarfed them down and was happy all the way through!The only downer was the wait. I think we waited about 10 minutes (or more). Good in the sense of they were actually COOKING, bad in the sense of "I want my tacos!!!"The gal working had a few moments where she got confused because we hadn't said "to-go" and hadn't specified that we wanted separate bags (even though we paid separately), but... whatever... I'm sure they're still figuring out some kinks.Probably best for folks who are in the 'hood drinking, hungry, and/or too lazy to cook and craving tasty tacos... but I'm happy I went, happy I finally tried octopus tacos, and I definitely plan to come back! (Oh and I hope Shirley and Patrick enjoyed theirs as much as I did!)Viva la Tako Truk!! Or.. you know... somethin' like that.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,6/9/2009,65,92,20,14,13>'Woohoo, as good as it gets,' indeed.  Yummy, sexy food.I had Lemon Curd French Toast; after much deliberation I tried to go for the most unusual brunch menu item, feeling saucy as I was.The madam was prompt in delivering all the goods, including the java foreplay, and when my plate sat spread-eagle in front of me, I was slightly intimidated by the rather large blueberries straddling the fat slices of lemon curd-soaked challah.  A naughty slathering of whipped cream left little to the imagination.  I felt a little compelled to cover up the exposed areas of the toast- I dunno, call me a conservative.  I gingerly carried the plate in my arms to the "toppings bar," where I found some appealing fresh fruit compotes, pastie-sized raisins, candied walnuts and a bowl of more of the accentuating whipped cream that is freshly whipped and properly fluffed.I delicately inserted a forkful of the heaping mound to my eager mouth and slumped into my chair, immediately gratified.  I'm now a Portage Bay whore.  Anyone got twelve bucks?
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,6/8/2009,117,196,8,7,8>I spend a lot of time at Bliss Soap so when Phil raved about the noodle delight at the Thai place next door, the look on my face was one of sheer confusion - what thai place next door?Perhaps I've developed tunnel vision while navigating the seemingly endless construction on Broadway, because I could swear this space had been covered up with plywood and flyers forever. Phil looked at me as if I were simple and explained that the owner had been remodeling the space and the food was amazing. It was getting late, I was hungry *and* lazy - so in my dining companion and I went.As we approached, I furrowed my brow. The outside was inviting, warm, and beautiful without being gaudy, bright, or ostentatious. Meaning - "HOW did I miss this place, again? Am I blind?! Hm." We walked inside and were immediately seated. I actually felt underdressed, but not unwelcome.Our host was friendly. Maybe *too* friendly. He was very attentive to the point of me becoming suspicious - did he think I was a health inspector? Liquor control board? Hmmmm. Okay. Maybe I'm just being paranoid. He took our drink and appetizer order and hurried away.Within 5 minutes our actual waiter came over. For a solid minute we weren't actually sure with whom to place our order, but in the end confirmed out appetizer order of the calamari and ordered the Noodle Delight and a soup (Won Ton?) to share.Delicious. Scrumptious. Delightful. nomnomnom-alicious. I'm always hesitant to order calamari because it's the one dish that's easy to screw up, and you end up using the dipping sauce to cover up obvious shortcomings in ingredient quality and preparation. Rom Mai Thai has achieved exalted status: the calamari was *perfectly* prepared. Not at all spongy or chewy - it was light, flavorful, and without the taste of oil used to fry it in.  The sauce was a solid complement, but they didn't need it. I had to admonish my companion twice for not eating fast enough lest I scarf all of it down. The won-ton soup was light, balanced, and *simple* (General note: pls stop adding extra random crap to distract me from crappy broth - kthxbai). The hostess even brought out two small bowls and a serving spoon before I could ask!Price was scandalously reasonable, service with sincere, eager, and interested smiles all around. The owner came out while we were paying the check and was extremely nice. You could tell the entire staff was very happy to be there and couldn't wait to see you again. I've never been in a restaurant where everyone was so happy. EVER.I think it's going to become my go-to place on the hill.  Because um, seriously - I can't wait to eat here again.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,6/7/2009,52,188,9,9,9>Okay, to feel like a Seattleite, you must do what Seattleites do. You must eat at Dicks. Better yet, blast "My Posse's on Broadway" on your car stereo while heading to the Broadway Dick's with your car packed with friends and order yourself a Dick's Deluxe. Things to know about Dicks's:1. They aren't Burger King, you can't have it your way.2. The staff know your total without needing to punch it in. 3. Don't whine because you're charged 5 cents for ketchup or tarter. 4. Their tarter sauce is muy delicioso! 5.  They make their fries fresh.6. It's not health food. 7. They don't have tables, you eat in your car or take it home. It's a Seattle classic and a tradition for my boyfriend and I to spend our meager poker winnings on dinner after our game.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,6/6/2009,316,105,8,9,12>This is without a doubt my favorite Seattle discovery of 2009.  I'm a huge fan of Stumptown next door, and had heard great things about Presse, so I was excited when my BFF Linda L and her sister suggested going here for a late lunch this past summer.  I had a nicoise salad, which was incredible, and kept sneaking bites of my dining companions' food, which included a ham baguette and divine frites with mayo.  Amazing.  The espresso was also top-notch, and a perfect glass of rose completed a perfect summer meal.Fast forward to this winter, insomnia, and stress...it happens to all of us at some point.  I learned that Presse is indeed open until 2AM every day, which made it the perfect alternative to an IHOP gut bomb.  I've been there about 4 times in the last 2 weeks between the hours of 10 and 2.  One evening, I wrote a rough draft for a research proposal while drinking a perfect capuccino and enjoying a perfectly sized omelette with mushrooms, herbs and ham.  On another occasion, I ordered the divine salad verte with a glass of the bartender's recommended red wine (4 dollars!!!) with some bread, butter and another capuccino.  Most recently, last night in fact, I was out with BFFs Adam C and Linda L and found myself hungry and decidedly un-tired at 11:30PM.  Presse delivered once again, with another amazing omelette, beet salad that I will be craving like crazy, capuccino, and some of the most adorable bartenders and servers known to man.  Plus, when I walked in they were playing Prince's "Pink Cashmere" and when I left it was Beyonce.  So fun.  I always feel sexy and cool here, and the service is just my style-- attentive but not overly chatty.  The staff has always been super adorable and good about suggestions.  The atmosphere is spot-on and the price is right.  What's not to love?  Now, I just need to get some sleep and try Presse for brunch...
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,6/5/2009,114,197,18,19,15>Ok. I said I wasn't going to do it. I said I would never yelp about my waxings, but here is the deal. I found the Wax Bar because of yelp. Because of the brave women who got on the net and shouted loud and proud where they go to inflict pain on themselves that is oh so worth it when it is all said and done. Karen is my girl and she rocks! Funny, personable, efficient, and fast. She doesn't give me a second to think, which I appreciate. I tried talking her out of what she was getting ready to do to me today, but she kept on trucking with her wooden stick, waxing strips, and warm blue wax. She has mad skills and loves what she does. Super impressed with her.They serve beer for $2.00-$3.00 if you need it as well as Aveda products, trendy purses, earrings, necklaces, and other accessories. Each room is private, equipped with soothing music and low lighting. Atmosphere is clean, waiting area is funky, and everyone who works there is nice and proud of what they do. You're a real American hero, Wax Bar. I salute you.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2009,6/4/2009,293,280,7,8,7>Eso cabron!!!  The tortas of Barriga Llena are very authentic and built to satisfy.  Seriously, some of the other places attempting to make tortas around town should take a field trip to this place so that the cooks stop putting their mothers to shame.  I ordered the toluquena, the carne asada and chorizo combination...delicious.  The bread has a nice light bolillo texture and the proportion of avocado was the best I've had on a torta in Seattle so far.  The little things make all the difference.It's nice to find a place that cares enough to use all authentic ingredients and have some attention to detail.  La Barriga lets you choose from the variety of tortas common from the street vendors of Mexico:  from hawaiiana to suiza (Swiss) to alemana (German-style)...The ambiance also takes you back to D.F. with photos of the great mariachi boats of Xochimilco, the traffic of La Reforma (downtown Mexico City), and many other things.  You'll leave with una barriga llena (full belly) y bien feliz tambien.--------------------------A few final comments:  Thanks for tipping me off on this one Yelpers.  Also, they need to hire a new food artist.  The photos of the tortas at the place on the lit up menu were much worse than the real thing!  They didn't do much justice to how good the tortas really looked or tasted.Also, if you've never tried a torta in Mexico or don't really enjoy Mexican street foods, this place may not be for you.  I had a friend yesterday who had never been to Mexico tell me that she did not enjoy this place so much.  That's fine; it's a free country, sister.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,6/3/2009,290,767,11,15,13>A friend and I decided to come here for tea.  They suggest you make reservations, so I did, though we were one of like 4 tables actually occupied at noon on a weekday.  The tea was everything you'd expect.  Great tea, nice food, and feeling all prim and proper for a while.  If you're not used to over the top service, prepare yourself for here.  The wait staff makes sure that your dining experience is amazing.  Coat check, pulling out the chair, placing napkin in your lap - all the formalities that I try not to giggle at are here!The tea was great.  I had the peppermint one and it was delightful.  The tower of food included 2 scones, 4 finger sandwiches, and 4 desserts for each person.  For $35+tax per person, this is a great way to spend an afternoon when you feel like a bit of a splurge and being treated like royalty.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2009,6/2/2009,35,173,10,7,11>I have a really bad selfish tendency to not review places that I absolutely LOVE. I like to keep these places on the DL, but I'll get over it for El Diablo Coffee Co. because they deserve their props. They do everything perfect! I've been racking my brain to even list one thing I don't like about this place and all I could come up with is that sometimes their wood door is hard to open when it's cold out. That's it! Everything else is perfect!The only thing that stops me from visiting them everyday is the fact that they're on the top of Queen Anne and my butt is too lazy to hike up the counterbalance everyday. PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD OPEN A LOCATION IN LOWER QUEEN ANNE!Normally when I order coffee I get americanos, but here I prefer to order either their Café con Leche or Cortadito.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2008,5/16/2008,53,99,6,14,14>Another feature about the MOHAI that we recently discovered is that they sell reproductions of a ton of old photographs of everything from old buildings and the Needle, neighborhoods, old downtown and Rainier photos, famous Seattle-tonians, etc.  I'm talking thousands.  It is fascinating to search their website and see all of the images they have available for sale.  And it is really inexpensive.  It is a great way to decorate your home or office with a little bit of local nostalgia (even if you aren't from here, you can still appreciate it).  Go ahead--look up your neighborhood.  You'll be amazed at how it has (or maybe hasn't) changed over the years.  Prints are cheap and come in various sizes.  Downside is (and reason for only 4 stars) is that you have to order over the phone and go and pick them up (I'm a little lazy).
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2008,5/15/2008,942,857,10,13,15>holy gnocchi :) hahahhahwhy I love places like this..small menudecent pricingnice ambiancehomemade tastingdid I mention the gnocchi?or the linguini ... or the pasta sheets? geeze they taste so damn authentic it makes my mouth water talking about it.. But I've been there when they were a little off so that docks off a star!!!! but all in all great date place :)
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,5/14/2008,141,930,12,16,13>I think this might be my gay boyfriend #2 (GBF#2) and my 'spot' if you know what I mean. *wink wink* I've been here twice with him once for dinner and once for brunch.  And being a lover of Baja styled Mexican food I had high hopes for this place and guess what I'd say they were met.For dinner I went simple like I learned to do long ago.  A dry bean and cheese (on the inside) burrito with sour cream.  I was informed the refried beans were vegan and I have to admit the thought of vegan beans scared me it really did but I went with it anyways.  Guess what?  Those were the bestest refried beans I've had in Seattle, and to think they were somewhat healthy for me.  Imagine that!  They used both Oaxaca and manchego cheese which reminded me of San Diego style food and put a smile on my face. I also ordered a side of guacamole for the chips which was fresh and tasty I was impressed.  Oh and I had a pomegranate margarita as well and I'm not a fan of margaritas but theirs was good didn't have that awful tequila taste even though it was made with tequila, go figure.For brunch I went with the huevos rancheros.  They were good, eggs were cooked perfectly, the corn tortillas could have been fried just a little longer for my liking but they were fresh and appeared homemade and the beans they were just as delicious as the night I had them for dinner in my burrito with my GBF#2.He doesn't know this yet but next time my GBF#2 and I go to our 'spot' we're going for happy hour because get this they have taco's (fish, steak and/or cheese and potato) for $1.50!  Yes $1.50 and it's not just Taco Tuesday its Taco Tuesday through Sunday from 3pm to 6pm!  Hello taco Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday here I come for you!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2008,5/12/2008,47,72,16,21,21>"Hey, you guys hungry?""Dude, starvin'""Let's smoke a bowl and go get somethin' to eat"A group of teen age boys make their way down an alley. One boy reaches out and punches another in the arm as he giggles and runs ahead a few paces."Hey,quit fuckin' around, it's right there", says the one now rubbing his upper arm.   The boys file up to the wall where there is a chain link fence separating them from racks and racks of cooling bread.  The skinniest of them all takes off his frayed jean jacket. His pale skin reddens, kissed by the brisk October air. His slender arm reaches longingly through a gap between the dirty alley wall and the steel fence post. Fingers stretched, he is just able to reach one of the racks and pulls it close to the fence.   Very quickly the boys all end up with two baguettes each, one for each arm and back down the alley the trod, victoriously."Let's go get some peanut butter." "... and some beer, dumbass" , and the boy receives yet another playfully hard sock on the arm.         *There was no Orion center when I was a kid*The Orion Center is a great example of how a healthy society should operate. Open to youth ages 13 to 21, It offers a safe, open place where teens and young adults can access a multitude of services.Free meals, showers, lockers, laundry, HIV Case Management, barista training with a certain amount of job placement and so much more.....Direction, mentoring, hope. The youth is our future. ttp://www.youthcare.org/orioncenter.cfm
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,5/11/2008,264,858,21,13,18>Door closed....OONZ OONZ OONZ....Door open....YEEEEEAAAAAHHH, OOOOHHHH,  DOOOOOO YOOOOOOUUUUU BEEEEELIEVE IN LUV.... Ala Cher....Door closed...OONZ OONZ OONZ....Veggie-girl, our oldest, luvs this place.  So much so she forces me to drive from Shoreline to drop her off and then come back later to wait outside until the show is over around "Midnight" on a school night no less!!!  With the multitude of shows she has attended here with her buddy, recently she decided to do a school project and contact them if she could do a "job shadow" for her class.  Needless to say, a 1 hour project ended up being 2.5 hours long, she didn't mind, but Mom sure did, she had to wait around to pick her up and bring her home.  But she did get a boat load of "kewl" stuff to take home and she was put on "The List" for FREE admission to a show last week!  She was stoked, my wording here, I was tired the next day from the 12:23AM pick up, but she was happy....All ages shows, and solid sound proofing make it a nice neighbor...
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2007,5/10/2008,251,244,11,15,13>****UPDATE 4/7/08******* I have now been to Showbox SoDo for an actual show. With Ben P. as the bar manager, the bar areas are still operating smoothly and efficiently. No problems there. The sound was good, but as another shorty it was hard to appreciate the show from the back bar on the main floor. The part that really threw me off (and caused me to dock this place a star) was when the security guy who had just let fellow Yelper Will L. in with barely a glance at the stamp on his wrist decided to grab my wrist and gander at my stamp for almost a full minute before letting me pass through, saying that he forgot what the stamp looked like for the show. Interesting when he had seen it on Will's wrist not 5 seconds before....****END UPDATE****Admittedly, I've only been here for three YHHs, but I have to say it gets better everytime...Next test is to go there for an actual show, though either way for me the location is much better than downtown - way more free parking possiblities and a few other non-douche bars in the 'hood.The drinks are made well and made fast by topnotch rockstar bartenders (including a fellow Yelper and one of MY favorites - Benjamin P.), the pizzas are fantastic and there's plenty of space to have a get together with pretty much any size group.Sound checks can be a bit of a downer, but have a few more drinks and you won't even notice....P.S. Rumor is that in the not-too-distant future, the facility will be upgraded to be more similar to the Showbox at the market, and will be an even better venue for shows!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2007,5/8/2008,116,228,12,11,13>The single most popular dish at Szechuan Chef is, without a doubt, the hot pot, a fondue-like dish in which you cook your food in a clear or spicy broth. On any given evening, you'll find 40 to 60% of the patrons partaking of this popular dish. But to go to Szechuan Chef merely for the hot pot would be a waste. For some of the best Szechuanese cuisine in the area is to be found here. Particularly good are the chilled spicy beef appetizer, spicy beef stew, dry fried green beans and Ants Climbing a Tree (a savory noodle dish). Overall, the food is fresh and freshly-prepared. It has good flavor and texture, and is as authentic as the stuff in Sichuanese restaurants in China and other parts of Asia. Once caveat is  that this type of regional cuisine can be rather greasy (although this shouldn't be too much of a concern as it is meant to be eaten with rice).Service is generally quite good. You're promptly seated (as soon as a table opens up, if there's a line) and things show up in good time. The last time we were there, the food was brought out astonishingly quickly - our entire order (5 items) showed up in under 15 minutes. When the place is packed, service can be a bit slow - especially if you're looking for refills for your hot pot. But not so bad that I'd complain about it.Pricing is also reasonable. Appetizers run around 6$, eat-with-rice entrees hover in the 8 to 10 range. Portions can range from h-u-g-e (spicy beef stew, for example) to typical Chinese restaurant size. I haven't really paid attention to hot pot prices but do remember that they're not out of line with the other places. So, somewhere in the 11 to 14$ range for dinner. It's all-you-can-eat - now you know why it's so popular.Oh, a word about the interior. The style is Garish Sino-Opulent (don't bother looking it up, I just invented it). Deep orange walls with black accents. Faux marble table tops with thick stubby pseudo-Greek (or perhaps Roman?) columnar bases. While not out of place if located in China, the interior did hurt my tender, naive, design sensibilities. But not so badly that I would not eat here again. Often, even.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,5/6/2008,367,192,62,44,41>When you're the laziest person on earth what do you do when you move? a. Overachieve and do it yourself? b. Rent a U-haul and go over to 1st at Battery and hire a couple of shady workers who loiter by the sidewalk? c. Go hire someone else to deal with your problem? Like you really needed me to tell you what option I chose. So I had the gargantuan move of a lifetime. I had to move my stuff two whole blocks down the street. Now for most people that would be a piece of cake but lest you forget the man involved is L-A-Z-Y! *and fat too*I was moving from a 3 bedroom house to a 2 bedroom apartment. I'm a girly man so if it doesn't involve me lifting a sandwich to my mouth or holding a pint of beer I'm not going to be into it. So after reading through pages of questionable Craigslist posts  I decided to go the safe route and hire the highly rated Adam's Moving Service because I really do care for my only possessions of value: my xbox and collection of Haribo Gummy Bears. I emailed Adam and I went with his suggestion with a moving truck and three movers for $90/hr. Being as cheap as I am lazy I moved all the small stuff (dishes, books, clothes) on my own. I still had 20 large boxes of junk of lots of furniture. In what took me a full day to move they moved in less than a hour. The furniture was trickier as they had to pad it and slowly move it all down the stairs. Nonetheless they did an outstanding job and nothing was damaged. I also found it amazing how trustworthy they are. I walked back and forth between the house and the new apartment fully expecting them to take a smoke break when I was gone. Everytime I returned the movers were still working hard. Thanks god these guys aren't my coworkers or else my boss would realize how lazy I am and make me sit next to Milton in the basement. Billing will include a fuel surcharge and the 4 hour move went over $400. Plus the $100 tip and I wouldn't say it was cheap but at end it's the high price you pay to be lazy. So I guess the final equation comes down to Adams Moving Service = Hard Working Professionals. Dfens = Still the laziest person on earth.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,5/5/2008,24,17,9,13,11>Coming from California it was imperative that I find a good Mexican food restaurant. I thought this might be a daunting task for 2 reasons:1 THIS IS SEATTLE 2.THIS IS SEATTLE, and 5 months into my move not so good luck. Until that first day at Jaliscos and that awesome tortilla soup and Cadillac margarita.....SO TASTY...... But the best part about this place is that is directly next door. YES GOOD CHOICE ON A CONDO!!!!!!!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2008,5/3/2008,106,122,25,10,12>I heart Grinders with every ounce of my being.  I want to grow old with their chicken parmesan grinders.  I want to have babies with their ciabatta grinder.  And I want the meatball grinder to be my secret lover - the one I sneak out of the house in the middle of the night for.   The Stromboli Grinder and I once had a one-night-stand.  It showed my mouth more pleasure than it has ever seen before - that means it likes me back, right?   Let me know when you're on your way to Grinder's so I can walk down the street to meet you there.  I'll find any excuse to come here!PS:  It's closed Sunday - Tuesday.  Cockblock!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,7/27/2009,73,274,10,13,12>Just picked up my Zaw Savory Savary piz 'za and it's in the oven...........stay tuned.I will say this, as it's cooking. I really like that they sell wine and beer in store, I can respect that they do bike delivery, (even if I didn't use it), and the way the pizza looked before putting it in the oven? What? It looked like real food! (that's in opposition to other take and bake 'za's that look more industrial in nature.Mmmm mmmm, I can't wait to chomp on down! Maybe I'll take a bite of the undone masterpiece....mmm, raw meat and pizza dough!Ok, I'm back and the verdict is in........dee-licious! I had to amend  the cooking instructions on the package (and on the website), as the pizza was done in only 7 minutes, vs. the 10-12 the instructions called for. Luckily, I have the nose of a German Sheppard and 'sniffed it out.'A couple things I didn't add in the pre-eating part of the review: we opted for the olive oil base instead of the tomato base, and chose the whole wheat crust option. I must commend my sweetie for the whole wheat choice and must commend my sense of judgment for the olive oil--b/c the pizza, with the fresh, "real," organic ingredients, combined with a couple of 'tweaks' was mmmmm mmmmm!"zaw-artisan pizza in the raw"Well, yeeeeehaw!!!!!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,7/26/2009,300,256,8,12,11>Perfect for a really special evening out. Just the right way to kick off a weekend of celebrating. Crisp lace curtains and a rustic atmosphere made me feel that I was dining on a low-lying hill, overlooking patchwork fields of wheat and sorghum and other Italian crops. We pulled in at five for a last-minute dinner reservation. They were eager to seat us and offered us the bar seats as an alternative. Bar overlooks the kitchen so you get a front-row view of the preparation, which would be lovely when the restaurant is bustling. Its special occasion pricy but I think the ingredients and service were worth it. Sparkling water soothed the hunger while we pored over their small but creative menu. The anchovies in piemontese green sauce with crumbled egg were salty, yet fresh. Nothing like those oil-soaked, briny monstrosities from supermarket. These tasted good and very unique. The heirloom chicory and roast rabbit salad was too bitter with the anchovies, but would hold up well with a more neutral appetizer pairing.  Though simple, the hand cut noodles with ragu won for entrée. I was so disappointed to read that others had a negative experience with that dish because it was spot on when I ate there! Its right by the new Cupcake Royale and Molly Moon's, so those would be loevely dessert options after a short stroll. However, they just hired a new dessert chef who is supposed to be brilliant. I'll get back to you on that.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,7/25/2009,76,510,7,8,7>Boehm's is great for stopping in after your hike at Snoqualmie Falls. The Swiss chalet building with HUGE lettering can be seen from the freeway, not to mention the dozen mentions on various signs you drive past. You cannot resist.The door is heavy like Jens J. mentioned, but that's to keep the chocolate fresh and to get a mini workout before coming in (that's what I told myself as I hefted that thing open, haha). We were greeted by 3 employees and a healthy breath of OMG!chocolateeee! Weee.Where to begin? They have all kinds of chocolate, including sugar-free. I was feeling overwhelmed so I went up to the lady serving samples. They were French Cookie, which is crumbled up French cookies (wafers) and melted w/ chocolate. It sounded kind of "eh" to me, but it was SO GOOD. I dumped the box of truffles I held and grabbed a couple boxes of the French Cookie. Yum!They also sold fruit bars made w/ coconut milk (kind of random), which made them so very rich. It was cute when we bought one to share, because the lady opened it and then put a little paper skirt along the bottom of the pop to catch the drips.They do factory tours but we visited outside their tour season. :(The next time we head out to the Falls we are definitely stopping in, I wonder what they'll be sampling because I will buy it so hard!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,7/24/2009,72,240,9,9,11>It's been too many years Five Point, and now I can't remember WHY I stayed away so long! Oh wait - it's coming back: I used to stumble into you after Last Call for "breakfast", downing cup after cup of coffee and drinking gallons of water in hopes I could avoid post-vodka haze sickness. Now that I'm an old lady who pretty much stays home every weekend, I thought I'd hit you up for actual Breakfast and see if I remembered you correctly. And I did! Your food was REALLY good, there were PILES of it, it was cheap(!) - you played awesome music, and I love, love, love LOVE your dive-y attitude, our waitress -- and the fact that there were regulars perched at the bar drinking vodka/tonics at noon. Not to mention that my breakfast was still sizzlin'/cookin' right on the table after you brought it out (on a skillet). You re-won my stomach & my heart. I will definitely be back!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,7/23/2009,71,114,15,12,10>If you are even looking up the Rickshaw on here for research on its food, paying attention to this review will be a lost cause for you.If you, like me, treasure ghetto karaoke and questionable atmosphere, well, keep on reading!Sunday night = industry night = $2 WELLS!Songbook = not the best... but lots of standards and karaoke classix.Monitor = early 90s karaoke "music videos" ! YEAHHHH SONWaitstaff = awesome. And nonjudgmental.Patrons = an intriguing mix of young, old, talented, horrendous...Overall experience = EPIC.If you want to drink and sing, head north to the Rickshaw and never look back. 24/7 karaoke. Nothing can stop you now.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,7/22/2009,125,131,18,16,13>Bleu is the perfect date spot. Almost to perfect. I remember taking a date here once and the waiter looked at me and said "You I know" then he looked at my date and said "you I don't". You know its bad when you are using dates as a way to go out and eat. My welsh charm and wit barely got me out of that one. Bleu is one of the more unique restaurants in Seattle. I like having an excuse to grab a drink here or possibly the spinach ravioli. The atmosphere is intimate and story book romantic. They have these tiny booths that you can sit in and pull the curtains on. Once in your cozy little romantic cocoon of happiness you cannot help but feel somewhat romantic if not entirely. In your cocoon of romance (I have been watching a lot of venture brothers lately) there are sometimes candles, sometimes mirrors and always those cool curtains. If you make reservations ask for one of the booths up front. When you get towards the back they open up a bit more. Bleu is a must for someone looking for fun, romance or a memorable night.This place is across the street from rite aide and is the last stop on the capitol hill perfect date.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,7/21/2009,422,220,17,14,11>I have always loved you. You and your little gift shop, Kinokuniya Bookstore, food court and validated parking. But I don't think you liked me or my wallet very much because you tried to take it away from me every time I came in.I always thought you were a tad on the expensive side but yesterday you proved me wrong! All I wanted was 2 or 3 potatoes but $0.99 for a 5 lb. bag I had to have them all. I don't know what I'm going to do with all of them but I will not go hungry (for spuds) ever again. The carrots and onions were a pretty good deal too; was it $0.59 a pound? I can't remember, I'm still floored by your potatoes.You and I both know this was a love-hate relationship but slowly you're winning me over.. it's a love-love thing now.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,7/20/2009,8,32,10,12,9>First of all, people, it's called a MACARON. It's a delicate little French cookie. A macaroon - what most of us Americans are used to - is that classic, dry, dense cookie we've all had at Grandma's one time or another. However, macaroons are not what I came to write about. (In fact, I hate them.)I came to tell everyone that this place is utterly charming, in a lovely location (though only seconds away from nasty traffic, it's on a quiet residential road) and serves the most delicious array of macarons. The staff was super polite and helpful with suggestions when I asked for advice on which macarons to pick out. I failed to select only one or two and went home with a box and some bags of each and every flavor. The lavender and the coconut are positively heavenly... the coconut in particular is truly to-die-for. The meringue is oh-so light and airy with just the right eggshell consistency on the outside, and the inside - moist, chewy, and immensely flavorful.   could even taste the texture of coconut in the filling and I am quite sure I was making some "happy noises" while devouring it.  And so that other pastries aren't entirely ignored... I also picked up a Strawberry Danish which was super buttery, flakey, and not too rich. I am quite certain that Honore is going to be my summertime hot spot.  ...and yeah, I'll be hitting up the elliptical for the next few days.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,7/19/2009,53,99,7,8,8>From the moment I first walked by, I felt the large chicken in the window beckoning to me--"come in, take us for a spin."  This was the only restaurant of the Tom Douglas dynasty of which I had not been.  Then finally, eureka!  A work sponsored dinner!  Yippee!  The chicken awaits!The table ordered several appetizers, including the chicken wings, ravioli, lavender fondue, and tuna pate.  By far, the best part of the whole evening was the chicken wing (sorry, little chicken-in-the-window friend).  Not your typical wing, but rather just wood fired grilled--no sauce, no battter--it ain't needed.  Superb!  Tablemates raved about the ravioli as well.  Tuna pate was ok.I then had the Whole Oregon Trout, substituting spinach for kale.  Yum!  The waitress also filleted my fish for me at the table--quick as a whip.  I tried to get her to feed me too, but I guess that was a little weird.  Nice preparation, nice taste, not too heavy.  Others had the burger--allegedly the best burger in town.  They were not disappointed.  The creamy pasta with Berkshire bacon looked heavenly.Then dessert--the hazlenut pudding is fantastic, and of course, the coconut cream pie (you can get mini ones at Dahlia Bakery so you don't feel so badly about calories).  Quite a treat!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2009,7/18/2009,38,51,14,11,10>When was the last time you got a mani AND a pedi for $25? Never, right? Book an appointment at Queen Bee and prepare to have your nail world rocked forever. I've never really cared for massage chairs. Call me crazy, but I just don't enjoy being molested by my chair while I try to unwind. But yesterday, I met a massage chair that really agreed with me. While my winter feet were scrubbed away, I let the chair work its magic. Suddenly, I felt my butt being squeezed and massaged, and after a long run yesterday, I gotta tell you -- it was pleasant. TMI? Sorry. I speak the truth. After my feet got pretty, I nervously walked over to the manicure station. I take my stress out on my poor little fingers and was feeling pretty self-conscious about having them examined up-close and personal. My manicurist was the consummate professional, even when she looked at my saddest, hang-nailed finger and commented, "this one must be veryyyyy delicious." And now? I hardly recognize the adorable, short vampy nails that are typing this review. Thank goodness Jenni K. hooked us up with the appointments -- she really has her finger on the pulse of the beauty salon scene. This place offers excellent service for an incredible price. I'm hard-pressed to think of a better value in the city. Knowing me, I'll eff up my nails in no time. Thank goodness I can afford to go back.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,4/12/2014,131,213,7,10,10>I love Macrina! It's such a guilty pleasure. I  frequent Macrina whenever I happen to work in Belltown.They have good coffee, great service and even better baked goods. They make the best potato bread I have ever had. Goes great in sandwiches or as toast with some butter. I literally can eat a whole loaf on my own. They also come in little rolls too which are good with soup. I really love the coffee cake, muffins and cookies they have too. Though their pastries and baked goods are good I like their bread products more than I like all their other stuff.I have yet to try their brunch or their breakfast sandwiches which will be next on my to eat list. Macrina is an awesome bakery and a great place to get a bite and a cup of coffee for breakfast.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/11/2014,232,382,13,16,14>I went to the breakfast Happy Hour at Lost Lake today before work and it was awesome.  I was stuffed for less than $10 and the server was really attentive and didn't ask a lot of questions (which is nice because I don't have many answers at 6:30am).* They have insanely cheap HH food specials (6-9am & 4-6pm) * They have an awesome bar with awesome barstools and an awesome dining room with awesome ceilings walls and furniture in it.  And awesome light fixtures.Seriously, it's right out of a Tarantino movie.  I love diners with that retro design from the 50's, 60's and 70's...they stir up so many memories of my grandparents, roadtrips to forgotten towns with roadside diners, Waffle Houses, and countless anonymous movie and TV scenes where the characters are eating at a greasy spoon diner.  That this is a newly built restaurant makes the authentic retro interior even more awesome.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/10/2014,179,284,8,16,13>Ok, Glassblowing, it's Seattle so that seems like a great thing to do.  And, guess what?? It was a great thing to do!  My cutie and I took a 4 hour class last Sat.  We showed up and after we signed all the paperwork that basically says, molten glass is really hot, be careful, we met our instructor.  Mike Holden, he took us through all sorts of safety issues, and then started to teach us how to work with glass.  It was great.  He had a great teaching style, an English accent, and was also funny... bonus!  We left feeling like we learned something and we made a few things too.  It will probably surprise you, but molten glass is really really hot and actually hard to work with.  I have a whole new appreciation for people who are glass artists, because it's harder than it looks.The whole Studio is just great.  They have beautiful examples of glass art, glass jewelry and apparently the largest selection of tools and glass supplies for glassworks in the Seattle area.  The setting for the class is a big clean studio area.  They had several classes going at the same time, so there is some space awareness that has to be paid attention to.  Nothing funny about running into someone with hot glass on a stick.  The people working here are friendly and knowledgable, and I felt like the studio was run very safely.Someone once told me that it's better to buy experiences than it is to buy things.  I believe that, and I would highly recommend this experience.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,4/9/2014,786,852,15,24,21>Enthusiasts, welcome? I'm yours, Brimmer & Heeltap. How shall I count the ways...Charming, cozy and a killer kitchen.Topping your cocktail program, you had me at Ballardvardier - a clever take on the Boulevardier - made with ramazzotti (medium amaro) instead of campariPurple potato salad, really? I thought I had seen it all and was squarely skeptical - until you handily trounced my tastebuds and then some. Piquantly complex with diced green olives and greens, topped with a mound of freshly grated pecorino. Flavor profile, nailed.At heart, I'm a carnivore. I'll be dreaming of your rabbit crepinette for days. Luscious, melt in my mouth, balanced with watercress and caramelized onion ribbons. The pork shoulder was a close second, crisply broiled, not over/underdone, perfectly paired with blanched Brussels sprouts - a light, refreshing option for the shoulder.Oh. And kudos on the space. Magical lighting and a delightfully open space - like dining with family but seated with your favorite members. Like a girl who bests the boys, B&H, you take the cake. Wish I could say you were a dark horse, but you just won the race.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,4/8/2014,390,547,16,23,22>I'm one of those increasingly rare people that never leaves the house without a watch on my wrist. It's not like I have 50 watches, just that I feel naked when I'm not wearing one. So that means one or more of my watches is either out of battery, or in the case of the manual wind ones, something's going on with the main spring, etc.My wife's taken a bunch of my watches here to get new batteries or springs/gears replaced, and it's always been a good experience. They do what they say they will, in the time they say it'll take, at the price they quote you.Moreover, I came in recently and had my son's watch with me. The buckle had popped off, and I knew they'd be able to fix it quickly. The super friendly gals working behind the counter replaced the spring that holds it in place, re-attached the buckle and then didn't even charge me anything! Crazy!They just don't make places like this anymore - and it's definitely worth the trip - whether you live in the neighborhood like me or somewhere else.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,4/7/2014,466,877,20,24,19>Welp. Everything on my body smelled like meat after my time at Radiator Whiskey. Not getting a second wear out of that sweater! I had the lamb collar sloppy joe and it was absolutely delicious. $13 for the sandwich and a side of shoestring fried onions. Plenty of food. I ate the leftovers for lunch the next day. This is the best sandwich I've had in some time. They offer a wide selection of whiskeys as they should, considering their name. Some are pretty spendy. My friend ordered the Angel's Envy and it was $17 for a glass. We also tried their Radiator Whiskey for $14 and thought it tasted like death. We both only had a sip because it tasted so awful. Kind of disappointing considering the price.My friend enjoyed his smoked half chicken dinner. ($18)I can't wait to return to try more of the menu. This is a truly awesome new spot in the city!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/6/2014,115,451,22,20,20>I'm kind of like that Far Side cartoon. The one that shows a kid at the School for the Gifted and pushing hard on the front door...when it says 'Pull.'I say that not because I'm gifted. Kauai is close to me and I can't tell you how many times I've driven there without checking their hours and arrive to find they're closed. Actually, I can guess it's been about 10 times. Pull, CP; pull, for cryin' out loud. Check the darn hours.Today my craving and their hours matched up. They serve large-chunk poke (yum!) Lewai ginger chicken strips (watch for bones), saimin both in soup form and fried, the most fantastic macaroni salad. Macaroni salad is yawn food to me, but I am a fanatic of it here. Once, I ate a huge container of it and made myself sick because I couldn't stop until my chopsticks hit the bottom.They also have ridiculous chicken adobo; savory and a little creamy--with just the right amount of shoyu and tang from the vinegar, a bit of chicken fat for richness...seriously my favorite thing here. On Saturdays, they serve malasadas and you can guess my success ratio of getting them when I'm here during open hours. I've had them once here and they reminded me of the first time I ever had malasadas with my Tutu Kane. I can still see his huge smile as he leaned down to hand me a hot, fresh malasada liberally rolled in sugar.If you're unlucky and miss malasadas, then you can at least have a piece of haupia, guava, mango, rainbow, pineapple coconut cake and more from next door. Today I had the lilikoi chiffon pie to take home. The crust is good, but I think I'll stick with cakes.Just remember guys: pull; don't push.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/5/2014,91,211,24,19,20>Food truck + Nerd truck = FERD TRUCKEhrmagerd, ferd truck!In honor of the nerd-themed Cheese Wizards truck, and the delicious Greenseer sandwich + power-up tomato soup I consumed today, I would like to compose an entirely original poem:Once upon a Tuesday dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,over many a hot and noodly lunches, all of them a bore while I wavered, stomach grumbling, suddenly there came a rumbling,As of some truck gently idling, idling at my building's door Much I marveled this sputtering truck to see options so geeky,And its menu much admired--for it had so much in store;And I cannot help agreeing that no living human beingEver yet was blest with seeing cheese with its own lore--cheese or soup upon the cratered curb outside his building's door,with such name as Cheese Wizards
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/4/2014,42,77,8,15,13>This place is amazing and I would probably come here once a week if I lived in the neighborhood. The pizzas are thin-crust 14-inchers, and I definitely managed to eat the better part of one pie myself without any help. The best part is the tomato sauce, which is probably my favorite sauce I've had on Seattle pizza since moving here. There is quite a lot of crust space around the border of the pizzas without toppings, so it's not necessarily for folks who subscribe to the pile-as-much-on-as-possible philosophy, and the crusts were more thin that chewy, but it was just my taste. We tried:Mushroom & Egg Pizza with mozzarella, caramelized onion, truffle oil and arugula: Definitely my favorite pizza of the evening. The rich egg and umami truffle oil create a very decadent slice that pairs nicely with the delicate and slightly spicy arugula scattered on top after cooking.Prosciutto, Egg & Arugula Pizza with grana padano (hard cheese), mozzarella, and tomato sauce:  Lovely and balanced.Pulled Pork and Beecher's Flagship Pizza with pickled red onions, tomato sauce and mozzarella: This one is definitely great for meat-lovers -- it was good but personally I prefer my pizzas a little less meaty.Apple and Beecher's Flagship Pizza with mozzarella and spiced walnuts: Oh my gosh this was like desert on a pizza slice, with candied walnuts and sweet thinly sliced apple pieces.To drink, they have a nice selection of 4 beers on tap (I ordered Boundary Bay's Scotch Ale), a couple wines by the glass, and Mexican coke.The location is totally unexpected --  a dark corner off Rainier Ave that you might drive right past if you didn't know what you were looking for. The interior space itself is quite tiny (maybe 24 stools total along a counter running the perimeter of the space), and designed by the owner who clearly has some serious architectural chops. He even hand-built the mushroom-shaped wood-burning pizza oven. Outside there are plentiful picnic tables and space for congregating on warm summer days (I look forward to coming back). There is even a resident chicken coop!Humble Pie does not offer delivery at this point, but they did seem to have a steady flow of take-out orders when I visited on a Sunday night. They also have a happy hour 8-9pm with beer and pizza specials, which I would like to return for!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/3/2014,220,123,12,21,13>One of the best times of my life!Despite the nightmare parking and very crowded park, rattle snake lake is a big slice of heaven in summer months.I had a beautiful pick nick and grill out with some of my favorite people while leisurely resting under tall shady trees. The scenery surrounding rattle snake lake is so invigorating, majestic, organic. It makes me feel like part of the nature, like a budding flower sipping the melted glacial water that bleeds down the mountain in crystal beams,  like a blossom dancing in the sunbeams catching photosynthesis. And swimming. I never knew that I was the little mermaid! We were "floating" on our blowup chairs and felt just like blissful children at Disney world. Everything here is clean, natural, and enjoyable. The outhouses weren't bad when I visited. We stayed until dusk, and it never became "hoodsy" or shady. I felt safe.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,10/7/2011,51,408,4,8,6>I'm jealous of the regulars. Lucky West Seattleites. I took the day off and had breakfast with a fam member. It was busy when we walked in but we were lucky enough to get some seats at the counter. We sat next to a lady, a regular. She told us what she ordered. She explained to us how big the portions were. I didn't believe her until her plate came to the counter. She offered a taste of her French toast before she started working on it but I politely declined. I read the story on the back of the menu. Pretty cool background on the owner and the restaurant. The place felt like it was a transplant from Georgetown. I love the divey feel. My fam member got a crab dish. I just ordered a side of hash browns and sausage. Embarrassing enough, I ended up eating off of my fam member's plate too because it was so good. The both of us left the restaurant very happy customers and the customers that were still eating seemed very happy too.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/6/2011,37,230,7,8,7>Oh, Gas Works Park.... How I love thee.You have definitely become part of my life again this past summer.  From slip n slide fun to the celebration of the Lullaby Moon.It's been years since I had visited this park until this past summer and I had forgotten how great it was just to be there!!!The metal structures that you can climb on, the fact that it is on the water, walk to the top of a hill and have a gorgeous view across the water and don't forget the diversity of people that visit this place (great for people watching).I'll have to remember to put you on the list to visit next summer, if not just to throw out a blanket and read at, and not get too wrapped up in other summer happenings not to!!!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,10/5/2011,99,239,8,11,10>I almost never think to choose Italian food when deciding where to eat out--not because I don't like Italian (I love it!), but because I so often think of it as being fairly easy to do well at home, and I am interested in eating things that I don't already cook when I go out. That being said, I would love to go back to Cantinetta, anytime. I was recently there for a friend's birthday dinner and was very impressed. From my table, I watched pasta being made fresh, all night, and soon to be delivered to my happy tummy in the form of tasty gnocci with sunchokes and duck confit. Pancetta-wrapped dates were my appetizer of choice, because anytime pancetta is involved, I am on board. The service was excellent, as well. Our servers were so attentive, coming by often (though indiscreetly) to refill wine glasses as soon as they were emptied--much like meals I have enjoyed with Italians of my acquaintance, who tend to be heavy-handed with the vino (another thing I am on board with).I had bites of my gentleman friend's risotto--exquisite! Dessert was equally tasty, though I was envious of a friend's choice, which was some ricotta-based fried dough balls with a creamy nutella-like filling.Portions aren't enormous--but you aren't going here to have a food baby. I felt happy and full just sharing an appetizer with my date and having the gnocci for dinner. Bonus? The attention to wine-pouring made for a delightlfully cuddly cab ride home and all-around good feelings about Cantinetta.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/25/2010,10/4/2011,153,353,16,11,11>Karaoke is not really the first missing feature that I would have addressed on the Eastside, but the owners of Blue Ginger decided to start there and thus 2 a.m. was born down the street in an otherwise unremarkable Overlake strip mall, serving Japanese and Korean food and enough alcohol (including soju) to make semi-public singing sound like an excellent idea to even (and perhaps especially) the least talented vocalists.Dinner was passable but largely forgettable, at least in part because I was late, not involved in the ordering process and instead was served out of family style plates by someone who can be best termed a Jewish grandmother with a dominant inner Asian (which I mention because it might be the venue's target demographic given their scarcity being correlated with the noticeable lack of patrons.) Alternate plans to eat prior to performing are unnecessary, but no one should be coming here just to eat.The main event is the karaoke rooms, sized large or small for groups of up to 6 and 15 respectively with very reasonable rates at full capacity, although it would get a bit expensive for a date night or solo rehearsals for the truly dedicated (or the truly deficient with friends or a hard crush that call for achieving passable crooning.)The rooms themselves are insulated, spacious, and great for a group. Taking a cue from Hula Hula, Baranof and a few other local establishments, music videos accompany the songs whose relation to the music is all but unintelligible except possibly to some Media Studies major at an Ivy League school who is feverishly devoted to a dissertation on the semiotic brilliance of the juxtaposition and will probably never graduate. Further, for those looking for Asian songs, 2 a.m. is probably the best game in the Seattle area. Unfortunately, the primary shortcoming is in what is perhaps the most important aspect of karaoke in the United States: the English portion of the playlist, a bare-bones menu which means you'd better like the people you're with and drink enough that it doesn't really matter what one sings. To illustrate the point, although there are a few pleasant surprises like selections from the Hedwig and the Angry Inch soundtrack - maybe it's huge in Japan? - it is a sad day that among the most palatable choices for me was Rage Against The Machine's "Killing In The Name Of."Fuck you I won't do what you tell me!Sorry, (lactic) acid flashback.In the loose concept of a neighborhood in which it resides, 2 a.m. is still a welcome addition to the Bellevue social scene, moving that term one step closer to not being an oxymoron. I just wish, even if external competition isn't going to be the driver, that some internal sense of pride forces them to step up their musical game.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,10/3/2011,468,742,8,13,13>I had no idea there were food trucks on Red Square. The only time I am in the area is to go to odegaard to borrow and return library books. I was not expecting to buy lunch today but the prices here were so reasonable. Here's a break down of what I ordered: Spam Slider ($2.00) For a few bucks more I could have got 3 sliders but I wanted to try the other items offered. This slider was loaded with cole slaw, mayo and not one...but three slices of spam! I topped mine with some sriracha and oh my this slider was filling. I could have been full if I had three sliders. This is probably one of the best sliders I've had from a food truck so far.Small Kalua Pork ($3.50) What a great deal! The small comes with a scoop of rice, kalua pork and a scoop of mac salad. I really like the kalua pork due to the saltiness and hint of smokey taste to it. I would love this even more if there was cabbage but the meat was fine with me. The mac salad was good too. I thought the green onions were a nice touch to it. I even had leftovers of this meal due to my spam slider! Haupia Custard ($1.50) I thought this was alright. Some parts were nice and creamy while there were some watery parts. I probably wouldn't order this again. Pretty dang good for $7 huh? Interestingly enough, this place is CARDS ONLY. I never thought I would see such a thing! They also take Husky Cards too, which is also convenient. Oh yeah and this place has a breakfast menu too! I shall look into that the next time I visit Odegaard.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,10/2/2011,96,281,10,6,5>The Buddhist tradition frowns upon eating meat.  Maybe if Siddharta meditated under the rust-orange porcine sign of Salumi he would've had a change of heart, because no promise of eternal salvation would be enough to stop me from stuffing my face with every last shred of muscle fiber offered by this house of hog.  The only 8-spoked wheel of truth I'm interested in here are the specials (crafted with ingenuity and perfect balance) and the hot porchetta, each one guaranteed to lure even the most devout souls back from nirvana for another go at Life.  Be prepared to wait in line at basically any time you arrive.  But hey, if it took Siddharta 50 some days to reach enlightenment, I think a 45 minute line is a pretty good deal.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,10/1/2011,172,350,3,9,7>I have two guinea pigs who I love and adore and I love knowing that there's a great vet in my neighborhood for any pig care needs. Dr. Dan and the vet techs are the best! We've gone in for teeth issues and mites and have always been well taken care of. Another reviewer mentioned that they respect your knowledge of your own pet; I've found this to be the case as well. You know your animals the way no one else can and you know if something's wrong and it's nice to be listened to instead of spoken down to. Recently I brought one of my pigs in because a mass had appeared practically overnight on his abdomen. It turned out to be an abscess. The fill-in vet for Dr. Dan was very knowledgeable about guinea pigs and did what she could but my pig was just too fragile and he passed away later that night. I called to cancel my followup appointment and let them know what had happened and was happily surprised to get a sympathy card in the mail from the clinic the next week! I don't find their costs to be unreasonable. Vet care, much like medical care, is expensive, and you're paying for extensive knowledge, education and compassion.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,9/30/2011,713,559,12,14,16>I swear somebody stole The Hideout from Capitol Hill and tucked it away in a super secret spot where only those worthy of entering such a cool bar would be able to find it and then once inside would marvel at the dark and cozy atmosphere with the super fun artwork hanging from the walls. To top it off, you can even buy any of the pieces on display and they also have a vending machine that features even more artistic treasures...how cool is that!The bar staff here is one of the best I've seen from the friendly door man to the super cool and very talented bar tenders that handled any and all orders tossed their way and managed to put together some amazingly tasty drinks that had us coming back for more and more. For what seemed like a small space when you walk in, there are actually a lot of places to sit and there is just a real comfortable vibe so you don't feel cramped or crowded even when there's a lot of people...or maybe I was just really drunk!If I lived on First Hill, I would be spending probably way too much time here so it may be a good thing there is just enough distance to keep The Hideout on the fringes of my regular watering holes. Either way, this is now on my short list of hot spots to recommend to anyone looking for places to go in Seattle.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,9/29/2011,475,222,7,11,11>This isn't going to be one of those "how have I never reviewed this place yet" sort of reviews.The truth is I've held back because I still haven't eaten here, it seems my consumption of consumables here falls more along the lines of spirits. With that said, this isn't your average pub.What I love the most about this bar is their attention to detail and dedication to quality drinks. I'm usually a "double Kettel One on the rocks" kinda guy at most bars, mostly because how can you mess that up right (see my AZUL review to find out how). Anyway, here at Tavern Law I can be confident that the bartender knows his stuff. The proof is in the pudding, I have never had a bad drink here, and hands down this bar has THE best Floradora in the city (don't know what it is? try it!). The use of fresh squeezed juices, house made syrups and tinctures, coupled with brilliantly executed traditional techniques, makes for an amazing night out at the bar.As far as I am concerned, I don't even NEED to try the food here yet to write my review (thought I most likely will). The drinks, the bartenders, and the impeccable service from the super friendly staff make up a super solid 5 star establishment.5 gin-limejuice-raspberrysyrup-gingerale-limewedge stars out of 5
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,9/28/2011,113,273,20,14,18>Could my hair type, this is what it would say:Dear Kate Moore,I love you.Infatuatedly yours,Corinna's Head-suitAs you can see, my hair values brevity. It also values not looking like ass. Which is how it looked when I showed up - 7 months of box-dyed, drunk-bang-trimmed dry growth weighing my head down. It took 75 minutes just to thin it out to a manageable amount, and the resultant pile of hair on the floor was bigger than many dogs. Did Kate complain about the gargantuan task? No, she did not. She bravely soldiered on, shears and razor aloft, and kept up a steady stream of hilarious conversation as the tresses hit the floor. Her color job was equally great, and she finally got me out of my red rut. I mean, I've been dying my hair red for about two years. Time for a change, amirite? I was a touch apprehensive about going so dark - during a misguided time in high school I dyed my hair black with less than flattering results - but Kate is a master. After three hours in her chair (which is CRAZY LONG but she didn't fuss because she is a champion) my hair went from "eeewwww" to "oh HELL YES". So actually, maybe I should revise my hair's letter to her. Here goes:Dear Kate Moore,I love you.Infatuatedly yours,Corinna
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,9/16/2011,386,1001,19,19,18>OK, this is probably it. Probably the best pho in town. Much as I love the special veggie pho up the street in Factoria, this not only has meat in it but is just a far better bowl of soup.Maybe every other pho place I have ever reviewed needs to move down a star. Certainly every other pho place that I have ever described as having "ingredients that taste really fresh" now has to move down the list a notch. This place has everything lined up just right.You can hardly tell where you're going when you first look for the door. The awning doesn't have signage, and the windows are kinda dark, so you can't tell where the neighboring businesses end and this one begins. But inside it's nice and casual and homey. It was a mother and daughter team the night I came in--and the daughter is just chatting with customers and answering questions, making the place feel even more welcoming. The decorations feel very personal; fans and purses hang from the walls in groups. They look like the owner's collections of things she likes to look at.The lemonade is great, but what it really boils down to at any pho place is the soup. The broth is dark, flavorful, aromatic, and clear. It's also very rich, almost buttery. The noodles are perfectly chewy without any stickiness, and all the ingredients and condiments are sparkling fresh. You really taste every flavor up front and distinct, there's no amalgamation happening here. The brisket in particular is tender and delicious and completely blows away every bite of pho brisket everywhere else. I dunno if it's deckel-cut, real-deal brisket, or what, but the flavor and consistency are dazzling. You can have either kind of pho here--beef or chicken. No subsets or combos.After I ate, the proprietress stopped by my table for a chat. ("Mom! These noodles are boiling over here now!"). She said she can barely eat a spoonful of pho at most places in town, saying most often she stops just because she can taste the MSG, which she eschews completely. She says she opened this place so she could make the exact pho she wanted to eat. She even uses different noodles for the beef than she uses for the chicken. I told her it tasted like she boiled beef bones for the stock. She said "Ooooh! You can tell! Yes, I boil them for six hours and the soup isn't even ready until the next day."You want me to like you? Make me feel like I figured out something on my own like that. Heh.On my way out, I teased her and told her she needs to add the word "Pho" to her sign in huge letters. Her daughter said "And 'Asian Fusion'!" She said "yes, we serve asian fusion here. I use some things from Chinese food, some Lao, some Thai, and some Vietnamese." I asked her where she learned so many different culinary traditions, and she matter-of-factly said "Oh, I've never learned anything. I'm just picky."I knew exactly what she meant, and that might be the greatest thing ever uttered by any great chef anywhere.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,9/15/2011,114,197,9,9,9>Serious Pie is serious perfection. I've been living in Seattle for three years and just got my first taste last night. Go in the evening after the sun has set and the restaurant is dim with candles and low lighting. Communal dining at high tables in a narrow intimate space sets the mood for a cozy, yet comfortable experience.Wine and beer only here, so we split a pitcher, a starter and a pie. Had the braised octopus with crispy pancetta and sunchokes. Fantastic flavors and I was sorry we shared this plate because I wanted more than my fair share. For our pizza we had sweet fennel sausage wtih roasted peppers. The pizza was perfect. Light, airy, sweet, savory, slightly salty...everything you want in a single slice of pizza.Serious Pie is opening a second location in SLU. I'm an Eastlake gal, so looking forward to when my new favorite pizza spot lands nearby.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,9/14/2011,325,469,11,12,12>When most other sports bars in Seattle are crazily crowded with inattentive service and heinous wait times, Auto Battery will be a saving grace.  Don't get me wrong... this place is popular and gets crowded, but their staff know how to handle crowds.This past Saturday (UW VICTORY!!!!) was a great trip to Auto Battery.  Very crowded, but wait time for drinks was virtually non-existent and I have to say I was impressed with the service.  The pricing was also verrrrry nice.  The theme was also unique.  The converted car shop shines up nicely and the signs, memorabilia, and other car stuff adds a unique vibe without being kitschy.I'll be back!  You should also check it out....
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,9/13/2011,601,289,31,19,18>Dearest boyfriend,i know that i could have brought in the leftovers from red lantern last night, but i didn't.  i know that all you had for dinner was a peanut butter sandwich and that you would have LOVED the food, but i didn't want to share the leftovers with you.  I wanted the food for lunch tomorrow because i wanted to eat Red Lantern two days in a row.  I deliberately didn't finish my meal just so i could eat it again tomorrow in my break room so i could have something to look forward to on an otherwise stressful day.  Really, their jah jah myung was so incredibly delicious (probably the best jah jah myung i've ever had! and this includes the hand shaven noodle place in korea! it had scallops!  SCALLOPS!!! )  and their red chili chicken was astounding.  I promise i'll make it up to you by taking you there sometime... soon so i wouldn't have to share this leftover with you.  and so i can have an excuse to go there again.sincerely,beccap.s. i hope the beer was a great consolation gift.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,9/12/2011,109,455,8,12,11>Well what more to add that the captivating Clover A., tremendous Tramale T., or suave Stephen W. haven't said?  Setting up the karaoke is a breeze once you get the hang of running the iPad (unlike 2 a.m.'s gadget which requires typing in a string of numbers that gets exponentially more difficult with each drink), the seating was plentiful and comfortable and especially important, looked like it would hold up well to the abuses of people having a damn good time.  It is a bit pricey but still well within the bounds of reasonable and you ARE in Capitol Hill, one of the pricier neighborhoods around, and the Rock Box is Really Nice.We stumbled in, freezing, on NYE and the staff kindly let us come in and shut the door before requesting our ID.  We then headed to the big party room which is one of the first rooms when you come in and has its own little stage for unleashing your inner rock star.  The service couldn't have been better, as the gal came around frequently but not so often as to be intrusive, and did a great job keeping everyone and their beverages straight, despite the fact the we were all hopping around the room as if influenced by the bunny ears we were wearing.  My first drink, the standard rum & coke, was fine but nothing special.  Then I found the "Hello Kitty martini" and may I say -- HELLO indeed!  I would describe it as a reverse pina colada, where the emphasis is on the coconut instead of the pineapple (coconut rum being the base liquor), and it was frothy, sweet, nutty, and deeeeeelicious!!  They let me put everything on a tab and check out when I left was completely hassle-free.  As others have mentioned, the place is clean and new, as importantly, is the bathroom -- look for the blue-lit hall.  But back to the karaoke -- the song list is extensive and better yet, available online via their Facebook page, which means you can do some scouting and prep work if you are so inclined.  (And they have been posting promotions via FB as well.) My suggested improvements are minor.  Some songs  came with cheesy videos and it would be cool if they had more.  It would also be nice to have at least one mic stand so one's hands weren't always full (the other hand, naturally, holding one's drink).While I'm not as Bellevue-phobic as some, it's really nice to have a similar option in Seattle (and especially on the Hill which is uber-convenient for me) and imo Rock Box far exceeds 2 a.m. in terms of quality, song selection, drinks, and staff.  I'm seriously considering coming back here for my birthday, only I'm not sure I can wait that long!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,9/11/2011,142,37,33,22,17>I have the kind of hair that makes you wonder how I've managed to remain a productive member of society for 30 years. I'm the only Asian person I know that does not have straight shiny Pantene commercial hair. It's not quite ambitious enough to be curly. It is complacent with its frizziness and mediocrity. On top of that, it's been turning grey since I hit puberty. Asshole.I have spent thousands of dollars over the years to have my hair straightened, relaxed, permed, curled, colored, coated, bleached, glazed and damage controlled. It refuses to be beaten into submission.I have tried coaxing it and giving it love with oils and serums that claim to tame the beast with I don't know, what must be baby tears and unicorn jizz, it's so goddamn expensive. So you believe me when I say that I would choose a dentist's chair over a hair salon's. After three painful, tear stained years of hairstylist searching in Seattle, I finally found the one. I walked in quivering and twitching with anxiety one afternoon and had my hair thinned out and bangs trimmed by Nancy. She also flat ironed my hair to perfection. In 30 minutes! And my hair is not easy to thin. We could have made three wigs with the hair on the floor. She wasn't hurried at all and maintained a good conversation the whole time. $25 for all this magic. *holding back tears*She raved about the flat iron she used, which they sell in the store at a very good price (I did the research). I am no where near coordinated enough to take a 400 degree ceramic plate to my head but one day, when I am Oprah rich, I will just keep Nancy on retainer and she will be all mine. *Shout out to Vanessa A. for telling me about Nancy*
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,9/9/2011,76,510,11,12,13>Was here recently to fuel up before we started the Greenwood neighborhood Gumshoe Walk. We arrived during lunch hour on Saturday, were greeted and seated quickly by Mae herself (pretty sure it was her). When she saw our Gumshoe forms we had a nice chat about it and we felt immediately comfortable.We ordered the corned beef hash (with hash browns) and the corned beef hash omelet. Both dishes arrived quickly and the server returned just as fast when I asked for hot sauce (some quirky brand which gets points in my book).The food was great! The corned beef was shredded, had both moist and had crunchy pieces that I enjoyed. The hash browns had a nice top layer of brown and crunch. Not overly greasy. A biscuit also came with the dish but I was too full to eat it. My friend enjoyed her omelet as well.For us, the service was efficient and polite, however the server's interaction with a nearby table (overly friendly, possibly flirty banter) was a bit much to endure.The restroom was clean and decorated with maps and other nifty things glued to the walls. The restaurant is much larger than I thought, with four separate rooms of tables.I forgot to print the 10% off coupon when we went here (didn't know we were coming here, til we were here), but it's not a big deal because I think it was totally worth full price. :)
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,9/8/2011,176,500,10,18,18>There was a time in my life when I would go to the Crumpet Shop daily. Damn, I love that place.I usually order two crumpets with English cheese and tomato and a mug of all-you-can-drink yerba mate. The mate is brewed through a coffee maker, so it's strong and delicious. The English cheese tastes kind of like extra sharp cheddar, so the tomato balances it out perfectly while the crumpet soaks up the cheese grease. mmmIf I woke up early enough, I would also order some groats, which are basically like thicker, nuttier oats. Get them with dried black currents, steamed milk and honey on a cold day and you'll be warm, full and happy all day.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,9/7/2011,239,280,17,25,18>When I first started dating my husband who's Indian, I did not like Indian food at all.  It wasn't until he cooked me a homemade and authentic meal where I fell madly in love with ... well, Indian food :).  That being said, there are very few Indian restaurants we care to go to because we get the super yummy stuff at home.  I hope this sets the tone for the Clay Pit review I'm about to give. In short....CLAYPIT IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING AND HANDS DOWN OUR FAVORITE INDIAN RESTAURANT IN THE AREA!!!...and yes, that was all caps because I was yelling! It's THAT good!We've tried other hot spots around for Indian food and Clay Pit provides the best overall experience.  So, what's good? * For appy's I recommend the vegetable samosas, vegetable pakoras (also get your hands on some paneer pakoras -- they are like c.r.a.c.k) and battata tikki.* For dinner our favorites are the daal, malai kofta, bhenghan bharta, and chole.  * As for the desserts, I recommend every single option.  We've tried each dessert on the menu and all are yummy!I'm drooling just a little bit while writing this...In terms of meat dishes, my mom claims the scallop makhani is to die for and I've heard the butter and methi bhuna chicken dishes are fantastic as well!Tonight we had an awesome experience in the way of exceptional service.  I was having an intense craving for channa bhature (garbanzo bean dish with fried puffed bread - see photo) so we called Clay Pit to see if this was something on their menu.  They told us no then put us on hold and a few seconds later said the kitchen would be happy to make this dish for us if we planned to come in tonight.  And that my friends, is what you call above and beyond the call of duty!I heart Clay Pit. It's super clean, the food is the best Indian food around and their staff is fantastic.  A must try for quality, tasty Indian food!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,9/6/2011,160,99,12,17,14>I literally walk by this place every day and always ponder what kind of food is this "real" sort they speak of....So looking for a new joint to hit up me and the kid decided to try it out.  We joined up with a party of 5 altogether and they accommodated well; especially since we thought we'd have more people join us.  One of the servers was all too happy to remove a table so we could be more intimate.  And warmer since it was a bone-chilling night!  Speaking of bones....looking over to the table next to us, we couldn't help but notice the Flintstones size steak with the bone-in on a seemingly helpless plate being shared by the obviously carnivorous couple with a gleam in their eye.  I smiled to myself thinking they would never finish.....The waiter then came to greet us.  He explained the name of the restaurant and their manifesto including how they are trying to get 90-100% of their items from 360 miles around Seattle.  Which, I must say, is pretty ambitious....right now they are at 70%.  We ordered off their new and excitingly local drink menu.  Did anyone know they are still making moonshine?  Haha...I went for the rita with salt.  Tried and true favorite.  Very tasty as well.  Can't remember what they put in it but it came purple and devilish looking.  Also it's really cute they name all their drinks after Seattle neighborhoods!  Like the Capitol Hill Cosmo, The Fremont (Mojito-esque), and The Georgetown (Moonshine-a-licious!).  We started with some snacks.  Oysters for everyone which were tasty, but to mess up on oysters takes some real work.....Also had the Buffalo Rabbit Saddle (cuz I mean come on- that name alone convinced me!)  Turned out to be yummy little buffalo-tangy bites with bleu cheese and celery on the side.  But the best snackity snack was hands down the Corned Beef Reuben Bites!  We ordered two because the salty tender meat combined with the sharp cole slaw was all too pleasing to the palate.  Finally it came to game time:  the "real" meal...."And the cut of the day just happens to be the very LAST piece of meat we have from Thundering Hooves ever"WHAT?!   SOLD!   My goodness that was the end of it right there.  Looking over at the table next to us was all but shocking to see that the couple actually polished off their entire plate of meat (of which I had to congratulate them!)  So two of our table decided to share and order that which came with sautéed mushrooms, creamed kale, grits, two plates and HUGE carving knifes...The other plates ordered included the fried chicken (devoured before I had time to even take it in!), and the House Burger (literally bigger than my face).....I ordered the Rockfish which came with celeriac, fennel, winter citrus, and olive caramel....it was....tasty....but I knew when I tried a piece of the medium-rare cut of beef that my heart was just not into the fish.  It was cooked well, but my eyes were elsewhere.....hehe...I must say that although service was accommodating, it took forever and a day for a lot of the...well everything to be attended to and/or served.  They forgot about our second order of Reuben's, the drinks were served after our first round of snacks (even though the order had been taken quite some time before).  They ran out of a lot of their featured liquors and had to substitute....and even though the cut of meat weighed as much as me, it took another round of drinks and our appetites to exponentially raise for it to come out.  And they forgot the Dijon mustard!   But this place has been open for only a month.  They are still working out quirks.  And so I will be back to see how they handle the battle of the carnivores.  Also I like the real candles, the water service, high ceilings, a second floor for service, and their rustic tables.  Did not like the uncomfortable metal/plastic chairs, the fact that the heat was definitely not anywhere near the door, the two and a half-three hour service time.  But still, I hear brunch and the pork belly are worth another visit.......
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,12/23/2009,300,256,7,13,13>Good start. Just remember that nobody under 21 is allowed in -- there were several disappointed groups in line. Spacious interior with clean aesthetic and ginormous bar in center of lobby. Didn't love the interior -- it felt forced and tacky. We got seated straightaway and ordered up! The Blue Velvet Burger, mmm, comes with bacon, hot sauce, chipotle mayo, and a side of fries. Slightly weak presentation. Taste was great. Also enjoyed the fried green tomato sandwich, though the wheat bread was too flimsy for such a fine filling. The multiple servers were on the ball. No order mess-ups, quick service, regular check-ins. Got a pitcher of beer, margarita, and diet coke for group. Beverages were in front of us within 5 minutes. Little saddened at how empty the theater was -- staff to client ratio was out of control. I want this place to succeed cause its a nice double date night experience.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,12/22/2009,225,519,6,10,8>Homemade Chestnut pasta with Wild Boar & Butternut Squash Gnocchi + Fried Cauliflower starter= Yum... Must return* Had reservation on a Friday night- that I called and changed a couple times with them sweetly accommodating each request and laughing at my ditziness- and got in right away. We ordered a starter and two dishes- which came out with regular speed even though the restaurant was buzzing with activity. The cauliflower was filling and the pastas al dente and wonderfully flavored. My Chestnut pasta with Wild Boar had almost a stew like quality to it and very little liquid present. The Butternut Squash Gnocchi was pillow light and had a great flavor that was accompanied by herbs and a slight topping of white sauce. Our server didn't speak much English but that did not stop him from taking care of our needs- he made the meal and experience seamless. I understand why La Spiga is rated highly in Seattle... wonderful service and staff, developed food, and great atmosphere. I enjoyed the dark woods and airy industrial quality to the back of the house. FYI's~ * Does not offer an extensive menu but there are enough choices to satisfy * Late night happy hour! ~ serve things like $10 perfect lasagna and reduced starters * Urban style patio out back that the restaurant opens to * Long bar with tall stools available as well as a few low couch spots by the bar * Menu stays consistent but switches with seasonal produce and meats as additions * The Parmesan that comes with the bread is so fresh and tasty! * There is a private loft that can be booked for large parties or private events * Make reservations- they are available online or by calling(they answer the phone very early*)
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2009,12/21/2009,288,254,7,13,13>Everyone gets treated like royalty in this place. As soon as we came in, two staffers were moving tables together for us so we could sit more "romantically" haha. Then they were on hands and knees adjusting the table so it didn't wobble. Then came our teas. We got earl grey cream and also carmelized pear. Awesome and of course bottomless. I thought the earl grey cream was just excellent especially if you're an earl grey drinker. You'll have to try this. Also got a shot of veggie/apple juice free. Today the soups were potato leek or corn soup. Both great though I preferred the corn one myself. These folks define customer service. Oh and the bathrooms -- spotless and beautifully decorated. Can't say enough about the people here.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,12/20/2009,143,279,7,9,10>This is one of those places that I'm almost afraid to sing praises about, because then it will become popular, overly crowded, and lose it's charm. Stay away! lol. In all seriousness, this place is fantastic. It is....quaint if you will. I'm a newbie to Seattle, and not too familiar with Capitol Hill so this place was the perfect introduction to the area. We stayed on the lounge side, though I did notice a restaurant on the other. I can't speak for the food since I didn't eat. What I can speak for is the lounge area. The bar was great, and the barstaff was very friendly. The setting was nice, low lighting, and music playing in the background. It's the perfect place to start the evening on a Fri or Sat night. Next time I'm in the area, I'll try the food.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,12/19/2009,98,643,6,7,7>Super surprised that there are only 3 reviews for this spot. This is one busy happening place!! Living room's vibe is just that. Being in your own living room, but with ambiance of dark lighting and lots of Erika Badu, Marvin Gaye souful 70's music that makes for ending the evening very chill. We sat in a nook by the window which made itself great for people watching during the night - makes you love Capitol Hill's uniqueness even more. They do have some good wines; especially if you hit up the happy hour and its $3.00 a glass. Had plenty of bartenders/waiters on site so you didn't have to fight your way to get a drink. Plus plus for that! Nice nightspot Capitol Hill!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,12/18/2009,16,50,12,12,11>With a industrial-sized sink in the bathroom almost big enough to shower in, you know things are going to get messy.Started with some fried oysters and cajun fries.  The oysters were big, but fairly bland.  The fries had an nice crispy, coating of seasoning.Following were two pounds of crawfish, one with Rajun Cajun sauce, the other with Big Easy (rajun cajun plus more butter and spices) sauce.  Both were lip tingling spicy at the "crazy" and so delicious that I searched frantically for more food items to rub around the inside of the bag.  The crawfish themselves were moist and tasty, but I'll need to go back now that I've had a practice round.  I felt I missed out on a lot of meat, just because it took a while for me to figure out the best method of getting the goods out.I had a great time, the service was quick and attentive and it's fun to attack a pile of food with your hands.The main downside was the dinky portion of sausage and corn that came with the crawfish.  Yes, it's a nice bonus, but at least give two pieces of each when there's two people.Also, watch out for that third squeeze bottle, that is butter.I'll be back.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,12/16/2009,108,216,7,8,9>The Casa del Mojito is a tiny bright yellow building tucked away near where Roosevelt overpasses Lake City Way(extremely hard to get to if you are going east on Lake City Way!) There are only about 6 small tables inside, and on nice days, a few tables outside. The latin music was on full blast, and it was pretty difficult to have a conversation, but luckily the food was good and the service was quick so we spent most of the time chewing. I had the guiso de pollo( Half of a roasted chicken) and my husband had the Lechon Asado (slow roasted marinated pork). Both dishes were very flavorful and the rice, beans, and plantans were nice accompaniments. The mojitos were strong, but expensive and luckily we walked this time! The portions were pretty large, and we actually had leftovers which is surprising because my husband typically eats his meal , then finishes mine, and then proceeds to ask everyone at the table, "are you gonna eat that?" in hopes of devouring even more scraps.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,12/15/2009,172,350,15,18,17>I came for HH with some lovely yelper friends, both for the company and the famous truffle fries.  The company was excellent (as was to be expected) and the fries didn't disappoint either!  They do not skimp on the truffle.  When the (giant) $3 (HH price) cone of fries came out I felt a little overwhelmed, since I'd ordered a salad as a main but then, when the waitress was taking it away later, I was wishing I could eat the crumbs.  Oh, and speaking of that salad, it was pretty good too.  There were cranberries and feta cheese and a tasty dressing.  Definitely on my list of "would eat again" foods.  Good food prices during happy hour (to be fair, reasonable prices when it's not happy hour as well) and friendly, quick service.  I'll be back...soon.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,12/14/2009,254,164,16,13,13>Getting my ass kicked at pool is more fun at The Sloop.I swear, if my Lady never scratched on the break, I would never win a game. She's not that great at the game either, just better than me. But we really love to play and find ourselves more often than not at The Sloop. The bartenders are cool. They usually bring us our NA beers at the pool table without having to stop at the bar to order.  The place is usually half full on weeknights, mainly with the older male variety of human. Weekends are a different story. I stay away. One night we were hungry, tried a burger, and were pleasantly surprised. Nothing fancy, but very good. We eat there more often now. One night as we approached the front door, there was an older man standing outside: white hair and beard, yellow rain slicker, boots, pipe in his mouth. I thought he was a statue. He was the perfect Ballard fisherman right off the packaging for frozen lemon cod fillets or something. So you may get something like that if you stop in.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2009,12/13/2009,125,131,8,8,7>It smells like heaven exploded, where is it coming from? Mmmm think I will just keep walking and forget all about that glorious smell until I pass it again in a week or two. How about if I just keep walking past this amazing smell for a year and half without exploring. Oh the wasted time. If you live in Seattle and you have walked down Broadway you have smelled what's cooking at Anna Purna. What is cooking, is goodness. Do yourself a favor if you have not been, go, tonight!You walk downstairs and the smell just gets better and better until finally you are there, Nepalese food heaven or is it Nirvana. Either way you feel all tingly like something good is about to happen. If you don't know what to order I would start with the Chicken Masala. It's not going to be to crazy or to spicey it is a nice introduction. Also, you have to get the Garlic Nan Bread with this and of course a beer. The servers smiles are beautiful, they are attentive. The crowd is mixed from family and friends to sometimes loud college kids. Not a good date spot but a great place to go with a friend. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,3/17/2012,175,546,4,8,8>Revel is amazinggg. But the food didn't taste much different from the traditional Korean food I grew up with. The restaurant has more class, style and flair than a Korean restaurant but you definitely pay for that experience. The food, though sounded interesting and different on the menu, tasted like straight-up, delicious Korean food. For 3x the cost of a Korean restaurant. I tried the kimchi pancake, shrimp dumplings and short rib bowl. Presentation = excellent. Taste = excellent. Service = excellent.If you liked Revel you should also check out Korean restaurants. Same great taste and usually quality but for a lot less.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,3/16/2012,103,123,21,12,11>Fair warning, this place is not an actual ranch.  There will be no cowboys  sitting around the fire telling stories of the trail.  There will be no low country shows or dixieland songbirds spinning yarn with their old-timey voices.  No, my friend, you will not find these things at 99 Ranch Market.  What you will find is a pretty awesome selection of incredibly priced seafood and produce.  I have heard that sometimes the meat selection can look a little like a George Romero film, but that is all hearsay and has not been my experience.  Still, like with many ethnic stores, you might occasionally find something that should not be there.  I would say you may as well consider this part of the adventure.  You can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs, and sometimes getting a little salmonella.  It gives you character (unless you're very young or very old, in which case it could possibly kill you.)The greatest thing about the seafood at the Ranch (let's call it that, because that sounds quaint) is the ability to have them fry the living hell out of any seafood you buy.  You point to it and, assuming you're there during a time the fryer is on, you can have it put in a big vat of oil.  That will probably cook out any parasites or other misfit bacteria that would dare do your poor constitution harm.  There is also a "hot bar" near the entrance that is *very* different than your typical Whole Paycheck.  Sorry, you will probably not see the 20/30-something hotties that are willing to pay $15 for a piece of chicken and a scoop of lentils here.  No, please only go to the Ranch's hot bar if both your appetite and constitution are strong.  It probably would help to have a strong will as well.  Try something you might not have otherwise put in your mouth.  Tell your own stories of how you faced your fears at the Ranch and overcame them.  Be a hero.  Be a legend.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,3/14/2012,231,76,8,13,10>Alright I don't consider myself an "expert" in Taiwanese food but I sure as hell have had a lot of it in my lifetime and Henry's Taiwan "Plus" is hitting it home for me. 5 stars goes to a restaurant that has it all, service, ambiance, food, location, Henry's Taiwan Plus definitely has it. So there is a question that seems to get asked A LOT. What is the difference between Henry's Taiwan AND Henry's Taiwan Plus. The owner happened to be the one serving us tonight and I asked the question and his explanation is the other location wasn't big enough and he wanted to expand. They also don't have the same menu, some things are similar but Henry's Plus seems to have a little bit more going for it. Location: 4 StarsLocated in the ID it's right across from the old Uwajimaya, it's a few doors down from Henry's Taiwan. Same owner larger location, what I would consider a better menu. The inside is nice, simple nothing flashy, he has the capability of taking on larger parties. Has one really large booth that when we left had about 10 people in it. The rest of the restaurants tables are moveable so making any arrangement seems very possible. I wouldn't consider him a restaurant to handle multiple large parties but I'm sure it can accommodate. Ambiance/Service: 5 StarsWe were lucky enough to have Henry working that night. He was accompanied by a waiter who spoke really good mandarin for being African American. That really dropped our jaw was him coming over and checking up on us and the brother was dropping Chinese, very impressed! Both him and Henry were really nice, Henry definitely was making each table feel like home. He would chat each table up, talking about the menu, your day, what he recommends and you can tell from how he talks about it he is passionate about his food. They made sure our water was filled, our dishes arrived on time and did everything a good restaurant should do! Food: 5 Stars!!Alright Taiwanese food is my Kryptonite. Love me my Taiwanese food and we have been to ALL of the Taiwanese restaurants in the Seattle/Eastside. We have had Herny's Taiwan before so I was expecting to much didn't think Henry's Taiwan Plus was going to be much better. But seriously it blew us away. We ordered simple Taiwanese dishes that any respectable Taiwanese restaurant would have. Meat Bing: You can see my picture I post, but basically it's a potsticker but it is round and flat. It is pan fried flour with meat inside with a little bit of "soup" inside to make it juicy. Henry's does it right! Tastes like I am in Taiwan. THe dough is perfectly pan fried and the meat inside is wonderfully flavored a with chopped onions and parsley and a hint of ground pepper. So good! Beef Noodle Soup: The beef noodle soup was delicious. Henry came over and told us how he cooks the beef and the noodle and it was very surprising how he comes about it. The beef was nice and tender, the noodles were nice and soft but not to soft and the soup was awesome! 3 Cup Chicken: Facing East does this dish alright but now that I've had Henry's Plus this is my new favorite place to have it. The chicken is cooked very nicely it isn't to salty, and there seems to be a quite a bit of Chicken as well. Pork Sauce over Rice with pickled vegetables and braised egg: This is a staple in Taiwan, most places do it pretty good. Henry's is up there with everyone elses, good flavor not anything super special but definitely delicious. I do wish I got a little bit more meat though but who doesn't =). We saw other tables order the braised beef "sandwhich" it's put right inbtwn a chinese dough that is baked. Sometimes people put egg inbtwn or the chinese donuts. Everyone was saying it was really good. Made me want one =)Delicious food here. After speaking with Henry for a bit it was cool to learn about his background and what his plans are for his restaurant. He mentioned that he is going to start having cooking classes in Feburary and will teach you to cook all of his dishes. Right now prices are $50/class and he will provide all the ingredients and you will take home what you make. My gf and I are definitely planning on doing that. He also said back in Cali he did something no one else in Chinatown would do and that is pair wine with your dish. Which I have never heard of but he says it's delicious so for now I'll trust him and will wait for him to make that change. Also he is open till midnight and serves the full menu, even has Taiwanese "breakfast" with the Chinese Donut, Soy Milk, all the good stuff till midnight. So no more purple dot! Time to make it highclass late night grub!All in all the experience was wonderful, the service was great, the food was awesome, and we are thinking about going back tomorrow to try some dishes we didn't get to try today only because we were way to full!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,3/13/2012,472,197,6,15,11>This place is really sexy, swanky, might I even say...romantic. I just feel good here whether I pull up a stool in the bar or grab a seat at the sushi bar or a table. I've had some great dates here.Let me tell you a secret about their service, everyone is friendly, and relaxed. Relaxed can feel slow, but it's really about the experience - slowing down and enjoying your delicious delicate fresh food and your companion(s). They take their time, not too much, but expect to enjoy your food, not rush.The candlelight, the long 4-7 pm happy hour and the late night happy hour ensure you get nourished when you need it. They make some wicked cocktails, some with sake and there's even one drink you can order that gets a tree planted for you by the liquor maker!!! Drink and be environmentally supportive/conscious. Prices are just fine for a swanky downtown sushi bar with style, come for happy hour and save a bundle. Must buy one drink per person at happy hour to get the good food prices.I've been coming here for about 6 years and still come back for more. My favorites are the cocktails, the Post Alley Roll, and the Poke Salad.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2011,3/12/2012,117,196,6,7,6>If you know me, you know I love France and French culture. So it should be no surprise that I enjoyed Cafe Presse. I would hang out here more often if it weren't stupid packed all the time because of its delicious food, solid service, and little slice of French culture on the hill - but apparently the late night scene is where to begin.I like that the food is simple and good, with traditional items described on the menu and that the staff is always ready with a suggestion or opinion if you're unsure. I went with friends and was immediately jealous that I didn't order the Croque Monsieur even though our cheese plate was complete perfection.In general I'm a fan of any place with a slower, leisurely pace; where you share a meal with friends over conversation - not shovel endless piles of food down your gullet in a rush.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,3/11/2012,176,500,8,12,12>A biscuit bar?! Who knew such a glorious thing existed?I went to the Dahlia Workshop the other day for lunch and ordered the biscuit with truffled frittata, arugula, tomato and capers.  I was surprised by how big the biscuit was, but luckily, it was neatly square shaped so I was able to pick it up and eat it like a sandwich no problem. The biscuit itself was not overly sweet, the frittata was amazing and the arugula was the perfect compliment to it.The biscuit bar is inexpensive, delicious and quick - definitely somewhere I wish was closer to my office!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,3/10/2012,381,768,4,9,6>This is a super cute place and I love that it's close to home! It's kind of in a random location but there's parking so I can't complain too much.The entrance doesn't look like a restaurant at all because it sort of just looks like a house but when you walk in, it's really adorable. It feels pretty home-y and the decor has the simple Japanese style to it.I came here because I bought a $20 for $40 coupon from BuyWithMe. I had read about the restaurant on Yelp before and was glad to see the coupon for it.We ordered quite a bit, I had a 2-piece order of ikura sushi and the oyako don. My friends ordered a few of the rolls as well as a chirashi bowl. The prices are decent but I'm not sure if I would have paid full price for everything. I would say that Musashi's chirashi bowl is still the best bang for the buck. But I really liked the service and cute atmosphere of the place. The sushi tasted really fresh too.I'll be back when I'm craving sushi and too lazy to go all the way to Wallingford or the ID.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,3/9/2012,499,896,33,20,26>Just a hungry girl, livin' in a hungry world She took the coworkers down to Belltoooowwwwn, Found a baker girl, born and raised in south Detroit She had a Canonli Shop Downnnntooowwwwn,A cannoli in a gleaming case,The smell of baked goods and stromboli,For a few bucks, lunch is served It goes on and on and on and on Patrons, waiting, up and down the boulevard Their tummys growling from the delicious smellsHungry people, living just to find delightEating, and it tastes so riiiiiiggggggggggghhhhhhhhht.DON'T STOP BELIEVIN'HOLD ON TO THAT FEE-EELIN'HUNGRY PEOPLE!Yes, I just made a classic Journey song into a review.  It was truly that awesome. Wait, why are you still reading this, go get yourself some cannoli you fool!And don't forget that delicious stromboli!Kid friendly or Vegetarian lunch (Holy Stromboli is just meat and cheese goodness my friend, Edgee Veggee is veg-tastic)  and the cannoli (I tried almost all of them, the Downtown Janet was my favorite but the Seattlite was also A-MAZING) is better than any you've ever had.Tip: get more than you need, you'll crave them the second you finish what you got.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,3/8/2012,114,197,10,12,10>Met my partners in dine, Hannah L. and Nick H., at Lecosho for Seattle's Restaurant Week last October. We talked, laughed, drank and devoured. I've returned to Lecosho since our memorable October meal and they continually practice fine dining andnever cease to amaze me. If it's one the menu, be sure to try the cauliflower soup with truffle oil. It's light, thoughtful and packed with flavor. I can't stay away from the pork chop, spaetzle, red cabbage with apple entree. It will satisfy your palette as the flavor combinations dance across your tongue. As for desserts, I bathed myself in their vanilla rice pudding with huckleberries. Simple flavors that satisfied my screaming sweet tooth. Run your buns to Lecosho and treat yourself to an evening of pork and fantastic apps, side dishes and desserts. You'll thank yourself.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,3/7/2012,182,531,6,6,6>This location is a great one for studying and lounging because it is also a cafe.I got the tiramisu cupcake. There is an option to have it topped with espresso but I just chose to have the cupcake. I also tried the Orange U Bloody Glad cupcake. The tiramisu was the clear winner -- the light an moist vanilla cake was so delicately flavored and the whipped frosting as well. The Orange U Bloody Glad was a bit rich and the orange zest in the cake was very noticeable. So far, I think the tiramisu cupcake is the best cupcake I've had in Seattle. I definitely underestimated this place.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/30/2014,750,55,34,35,31>Howzit Ohana? (AKA For Aloha Family)!!Kauai Family Restaurant Brings me back to the 808 with the Best Hawaiian Food in Seattle!  Although I have never been to Kauai, only Oahu 11 times  I love this place for Comfort food to remind me of memories with Sand in Between my Toes in Waikiki, Hanging out at my Favorite Hilton Hotel in the World, being in the Sun all day that I blush as Red as a Lobster not because I am embarrassed but because I got Sun Burnt, my GrassRoots for when I first learned to surf, and the WondaPho Adventures in the Waikiki International Market !!! The food here is so Comforting I always wanna order half the menu to Grind (To eat like there's no tomorrow).  My Favorites here are: Loco Moco, Lawai Crispy Ginger Chicken, Spam Musubi, Lomi Salmon, Poi, Ahi Poke,  Oxtail Stew, Saimin, Malasadas, and  The Best Kalua Pork in Seattle!     Afterwards after eating it  puts me in a food coma where my skinny Jeans are super fitted, my belly gets plumper looking like I drank a 6 pack and I just wanna pass out on the Beach and Re-Live that Beach Bum life!!!Food:Loco Moco- Hamburger Patty with that Killa Whale AWEEsomeNess Gravy, add EGGs because everything is better with eggs and your in Comfort LAZYBOY SOFAKING Heaven. Lawai Crispy Ginger Chicken- Order this and ask for Dark Meat Only Peta told me so.  Very Juicy, Flavor is very Unique and keeps you wanting more, and the Batter is made Me Ke Aloha (With LOVE)!! My favorite Hawaiian Fried Chicken to get without spending $40 Dollaz SoRRwy Ma'Ono! THis is Dirty Lick'ns Good!!!Spam Musubi- Aloha Au Ia'oe Musubi (I Love You Musubi).  How can you go to a Hawaiian Restaurant to eat and not get this.  Kala, the Hawaiian UniCORN Fish loves this and so should you!Lomi Salmon- Salmon is a N.W. Staple in order to be a true Seattleite/ 206 Foodie Hipster get this it will add more Cool Points to your Foodie Account.  (At Least 25 Cool Points to be exact)Poi- It's Taro Cooked to be  a paste-like texture and have delicate flavor. It is known as a SuperPHood to give you all the Master Technique Skills to be #1 808 Wave Rider in the Surfing Competitions BRah, sorry I mean Bro ... no Braddah!!  Eat this and it is said that all the Wahine (Young Laddies) will be attracted to you!Ahi Poke- It is hit or miss depending on the season.  When it is in Season, You better be on this like catchin up on the Latest Season of Game of Thrones!! (note I do not watch Game of Thrones)Oxtail Stew- Such a Rub Ya Belly after your finished with this Savory Delicious Hearty Bowl of Stew.Malasadas- Best time to get these is when they open when they are Hot and Fresh Straight Out The Fryer! The Bags are even glazed with that Grease Sauce!Kalua Pork- Brok' Da Mout!! Got me Screamin OH SO GOOD!!! C'mon Hawaiian Staple get this it's the Best in Seattle Chautime Approved! [WARNING: Service does not suck you here!! You just ain't use to that 808 Hang Loose Life or you didn't realize when you're in here you gotta switch time zones to Hawaiian Time Zones PHOol!!!]:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:DThe Best Way to Elevate your Dining Experience Here is to go through the Door to Paradise!!! Cakes of Paradise and get ChoSelf 2Cakes and a slice of PIE then you will be in ParadisePieRSquared!!!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,10/29/2014,129,85,8,7,9>I came here for Seattle Restaurant week and fell in love. First of all, their view of the water is *spectacular*. This restaurant is the perfect place to take a loved one to celebrate a special event (anniversary, graduation, birthday, etc). Very classy, sophisticated, but also unpretentious.***SERVICE***The service we experienced was also phenomenal. Our server, Clint, was super attentive, patient, and generous. I would go there just to have him as a server again. He was such a great guy!***FOOD***They brought their A-game for Seattle restaurant week. For the main course I ordered the braised beef shoulder and the meat was a generous portion and incredibly tender, flavorful, and moist. My boyfriend and mom both got the salmon because they had run out of the ling cod and it was *very* good. Very light, moist and lightly seasoned. The scallop ceviche I had for an appetizer was very fresh and light with the perfect amount of citrus-ness, topped with two slices of avocado. I got to try some of my boyfriend's mushroom pate and that was very good as well.For dessert, they had run out of pot de creme, so I was allowed to choose the bread pudding-esque dessert and it was delicious. My boyfriend ordered the cheesecake and it was a very generous serving and very delicious. My mother ordered the last pot de creme and it was decadent and so so good.***DRINKS***Usually, larger upscale restaurants don't really pay much attention to their draft beer list, their only craft beer being Manny's which is always good but pretty standard, but Ray's had an IPA from Black Raven (a craft brewery in Redmond) and a Porter from Stoup (a craft brewery in Ballard). I was very surprised and thrilled.I was very impressed by the portions and with the level of accommodation they provided as well as their vast drink list. I will definitely be coming back for an anniversary or birthday :)
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,10/28/2014,68,801,2,15,7>I rarely get manicures because they usually start to chip/peel pretty quickly. Which then led me to shellac manicures, but those have also been hit or miss for me in the past. Well, after reading many glowing reviews for POSH NAIL SPA I decided to drop in. Most reviews suggested making appointments, so I did just that and I'm glad because they were busy the whole time I was there. Upon arrival (early afternoon on a Friday) I was greeted and asked to wait. I was a few minutes early for my appointment, so no big deal. Shortly thereafter I was sat at one of the mani stations and waited a bit for my mani girl to get started. I showed them some photos of nail art I wanted to try and was giddy with excitement about the results. It was a simple design, really. Just different colors on different nails and a bowtie on my ring finger with a jewel in the middle. LOL, but it is too cute. I also have horrible, ugly dry cuticles and my girl (I don't know her name, but it wasn't the owner or her mom) did a great job at cleaning them up. My nails were shaped perfectly - why can't I shape them this perfect, I don't know, but my short nails look cute. I can't stop staring at my them;)The salon was on the small side, but it sounds like they're expanding their space sometime in the future. It was nice and clean, though, and comfortable. Service was great, everyone was friendly and they called me by my name everytime they spoke to me, even though it was just my first time there. It was nice :) I livei n Kirkland and was in the area, but I will be back for more shellac manis! $29 for shellac mani + $5 for nail art.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,10/27/2014,33,182,8,16,13>Came to Nate's during their weekend brunch hours. It's definitely nice to have something in this little strip o' land.  Plenty of street parking.  The set-up is a little strange, I guess they weren't anticipating the consistently long lines.  We got there on the earlier side, so the line only barely went out the door.  When we left, it was REALLY out the door.  You stand in line, and then order at the counter.  You can find a table and they will bring the food out to you.  They also seem to do a large take-out business.They have a regular menu of wings, waffles, sandwiches, salads, & some sides; but they don't start serving this menu until after 2pm.  During brunch they do a few specials.  On the day I went it was a scramble, french toast, and a chicken & waffle combo.  There is a refrigerator with cans of soda, water, and juice.  I had the chicken strips & waffle combo.  I upsized to the bacon waffle.  Considering how many people were there, the food came out fast.  The waffle was big and fluffy.  I'm pretty sure they gave me a plain waffle instead of a bacon waffle because there was no bacon flavor or bacon pieces.  The chicken was juicy and peppery and I wish I had ordered more of it.  The pieces were on the smaller; but I'm more interested in quality than quantity...otherwise I would go to a mini-mart.  I really enjoyed my food. I also tried some of the home fries and they were delicious!The people working were super nice.They sell really cool t-shirts, but were mostly sold out.  I can't wait to get one.They definitely need to put in a recycling bin, probably a compost bin as well.  I will be back to try their lunch menu and more of that delicious chicken.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,10/26/2014,142,176,5,9,6>After another local bakery royally messed up my day by not having the cake I ordered ready on the day it was supposed to be picked up (read my review for Delite's Bakery), Borracchini's saved the day!I was out of town on Saturday and needed a cake for the next day, Sunday, so I was elated Borracchini's would be open. I called at about 4PM and asked if they could do a full sheet Disney princess cake by noon the next day, and they said yes! The gentleman who helped me over the phone was very friendly and read my order back to me to make sure it was correct. I was even able to pick the cake up an hour early that Sunday morning.The price was RIGHT and it tasted delicious, but more so I was super thankful that they were able to do a cake for me on such short notice. No child's 6th birthday would be complete without a cake!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/25/2014,220,123,6,9,8>Moore than Rocks has one of the largest selections of rock and mineralVarieties I've seen in the king/pierce county area.They carry rough, tumbled and shaped gemstones.Also tons of beads and jewelry crafting material.-And premade jewelry-The store used to be in the auburn super mall, by the name of "black market minerals". It was fun and they carried much of the same merchandise, but I think that the new location, name, and management have made a good store great.It feels more relaxed and welcoming than the prior location, it's way bigger, too! I was shopping forever! I felt a little like a child in a candy shop.They are still working on getting the shop set up, but it's looking great.  (As of review)Some of the signage and price labeling is confusing. So pay attention and ask if you need too, and make sure you remember the loose stone pricing- you may unintentionally get over charged.I just wish I had a store half this fun closer to me, but it's worth the drive.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,10/24/2014,152,379,6,12,7>I love beer, I love coffee, I love waffles. Seldom does one place serve all three at the same time, but Burdick does it and does it well. I had an excellent waffle breakfast with a fresh cup of pour-over coffee this morning, and although I didn't get a chance to try the beer this time, I would love to come back and do just that.The staff was super friendly, and the space is a nice place to hang out, especially on a warm day. I love to support small local brewers, and Burdick is definitely worth the drive to South Park and yet another reason I'm enjoying life on the south end.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/23/2014,43,192,7,9,9>I tried Blind Pig Bistro for the first time for my 26th birthday dinner last Friday. I had tried to make reservations at a bunch of different restaurants, but they were all booked up - so, as usual, I turned to Yelp and it told me to try Blind Pig. I called them and the person who answered was very friendly, and able to reserve a table for two at exactly the time I wanted.As others have noted, the restaurant is in a fairly unassuming little space with a small parking lot out front. If you looked at it, you wouldn't think it was a place you NEEDED to visit. But you'd be wrong! It's the shiniest diamond in the rough I think I've ever met. The space is simple and intimate, small but not crowded. The spacious restroom has chalkboard walls (where other patrons have chalked hearts and affectionate bons mots), which is a fun touch.Per the review recommendations, my partner and I decided to each order the full menu, which was about 9 courses strong that evening (see my photo of the menu) and only $45 a person. We didn't know what a few of the options were, but we're adventurous eaters, and we had a good feeling about things. As it turned out, we made the right choice. Every course was inventive, flavorful, unique, beautifully presented, and damn delicious. Each one seemed to improve upon the last. The portions are small - think European - but by the 9th course we had both hit the sweet spot of fullness, and we couldn't stop gushing to each other about how awesome it all was. I recall saying, "I feel like The Beatles the first time they discovered LSD." At the end, I had a hard time choosing between the two desserts offered, a spicy chocolate option and a panna cotta with rhubarb; ultimately I can never resist a good panna cotta. It was lovely.Throughout our meal, our servers rotated and every one of them was a gem. The service at Blind Pig reminded me of a much fancier restaurant, without being over the top - just perfectly attentive, with a dash of flirty, which I found appealing. We met the owner, Rene, who chatted with us as if we were old friends. We felt SO welcomed and content at Blind Pig, and that we got double or triple the bang for our modest buck.We ordered a couple rounds of "kitchen booze" (shots for the kitchen staff) and perhaps that endeared us to them, because at the end of the night they invited me to take a birthday shot with the staff. They chose chilled vodka. Usually I don't like straight vodka, but I already trusted them totally so I went for it. It was SO smooth.The whole experience made me feel like a very special princess, in the best of ways. A totally amazing night and one I can't wait to repeat; I also look forward to visiting their more casual restaurant next door as well. I have gushed about Blind Pig to everyone who will listen since last Friday. Do yourself a favor and GO.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,10/22/2014,468,742,9,15,14>There are not many Filipino restaurants in the Seattle area. Usually, these places specialize in one or few dishes or have some sort of good deal. I can say, without hesitation, that Fil Cusine is the best Filipino restaurant in the area because all their dishes are equally delicious.I came here with two other people on a Sunday evening, about 30 min before closing. Even though they advertise that they close at 7pm, we were still welcomed with open arms, and were busy serving a full restaurant.Fil Cuisine has a decent selection of food on the menu and serve it in two sizes: regular and family style. For those looking for diniguan or palabok, unfortunately you cannot find these dishes at Fil Cuisine. Anyhoo, this is what our party of 3 ordered. Everything was family style...hahaha yeah please don't judge us. We have been deprived from our parents' cooking for awhile now:ChicaronFried pork skin that is prepared by order! This was still poppin when it was served to us. Let it cool down for a bit and it is just amazing. Once you try this, it will be hard to go back to bagged chicaron. I can only imaging if they actually served palabok and topped it with fresh chicaron. Mmmmm!Mixed PancitMy friend wanted pancit bihon while the rest wanted pancit canton so we settled on the mixed pancit to make everyone happy. I love the mixed pancit here because it looked like even portions of the bihon and canton. I normally don't like bihon noodles since they can be dry or greasy but Fil Cuisine does it right. This is the best pancit I've had in WA, which had lots of flavor and did not taste greasy or feel heavy. Even my bf agrees with me and he hates pancit (I know, hard to believe right?). Although the menu asks to select either chicken, pork or shrimp, they were happy to add all 3 in our pancit. So sarap!Kare KareOx tail stewed in peanut sauce. I love the sauce and it was at a good consistency: not too thick or watery. There's so much of it and I just can eat that and rice. The ox tail just fell off the bone and I love how the veggies in this were not overcooked and still had a slight crisp to it.Crispy PataNice and crispy! Although I think Inay's serves some tasty (and generous) pata, I think Fil Cuisine does it pretty well.All of this food (and yes we had enough for leftovers for everyone) was $20 a person. While it did take awhile to get our food, the service is top notch. The owner apologized for the wait and told us that when they're not busy, the food is even better. Well if my friends and I thought this was the best Filipino food we had in the area, I can't imagine it being even better! He also gave us a slice of casava cake to enjoy on the house and was so good!I really can't find a way to dock this place so 5 stars it is!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/21/2014,340,758,12,22,14>Yes! I am one of "those people" that constantly drive past Bongos while going back and forth from North Seattle to downtown. I originally saw Samantha G.'s review and bookmarked it for the future. Months passed. Oh, Bongos. I should go there. One day, I was riding with two friends past Bongos and they couldn't stop raving about it. Okay. Gotta remember. Go to Bongos. When we arrived at our destination, I ran into Benjamin H. Guess what he specifically wanted to talk to me about? Bongos. It was a sign and I went that night. If you love pork, get the Desi. Beautiful citrus braised pork with large caramelized onions, jalapenos, banana peppers, aioli and cilantro. Bomb. The saba roll was toasted - crisp outside and tender inside. It held up really well to the flavorful aioli and juices from the meat. I usually don't eat jalapenos and banana peppers in the same dish but it works. I think it may be because the jalapenos are pickled. I don't like onions. However, I've eaten them here because the ingredients work really well together. For $7.99, it's a very good sandwich. I've also had yucca fries with cilantro aioli. They were shaped nicely, formed out of smashed yucca, then breaded and fried. They had a nice texture that was slightly crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. At $3.99, the price point seems a bit high for the portion. The spicy shrimp is priced at $8.99 for a plate. It's served with rice, Cuban black beans, mango agave slaw and maduro. The portion is good, shrimp cooked well, and the spice is as advertised. For those of you with milder tendencies, they can modify the amount of spice to accommodate you (I think it's perfect the way it is). The mango agave slaw brings freshness and coolness to the dish that tempers the spice of the shrimp. The beans are hearty and flavorful with smoky flavor. Maduro? Yummy! Firm texture, nice caramelization, and sweetness. Don't let the appearance fool you. Yes, it used to be a gas station. The interior is decorated well and the patio outside is split. There is an open area on the concrete complete with umbrellas to shield you from the sun. There is a covered area that has been transformed into bit of a sand pit. Kids love it! This place is great for groups and families. I've also seen a fair number of people with dogs (2 the last time I went). I'm definitely a fan and find the prices reasonable overall. I'm saddened by the fact that it took me so long to go here.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2009,2/11/2010,153,353,21,19,20>Araya has proven that if I had to go vegan due to new animal abolitionist overlords, I wouldn't have to be depressed for the rest of my life (just broke, more on that later.) The mandatory meat-free curries, especially the pineapple and the seasonal pumpkin, are among the best Thai in the city in terms of overall flavor, and while spice levels above 5 supplied here (up to 15+) recall a scene from This is Spinal Tap, it means one can order 5, feel heat macho and live another day while partaking with an Araya novice.This sounds like a glowing commendation so far, but there are two major drawbacks:- The lunch buffet is a diverse, unseasoned and uninspired disappointment. I avoided returning after a great dinner experience in their old location 7 years ago due to two trips to the lunch buffet until a gathering organized by a friend when I realized that Araya had in fact not gone downhill, it's just lunch. Variety of mediocre is just more mediocre.- Overly expensive in ways that don't make sense. I see no viable explanation for $11 pineapple curry and $13 pumpkin curry (rice extra) when standard curry costs $8. $9? $10? OK. $13 is baffling unless they know something I don't about pumpkin futures.Go to Araya for dinner bearing a full wallet and you will leave satisfied and spiced, especially if you need to impress that cute vegetarian you've long fancied (who somehow has never heard of it before, but hey, this whole scenario is hypothetical.)
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,2/9/2010,200,171,14,17,15>My previous disastrous drink experience left me treading lightly through the murky Wabi Sabi cocktail swamp. They've made progress, but there is ample room for improvement. The food was the real star of the show last night,. On our table we had several delightful appetizers, a Chirashi bowl, declared the best ever eaten by one in our party, and perfectly barbecued Kalbi. Nothing gets me more excited than good Korean barbecue, and those short ribs were to die for.So this is me, standing dogged, drinking a beer or a glass of wine to wash down my humble pie. I'll skip the cocktails for now.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,2/7/2010,331,569,13,17,13>King's Hardware is Seattle's Tower of Babel.  Walk through King's doors and you'll see people from all walks of life united for a common goal.  No, that goal is not to build a tower that reaches into the highest heavens.  Instead, tattoo covered hipsters, fake n' bake sorority sisters, teva and fleece wearing dog owners, and other Seattlites gather under King's roof to build up their alcohol tolerance.  King's is a fun place to grab a drink and play some skee ball, listen to Interpol and munch on some sweet potato fries, or grab an Elysian Pilsner and relax on the large outdoor patio.  Centrally located in the heart of Ballard, King's Hardware is worth a stop.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,2/6/2010,92,228,8,10,11>Boy, is this place ever misleading.  Unassuming dive bar on the outside leads to eclectic German pub on the inside.I read a friend's review and was astounded to discover this place was a German place.  WHERE DOES IT SAY THAT?  So the boyfriend and I high-tailed it out there, smack in the center of happy hour on a FRIDAY.  Talk about bravery (or stupidity).This place was crazy-packed but we snagged a table up front.  It took awhile for our server to make his way over to us, but we're both super forgiving when it comes to the Friday evening rush.  We ordered our beers, the deep fried pickles, the brined bratwurst (for me) and the Rinderrouladen (for him).  We were warned up front that the wait on the food might be around 25 minutes but that they'd get the pickles and beer out to us long before that.  We were fine with that...it's a Friday night!  We've got nowhere to go.We've had deep fried pickles before but they've got NOTHING on these - less greasy, less fried-skin, a better crunch to the pickles and more briney tang...SO good.  They came with some sort of sauce that tasted garlic-y.  They were PERFECT with our beer.The brined bratwurst was amazing - just a bit of bite, a beautiful carmelization...the brat was very smooth.  We were both misled into thinking it came out as a sandwich (like we, two seasoned Oktoberfest fanatics, are used to) but it actually came out de-constructed - toasted french bread on the side of the dressed salad on the side of the (per my choice) potato salad (which was AMAZING, you are doing yourself a disservice by NOT ordering this) on the side of the brat which was next to a pile of very fresh, crispy saurkraut which was next to a little dish of a really good mustard.It was truly a thing of beauty.We'd made bets on what we thought the rinderrouladen would be like and we were wrong.  We'd assumed the beef rolls were closer to a breaded roll with beef inside.  Instead, it was literally flat pieces of steak rolled up around a mixture of mustard, pickles, bacon, and onions and it was SO GOOD.  SOOOO GOOD.  The mashed potatoes were to die for.Even better, when we got our bill we found out that the pickles had been on happy hour!This is YET ANOTHER place in Ballard that makes me want to move out there.  OH MAN, we're coming back and we're bringing friends and family.Note: it gets drafty up at the front, what with all the people coming and going (coming to see if there's a table available, going when they realize that there isn't a chance on earth they're getting in anytime in the near future), so be prepared.  This'll probably be nice in the warmer months, but during the winter?  Brrrr...  :)
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/27/2009,2/5/2010,141,414,13,13,14>Knowing that Dante's is a bar in the U-District I immediately assumed it was a frat boy bar. No one ever corrected my assumption therefore I carried it around with me. The desire to enter the place never hit me until I found out they have pole dancing competitions there. I had to go to check out the competitors. Yes, you heard me right: there are pole dancing competitions at Dante's. The winner leaves with $200 big ones in her pocket.My friend and I walk in at about 10:00pm on a Saturday night. The bar was less than half full. Where are all the drunken frat boys? Yelling obscenities and picking fights with anyone who gives them a sideways glance? Dante's has an interesting architectural set-up. You walk in and the bar is to your right and there is an area with chairs and tables to your left. Then there is a long hallway leading either up the stairs to another sitting area or you can bust a right and go down some stairs to a dance floor, another sitting area, and a room with pool tables. After getting our drinks my friend and I looked around for a pole but found nothing. As we walked down the hall we found a stage-ette set up with a short pole. There were three girls warming up. We found a table and hung out until the show started. Dante's looks like a 70's tricked out basement. Its wood, dark, and brown.   I'm pretty sure I saw shingles on the wall somewhere. All this place needed was a lava lamp and velvet paintings. Finally the competition started. I wasn't particularly impressed with any of the competitors but I understand that it was probably difficult to maneuver on such a small stage and the pole wasn't a typical height. I had to go pay my water bill. The bathroom is tiny and Dante's doesn't believe in doors so the stalls have curtains instead. I can imagine many a drunk girl forcefully opening the curtain and yelling "Sorry!" to the mortified girl on the toilet.  The competition finally ended and as my friend and I were leaving the bar was packed. I see me some frat boys. Thank god we are leaving. Overall, my experience at Dante's wasn't awful. I only ran into frat boys as I was exiting the building plus there is pole dancing.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,2/4/2010,220,284,21,23,18>Move over bacon, fatty flank is where its at! Tantalizing slivers of quivering fat line the edges of perfectly thin slices of flank. I haven't found this type of meat at most other pho places. Needless to say, I gobbled it all up but there was almost more meat than I knew what I could do with. (Don't say "That's what she said!" - get your minds outta the gutter.)4 different kinds of broth. FOUR. That's redonk in the pho universe but makes total sense once its offered. Vegetarian, Chicken, Traditional Beef and of course what caught my eye - the spicy beef. Flavorful enough on its own that I didn't even have to drizzle my broth with the ever-trusty Sriracha. Like woah. $7 for a regular bowl is about the highest I'll pay for pho after living in the U District but this pho is absolutely well-priced for the quality. Can't say much for the service but that seems to be the standard at most pho joints - quick and not chatty. Pho is one of those few meals I like to enjoy by my lonesome. It's just not the type of food you linger and take little bites as you make small talk. It takes full commitment, tucked in napkins and an arsenal of sauces and condiments.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,2/2/2010,478,401,11,16,12>All Than Brothers restaurants now accept credit cards!!!  Can you believe it?  They finally caved!  And it's about goddamned time.  I think they might have tweaked their beef broth lately because it's a lot more flavorful than it used to be.  Noodles come out perfectly cooked, as usual.  And the cream puffs are to die for.  I got 3 extra cream puffs to go after I ate.  Nom nom nom.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,2/1/2010,140,456,10,16,13>I'm not usually a fan of blended margaritas (a little too froo froo for my taste), but I love Laredos' avocado margarita!  One was enough for me though, so I switched to their house margarita for my second.  It tasted fairly standard but was really strong!The food at Laredos Grill is pretty good.  I enjoyed the Pollo Laredo, which was a grilled chicken breast stuffed with a mixture of bacon, cheese, olives, onions, chiles and topped with a delicious cheesy beer sauce.  The guacamole is good, but I don't like how it contains big chunks of onion and bits of lettuce--and at $8 it's rather expensive.The service was a bit spotty, due to some initial confusion about whose section we were in.  However, everyone was very friendly and fairly reliable about replenishing our drinks.  The super-nice server even offered to split our check up for us--and he did it exactly right, five people four ways!For me the big attraction of Laredos is their fantastic happy hour.  They have a number of appetizers for $4 each, $3 Tecates and $4 margaritas!  My liver is happy that I don't work nearby.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2009,1/31/2010,37,230,7,13,12>This place has been around forever and thankfully so.  Every time we visit Pike Place Market, since I was a young girl, this place has always been a favorite stop and still is.My staple, a baked BBQ Pork hum bao and a sesame seed red bean ball to either eat while browsing the market or order a few of each to take home with me.Seriously, that's all I've had there... Maybe I should try something else... NAH!!!!The service has always been friendly, helpful and quick.  The price is right, I think it's $2.50 for the hum bao and under $2 for the sesame seed red bean ball.One of those places that I truly hope never goes away!!!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2009,1/30/2010,290,437,15,16,13>My mother really hates me. Well, not so much anymore, but I spent the first thirteen-ish years of my life convinced she must, because she moved from Hawaii to Seattle while she was pregnant with me. I've never been to Hawaii, and this has left my life somewhat incomplete.As long as I can remember, when my godmother and her hubby and their little babies [who are nearly teenagers -- crazy!] come to visit from Honolulu, our big little family all goes to Hawaii BBQ... If this food wasn't so damn good, I wouldn't know why they would be crazy enough to eat "Hawaiian cuisine," in Seattle, but Hawaii BBQ is consistently tasty and satiates whatever craving you may come in with.I don't know what it is, but their spam tastes so much better than what I cook at home. It's probably because I'm Asian-at-heart, but I'm always content to get the Hawaiian breakfast with grilled spam. Eggs and rice -- it's simple, but so satisfying. A healthy dose of ketchup and sriracha, and you have a meal that will fill you up and probably leave you bloated for a couple days [so much sodium!] -- but in the end, it's totally worth it.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,10/17/2012,68,326,5,5,5>There isn't a better tattoo artist in town. I know people fall all over themselves exaggerating that kind of thing but Lisa is the greatest. She is totally down to earth, funny, sweet and and an incredible artist. I went in to get a bicycle tattoo and it went from being a little something on my leg to an awesome big something on my chest. It is a full blown work of art. It was painful but that's how this business works. In any case, you'd be foolish to go elsewhere.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/16/2012,182,531,3,6,5>I thought the cakes were amazing.I tried the green tea mousse, azuki roll, and chocolate strawberry shortcake.  The cakes weren't too sweet and I loved them ALL!  The cakes were just the right density.  I loved that the chocolate strawberry shortcake had a light chocolate flavor; chocolate cake is way too rich most of the time.  My favorite was the green tea mousse because I just loved that slightly bitter maccha flavor.  I thought the prices were very reasonable, considering Hiroki in Seattle charges 6 dollars for a slice!  It's about 4.50 per slice here.  I can't wait to come back to try other cakes.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,10/15/2012,713,559,4,12,10>Barboza is Capitol Hill's newest hot spot for drinking, dancing, and socializing. I have only been here on Monday nights and, for what is normally known as an off night for clubs and bars, the place has been packed each and every time. On Mondays there is no cover charge and you'll find a rotation of DJ's that keep the crowd hyped up as the bartenders work through the constant mash of thirsty party people as best as they can.The only down side to the place is that its a bit small. The layout seems like it would be more conducive to a more laid back lounge atmosphere, but if the crowd gets to be too much for you, you can always head back upstairs to Moe Bar where things are a little bit more toned down.I'm looking forward to checking out other nights at Barboza, but as far as Mondays go, there is no competition anywhere in Seattle.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,10/13/2012,3276,1442,13,19,17>A Yummy Scrumptious Reason To Visit West Seattle!SITREPIt's terrible that I usually get stuck most of my time in Northern Seattle Areas like Northgate, Lake City, the U.District, and will get down to Capitol Hill (for obvious SOCIAL and DELICIOUS reasons) and then Downtown, Pioneer Square, and then catch some great Dim Sum in the International District.  But that's it these days!It takes an act of Congress (and possibly the will of god) to get me to hit anything further South than that (unless I'm booking along the Link-Light Rail heading to SeaTac).  But not on this occasion!  No no no!  Driving this Friday afternoon, I was purposefully making a trek to this famous baking-Mecca!THE CASTIt's funny how Yelp really DOES in some instances, help you make a decision to enact upon something where if you had NOT consulted the Yelp gods, you would be totally oblivious.  Most recently my sweet friends Julie G, Inna B, and Vanessa were raving about the wonders of Bakery Nouveau.  Then my dynamic & vocally talented friend Clover gave a more "balanced" & average take on Bakery Noveau.  Of course, I'm left standing bewildered at my lovely friend Sara S's ONE-STAR take on the whole bakery-endeavor.  QUITE a wide range of opinion, which in this instance demands my OWN personal visit(s) now.THE SETUPSo obviously I had to take matters into my own hands and check this out. Opportunity presented itself in work trips down to Olympia to take "diversionary side-treks" on the way down to and on the way back and hit West Seattle.  So that is indeed what I did.THE MENUBeing a fan of Pike Place Market Parisian bakery Le Panier ("oh vegetable-cheese tarts, how I love thee"), the powerful German bakery Kaffeeklatsch in Lake City (even the links look dashing in their smart pretzel "uniforms"), and then the exotic Cuban bakery Portos in Glendale, CA ("oh deep-fried crispy spicy potato-cheese balls, please clog my arteries"), I am no stranger to the universe of baking novelties.  So I was delighted to find an astounding array of baked goods that include the croissants, the cookies, the macaroons, the chocolate confections (the chocolate eclair is to DIE FOR - I have to stop at one, but I did not want to).  But no surprise here for any bakery worth it's salt...er...sugar.But for me what I found most impressive about this bakery was it's lunch fare, and along the lines of the aforementioned bakeries above, I love bakeries that (1)  have a THEME; and (2) focus on a substantial LUNCHTIME fare.  That is what I have loved about Kaffeeklatsch up in North Seattle area.  And now this is what I will love about Bakery Nouveau in West Seattle.CULTURAL DIVERSITYBut as Kaffeeklatsch is decidedly GERMAN in tone, Bakery Nouveau is decidedly FRENCH in tone, and this is what I love about this bakery and it's offerings:  it's tasty French cuisine, which is considerably more substantial I find, then Le Panier.  And for me, their lunch offerings really make the trip out here well worth while.LUNCHTIME FAREThere is a daily chalk board that informs what special menu items will be featured this day.  LOTS of delicious sandwiches, including Turkey Havarti, Roast Beef and even Roasted Duck on a baguette.  Coming back early Friday and making it in time for lunch let me grab the Roast Beef and it was delicious.However, their Ham & Cheese croissant is nothing to sneeze at and I took a couple of these down on the trip to Olympia with me.   They also have an array of pizzas, which look and smell great, and I will have to make sure I at least pick up the margharita the next time.  A NOONER - I MEAN A "QUICKIE AT NOON" - Dammit, I mean "QUICHE"  *JOY!*  One of the items that is my litmus test for French cuisine is the quiche, so imagine my surprise in finding a Quiche Lorraine on the menu here @ Bakery Nouveau!  I had to take a couple of these with me to Olympia and put them in my cooler for later consumption, and they were excellent even after popping them into the microwave (though I know that is not the way you should eat quiches - but these suffered none in term of flavor, consistency and just plain yumminess!).  So there you have it.THE LOWDOWNBakery Nouveau is easily one of the best bakeries that I have encountered in Seattle.  Fresh, crisp, delicious baked goods and delicious sandwiches and quiches for lunch.  You can't find a better, more fun bakery stop.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,10/12/2012,1139,93,4,7,8>A jewelry shop-aholics dream come true!!  This place is the gold medal champion of reasonably priced, beautiful jewelry in just about any color you can imagine!  If you are at all "OCD" like me, this is the store for you!  The store is organized by color so you can find just the right necklace, bracelet, hat, earrings, shoes, scarf, ring, etc. that you are looking for to go with your new outfit.  There are so many options to chose from that I would encourage you to give yourself at least an hour or two to peruse the entire store.  I have purchased many accessories from Charming Charlies and have been complimented numerous times when I wear them!  On top of that, the staff are friendly, and the store is stunning with it's sparkling, crystal chandeliers!  You've got to check this store out!!!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,10/11/2012,92,149,12,10,11>Holy crap, this place must be the most reviewed place on Yelp Seattle.  I finally tried the famous cuban sandwich today.  I was afraid that they would run out of sandwich because everyone says to go early, but we got ours around 230pm, Saturday! woohoo!  The wait was about 15-20 min.Anyway, I had the press sandwich.  The whole experience was like I was in one of those dreams that you don't want to be waken up from.  I know I looked like a dirty caveman when I was gobbling down the beast, but I felt no shame.  You know, have you ever had a dream where you meet a complete stranger and you have an epiphany that you've known that person your entire life?  This sandwich was like that complete stranger in one of those dreams, and I knew in my heart we had just revived a long forgotten connection.  Then suddenly, all that was left in front of me was stained paper wrap and crumbled used paper towels.  It was a devastating sight and I  just wanted more.  In short, the sandwich does live up to its hype, exceeded my expectation.  What makes it amazing?  Fantastic ingredients!!! The press sandwich used amazing bread, slow roasted pork, giant slices of caramelized onion, Cuban aioli, cilantro and banana peppers...  ok droooool...  If you haven't tried it, go ASAP.  it will change your life.  for serious.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,10/10/2012,123,455,7,7,7>I've had happy hour here a lot,but the weekend brunch is like the pearl in the oyster here.And there are plenty of oysters to be had. In my case two, very full plates of them. Both shucked on the half shell or as shooters in cocktails sauce. My only complaint about the oysters is that they weren't entirely shucked properly. The muscle was still attached so it was hard to just slide them down your gullet. There are lots and lots and lots of other things to stuff your face with here. The crayfish were spiced just write and easy to remove from the shell. The peel and eat shrimp were also good. There was some smoked salmon but it was frozen and very hard to eat(a strange kitchen misstep I guess) Several kinds of benedicts, a bbq salmon, roast beef with plenty of rare slices, crepe bar, pasta bar,4 million kinds of dessert(to sweet for my taste) and a caramel and a chocolate fountain with tons of dipable treats.It's all controlled chaos with the staff managing to keep drinks coming and dirty plates going. Great place to take grandma, or in my case my mother in law. A little on the spendy side but way more than your money's worth.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,10/8/2012,108,365,7,11,7>I've been meaning to try this place since they came to Firdale Village, but I am usually always there for the dogs.  (side note, if you have a dog, go to the Dining Dog and have the human food come from this place!)My good friend recommended this restaurant to me, as she is a business owner in the complex.  I am so glad she did because the experience was outstanding.We were warmly greeted by the hostess/waitress who is also the wife of the owner, I believe.  She sat us down in the inviting dining room.  I loved the artwork - particularly the tapestry that was on the wall behind us.  The restaurant from the first impression is a feast for the eyes, with so much to look at.  I couldn't wait to try the food!I ordered chai (which was so good - very robust and not too sweet), then we ordered the eggplant rolls for an appetizer.  Oh wow, these are sooooo great.  They are filled with a pomegranate-infused filling and topped with a molasses topping that is the perfect mix of sweet, tangy and savory.We decided to get the sandwiches - my friend ordered the lamb, and I ordered the chicken boti sandwich.  This sandwich is filled with a wonderful tandoori-style chicken along with a yogurt sauce, and plenty of greens, tomatoes and a little zip from some jalapenos, perhaps.  The pita, which is the perfect texture was tender without being soggy.  I think they hit the nail on the head with this sandwich.To end the meal, my friend and I split the Napoleon.  Oh wow, this was a wonderful and rich dessert with a flaky pastry crust and filled with vanilla cream and drizzled with chocolate!  Because the food, service and atmosphere was so wonderful, we left with a great feeling (mine was a feeling of wanting to come back) and our wonderful and hospitable received a nice tip and a great review on Yelp.Please, come visit Caravan - you will be so happy you did!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,10/7/2012,199,210,3,7,6>Cutters. When was the last time you thought of going to Cutters? For me, it had been years. I was lucky enough to be invited to the preview of Cutters Crabhouse, the update to the old standby Cutters Bayhouse.With a significant remodel, Cutters has shed its formerly-dated appearance is now a modern and comfortable restaurant atmosphere. I didn't have any particular expectations before arriving. When I'd last visited the Bayhouse we ate well, but the food didn't stand out in my memory. I'll remember the salmon I had at the new Cutters Crabhouse though.The restaurant is still surrounded on three sides by enormous windows, affording a great, unobstructed view of Puget Sound and the Olympics in the distance. The dated plaid maroon colors are gone, replaced by a very tasteful burnt sienna and sand theme. The staff was courteous and hip, and the overall vibe was pleasant. Freshly baked and piping hot sourdough bread was brought to our table quickly, with a cup each of whipped butter and smoked salmon aioli. For a starter, I had the clam chowder which came with delicious bacon crumbles on it. I had the salmon entree which featured a perfect balance of a tangy lemon-butter sauce and a little bit of that grill flavor. The salmon was laid on a bed of grilled potatoes and veggies, which were covered by green beans and a bit of fresh crab. Perfect balance, and beautiful presentation, far more attractive than what I see in photos from the old restaurant. Definitely the best salmon entree I have had in a long time. For dessert we had a chocolate and caramel mousse, served with vanilla cookies and fresh whipped cream. All told, every item was delicious, and the updated dining room makes the place a lot more appealing than it once was. Definitely worth checking out, and a great place to take visitors who need to catch a Seattle sunset over Puget Sound.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,10/6/2012,169,375,7,6,6>I love general Tso's chicken. Yea's wok has the best general tso's chicken I've ever had....ever! A group of four of us ventured into this little joint on demand of my growling tummy. I was hungry and dragged my friends along to eat. We ended up getting the brocolli beef, pork fried rice and general tso's chicken which was more than enough to feed me and three girls. The fried rice was dericious, the didn't skimp out on the meat and the servings for the other two dishes were generous. Price isn't bad at all either. This place attracts a pretty diverse crowd and seems relatively busy throughout the day.  Definitely one of the better chinese restaurants i've ever been to.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/25/2013,77,250,6,8,7>I was referred here by quite a few people, and I'm glad I made the trip.Uneeda Burger is definitely unassuming for what it is.  What it is, is amazing grub with awesome staff and a neat set-up.The menu isn't exhausting, but there's a lot of options to work through.  When my friend and I stopped in we were happy to be given time, instead of rushed to order up front.  I always judge specialty places like this by the simplest option they have first, so I just ordered a classic with cheese but opted for sweet potato fries and the root beer that was on tap (I got the last of the tap, so they offered to pour me a fresh one when they replaced it!). My friend ordered the BBQ smash with regular fries and a beer.  While her burger was a lot larger than mine, both weren't insanely unmanageable (less waste!) like a lot of specialty burgers can be.  While the interior is definitely casual -- there's a cuteness to the picnic benches, bars, and lighting that make it cozy.We both agreed the sweet potato fries are a much better option than the regular fries, but this is about the burgers -- and they were fantastic.  The classic passed the test by me, so the next time Ineeda burger, I'll be back to try something new and (presumably) amazing!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,1/24/2013,431,844,5,13,10>How did I forget to review Discovery Park?! The park is over 500 acres nestled in Seattle's Magnolia neighbourhood and also our city's largest public park, created from Army land surplus in the 1970s. There are nearly twelve miles of walking trails with a Loop trail that takes you through various habitats before landing you with some spectacularly gorgeous views of Puget Sound.There are over 250 species of birds in the area, according to the Seattle Audubon Society and sea lions, harbour seals, and fat little Townsend's chipmunks if you have a keen eye! If you drive through the park itself, you can check out the Daybreak Star Cultural Centre and some of Fort Lawton. Within the park, there's a secured sewage treatment plant but you cannot see this from the trails themselves. On the northern end of Elliot Bay, there's a lighthouse from the late 1800s. It was the first manned light station on Puget Sound and the last one to become automated in the 80s. It's not open to the public at this time but there are plans to do this.Friends of mine enjoy jogging on the trails while others will come with a book to just lay down for some relaxation time. We've even had a full out NERF war here and it was a blast even though we had to walk around reclaiming all the bright orange darts! Take care not to get lost if you stray from the paths, as I said this park is over 500 acres and you can get lost! Visit if you haven't before. Don't forget to stop by the Daybreak Centre and walk down to the view point. It's simply beautiful.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,1/23/2013,56,111,6,14,7>The first time I stopped in here with my buddy for scotch was magical. There was almost no one in the bar on a Tuesday night. The bartender came over to chat with us and we mentioned we were on a mission to try some good scotch. My friend made the mistake of saying he knew a thing or two about scotch, so the bartender gave me - the rookie - all of his attention. This included bringing over samples of 3 different scotches (Oban, Ardbeg, and Macallan) and giving me mini-lessons on their finer points. After I had tried all three, he asked which I liked best (it was Ardbeg) and said he had the perfect cocktail in mind. I proceeded to enjoy THE VERY BEST DRINK I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. It was the perfect mix of alcohol and mixers, slightly sweet and citrus-y, with a strong focus on the specific flavors of the scotch. Normally I drink very quickly, but this cocktail DEMANDED to be enjoyed in sips - and I obeyed. According to my buddy, the drink was called the "No Stinkin Badges," which is still on their menu, but I haven't ordered it again (yet) to be sure.I've been back to Knee High a couple of times since then, and I always really enjoy it. The servers are great, the food is tasty, and the drinks are top-notch. The decor is dim and intimate and would be perfect for a date. All my visits have been with friends and it's great for that as well.Knee High is one of those hard-to-find speakeasies, appropriately nondescript except for a small placard near the door with their name on it. It's a good idea to make reservations because the space is small. You can only make reservations via text message and they begin responding to texts at 5pm.Go here, feel fancy, and have an amazing cocktail. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,1/22/2013,615,1175,6,13,9>This bookstore is quite amazing.  I can spend hours here every time I visit.  In fact, just spent a couple of hours here over the weekend!There is so much to see here that there is no way I can cover it all.  Japanese and English manga, stationary, pens, pencils, photography books, cookbooks, travel books, kids books, calendars, stuffed toys, backpacks, cards games, DVDs, etc!  There is even an upper floor with a ton more books and CDs.  It is a never ending supply of really cool, interesting, and even weird items!The staff are super friendly and helpful.  Parking in the Uwajimaya lot is validated, which is fantastic because then you don't have to worry about finding street parking.You definitely must visit this bookstore.  It is awesome!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,1/21/2013,325,189,15,27,12>When you walk through the doors, hear that calypso music, and smell that delicious food, you are transported straight to Trinidad - unfortunately Guy Fieri is also on the island with you screaming, "WELCOME TO FLAVORTOWN!". I really wish that he would lay off the peroxide and put his sunglasses on the right side of his head, because he is seriously ruining my Trinidad vacation fantasy. I have been here on several occasions and the food has always been amazing. I was skeptical of trying it at first because it was different and scary to me, but I am so glad that I did! The beef curry roti will BLOW YOUR MIND. The meat is fork tender and will fall apart in your mouth. The curry is perfect - not too spicy, but just spicy enough to open up your sinuses a bit! Don't even get me started on those potatoes, they are awesome! The chicken curry roti is also tasty. If you come in for lunch they have it all wrapped up for you like a nice little Trinidadian hot pocket. The problems that this restaurant has (that are repeated in almost every Yelp review, whether good or bad) are the slow service and high prices. I have personally always had good service at Pam's. In the three times that I have been here, I have been served by the owners son, a random girl, and this really funny guy with dreadlocks. I have thought all of them have been polite and I enjoyed their conversation. I enjoyed dreadlock guys dancing the most of all. But, they are definitely on island time here. For me, it is not that big of a problem - I just come when I know I have 2 hours to kill. As for the prices, I think they are way too high for a college area. Even after graduating from college and getting a full time job there is just no way that I can afford to drop $15 + tip for one meal very often. The restaurant claims that food costs have gone up, hence the rise in prices. It is true that prices do fluctuate, but I am not sure if that warrants Pam's prices. It made me curious how much CURRENT national averages are, so I went on the U.S Bureau of Labor Statistics website. Boneless beef roast: $4.63/lb. Boneless chicken breast: $3.41/lb. Potatoes: $0.62/lb. Flour for Paratha: $0.49/lb. Let's say for dinner you order the beef roti - you definitely don't get a pound of meat or a pound of potatoes, so I will be generous and average it to half a pound - the meat, potatoes, flour for bread, and the cost of some spices should only come out to about $3-$4, leaving a profit of around $10-$11 per plate before tax or tip. Multiply that times the average 2-3 customers per table and however many tables they have occupied. If they moved a little faster they could turn over 1-2 tables in an hour. This seems like a pretty large profit to me. Hmmm...I don't know Pam's food costs, but for a family run business that doesn't need to pay a large amount of employees, it seems like they should be making plenty of profit. Are you trying to trick us Pam? Seems more likely that douche Fieri dropped by, gave a good review, and prices soared. The last thing I need to address is this battle between the business owners and Yelpers. The first time I went here I heard the owners son saying that Yelp reviews are stupid and I read some reviews mentioning that the owners sent some negative replies. The customer is not always right - sometimes they bitch and moan for no reason. Not every food critic is Guy Fieri - most are just loyal locals in search of great food. Both the owners and the customers have good and bad days, so instead of arguing, why don't we support our local establishments and the owners support their customers? Can't we all just get along?
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,1/19/2013,49,294,8,12,9>Simply Phenomenal!  I have been meaning to try this place in my new neighborhood for months now but we were waiting for the perfect occasion.  The occasion was my birthday dinner with my amazing boyfriend.  Upon entering we were welcomed with friendly smiles, and seated promptly near an open air window in one of their 4 large dining sections.  We were given this amazing warm flaky bread that came out with its own pesto side dish, and all tables were equipped with olive oil as well.  I ordered a glass of Primitivo wine from Italy which was very delicious and priced accordingly. I had a really hard time deciding what I wanted because everything sounded so good!  My boyfriend ordered the pork belly handmade ravioli, and I ended up choosing the ravioli on special, it was all written in Italian so I can't tell you what it was (I knew I would love it), but it had meat and red sauce and I made an O face for sure as soon as it touched my tongue. The ravioli was like no other ravioli I had seen before, well at least not your typical ravioli shape.  There were about 5 or 6 huge raviolis on both of our plates and they looked more like giant pot stickers which I was perfectly fine with, oh and can't forget a small dish of parm cheese on our table with the cutest little spoon I ever did see.  I ended up trading some of mine for some of my boyfriends and both were sooo good.We both couldn't finish it all as it was a lot of food after the bread consumption and rich too, we left with two to go boxes, one of which will be devoured for a late breakfast momentarily.The service was exceptional, the ambiance was classy and romantic but I didn't feel the need to be dressed up.  We poked our heads outside on their back patio which we will definitely be back to sit out on as it was lovely.  I was telling my boyfriend this might be our new favorite place.  I will be back soon to give happy hour or their new brunch a try.  So excited about this discovery!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/18/2013,27,89,8,11,7>Hot pot!! I have to limit myself to how often I frequent Gourmet Noodle because I always over eat and feel crappy the next day. This is clearly my fault, but I blame them, too, for the food being too darn good to put down. We try to go with a big group each time because it's more fun, but once there were just 3 of us, and we did some serious damage nevertheless. It's the sauce I think...they have homemade red chili-type sauce with jalapenos and other scruptious bits, and they serve it with garlic, peanut sauce, cilantro, etc that you make into a little slurry to dip everything in. The little concoction you make with those ingredients is so good you can eat it by itself! However, it's even better when you have all the meat, veggies, and noodles to accompany it. Since the servings are unlimited, we usually get extra beef and noodles, and it's amazing how much food you can put away when you're sitting there cooking it for a couple of hours. But then when you stand up, it hits you like a ton of bricks, and there is no escaping it! Besides the food hangover the next day, everything about this experience is positive. The prices are very reasonable if you bring your appetite (~$18 per person), and the service is prompt and friendly. Definitely a top pick in Seattle if it's a hot pot kind of day for you!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,1/17/2013,167,645,3,17,10>Foundation is the latest venue in a location with a storied history in the former location of Venom and before than Medusa.  For those who remember the previous clubs, the layout will look familiar.  But there are some notable upgrades as well in the decor, the visuals (sweet LED displays), and the sound (truly awesome bass).  Granted it was the first weekend, the place was surprisingly empty at midnight.  But with a stellar lineup of progressive house DJs  in October, I will definitely be back (Christopher Lawrence, Sasha, and Paul Van Dyk).  It will be interesting to see if they can maintain booking world class DJs, but if they can, they will hopefully last longer and with fewer problems that Venom.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,1/16/2013,595,1498,8,11,10>Visited The Matador to attend a going away lunch for a colleague moving to another group at work. The Matador has four locations and this is the only one on the Eastside. It is located in downtown Redmond near Redmond Town Center.Recently a number of condos have popped up in the area, so it was a bit confusing driving here since I wondered if I had passed it. If you see the condos, there is about a block or two till you get to the restaurant.While there is on-site parking available, it is relatively limited. So you likely need to park on the street. Though Redmond is not really a busy town, street parking was a bit of a challenge due to construction nearby. I ended up finding a space near Redmond Way about two blocks away. Seems like there is more parking away from the Redmond Town Center area.The Matador has really nice ambiance. High ceilings in a lovely brick building. There is also a patio in the back. This is probably the most Seattle-esque restaurant you can find in Redmond.The menu is considered as Tex-Mex which sounds about right. Not authentic Mexican, more like Mexican fusion. Ordered the braised beef tacos ($10.95) which looks like the beef version of pulled pork. The beef tacos had a nice slightly spicy (ancho chile) seasoning to it. The avocado slices in the tacos are a nice touch. The rice and black beans accompanying the tacos were also very good.Though it has been several years since I have visited for happy hour, they do have a good one of note here.If you are looking for a spot that has good food, ambiance and drinks in Redmond, The Matador is the place to go.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,1/15/2013,140,198,11,19,15>I'd heard great things about Honey Hole for quite some time, but I wasn't sure if I wanted to go there.  I'm a little...particular about my sandwiches, and I hate asking them to leave half the ingredients off.  We were hungry, and headed to an event in CH, and I finally decided I was just going to do it.  What a great choice!Since I'm not a fan of things like cheese and mayo, sometimes restaurant sandwiches just aren't great (blah). At home I can load up on the veggies, but it's not always possible in a restaurant.  When I saw The Gooch, though, I knew I had to have it.  The server didn't mind leaving off the cheese & mayo, and my sandwich didn't suffer at all.  The meat is seasoned wonderfully, and the au jus added some great flavor and helped soften the bread a bit (I like that they toasted the bread, sometimes French dip type sandwiches fall apart once you start dipping).  The onions are sliced super thin, and thus nice and tender. The bathrooms are wheelchair accessible (rare in small restaurants), and the crowd at the restaurant was great - when a nearby table spilled their water, there were plenty of napkins offered by surrounding tables, not just people staring.I'll be back!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,1/15/2011,99,124,14,13,14>What to do while I'm waiting for my girl to finish her grooming at Great Dog? Sip an iced latte next door at Bark! Espresso. This clean, spacious site serves Vita in several forms and there's a happy hour on weekdays from 3-7pm. My latte was $1 off, which made *me* want to bark for joy... Bark! offers lunch and snack options, including cookies from local Skydottir, a gluten free baker in the 'hood (hyper-local!).  They have hooks out front so you can park your dog while you order your caffeine fix. Also, there are multiple tables outside so you can sit with your friends, furry and non, to enjoy your drinks. Free wi-fi is an added perk.Along with the delicious coffee, I can watch all the doggies coming out of playcare next door. It's the kind of place I'll come back to "sit and stay."
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,1/14/2011,395,91,13,16,15>Black Bottle is an ideal spot for lady dates, bday bashes, and pre-funk sessions before making your way downtown. It's swanky enough for a sexy outing with your sweetie and hip enough to use as ammunition to coerce your newly singled/ grieving friends back into the wild again because everyone here is ultra handsome. I really love that they bring me my martini remnants in a side shaker. True the martini glass is small but I used to tend bar and I figure the average ounceage on one of these pours equates to about 1.5 martinis for the price of one. Booze appreciators rejoice!Pretty much everything on the menu here is delectable. I love the hanger steak, seven spice shrimp, and green beans but the prices are even sweeter. I'm a fan of your Gastro-tavern Black Bottle.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,1/12/2011,779,709,13,13,16>This is a local treasure that nearly everyone knows about, shows up on repeated 'top XX places to XX in Seattle area)" and that many Eastside schools utilize as a field trip stop year after year, so if you haven't been there, you should go.The Holiday season displays are phenomenal. That alone is worth you going and making a tradition of visiting this space. That they don't charge admission (donations and close parking has a nominal charge) But this is a garden, people. Featuring local flora. Which means it changes and evolves with the seasons like that other thing, what's it called. oh, yeah, Nature.It is a fantastic way to spend an afternoon. The trails are well kept, the "displays" are gorgeous (and educational if that's your bag), and there are open spaces where you could sit and simply enjoy the weather and scenery. This is a fantastic place for photos. Both of nature, or if you need engangement pics, senior pics, family photos. The options, scenes, various lighting in different areas, are all just fantastic for that, as well.For a relaxing and romantical way to spend an afternoon: a fun outing for the kids: a great steward of education in the community: and a beacon of green space in a crowded suburban area: Bellevue Botanical makes my 'do and do again' top 10.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,1/11/2011,543,163,31,39,35>I'm afraid I'll be shunned for awarding only four stars, but HANG ON!  I just went there for the first time yesterday after having called the Emerald City home for over four years now.  I just provided more shunworthy information, didn't I?  I also did not have the much ballyhooed Midnight Cuban. After revealing this, I ought just to go home now and board up my doors and windows since no one will ever care to see me again.Anyway.I finally made the trek out to the famous sandwich shack yesterday for my first-ever Paseo sandwich.  To my delight, they offer not only a tofu and onion sandwich--options I'd known about--but also a shrimp sandwich and a fish sandwich.  What joy to my pescetarian eyes!  I had no idea.  That's how much of an unbalanced share of the hype the porky sandwiches get.I ordered the fish sandwich at "four stars" of spiciness.  I hadn't previously realized that spiciness could be dictated.  By this point it's probably becoming clear that I hadn't realized much about Paseo.  I figured there were enough people talking incessantly about it that it didn't need any mindshare from the likes of me.We managed to pounce on one of the four or so small tables as a couple previous diners departed, just in time, since a downpour began between the time we'd ordered our sandwiches to go and the time we got them.There I was, face to face with a sandwich of legend.  I contemplated how there could only ever be one first bite of a Paseo sandwich, and this was my moment.  My dining companion observed a moment of silence to allow the full gravity of the moment spill into our dynamic.In a flash, the deed was done.  Like so many other things, the first exposure was less remarkable than the cumulative exposure that I gained throughout the course of enthusiastically chowing down the entire sandwich without much hesitation.  Honestly, I couldn't make out what kind of fish was in the sandwich, but let's be clear: it didn't matter.  Between the hearty bread, the garlic tapenade, and the nice level of spicy heat delivered at the four star level, it's a package that works very well.  I was a little shocked at the amount of oil that seemed to coat the paper in which the sandwich had come wrapped, but not overly so.  I even managed to keep my hands mostly clean--a feat long considered impossible if you're to go by the wisdom dispensed in hundreds of other reviews.  A fork to pick at the bits and pieces that regularly fell from the sandwich was helpful in this endeavor.While there's no way it could have lived up to the Denali of hype that's been heaped upon it, I will say this.  The final moments of consuming my sandwich were occupied by thoughts of how I'd like another, right then.  (I was glad later to have not followed such a course of action, since the sandwich danced around my belly for hours afterward--not in a bad way, but in a way that kept me quite conscious of what I'd had for lunch.)Having heard tales of the myth and the legend, here are a couple aspects I found noteworthy upon my first face-to-face meeting with the Paseo beast.* The line is often mentioned.  This turned out to be a non-issue for me in this case.  Within about four minutes of stepping into line, I was ordering my sandwich.* The running-out-of-bread is often mentioned, and everyone laments, "Why don't you buy more bread, Paseo?"  Given the advantage of dining in, I was able to observe the environment more closely and see that the bread is sourced from Macrina.  Macrina is a local bakery that supports three retail locations and supplies various grocery stores with bread every day, along with however many restaurants, including Paseo.  Could it be that Macrina's capacity to produce bread simply cannot satisfy the load that Paseo could impart?  I think so.  They're getting all they can from the local bakery, and I for one would not want the quality of the bread compromised in order that they might sell sandwiches later into the afternoon.So, a pretty positive review here.  Four stars?  This gives me room to award an additional, fifth star, if I so warrant, after additional visits and trying out the other sandwiches that flirt with my palate.Godspeed, good Paseo.  Until we meet again.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,1/10/2011,37,230,9,12,14>First time to this place, 10 minutes to 4pm and the line is almost out the door.  One of the guys looks up and asks if we're all ok with To Go orders since they are taking a break from 4pm to 5pm...That was my plan anyway, it's a small little place with not too many places to sit and I had to get back to work.What is great is the dedication to their customers...It was going to take more than 10 minutes to get everyone served, but they were going to serve all who were in line prior to taking a break.  Service was extremely fast & I don't think it was only because they were anxious to take a break!!!Had the lamb gyro plate with hummus & rice for $8 even... OOH SO GOOD!!!Think I found a new place for lunch!!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,1/9/2011,172,350,10,18,13>I like disgusting food as much as the next person so when I gave up meat, I was sad to be giving up things like fast food burgers and hot dogs from carts.  The vegetarian counterparts just don't cut it most of the time.Luckily for me, there is Dante's!  The chipotle vegetarian dog is spicy and perfect - none of that weird fake meat texture.  I can load it up with cream cheese, relish, onions, ketchup, mustard, kraut and chow down like there's no tomorrow without feeling like I'm missing out on a thing!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,1/8/2011,200,171,16,14,13>According to the Google Translator the Vignole in Cafe Vignole means: Vignole.Well that was helpful. Time to check a different source.According to the Carrie L. B. Translator the Vignole in Cafe Vignole means: delicious, well prepared Italian classics served in a cozy unexpectedly welcoming setting. We started with a lovely antipasti platter that could have easily fed the three of us dinner, but we're a buncha pigs, what can I say? So we also had the grilled pear salad, two different pasta dishes and a wonderful chicken marsala piati.There, that's a much better translation and very accurate too, I might add.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,1/5/2011,220,284,15,21,17>I wish I could call this place SSPSR - so I will. Two things to keep in mind: 1.) I've only had hot pot twice and 2.) It had been over a year and a half since my last encounter with this spicy Szechuan goodness.And with that being said, this place blew up my taste buds. There was so much food from the Family Hot Pot that I've had enough left over for breakfast AND lunch today. GREEN ONION PANCAKES: Everything all the other Yelpers below me have said. Crispy and perfect. I wouldn't change nary a thing. CRAB CHEESE: Basically Crab Rangoon, deep fried crab with cheese? Whaddaya think? Awesome, that's what. FAMILY HOT POT (highly recommended!): It was a plethora of meats, seafood and veggies - mushrooms, bamboo, tofu, a giant platter of red meat, fish balls, tripe, vermicelli, thick noodles, cabbage, potato. Came with this yummy Korean-esque fermented soybean paste. Make sure the beef doesn't cook too quickly!  We chose the half spicy and half regular soup, always fab to have such options. **The only hot pot that doesn't do free re-fills but if you can even finish one of these between two people, you're a beast and I applaud you and your inhuman stomach. It's upstairs in this little cluster of restaurants, they accept cards (whole meal was about $19 each for two ppl) and the people are super duper friendly. I'm hooked! And if you've read this entire review, no, I don't know what my 100th review will be. Help!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,1/4/2011,316,105,10,11,11>This coffeehouse is a convenient, warm home away from home for me when I house/dog sit for friends near Eastlake.  It's really grown on me over the few years it's been open.  The decor is some kind of retro-modern hybrid that evokes Woody Allen's 1960s era analyst's office while having the modern clean lines and smooth, glowing wooden surfaces of the newish condos above Vivace in South Lake Union.  I like the homey-but-not-dingy feel of it.  The baristas are gracious and efficient in a laid back way, none of the Starbucks perkiness but if you want that just go a few blocks down the street.  The Stumptown espresso is better than the drip coffee, and they work magic with soy milk.  Pastries are from assorted local bakeries and sandwiches are made in-house.  They score points in my book by stocking healthier options like yogurt, bananas and hard boiled eggs.  There are a few outdoor tables, notably tucked under the building above creating a lovely rain shelter.Voxx isn't ideal for meeting friends when you want to have a long, serious conversation unless you want to tempt eavesdroppers. The tables are a bit too close together, and as other reviewers have noted.  Unless you are cool with sitting on the bench together like new lovers or manage to score the couch in the "couch area" it's hard to chat comfortably.  When you're alone, sitting on one of the benches enjoying the big windows, delicious coffee and the free wi-fi.  They even give love to the canines- just ask for a dog biscuit if your furry companion feels left out of the fun.  Voxx is my favorite cafe in the neighborhood, not somewhere I'd go out of my way for, but perfect when I'm in the area.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,1/3/2011,718,1048,11,17,14>Craving a cocktail at a swanky venue that might make you wish you were dressed up in a simple yet elegant cocktail dress? (If dresses make sense for you, of course.)La Bete might just be the spot you've been hoping to find.I felt very under-dressed on my visit here, but I still found it easy to enjoy the atmosphere and my delicious Basil Collins. They have some fantastic cocktail offerings!I was only in the mood for a light snack, but wasn't especially in the mood in any of their snack items that day. I did try some of Katy's pork rinds and those were... interesting. If I liked pork rinds, I think I would have found them to be a wonderful indulgence. As they are not the kind of food that I generally enjoy, however, I was not all that pleased by them.ps: The space seems to feel a bit swankier when it's dark outside, so I'd recommend a visit after the sun goes down.Snack items to consider next time-+ Smoked Scallop Arancini+ Three Cheeses with Pear Mostarda, Arrope and Macrina BreadsPlates that strike my fancy that I'll have to try someday-+ Endive and Radicchio Salad with Albacore Tuna Confit, Meyer Lemon, Pistachio+ Poached Duck Egg with Duck Fat Potatoes, Chanterelles, Lardons+ Sea Scallops with Potato Gnocchi, Romanesco, Sea Urchin, Fine Herbs
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,7/26/2008,251,244,12,17,15>I don't have kids. I don't spend a lot of time around kids.Some of my favorite people have kids and I like them, so when they have birthdays and such I try to please my friends by not getting their kids something noisy or super gross. I prefer to get their children educational toys (my friend's kids are practically brilliant), but the whole point is to get something the kids will like and enjoy, riiiiight?Enter Curious Kidstuff.Tons of fun AND educational toys and games for children of ALL ages. Shoot, I had a hard time not buying things for *myself* here.The staff is incredibly friendly and totally helpful for those like me who want to give a good gift with a personal touch but don't know a whole lot about what 6 year olds like these days.Another major perk? They offer free gift wrapping and they do a damn good job at it.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2008,7/23/2008,222,363,11,12,12>I'm a currently enjoying one of their brisket sandwiches, accompanied by a large pickle wedge (crunch and taste of a Clausen) and cole slaw (oddly spicy with a lot of citrus undertastes). The brisket is teeeeeeeeeender and tasty. They don't skimp on portion either. Lovely, soft roll-bun thing loaded with slabs of briskett and just a smattering of a sauce (there's a side of BBQ sauce for those that like their sammies drownin' in it). The BBQ sauce is a bit spicy for me so I choose to dip my sammie's corners into it from time to time. This is my second visit to Frontier Cafe and I'm certain it will not be my last. My first visit was more of a recon trip where a group of us ventured down the street and picked up sides instead of entrees. I had their mac&cheese and a side of beans. Good portions again, with the mac&cheese not too generic but yet not too avant garde and the beans oh-so yummy. A co-worker picked up their greens side and it looked very hearty and smelled good.The service these two times has been friendly and quick. They have beer and wine, as well as something called Dry Soda (a tad spendy at $3.50 a bottle, but looked worth trying - the Rhubarb and Lavendar flavors really stood out).
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,7/22/2008,2,40,10,7,9>Whenever I venture to eat Pho at this Capital Hill joint, I always sing that annoying Baby Bash song, "Cyclone" but change up the lyrics a bit.  "She moves her body like a pho cyclo" is what I sing to my friends or my fiance' while trying to find a parallel parking spot.  While parking my car, I like knowing that in about 20 minutes, I'm about to have some delicious pho and a side of spring rolls as an appetizer.Pho Cyclo delivers pho that I am use to eating in the past.  The delicious soup has the right amount of noodles, meat and cilantro.  If you're feeling extremely hungry (like how I always feel), order a large.  If you don't want to be overly stuffed, I suggest ordering a small.  Their spring rolls here are divine and the sauce they give you for dipping is just right.  You don't have to break your budget here either.  Pho cyclo is cheap, and if you're a real money pincher, they'll always refill your water glass (unlike Than Bros).Also, if you have the cold or the flu, the pho at Cyclo is exactly what you need for that soothing feeling you so desperately crave when sick.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,7/21/2008,238,754,9,8,10>Yeah yeah yeah.  I know.  Additional reviews not required.(CHECK!)I wandered in here yesterday just to wander in and realized that I had never wandered in.(CHECK! ONE!)There were racks and racks of tunes, awesome music related attire, mints in tins that said "Have A Mint.  Your Breath Smells Like Butt", and used DVDs for around FIVE BUCKS.(CHECK! ONE! ONE! TWO!)The music playing in the store was NOT pretentious Seattle hipster, indie band bullshit that sounds like a cat in a blender.  It was something soulful from the 70's.(CHECK! ONE! ONE! TWO! ONE! TWO! TWANG!)I quickly snatched up a stack of DVDs and made a dash for the register.(CHECK! CHECK! TWANG! TWANG!)While I stood in line, I took a quick survey of the clientele.  The guy in front of me was there with his kid (about six years old and adorable) and they had just scored about twenty DVDs.  (CHECK! TWANG! Folks thanks for coming out to hear the Raveonettes today! TWANG!)There were several couples holding hands and talking about bands they'd heard live.(TWANG! They'll be playing at Neumo's tonight.  But we've got a free, in store show coming up in a few minutes.  CHECK! ONE!)The lady behind me was about seventy and I think she had a Sex Pistols CD in her hand.(CHECK! ONE! ONE! TWO! ONE! TWO! TWANG!)Oh, yeah, and they have free in-store shows all the freakin' time.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,7/20/2008,36,87,13,11,14>Did I really just eat that sober?Anyway, let's face it. If you're scouring the Yelp reviews looking for a place to eat, you're not going to be looking up Dick's. Nor should you. It's not a place where you make dinner plans earlier in the day or week to go to Dick's that night. You just..... go. Fuck the reviews, you want greasy food. So why am I writing this? To boost my Useful / Funny / Cool, of course!It's all been said in the 100+ Dick's reviews, and you're not gonna read through that many reviews for fast food hamburgers. It's quick, greasy, fun, cheap, unhealthy. Food for the id. It's unique and nostalgic - like going to a drive-in movie. It'll probably make you poop. But damn, it's good old-fashioned Americana fun. The burgers are messy, the fries are soggy, and my mouth is partying like it's 1999.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2008,7/19/2008,35,53,8,9,10>If you've ever had Captain Crunch followed by orange juice and LIKED it, you'll find a lot to dig at Dinette. A big slab of toast followed by a vinaigrette will do a similar number on your palate.We've been here a couple of times. Props for innovation, presentation, and general ambiance. Most dishes are very good, and the rotating menu ensures we go back periodically. Nice staff--attentive, but not overbearing. Last time, the sommelier practically drew a map of France for us while recommending a Rhone wine. Such elementary tutelage generally makes me feel idiotic, but I give him props for pulling it off without a hint of condescension. Plus, they have Lillet, a rare and wonderful aperitif.I reserve five stars for places that consistently serve eyes-rolling-back-in-my-head-good fare (for their genre). I've had a couple of half-misses here, however. Small things in the big picture--a slightly vapid gnocci here, an overly aggressive gorganzola there. No biggies, but the upshot is I feel a little less adventurous here than I'd like. Still, I'd recommend Dinette to anyone. Especially great for dates or to give a friendly dinner a bon vivant bloom.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,7/18/2008,214,125,23,20,19>Nerdy goth-guy behind the counter? Check.Dressed-all-in-black-and-makeup-customer-guy?Check.Two dozen decks of different tarot?Check.A multitude of books on a variety of magical cultures?Check.Global emphasis beyond the standard three things you see in occult-y places?Check.I like this place.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,7/17/2008,129,419,10,11,11>I'm not sure how the rest of the human race works but for me, boredom normally breeds spontaneity.  This is the short version of how me and my homie Riss J. ended up getting Tat's last Tuesday.  I've been plotting a simple heart design for a while now and have always wanted it on the back of my neck.  Being a professional, it seems like a great place because it is in a place where when out in public people will notice it but you can also cover it up while at work.We attempted to wait at two different places before we hit Cicada, which we happen to spot as we were driving and pulled straight in.  To the defense of Cicada for being open and available for our walk in appointments, they have just opened up and are using mostly word of mouth to get word out about their new space.  I am positive, they will soon be booming and that is not said lightly.Walking in I was greeted by Will.  He was casual, collective and very easy to talk to.  As soon as he started to talk I knew this is where we were getting our work done.  Riss and I wanted to get them done at the same time so Will told us to wait for Cain who'd be back in soon.  Will and I worked on my design and we did a few remakes, him being patient the whole while and even crackin' jokes.Cain came in, got down to business with Riss and came up with a design Riss loved.  The duo artist were fun, very laid back and professional.  Through every step, they verbally walked us through it.  Entirely, the tats each took about 20 mins.Cicada is clean and fresh feeling.  You will not once get that vibe that you sometimes get other places where you feel like you don't fit in b/c you don't have a billion tats.  Ask for Will or Cain!!  Will is the owner and he is rad.  The way Cain whipped out the Tat for Riss, you'd think he was psychic and he seriously has a knack for listening to what you want and putting your ideas on paper.  They are amazing!!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2008,7/16/2008,615,688,12,15,11>Another great review for this moving company!For most of my life I owned collapsable furniture.  This meant I could move quickly and without the help of others.  I really did like this, but it always meant sub-par furniture.So I finally bought real furniture and when the time came to move it, well I was sort of lost.  I don't like the idea of abusing my friends with cheap alcohol to move large objects.  It doesn't seem like something a real friend would do.  But I don't trust most people, so the idea of some strange people coming to my house and manhandling my possessions bothers me.  Adam's company changed my mind.  I read the great reviews here and after talking to a few people, made the leap to hire them.  And I was so pleased.With a nice big truck and 3 strapping men, they moved stuff out of our dinky apartment into our new tri-level home.  They were personable, careful, and strong.  They moved everything we wanted quickly and were smart about fragile boxes.  And they even managed all the crazy stairs of our new home perfectly.  Not a thing missing, not a thing broken.And for the work they did, it was a great price.  (and buy them lunch, they earned it)  I highly recommend them for any move, even if it's just the large things.  Stop abusing your friends people!  Hire these guys.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,7/15/2008,182,206,12,12,13>Who wants to listen to real music when you can listen to people who can't sing, sing? Ok, maybe I do. But, karaoke has it's place too! To be honest, I've never had a bad time here....Actually, wait, let me rephrase and say, I've always had an interesting time here. This place is pretty crazy, but sometimes that's fun. Last night I had a great time here - despite the fact Scott and I cleared out the bar. But, we redeemed ourselves with our second try! I managed to spend hardly anything last night and still have a blast - it was $8.50 for 3 drinks?! Really?
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,9/14/2012,136,597,13,11,8>Dear Poquitos: I'm sorry I judged you. I thought you were going to be a for gringos by gringos Mexican joint with overpriced mediocre food and watery margaritas. While the gringo part is certainly a bit true due to the location, I'm sorry for being a pretentious judging hipster douchette. The first time I stopped by was for a late lunch with the padre- we sat in the bar and munched on tacos, receiving warm, albeit a bit spacey, service. Tonight, though, you were fully redeemed. I made a reservation for 6 for my birthday dinner, and half of my dining partners in crime showed up about 20 minutes after we did. Our server, Lindsay, was awesome: she brought out chips and salsa (which are delicious, order them), took alcoholic/non alcoholic drink orders, and gave us plenty of time to figure out what everyone wanted once the last stragglers showed up without giving us any rush or pressure to order before everyone got there/knew what they wanted. The food: I got the carnitas, which come with black beans and a very hefty serving of crack laced guacamole.* It's pretty much the most delicious pork product other than lechon you'll every eat. For bacon heads, its better than bacon. There. I said it (if you want to contest this statement, feel free to contact me so we can hug it out later). Get it. Others ordered the mole and verde enchiladas, which were a hit, and the various taco combinations- the carne asada and carnitas were both really good, and the pickled onions a nice touch. Lindsay surprised me with an order of churros on the house and got my family to sing me happy birthday (sans bad sombreros!), and these churros are pretty much amazing. The flan and house made popsicles are also really awesome. Tonights popsicle flavors were watermelon and a cucumber avocado, we wound up with the watermelon. Although cucumber avocado is something I'd really like to try. Poquitos, I salute you. *The guacamole does not contain any legally controlled and/or illegal substances. It's just really good and you'll find yourself licking the bowl and looking like you're tweaking.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/13/2012,475,222,8,11,9>So freakin' good! I needed to review another of my favorite little tucked away Korean joints and (surprise surprise) it's in the North end (as per usual I guess).It's a cute little restaurant with more than just tofu soup. It's your full Korean food experience. What I've noticed at some joints that do K-Food, when the Tofu soup is good, the BBQ falls short (and vice versa). Over here, both stand on equal ground. Both good and generally it makes for a difficult time deciding what to get.A usual for me (aside from Tofu Soup) is the Pork Bulgogi. Oh my god they make a fantastic Pork Bulgogi, the right amount of flavor and sweetness... with just a smidgen of spice. Paired perfectly with it is some Kimchi Fried Rice and of course all the incredible side dishes that come with the territory when eating Korean food.Come hungry because the portions are HUGE! Being used to some of the other Korean places with a good sized portion but nothing too cray cray, this place always surprises me with the portion, for example I could polish off a place of Bulgogi at Han Kang or BCD on my own, over here? I gotta share... it's pretty big.Awesome food, big portions, and a cool/cute little restaurant make for this stellar score...5 chagiya-bae-go-pa-ya stars out of 5
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,9/12/2012,51,408,6,5,5>Hungry?  Can't make it to Mexico?  I was sitting at my desk and decided I wanted Mexican food for lunch.  I looked up this restaurant and called them because I didn't know where they were located.  The guy that answered said they were near Jack's Fish Spot (also near Three Girls Bakery).  I walked up to the counter and ordered the grilled beef tacos and ceviche.  The tacos were unbelievable!  It reminded me of El Camion's tacos.  The ceviche was spicy and delicious.  They didn't skimp on the seafood.  Definitely share it with someone if you order it.  The bottom of the receipt says, "Gracias!  Please Come Back."  I say to you, Restaurant, "De nada and I will come back!"
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/11/2012,49,67,3,11,5>Bremerton's newest movie theater is so, so impressive! I hate the name (SEEfilm - not so subtle marketing tactic, in my opinion!) but I love the business. The interior is clean, crisp, and bright, melding the old (ticket booth on exterior, full size movie posters in lit shadow boxes, full size silhouettes of Marilyn and Chaplin) with the new (neon lights galore!) The ticket prices are on par with other local first-run theaters (one adult ticket is $10 for an evening showing) and the prices for snacks are surprisingly reasonable (at least in the world of movie snacks: $15 for a medium popcorn, large drink and candy). The seats recline and are super comfortable (even the armrests are padded), and the digital sound system was perfect. Opening weekend was a "limited" opening, as the VIP room and three other theaters are not available for showings yet (they are wrapping up construction). The ladies room was meticulously clean (much appreciated!) but some of the low-flow toilets need adjusting as they are not flushing fully (there is nothing worse than walking into a stall with a surprise in the bowl).Overall, I was very impressed and left extremely happy. In fact, as I was exiting the theater at the conclusion of the movie, I forgot for a second that I was in Bremerton and not Gig Harbor. I am so looking forward to going to a Grade A theater in my own community instead of having to drive 20 minutes! Thanks, SEEfilm - see you again soon!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2012,9/10/2012,375,637,6,22,7>I was SO EXCITED to try Hot Tub Boats in Seattle.  I found out about it in February or March and have been actively watching their site and e-mailing them constantly so that I could try out the Hot Tub Boat - cause it just sounded so freaking awesome!  They finally launched their first boat a couple weeks ago, and we got to try it out last night.The novelty of it is unbeatable.  I mean we were in a hot tub, in a boat.  At least 20 boats stopped while we were out on the lake asking us about the experience and saying how awesome it is, and I mean, it is really an experience you can't get anywhere else.  And it was really cool to be in the middle of the lake, in a hot tub.  And overall it was a good experience - hence why it got 3 stars.  But actually using the boat, and the execution of the boat... left some things to be desired.My complaints:- Driving the boat was a physical work out.  You drive it with a joystick, which sounds easy right?  It is easy in theory but the joystick is extremely tough to keep continuously pushed forward so that you are actually moving.  My arm was in pain from holding the joystick forward after about 10 minutes of driving.  If all you want to do is drive to the middle of the lake and sit, that probably wouldn't be a problem, but we wanted to explore the lake.  And considering the boat only goes about 5 mph, you have to push the joystick for a long time to actually go anywhere.- The hot tub wasn't really deep enough or hot enough.  It doesn't cover your shoulders while you are in there.  I completely understand not being able to fill it up to the very top since water would fall out, but it should have been deeper.  There is 1 place hot water comes out, at the opposite end of the boat to where you sit to drive the boat, and I mean it's not that the water is cool, but we own a hot tub and ours is probably 10 degrees hotter than it was in there.- The jets don't work.  They say they're working on it.  I understand they're working on it, but then we should have gotten a discount or something cause it's not like it was any cheaper since the jets didn't work.- No one told us we needed to arrive early.  I assumed we probably should, so I got there 20 minutes early, and if we hadn't we would have started 20 minutes late cause it took that much time to fill out paperwork and learn how the hot tub works.  Their general communication leaves a lot to be desired - I had to e-mail them repeatedly expressing my interest before hearing back from them.Again, while I have a lot of complaints, the novelty of it is really amazing.  I can't completely recommend it though, cause by the end of it I was having such a miserable time driving the boat that it was hard to focus on anything else.  I'm excited to see what other reviewers think, and I hope that the company continues to make improvements, can fix all the things I am complaining about, and we can go out again and have a fantastic time without the downsides.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,9/8/2012,669,404,7,12,11>Heard about this place from a friend after it had been remodeled. Along with being newly redone, it is also free admission...yes FREE! Of course they do accept donations, as much as you feel obligated to provide. Came here on a rainy June weekend at mid-day and learned that it was at capacity. The facility is quite small compared to other Children's Museums I have been to so get here early on weekends if you can or purchase a membership (cost is $100-$125/year depending on level) and you get right in no matter what.There is a coffee shop inside the receiving entrance similar to a Starbucks that has coffee, espresso, and the typical cafe foods that go with it. There is plenty of seating as well. This is where we waited for a mere 20 minutes before gaining entry. There are 5 main areas as far as I could see; a jungle gym, flying ship, "sand box" with rubber instead of sand, air vacuum tube wall, and painting room. Pause for reflection: aside from everything being newly remodeled and looking good, the bathrooms were extremely clean and well maintained for how busy it was AND for it being frequented by children who are learning to use the bathrooms properly...haha.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/5/2012,99,362,6,7,8>So, as others on here I was a standard "Super Cuts" customer that would get a mediocre haircut every couple of weeks. Finally, I had started to look around for a more "specialty" barber shop that could cater to my needs a little better than your average chain. I tried one shop, and while it was better than Super Cuts it still wasn't what I had envisioned. Finally, one night I was watching the local news and saw something about a barber shop kicking out an OKC Thunder fan. YES!Luckily, this barbershop was only a couple miles away from me. I decided that this was going to be my next stop in my quest for a great haircut. I called the next day (Friday morning) and asked if they had any openings around 11AM (when they opened). I was told to call back in about 15 minutes when other barbers would be able to tell me their availability. 5 minutes later, I got a call back saying that John could give me a cut at 12:45. That worked for me!I arrived promptly at 12:45 and was seated immediately by John. He's a very personable barber and the scene in the shop was very chill and laid back. I told him how he should cut my hair and he began to do it. After talking about the Sonics, the OKC fan, and the potential new business that scene could bring in, my haircut was done in about an hour (great things take time!)The haircut was exactly what I was looking for. The fade was extremely clean, and nothing was rushed. I'll definitely be coming back and becoming a regular of John's.Give them a try if you're tired of the same old chains! You won't look back!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/1/2012,140,361,5,8,7>Decided to treat myself to a classy, local/sustainable/organic meal at Tilth. Or rather, sustainable for the earth, not my budget - after one sumptuous meal I had to return for a second, having shifted some weight from my wallet to my waist. So lucky you, you're getting two reviews for the price of one.- Atmosohere: adorable. I guess the space is a converted house - cute little patio and everything painted in yellow and green daffodil colors. I recently moved and I'm considering copying their sunny, B&B-esque decor- Food: delectable, with half portion options for most items, making for a very reasonably sized meals. The first go around I got salmon a la plancha (yum!) and later hangar steak with cheesy grits (takes me back to my days at sleep-away camp in North Carolina, where they excelled at grits), and chow chow sauce, which I had never heard of but which turned out to be made of delightful pickled peppers. Omnomnom. Passed on dessert although I did try numerous cocktails...- Drinks: pleasant Oregon Pinot noir, delicious Sugar and Spice (similar to a Dark and Stormy), and very nice whiskey sour. The Elder Statesmen was unquestionably the best though - a real winner!With coffee to round off my evenings, I left pleasantly full yet hungry for more. "Poyfect!"
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,8/31/2012,472,197,8,13,9>This review is for the Lambgasm burger of the month I had several times in March 2012. I do love lamb burgers and this one really stood up to its name.Juicy, full of flavor, great condiments and toppings. Roasted tomato, arugula, chèvre aioli, caramelized onion....and they offer gluten free buns, makes this girl's belly very happy! Gluten free onion rings and fries are also available and damn good. I heart Blue Moon Burgers.Also very important to know, their shakes are really friggin good. I like to mix it up, order the chocolate and chukar cherry mixed together - oh yeah!!!Blue Moooooon, oh how I love yoooooouuuu! Especially in Fremont, where the water's blue toooooo.Ok, enough singing, time to put some more burger in ma mouf, yo!!!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,8/30/2012,200,357,10,11,10>I looked like I got into a brawl with my gyro and it won, because I was wearing it all over my face!Garlic crush is a fast service, very casual dining establishment. Prices are über reasonable and the gyros are enormous. Not sure if they use traditional gyro meat, but whatever it is, it is thick and juicy and delicious. Yep, still talking about the gyro, folks. Plenty of greens, tomato and garlicky version of tzatziki sauce. I eventually gave up and went the knife and fork route.Service is fast and pleasant. For the cost and the quality of food, these guys are worth a visit or many. Wish I had one of these close to my office.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,8/8/2012,76,172,9,12,9>I just moved onto Queen Anne from Capitol Hill, where I always had my hair cut at Gary Manuel Aveda Institute.  I don't like driving places when I don't have to, so I decided to try The Shop because of their price point and excellent reviews on Yelp.Megan cut my hair, and she did a top-notch job.I have very thick, curly Jew hair, and I tend to keep it really short because I dislike the Jew-fro look on me.  Typically, when I go into a salon they wash my hair before cutting it.  My favorite thing Megan did was cut my hair without washing it (don't you wash your hair before you go to the salon, anyways?) because the textures in my hair are MUCH more manageable when it is wet.  So by her cutting it dry, she was able to attack my hair for what it "really" is as opposed to what it pretends to be while wet.  When I get a wet hair cut I am super happy with it, but when I wash and dry my hair the following day it never looks quite the same.  Megan's hair cut is the LOWEST MAINTENANCE AWESOMEST HAIR CUT I'VE EVER RECEIVED that I still get compliments on a routine basis.  Truly, I even cheat and don't use product because my hair dries so wonderfully.  Not something I've ever encountered before.Megan won a customer for life as long as THEIR PRICES KICK ASS.$20 for a men's hair cut?  For the quality I received, this is the best price you're going to get, guys.  Gary Manuel Aveda Institute was $22 + tip and you had to budget about two hours to let the students and teachers all cut your hair and whatnot. This is the cheapest, awesomest place I've been able to find.If you're driving to this location, there is ample FREE parking (yes, Queen Anne Hilltop's parking is free) and an awesome Starbucks a block down.  It's super conveniently located on the corner of Queen Anne Ave and W Crockett.  I recommend.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,8/7/2012,88,128,5,8,7>The amazing, hand-lit candle are what first caught my eye.THEN I actually ate their food...The steak was wonderful. No sauce needed, cooked to perfection, juicy, flavorful. The rice was also good that came with it, but the beans were not traditional. Out-of-the-box can be good, but they were a little too chipotle/BBQ-y when I was expecting mexican. Just a heads up. Will definatly go back though.Nice romantic ambiance and nice friendly bar!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/6/2012,212,249,18,15,13>This is definitely one of the current hot spots in Seattle.  Downstairs: long rows of shared tables.  Good opportunities for socializing.Upstairs: LOVE the music; they play old-school jams ('80s/'90s, mostly hip hop, lots of loud singing along).  I happen to remember all the white people screaming the theme song to "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" and thinking, hmm I don't know whether to love or hate this, and these people.So yeah, lots of dancing and another bar.  Cool.OVERALL PROS:-Huge windows both up- and downstairs, for street/people-watching-Chances for socializing-MusicOVERALL NEGS:-It's Capitol Hill, yes it's mostly hipsters. -Line out the door, so be ready to wait if you arrive after 10pm-We sat by the stairs and counted as we noticed a trend... how many guys here are wearing a plaid shirt?  Well, turns out 3 out of 4 men!  Almost every single guy.  It turned into a game - if a guy wasn't wearing the "Dress Code", whooooo!--a "Whoo girl"
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,8/5/2012,615,688,6,11,9>A real theater experience!A return to reviewing with such a magnificent icon to the silver screen.  Now that I'm a Ballardite, I knew I had to eventually come to this place and find out if all the rumors were true.  Over the years, I've heard it's a beautiful theater, great place to impress people and an overall good experience.  And every time I drive by with someone, it inspires stories of, "I remember going there with...."  The rotating 3 movies makes the choice simple.  They always have major pictures and tasteful ones to choose from.  Parking is usually ample if you park a block away behind the theater.  The decor is fabulous.  Hearing my daughter ooo and aaa over the lobby was worth it alone.  The giant waterfall curtain makes me feel like I'm about to see a Bogart movie, which personally leaves me smiling.  A more intimate and personable crowd than the regular multiplexers.  You might actually make friends during the previews!  If you want to see a movie in Seattle, this is definitely on the list of places to go.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,8/4/2012,557,196,5,12,6>Can't express how much I love fried chicken. Ma'Ono is one of my go to friend chicken spots in Seattle and along with popeyes (don't hate). Ma'Ono originated from the Springhill Monday pop up and then chef Mark Fuller converting to fried chicken and progressive Hawaiian/Asian inspired food full time. Ma'Ono serves their fried chicken three way and your choice of two - regular, korean (spicy), and chinese (sweet mild mustard). All of them are definitely cracking so I recommend going with original and asking for the other two sauces on the side (sampler style). The other dishes that also hit home were the woodfired kalbi short ribs, clams, bone morrow, and curry bacon fried rice. I have yet to make my way through the whole menu but I plan to. Also, the burger gets a lot of attention as one of the best in Seattle. Occasionally they will serve the red velvet shake which is money and can compete with any desert in town. To me the Ma'Ono concept of fried chicken and whisky theme is a perfect harmony. I'll warm up with some whisky and close out with some draft beer. The hardest decision is not wanting to order everything.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,8/3/2012,261,212,6,10,9>I walked into Chino's with high expectations and I came out thoroughly satisfied.  I love the chill atmosphere, the friendly service, and of course the delicious unique food.  I was finally able to try gua bao (with pork belly) and the 1,000 year old egg with tofu.  Both dishes were mouthwatering.  The gua bao buns were fresh and the pork belly was cooked perfectly.  The 1,000 year old egg was what really got my attention.  Upon arrival, I didn't know how to begin devouring this odd looking dish.  After receiving experienced instructions on the proper way to eat it, I picked up my chopsticks and ate the tofu and egg together.  The egg is actually more subtle than I thought.  It was the tofu and the sauce together that were intense.  I have to admit that was the coolest thing I've ever eaten.  It was well presented.Yes, I'll be back.  Don't be surprised if I start to frequent this joint everytime I'm in the area.  I'm itching to try the tofu gua bao next....and the pig ear salad.....and the ghetto chow mein.  Yeeaaah boyyyyy!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,8/2/2012,528,376,12,20,15>To me, Shima is the epitome of what I look for in food, service and a restaurant's character and ambiance.  It is a bit hidden, but is definitely part of the heart of Wallingford.  Shima shares the kitchen with Hawaiian Breeze and you can order from both menus.  Shima is definitely all about its sushi, but it's nice to be able to get some island flavors as well.  :)    I recommend sitting at the sushi bar so that you can watch chefs Dave Nakamura and Taka Sasaki work their magic.  I like being able to see all of their ingredients fresh in front of my eyes and they both have fun sense of humors, which make for delightful conversations. :)  Anything I've ordered has been perfect to my tastes and I'm always hungry for more.  The sushi is fresh and creative and they've always got new daily specialty rolls to try.  Some of my favorites are the Auntie Lois Roll (with tempura shrimp, crab, eel and masago); the Waikiki Boy Roll (with crab, tuna, hamachi, cucumber and avocado); their nigiri sushi is always delicious; and don't forget to check out the dinner specials such as the "Dinner Bento" or the "Miso Katsu".  Whatever mood you're in, I'm sure Shima has something for you.  Yes, the food is amazing, but I also appreciate the Kona Brewing Co. beers that they serve: the Kona Wailua Wheat is one of my favs, but recently they also had the Kona Coconut beer that is DELICIOUS!  They also serve sake, other beers, Hawaiian Sun juices, and even Japanese plum wine.  YUM!  Shima is a gem to me and I hope that more people will continue to try it and be a fan.  Not only is my tummy always satisfied here, but I just really enjoy the laid-back atmosphere, personable chefs, and island-feel.  It's a home-away-from-home to me!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,8/1/2012,72,72,2,9,10>Congrats on the new name guys! What a great way to make a tribute to Grandma Ludi and to little Ludi! I am so proud of you guys for having this business for so long. For those of you who don't know what Ludi's is, its an old landmark in down town that was once the Turf. That's right I said the turf, if you've ever been on 2nd and Pike than you've seen them.Ludi's (previously known as the turf) is a great place to get a quick bite to eat. Whether you want a breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a beer they have it. They even serve lumpia! The staff at Ludi's is wonderful, I'm not just saying that because their my family but I've had plenty of friends who have gone in with out me who have said the same thing.If you're ever on pike and you want some good, fast, cheap, food go to Ludi's. Also while you are there say hi to my Uncle Greg, he's the owner.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,7/31/2012,171,269,5,8,4>If you want to get decent sushi without wanting to make a huge dent in your wallet (literally, cause this place is cash only), Musashi's is a winner. This place is small and usually packed, but the quality of the sushi definitely makes up for it. I always like to order the chirashi bowl. It comes in a decent sized bowl with thick slabs of salmon, tuna, fatty tuna, yellowtail, scallops, shrimp and eel on top of white sticky rice. All for around $14! I love how the fish is fresh and they come out in pretty big pieces. I always end up feeling full and satisfied.So just remember 3 things:1. Bring cash.2. Don't bring too many people.3. Get the chirashi bowl.Itadakimasu!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,7/30/2012,172,264,11,10,14>I am trying not to let the fact that I was stood up here sour my review. ;)Beth's is a must do for any Seattleite. People crawl here, taxi here, walk here from every bar in town and it does deliver. The place is an experience on its own.I wandered in sober, so I was already out of place. Staff is all very helpful and friendly, and the cooks are working fast and hard to keep up with a packed house. Wait for a table can be as long as 30 minutes, and everyone in your party must be present in order to snag one. I should mention that they did break this rule for me. By the time I'd been there an hour, I think this was due to pity.When I finally ordered, everything came out to perfection. The wait for food is a bit long, but very understandable. Bacon was crisp, toast was buttered, hash browns are HUGE, and egg was delicious. I loved their black tea, which came out with honey and a lemon (without me asking) and was refilled with hot water very promptly.Perks: a game room with rifle shooting game, old style arcade, and two pinball machines, friendly and helpful staff, no-frills atmosphere and payment (pay at the counter after you are finished eating), crayons and paper to color while you wait.I will venture back in!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2007,8/4/2007,317,792,30,12,19>There isn't much to envy about my life except this: I now work an easy 4 block walk away from Paseo. Since I go to lunch around 11:15 or so, I rarely find more than a few people there and have never waited in that line out the door. Hey, when you start work at 6:45 that's lunchtime. Me and the grilled pork (#2) have a regular lunch date once a week. Actually, I recently started two-timing the grilled pork [sshhh, don't tell] with the onion sandwich (#10). Those carmelized onions are worth the risk of being called a food slut. Go ahead, envy me.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,8/2/2007,54,26,11,8,12>Ever notice that whenever someone has a beef with a  Capitol Hill business, they immediately reach for the goddamn trusty "hipster" card?  As if that wasn't the most blanket, overused generalization anyone could possibly make?  I'm glad most of the reviews I've read for Bauhaus have been as positive as they should be, as every single person who works there is completely awesome and NICE!  They've never gotten my order wrong, their coffee is great and despite long lines, I've never waited more than five minutes to be served and it's rare that I have to wait even that long.  I always enjoy the friendly bit of conversation that I experience there and I look forward to it every time I go. It's a shame that some people are too predictable and insecure to see one of the few urban staples this poor town still holds on to for what it truly is, or it would have a well deserved, perfect review.  Don't worry.  Capitol Hill is going to be so overrun with condos and upscale bars soon, that you won't have to deal with "hipsters" anymore.  Just "normals".  But for now,  drink your coffee and try to deal.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2007,8/1/2007,35,38,21,4,12>So, it's been almost 3 months to the day that I closed my cafe. People ask me what I miss most.  Having your own business? -eh.  24-hour access to alcohol? - yea, sometimes.  Your favorite customers?  -Yeah.  Ability to make, whenever I want, an americano made with Lighthouse Roasters espresso?  :bottom lip quivering, eyes welling with tears:   excuse me, I can't talk right now.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2007,7/31/2007,367,192,54,32,40>I let my fork float like a butterfly but my stomach stings like a bee. A very big fat one. I've been striking fear in the hearts of buffets since 1976. Yes I do understand why Todai isn't the place to go for gourmet authentic sushi.The all you can stuff in your face buffet runs $25-27 for dinner which some people may think is steep. But for the heavy weight division yelpers who are the threshold of transitioning from boxers to sumo wrestlers this IS a bargain. To help you heavy weight wannabe I'm going to school the rookies on how to eat at Todai. First off eating here is a bargain if you consider that one plate of piled high sashimi at another restaurant can easily run $50. Secondly, there's a nice system of lines there so please don't cut in front of the 5 other people waiting. Third, please put the tongs back where you found them. Let me do a play by play demonstration on why the Butterbean jklawyer.net/blog/butter… of yelp endorses Todai like Don King theage.com.au/ffximage/2… endorses big hair. Round One: I grab a plate and throw a straight punch for the sushi and sashimi. I limit the sushi taking because rice is just a filler. Instead I nearly fill my my plate with sashimi. The sushi here is okay but not great. The sashimi is pretty good and I rarely have gotten bad pieces at all. They aren't the Hawaii Todai legendary fresh fish but they are going to have to do. I stuff that all down and wash it down with a diet coke. Round Two:Go back for seconds with the sushi/sashimi because it's doesn't fill me up as much as the hot food. Another large plate and another diet coke down and another round in the champion's corner. Round Three: Hit the crabs and shrimp section. The crabs here are a bit better than some of the other Todai chains who sometimes don't offer it. There's some cut sections that will help the rookie crab cracker. On the other hand the shrimp is offered as cocktails.. with only three in a plastic cup. At other Todai's I can pile them like I was digging for gold. The shrimps are a large size and good too. Round Four: By this time my punches are hurting the buffet owner in the wallet but all this cold food is getting to me. Time to start my jaw jabbing at the hot food section. They have some decent food but remember to block out the rice, noodles and other crappy fillers the buffet offers. Go for the good stuff. Sometimes they have prime rib but you have to ask them to cut it for you. The tempura shrimp is awesome and so is the coconut shrimp. Ohmygod! The waiters head is spinning because she can't believe I just downed my forth plate of food and washed it down with another diet coke. Round Five: I ain't going to lie, by this time I'm hurting big time. But like Rocky Balboa said.. "if you stop the fight now I'll kill you". Time to get a breather by heading off the fruit section. Strawberries and honeydew are so good! Dodge the nasty fruit cocktail which is just crappy watermelon juice with watermelon bits. I got my breather... time for more! Round Six: By this time if I run my hand down my chest I can feel the budge in my stomach. It's so full that if the buffet owner punches me in the gut I'll explode and the fight will be over. So I walk carefully to the crepe line. They have someone who can make banana, strawberry, mandarin orange crepes with nutella. These aren't gourmet crepes, they are thin and wobbly like the crappy ones I make at home. Order wisely because one false move and I'm going down faster than Apollo Creed dawgsonline.com/wp-conte… versus that big Russian Drago guy joesportsfan.com/jsfpics… . Round Seven: This is the final round. It's time to unleash the beast. I go all in throwing a flurry of strikes at the dessert table. Green tea cheesecake goes down.. Mocha cheesecake down, fruit tart down, creme brulee down. The desserts aren't great but they do the job. It's almost over but there's the final blow. Go to the crepe table and look at the marshmallow, strawberries and bananas. Grab a stick of them and put them into the chocolate fountain. No other Todai I been to has offered this. BLAM! POW! GULP! BEELCH! IT'S A KNOCKOUT! I've eaten well over $100 worth of food. I'm the cheapskate champion! YO ADRIAN... I DID IT!  For you lightweights you can stop by and get lunch to go. You can a roll, 3 pieces of sushi and drink for less than $10. Lunch buffets are $14-16. You can make reservations for groups of six or more. Oh by the way.. there's a reason why Mickey filmreference.com/images… explained that the Todai's experience of downing a huge amount of fish is to "eat lightning and crap thunder" But that's a story for another day.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,7/30/2007,175,187,11,6,8>I live across the street from this little gem, so I consider it to be my Kitchen.  Afterall, if I lived in a mansion, it would be.I thought the Chicken and Cherry flatbread was dope, until I had the French Country flatbread and died.  So good, and a great price.  The Broccoli is amazing- don't laugh, I don't know what they do to it, but it starts out as broccoli and ends up being a little bite of heaven.  The curried potatoes are excellent, as well as the Ahi.I happen to like the crowd here- especially compared to the rest of the 1st Avenue set.  If Amber or Tia Lou's is the Yin, then Black Bottle is the Yang.  Somehow all of the meat heads and over-cologned guys and their poorly dressed, over done girlfriends couldn't walk far enough in their impractical shoes to get to Black Bottle.  Thank God.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2007,7/28/2007,5000,240,4,25,20>This is another of my favorite places to eat on the hill. It's good quality Japanese food that doesn't break the bank. Plus their sushi is super fresh.  I like its modern decor and the atmosphere isn't as loud and chaotic like Chinoise across the street.They have some really great sake cocktails that are a good value. You get your drink and the cocktail shaker on the side. You basically get two drinks for the price of one. Make sure you don't nurse your drink or your refill will get watery. The servers here are super friendly and very accommodating. This place is definitely better than the Mexican restaurant that it replaced. If you check your Val-Pak mailer, you may find a coupon for this place. Heck, it'll save you a few bucks!UPDATE:  07/17/07I just realized that you can print the coupon from Val-Pak's site.  Just go to the link and type in 98109 in the zip code search and there you go!  valpak.com/vpcol/home.doThere are two current coupon specials:TAKE OUT: $5 OFF $30 Or More -OR-$10 OFF $50DINE-IN: $5 OFF $30 Or More -OR-$10 OFF $50
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,7/27/2007,601,289,20,12,9>HIIIGH WAY TO THE DANGERZONE... (dangerzone)  HIIIIGHWAY TO THE DANGERZONE!Not only is Top Gun an awesome movie (GOOOOOOSE!!!)  it is an AWESOME restaurant.  Best dimsum place, hands down, and the price... my goodness... it's cheap.  By cheap I mean the check came out to 65 bux for 5 people who ate until they could eat no more.  And trust me, if I could fit one more of those little eggrolls into my stomach, I would have.  Purely because of the taste.  So Delish.  The service is pretty good the cart rolls around and you know we get tea, water and etc.  So that's it.  But go for the food.  The food the food the food.  I have had dimsum in many many diff. places, often claimed to be the best dimsum place, but trust me, they werent.  because Top Gun has taken that title.  It's like the Hulk Hogan of dimsum.  (Without the spandex and receding hairline.)So Michelle, I know that there is a Tap House in Seattle now, but there isn't a top gun, so now you will have to come to the eastside.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,7/26/2007,49,119,5,12,8>VEIL FOR VEGANS!? YES!!First, an admission: Veil is owned by two guys I went to high school with. While that's enough to make me curious and get me in the door, it's not enough to make me judge it more favorably than I would if I hadn't gone to keggers on Bainbridge with them in the early '90s, so I don't think it colors this review.I've been to Veil twice, once with a foodie friend who educated me about each sauce and reduction, and then once with my vegan husband.I could repeat what others have already said -- great ambiance, great presentation, amazing flavors, divine textures, innovative food combinations -- but instead I'll say what no-one has said yet: Veil will bend over backwards for special needs eaters! I called them ahead of time to see if they could accommodate my favorite birthday boy/husband/vegan, and they were happy to oblige. We had a five course meal with every course having been made special for him -- I would order from the menu, and my husband would say "I trust the chef to feed me something delicious and vegan" would get a special surprise from the kitchen with each wave of amazing food. I'm NOT vegan, but my tastes of his dishes had me insanely jealous. Chef Galusha, while known for his training in Paris, CLEARLY earns his keep as a vegan chef!We started with an amazing amouse bouche -- a teeny artichoke salad with the finest sliced olives you've ever seen, and weensie little rounds of green onions on top.Then we moved on to a goat cheese salad for me (note to self: take the salad apart before eating it -- all the good stuff is on the bottom!), and a heirloom tomatoes for the vegan. Second course was a crab pasta for me (extremely mild and creamy) and a rich grilled mushroom dish for the vegan. Wow. I'm not good at identifying mushrooms, but the bite I had of them suggested amazing fungal magic.The courses were timed perfectly, with plenty of space between them to digest and talk and enjoy the ambiance. I also people watched, and at least on the Saturday night we were there, Veil was packed with well-tanned, well-buffed, impeccably dressed (and moisturized) older gay men. I heard talk of trips to India and first dates many years past, and admired many well-toned biceps. The last time I was at Veil, the scene had more of a high maintenance Kirkland/Belltown feel (i.e. not my world), but the crowd on Saturday tended toward gay and gorgeous and I felt right at home despite the fact that I am neither.Time for the main course! I had halibut on a bed of black eyed peas and corn (cooked to perfection) while the vegan got a stunning dish of cauliflower over slivered almonds -- I'm not going to do it justice, but it was fired on the top and had this amazing flavor and texture to it. The chef totally out-did himself, and you know that the point at which the non-vegan is jealously eyeing cauliflower while picking at her plate of perfect fish .... that's a damn good vegan meal. Desert, of course, was totally inspired. I had the nutter butter peanut ice cream (deeelish! I'd had it before and looove it) but yet again found myself drooling over the vegan's dish -- mango sorbet over pineapple and vegan tapioca. INSANE!Obviously, Veil is NOT a vegan restaurant. If you look at the menu, it's hard to find even many vegetarian options. But if you call ahead and ask nicely, they will accommodate you in the most delicious ways. You'll pay handsomely, but it's worth it.The fact that they were willing to go so above and beyond to create a five-course vegan meal, AND that the vegan meal was divine gourmet and not just a sad collection of substitutions really impresses me. It's not like they said "Oh, just leave out the meat and dairy and give him some salad and bread." The kitchen prepared impeccable, delicious, amazing vegan fare, and it felt like a double birthday gift for my husband.Veil, I salute you! Thanks for making my husband's birthday so amazing, and letting him have a truly fine dining experience, despite his vegan diet.(Also, rumor has it the Veil guys are opening a second restaurant back in our old home town -- so Bainbridge Island, prepare yourselves!!)Oh and PS: Microsoftees, your Prime card will get you a buy-one-get-one-free entree -- which is a great deal when you're talking $30 entrees!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2007,7/25/2007,40,39,7,9,10>I come here when it's sunny for no reason, oh wait, the sun is the reason.I come here when flowers are needed to be given away.I come here when it's rainy so I can warm myself up with chowder.I come here when flowers are needed to cheer me up.I come here when sun flowers are as big as my face and giant bees follow me back into my car.I come here when I want pate sandwich.I come here when there aren't enough people for me to watch.I come here when I want crepes.I come here when I need fresh produce to make breakfast.I come here when I want salmon hotdogs.I come here when others insist to come here.I come here when others insist not to come here.I come here when I can't think of a place to go.What do you come here for?
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,7/24/2007,1785,805,23,15,16>'Goin' to the Chapel and we're,gonna get waa-aa-aaasted,'Goin' to the Chapel and we're,gonna get waa-aa-aaasted...I had no idea what/ who/ where in the hell Chapel was until last night, but goddamn, I'm glad I do now! This place totally rocks my world/ liver.The only way to do this joint is to hit up their insane HH.  Specialty drinks from 5-8pm are $4! When I say special.. I means SPECIAL!Some of the most colorful, beautiful drinks I've ever seen in my life reside at Chapel. I felt like I was in the musical, "Joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat", colorful platters of drinks galore flying out the bar. It was mesmerizing!There's about 20 specialty cocktails, ranging from the Curious George (some brown banana flavored thing) to the 'Color Purple'- not sure what was in it, but it was delish! A cucumber something, coffee based drinks.. and a vanilla vodka drink w/ real vanilla bean!Food menu was fancy shmance.. Lots of interesting, great looking nouveau things to choose from.Very cool space- huge and cool, but inviting and not overwhelming.Needless to say, you could drink and drink and drink and not spend more than $20 here and leave a very satisfied Yelper.. and that's exactly what I did.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,4/29/2009,31,339,15,19,14>People, people, people.Here is how to enjoy your El Gaucho experience.DON'T:1.  Wear jeans and fleece.  Please wear a jacket and tie, or at least some nice pants.  I know it's Seattle, but c'mon!  Leave the Patagonia at home.2.  Forget to start with a drink at the bar.  You're gonna drop a wad on a fine meal. Show up before your friends, sit at the bar, and enjoy a fine cocktail.3.  Face a wall.  The people watching in this place can be worth the price of admission.  Face the room.DO:1.  Learn a bit about steak before you come here.  Then ask questions when you are there.  What's the difference between a filet and the New York? Wikipedia has an excellent page on chateaubriand.  My love of steak was born in this place.2.  Dress up!  That's part of it.3.  Tip well!  That's not part of it but still very important.4.  Someday, when you have a special occasion, go with a big group and reserve the wine-room.  5.  Get on the mailing list.  You just might get a birthday greeting.CeasarCrabcakesNewYorkForTwoBakedPotatoWithEveryth­ingApplePieMy friend Dustin said it best - one of his best all time meals, and the best steak he's ever had.  I couldn't agree more.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,4/27/2009,73,274,9,9,9>Hey, restaurateurs, wanna see how to do it? Head on down to 8411 Greenwood, stand back, and take notes, cause these guys put on a clinic.I really hate giving a restaurant I've only been to once 5 stars, just as I hate giving out 1 star on only 1 visit. The food here is definitely very tasty, and the customer service these guys provide is second to none. When people say they remember people's names, ask about family, etc., I don't doubt it for a second. I knew the second I walked in they wanted to help me and enjoyed what they were doing.So this time, I ordered a gyro salad, which was delicious. From the salad to the veggies to the lamb to the tsatziki, it was like maxwell house, good to the last drop.Thanks, Mr. Gyros. Next time I need a Greek fix, I'm coming to see ya!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,4/25/2009,286,643,10,16,14>You ever get really excited for a meal? Or trying a new restaurant? Well, I do. I totally dork out. I research menus, wine lists, and of course, check yelp before I go. That it what I did for Steelhead. Reservations were made for several of us lovely ladies a few days in advance for Easter brunch. Coincidentally, a couple of my customers at the winery raved about it the day before Easter... I was excited. Our server Keri, was as patient as could be. We took our time trying to decide what to order, everything looked sooo good. There were some cheese curds to start. Basically, fried cheese. Yum. Came with a delicious mustard sauce and a tarter sauce, both which paired well with cheese. Also, yummy bread and oil and butter as well. Great way to start. Everyone except for me ordered the crab eggs Benedict (which has a funny name like the "sequimble" or something like that) and I think I may get it next time. There were huge chunks of lump crab meat. Delicious. I ordered the bubble and squeak which was potatoes topped with brisket, cabbage, and two perfectly poached eggs. Something to note: the shaker that looks like pepper is actually salt. Cici discovered that after the fact. Now lets move on to the.... SWEET NOTHINGS (whisper it, it sounds sexy) aka dessert. I was told upon my arrival I was to order the lemon cake. (apparently Heather, Kat and Cici had planned dessert before my arrival). Well, I am GLAD I did. Lemon cake, with a lemon sauce, and marscapone cream on top. Yum. Very lemony, not too heavy, and tasty. Heather got the pecan pie with chantilly cream and cocoa nibs. I tried it, and it wasn't too sweet, which often can be the demise of pecan pie. Kat and Cici tried the quadruple Chocolate layer cake that had toasted coconut and coconut ice cream. Now that is some serious yummyness. We all left very full and satisfied, and I wistfully hoped someone would continue to whisper "sweet nothings" in my ear.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,4/23/2009,86,218,6,7,6>OMFG, was whirlyball a dream!? No, it wasn't a dream, but it WAS two action-packed hours of side-splitting laughter, whooping, hollering, and screaming as we raced around the court in our speedy lil bumper cars trying to scoop up a whiffleball and throw it into an basketball-hoop-like net-thingy bingy. Seriously, whirlyball is like, the happiest place on earth. It was almost TOO much fun. Just thinking about it puts a smile on my face. The best $40 I've ever spent, for sure. A few tips: call in advance to make your reservation. You put down a non-refundable deposit (1/2 of the total) to secure your game time. Show up 15 minutes early for a tutorial if you haven't played before.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,4/22/2009,502,444,57,27,35>"Does she need a fork?""She sure is cute!""Does your little girl want a balloon?"NO. "SHE" does not EXIST. HE is a BOY. He is ALL BOY. I wonder if the estrogen was LEFT OUT. He talks non-stop about his poop and his farts and the smell of his feet and thinks his boogers are an acceptable snack food and kicks shit and breaks shit and beats shit down and head butts EVERYTHING, but has a penchant for nailing OTHER BOYS in the AREA with his weapon of a noggin. He's already showing clear signs of being a boob man (please don't ask me what these are), wants a skateboard and thinks that AC/DC "rules." I dress him in nothing but jeans and t-shirts - BLUE OR BLACK ONES ONLY because that's ALL HE WILL WEAR, and he has had a pair of blue Van's Old Skools on his feet since he could WALK. BOY.But mommy grew his hair out, not really on purpose - it was a byproduct of my clinging to his lovely little baby curls as long as possible . When they finally faded away, we had a look going. Nicholas of "Eight is Enough" fame, or Joey from "Give Me a Break" being the models for his look. Maybe even Cousin Oliver (If you don't get my references here, please go get your news from TMZ and leave me alone)  - all BOYS.I have maintained this for three years now, despite my father's threats to drag him off to a "barber" for a "high and tight" (this coming from a guy who had hair that Andy Gibb would have killed for in 1976 - again, if you don't get the reference, please fuck off and go check in with Perez Hilton), and the kid's dad's occasional whine about strangers thinking he's a girl. What the fuck do I care what strangers think? HE'S ADORABLE.And he likes it."I look like Mommy!""YES YOU DO SWEET FACE PUMPKIN BUTT BOY!"All his cuts have come from The Salon at Kids Club. All have been good, some better than others - there was one in particular that made him look like the Dutch Boy (if you don't get that reference, please do society a favor and take your entire bottle of Ritalin right now, chase it with a half rack of Sparks and exit the planet), but all and all GOOD.And not once was HE mistaken for a SHE.Update: The following day my sweet butt kid took one look at himself in the mirror and dissolved into a pool of tears - he had forgotten the haircut and was devastated that he no longer bore such a strong resemblance to his BEAUTIFUL MOTHER. Very hard not to laugh....
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,4/21/2009,175,187,17,13,15>During December's wacky snow storms, I was house bound for two days, staring at a giant fire and drinking alone a little too much for comfort.  Things started to resemble The Shining, so I gratefully accepted an invitation to meet some friends for a beer.  I trudged through the snow for 20 minutes, and arrived at the Beveridge Place.Walking in the doors was like entering a big hobbit living room.  Couches, comfy chairs, cozy lighting, and big, sweet dogs everywhere.  Lots of mountain-ish men dressed comfortably.  I think the Brawny paper towel guy was playing Connect Four with the Marlboro man.  It felt good, people.  Real good.I drank a lot of cider (which is the new champagne, if you ask me).  I curled up on a couch with a Bernese Mountain Dog at my feet.  I felt like Lucy in Mr. Tumnus' house, without the buzzkill of the White Witch.  This place is a gem, and feels like West Seattle's home away from home.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2008,4/20/2009,331,569,15,14,15>Naked City has arrived. And Greenwood you should be thankful. For if the Baranof and the Crosswalk are the evil step sisters, then Naked City is our Cinderella. I found myself sitting in Naked City for the second time on Halloween. Old, scary movies played silently on the tv screens behind the bar, CSS and Band of Horses played over the speakers, and all of the shenanigans played out..across the street. From my seat, I watched as a bumble bee poked her head outside the Baranof's doors and decided to run across the wet, leaf covered Greenwood Avenue, toward Naked City. She wibble wobbled her way across the street in her high heels and itty bitty costume, while we took note. Step in puddle? Check. Trip over the curb? Check. Fall down in the mud? Check. Stand up and tip over again? Check. Take off one shoe? Check. Walk by the windows flipping off Naked City's patrons, while shouting obscenities? Check. Suddenly, the PBR that I could get across the street seemed less and less appealing. True, I still don't need frills, bells or whistles for me to like something, but Naked City offers a bit more class than the other neighborhood joints. If you're looking just to feel the effect of the alcohol you are consuming, then buy a six pack and stay home or wander over to the Baranof. If you'd prefer to appreciate the drink and not be surrounded by a bunch of drunk crazies, then try out Naked City. They offer 24 beers on tap from Washington breweries and many in the bottle choices. Their service is leaps and bounds ahead of the rest and I'm not just talking about just in Greenwood. Friendly, attentive bartenders (no longer an oxymoron), who know what they're talking about. If you're like me and don't know a thing about beer, then you'll appreciate the samples that the bartenders offer you. Through a sample, I came across Laughing Buddha Ginger Ale, which was light and delicious (and tasted just like its name). The owners, who I met upon my second visit, were friendly and circulated through the room checking on their guests.While I have no complaints with the drinks, the atmosphere or the service, there is still some room for improvement. The food on the menu is pretty lackluster and maybe a tad overpriced. And I think it would be helpful to have the beers that are on tap listed in the drink menu, rather than having to go and look at one of the two chalkboards. Overall, it's just nice to have options in Greenwood. Keep em coming.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2009,4/19/2009,72,240,10,17,16>This place is definitely just what you would picture a Prohibition Speakeasy would look like: you walk into an unmarked door and stand face-to-face with a gentlemen standing in front of a black velvet curtain who asks to see your ID and take your coat. Whoa. Way to set the scene Knee High! I was almost thinkin' I wouldn't be able to get in without the secret password. The curtain is pulled back to reveal a very cute, very cozy, lush but comfortable atmosphere. The KH menu is filled with tasty specialty drinks (classics & twists on classics) and yummy foodstuffs. The best part? ALL of is completely reasonable price wise! I can't remember the last time I went into a bar and saw specialty drinks staring at FIVE DOLLARS and food starting at the same!!! It was complete heaven. I tried the Gin & Ginger (which is leading as my fave) and the Bee's Knees which was good but weird - as it tastes just like chocolate/honey cake. What-the-what? I didn't try the food as I'd already eaten, but everyone who did said it was really delish, so I can't wait go back. Bravo, Knee High. Think you can get something like this going in Fremont too? :)
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,4/18/2009,139,121,11,9,10>This is not an exaggeration by any means: Rancho Bravo changed my life. There, I said it, and it is as true a statement as "Mexico is south of the United States" or "beans will produce gas in your tummy." I had never liked Mexican food, despite the constant peer pressure to join friends in eating at places like Taco Bell, Time, del Mar, Chipotle, Baja Fresh, etc. But then I moved to the U-district from Bellevue. And every time I go to May or Dick`s (which is not very often at all), I would pass by it and smell the aroma coming from this rundown-looking truck. I had never heard of the place, but I decided...I'd go for it. +One - to support food trucks/street foods (why cant we be like Portland with their parking lots full of amazing street foods?)+Two - I was super hungry and the aroma alone was enough to draw me there.+Three - I stopped liking burgers, so Dicks was not an option.I go there at least twice a month now, and the rest of the month I go to other taco trucks around Seattle: Northgate, Aurora, SoDo, and looking for others.Their Mole` is superb. And I love the fact that these taco trucks have tounge, tripe, headmeat, --things that some people wouldn`t even allow touching their tongue if their lives depended on it. I`m all about that. Tongue just has a really distinct flavor and texture that cant compare to anything else. I'm still not that big a fan of burrito or taco, but Torta is definitely my new way to chow.Happy ending for all.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,4/16/2009,140,456,6,14,11>I can't wait to come back to the Sitting Room.  My friends have been raving about this place for months so I was excited to finally try it last week--and I was not disappointed.  Fortunately I had an experienced patron with me, so everyone can benefit from her ordering wisdom.First, the tartine--it was a tender baguette topped with a sweet spread (plum? geeze, I need to start taking notes...), tangy gorgonzola, prosciutto and lightly toasted.  It was delicious and is a must-order.  We had a very tasty bruschetta which I believe had carmelized onions and chevre.  Next up was the cheese plate.  I'm not exactly a cheese snob, but I enjoyed two of the three selections (I'm not a fan of dry, musty sheep cheeses).  The portion size doesn't compare to what you'd get in France, but it was above average for Seattle.  We also had a selection of olives and some very tasty roasted almonds.The cocktails were top-notch.  My manhattan was perfect and came with the twist I requested.  They don't have a margarita special, but the bartender made an excellent one nonetheless.  My friend enjoyed their great happy hour deal on glasses of wine.  Our server Doug was very friendly and helpful.  All around a great experience and one I'm eager to repeat.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,10/15/2009,191,387,7,9,7>TRUFFLE LOVE! TRUFFLE LOVE! TRUFFLE LOVE!Did I mention that I really really enjoyed the Truffle Love burger? It's fantastic. I've unfortunately only been here once so far, but will definitely be returning many many many times. Perhaps next time, I'll actually be brave and create my own! The choices are overwhelming, so it may take a few more visits before I muster up the courage to concoct something.The boy and I both came here with sizable appetites. We decided to share my beloved Truffle Love burger and order two sides (tater tots with bacon onion salt and skinny fries with california garlic pepper) and a Nutella milkshake by recommendation of Jennifer L. It. Was. All. Worth. It.  The burger was deliciously tender and juicy and heaped with swiss cheese and bacon. I liked how the pickles, red onions, lettuce, and tomatoes were served on the side-- it's easier on picky eaters. As for the sides-- wonderful! I give them five stars alone for even offering tater tots; it brings back my memories of elementary school cafeterias. The skinny fries were perfectly crispy. Both sides were portioned very generously and overall ended up being way too much for either of us to finish. Lastly, the Nutella shake was absolute HEAVEN! Hazelnutty chocolatey goodness. My only qualm is that I'm not a huge fan of thick shakes that require too much force to enjoy. I probably would've let it sit for a while so it could melt for easier consumption if my half of the shake wasn't threatened by a very thirsty somebody to my right. Next time, I'm getting my own. ;)
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,10/14/2009,86,218,12,15,15>I am a little bit obsessed with my New Roots Organic bin. I talk about it all the time. Every Sunday, I eagerly check the website so I have an idea of what to expect for delivery day. Then I spend a LOT of time thinking about what's already in the refridg, what I'll be adding, and then I plan and re-plan what to make out of it all. Then on Monday (Capitol Hill's delivery day), I rush to get home before my roommate so I can be the one that gets to unpack the bin, arrange it on the counter, snap a picture, and then wash and package it all for easy use throughout the week. When I'm able to use 3+ ingredients in one meal, I squeal with joy, because I feel like I've solved a difficult math problem. For example, I realized yesterday that I had all the ingredients for ratatouille, thus knocking out the eggplant, zucchini, and tomatoes. This is an awesome service that I highly encourage anyone who is interested in incorporating more fruits and veggies into their diet to use. And for those who also want to be challenged to make seemingly disgusting foods that you typically avoid (for me, its eggplant, beets, and cabbage) into delicious edible meals.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,10/13/2009,114,197,17,10,11>Ok, I will admit it...I LOVE DICK'S!!! I said it. It is so nasty, so greasy, so not good for you, and I feel so awful mentally and physically after I have it and promise never to go again, but it sucks me in with its traditional burgers with the relish and squishy homemade french fries. I will admit to something else -- I ALWAYS get two order of fries! ALWAYS! They're so good that I can't have just one order. Two, I tell you! Oh, Dick's is a necessary evil. If I walk past, I have to have it, which is why I always take the long route to work around the block and away from it, so I don't go in. If you want heart attack on a bun, then go to Dick's. If not, I suggest you stay clear b/c that place is habit forming.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,10/12/2009,117,123,13,12,11>I love things that are combined: shampoo and conditioner, those laundry detergent/fabric softener/dryer sheet thingys, and sporks. I also love the idea of dinner and a movie at the same time. And with Cinebarre being 21+, I can gleefully see movies such as Harry Potter without the constant reminder of teen angst and awkwardness (at least not from the audience) that you get at those other theaters. And the ticket price of $10 is pretty comparable.It took a couple of visits to be ready to review this place. Like SO MANY other yelpers here, I really want them to succeed.  When we arrived, we ordered our drinks and meal just in time before the movie started. It was a short wait to receive our drinks, then the popcorn (real butter!) and dinner not far behind. Seems like they've got the service timed much better. The menu items have been satisfying thus far. At the premiere event I tasted and enjoyed their Big Lebowski (fried pickles), and their pizzas are decent as well. On my second visit, I tried the Fried Green Tomatoes sandwich (basically a BLT with fried green....you get it), and was surprised at how flavorful it was. And this last time, I went light with a Soylent Salad and honey mustard dressing (which was immediately fattened up by some popcorn). All of these foods I would order again.And for those that are wondering about service, the theater is designed to give servers enough room to navigate the place, and the servers are expert at stealth delivery and order-taking. I have never had my view obstructed once.Don't want dinner, but still want to experience the service? For a party of 2 or 3, might i recommend a bowl of popcorn ($6) and a pitcher of sangria ($20)! It'll get you nice and loose for the questionable movie your buddy or your date picked for you that night!I'll be back for sure. And I encourage folks to check it out, even if you aren't a northender!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,10/10/2009,225,519,8,11,10>I walked to Cupcake Royale to test their new recipes "moistier" claim at their Cap Hill Pike street location. I figured if I walked there then the cupcake sugar consumption was less dangerous* Walking to eat cupcakes= less muffin top!I tasted a Lavender Vanilla cupcake and a mini of their seasonal Huckleberry. Their "moistier" claim was true! and the vanilla cake itself was one of the best I have had- it was not a throwaway piece of the cupcake at all... you all know what I mean* The lavender frosting quickly became one of my favorite dessert flavors upon first bite- it might just be a personal preference though. The mini huckleberry tasted more like a dense blueberry muffin- it was OK- once again- maybe be personal preference. The shop on Cap Hill is a lot cuter then their Ballard store(where I tried their previously dry cupcakes)- great decor and vibe- definitely a destination for coffee and dessert in a fun atmosphere. The frosting amount on the cupcakes was just right and the cupcakes I tasted moist and flavor full... plus they had balance... score one for Cupcake Royale! and it's cute 2nd location!FYI's~*When I was on their website- I saw that the fall will bring Pumpkin and Candy Apple special varietals- yum! Can't wait to try them*Open late!*More than one mini cupcake variety offered
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,10/9/2009,16,50,7,7,4>Bacon.  Buy their bacon, cook it, eat it.  Its siren's song calling you from the pan will ensure that you will return.  All the other meats are great as well, but none as yet have sung to me quite like these delicious slabs of pork.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,10/8/2009,36,63,8,9,6>OH, happy day! Pho in Fremont? My life is complete.For years, I've hoped, wished and prayed for a pho place within easy lunchtime walking distance of the Fremont Bridge. Imagine my happy surprise when a friend remarked that a pho joint was going into the former Sonic Boom on Fremont Ave. Within hours, I investigated. The first signage indicated it would open March 4. The 4th came and went but no openings. I walked by the following Monday to see they were open for business, finally! I went a little early the next day, and was surprised by the line. Both sizes are a couple bucks more than most pho places around town (I paid just under 7 for the medium, but the large is under $2 more), but there are Fremont rents to consider. The most recent incarnation of this space sold frozen yogurt which still seems to be available but the cold weather's a bit frightful for that still. They will also be selling bahn mi and other Vietnamese sandwiches soon. The pho took five minutes to bring to the table after ordering. I ordered the #1 beef. The broth was well-balanced and all the ingredients were fresh -- basil, jalapeno, sprouts, limes. All the tables have the standard sides -- hoisin, chili garlic sauce, Sriracha -- for customization. Everything inside is shiny and new.I couldn't be happier.I'll be back for more.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,10/7/2009,104,135,11,10,18>Here's a poetic ode to the Market -- with a small shoutout to Yelp hidden in there, if you will.  I hope you don't find it too cheesy -- plenty of that in the market, too.  Anyway, here goes:PIKE PLACEWrap-around enclavesecho prickly crab elbows, Sitting atop icy shard steps up and down angular pocketsInto a grand hall of dance.Two feet forward, a whiff of the sea.Two feet sideways,a bite of apple.Two feet back,A presience of tulips.We swerve and swayamidst colorful rowswandering through fieldshogging abuzz of copper dreams.Yelping deals percussively determined,fingertips link, eyes agazeIn the motion of clanging neon, Overseeing a new surprise.Each offers it's own World upon worldOf busy delight.This is much more than just a Placeof pike, pigs, and petals.  It is a magical music of swirling sense.  It is a Place, in motion, a place to Beguine.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,10/6/2009,91,486,13,13,15>I should have known that with a name like Luisa's, this place had to be good. (My middle name is Louise, after all!) She's like the sister I never had. Wait. I have three sisters already. Maybe a long-lost twin?I digress. The food was excellent. I ordered the Burrito Loco, the vegetarian version of their Expresso Burrito. I was a huge whole-wheat tortilla with pinto beans, rice, bell peppers, olives, onions, lettuce, corn, sour cream, and guacamole, plus some other stuff I'm sure. This thing filled up the whole plate, and although I was a little intimidated at first, I managed to eat a third of it. Take that, Burrito Loco! I sure can't wait for lunch today.The whole set-up here is a lot like Rosita's. In fact I suspect they have the same ownership because the menu was so similar and they had the same fresh tortilla-making station. Their green salsa was just about identical as well.We came here for my *actual* sissy's birthday, and they stole one of the cupcakes we had brought, stuck a candle in it, surrounded it with those tortilla-and-whipped-cream dessert things, and brought it back out (with the whole staff singing and playing maracas, of course). I thought that was above and beyond.I was shocked that, for a party of 14, they didn't automatically add gratuity to our check. They did stick in about 45 Andes mints, though, and for that, they earned themselves far above the standard 18%.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2009,10/5/2009,5000,1706,12,9,12>Ok - who isn't in love with the cat that looks just like a killer whale?! I live less than a block from this bookstore and I readily admit to paying visits without even intending on buying a book. I go sometimes just to pet cats!I've always found that the prices of books here are very fair. Additionally they have a pretty good selection considering how small they are. Even when my brother pays visits to me from CA we go here (to pet cats) and look for books he can read on his flight back home.I think it's wonderful that this store is a home to cats who would otherwise not have homes. It's also a smart marketing tool because not only is it tempting to go in and just pet the cats, but they appear to be trained to lead you around the store and force you to browse in sections you didn't even go in there to look at. DARN! It's hard to walk out with empty hands.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2006,8/25/2006,106,122,6,9,7>I try and go here for lunch with a friend atleast once per week.  I've never ventured into their Italian food, mostly because I just can't get enough of their Mexican food.  It's delish and the gentleman making it is always filled with compliments.  They have a broad selection of lunch specials for only $5.95 and a raunchy Mexican soap opera is always on the TV for your viewing pleasure.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2006,8/23/2006,0,5,1,7,5>This is the coolest hotel I've ever stayed in.  Now, I'm not very cool--as evidenced by my frequent use of the word cool--but this place definitely made me feel cool for a night.  Everything about this place screams artsy and modern.  Each door to all the rooms have a unique photograph covering the entire door.  All the artwork throughout the hotel is original.  Not only can you order the type of pillows you want on the bed, but you can order what type of religious scripture you want (bible, Koran, a bunch of eastern religion-type books, etc).  Now, how cool is that!  The staff was excellent.  I only had one request, which was to find a place within walking distance to get Korean barbecue short ribs at 11:30 PM.  The guy at the front desk made a phone call and 45 seconds later, this place a few blocks away was going to stay open a little bit later for us.  That's good service--on both their parts.  Okay, so the rooms were a little bit small and there was no tub--I'm not sure about the king rooms.  However, I think this is expected from a boutique hotel.  My only real gripe is that you have to pay extra for internet access.  Isn't this Seattle?  That's pretty minor, however, and I'm sure to stay here next time I'm in Seattle.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2006,8/22/2006,98,242,4,6,5>Its kind of an odd mix of asian food as its overtly korean, but serves sushi (note it was formerly bonzai bistro) and some dim sum dishes.  In any case, the prices aren't bad and the food is quite good.  Oh and a tip for folks looking to get drunk for cheap - order a bottle of soju, its $10 and you'll get quite a few shots out of it.  So you do the math.  Anyway, if you stop by tell my friend Jenny I said hi... please tip her well too :)
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2006,8/20/2006,5,27,3,5,3>It is HARD to find good Chinese food, and even harder to find good vegetarian Chinese food. At Bamboo Garden you can find veggie filled entrees and all the fake meat your heart (or tongue) desires. Not very pricey and there are some large tables if you want to bring a group along. Call ahead if you can, cause this place can get pretty busy on a Friday or Saturday night. Bonus points: The Garden features a full bar, so have a cocktail with your meal.. if your into that sorta thing. (which I am.)
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2006,8/19/2006,470,585,4,10,10>Metro is pretty awesome. Yes, it doesn't go absolutely everywhere, it's not free, and it gets stuck in traffic like the rest of us, but seriously, people, they've done a lot of good things here!- free wi-fi on the buses- free website monitoring (real-time) of where the buses are- ride-free zone downtown- the free waterfront trolley- the buses are basically clean and safe- the schedules are pretty easy to understand and the web-based trip planner is excellent (and if you get weird results and email them to metro, an actual thinking human being looks into the problem and emails you with information and a thank you)- seattle folk are mostly honest and good, and a check with metro lost and found will usually find the umbrella or item you left on the bus (I'm 2 for 2 in 8 years)- schedules and route numbers are clearly posted at most stops- the drivers are mostly friendly and helpful, some extraordinarily so- they're using biodiesel now- they're buying diesel/electric hybrids, perfect for the acceleration/braking patterns of most buses- the buses are usually on time or very close to it, and when they're not because of some major event, they send staff people to major stops to alert people and to help them make other plans- the park and ride lots are clean, safe, and free- it's much easier to get to big events at places like seattle center on the bus- no parking hassles downtown- you get to meet your neighbors and fellow citizens, in all their glory Get out of your car and try the bus. Just do it ONCE. If you can't bear the idea of doing it on the way to work because you're worried about *whatever*, use public transit to get to an event or museum downtown. Take your kids with you. It's so important that they learn how to ride the bus and that doing so is a GOOD thing... I think private cars will be gone in their lifetimes.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2006,8/18/2006,14,174,7,7,3>I'm one of those evil people that totally disregard "dry clean only" tags on my clothes and linens. I'll probably go to laundry hell for that but oh well, I've saved some serious dough over the years and have become sort of a pro at laundering my own textiles.There are few exceptions to my rule. One is that I do not even try to get out blood or rust stains. I have my limits, I am not a luandress. But I digress...the other is when my cats do something horrible/naughty on or to my stuff. Recently I got a new female siamese kitten. My current adult male siamese cat got a little excited. And by "excited" I mean he freakin peed all over my down mattress. I was, needless to say, a little ticked off. At first I thought "hmmm will that fit into my washing machine?"  At which point my boyfriend wisely pointed out that the tag on the mattress says "dry clean only". Normally I ignore this pointed statement which I feel is a conspiracy between the dry cleaners union and textiles union. This time, I couldn't handle it. I took my mattress over to the nice lady at this location, at which point she mentioned that she hadn't seen me before. She then gave me a 40% discount for being a new customer. I recieved a call letting me know my mattress was in a mere 3 days later, and for a very reasonable price no less...
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2006,8/17/2006,204,297,10,14,9>Is it really too much to ask to have a beverage with my movie?  The Big Picture says 'no, here have some champagne!' and I love them for that.  And a happy side effect of this is that there are also no screaming, kicking-your-seat-children here.  The children are our future, true, but when you pay $9 for a show, I am happy to save their boisterous company for the future.They have a deal where you can get two movie tickets, a champagne bucket filled with popcorn and some special seasoning, and two glasses of champagne - do this!  You save a significant amount of bucks and you feel all fancy with your champagne.  They have a full bar, and you can get up and get more beverages during the movie, which you should also do.  Support the bar because it is there and that is awesome!The seats are large with lots of space between the rows.  The place is underground, and decorated sort of darkly swanky, so it's very cozy and intimate.  There aren't more than two shows a night, and they are typically either super old, cult favorites or new popular movies.  We saw Wedding Crashers there, so of course we did the champagne thangy.  Then we did the Manhattans thangy.  That movie was so funny.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2006,8/16/2006,63,164,7,4,3>Dude, if i were a Goth in Seattle I would be here every night of the week. i would try and hide behind the bar after closing and rub the ground up remains of black roses on my lips.  I got FULLY twisted here with my local homies! Anna S. and Jon S. (no relation) They have the widest selections of girlie drinks I have ever seen in my life! (If you are stalking a goth chick, tell her to meet you here and buy her one of their drinks that is pitch black. She would totally be into you.) Good music, interesting architecture, great bar, awesome house-flavored vodkas, good bartenders and so on. Excellent seating area upstairs, with a great view of the scene below. That's where i spent most of my night, sucking down girlie fruit flavored martinis and getting ultimately soused. I would go back anytime! Any ladies in body-stockings interested?
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2006,8/14/2006,35,53,4,5,5>My mother introduced me to Tuesday Morning, but she'll never go there with me again. In my defense, she had been saying she wanted to get more exercise. A sample of her side of our conversation there:-- "But you don't have children." -- "You also don't have a king-size waterbed." -- "Oh, that can't be legal."-- "What the... What are you going to do with a 12-inch Tuskegee Airman?"Every excursion to Tuesday morning is interesting and successful. It's also a little bit of a Zen trip. Just clear your mind, release your expectations, and let it all wash over you. If you do that, you'll invariably find something great. A Frank Lloyd Wright wall clock for $40, 600-TC cotton sheet sets for $30, and amazing picture frames for $4.50 a pop are among my finds. Yes, it's an odd-lot store. And because "odd" is a more operative word there than at your average store, it's a favorite.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2006,8/13/2006,28,47,1,5,4>I am a die-hard Chow Foods fan. Chow owns Coastal Kitchen, Mio Posto, the Five Spot, Hi-Life (in Mysterious Ballard) and Endolyne Joe's. Plus Atlas Foods in the U Village, but I rarely go to U Village due to the high number of squalling brats and the low number of available parking spots. I love Endolyne Joe's probably the most of any Chow restaurant. The food is uniformly good, the service is always expert, and if something is wrong they will bend over backwards to make it right. Case in point: my partner and I each had a hot fudge sundae one night, which came with what was supposed to be an edible toffee garnish. However, the toffee was miserably chewy - the kind of chewy that feels like your fillings are being pulled out. We brought this to the attention of our waitperson, citing a similar experience with the same sundae a few weeks before. Our waitress said, "I'll tell the chef... maybe she will do something about it." Sure enough, the next time we were there they had completely changed the garnish on the hot fudge sundae. Our waitress (same perky woman as before) remembered us and shared how after we'd left the chef took a bite of the offending toffee and said, 'This is awful! This has gotta go!' But I digress.Like Coastal Kitchen, Endolyne Joe's rotates different menus featuring different areas of the country. One menu featured food from Hawaii. The corn/coconut/pineapple muffins they had on that menu were a true gustatorial wonder. Other wonders: the calamari/cabbage slaw. Unbelievably tasty! Fried chicken: probably the best in the city. Whenever at any Chow restaurant - be it Coastal Kitchen, Hi-Life, Five Spot - order the pork chop. Chow understands pork. They know their way around a pork chop. I have never had a bad pork chop at any Chow eatery.Like Coastal Kitchen, the prices at Endolyne Joe's are above the average diner price range. But it is well worth it. The atmosphere, the food, the service is well-worth the long haul over the West Seattle Bridge.Also: Chow restaurants know their breakfasts. Endolyne Joe's is no exception. Their oats are exceptional. Plus it's fun to order oatmeal and have your waitperson lean back and bellow 'OATS!!!' and have the kitchen bellow back 'OATS!!!' Their coffee cakes are (almost) always worth the calories. The ham they serve is from Neiman Farms: very tasty ham. None of this oval 'ham steak' here, but an honest-to-goodness chunk of ham. Their corned beef hash is home-made. Not just assembled in the restaurant: they corn the actual beef there on the premises. Even their scrambled egg whites are delicious. My one and only complaint: when I ask for fruit instead of hash browns, I get only what should be considered a garnish. Five grapes, perhaps, and a sliver of grapefruit. But, I quibble. Everything else is top-notch.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/24/2012,154,223,6,11,6>Allow myself to quote ... myself after my first bite: "Wow."  I do not often say these words in an Indian restaurant.  Call me picky, but I have standards.  I just haven't  encountered many earth-shattering places in the area.  Sure, their neighbor, Naan and Curry tastes great, but the constant up-selling gets really annoying.  Naan & Curry are also a bit expensive for dinner.Elixir is fairly new.  I discovered them through a Groupon deal.  When I checked the reviews on Yelp, I noticed they had 4 stars with 4 reviews.  That's not too shabby for a restaurant that is starting off.  After my first visit, I have to say I am *so* glad I bought that Groupon and tried them out!We stopped by here today for dinner.  The place was fairly empty, though that's understandable since they are new.  Service was prompt and friendly.  The menu isn't overly extensive, and I consider that to be a big trap that a lot of Indian restaurants fall into.  The menu is missing seafood dishes, but that's perfectly okay.  They do have some American cuisine dishes available for the picky eaters in your dining party.They have a fairly evenly split menu between meat and vegetarian dishes.  I ordered the lamb curry, garlic naan, poori, and my dude ordered the lamb biryani.  I opted not to order any extra rice since I figured I would add some of my curry sauce to the biryani.The food arrived relatively quickly.  I took my first bite of lamb curry and said: "Wow."  It had a lot of flavor packed into that curry sauce.  It was just the right level of (medium requested) spice, and the lamb was tender.  The biryani was delicious too!  The garlic naan was a generous size, and the poori was delicious.  The people running that kitchen obviously put a lot of expertise and care into their food.  It really shows!At the end of the meal, my dude asked our waitress if the Gulab Jamun was fresh.  She assured us that it was very, very fresh.  She asked us if we wanted it cold or warm, and we ordered it warm. My first taste of this dessert was at Naan and Curry, and I was thoroughly unimpressed with the pre-packaged dessert that showed up at our table.  The Gulab Jamun here at Elixir quickly arrived at our table, and I was even further impressed!  It was a generous enough size dessert.  They come 2 per bowl, and one is rich enough to satisfy one person.  I had a couple bites of the 2nd one, and it was just slightly more than necessary.  My one and (only) complaint is that they do charge for Chutney.  To be fair, it is clearly stated on their menu.  We'll be back.  Samosas are next on my list to try!  You should go.  Now.Congratulations, Elixir.  You have gained a loyal customer!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/23/2012,615,1175,5,7,6>My co-worker and I discovered this place one day and now we are hooked!  We now have periodic Friday "lady lunches" and we go here, sit on the patio, and eat amazing, authentic Mexican food.I am quite impressed with this place - the food is absolutely outstanding.  Last time I had the chorizo tacos with monterrey jack cheese and they were insanely delicious.  Today I had mushroom sopes and they were phenomenal.  The flavors were delicious and the ingredients are so fresh!  The alambre tacos are also another great dish.You must sit on the patio - it's such a great atmosphere.  Perfect for a summer day.Service can be a little slow and inconsistent, but the staff is very friendly.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  You must go here!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,9/22/2012,1802,206,4,11,10>I just inhaled their mac n cheese and washed it down with their hush puppies.  Wow, this is the coolest place.The service from Joseph (bartender, waiter, concierge, assistant manager - you get my drift) was spot on.  He's very professional, helpful and friendly.  He knows the product mix at the restaurant.  I'm impressed.They have a great array of super cool art and masks displayed throughout the restaurant.  I understand from my Fremont friends that their Happy Hour is decent.Lastly, über clean washrooms and solid soulful sounds are coming out of the speakers.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,9/21/2012,579,280,8,17,17>I've hung out at the other coffee shops in the hood, and this is my favorite one. And when I say that, I mean I've spent hundreds of dollars and dozens of hours hanging out at these local coffee shops and this is my favorite one. I frequent coffeeshops daily because I do my writing there.Sure it's very expensive, yep, the lines might be occasionally long, but so are the lines at other coffeeshops. But the interior design is superb. Light, airy, sophisticated, a  wonderful place to hang out. I even love their french press coffee in the thermos. Delicious! I've been here about 9 times to date, and I've always had wonderful customer service. I choose this place because of the atmosphere and because I like supporting independent places. Love the play area, tons of outlets, lots of seating. I could save money by going to other coffeeshops, but I like it here and I want it to stay. Plus they have coffee punch cards so I'm hoping that will save me some $$ on the coffee as a regular.P.S. Wow there are a lot of bad reviews by the moles of pissed off competitors. Pretty obvious, as now Im no longer a daily Coffee customer of cupcake royale next door, nor do I want to go to the huge Starbucks across the street. There are also 6 other places I didn't mention within the block to procure coffee.  What's w the kids area bashing? I've always hung out and wrote w no problem.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/20/2012,267,579,13,11,10>First, I must apologize both to myself and the cash register at the 5 Point for not having come sooner.  While this is most likely beneficial to my wallet, the mistake shan't be made moving forward.  I was fortunate enough to get to experience this "gem" for the first time on a sunny day and the outdoor seating is fantastic for groups.  Honestly, I only had a brief glimpse of the inside, but it certainly appears to be a place that I will enjoy many more times, rain or shine.  I won't harp on the drinks, save to mention that the specialty IPA they have right now is very good, and the bartender knows how to pour a glass of scotch.  The food we tried consisted of:Macaroni and Cheese Wedges:  Yeah.... delicious.  No surprise there.  Calamari:  I liked the size and presentation of their version a lot and I will definitely try it again when I can massacre an entire plate on my own.  It was tender and the breading was unique.  Buffalo wings:  Not too spicy, not too sweet - I was actually a big fan of the sauce they used, almost seemed like a fusion of buffalo and bbq.  Either way, good wings.Pita and hummus:  The hummus was good although honestly I don't know how I feel about the bread... Frankly, i was in a fried food coma anyways so I don't think my opinion on this dish matters.Jalapeno poppers:  Ok so, I am a bad Jew and I strongly dislike cream cheese, but honestly... these were really good.  I even ate two of them.  I fiend jalapeno poppers when they're filled with cheddar or some other none cream cheese cheese, but I gave it a shot and I was not disappointed.  Will I start eating cream cheese on bagels?  Hellz no.  Will I eat one or two more of these?  Maybe. Mini chimiburritochangaawesomes:  I don't know what the official name was, but these were great.  Crunchy, chewy, full of flavor, and the perfect size to eat twenty.  I mean three.  All in all, I was ridiculously impressed with the food and service, the latter I will harp on more in my EE review to follow.  I'm going back soon, and soon after that.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,9/19/2012,55,346,6,11,9>Good lord, this place is the holy mecca of unique and truly innovative ice cream flavours. As someone who admittedly is not a huge fan of ice cream, I can honestly say that this stuff is definitely worth the caloric investment.With rotating mystery flavours dubbed "Pandora's Box," you can NEVER get bored with anything offered here. The on-the-fly formulation of the Midnight Muscovado? Simply divine. I love that the owner plays his cards close and doesn't reveal his recipes, because it keeps things a bit more fun and challenging for one's palette. I find that with every tasting of a new flavour, I pick up on nuances that I've never experienced before in an ice cream format.Go in and tell the owner your palette preferences and he'll guide you through a bit of a flavour flight, which is a lovely introduction to his product. With the plethora of frozen desserts available on the hill ranging from frozen custard, gelato, and other handmade ice cream, it's a bold statement for me to say that this is officially my new go-to for ice cream in the 'hood.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,9/18/2012,466,877,8,14,11>I just checked out Ballard Pizza Company with some friends and it was really fun. Cool space with a great vibe for a pizza joint. They sell slices which is very convenient and they're reasonably priced. $2.50 for a slice of cheese and $3 for other slices. I had only one slice of pepperoni (my standby favorite) and couldn't finish it because it was so big! They had about 8 beers on tap which I appreciated. I had a pint of the Downtown Brown and enjoyed it. The beer was $4.50. A big slice of pizza and a pint for under $8, not bad! The pizza itself is good. It didn't blow me away but it was tasty and I liked the crust. I'll be back for sure!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,9/17/2012,416,153,16,16,21>When you live in Kitsap county, going east means everyone starts looking like a mug shot. People seem furious and wild-eyed, or merely glowering and resentful. It's okay. I understand these feelings now that I live in Kitsap County, too. Anyway, now that we're stationed on Bainbridge Island, we've hoofed it up and down the downtown streets many times en route from the ferry terminal to (relative) civilization and back, and always this place beckoned, particularly at night. Nestled into the Alexis Hotel, it nonetheless retains its own softly glowing identity. I'm not sure what it is-probably just my environs as I grew up, a reader among readers-but there is something so gloriously settling to me about walls of books, so familiar and convivial and homey (even though I've dispatched with most of my own when pressed for space in small houses). So mixing a warm, woodsy/amber palette with well orchestrated lighting, and cozy seating amid looming walls of books-then throwing really great cocktails in there, too-is kind of Xanadu. Nearly always I'd pass this place with my kids in tow, and though I'm not sure if they're allowed or not, it doesn't feel like a place to bring kids (even older ones), particularly at night, when the vibe is definitely romantic. So I was happy to try it out on one of the five or so times in a given year when I foray out on what you earth people call a "date." Not sure what to order off the cocktail menu, I blathered something about wanting a drink that was light, not too sweet, had a clear liquor (having discovered I sometimes bloat up and look like William Shatner when I drink whiskey). The waitress, a sort of diastematic Holly GoLightly, made the excellent suggestion of an elderflower drink that was fantastic. My date didn't drink, probably because he couldn't trust the influence of alcohol on his darker impulses in my presence.I was impressed with the warmth of the place and the service, and more with the cocktails than with the food: the bistro burger was pretty basic, nothing extraordinary, as were the pork sliders (high bun-to-meat ratio), but the fries were thin, copious, and yummy. From others' comments here, I'm thinking the mac and cheese may be the way to go, food-wise.It's a great option in that area, and an alternative to Boka and the few other venues in its same niche. After a few months of glimpsing in from the sidewalk, I'm glad I finally got to enjoy it from the other side of the picture windows ;)
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,9/16/2012,293,280,4,7,6>My wife and I finally made the long trip across the street from our place to go to the obseration deck of the Smith Tower.  This place is so cool...and very worth it.  From the gifts in the Chinese Room...to the history and art of the place.  It was one of the tallest buildings in the world in the 1900s, and the view still holds up as a nice way to view the nearby architecture.  The souvenirs allow you to better understand its construction and significance..made from materials such as Onyx from Mexico.  The new ownership seems much better, and theyve lowered the price of admission from $10 to $7.50 per adult.  Very, very cool.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,9/15/2012,109,455,5,8,7>Whichever reviewer mentioned the Long Island Iced Teas being strong & good wasn't kidding.  I'm not a hardcore drinker, but I can usually hold my liquor through at least 2-3 stiff drinks, but one single LIIT here and I was ready to be put into a pine box!  And that was kind of disappointing because that was a really good drink, and I would've definitely had another except I wanted to make it home alive that night.  I wasn't drinking on an empty stomach either - I went classic with a pepperoni pizza and found the crust pleasant and the meat a little greasy, but hey - it's pepperoni!  Not the best pizza I've ever eaten but far from the worst as well.  Prices are about what you'd expect for the area.The building is cool and although there are a lot of people and tables in close proximity, it doesn't seem overly crowded.  The patio area is lovely and I wish they had one or two more tables out there because I would've loved to be outside (although those tables would probably have been taken over as well!)Service was slightly disorganized, with utensils and napkins (dish towels, actually) coming after my food, but they did their best to keep up with us and were overall nice and friendly, especially the guy checking IDs downstairs.  I'm not a beer drinker, so can't speak as to their selection, but they seem to have a little something for everyone, so it shouldn't be a problem for a group with varied tastes.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,6/14/2012,136,597,8,9,9>I can't attest to the quality of the longstanding Rosebud, nor can I attest to St. John's food (as all I got when I stopped by were cocktails), but I can say with certainty that I like Saint Johns already based on the 40ish minutes I spent sitting at the bar last night. I didn't stop by immediately after opening because, like most restaurants, I figured there would be some opening edges that would need to be smoothed over. My French 75 and Moscow Mule were both super tasty and reasonably priced (even after I stopped by after the happy hour prices), and the service friendly and quick without being intrusive. The bartender is a G, very French, and cool. Yup. Saint John's is legit.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,6/13/2012,161,263,8,16,11>Every seattleite-healthnut-hippster-yelpster has to try this place out.  This is the kind of brunch that I've been looking for.I'm not vegan but I love nuts/veggies/cafe style meals.  This place serves soups, salads, rice bowls, noodles and a long list of smoothies.I couldn't decide on what to order so I asked the cashier what was most popular. She suggested the salad/entree combos and I went with her first suggestion and chose the Raw Enchiladas..it had a little bit of everything! the salad was dressed with a light sesame dressing. I love that it had a mix of sprouts/carrots/red onions over it.  The enchiladas were so tasty that I had to check the menu on my way out to find out how they made the cheese: it was with cashews. geniuses! and the tomato tortilla was made from flaxseed which gave it a nuttier chewier texture than regular flour tortilla. so different from anything I've ever had! -love the outdoor tables for people watching too.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,6/12/2012,176,500,6,13,9>I love the retro Vegas feel here. Turquoise walls, neon lights, and jukebox... perfect.Drinks are cheap and big. A beer on tap and a vodka cran was $6 and it wasn't even HH.The bathroom is surprisingly clean as well, but it is a bit of a hike from the bar.Warning: CASH ONLY!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,6/10/2012,669,404,6,10,12>Located off River Road in Puyallup, WA -- this place is currently offering $4.99 pho!? This stuff is already cheaper than a shirt made at a sweatshop, but $4.99...pinch me!I ordered a steak and meatball pho, spring roll, and chicken/pork sandwich. The pho has a strong broth which tells me they must use more beef bone to make it. The ingredients are fresh and delicious and the portions are larger than normal. They have a medium and large size, I ordered the medium. The spring roll has a good balance of rice to meat and is completely fresh.The chicken/pork sandwich comes on a french bread type roll and is just crisp enough to allow the meat and flavors inside to explode in your mouth. It was delicious.When I finished I immediately bookmarked it, mmmHmmm. There is plenty of seating and the parking lot that it shares is large enough that there are no issues. The condiments and shakers are also clean!Cleanliness - 5Quality - 5Consistency - 5
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/9/2012,472,197,7,13,11>I have fallen in love with this amazing little oasis of food. It's vegan, organic as much as possible, creative, quite the experience.Let me draw you a picture of dinner at Sutra:They have pre-fixe menu and two seatings most nights, one seating on Sunday.They are open Wed-Sun and have a full staff of about 6 people.You reserve your table in advance, they may take your credit card for the reservation.You arrive at 6:30 or a few minutes earlier, and are given your table and menus to salivate over - the 4 course dinner is listed out in long form - ingredient by ingredient.The server shares with you how it all works and talks about the wine and elixir pairings or the a la carte menu. Fabulous chill music is playing.You order you beverages, and talk with other guests or amongst yourselves.Your drinks arrive, served by the lovely ladies that work there, Misha, Lara, or maybe another. This is the "while you wait" drink (look on the beverage pairings menu).The chef is behind counter (you can sit there if you like, up to 4 people) in the fully visible kitchen (my favorite place to sit and watch the magic), he - Colin or Matt - is preparing the first course, a salad and soup on all of the plates/cups. The smells are fabulous.Then, your first course drink pairing arrives, the chef announces that dinner is about to be served, and they share a little about the meal, where the food comes from, and give thanks - in a grateful way, not so much religious :) Then, one of my favorite parts, he hits the gong. It's such a great way to settle in and alert your entire being that you are "here" and it's where you want to be.Salad and soup is brought around to all guests, the first course commences.Each course flows nice and slow, never feeling like you are rushed or waiting, just enjoying each moment.The second course and pairing arrive, then after a bit, the third, main course, and a little longer pause, then dessert and coffee or herbal tea. Dessert is always a surprisingly unique and delicious experience. Not too sweet, not boring, just delicious.I've eaten here about 6 times now. A different meal entirely each time, same yet uniquely peacful and enjoyable feeling of truly, and fully enjoying a slow cooked, local, sustainable, mouth-watering, memory-igniting meal consciously. Now that is something to write home about. I've posted a picture or two of the menus, and many of the food.The cost of the 4 course meal is $37 plus tax and tip, and pairings for wine are $27, non-alcoholic is $13. With elixirs that good, I may never need wine with dinner! I recommend trying them at least once. They can handle parties or reserve the whole place, or just come on your own or bring a date. It's a special place. Guests are dang friendly. The whole place holds somewhere around 20-26, I believe. If/when I get married again, I think the rehearsal dinner party will be here.Enjoy!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,6/8/2012,103,123,19,10,10>I just trust in the Lord, Jesus Christ, that they expand their Sunday Funk Brunch to the funky rest of the week.  As the economy improves, hopefully the good Lord will see through His will that more brunch places pop up in Fremont.  Though He is a vengeful God, I believe even the Father, His Son, and The Holy Ghost would enjoy chicken and waffles just as the rest of we, His flock.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,6/6/2012,475,222,11,15,15>What a way to spend a cheat day!!A little backstory: I live by a pretty strict diet, to keep my sanity and also allow myself to enjoy life a bit... I cheat once a week.By means of Vicki's Breakfast Club events I came here for breakfast. I decided to go all out... And here is how!!I ordered "The Zach." nuff sed.... No? Need more? Okay. The Zach is this colossus of a biscuit sandwich! A huge biscuit with a breaded fried chicken thigh, bacon, and egg, then splashed (literally) with sausage gravy... Oh my f**k I swear this was a heart attack. It wasn't the kind of sandwich that can be picked up (but believe my I tried). After thoroughly wiping gravy off my chin, I dug in with a knife and fork. So very good though the gravy needed more sausage. Overall I thoroughly enjoyed it. Does it stop there? NOPE! With all that savory gravy soaked goodness... I needed something sweet. So I ordered another biscuit, but with fresh made peanut butter, bananas, and honey. Another delicious choice and the perfect bookend for the breakfast cheat.Overall, I'm a huge Tom Douglas fan and this is another one of his spots that thoroughly satisfies.4 unhinged-the-jaw-for-a-bite stars out of 5Cheers
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,6/5/2012,200,357,13,20,18>I am experiencing a loss for words to do Quinn's justice. What makes this place uber cool, is its unpretentious simplicity of decor and space, and a bartender that responds to "I wasn't too crazy about this particular cheese" with "well, It didn't like you either!" ...followed by a handsome smile.But once you open the menu, you instantly realize you just walked into awesomeness. Their web page describes it as "a unique twist on traditional fare", I call it impressive & creative culinary adventure!Selection of beers & bourbons that looks like a hand picked fancy wine list. Pig face nuggets, bone marrow, oxtail and foie...seriously?! - Beef tartare with quail egg, absolutely delicious. Fresh, rich, slightly salty/tangy. Oh my. - Country style pork terrine: creamy, slightly sweet with grilled bread slices. I was enjoying it so much, so when we had to run to met up with other friends, I could not leave anything on my plate, I literally grabbed it in a napkin and finished it on the street. - Even something as simple as a beer cheese sauce for a pretzel was fantastic.Not to mention the bartender makes possibly one of the best French 75 and real espresso martini cocktails! I'm coming back every weekend.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,6/4/2012,109,455,8,12,13>Yesterday was the first time I ventured into Poquitos.  I'm a sucker for Mexican food, but the mixed reviews for this place kept me away, plus I usually have another dining destination already in mind when I'm in the Pike/Pine corridor.  But a friend's birthday celebration finally provided me a reason to come here.From the reviews, the best feature of Poquitos is the (completely) covered patio and it's true.  It was a nice, but cold, November day and we were as toasty as could be, despite being nominally 'outside'.  The long communal table in the middle is perfect for a large (and growing) group, although it's a little close to the seats at bar which makes it awkward for people trying to squeeze through.The happy hour pricing is pretty good, even if the hours (4-6) are a bit pinched.  I had a $5 poquitos margarita which was excellent in taste and strong enough to make me a little woozled, as I hadn't eaten much that day.  I ordered the chicken tinga empanadas to counter the alcohol and found them pleasantly spicy, perfectly-sized to be picked up and held, and not at all greasy.  I also had a few of the chips and liked the salsa but thought neither chips nor dip were worth paying for.  Finally, I had half of a warmed churro which was quite tasty, especially with its caramel? dipping sauce.I thought our waiter did a great job of adapting to the ever-increasing group (while still taking care of other tables!) and making sure everyone had food and drinks.  He forgot to bring me silverware and a napkin & I couldn't catch his eye long enough to request one, but since the empanadas as mentioned above are well-sized for holding, this wasn't a big problem.Overall: good food, reasonable (happy hour) prices, good service, lovely patio, cramped space.  I don't know that I would bother coming here for dinner, but sign me up for that $5 poquitos margarita!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,6/3/2012,1139,93,6,18,16>Love, love, love Pt. Defiance Park in Tacoma!  This park is connected to the zoo and aquarium, and there are so many other things to do and see there as well.  The park has a beautiful landscape that includes a large pond with ducks and fish, and there's also a stunning rose garden that is definitely fun to stroll through.  Plus, if you go to Pt. Defiance during the last weekend in June, you'll get to enjoy the infamous Taste of Tacoma, which is definitely a tasty event!  Aside from the beautiful park, there is also a beach-front area, which is a blast to visit.  You can hang out on the beach or go for a walk in the sand or on the boardwalk.  In addition to that, there is also a scenic drive called "5-mile drive," which is a true depiction of a Washington State forest.  There are lots of little places to stop along the drive... many of them with breath-taking views!  My favorite spot overlooks the Puget Sound and has a view of the Narrows Bridge, which connects Tacoma to Gig Harbor.  There are trails all around 5-mile drive so if you have time I would encourage you to explore... or better yet, bring your picnic basket and make a day of it at the park and the beach and along the trails followed by a relaxing drive.  Ahhh... this is my kind of place!  It blows my mind that something this beautiful can be found in the city.  With all that being said, if you haven't been to Pt. Defiance yet, you need to check it out
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,6/20/2010,615,688,16,19,18>Oh agave, my precious mistress, how I adore thee.  I know that for many tequila is the liquid fire memory that made you strip naked and kiss a goat.  But for me, she is the misunderstood beauty of the liquor world.  Sure she can be a handful at times but when understood and adored she can fill your senses with the beauty of the desert sunset. I'm very pleased that Seattle has a tequila bar.  As you can tell, I am a fan of the drink and have been since I spent a few years in Arizona learning the entire culture around it.  And after countless horror stories, I never abused her from the start.  So needless to say, I don't have any stories of tequila fueled debauchery.  Sorry.Well, onto the wonderful establishment of The Saint.  It stands like a aqua gem in Capitol Hill, beckoning you into her doors.  And greets you with an entire wall of drinks.  The place itself seemed a tad small but definitely encourages friendliness.  The bathroom was a little odd in the middle of the bar.  You basically are right next to a table, so it felt a little strange.The drink menu is fun and affordable.  They are creative with their combinations and make a fine margarita.  We enjoyed the small menu during happy hour and the tacos and nachos are wonderful and perfectly sized to share with a friend.If you are an enthusiast, sit at the bar and enjoy the beautiful wall of tequila.  Of course they have shots worth $100 but that's just for showing off.  There are shots for less which provide the same beauty and smoothness.  You'll also find some hard to stock bottles too.  Impressive.If you love tequila, you will love the Saint.  And if you don't, they will teach you that, tequila should never burn, just bite.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2009,6/19/2010,63,44,7,9,10>Wow! What a burger!I went in first with my girlfriend a month or so ago. I had heard good things and being the burger lover that I am, had to put them to the test.The first time I went it took me a minute to figure out the menu but once I got it it was great. You can choose sides, toppings, and size of patties, to make it your own.I got a Western Burger. It came with  Bacon, Bbq Sauce, and Onion Rings on the burger. The fries were great as well. I sat there engorging myself on this thing thinking, the burger meat is so good I really don' t need all of this stuff on here. I decided next time I went I was just going to get a normal burger with cheese, to really taste the burger. Second time I went, I did just that and got a normal burger with cheese, lettuce, onion, and pickle. Bam!! Great burger without all that stuff on there. That is the real challenge and it passed with flying colors. They have a few other ones there that I still might want to try. The teriyaki burger looks pretty good too. They have big burger challenges that I might have to try some time too. The prices are about right for today's standards.I'll be back again and again.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,6/18/2010,117,123,19,13,14>Last night's dinner at Sazerac was like the first date with a guy you end up marrying. You walk in with lowered expectations and your guard raised because all your recent experiences were promising, but just didn't quite measure up. He is well-dressed (but so was the last d.b. you went out with). Sazerac is a lovely restaurant to eat in: giant pulled- toffee looking chandeliers, cozy velvet booths. But I've been fooled by fancy fixtures before. But then you get to the small talk, and you start to like what you hear. "You love watching 30 Rock and Cash Cab too? AND you love to go fishing?" "Fingerling potatoes and prosciutto with garlic aioli and cilantro?! Sounds amazing!" And the small plates we started with had me twitterpated like finding out he is a good kisser. By the end of the date/meal, you inappropriately wonder what your kids would look like, or whether you could convince your family to eat Thanksgiving here instead of at your aunt's house.THE SMALL PLATES: - $3 bowl of Spanish peanuts ended up being the perfect take-home snack - The Manchego with lobster mushrooms was just rich enough to be decadent without ruining my appetite. - The prosciutto and fingerlings were so good, I secretly hoped my dining companion would forget it was at my end of the table. - We also ordered a demi tasse of the "rooster, crawfish and sausage gumbo" which was also fabulous, especially because I could get just a taste. THE ENTREES: - First of all, you can order these in half portions, which allowed us to try all the small plates! - The Idaho crusted catfish over mashed potatoes was well-seasoned and perfectly cooked. - The Kobe flank steak was succulent, flavorful, and perfectly medium rare (as ordered), while the cauliflower gratin that accompanied it had pine nuts which gave it an unexpected pop of flavor that I enjoyed. THE DESSERT: - [Insert spectacular sex metaphor here]Sazerac and I are in the early stages yet, but I have a REALLY good feeling about this one.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,6/17/2010,155,124,25,22,23>So...it might just be a coincidence that my 100th review concludes my quest to find duck tongue on a Chinese menu in the Seattle I.D.And yeah, i have been harassing the GaGa Loc like a horny Junior prom date since i can remember, and they still haven't given it up ("Sorry, we're out!!!"). And i could not move on...till now. And i lost my sweet mallard linguistic virginity to the Ho.Oh my god....it's almost too perfect.To order duck tongue here, i (well, Brian M. and myself) had to ask the smiley, uber-talkative owner woman to translate all the Chinese specials on the back of the smaller specials menu. I am so glad that i did. They came out like little tiny "nya-nya-nyaaaa's" still attached to the beak, but you can pick up the whole thing and eat it deep-fried like a hot-wing. It's fun to chew and pick off with your teeth. Lot of fatty, good meat.We also ordered a delicious abalone, pork liver, scallop, shrimp, and squid hot pot...but i can't even bother with more words. Duck tongue. Get to second base with one today.*joy
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,6/16/2010,395,91,21,20,19>This is one of a handful of Seattle dinner experiences that has physically transformed me into the cookie monster. We are talking ginormous dilated puppet eyes, NOM NOM NOMs, and a pervasive shit-grin that conquered half of my face. It's obvious to anyone who has eaten here that the kitchen knows what's up. There is an elegant simplicity to the cuisine that is half fresh local ingredients and half genius food science with deliberate pairings that marinate on the tongue and continue to bloom with every bite. Art of the Table has every right to be a cocky restaurant but surprisingly the mood is humble and relaxed; an experience best shared with your most cherished company. For me AOTT brought a whole new meaning to the term 'comfort food.'Go EARLY on a Monday, they have good deals on wine bottles (around $26) and a nice little fixed menu that won't disappoint. Bring a good conversationalist and enjoy the experience. If you 'eat to live' I assure you one night at Art of the Table will convert you into the 'live to eat' type.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,6/15/2010,325,469,18,23,23>Do you know what makes bacon even better than it already is? Cover it in MELTED BUTTER! Healthy? Yes (okay, maybe not). Tasty? YES!!! The way the bacon was placed on my ginormous pile of French Toast meant that butter and a wee bit o' caramel got on it. While some people might have been bothered by butter on their bacon, I embraced it. It was good... try it! Overall, my experience at Cafe Nola on my most recent visit was top notch (as it has been on other visits). I haven't been here for dinner, but their brunches are divine. From the get-go, I knew we would be in store for a good trip. Our server was attentive and very entertaining. I already knew I wanted a Bloody Mary and their decadent, amazing Caramel Pecan French Toast that comes with deliciously thick bacon. Their FT is made with challa bread (holla!), is so light and fluffy, but oh so filling. The crunch of the pecans gives a nice texture to the pillowy, sweet bread and the caramel adds a whole level of glamour and ooey gooeyness. I swear I'll be adventurous one of these days and order something new and different, but why bother? The French Toast is so good! To balance out the sweetness of my entree and the fattiness of the bacon I decided a salad was in order. And by salad, I really mean a Bloody Mary. Their Bloody Mary's are made with a peppery, spicy mix and are served with copious amounts of veggies. They have the usual celery, but they also have carrot, marinated asparagus, little onions.... and some other things. Plus, tomato is in the mix and vodka is made from potatoes. After two of them I decided I had fulfilled my daily vegetable/fruit servings. Right? Right. If you're in the 'hood you should totally check out Cafe Nola. The ambiance is nice, service quite good, and they have French Toast that will change your life! Enjoy!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,6/14/2010,106,340,7,10,11>I'll be the first to admit that I don't know anything about Puerto Rican food. At all. But I came here with some friends and got to try a few different options from the menu, and all I have to say is WOW. It was all really good.My own dinner was the Pastelon. The menu warns you that it takes 15 minutes to prepare (I always appreciate advance notice for stuff like that!), but that it is well worth the wait. And it SO IS. "Puerto Rican style lasagna with layers of sweet plantains, mozzarella cheese"- you choose the meat (or tofu) option. I had mine with pulled pork. And wow. This is one of my favorite things I think I've ever eaten. Ordering lasagna with plantains seemed pretty bizarre, but the sweet fruity taste with the cheese and meat and everything together, YUM! Of course, now I have the problem that whenever I come back here, I will only order the pastelon. Which means I might be missing out on some other delicious dish, but I can't pass on a chance to have that again!I also loved the colors here, a teal room next to a red room. It's very colorful and fun and inviting. And service was great too!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,6/13/2010,46,320,12,22,9>(Asian + Old school European) X Seattle-local-sustainable-goodness squared. +foraging. Or some kind of factorial thing. . . . it's been a long time since I took math.We had the daily fried rice, which today was red rice with Chinese sausage, morels, hmm, maybe some other stuff, and topped with a Vietnamese chiso (an herb I had to ask about). We also had the knoepfli, which seemed a lot to me like spaetzle but smaller, which I guess is why they had their own name. Get the poached egg on the noodles -- the yolk oozes on everything. if you have a husband like mine who might complain that you are taking more yolk, maybe order an extra egg, I don't know.We also had a tea egg (which I loved), some seaweed/celery salad (he loves seaweed) and a shortbread cookie with ginger and rosemary (tender and yummy), all from the regular menu.Add a glass of iced tea and a water, and this grand feast came to a total of . . . (drum roll please) . . .  $27! WTF! Amazing. tipping for counter service only, we barely spent over $30 and had one of the best meals we've had in weeks. I love a place with counter service!! I can get my own silverware. I am here for the food and don't need to pay for a waiter. (Heck, get a couple of drinks in me in a place with slow service and I'm sneaking around looking for ways to refill my water and get silverware for my friends myself.) The place is small and we were able to have good conversations with both the counter host and the chef -- that opportunity might not last, though, as time goes on, because there seems to be a lot of buzz around this place.Homey, yet creative, and so smart . . . I felt like I COULD have made this food, if only I had THOUGHT to put it together this way, which I never, never, never would have. But I will be inspired for weeks. [Oh Yeah, I do have a piece of ginger I need to use. I have great memories of making noodles with my mom . . . hubby and I should do it. Where exactly DO you buy Vietnamese chiso? Maybe I CAN grow an herb garden.] Or maybe I am just going to be spending every Sunday at Nettletown until the rest of you get there and form a line out the door.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,6/12/2010,205,443,8,12,10>I first came here on a delightful double date, where we brought our own bottle of wine, I started with my favorite kir royale cocktail, ...I really believe this is one of the best Italian places to eat in Seattle.  It's home-y inside. It feels authentic (can't find a word that's the opposite of pretentious, which is a huge turnoff for me), there are communal tables, warm faces, spectacular food.  Pastas yum.  Meats yum.  Experience yum.  Everything we had was delicious.It's tucked away in no man's land walking distance from my pad in Capital Hill, and I keep forgetting about it.  And then I kick myself everytime I do.  Must go back.  Soon.Awesome.Big heart.^_^
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,6/10/2010,157,602,18,16,17>Dude, this place is awesome. Mad props to Jennifer L. and Susan S. for leading the Yelp Invasion, because I never would have got to experience the sheer joy that is the Pork Burger at Facing East. I could live off those things for years.Calling it a "Pork Burger" is a bit of a misnomer. It's a big fat chunk of what appears to be fatty pork belly (are you salivating yet?) stuffed into sliced pillowy bun (like the kind you get with Peking Duck, or stuffed with BBQ pork in a humbow), and stuffed with god-knows-what -- something kinda crunchy, something sweet, some cilantro, snips, snails, puppy dog tails... who the hell cares, just eat it. It's awesome. The other stand out was the beef diaphragm. I'm not a huge fan of most organ meats, but how could I not try it after seeing Joy order up diaphragm with such gusto? I'm glad I did, because it was really awesome. Thanks, Joy! I was also really impressed by the speed and efficiency by which our massive group of Yelpers were seated and served, despite the fact that this restaurant is not much larger than my apartment. The only bad thing about this experience was the wicked MSG headache I had afterwards. Honestly, it's one of the worst/intense post-MSG headachest I've ever had. I think most of it came from the beef noodle soup, because I took two sips and realized how much I'd be paying for it later. Granted, it didn't help that I had a couple of drinks after dinner at Palomino, but it definitely started after dinner. So those of you with MSG sensitivities, drink a lot of water when eating here. And make sure you aren't all out of headache meds when you get home. Because that sucked. Ah, yes. A good time was had by all. I usually hate upon Bellevue with the fire of a thousand suns, but the pork burger alone makes a trip to the Eastside that much more compelling.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,11/9/2013,290,437,10,9,11>Finally! I thought the day would never come when I'd find a suitable replacement for my old hairstylist -- but it did and omg I love Chivahn so much, you guys, you have no idea.I get complimented so often even brainy ol' me has a difficult time keeping track when I tally up my awesomeness score for the day. I got my hair done 7 days ago and I've been complimented a minimum of three times EVERY DAY. By people other than me looking in the mirror (and my boyfriend, of course). Yes, my hair looks *that* badass.These aren't just compliments from cool trendy folks who look like they enjoy unnatural hair colors -- compliments from ladies my grandmother's age, compliments from cashiers at the grocery store, compliments from my dentist -- everyone thinks what Chivahn did to my hair is a work of art. And it totes is, there's at least one picture on Instagram to prove it. Really though. Chivahn knows her stuff, especially when it comes to coloring -- I pretty much sat down and said 'do what you want,' and I ended up with something that's *so* me -- I've got all the colors of the Lisa Frank rainbow, and it looks amazing.When you're sitting in a chair for hours, it's important to have a stylist worth talking to. Chivahn and I were able to wax poetic on all the important topics -- relationships, work and Pokémon -- as if we had been lifelong besties catching up.If you want your hair to look awesome... go to her. Don't fight it... just go.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,11/8/2013,207,176,1,6,3>I have to say this is probably the best Thai food in Kitsap county. We went for lunch mid-week after hearing good things and were not disappointed at all. The food is fresh and hot when you get it and smells wonderful. The servings were quite large and my wife and I couldn't quite finish it all. When the lady came out I think she was concerned that we didn't like it but we assured her it was simply too much. The upside is we got to enjoy it a second time at home.Kinda hard to find but anything worth trying is worth a little hunting.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,11/7/2013,144,499,2,7,6>If a speakeasy and a baller basement theater room had a torrid affair and produced a love child, it would most certainly end up looking like Big Picture. Honestly, there's nothing about this place I don't like. It's tucked away in the basement of El Gaucho, it's softly lit with plush furniture, it has a bar and THEY SERVE YOU DRINKS IN THE THEATER. Bonus points for having the El Gaucho doormen open the door for you too.I thought service in the theater was gonna be a bit of a mess, but it was seamless. I pre-ordered two rounds as I was buying a round to take into the movie with us. Then, before I realized what was happening, there was this ninja waitress crouching next to me handing me a glass of wine. I have no idea where she came from and she disappeared just as silently as she appeared. Seriously, what's not to like about ninjas serving you booze?Cinerama used to be our preferred theater; not anymore.  Big Picture only has one screen, so I'm not sure how often we'll make it there, but it's definitely our #1 seed. I'm bummed it took us so long to find this place, although I can see why since it's pretty much invisible from the street.Actually, there *is* one thing I don't like: their website. They charge close to a 20% fee for using it and it's pretty much impossible to navigate effectively on a phone. Fix it BP!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,11/6/2013,204,230,7,12,11>For about a year now, I have taken my son here regularly after his gymnastics class. 9.8 times out of 10, we sit right at the counter as Geraldine intended, feeling like Norm from Cheers (but it's way too crowded for the staff to yell out our names). We love the staff and have gotten to know them well. They also know us, as well as my son's teddy bear Sherbert (Sherbert signs the sign-in sheet). Rarely does this restaurant not have a crowd outside the door for Saturday brunch, all waiting at least 30 minutes to get a table and partake in the delightful food and service Geraldine's has to offer.  It is worth the wait, and we are no different, patiently waiting each time despite our often rumbling tummies. When the crowd is unusually large, I fleetingly consider trying a different spot down the block but quickly dismiss it, knowing that the service will never come close to the now-customized attention we receive here and no one can serve up French toast like they do. If I could give Geraldine's 6 stars, I would, the extra star attributed to their amazing service. The food is great - don't get me wrong - for we wouldn't regularly come here if I didn't love their food.  But I feel grateful for the service they provide. My son can be high maintenance. He likes blue things, and Geraldine's has different colored dishware, opening up the door for him to ask for blue plates.    Every once in awhile I venture a new dish, but most of the time we share the Slammin', varying between pancakes and French toast depending on the flavor of the day, and always always always choose the BACON. And you should too. Not because bacon generally makes the clouds go away, but because the bacon at Geraldine's is amazing. They are thick slices of heavenly smokiness, with the most perfect texture you can't recreate. Since we share this dish, they bring us an extra plate for my son. And many of them now go through the effort of picking through their stack of plates to search for a blue one, without us needing to even ask anymore! They just know us. It warms my heart thinking about it. For the syrup, they also find a smaller dip bowl (again, in blue), so that my son can pour out the syrup and dip his pancakes or French toast in it. Finally, another quirkiness is that my 4-yo likes coffee. I don't drink much but will have some here and there. The servers at Geraldine's automatically split an order into two mugs for us (and he gets a blue mug). The food is always solid here. I've only ordered breakfast dishes so can't opine on the other menu options. But if you've never tried it, go for the bacon and French toast. I don't think you'll regret it. They do such an amazing job with their food, including the coffee cake which I ordered today for an after-brunch snack and had wished I'd taken more. But even more so, it's a great spot to be a regular. They make you feel important.  In particular, we feel the love from Richard, Lani, David, Christine,  the gal behind the counter who isn't a server but brings out the food, and a few others whose names we haven't caught. We love you!!!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,11/5/2013,195,130,4,5,6>The restaurant is located just a block from Kirkland's city center where you can park for free up to three hours before 5pm. I arrived for a late lunch. There was only one other group in the restaurant, so the waitstaff were very attentive. Since I have limited sushi knowledge I was happy to see that the menu had descriptions of most of the items. There was also another menu with pictures as well. The woman who was serving me, was extremely patient with me, answering my questions about unfamiliar terms and giving me time to study the menu while checking on me frequently.I ordered the gyoza appetizer and spicy tuna roll for my main course. It is better to come with someone else in order to share these items. There were eight of each, so I had half of the order boxed to take home for dinner. I loved the gyoza. They were delicious, especially dipped in my saucer of soy sauce. The spicy tuna roll wasn't really spicy at all. Fortunately, wasabi was served with it, so I could 'heat' it up to my desired tolerance level and cleanse my palate afterwards with a bite of ginger.The facility was clean and nicely decorated. My food was well presented. I would probably return if I happened to be in the area with a sushi craving.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/4/2013,90,183,6,5,8>This is the best taco truck I've been to since I left San Diego 5 years ago! I can't believe it taken me 2 years to try El Camion out. I'm always in Ballard and have passed by it countless of times. NEVER AGAIN! I swear I'm never walking by this truck without putting one of their tacos in my mouf (too much?). Ok I'm being dramatic but seriously this is good stuff and super cheap too!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,11/3/2013,390,547,10,16,12>They definitely put a lot of care into the food at La Bete and for a small restaurant the layout felt surprisingly uncrowded and quiet. I went here with my wife and another couple for a dinner - we made a reservation and were seated promptly. Like the open kitchen and all the contemporary (for sale) artwork on the walls.Definitely start with the pork rinds - they're light and fluffy and spicy in all the right ways, clearly made on-site. I had a rabbit ragout and shared a beet salad with my wife. She had the painted hills beef. All were excellent and reasonably priced (under $20). They weren't huge, but it wasn't nouvelle cuisine either with tiny portions that left you wanting more. We all shared a dessert that was good, but not so memorable that I can tell you about it.Wasn't blown away with the service, but it wasn't terrible either. I wish when there were specials the waiter would do more than just read you what the special is. I can read. Tell me something I don't know.I'll definitely go back and try the burger, which I hear great things about.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,11/2/2013,416,153,10,13,12>This is the most enjoyable nail salon I've found in the North Seattle/Shoreline area, and it's improbably located about two blocks from my house. I'd lived here 8 months before actually registering it was there, and its exterior (complete with requisite hand-done sandwich board) gives no indication of the extra effort put into the inside paint and appointments. Walls are saturated in a happy brick red, plants are peppered throughout, and there's a kind of homey clutter, but it's a lovely deviation from the standard fluorescent, bare-bones "lab"-type salons that predominate.It's appreciably larger than it seems, with at least 5, maybe 6 chairs for pedicures and another row across the aisle for manicures and (unfortunately for people like me who detest the smell) acrylics. Best bet is to make an appointment, as otherwise waits can be a while. I've had good luck phoning ahead, however, and my pedicures from here last FREAKISHLY long. Freakishly, people.In other news, massage chairs at nail salons remain untouched by UX revolutions in other industries. These are no different, so expect, after hitting whatever random buttons seem likely on your remote, to have the chair massage your eyelid. But that's not Nail Code's fault; every massage chair is just here to frustrate user experience professionals.Besides, all sins are forgiven for an inviting, happy nail spot that's even open on Sundays.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/1/2013,131,213,9,15,10>Wow. Lets just say my mouth was tired from all the flavor bombs going off in my mouth...need I say more?  I took my cutie here on date night, it was a little place, very unassuming from the outside. I had no idea what was waiting in store for me. We had made reservations but came early and was seated right away. They decor was warm and inviting nothing fancy. We started off with the Pita Sampler, this consisted of tons of pita and 4 different types of dip. Their pita was the best pita bread I've ever had in my life. It was crispy, soft, and chewy. It came out warm and had tons of herb and olive oil flavors...i could have eaten that stuff all day! I am guessing they must make it onsite. The 4 dips where: hummus, baba ghanoush, tzatziki, and taramasalata. My favorite one was the baba ghanoush. It was creamy and rich, the funny thing is I hate eggplant but I loved the baba ghanoush here. The taramasalata has an acquired taste, it is pretty fishy and has a bit of a grainy texture. All four dips were very flavorful though. For dinner I ordered the Special of the Day which was, Greek Style Lamb Chops served over Cous Cous. This included salad, pita (yay!) and tzatziki. I think all of their dinner entrees include salad pita and tzatziki. This place is definitely all about flavor. Even the salad was an explosion of flavor. I don't know what they put in their dressing but it was fantastic, they should put it in a bottle and sell it! It tasted like fresh herbs with notes of citrus and garlic. The salad was very refreshing, fresh and light. A perfect start to a meal. My lamb chops were cooked perfectly; juicy, meaty and flavorful. The chops had a wonderful charred crust but were still juicy...they went perfectly with the Cous Cous.My bf ordered the Sirloin of Pork Souvlaki Platter this came with grilled and marinated pork sirloin, salad, pita, tzatziki and greek fries or rice. The pork was the most tender pork I've ever had. It was bursting with nice mediterranean flavors and went well with the tzatziki and pita. All of the flavors on that platter complemented each other perfectly. My bf opted for the greek fries, these are not the greek fries your used to. They were sliced potatoes that are fried and covered in cheese and herbs. Though I like skinny cut greek fries better these were pretty tasty. We had the perfect meal here. Everything was soooo freaking good! Service was friendly too. I literally stopped eating so that I could save some to bring home and experience all over again later. Yes it was that good. It is a really small restaurant so I suggest making reservations. Also the food can be a bit of a wait but it's damn worth it! This is not a greek fast food joint. Also I'm totally okay if you don't believe me and don't wanna try it out... That way I can have it all to myself!!!! ;)
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,10/30/2013,293,280,3,9,7>I think I've updated my review at Med Mix more than any other that I've done...so obviously I am a repeat offender.  I can't get enough of the lamb gyros here.  Granted, they aren't the only good ones in town, but, I do salivate for them...   When I am downtown, I will choose Med Mix over Tat's and the other popular downtown places almost every time.  It's one of my very favorite little food dives...I don't know exactly how they do it, but, the meat tastes quite good here...not overly frozen and very tender every time.  The french fries are also very delicious...reminiscent of the classic fries of Frisko Freeze in Tacoma.  That kind that has the hard congealed greasy dried crumbs at the bottom that you know must be bad for you, but, you can't get enough of...some kind of a naturopath's nightmare.  So good.  :)
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,11/19/2011,224,247,9,14,11>If you want to try something different than your average Starbucks at Seatac Airport, head downstairs across from Baggage Carousel #15 you will find Diva Espresso!They make a nice flavorful White Chocolate Mocha! All the pastries are fresh daily...and always tasty!#Hand Crafted Artisan Coffee & Fair Trade too!! :DIt's nice that they are located downstairs baggage claim! Order a drink or snack and next thing you know your bags are ready to pick up!!#Happy Jetsetter!Yay! I'm a fan.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,11/17/2011,106,340,8,13,11>Things that make this place awesome:1)  the menu is bilingual and clear.unlike most korean places where you miss out on half of the specials because they're written in sharpie, in korean, and tacked onto the walls of the establishment2) the menu is short and to the point. there's one broth, one type of dumpling, one type of pancake.3) you have total control over your food.you choose what beefy parts you want in there. what kind of noodles. how much sea salt, green onions, kimchee, spice.4) warms you the heck up when the temperature refuses to get above 55 as we near MAY in Seattle.5) you can get a little cup of coffee, plum tea, or pumpkin drink from the vending machine at the entrance.  have yet to try this, so it really shouldn't be on the awesome list.  but i have a thing for cute drink-dispensing machines.so there.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,11/16/2011,528,376,10,14,13>***Best Cuban Sammys***I will avoid eating with my fingers at all costs, but I will get down and dirty for Paseo's Cuban Roast sammy.  Everything about this sandwich is amazing.  The homemade cuban pork is amazingly sweet, tender and juicy and it combines perfectly with the HUGE and THICK grilled onions, and crunchy baguette (it does come with jalapenos, which I don't care to get).  There are so many other options on the list, but I can't reject the Cuban Roast...it's just too good to miss out on.  What I love about this location (compared to Fremont) is that it's easier to find parking, there is an outside (and sheltered) seating area, and the line isn't astronomically long.  They build your sammy very quickly and they're nice people!  NOTE: This is a cash only establishment and I didn't notice any nearby ATM's, so make sure you come prepared.  Also, I'd totally recommend bringing a moist towelette for after-eating.  My hands were so sticky and every time I used a napkin, I'd get napkin-remnants on my fingers.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,11/15/2011,110,77,14,14,13>I have a group of friends that I denominate the Grub Club, since we hit a different place each month.  Delightful people to eat with.  Like me, they love sin.Anyway, the first time I came here, it was with that merry band of hedonists.  It was a sunny, cold Sunday morning, and we were served by a woman who looks very  much like Nathalie Portman, only with a more charmingly vulnerable face and an incomparably better bottom. I wasn't sure whether I wanted to return.  The space is rather confining, and mid-morning Sunday, it's packed more densely than a can of sardines.  In fact, you're likely to deem the service worse than it actually is, and the reason is that the servers, like the patrons, are challenged to navigate a physical space where nearly every spare inch is devoted to tables and chairs.  Sitting next to us, I remember, was an adult family.  The son is a lanky European in a horizontally striped orange sweater.  He stretched out, not rudely, but in a way that suggested he's accustomed to the more intimate proximics of European restaurants.  Still, I felt a flashing temptation to reach out and rest my elbow on his shoulder.  I digress, and I have no idea why.  It's just the way my mind works, I guess.Yesterday, I came here with a friend and breakfasted outside, and that was a much better experience.  The Americano was perfect.  I had the salmon omelet with a side of fruit.  The eggs were beaten to a perfect fluff, drizzled with thin yogurt and spiced up with capers.  The day was beautiful, and I was very happy with the weather, with the day, with the smell of fresh air outside, and particularly with the company of my friend.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,11/14/2011,506,1620,14,13,12>'Tssss, yeouch(!), this place is hawt....Modern, upscale, sophisticated, clean, French-y, dim. Wonderful atmosphere, but I can believe it getting darn loud up in here. The overhead French dialogue in the sweet men's restroom is hilarious, btw:"--!!!---tout le monde jeux le volley et la votre comme au cafe crepe le pe pe le pew nous aimons vous---!!!"*The food was pretty delish. Me and Sam G checked it out during lunch. We split pommes frites trio and the tomato soup fondue grilled cheese to start. They was nice and the black mini pots were cute. My Painted Hills Burger was solid and very good, if a bit messy, saucy and moist.The Last Bottle / Train / Plane Board was really cool; it gives off a subtle time travel feeling of back in the "manual-non-digital" days.I was a little annoyed by the frequent visits from servers and staff, although I'm not sure if that's common in these types of high-end restaurants and they were atleast friendly and smiled.*Conversation 100% not accurate.PS. The cocktails sound divine; I'd like to try that Raspberry Gentleman. The Happy Hour also seems great for 5-for-$5... although if it is just 5 offerings during HH, perhaps a bit limited, non...?
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,11/13/2011,154,223,7,16,11>This place is awesome and a half!Walking into this place is like walking into an adult candy store.  There are dozens of spice jars along the walls for you to gawk at and smell.  Each jar contains 1 ounce of each item.  There is a nice little library on the lower level.  It's cramped, and the wait can be a little long to get your order filled, but it's worth the wait.  The owner of the store even created their own spice bible that they sell there.  All of their staff members are incredibly knowledgeable, and they conduct spice demonstrations on the weekends.  You can find more info on their Facebook page.They sell the Spice Care system as well.  One of their clients came up with the design of the Spice Care system.  We purchased about 100 bottles and put them on an 18" lazy Susan for our kitchen.  It's awesome!Their prices are incredibly reasonable, and their ingredients are so fresh.  You know how grocery stores charge anywhere from $10-14 for one old vanilla bean in a jar?  They're $3.50 here, and they're much fresher.  Their website is very extensive at listing all their spices, the form they come in, and their prices.  They deal with such a large quantity of spices, so their turnover is very fast.  Some of the spices are so fresh, you need less of them.  I've actually ruined a couple of dishes by over estimating the potency of some of their spices like white pepper.In addition to spices, they also sell a large variety of teas.  They also sell Himalayan sea salt planks and chunks for finishing salts.  Their spice blends are phenomenal too.  They do have a 2 oz minimum on all their spice blends.  Their Cuban spice blend is really great and even used at Paseo's.  Their Chipotle spice blend is definitely one of my favorites.  If you are going to become a regular at this pace, you should also invest in a simple coffee grinder.  They can grind their spices at their store for you, but they will last longer if you grind them at home yourself.I also recently found out that they are excellent at recreating spice blends that clients bring in.  You know that favorite barbecue rub that you can only get in Texas?  Or that enchilada sauce spice?  That steak spice from your favorite steak house?  Bring it in, and they can recreate it for you!  I now refuse to shop at any grocery store for any spice beyond Morton's Kosher salt - unless it's an emergency and this place is closed.  They did start accepting credit cards now, so that's a plus.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,11/12/2011,290,437,18,17,16>The review of Canlis has been one of the most daunting tasks I've ever had set before me as a Yelper -- what, with my limited vocabulary and the booze ingested and the beautiful view overlooking Lake Union and everything else wonderful about this night, I'm having a tough time actually verbalizing my Canlis experience.You see, Friday was me & boyfriend's First Anniversary, and considering we go all-out on a monthly basis to celebrate our monthaversaries... well, it takes something incredibly spectacular to cap off a year full of awesome food and dining experiences. So my boyfriend pulled out all the stops and surprised me with a trip to Canlis [as we went Northbound on Aurora he tried to convince me we were headed to Beth's Cafe -- I may naturally be blonde, but even I can see through that!].I cannot write this review without giving a little perspective on the first time I ever went to Canlis. You know their amazing ladies room? I defiled it. Back at the tender age of 15 I went to Canlis to celebrate my grandma's birthday in the private party room with about twenty of my grandma's friends and relatives -- I had already had a stomach bug... and didn't feel too good... so after the main course I actually had to throw up. Thus, I don't remember or want to remember much about my first trip to Canlis. And as such, my boyfriend [who has heard this story at least a handful of times whenever the topic of 'the best restaurants in Seattle' comes up] knew that I reaaaally wanted to go back to Canlis, particularly as a non-vegetarian.So! We did. And continuing with my, "we're SO not classy enough!" series of reviews [also seen on my "monthaversary list"] the first thing I can tell you about Canlis is that my boyfriend locked me into the car rather than letting the valet open my door. D'oh. Not a big deal, play it off as an intentional joke. Do people joke at Canlis? I guess it's just us... moving on...We walk into the restaurant and the lobby is there but we don't see a hostess [or whatever they're called at fancy places -- maître d', right? Thanks for that accent, Wikipedia] and I immediately break into the 'ohgod am I underdressed?' deer in the headlights stupor I sometimes feel. Fortunately, I have managed to not only put on clothes but they are all still on and I have matching shoes, so the fluster passes as we're directed to the lounge to wait until our table is ready [we ended up there about fifteen minutes before our reservation].My Lenten resolution this year was "no alcohol, with the exception of April 8," so I made good on that and ordered a specialty cocktail -- which I cannot remember the name of at this point, but ha, there's a good reason I can't remember the name -- it was stroooong. That, combined with my already waning ability to hold my liquor [yay, I'm a cheap date!] got us off to a strong start for the evening. We were seated shortly after nine in a central table in the main dining room, which was lovely, but knowing me and my demanding nature I had been hoping for a seat with a view... so I was a little bit startled that Mark Canlis was totally on my wavelength and came over, introduced himself, and then took us over to a window seat nestled in the corner of the restaurant with a super spectacular view, congratulating us on our anniversary. D'awww! I was pretty sure I was already bright red [gogo gadget alcohol!] but at that point I could only grin and smile.Boyfriend ordered us a bottle of champagne and we decided to share the dungeness crab cake for an appetizer. I've only ever had two crab cakes in my life prior to that, and they were heavy on the cake, not so much on the crab. The Canlis crab cake is pure crab love. Never before have I thought that puddle of lettuce puree sounded appetizing, but every single spec of food that was on the plate was fair game -- I refrained from licking the plate but not for lack of desire. It should be noted that we also were served dinner rolls [which were super light and yummy] before the crab cake but the crab took over my thought process and hijacked this post. Know the bread was good.The amuse-bouche was a strawberry-rhubarb-celery concoction that I would order every time were it a menu item at Jamba Juice. It was the perfect combination of sweet and savory and amazing. At this point I was super excited for the lobster, which I had ordered as my entree. Boyfriend ordered the New York steak, as he was starving and it was the largest option. We also ordered the twice baked potato. [Continue on to Part II, if you dare!]
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,11/11/2011,221,439,14,13,10>Somebody needs to call A&E. Every time I get a receipt from the Broadway QFC, I save it because of the coupon for Guanaco's Tacos Pupuseria on the back.  Whenever somebody threatens to throw away my coupons?  I throw a fit.   My hoarding tendencies tell me this is unhealthy. Currently, I have until June to use my 12 coupons (and counting...) -- buy a regular priced pupusa at $2.70, you can get a burrito for $5!  With the coupon, you save $1.85 off your burrito!     For my pupusa, I usually order it stuffed with pork, herbed cheese, and cactus.   The cactus adds a great texture and flavor to the pupusa.  With my burrito, I usually get a chicken burrito and it is very flavorful and packed full of black beans and rice -- realistically, it is large enough where you can split it in to two meals!   I also recommend their tamale -- as it is one of the best tamales I've ever consumed.  It is super moist and not mealy at all.       A&E can make a lot of money off of me -- I'd be great for Hoarders or Obsessed -- I love hoarding their coupons and am super obsessed with their food.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,11/10/2011,300,256,5,9,8>Three of us came here for Restaurant Week. They sat us immediately in a nice cozy booth. The place was buzzing with mellow conversation and the servers were very calm and welcoming. Our waiter, Seth, was on hand in seconds and he remained present, though not hovering, throughout the night. The sauteed prawns and pancetta appetizer got things rolling quickly. The ratio of grits to water and cheese ratio was perfect, resulting in a creamy, toothsome bed for the jumbo prawns. The meat was beautifully textured, with a consistent give and gorgeous coloring. But the coursely chopped, cured pork belly brought the dish together. This pancetta wasn't a flimsy topping, it was liberally sprinkled across the plate and gave the dish soul. The vegetarian cassoulet of winter vegetables was good, but the lasagna and short ribs ultimately won out. The lasagna was served up with an italian sausage sauce and the short rib rested on a bed of mashed potatoes. Both classic comfort dishes were simple and refined. For dessert, I liked the pumpkin roulade with pumpkin seed brittle the best. Two curls of pumpkin cake wrapped around a salted vanilla bean cream and garnished with glassy pumpkin seed brittle. It put the chocolate-almond souffle cake (which neither tasted like almond or was the texture of souffle) to shame. While there were a few misses, Crow delivered exceptionally well for a $25 Restaurant Week dinner. I'll be back for chicken, apple crisp, and more grits with prawns!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/28/2010,11/9/2011,169,152,7,12,9>My party of four walk in at 5 pm with a reservation. We still have to wait for almost fifteen minutes when clearly the whole restaurant was nearly empty. The hostess inform us that the waiter that she was going to seat us in his section is not here yet. Awkward once we got seated- our waiter is an Asian man. another awkward moment, did they just wait for an Asian waiter to wait on us since that we are Asian? LOL anyway the waiter was great, he was very friendly, informative, polite, and warm. I'm glad that he was our waiter. the food that we order tonight was good but not great on a scale of 1 to 10 I would give it a seven. Everything was made by the fine set and freshest ingredients, but something still missing, the lack of passion and the execution of each this is not up to par. the overall experience was still pretty nice, the restaurant is absolutely beautiful and spacious, the spectacular view of the harbor and downtown Seattle is breath taking. the dinner for four, two appetizers, one salad, two soups, four entrees, three desserts, two drinks with 22% tips= $ 420
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,2/18/2008,182,677,13,13,12>I survived Bakeman's!  Know your terminology just so you don't get yelled at- white on white, dark on white, etc.  I got white (turkey breast) on dark (wheat).  I was prepared, had cash, knew what I wanted on the side.  I didn't get yelled at until I went back for a bag. "Ya didn't like it?  There's only two bites left"!  I had half of the poppy-seed cake that I was not going to let go of that easily (thank Ron for the tip!).
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,2/15/2008,182,206,36,14,19>I've always had a big butt. I guess it has to do with being part hispanic. At least that's what I'm guessing because my mom's butt is huge (love you, Mom!). Regardless, ever since I was little, it's been there - my big ol' butt . I used to have problems with it. My brother would tease me and it would make me cry. In high school, guys would refer to my butt as my "ghetto booty". But, as the years have gone by I've realized (thanks to cat calls and songs like "My Humps") that big butts are something to be proud of and flat butts are much, much worse! But, what does this have to do with Ezell's?Well, my resolution this year was to embrace my "ghetto booty" (notice the quotes) - and I mean, really embrace it. I want this thing to be huge like J-Lo's! I've been trying to think of ways to get this thing bigger and rounder, and I figured fried chicken would do the trick. Lucky for me Ezell's is right down the street from my work!I waited until the lunch rush was over until I went. I pulled into the lot and there were plenty of parking spots. I walked in and there were only 3 people in line. The other customers quickly placed and received their orders. I got up to the register and decided on the chicken strips with BBQ sauce. I ordered spicy, but they were out and they said it'd take like 8 minutes to fry some more. I wasn't that interested in spicy over the regular so I just took the regular. I also got a side of fries and a slice of sweet potato pie (hey, I said J-Lo size butt!). I took my bag o' butt fatteners back to the office (since there is no place to sit and eat there) and opened it up. To my surprise the chicken strip basket was huge and came with a roll - and DAMN was it gooooooood, finger-lickin' goooood! Luckily that filled me up because the fries were just ok. Crinkle cut fries aren't my favorite and they weren't seasoned at all. A little dip into the BBQ sauce helps though. After my chicken strips, roll and a few fries - I was far too full for the sweet potato pie but I had to try it. I just couldn't wait! The sweet potato pie is also delicious! I will be looking forward to eating it later on!  The awesome part was that all of that food was only $7.65! Who are all these people getting butt implants? Just eat fried chicken! It's way cheaper and it tastes good too! Ezell's is totally going to help me acheive my resolution and I'd like to thank them having such cheap, delicious, greasy, fattening food. Even as I'm sitting here writing this, I swear I can feel my lovely lady lumps getting bigger. Watch out J-Lo, here I come! "Turn around, stick it out, even white boys gotta shout - baby got back!"
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2007,2/14/2008,367,192,31,29,23>My mom was visiting Seattle and I needed something to distract her from her usual questions which centers around my failed personal life. UGH! I figured that if a cruise didn't distract her I could jump off the boat and swim back to shore. Anyways ,I prefer the Waterfront over Pike's Market for guests because it's less crowded. So we had a good time over lunch and I walked into the Argosy Cruises building and went over which cruise could distract my mom because she can give Perry Mason a run for his money. The Harbor Cruise was a hour and was $16. The Locks cruise was 2 1/2 hours and it was basically the Harbor Cruise plus going through Lake Union. Those tickets were $30 and since my mom  is persistent about questions so obviously chose the 2 hour one.The cruise itself was decent. The boat is clean and the seating is onboard is plentiful. They do serve been and snacks if you need to get your fix. The crew is fun and they really do narrate everything. The speaker was really nice and personally went to everyone to see if they had questions. The bad was that the day we went was really foggy, cold and it poured. This meant that it was too cold and wet to sit outside and the few people that did got drenched. Inside the windows fogged up so bad that they had to wipe them all down. But even after they did wipe them down the Harbor part of the cruise was pretty worthless as all you could see was fog. The narrator did her best but there's not much you can do when half your sentences start off as "if you could see through the fog you'd be able to see..."The locks part was much better. It was really interesting to go through Lake Union. It was the weekend so families were about and it was awesome to see kids running up and down the shore. You get a good look through Ballard and Seaplanes were landing and takeoff next to us. Now if you do take the Locks tour remember that the tour itself is two hours but you end up in Lake Union. Keep your tickets as that's what gets you back on a bus to Pier 56. Overall it was fun but I'm not sure if it was worth the $60 tickets for two. If the cost of the ticket was a bit less and maybe if the weather was better I could see giving them more stars. So don't call me a hater because I'm the first to not give a 5 star review. I'm sure I'll try out another cruise during good weather and update the review.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,2/13/2008,300,256,14,12,13>Dear Lord. Thank you for giving us boa constrictor, antelope, ostrich, kangaroo, sea urchin, and wild boar.  Thank you for giving me a husband who knows that I adore exotic meats and purchased me a gift of said meats at a Culinary Communion cooking class. Sometimes it's a rough day on the taste buds Lord. For those of us that love good food like Dick's hamburgers and Salumi salami, each to its own place, all too often the afternoon finds us with a granola bar or a banana. No more.Now I have the wherewithal and the courage to cook and eat up whatever mammal, reptile, or amphibian crosses my path. (Trapping them is a different story.)This is but one of the lessons on my path to epicurean heaven and I thank you in your abundant wisdom for blessing us with the courage to crack sea urchins, fry boar bacon, marinate boa constrictor, and other such delights. Chef Gabriel and his regulars sure do know how to show a carnivore a good time.Amen.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2007,2/12/2008,199,210,19,16,14>Venus deserves nothing short of 5 stars. Venus is rent-a-room karaoke, perfect for staid, traditional Asian-style karaoke whereby individuals take the mic and croon boring, saccharine love songs one at a time to their friends, but Venus has so much more potential. The first cue is the sign near the payment booth which explains that for a totally reasonable fee, one can hold a food fight in their karaoke room. No shit! Full on bring-your-own-pies, or even just a slew of leftover beans, and trash the place! The staff will gladly clean up the mess in exchange for the aforementioned fee. A creative mind could take this to incredible lengths. Myself, I haven't even needed to pay for a food fight night in order to satisfy my own Pleasure Island proclivities. Sure, you're not supposed to bring in your own booze, but the kids at the front desk can't be bothered to do anything but check out manga online or while away at some FPS until you come and hassle them for a mic that isn't blown. Translation: you'll probably get away with drinking whatever whets your thirst. The lax supervision and general apathy, in conjunction with the precedence set by the food fight clause enables the rowdy kind of karaoke that Venus' target clientle would rarely think to engage in, but on which I thrive. See, I have a predilection for standing on furniture, stomping on the floor, and pounding the walls and ceiling to accentuate the beats to the kick-ass tunes I spit. I'm not saying I did it, and I am not saying that my friends did it either, but I do remember some holes in the floor and a broken table or two. But Venus gets it: they just buy more cheap Ikea furniture and write it off as overhead each month. There have been occasions at Venus where our awesomeness could not be contained within our room. The door has been opened and the mic cords stretched into the hall, to give our rock some breathing room. No one minds, and a few times that's even invited strangers from other rooms to join us in ours. I apologize, but I can't tell you how much a room costs per hour. It does seem to add up, but consider it insurance. I'm not certain, but I think they're open until 4am... late enough at any rate. Yeah, there are brazillions of songs in Asian languages, but there are enough in English to satisfy any lowei. To find Venus, walk in the front entrance, straight past the travel agency, past the stairs up to Fort St. George, past the anime store, and down a few stairs. If you hear some really loud pounding, I might already be there. Bust on in and rock a mic with me.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,2/11/2008,21,43,12,6,6>There are no chocolate waterfalls or oompa loompas here... What kind of chocolate factory is this?!? I'm so disappointed!Oh well, I guess I'll just have to sate myself on the coconut curry chocolate bars until I explode. Deliciously.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2007,2/9/2008,400,699,24,8,11>Maverick: I feel the need... Maverick, Goose: ...the need for...pot stickers!Iceman: You two really are rude cowboys. Maverick: What's your problem, Kazanski? Iceman: You're everyone's problem. That's because every time you go to eat Dim Sum you eat it all. I don't like you because you're a hairy unibrowed hog. Maverick: That's right! Ice... man. I am a hog, but you still want meGoose: hey Iceman, easy, just pass me the sesame balls huh?Maverick: Hey Goose you big stud! Goose: That's me, buddy. Maverick: Take me to bed or lose me forever. Goose: whoa, hey man, I don't swing that way, just pass me the pork m-kay?.Maverick: There's too much to eat here. I don't know if I can handle it, talk to me Goose!Goose: I'm right here Mav...you're stomach is bulging, maybe you should lay off the beef huh?Iceman: See Maverick, HOG, I didn't get any of that meat or the fried rice!Maverick: Goose, these noodles have lost that loving feeling. Goose: they lo... Goose: No they haven't. Maverick: Yes, yes they have..Goose: but, but they're tender, not lost that lo... Maverick: Goose, they've lost it man. Goose: Aw shite... I hate it when they do that
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,2/8/2008,1785,805,25,30,26>We walked in here last night and immediately, I knew.. this was going to be one hell of a 'Ethan Stowell' experience.. mostly b/c he was standing right in front of us, conversing with patrons, but the other half of it was that it's a sweet ass space! The kitchen is RIGHT THERE when you walk in- Dope! The space is quite beautiful and it's got some seriously amazing wood work and fantastic ambiance- great lighting and awesome music (Feist remixed and Grandaddy!). Boys- major MUCHO brownie points if you take your lady here. :)We were politely told there was a 1/2 hour wait and that we could go next door for a drink (at Opal) and that they'd call us when our table was ready. And sure enough- about a 1/2 hour later, after a few glasses of Tumbling Tractor, we stumbled back over into Foodie Nirvana.We were seated promptly and shown a wine list , which was extensive. We ended up going with a bottle of something French (don't ask me what it was. I just drank it). We started with the squid salad- which was squid and fava bean, in a tangy vinaigrette, and the veal carpacchio- which, I think is better than the beef carpacchio at Union. Next came the ahi- which was spiced with peppers and the scallops.. The SCALLOPS. Sweet baby Jesus, the scallops. If you order one thing, it must be the scallops. They were perfectly seared, HUGE, and bursting with gastropoddy goodness. I loved them.. (ya think?).The service was impeccable. The hostess was a doll and our waiter was attentive, but not overbearing.The coolest part of the night, all food aside (b/c it was all very good), was when Ethan Stowell came over to chat and ask how everything was. Moments earlier, I'd told my date that it was a good thing I wasn't standing b/c the scallops would have been enough to make me knees buckle. When I told Mr. Stowe that, a.) I'd been lucky enough to eat at the Union Yelp event, and b.) that the scallops were knee bucklin' delicious, he was so sweet, thanked us for coming in, made a little more small talk with us and said he'd hope to see us again soon. Gotta love the accessibility of local chefs. Doesn't get any better than this place, folks.. it really does not.The one downside: I didn't ever really learn how to cook a wolf last night, which was slightly disappointing. Eh, maybe next time.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,2/7/2008,502,444,28,28,21>King Street Station simply mirrors the surrounding neighborhood - it's dirty, unsavory folks are milling about, and smells of the pee pee. If you're willing to sit there for like 10 minutes so you can get on a train for Vancouver it's totally worth it. $38 worth it.The train leaves at 7:40 - hit it the right time of year and that's sunrise. You glide out of town along the waterfront, past Golden Gardens and through Edmonds with an amazing view of the sun hitting the Olympics. I spent my most recent Monday morning gazing out at the view and literally melted into my nice wide seat, put on my headphones and drifted off into la la land for the rest of the trip.Beats the LIVING SHIT out of the I-5 roll: sitting at the border, driving through Vancouver (NIGHTMARE) and being raped by oil companies coming and going. Oh, and having your car broken into by a Canuckie Junkie. Yeah, they have 'em up there too - and they like to break Washington windows.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,2/6/2008,53,57,18,18,21>So this is more than just a review it's a little story on why I love living in Seattle.I had the day off and was wondering around Belltown and when the #22 pulled up I decided to hop it downtown to Pioneer Square...I was aimlessly zigzagging through Occidental Square and popped out on 3rd Ave right into the wise Yelp Sage Ron M.Weird, right? Sometimes a city is smaller than you think....Ron broke it down with some cool lunch spots in the Pioneer Square area, but I told him what I could really use was a bowl of pho....As the wise one spoke, I listened. Pho Bac. In the ID. On 7th between Jackson and King....We broke huddle and I headed off with the thought of Vietnamese Noodles in my head...I arrive at 7th Ave a little chill in my bones on this blustery December Afternoon...One neon sign of a bull's head...another that read "Vietnamese Noodle Soup"...and on the door 2 "People Loves us on Yelp" stickers....wow it couldn't be easier to find if someone threw me through the front window....The nice lady inside gestures me to a near table....Menu under glass and plenty of sauces and utensils on the table....I look up and the scene puts me instantly at ease...I'm in for something special I can feel it all the way down to my pinkie toes...The interior is homey, and a little exotic, with the perfect amount of far easterness....not garish or overdone in any fashion....I get a hot pot of tea...and a small pho tai($6, $7 for a large)...The pho is on the table in less than 5 minutes. I sip the broth first to see how it tastes before I make it orange w/ the Sriracha....delicious...add Sriracha...even more delicious....I look up, the kind lady forgot my chiles and lime, I didn't even notice....A squeeze of lime, all the chiles in the bowl....ahhhh phoctasy.....I left...A smile on my face...My nose running down 7th Ave...and thinking that I might write in Ron M for Mayor on the next election ballot.....
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2009,11/18/2009,220,284,22,21,22>In a time of yore and wonder, I had no idea what dueling pianos meant and then suddenly I was whisked away to both 88 Keys and Chopstix in the course of 2 weeks. Ladies nights are on Thursdays and it's $3 for ANY drink in the house. That's not a typo. This includes drinks of death such as Long Islands and Black Opals. You'd think that'd give this place 5 stars off the bat but I was stone cold sober when I got there and not much different after two or three $3 drinks. And I'm a lightweight. The bartenders absolutely water down the ladies' drinks which is a complete downer. And I confirmed this fact when a nice Southern gent bought us a round and they were a helluva lot stronger than the pansy stuff we had earlier. I guess that's what full-price gets ya. As for the pianists, I'm not a trained musician but as a properly brought up Asian, I've taken my share of violin, piano and flute lessons. These dudes play the same chords with any song that's chosen. Like that guy on YouTube who did "4 Chords, 36 Songs." (no seriously, it's a hilarious video.) It's the same thing but LIVE! Whether it's Tenacious D, Journey or Garth Brooks ... tsk tsk. However, I am impressed by their stellar knowledge of song lyrics but that's it. S'okay in my book. A little different than the usual bar scene and sometimes, you might be dragged into a conga line.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,11/16/2009,140,456,12,17,16>I've been wanting to try Pies & Pints for some time and finally made it!  I was out running errands in the north end and decided it was a perfect opportunity to stop in for a leisurely lunch.  Perhaps a pie?  Maybe a pint too.  I came to the right spot.As soon as I sat down the adorable and very sweet server came over with silverware and a menu.  She asked if I'd ever been there before and then proceeded to explain the menu to me.  She told me that their pies are a bit small for a strapping fellow like myself and offered a number of tasty side dishes.  She also recommended a few different pies to me (including a vegetarian curry pie that I want to try next time).  I had done my homework previously and knew I wanted the beef mushroom burgundy--which she also mentioned was her favorite.  They offered a jalapeno, bell pepper and cilantro mac & cheese special that day, but I went with a side of the regular variety.  I chose a pint of good ol' Manny's pale ale to wash it all down.  The pie was hot and had a tender, flaky crust.  The beef and mushroom filling was juicy and savory.  It was the best damn pot pie I've ever had!  The mac & cheese was really good too--it was creamy, topped with cheddar and baked.  I agree the pie seemed small, but it was also filling and I couldn't finish the mac & cheese.Pies & Pints is a great place to grab a bite and toss back a few beers.  The atmosphere is casual and friendly.  They've got some great drink and happy hour specials and some delicious comfort food.  They offer brunch on the weekends and $1 PBR's on Monday nights.  I'd be here all the time if it were in my neighborhood, but regardless I'll be back soon because it is worth the trip!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,11/15/2009,262,106,18,19,19>So damn good!Just got back from having lunch there with some co-workers and had a great time. After driving past this itty-bitty location half a billion times, I figured it was due time to give it a try. Ordered up the insalata della casa and in no time flat, a terrific plate of baby lettuce, amazing mozzarella, tomato, olives and some of the thinnest sliced ham I've ever seen plopped down in front of me. It was a perfect dish and a fairly large portion to be had at the $6 lunch price.We also ordered the mushroom/funghi pizza and received the incorrect pizza - one that was topped with prosciutto. The waitress was extremely kind and apologetic - offering us the mistake pizza for free, something my other coworkers were quite pleased with when I brought it back. Pizza = mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. A wee bit on the messy side as it had such a tiny crust, but the toppings, dough, cheese and all tasted fresher than Vanilla Ice in a 5.0 Mustang. The only complaint - trivial at that - would be the lukewarm water. Had I not been having lunch with my boss, there would be a cold brew in my hands so I can certainly look past this during my definite future visits.Fun fact:  A small shop across the street broadcasts movies and TV shows onto the big wall right above Via Tribunali's shop, so bring your chairs for a fun and unique late night dinner date.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,11/14/2009,290,437,14,13,13>I can't remember the first time I went to Beth's... visits to Beth's don't really stand out... they all blur together to create an overall pleasurable experience...  Yeah, sure there are a couple events that stand out, I mean, I know I had my seventh birthday party here... well, we went rollerskating, and then we came to Beth's... but when it comes to a place I've been visiting since my mom had hashbrown cravings when I was in utero? How can I give it anything less than five stars?This is my mom's kind of place -- the servers vary from brusque to sweeter-than-the-six dollar milkshake and best of all, they vary with *the customer*. The servers can tell you to go f yourself if you're being a dick -- the alternate universe of the chain diner I work at where we bend over and take the customer's crap every time. That's why when it's 3am and we graveyard servers get off the clock early, there's a high likelihood one of us will suggest a trip to Beth's -- so we can re-live our serving lives vicariously through the awesome.Not to mention the general huge portions, the country fried steak, and oh, the BACON SALT.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,11/13/2009,150,597,8,9,8>I'm trying to imagine the scene where a young Hiram M. Chittenden is pitching his idea for the Ballard Locks to his senior officers in the Corps of Engineers. I can see him giving his presentation and then being sent outside the room to wait while they discuss his idea. As he paces the floor nervously, clutching his diagrams to his chest, he can hear the low murmur of voices rising and falling in argument. After what seems like an eternity, the doors reopen and he faces a panel of engineers seated across a long narrow table. The ranking engineer stands up, faces young Hiram and pronounces: "Yes, you can build your Ballard Locks.......but only if you also grow a Botanical Garden."Now fast forward to modern day. I'm not quite sure why, but you do have the odd combination of maritime engineering prowess and horticulture, and it works. Just like laundromats and bars and peanut butter and chocolate. Those must have seemed outlandish at first, but make great sense now. Anyways, a visitor to the locks must first navigate the Botanical Garden, at least from the "downtown" Ballard side. And it's a fairly nice treat: it's a bit larger than you'd expect at first with a number of meandering trails and secluded areas. As for the Locks themselves, they are both more interesting and dull than what you'd expect. I hadn't actually seen a boat go through before, so my imagination was running wild. Did the boats go speeding toward the Locks, having to time their approach perfectly to avoid being crushed by the closing gates? (Like Indiana Jones?) Or did they have to jump from the boat and swim to the gates, trying to open them by hand before succumbing to the swirling maelstrom of jumping, man-eating salmon? (Like Jaws?) Actually, it's about a 15 minute process: the Locks drain the water fairly quickly, but you're also subjected to the quotidian display of watching them bring the boats in, check and recheck that they are secured to the side rails, calling out orders and giving warnings to the gawking tourists to move off the walkway. Still pretty cool, but I would have loved to watch the Indiana Jones version more.There are some other components to the Locks and Botanical Gardens. There is a Fish Ladder on the far side where you can watch fish swim. As you might expect, this loses its' novelty fairly quickly. But if you quickly tire of that, you can contemplate an odd salmon sculpture situated above the Fish Ladder. But if the many wonders of the Locks aren't enough to tempt you for a visit, there is also a glorious abundance of people watching potential during sunny weather (i.e. July-August). Or even if you don't want to visit after this rambling, tangential review, can you do me a small favor and name one of your kids Hiram? It's such a great name that just needs to be brought back in this day and age. OK? Thanks in advance.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2009,11/12/2009,31,339,6,8,7>Dan is roasting his own now - the beans I've tried have a fruity bouquet and an excellent clean finish.  Very drinkable. Highly recommended beans.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,11/11/2009,174,247,8,12,9>i've been here a couple times before but never for the hotpot...that is until this past weekend. me and a bunch of my pals decided to come here after an Ms game on saturday. weather was chilly and we needed some warming up. a couple of my friends were getting hangry (so hungry, they're angry) and one of them suggested this place for the all you can eat hot pot ($14/pp). OH YEAH! we got there kinda late but they were hella accomadating as our posse grew by 2 additional people after we had already gotten seated. the waitress didn't trip when i told her we now were gonna have 7 peeps as she went and moved some people that just got seated at the bigger round table in back and swapped it with our smaller set up. woot. we had 2 refills of the meats and veggie plates and they were cool enough to come by and ask us if we needed anymore as the kitchen was gonna start closing up soon. i kinda wished we did because, even tho we was mad full, it was THAT tasty. we had thin sliced beef, pork, and chicken for the included meats. veggies was napa and some other kinda chinese greens. we also got the clear thin noodles and udon. they give you a grip of condiments like green onion, saa cha sauce, garlic, cilantro, spicy soy sauce. egg is add'l if you're hong kong style like me :) we added some extra fishballs and fried tofu (even tho there was already some with the broth). speaking of which, we opted for half spicy, half bbq broth. she messed it up and accidentally brought half chicken broth instead of bbq but my homies, being as hangry as they were, said we'd just keep it. she did bring some of the chinese bbq sauce and dumped it in for us, tho. i spent most of my time focusing on the spicy side. it's tasty but no where near as tasty as little hot pot in bellevue but it's still very good for price. a lot of other people felt the same way as well seeing as the restaurant was jam packed that nite and just about every table was runnin' the hot pot option. i'll be back.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2009,11/10/2009,139,149,6,8,8>It didn't come as much of a shock to find out that Smith and Linda's have the same owners, as I have had equally beautiful experiences in both places. Smith has an awesome atmosphere (yes, slightly creepy = awesome) and an awesome bar. It would be a perfect meeting place for a blind date (as illustrated by the 2 people seated to my left at the bar) and an even better spot to go share a pitcher of beer with a friend. Some people would be put off by the plethora of animal carcasses adorning the walls, but I just thought it added to the overall feel of the place. The menu (though I didn't sample anything) appeared to be primarily focused on down-home, old-school American fare (MEAT!!). The bartender Jeff was extremely friendly and greeted many of the repeat customers by name and a brief inquiry as to the latest stories in their lives, I love that! A definite gem in this part of the city.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,11/9/2009,113,84,7,9,8>My mom and I were cruising West Seattle for a new place to eat, so we called up her friend for the name of the German pub she liked: Prost!When we arrived it was PACKED! I think it was due to a game on TV, ao we stood in back near the wall and waited. It was kind of sad, some people were all by themselves at these really big tables, and no one would even look at us for fear they might be obligated to let us sit with them. I guess you can't expect single guys at bars to actually be gentlemen.We finally got a table (one of the lone men was leaving), and some beers on the way! I ordered the Warsteiner Dunkel and my mom a Honig Dropf mixed drink. Mmmmm tasty beer! For whatever reason the front and back doors were wide open even though it was cold outside and causing a frightful draft. Needless to say, I wanted something warm to eat to counter the chill, so I got the daily special - a pork stew. There were lots of meaty pork chunks, potatoes, some veggies in a yummy broth that added great flavor but didn't overpower the flavors of the other ingredients. My mom's bratwurst  was delicious as well, what little I got to try. :)Overall I think this is a delightful little German pub. I like that it's smaller, just remember to not go on a game night if you want to sit down! The staff were all friendly, even if a little frazzled by the large numbers of people. Sure, they don't have a huge selection, but I think it's more about creating a little pocket of community that is reminiscent of what a small town German pub might be like.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2009,11/8/2009,67,566,5,5,5>I wouldn't want to venture a guess at how many shows I've seen at Neumo's, but I never particularly look forward to it.  It's an awkward space that can drastically change your experience depending on where you're standing, in terms of sound quality, traffic, and sightlines.For example, at recent Art Brut and Wedding Present shows, I was near the front of the room toward the sides of the stage and it was great.  Being directly under the speakers was a bit loud, even with my trusty Hear-os (yes, I'm getting old), but the view was great, and I was awash in the energy of the crowd.  Fantastic.  By contrast, at Ted Leo and Arcade Fire shows, I was stuck in the balcony with my view obstructed by speaker cabinets and structural elements, and the sound was echoey and vague closer to the high ceilings.  In the middle of the experience spectrum, I stood closer to the back of the room for Mountain Goats and Bloc Party shows, where the view was distant but relatively unobstructed, and the sound was pretty decent; unfortunately I was removed from the enthusiasm of the crowd.While Neumo's lacks in consistency of experience, it is strong in flexibility.  With the upstairs lounge and balcony area, it's fairly easy to configure for all-ages shows, and the attached Moe Bar downstairs (unfortunately no longer the Bad Ju Ju, as has been frequently lamented) gives you a quieter place to relax between sets or during acts you're not particularly keen to see.As with all Pike/Pine establishments, parking is a bit of a crapshoot, so I'll frequently take a cab over from Ballard for convenience when the weather's crappy, even if I'm not planning to drink.The total package is okay.  It's a good-sized space that has a number of configuration options for different types of shows, but it lacks the consistency and intimacy to be anything greater than an average club.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/13/2009,37,43,9,11,10>BLAH BLAH BLAH THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST CUPCAKES EVER.  Well, it's true.  But I am going to tell you all about their heavenly paper goods and European hot chocolate.  They have heavenly paper goods and European hot chocolate.Look, I am a hot chocolate SNOB and will basically crawl over broken glass for a cup of warm, chocolatey goodness, but this hot chocolate is the NIT to my SHIZ.  Forget those predictable brands like Hershey's, Ghiradelli, Dilettante; my favorites include Valor (Spanish chocolate), Valrhona (French) and Callebaut (Belgium).  The hot chocolate at Trophy Cupcakes is the Callebaut Milk Chocolate, and it is worth every penny.  I tried to buy a pound or so online, but they wanted 2394723957 dollars for it (I shake my fist at you, Belgium!) so going to Trophy is more economical anyways.As for their paper goods, I am a sucker for overpriced designer paper (wrapping paper, stationery, cards, party hats, favors, decorations), and Trophy meets my overpriced designer paper needs.  Yep, it's pricey, but no more than anywhere else.  Everything has such a nice vintage feel to it, and people always ask where I get my cards from.  I've started giving them to my sweetheart just so they stay in our home--some of their cards are cool enough to frame and use as smaller art pieces, like in a foyer or bathroom.  I'm a sucker for paper, what can I say?So while you're eating that delicious Triple Chocolate cupcake, buy a card and get a steaming hot mug of perfection--great for fall!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2009,9/12/2009,331,569,14,20,16>I hate making decisions. Thank goodness for reusable shopping bags, since even the question "paper or plastic?" always made me scratch my head. So it goes without saying, my decision to get a tattoo was not made lightly. I mulled over the decision to put permanent ink on my body for six, long years. I thought about future job interviews, wedding pictures, and my mom's reaction and at the end of the six years, I still wanted my tattoo. My decision to go to Miah at Cicada Tattoo was also not based on a whim. After years of thinking about my design, I wanted to make sure that the piece that ended up on my forearm looked exactly like what I had in my mind. After looking through Miah's portfolio, I was struck by his amazing artistic talent. I knew I could trust him to perfect the design and permanently put it on my body. And by Jove, I was right. Miah exceeded my expectations from the get go. Not only did he listen to my idea and make it happen exactly how I wanted, but he was a totally nice guy and I didn't feel like I needed to justify or explain my tattoo. He was laid back and made me feel at ease in the chair. So at ease, that I can't wait to come back and get more! As for the shop, don't be scared away by it's location. Sure, it's on Aurora. Sure, you may see a hooker or two walk by. And yes, it's across the street from a XXX movie store. I repeat, do not be scared away by Cicada's location. As soon as you walk through the door, you'll find a well lit, very clean tattoo shop complete with a koi pond and patio out back and friendly, talented artists at work inside. I couldn't have had a better experience with Miah at Cicada. I'd recommend him highly. No more grueling tattoo related decisions for me. My mind is made up, I'll be back!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,9/11/2009,124,582,14,18,13>What's better than going to bed hungry? Going to bed not hungry. Which means late night food. Which means dull, greasy, painfully boring barely edible yuck. Which means going to bed hungry is not so bad after all.Unless you're anywhere near Capitol Hill. In which case late night food means Rancho Bravo. And Rancho Bravo means tasty, fresh, flavorful tacos, burritos, bowls, and tortas. For so cheap! Take a smattering of little salsas with you in lovely greens and reds, and indulge. (Just make sure they get your order right....)Late night food assumptions falsified due to a convincing argument from Rancho Bravo. You're welcome.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,9/8/2009,220,284,17,13,12>I think this place just made pho a distant memory. Yeah, I said it. I don't even care that I don't get a complimentary cream puff here. For the first time ever, I had a noodle soup that consisted entirely of spicy Szechuan Beef Tendon and LOVED it! Healthy pieces of baby bok choy nestle on top of chunks of meat and hand cut slippery noodles in a dark brown broth that packs a hearty punch. They can cater to any level of spiciness from Weakling to Hades Status (Disclaimer: not the actual names, you know they go by stars). Their appetizers were way too "appetizing" (har dee har har) to overlook so I sampled the seaweed which was divinely reminiscent of whence it came - a little salty, a little ocean-y, Mmmm. And the pork & chive dumplings? You knew some love went into them. They actually came out after the noodle soups since they're hand rolled and come served with a sour, tangy sauce - I had to take mine home since I was so stuffed! I've already made a mental note of what to try next: green onion pancakes and the chicken noodle soup. It's operations like Yelp! that get these little places noticed so they'll never disappear for lack of business. You'll just have to take your place behind me in line.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,9/7/2009,200,171,14,13,13>Ohmygiddygod'sdirtyknkickers! They have blackberry cinnamon ice cream? And coconut? And lavender lime sorbet (a funky, off putting color, but one taste made me forget the slight 3-day-old slush-ish hue). I could NOT decide what to have, but that wasn't a problem for the kids who had blueberry, birthday cake and chocolate brownie. The chocolate brownie was so good I took a pint home. All this for $12 including tip.The ice cream was delicious. But the best money I spent there was the 50 cents my girl put into the Gilligan's Island pinball machine and then proceeded to kick that machine's ASS for about 30 minutes much to the delight of the owners and the irritation of the little boy watching her play.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,9/6/2009,140,456,10,15,12>I never thought I'd enjoy eating at a place named after a prison!  Yelp gal pal Kathleen M and I showed up for a few drinks, snacks and dessert after the elite event at 0/8 in Bellevue.  The Summer bean poles were hot (and still firm, not squishy) and swam in a yummy sea of butter and garlic.  The macaroni gratin (mac n cheese) was scrumptious and cheesy.I had their delicious French 75 cocktail and Kathleen enjoyed "la rive gauche," which was elderflower liqueur, crémant and cassis.  It was fruity and a little bitter, not sweet.  La pièce de résistance was the peanut butter ice cream dessert!  It was peanutty and creamy, with crispy bits of flaky toffee and a sweet sauce I couldn't quite place (possibly caramel).I love the decor at Bastille--rich dark woods, deco light fixtures, and tiled walls with girder-like beams that remind me of the Paris Metro.  I'm not sure it's styled to look like any particular place, but the effect is a swingin' French bistro.  When it's not 100 degrees out the patio looks like a fun place to unwind.  The staff was wonderful and attentive, and I must say there were quite a few lookers too.  The dining room has air conditioning, so it's also a fun place to escape a heat wave.I only have a couple of complaints.  The restaurant smelled faintly of smoke--like something in the kitchen had been badly burned.  The dining room doesn't have the best acoustics either, so it can get a little loud.  Finally, they were out of calvados, so I couldn't try their "le calva" cocktail.  Seems like a French restaurant should have a supply of this quintessential French spirit. I'm a fan and will return, probably with my Francophile parents.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,9/5/2009,221,219,12,8,10>Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy.Hey, guess what? The Hideout is kinda artsy. Did you hear me? Have you been paying attention to the 10 reviews prior to mine? In case, you're too busy caring about something more important, let me remind you:Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy. Artsy.Okay, good. Now that we've gotten that out of the way, I like this place. It's not like me to enjoy hipster havens, and it's more likely that you can find me hiding out in Ballard rather than in my actual way-too-hip neighborhood. But when I do keep it local, I like to come to The Hideout.There are tons of bars in First Hill/Cap Hill, and all are replete with way-too-skinny chicks (I am raising my hand!) and dudes with awkward facial hair and flannels they may have gotten from my father circa 1989. I mean, tons. But The Hideout holds a special place in my no-heart because these annoying cretins don't talk to me. They're far too engrossed in their own ARTSY lives to notice me, and I like it that way. My friends and I can lean back and enjoy the ride.I've yet to try this Cucumber Gimlet, as it sounds almost too ARTSY for me. But they make a mean vodka + soda. And they don't serve it with a smile, which is a good thing at such an ARTSY place.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,9/4/2009,262,106,24,21,19>"What do you get when you guzzle down sweets? Eating as much as an elephant eats? What are you at, getting terribly fat? What do you think will come of that? I don't like the look of it!" Well at least at Theo Chocolates you can feel good about guzzling down sample after never-ending sample of delicious chocolate! And each tasty morsel gave my taste buds a high five before saying "WAAZZZZZUPP" to my belly. (Later, my stomach sent a post card to my brain thanking him for being so damn brilliant and suggesting the factory tour while my parents were visiting. No seriously, Mr Stomach even sent it priority mail to make sure it arrived!) Upon entering Theo chocolate, sensory overload begins immediately as you see platters of cracked chocolate begging to be eaten. Everything from true dark chocolate (my preference), milk chocolate - to intriguing creations ranging from typical orange and mint, to more exotic combinations as ghost chili. I brought home the later - as it was one of the few not available for tasting (a limited release) - and was very pleased with the uniqueness and OMGTONGUEONFIRE response. Okay, let's talk about the tour for a second. Six George Washingtons for a wealth of chocolate/knowledge? And a free, blue hair net? Yes please! Samples were in abundance, causing me to (only slightly) wish I hadn't devoured so many while waiting for the tour to start. Tour guide = quite friendly and having only worked at Theo for a few months, was very knowledgeable in the intricacies of this unique factory. Keep in mind that while walking through the factory itself, it can be a bit hot and noisy - something that would be perfectly fine had we not been on a tour with a bunch of Europeans who think deodorant is an afterthought. All in all, what a wonderful place to stop by and take your friends, relatives, loved ones - even your enemies if they just so happen to have the unfortunate allergy of chocolate. Post scriptum - CALL AHEAD IF YOU WISH TO TAKE THE TOUR! And not just the day before, but at least 3-4 days in advance if you wish to snag your ideal time slot on the weekends. They fill up fast and will be gone before you know it...
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,9/3/2009,293,280,19,15,16>I took a hot date here tonight.  Just a perfect person...not too materialistic, artsy, hot, simple, easy to please, and goes to bed early on the first date.  I took myself!  Haha...okay...not so funny.All the same, El Puerco Lloron is every bit as good...well even better than I remembered it.  I still love the pink window frames, hanging guitars, funky hanging cages, and all of the other cool artwork dangling from the ceiling.  This time I learned from my last experience.  I ordered the carne asada and loaded up on absolutely everything from the condiment bar:  salsa verde, salsa casera, pico de gallo...everything and anything to add heat.  Topped off with a nice Jarritos de limon, and it was a very good meal.  I left wondering why in the bleep I had waited so long to come back to this place.  Great carne asada.  Ricisimo!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,9/2/2009,290,437,11,14,12>It's hard not to love this place. Tasty food, sweet servers and the quiet attentiveness that comes with good-but-not-over-the-top service. The prices are reasonable and the food is just the way I remember it tasting in Japan.I'm super fond of the tsukune, the shuumai, agedashi tofu... everything, actually. Tonight my friend Stacy P. and I partook in the delight of tomato bacon... yep, cherry tomatoes wrapped in bacon and grilled on a skewer. They explode in your mouth and are freaking amaaaaazing. And so simple. Too bad I doubt I can replicate the pure tastebud bliss, no matter how simple it is. That's why Maekawa is so good... sure, a lot of this stuff isn't so hard to make, but to make *correctly*? The sign of true comfort food. Mmmm!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/29/2014,60,238,7,11,8>So dangerous!!! Now that I live closer to Chuck's, I stop by sometimes to get my fix of their buttermilk (un-glazed) donut and maple bars. I don't know what it is about their maple bars but it's addicting! I normally don't like maple bars at all or care for the maple taste but Chuck's makes it so good you cannot NOT have one. It's something about their light buttery frosting that's just crack!.. I swear it's crack. :P haha.. Tip - Come early if you don't want to walk into an almost sold-out display because they only make enough for the day and it's gone.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/28/2014,47,88,7,11,10>this is my happy place.i am happy when i peruse the menu.  i am happy when i see my bowl of hot soba noodle soup.  it makes me happy just thinking about miyabi 45th soba.some of my dining companions have complained that the soba dipping sauce was overly salty, but i only find happiness in my soba sauces and broth and the beautiful soba noodles.miyabi 45th is a soba shop. you will not find udon or ramen or somen or any other asian noodles here.  the soba is made in-house and it shows.  i am so happy there is a restaurant that focuses only on soba.  this is how it is done is japan, local shops that sell only soba, only udon, only ramen.  this is how one perfects one's food.i usually order the hot soba with the tempura shrimp and vegetables.  this is a very traditional japanese way to serve soba and this is the way i always had soba in japan except in the summer time when we would happily slurp our zaru soba.the cold soba with the dipping sauce is considered very upscale. the soba noodle must be "perfect" for the cold presentation.my first sip of miyabi 45th hot tempura  soba soup took me to an  incredibly happy place in my memories of my childhood in japan eating tempura soba at our local sobaya san.in fancy restaurants like miyabi 45th, the tempura is served on the side. i am used to the tempura served on top of the noodles in the bowl.  so i simply transfer the tempura into my hot soba noodle soup bowl and it makes me happy.  i love the flavor of the tempura batter permeating into the soba soup broth.the shrimp are large shrimp, not the wimpy frozen  pencil thin crappy shrimp that is passed off as tempura shrimp in many establishments. it always makes me unhappy when i am served tempura shrimp like that. there is not one thing that i have had here that i did not like.some favorites are:  foie gras tofu:  soft, silken and foie gras-ey.  it makes me happy just thinking about this.mastutake chawanmushi:  cooked perfectly so there is no  liquid in the chawanmushi cup.  happiness is a gently cooked chawanmushi with no liquid.fried smoked chicken wings:  another source of pleasure and happiness. you cannot go wrong with this choice.curry don (curry bowl):  very authentic taste. happiness in a rice bowl.we were given an amuse bouche of shrimp bisque that was just the right touch to whet our appetite.  we were very happy to receive this amuse bouche.  it is such a nice touch.my only quibble is the curry soba.  i cannot imagine the beautiful soba noodles over whelmed by the heavy curry sauce.  just of thought of it makes me unhappy.there is a daily/weekly special menu.  some of the items i mentioned might have been on the special menu.  whatever is on the specials menu will deliver happiness to your tummy.the flavor of the hot soba soup broth is authentic and the noodles are wonderful.it makes me so unhappy thinking that i cannot be there every day because i live in lynnwood and finding parking is the worst thing in the world.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,11/27/2014,121,125,8,10,9>Etta's is bomb! I came here this past Saturday for brunch with my girlfriend and mini me after a barre class.  So glad they take reservations because the place was packed and there were people waiting to get a table.  I'm very impatient so if I have to wait longer than 15 minutes while starving I'll go elsewhere.I walked into Etta's thinking that I was going to order the crab benedict but as I was looking over the menu I was torn between the chorizo and eggs or the corned beef hash.  I'm a sucker for non canned corned beef.  I asked our server Kyle what he would choose and he said that the corned beef was best.  SOLD! That's what I ordered a long with a mimosa.  It's never too early for a mimosa.  When the food came out my corned beef came out as expected.  Eggs were poached perfectly and the habanero ketchup was pretty good.  Portion was a bit small but that's because I was super hungry and wanted more.  My girlfriend ordered the shrimp and grits and said it was delicious.  I asked if it was better than the shrimp and grits at Toulouse Petit  and she said "YES!" So now I gotta order that the next time I'm at Etta's.  My mini enjoyed her meal as well.  Everyone was satisfied!Pike Place is close by so if you feel like walking off your meal, walk out to your left as you leave Etta's and get your walk on.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,11/26/2014,70,97,9,11,10>The freshest seafood! And it's in an area that I wouldn't really expect it be...which makes it all the better a find! Prices are pretty average for seafood...I got the mixed/combo bag where you can choose three options (from snow crab, crayfish, mussels, clams and shrimp) for $13.99 per pound. The minimum order is two pounds so you're already paying almost $30 for the dish. The good news is you can share, so bring those friends!Sauces: holy cow, the cajun sauce even though you can order it on a scale of hotness from 1-5 was very spicy! Beware, a 3= a 5...The smaller items tend to sit and marinate in the sauce at the bottom of the bag, too so they can get very spicy very fast. I've also tried the garlic butter..considerably less of an attack on the mouth and very flavorful. This might be my favorite. However, I have yet to try the sauce where they throw all the options into one. Sounds like it could be really good or...a disaster. We'll have to see!My friend and I were incredibly hungry when we were there (can you tell?) so we also got a dozen oysters. I was pleasantly surprised to find they were not too salty nor did they taste like the beach. What a plus!Lastly, parking is pretty easy as there is a lot for the strip mall off of MLK. I always worry about finding parking in Seattle, but no worries here!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,11/25/2014,153,269,8,16,14>Wow, the pork belly in their ramen is amazing.  Definitely comparable to the pork belly in Hokkaido's if not better.  Noodles are similar to Hokkaido and the broth is not as salty as Kukai's.  Their ramen comes with half of a seasoned egg...which are amazeballs.  I wish they would put a whole one instead of just half of one in my bowl!  But I don't mind ordering extra...they're worth it!  I have tried the shoyu tonkatsu and the Arashi ramen which had more pork belly!  I love them both!Not only that but the prices are a lot more affordable than the other ramen restaurants in Bellevue and they have punch cards!  Buy 9 bowls of ramen, and get the 10th one free!  They are also smart to put up a location that's not so close to other competitors that serve the same kind of menu as they do.I've also tried their takoyaki and honey garlic chicken karaage.  The takoyaki is good, but it's not like it's more special than any other takoyaki I've had in the past.  I do like their honey garlic chicken karaage though!  I don't think I've ever had chicken karaage with that particular kind of topping, but it was a good choice!  They also have a variety of other appetizers and they also allow you to combo some of these appetizer items with your bowl of ramen!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,11/24/2014,309,567,9,13,7>They serve wine while gettin pampered.  Really.  What more would one want while having your hands and feet rubbed down and cleaned up than sittin back on a massage recliner sipping on a glass of wine on a saturday afternoon?There really isn't anything better right?Precious Nails is a little tucked away in a plaza that many wouldn't pull into to look for a nail spa but I assure you - just go and you will be pleased.The staff was extra friendly and very professional.  It's the first vietnamese nail salon that they make an effort to get to know your name and converse with you (if you're up to it) or just let you relax with wine in hand and hang out.  The don't speak vietnamese loudly like too many other spots do, so you don't feel uncomfortable or worried they are talking about you. Nice clean facility and newer equipment makes this place my new favorite place to get a MANicure. can't wait to go back!  Oh and it's only like $30 for a mani and pedi! deals!!!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,11/23/2014,160,123,7,10,8>If any xiao long bao (xlb) aka soup dumpling place rivaled Din Tai Fung, it would be this place. I had to try their dumplings even in the 99 degree weather because I was nearby.  The regular price of their pork xlb would set you $8.50, but since they didn't have a/c, they were taking 20% off for the inconvenience.20% off for having no a/c??  Yes, please!! I would have gone regardless of the discount tho due to the distance it is from my place..They sat me at the bar with no wait, which I think was cooler than the rest of the areas because that's where the dumplings were being made so it was only 70ish degrees.  I drank so much water that I could only eat one bamboo steamer of the xlb.XLB breakdown--the wrapper is thinner than Din Tai Fung and it has more soup.  The meat and the soup itself is good!  Plus you get more for your money!The only downside is that their soup menu is limited, but they offer a bunch of other dishes I didn't get to try, like their tofu or their jian bing.  I really wanted to try their other dumplings since it is a dumpling house, but I was stuffed.It took a while for my dumplings to come out, but since it was good dumplings, I didn't mind especially since the ice water kept flowing.Service is great!! They kept filling up my water without me having to flag them down.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,11/22/2014,49,294,9,10,10>FRIED PICKLES!! Omg so good.  My husband has been trying to tell me how good they were in the south so when we saw them on the menu we had to get them and now it's all I have been thinking about!I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and he had the smoked sausage sandwich and then we sampled almost all of their awesome sauces! Everything was full of flavor and juicy to perfection. The prices were so cheap considering the quality and portion sizes.  I'm not a fan of coleslaw in general but it was definitely better than most I have tried and had a nice crunch to it which was refreshing.Must try cornbread next time.  I'll be back for sure!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,11/21/2014,49,359,9,10,10>We've driven by this park a few times, and decided it was one we definitely needed to try...and we are VERY GLAD we did! We drove around looking for a parking lot for the park, but there wasn't one. I did spot a trail entrance on one street and luckily that did take us into the park after walking along a bridge and through some greenery. Checking the website, street parking is available on NE 100th Street and 128th Avenue NE.What caught our eye originally was the huge castle-like play structure in the playground. When we went in to play, we were happy to find that there's no sand (great for us with a little one who loves to just throw sand for as long as possible!) and the structure is divided into sections for the different ages of children. There is even a smaller play area for little ones across from an elementary school a bit away from the rest of the park/playground which seems to be a part of this park officially as well. That area has a lot of shade which could be good for those toddlers who forgot their sunblock ;) Back at the main playground, everything seems to be very well-maintained. It's clean and the wooden structures appear safe too. There are swings, slides, structures to climb, bouncy bridges, balance beams, monkey bars...all with potential for good fun! For adults, there are even benches built in to the play areas to help monitor little ones at play. My husband mentioned that he loves that the whole play structure is somewhat of a maze so it keeps the children in the playground instead of having them run off to the grassy area (good containment). The other families we encountered were all friendly too!It looks like this is a popular spot for local residents to walk their dogs. There were several that walked through while we were there, all on leashes, and all seeming very friendly. We even spotted a few people picking berries along the outskirts of the park area. As for bathroom facilities, I only spotted one honey bucket in the main area (so maybe not the best park for those with a potty training little one). There are also several tables around the park so it has good picnic potential too. Overall, a great park and playground. I'm excited to bring my little one back and I think she'd have a great time here again too!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,11/20/2014,202,176,7,12,10>My bf took me here on Saturday and it was my first time.  The location is not expected. The shop has a few old school arcade games which is pretty nifty since a lot of them are ones you don't stumble across very often.  The actual ice cream area is kind of small.  I got the salted caramel ice cream and my bf got the ube ice cream.  The taste of my salted caramel was delish. It tasted like the kind I get at Molly Moons, except this place is so much more humble.  The only thing I wasn't too fond of was the texture of my ice cream.  It was way too soft... My bf's ube ice cream was good and had a way better texture.His and my cone came out to $7.08 with a $1.00 tip. Not too shabby.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,1/29/2010,124,582,14,21,20>Small plates with a few that aren't too small? A diverse and interesting wine list? An emphasis on seasonal fare, with enough variety to satiate carnivores, vegetarians, and everyone in between? I'm in....The lady trio descended recently to check out this new(ish) addition to Belltown. Walking in without a reservation on a Thursday night was no problem (where ARE you, Seattle?!), which apparently means no one knows that chef Joseph Conrad is an alum of Rubicon, Charlie Trotter, and our our own recently deceased Qube. So don't tell anyone else, as I'd like to continue showing up, sitting down, and feasting.The menu as printed in the restaurant is organized by ascending substance, meaning that although these are primarily small plates, some are more dinner-size: good for those who have a small-plate-averse love in their lives. I tried the Ventana Burger: stuffed with chile rellenos, topped with bacon and escarole, and served with a dipping cup of Humboldt Fog cheese and a mound of fries, it's a lovely steal at $13. And far from small....Juicy, decadent, and sandwiched between a light, fluffy, delicately buttered bun, it's one of the best burgers I've had in a long time (and I only eat great ones since I don't eat many). The red velvet cake we shared in a three-way at the end was deep and rich, not too sweet, and so an excellent example of what's become the bar against which I test a kitchen's pastry chef.Ventana's feel inside is clearly Northwest cool, with exposed beams and electrical wiring, and nary a soft surface in sight: sleek, not warm. Unlike the service, which was friendly and attentive. I look forward to returning for the pork belly confit BLT, the generous wine pours, and eventually a new exciting slate of spring offerings when the grey March skies will beg to be offset by little delights of spring....
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,1/28/2010,262,106,35,21,26>Okay, I have a bit of an embarrassing confession to make: I'm deathly scared of metal, spiral staircases.Reason being that as a young (and quite handsome) lad, I was involved in a horrible accident with such a treacherous entity while vacationing off the coast of Northern California. It was a blustery day, with the army of white caps storming over the ocean waves outside. Game night it is! My four year-old brother (who is also my twin, which would thus make me four years of age as well, in case your mind was lapsing on the concept of a "twin") and I teamed up against our parents for a sure-to-win victory over whatever game was chosen.Now, we were almost set: hot chocolate w/ mallows  = made, board game = setup, blanket = ...wait! I needed my blanket! Surely I couldn't win outside the warmth of that lovely stretch of fabric! So upstairs I ran, bounding up the spiral staircase like a damn wallaby on a mission. Grabbed Mr Blankie and off I went.Everything was going swimmingly during my descent, but my fatal mistake occurred around step number nine - roughly half way through. Being the amateur-spiral-staircase-descender that I was, I neglected to keep a tight grasp on my blanket. A corner spilled out of the (not so) ironclad grasp of my hands, falling directly in the path of my thunderous footie pajamas. Murphy's Law took hold and...BAM!David's forehead, say hello to metal railing. Metal railing, this is David's forehead. The volume of tears greatly outnumbered the amount of blood - but that didn't stop the fear from being embedded in my heart and soul FOREVER. I refused to sleep upstairs - where all the beds had been located - residing in a makeshift bedroom on the first floor, just so I wouldn't have to encounter that pile of twisted steel and death appeal during the remainder of the trip. Even an oneirologist-in-training would have found my brain filled with evil staircase thoughts that evening!Since that day, I never set foot on a spiral stair case again - until Ophelia's Books came into my life.I won't lie, the sight of such a stair case frightened me a bit. Years had passed since my little/big incident and thankfully, spiral staircases are fairly non-existent in modern architecture, so I've never had to worry much. But the time has come for me to grab hold of my fear, take it out to a nice seafood dinner, and NEVER call it again.So I did.Ophelia's is the kind of book store I like - complete with the requisite old book smell, multiple cats and well... books. Lots of books. All of which were reasonably priced, too! Fantastic cook books, fiction galore, humorous books, historical books, books with pages/words/pictures, piano books, naughty books (with pictures!), old books with that fun gold edging and a binding larger than my Grandma's bunion, books for only a buck (specifically: a dollar, not a male deer), and even just your normal paperbacks.Even if you have climacophobia, don't let that scare you from stepping into (pun intended) Ohpelia's Books and taking a gander at the treasures within.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,1/27/2010,150,597,18,12,14>Running some errands the other day left me with some free time in the middle of Greenwood. While strutting along the boulevard I spied Neptune Coffee. Since I've missed every trivia night and have been meaning to check it out, I went inside. "Long time fan, first time customer."First impression on entering the place was a few concert posters on the side wall mixed in with various paintings. The barista was friendly at first glance, but I still wasn't sure if he was faking and this was a secret hipster establishment. I was worried that my clothing wasn't sufficiently ironic. So I decided to apply the Pretentious Coffee Shop Test. What is the test, you say? It's a series of 5 questions ranging from bland ("Why does coffee have to be shade grown?") to annoying ("What's the difference between an 8 ounce and 16 ounce coffee?"). Points are given by the baristas' answers:0 points - Stays friendly, answers your question.1 point - Rolls eyes2 points - Sighs deeply3 points - Rolls eyes and sighs deeply4 points - Rolls eyes, sights deeply and ignores you to talk to the other barista about his/her weekendNeptune Coffee Score: 0 points.Sweet! They were legitimately friendly!Now I could relax and take in the place a bit. Seating is mostly to the right with some extra tables in back. The counter is to the left with a wood color that ranges between bone white and coffee-teeth yellow. There are some tasteful potted plants along the margin of the place and the front windows are wide with prime viewing of the street (and bus stop). I ordered a latte which was fantastic, no complaints, and went to grab a seat. The seating is composed of a bench against the far wall with a chair on the other side. I tried the chair first, but with the wood desk it really reminded me of grade school study hall. I was waiting for Sister Eloise to rap my knuckles for passing notes. Moving to the bench was better and improved people watching through the window. There was some low level music that fit in pretty well. They also serve beer and wine here, but since I haven't progressed to the point where I feel I need an 11 am highball, I didn't try these. If my life ever starts to resemble a John Waters movie, then I may change my mind on this. As I mentioned above, they do have music and trivia nights here and if I ever make one of these, this could easily move up to 5 stars.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,1/26/2010,59,105,9,10,8>Freshly baked/fried dough makes me happy in all its many forms. Waffles, yes.If you were to try to bribe me for some small favor by offering me one of Sweet Iron's chocolate or caramel banana waffles, I would likely be favorably disposed toward your request. I'm not sure why $3-4 for a waffle seems so outrageous to some people, considering this town has tons of people willing to pay $3.50 for a freaking cupcake or a stale scone, but their basic waffle is about $3 cheaper than the basic liege at DC's fantastic Locolat, so I'll cut them plenty of slack.Coffee is better-than-average for a non-coffee-specializing place, but if you care about coffee more than waffles, go somewhere else. Migliore is just a block or two away. Come here when you need the high energy density of eggs, flour and butter, not when you just need a boost.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,1/25/2010,615,688,8,16,10>If you ever wondered what it would be like to eat pizza with the roadies of some rock-hair band, then this is your place!This place is a somewhat confusing idea.  It has a wonderfully polished look with tables that look like steamer travel trunks and neatly framed posters of bands.  Yet you can tell they want the rowdy carefree atmosphere.  Just ask anyone who's had the bucket about that.  But they also seem to promote family and there are always plenty of kids enjoying the place.  It just comes off a little strange.The pizza is actually quite tasty.  They had a meat and pepper combo that was wonderful!  And the beer menu was extensive. Of course one of you has to try the bucket.  Though, they do pour it light-handed, which for most folks is probably a good idea. Overall, if you love classic rock and pizza, you will be happy here.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,1/24/2010,139,149,10,7,8>I have the tendency of sounding like I am experiencing great sexual pleasure when I bite into something that is this delicious. Oh, you should have heard me. This cupcake was, to say the least, incredible. "Sweet potato maple brown sugar" was the name of this particular cupcake, and I just couldn't resist. The frosting tasted like pure butter and sugar, with a bit of brown sugar sprinkled on top, and the cake itself was moist, just fluffy enough, and not too sweet, perfect to balance the sweetness of the frosting. So, one down, 50 more to go! They have the most creative flavor options: Italian eggnog! Pistachio! Peanut butter and jelly! Banana cardamom! I've got my work cut out for me. God, my life is so hard.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,1/23/2010,207,130,14,19,19>My mom cooked the yummiest Korean food at my church when I was a kid.  I knew this because the other moms at church would ask her to make some extra kimchi to give to them.Now imagine a Salvadoran church with a similar mom, and imagine that this mom opened up a restaurant.  This is what Guanaco's is like -- home-cook-style, delicious Salvadoran cooking that is comforting and filling.  We knew that it was good because there were several Salvadoran families eating inside this non-assuming restaurant, and they were eating everything on their plates.I had the Guanaco-style steak, which is a seasoned, marinated flank steak that is cooked well-done, but tender (it reminded me of the meat I had while visiting Brazil), with a side of rice, beans and a small salad.  My wife had the Guanaco sampler platter # 4, comprising a chicken tamal that was steamed in a leaf, a pastelito (a quick-fried cornmeal packet filled with meat, carrots and onions, and a gentle cinnamony spice), and a chicken and cheese pupusa.  There's a green sauce and red sauce in squeeze bottles, and the green sauce is especially addictive.  Speaking of kimchi, the sampler platter also came with a spicy, lightly fermented cabbage dish; and though it wasn't to my particular taste, I could tell that it was well-made.Like I said, the ambience is not great, but they do the most with where they're located.  And the service is fine, and the woman taking orders at the cash register and then serving the food had the friendliest smile!The only downside that I saw was that the menu's prices were outdated -- the actual prices are 10% higher than what's listed on the menu.  But even with the 10% increase, it was still a reasonable price for what they give.One final item of note -- they have Mexican dishes on their menu, like fish tacos.  But given that this is Salvadoran-owned, I'm going to try all of their Salvadoran dishes before I even touch the Mexican ones.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,1/22/2010,114,209,6,9,6>Finally, after waiting 4 years since moving to the South End, Columbia City has it's own ice cream joint and I get to go there as much as possible. Great low key vibe, much like their original and still poppin' White Center location. Check out the kickass floor made up of different color vinyl tile cut to fit into a neat spiral pattern. Great flavors too. Ube, Mango Chile, Mexican Chocolate, Horchata, Blueberry, Blue Moon (Fruit Loop flavored), and always more than one Vegan flavor. Today the vegan flavors included Lime Lavender Sorbet and Chocolate Oreo. Plus they serve beer and soda. And of course, pinball and arcade machines galore!!! Hopefully, they will have all ages music shows soon:) And I want to say thanks to them for picking a spot a bit off the beaten path of Columbia City, let's try and support some of the businesses in Full Tilt's complex as well:)
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2009,1/20/2010,118,88,6,7,7>This review leans heavily on the phenomenal service we received at Poppy during their late night HH - it needs to be flaunted! As we arrived for the late night happy hour, the server in the bar graciously led us to a table, and appeared genuinely happy to help us out. Even to the point of splitting a glass of wine for us, at his suggestion! I cannot say how pleased I was. Poppy's early happy hour is 5-7 p.m. and late night from 9 to 11 p.m. The early happy hour features the $5 awesome thali; late night has $6 "naanwiches." So we tried the naan-wiches, of course! One chicken, with a spicy rub and yogurt sauce - definitely my favorite due to the nod to cayenne. The meat in the steak naan-wich was cooked so perfectly as to melt in your mouth, but the dijon mustard sauce was a bit too strong for me that night. We also ordered the chickpea salad, which was rife with fresh herbs that made each bit sing with summer flavors. The HH Chardonnay was a good complement to our meal, just enough acidity to add some sparkle. I cannot wait to come back for the early HH thali...
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,1/19/2010,325,469,9,21,15>Hands down, the best Pho I've ever had!  Their broth is so complex and layered in flavor.  It's rich, in no way watery and packs in a lot of flavor.  They serve a ton of perfectly cooked noodles and a their meat is super tender and flavorful.  I'm normally a huge fan of dumping in a ton of Hoisin, Rooster Sauce & Lime, but the broth here doesn't really need a whole lot.  A bit of citrus and a splash of Rooster Sauce and I was set.  I have no idea what made their broth so delicious, but I'm definitely a fan for life.In addition to some remarkable Pho, their Egg Rolls were also delicious.  Freshly fried, crispy and packed to the gills with fresh, tasty ingredients and their dipping sauce--slightly sweet, slightly tangy and slightly spicy--was a perfect accompaniment.  Add in fast service and a very, very friendly server (perhaps owner?) and I'll be back.  For sure!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,9/27/2011,103,123,21,12,15>An old man and a young man are walking together in the forest.  The old man, blind and apparently feeble, is a mentor to the young man and his teacher...The old man: "Close your eyes. What do you hear?"The young man: "I hear the water.  I hear the birds."old man: "Do you hear your own heartbeat?"young man: "no"old man: "Do you hear the grasshopper which is at your feet?"young man: "no"The young man opens his eyes to see the grasshopper at his feet...young man: "Old man, how is it that you hear these things?"old man: "Young man, how is it that you do not?"I kind of feel like that's the experience of Homegrown.  There are many things beyond the superficial surface of sandwiches.  There's a sustainable, environmentally conscious effort going on there that requires attention.  There's local sourcing and concern for the quality of ingredients that can't be ignored.  Then there's the mother-effing Bluffernutter!Dude, I love the Bluffernutter.  As far as i'm concerned, they don't even make any other sandwiches at Homegrown.  I eat Bluffernutters like there's no tomorrow.  I had some friends over and asked them what they wanted to eat.  They were in mid-ponderance when I said "screw that, you all get Bluffernutters."  Now they're all addicted. Ha, ha!  First one's free, suckers.The truth is, there are some things about Homegrown which annoy me.  The early closing time is lunacy and the folks behind the counter are a bit too hippy-ish for the 21st century.  But, they are very nice and laugh at my lame jokes when I dare tell them.  You can't beat that with a stick. I do find the fries a bit odd tasting.  I think it may be the oil they are fried in, but I'm not quite sure.  Something about them doesn't rub me the right way.  But, as I said, I come for the Bluffernutter and little else.Bluffernutter FTW... Bluffernutter for President.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,9/26/2011,204,515,7,9,8>List is great!This place came highly recommended so we stopped by last night.  Sort of an uber hip  looking bar with small plate format food selections.  The did not disappoint!  Our server was spot on with our selections.Gnocchi with black truffle cream ($11)  what part of the that name doesn't sound delicious?  Indeed it was!  little starchy bundles of joy!Grilled Chilean sea bass ($14) this was another amazing dish that I litterly swooned after trying!  The prices are not unreasonable but to make them even more reasonable definitely hit this place up during their Happy Hour which changes from day to day.  Happy Hour:Sunday-monday- all dayTues-thurs-430p-630p and 930p-midnightFriday-Saturday 430p-630pAll the stuff on the 'food list' part of the menu is half off!  Also, the servings are actually pretty generous for small plates so you definitely get your moneys worth on the Happy Hour deals.  Perhaps the major drawback to this place is the noise level which can be pretty deafening!  The small space with high ceilings and wood floor seemed to amplify all sound.  Keep the noise down kids!  grandpa is trying to gum his sea bass in peace!  Regardless of ambient noise levels, I recommend this place for those of you looking for a gnosh whilst in Belltown.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,9/25/2011,120,67,8,10,8>This place looks like a small cafe from the outside, but once I walked inside and went into the main dining area, I realized how much of full restaurant it is. Our group shared many of the entrees. The roasted chicken was delicious: the skin was crispy, and the meat really tender and juicy. There's a lot to be said about something so simple and delicious. We also shared the steak tartar, which was also really fresh and tasty. At the conclusion of the meal we shared several some chocolate bread, which was sliced French bread with a rich, thick chocolate sauce in between. Overall, a really great dining experience with friendly service and great food.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,9/24/2011,50,149,4,6,7>I was here with a big group of Yelpers for a UYE, and I have to say, this is my kind of place.  Cafe Vignole is a nondescript location in the Rainier Valley in a really great neighborhood.  I had to walk to find an ATM and walked past a barbershop that looked like something right out of, well, "Barbershop".  This is a real vibrant and diverse neighborhood and while some folks might find that to be a bit intimidating at times, I think it's fantastic.  Anyway, I digress.Cafe Vignole is a real neighborhood type restaurant.  One can't help but feel like they've been teleported into an oldskool Italian "legitimate businessman's club" somewhere on the East Coast.  The decor is old and burnished and a mix of modern and eclectic pop art of the 50's/60's/70's graces the walls.  It's dimly lit and would be romantic, though being surrounded by the stabbing forks and spoons of my fellow yelpers is not the most romantic scene.The food was quite good, we were treated to selection of dishes from the friendly and accomodating proprietor.  There was some delay in getting food to the table but we were a huge group and by all appearances this is a two person operation.  We tasted the anitpasto platter (delicious with herbs, olives, marinated mushrooms, beets, etc), a lovely pear and blue cheese salad with crushed pistachio, gnocci with gorgonzola (my favorite, the gnocci was light but with just the right amount of texture), ricotta stuffed ravioli with marina (really nice), and for desert a selection of tiramisu, red velvet cake, and the black eyed pea cake (all really good, Kira had the most promiscuous tiramisu spoon I've ever seen).  All in all, my wife and I had a fantastic time, enjoyed the food, and would definitely go back again.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,9/23/2011,133,298,4,10,4>I've eaten at Pinto Bistro a number of times, but I held off on reviewing it. Why? Because every time I give a good review to a sushi place in Capitol Hill, it either starts going downhill or closes all together.So I gave Pinto Bistro 3 months, and they never disappointed me once!! They have consistently had great sushi. It's a bit on the pricey side, especially if you go for their specialty rolls - but they are so creative and flavorful that it's almost worth the indulgence.Over 3 months, I've tried a fair bit of their sushi menu. Some of my favorites include:Snow White Maki - The seared salmon gives it a slight fishy taste, but overall very tasty and a bit spicy.Hurricane Maki - A yummy, clean taste. I love green onions!Godzilla Maki - The recipe has changed recently, but I still love all the roe they put on top.Shitake Maki - Sometimes the simpler ones are the best, and they put in just the right amount of wasabi to make this enjoyable.Their fish is always of good quality and I always enjoy my food from here. The one thing that I stay away from are the fried rolls - mostly because they end up being too rich to finish. They're great to get with a large party, because they slice their fried rolls very thin and you're left with 10-12 pieces.Not only are these guys super close to me, but they also deliver. Can't get much closer than that! When you get delivery, they write on the containers so you know which container has which sushi, which is always a way to earn points in my book.Definitely a great spot to get sushi on the hill. I'll be back! Again, and again, and again...
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,9/22/2011,150,597,9,6,6>MOD Super Fast Pizza is a little bit like a New York pizza (well, sort of a distant second or third cousin) and falls into the thin crust variety. You're getting a moderate amount of toppings on a thin, but edible, crust here. You can self create (hence, Made on Demand) or choose amongst their pre-conceived selections. My favorite is the Mad Dog: marinara, pepperoni, sausage, thin meatballs and mozzarella cheese. Each pizza pretty much feeds one person and is cut into four slices. It's a decent amount of food without being an overwhelming gut bomb. Plus the price is fairly reasonable, $5.88. There's a small selection of drinks: pop, milk, bottled water and a beer or two. As for the Bellevue location, it's got a reasonably spaced interior with a small patio that looks out on Bellevue Way. There is a preponderance of Bellevue high school teenagers that populate the place, I'll leave it up to you whether that's good or bad ("And then Karen went up to talk to Tyler and OMG!" "OMG!" "No way!" "So hot!" "OMG!").
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,9/21/2011,5000,240,53,49,51>My journey into Yoga started back in February.  I was kind of in a workout rut and felt like I needed a new challenge and to try something new.  I didn't have a clue in regards to the different styles of yoga (it's all Greek to me; uh, um, maybe it's all Indian to me), but I knew I wanted a studio that was close to home.  There are a few studios on Queen Anne, but a friend of mine highly recommended this place, so I signed up for their Intro to Yoga series.  This is a 6-week series that meets on Sunday (4 - 5:15 p.m.)  and costs $75. I definitely got what I wanted when I started the intro program - a pleasurable challenge!  Sessions run for 75 minutes and I never thought I would sweat as much I did!  It's definitely a different kind of burn from my traditional weight resistance workouts.  Lisa, my instructor, is a very upbeat, supporting person who is passionate about her work.  She took the time to explain the nuances of moves and some philosophical/historical background of yoga.  It is always good to get your learning on!  My class had about 25 people at the start, but the class whittled down to about 15 left at the end.  A side note - I want to work on my flexibility and, in time, I hope to be as flexible as I was when I used to run cross country. Upon completion of the intro series, I was eligible to purchase a Prana Membership for new members - 30 days/up to 30 classes for $59.  That was pretty much a no-brainer for me!  I plan on trying as many different classes and instructors.  So far, I've tried their Friday Night Restorative, Hatha Flow (Level I/II) and Gentle Hatha class.  Restorative was quite a different experience for me since it focused on the practice of being (this class is also taught by Lisa).  It was very calming!  The Hatha Flow class on Sunday totally kicked my butt and it felt freaking awesome!  Yesterday, I took a Gentle Hatha class with Christina - I learned some new moves and learned that I need to work on my balance (especially with Warrior 3)! I know my new journey in the world of yoga is a long one and there will be many peaks and valleys, but I'm definitely enjoying itLink to class schedules:yogalife.com/queen-anne-…Link to prices/membership:yogalife.com/prices-and-…                  OM               OM               OM**my god, I need a beeeeer**                    |                    |                    |                   O                  O                  O   _____    / | \  ____    / | \  _____   / | \_________
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,9/20/2011,79,143,4,12,10>I guess I should write a real review when I've tried the food too, but I thought the drinks were awesome and I'm really excited for this restaurant in general so I'm writing NOW!I don't quite remember the name of the drink I ordered but it conjured about thoughts about sailing away...obviously I did because I can't quite remember all the ingredients either!  Cachaca, coconut juice and some other stuff...tasted like heaven and was served in an adorable glass.  My man got the Sam's Cuba Libre and it was also gorgeous and a delicious twist on a classic.  Again, nice serving glasses.  The bartender was top notch--you can tell this guy is serious about serving drinks.We were hoping for happy hour foods, but the menu isn't quite there yet, however the entrees were intriguing.  We were thinking that it would be a great date night spot and I'm sure we'll be back.I'd been a regular at The Chai House which was in this location for many years so it was interesting to see what they did with the space.  I had not been to the supposed Ballard's Best BBQ joint that had opened after The Chai House vacated...In any case, the room is much more spacious and light, the walls are already filling up with some nice artwork and I adore the maritime decor.  It fits in well with Ballard and the Brazilian theme.  I can't wait to see this place hopping on a Saturday night.  I think it will come in time.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,9/18/2011,88,275,6,10,9>What the heck! Why have i NEVER been to this place before?? I've never even heard of it. The only reason i knew where it was is because I drive by it daily but never think to give it a try - and thankfully i finally did!! First of all - GREAT date night place. Dark lighting with a red candle glow ambiance, a live piano player and comfy booths in the corners. The waitress had some great suggestions as to what to get for dinner but I had my eye on the Spicy Crab Spaghetti the instant I saw it. I do consider myself a connoisseur of most things, one being Caesar Salads so I had to start with one. BAM - so good! got the taste buds ready for the main course for sure.  I rarely ever eat pasta but this dish of Spaghetti was amazing, the pasta didn't seem too heavy, it had a delicious red sauce that had a good kick to it with every bite and the chunks of crab on top, to die for! They had a great wine selection and a full bar if you just want to meet a friend for a cocktail, great place for that. I can't wait to go back for seconds!!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,9/17/2011,207,130,13,10,11>I came into Sureshot when the UW student clones, gazing into their matching Apple Mac laptops and nursing their solitary cup of whatever, had taken up every table in the Starbuck's down the street.  I'd never gone in before because I didn't even realize that it was a cafe.  The front looks like an old, worn-out game store.I'm glad I ventured in.  It's a friendly, neighborhood cafe, and the person behind the counter served a good cappuccino, with a better flavor than the Starbuck's that I'd just left.  There was plenty of seating when I was there (I plopped down in one of the upholstered armchairs against the wall), and they had free wi-fi.  What more could one need?
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,8/18/2012,113,273,15,18,17>Roast chicken doesn't typically get my motor running. I actually find chicken a fairly insipid protein choice in general, and wouldn't go out of my way to eat it.Except wait, no, I would. I would go very far out of my way to eat the chicken at San Fernando. I don't know what they do, or how they do it, but their chicken is ferociously good. The skin is amazing, but unlike most rotisserie chickens the flavor actually goes all the way through the meat. It's juicy and subtle, perfect on its own or spiked with some of the creamy, mildly spiced huacatay sauce. Ignore the fries (fine) and the salad (iceberg), the chicken is worth all of your belly room. If you find yourself wanting more variety, try the lightly sweet fried plantains, or the almost Chinese-tasting lomo saltado. Wash it all down with a bubblegum-y Inka Cola and try to contain your groans of pleasure. San Fernando Roasted Chicken is a gem - even if you never thought you'd like chicken enough to risk your prized Capitol Hill parking spot to get it.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,8/17/2012,18,81,,13,4>What sets this salon apart from many others I've gone to in the area, is 1. The individual pedicure bowl is sanitary and 2. when my nails were being painted, the nail tech also painted across the tops of my nails, something I learned to do years ago on myself to prolong a mani or pedi, but something most salons won't do unless you ask. When we left, for $25 + tip, our feet were scrubbed, trimmed, polished, and softened and painted, and they did SUCH a great job, I can't wait to go back for my next pedi. 5 stars for cleanliness5 stars for outstanding customer service5 stars for the quality of the standard pedi5 stars for the over all experience as a first-timer. Here's why: I had made reservations for myself and two friends to all get pedicures at 5 PM on a Friday evening. When we arrived just before 5, we were greeted by a team of the most friendly nail salon ladies I've about ever encountered, seated promptly in a comfortable semi-reclining chair, and individual, giant bowls of hot water with a slice of lemon (read: Individual bowls are WAY more sanitary) for us to soak our feet in. They brought little tables up to our chairs to set our coffee on, and we spent the next 40-ish minutes luxuriously pampered with an orange sugar scrub and a variety of lotions and massages of our lower legs and feet. Each of our ladies was SO friendly and polite, and there were a couple others getting pedis and or manis at the same time (I noticed that everyone that came in around that time, had an appointment so was glad we had one too). They had either 6 or 8 chairs available for pedis total, so would be great for a small group (don't forget to make reservations), and if you want their signature ice cream pedi, you need to let them know at the time you make your appointment (basically, they have  ice cream "flavors" like chocolate, vanilla, pumpkin pie, I think they're bath fizzies they add to the water and probably the scrubs/lotions too, and that type of pedi is more $ and takes about an hour the one gal said.Things to note: Parking is tough.. it's primarily street parking and street parking in that area of Redmond is kind of nasty, so allow plenty of time to park and walk there. Otherwise, I can't say enough good things about my experience.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,8/16/2012,120,67,8,13,11>Another of my favorite places on the island. Whenever friends or family visit the island, we always take a trip to the Reserve. It's such a beautiful garden, in a beautiful natural setting. The garden is known to be one of the best public gardens in the United States partly because of how well the man made gardens are so well integrated into its natural surroundings. I love spending a weekend morning there, walking though the trails, and enjoying the vast array of flora. They also have monthly events, from plant sales, to concerts, which are always a great time. A must visit on the Island!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,8/15/2012,136,326,6,8,7>What a nice surprise located in Edmonds. Who would have thought?! Apparently this is my family's go-to spot for weekly night eats. I have to say, since going, I am itching to go back. The ambiance of this place is very relaxing. It has a slightly up-scale feel, with a cool relaxed attitude. The food is definitely up-scale. I hadn't looked at the menu prior to dining (odd of me), so I was very surprised when I saw the menu. So many delicious meals to choose from - where to start?I ended up with a simple salad, which was amazing and totally understated, and also the cheesy risotto. The best part of the risotto was this little fired piece of cheese that was sitting a top the mound of risotto. Yes, please, I will take a bag of those! The dish was absolutely amazing. Some other winners were the oysters, and also their version of "Mac'N'Cheese" (it's not called that on the menu, so ask). The dessert didn't disappoint either. We tried 3 or 4 different desserts and passed them around the table. My favorite one was this little donut that is to be dipped in a sweet sauce - it was heaven. You won't be disappointed coming here. I would recommend coming early, because the place got a little packed as dinner went on. A great bistro!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,8/14/2012,168,890,3,22,7>This is such a cool experience! I had no idea that Seattle was building a ferris wheel and then one day, it randomly appeared. Poof!So a secret about this place is that if you go to seattlegreatwheel.com, you can buy tickets in advance to bypass the line. We saved ourselves about 45 minutes on a busy Saturday. The website doesn't currently show up if you google it so it's a little hidden secret. You will cut the ticket line and then wait in a separate line. We walked right on when the line went all the way to the street. It was great!For $13 each, I'd say this is well worth it. Each car is air conditioned which was great as we went on a super hot day. You can fit about 4 - 6 people in each car, I'd say 4 is way more comfortable, 6 might be a little cramped. We got 4 - 5 rotations when we went - you can surprisingly take some great pictures even through the glass walls. Great touristy fun! Buy your tickets online though, seriously!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,8/13/2012,317,381,7,8,8>Highline is now my favorite bar in Capitol Hill.  Let me tell you new reasons why:First off, I'm a meat-lover.  Yes, Highline is vegan, but it's basically pub fare that's vegan.  They don't even pretend that their stuff is healthy.  The faux tuna melt is greasy like a real tuna melt should be - and it's good (despite not completely tasting like tuna).  I've even had their poutine, with non-meat gravy and fake cheese curds.  And that was good too!  Greasy vegan food is good because it's still greasy!  The best part of Highline is Cakearoke on Tuesdays.  They've got a great song selection, an awesome host, and the best patrons.  I mentioned the mumu-bear in my initial review, but I wanted to add that a buddy of mine met his girlfriend there.  The Highline is all about the love!  (or the hookups, however you want to look at it).I mentioned in my previous review that they have shitty local metal bands play here.  That's changed.  The Highline now has a legit promoter (he also promotes at High Dive and King Cat Theater Lounge).  I went to a Saturday night show recently with some touring punk bands.  I'd never seen this place that packed before.  The sound was much better than it was before, and the stage is a good size.  I hope more shows come here, because this is going to be a great place to see small shows.This place is STILL SO RAD.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,8/12/2012,99,124,6,12,10>I admit it, some days I'd rather not go out, I'm uninspired to cook and I just want food to magically appear. Make it simple, tasty, and locally sourced, if possible, please. Is that too much to ask? Not if you stop by Eat Local's newest location on Capitol Hill in the Joule building. No magic wand required, just a few purchases.I was pulled in by the large grassy cow that greeted me at the front door. I spent quite a bit of time window shopping the waist-high freezers stocked with appetizers, entrees, sides and desserts. Shelves also contain granola, crackers, pickled condiments and wines.While I wandered a friendly employee gave me a sample of Jerk Chicken, a nicely spiced slaw with moist chicken. Enjoying that, I picked up a package to take home. You can choose from single servings and package sizes up to 6-8 eaters. Prices seem reasonably comparable if not less than restaurant and take-out/delivery fare: a serving of 3-bean chili, $3.78; single green side, $3.48; jerk chicken in a reusable glass container, $8.83 (deposit returned when you bring in the container). It's nice to have these items on hand for those days when I just want to heat and eat. This means I can save my magic wand for other things..
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,8/11/2012,56,111,11,10,8>Um. How have I never reviewed Top Pot Doughnuts? HOLY CRAP. SO GOOD. WHY ARE THERE NOT MORE STARS FOR ME TO GIVE THEM? IS THIRTY STARS TOO MANY?Let me say this: I don't really care about doughnuts. I like them when they're around, I ate too many of them as a chubby little boy in Indiana, but generally I'd rather have pizza or sushi than doughnuts. However, I craaaaave Top Pot. I think about them regularly. I plan for them. It is an exercise of my strongest will and determination not to eat them if they are around. Case in point: one day I unwittingly ate nothing but Top Pot doughnuts for every meal because there was a box of them in my office and my self control was apparently missing.Unlike a Krispy Kreme doughnut, which is 70% air, 20% sugar, and 10% hype, Top Pot doughnuts are substantial. They are filling and satisfying in a way that most other very fine doughnuts are not. And the flavors are full and not overly sugary (excluding the doughnuts that are actually covered in sugar).Once a month I indulge in my Top Pot obsession (chalk one up for self control). One doughnut in particular is an absolute necessity: the Bavarian Creme. In fact, one Saturday morning they had run out of Bavarian Creme and my entire weekend was ruined. I wish I were kidding about that. Sure, I had other delicious doughnuts that morning, but none can make love to my tastebuds like the Bavarian Creme. Why is it so wonderful? The thick bready doughnut topped with truly tasty chocolate icing and filled with sweet, creamy, custardy goodness is simply a magical combination. I cannot imagine a doughnut that could rival this. Typically I prefer the more airy cream in my doughnuts, but this is something special.My next go-to is the maple bar. It's huge, maybe unnecessarily huge, and is simply a long old-fashioned doughnut covered in maple-flavored icing. Do I need to eat the whole thing? No, that's ridiculous. But do I? Yes, EVERY SINGLE TIME. Other quality options I've tried include the maple-iced cake doughnut and the cinnamon-roll style doughnut, the name of which escapes me at the moment.The coffee and espresso is good but not amazing. I'd certainly choose it over Starbucks. The decor is a modern treatment of vintage 1950's style, and I enjoy sitting upstairs and watching the morning line of doughnut-craving customers gradually and excitedly shuffle toward the counter. The huge windows also offer a nice view of the hustle and bustle of 5th Street.If you haven't tried Top Pot, go. Go right now. Don't buy them at the grocery, go straight to the source. The wonderful, life-giving source of the world's best fried dough and icing. Take your mouth on a long-deserved vacation to Tastebud Heaven. Fill your stomach with man's closest approximation to tangible, physical happiness. Please, do it for both of us.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,8/10/2012,201,351,7,7,8>Those are some darn good pies AND they were open late at night! I'm definitely a fan.My hubby and I were in Fremont for a birthday party on Saturday night and after we left the bar we were in the mood for something sweet. Some friends told us about Pie and said we HAD to go there because the food was so delicious and they were open late. Didn't take much convincing after we've been drinking so away we went. I liked the walk up window they had going on and thought the dude working there was very nice. After a few recommendations, I went with the strawberry rhubarb pie and the hub had apple. As we were waiting for our delicious pastries to pass through the window I checked in on my phone and BAM!!!!!!!! I got an offer for a free mini pie!!! Woo hoo! The dude working there was so nice that he gave us each a free mini pie, just because we rule :)The pies were delicious and just the right amount of sweet. You can't beat a damn pie place that serves you yummy goodness late at night out of window right there on the street. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,8/9/2012,207,130,25,38,32>Aw yeah!  A good Persian restaurant on the Eastside.  I love Persian food.  In fact, if Korean food and Japanese food were to disappear altogether, Persian food would be my go-to choice.  A lot of meat with a lot of rice -- what's not to like?Caspian is tucked away in an office park, so it's hard to find.  But once you're there, you'll be in good hands, with the knowledgeable and attentive staff.  When I told the waitress that I loved Persian food, and that I planned on over-ordering because the only thing better than Persian food is A LOT OF Persian food, you could see the pride in her eyes.I ordered the braised lamb shank, which came with a side of rice -- I highly recommend their dill rice with any lamb dish, as the herbiness of the dill goes well with the light gaminess of the lamb.  It was a large amount of food, but delicious.  The lamb was simmered until it was tender and falling off the bone, and the dill rice, with lima beans, was warm and comforting.  My one critique was that a lighter hand with the salt would have significantly improved what was already a very good dish.My wife ordered the Soltani chicken, which comprises a skewer of grilled, marinated white meat chicken and a skewer of their koobideh (ground beef kabob), served with a side of saffron rice and a large grilled tomato.  The chicken was juicy and tender, and the koobideh was well-spiced and delicious!  I confess that my fork kept wandering over to my wife's dish, as I absolutely love koobideh.Each dish came with a salad and flatbread, along with a plate of red onion and basil.  I used the onion and basil to supplement the already flavorful lamb, and a sprinkle of sumac from the shaker at the table lent an additional layer of tangy flavor.Generally, the food is very good, but if there is one area of improvement, it is to go lighter on the salt.Dinner can be somewhat pricey, while weekday lunch is much more affordable.  Nevertheless, it is difficult to find Persian restaurants, let alone a good one like Caspian.  I will be coming back again and again.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,2/14/2012,23,93,7,10,8>Whoa! So good they don't even need a real sign on the building (it still has the old Chinese restaurant sign on it)!  We came here about 9am on a recent Saturday morning and got lucky that there was no wait.  Sat down at two barstools and proceeded to have the best brunch ever in Seattle.  I had the Hangover- hashbrowns covered in vegetarian gravy (also available with sausage) with 2 eggs on top- an orgasm in my mouth. So good!   The service was great- took a little while for our food to be cooked but you can't complain about that when you can see it being prepared right in front of you and the care and detail that goes into each dish.I can't wait to come back for their late night breakfast!Beware- it's cash only and most of the tables are small, so you're better off coming with a small group.  Kudos to the owner for only taking cash as a way of not dealing with the corporations- way to stick to your convictions!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,2/13/2012,136,326,7,9,9>A dining experience that literally cannot fully be expressed by simple words. Read this with some serious alliteration. I came here with a party of four to celebrate the successes of my mother and one of her clients and good friends. Honored to be a part of this experience, I approached this experience as a totally submissive foodie eager to be taken on a gluttonous ride. Boy was I ever...To start, we approach our table with a framed name tag as the table center, personal purse sized menus to be taken with you upon departure, and freshly picked herbs placed on our napkins. We took a seat, as we were told to, and waited on the 30 minute introduction from the staff. The introduction happened like a broadway musical would unfold. Everyone had a place, a message for the audience, and a some skill to show. It was awesome. Between the introduction where they explain what your 4 hour meal with consist of, we took to feeding the pigs in the herb garden in front of the restaurants. The farm where the animals come from is nearby, but the pigs we feed were just for diner fun. The pig stole our bucket and put a big dent in the side of it, which we thought only added a little spice to the fanciful evening. We walked around the herb garden and sampled all of the fresh herbs to be used in the dinner... Including a couple of hollusinageons (right on!). We returned to the start of the meal that opened with a platter of fresh garden veggies prepared in a variety of ways. I've added photos because I cannot possibly describe all 13 dishes that we devoured. Highlights of the meal were of course the awesome wine pairings from start to finish. I think I had a full glass of wine every time I took my eyes off of my food. Another highlight was watching the chefs prepare the food in the open kitchens. The large kitchen is literally like a stage where you are free to watch for the whole night. I know the menu changes very frequently, which is what makes this meal one that will change your idea of a good meal. Everything tastes fresher, more flavorful, and all the more difficult to not finish. You receive small portions of everything, but literally from salt to meat... Every ingredient is a local ingredient; it makes such a huge difference.Beyond the quality of the food, the quality of the service is the best you will get. The owners of the restaurant also staff and serve. Their willingness to talk with diners about wine or food, or even a random thought is really refreshing. Every time you leave the table, you return to a folded napkin with a new fresh herb atop (I started to collect my bunch of herbs!). Between courses, you are free to roam about. Even a trip to the bathroom is like an entrance too museum. There are things everywhere to observe and people everywhere to guide you along the way. If the food doesn't convince you that the price tag is well worth it, the service most definitely will. Add the ambiance of the whole experience, you will realize you are living in a fair tale for about 5 hours of your life. I can only dream of returning to this exquisite establishment. Your experience here will change the way you think, dream, and experience food... Bottom line. So, when can I move in?
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,2/12/2012,201,351,10,11,10>I know 5 stars is pretty intense and means perfection but that pretty much sums up a visit to Canlis. My husband took me to Canlis on Friday night for my birthday as a surprise. I've heard SO much about the place but usually don't have an occasion special enough to pay a visit. On the drive there, down 99, I had absolutely no idea where we were going. Once we arrived in the parking lot and I saw the Canlis sign, I was so excited. The valet's are speedy, professional and somehow they remember your car without even asking your name. When we entered the restaurant I immediately made a beeline for the bathroom and was blown away once inside. The bathrooms are gorgeous and decorated nicer than my own house. One tip: be sure you dress up because the attire is pretty fancy! The hostess greeted us immediately and because we were early, she walked us into the candlelit lounge to relax while we waited. Since I am pregnant, alcohol is a no-no so I was a little upset I couldn't try any of the great wines they offered. No need to fret though because they offered plenty of delicious nonalcoholic drinks! My sparkling strawberry drink was really, really good!Once our table was ready, the hostess came back for us and carried our drinks to our table for us. The dining room was beautiful, romantic and had one of the best views from a restaurant I've seen. Our waiter came over right away and offered to get us more drinks and gave us some menu's while he described the specials of the night. He was so professional, and called us Mr. and Mrs. and even acknowledged that it was my birthday. We decided on the teriyaki and watermelon gazpacho to start with. While we waited for our food, we noticed the workers were seriously on their game. If someone got up, they came over and refolded their napkin for them. If a party left, they immediately cleaned up the table and IRONED the tablecloth! We were amazed at the attention to detail. So anyways, our food came and not only was it almost too pretty to eat, but when we did dive in, the food was amazing! I ordered the salmon for my main course and my hubby ordered the filet Mignon. We were both pretty hungry so we got twice baked potatoes as well because the menu said they were famous for these! I couldn't even put into words how good our food was. I ended up eating a ton of my husband's steak because although I don't normally eat that, it was the best I've ever had in my life! For dessert we got the chocolate covered chocolate because it sounded incredible. When it arrived, they had written Happy Birthday in chocolate on the plate! BEST dessert EVER. Moist, chocolaty and fabulous without being too rich. I had the best time at Canlis. From the perfect service, to being treated like the most important person in the world, to the wonderful food, everything about my visit was perfection. I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,2/11/2012,477,246,49,39,38>IF COCAINE IS THIS GOOD THEN SIGN ME UP FOR THE CHARLIE SHEEN PACKAGE! This place is seriously insane in the membrane! I had avoided this place for so long because: A. I did not want to wait in a long line B. I was afraid of its magical powers that it could posses over me I finally caved in and stopped by after having a geek-gasm at the Star Wars exhibit! I was pleasantly surprised to only see about 8 people in line before us. I had cash in hand as I was almost certain this was a cash only place, I was correct. It was just my wife and I, I already knew we were going to get 3 sandwiches, one for each and one to share later... I'll be honest, I had no intention of splitting the third sandwich later, I knew we would eat it on our way home. Our order: Midnight Cuban Cuban Roast Smokin thighs All 3 were amazingly delicious!! It tasted as if a wizard ate a unicorn and rainbows and crapped out magic! The flavor profile was perfect, everything about it was great. I found myself wanting extra of everything because it tasted so amazing, but than I thought, this is so amazing because it is a perfect blend of flavors! The bread is perfectly chewy with enough give to be fluffy. You then are smacked in the face with a wonderful Cuban aioli followed by sweet onions. It amazes me at the crisp crunchiness that the romaine retains after heat and pressing. The juiciness of the proteins mixed with the aioli is just phenomenal! This is a an amazingly messy sandwich, but if the sandwich ain't messy they ain't doin right!! I am torn between the smoking thighs and Cuban roast, I cannot decide which was better, looks like I will just have to order both of them every time I go! So the story goes; we ate both our sandwiches on location, I looked at my wife, than looked at the third sandwich than back at my wife. Our eyes spoke to each other as we owned that 3rd sandwich right there on the spot. My wife's excuse? She is actually pregnant, my excuse... it cannot be put into words, just eat it yourself and you will know. I am now forgiving of that silly little missile crisis! This place is my current drug, and they can try and make me go to rehab but I'll be like no no no!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,2/10/2012,386,1001,10,16,16>Eating teriyaki. Most places you go, it's not like eating real food, unfortunately. Any chance the meat and vegetables might have had to resemble genuine sources of nutrition, those are generally cancelled out by white rice, or iceberg lettuce, or, especially, a dousing in gnarly sodium-rich sauces chock full o' additives and preservatives.But some of us like to get good grub cheap and can't quite succumb to fast food. Some of us being people who work too late and don't have dinner sitting on the table when we get home. So to find a place that cranks out credible ingredients for under $10 without making you wait forever, that's a handy resource.Tokyo Stop comes pretty close. The sauce didn't exactly seem scratch-made, and the "vegetables" were an iceberg mix. But the chicken was cooked whole to order, then chopped and plated. This is a distinction that the teriyaki denizen uses to define the difference between "fast food teriyaki" and "restaurant teriyaki." A poor man's culinary Mason-Dixon, perhaps, but TS is definitely in the latter category. With real steamed vegetables, it would be a little easier to get excited, but, in the teriyaki world, those travel in even more rarefied air. What I will say is that the people here are truly super nice, genuinely funny and chatty--certainly more vivacious in English than I am in any second language. The place is clean and there are plenty of tables.But what I really don't understand is how every teriyaki joint in the damn world ends up with the same awful piped-in music. It's always that Delilah show--I am not making this up; I swear I've heard it in a dozen yaki joints. Sitting through Goodbye Yellow Brick Road while I ate was painful enough (sorry, Sir Elton fans), but then to hear that treacly voice emerging from the hi-fi was enough to remind why I go more for the pho now. At least with pho, they almost always play George Winston. Which...why is that?
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2011,2/9/2012,141,414,8,9,9>Ba Bar, yes! Just yes! I have had the pleasure of dining at Ba Bar three times now and they are constantly great. As soon as you enter is seems as if it is just a little cafe with a small counter with a glass case for pastries and an espresso machine. Take a left and you enter another territory. The atmosphere is dark and kind of mysterious. The bar is towards the back of the restaurant and has happy hour. I love the massive chalkboard above the bar listing all their libations. My favorite dish so far is the vegetarian vermicelli. Oodles of noodles, giant mushrooms, greens, and egg rolls thrown in for good measure. Doused with sauce this is a smorgasbord of freshness. The first time I was there my friend ordered the chicken cabbage salad which looked wonderful and that prompted me the third time I visited to ordered the cabbage salad but with tofu. It was as good as it looked. Cabbage julienned with nuts and sauce and bits of tofu. The portion was huge and fresh. In all honesty everything on the menu sounds delicious. I want to eat my way through it sometime!Ba Bar is a step up from your typical Vietnamese restaurant. The food is consistent and the portions are well worth the money. If you ever need late night dining they are open to 3:00am on Friday and Saturday.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,2/8/2012,126,226,11,13,11>A+. Love the place!An impressive carved angel keeps watch from the lofted space above the dining room. I hoped she had come from the prow of a pirate ship... but alas her provenance is more Manhattan and less maritime. She keeps the kitchen moving through orders, keeps the wine flowing, and keeps the hostess on top of her greeting and coat-check responsibilities. After enjoying a three hour dinner on opening night, I suspect that more than one angel is keeping a close eye on this place. To me, the word Altura carries some connotations. It's big. It's uplifting. You get pulled up out of the soggy person who walked down rainy Broadway to the front door. This part of Broadway is waking up. There is thoughtfulness and wit at almost every turn. The seating has been made carefully. The linen on the tables is chosen carefully. The starting lineup was chosen carefully, and they worked so well together.I'll level with you - when I have dinner at this price point I don't have to think about much. You know the hand soap in the bathroom is going to smell nice. And it does. You can just turn your order over to the chef and let him pick what you'll have for dinner. The food will taste good. I was warned that the bar was newly stocked and selection was limited, but they poured Aperol for me without a second glance. This is where the details matter and only you can really judge whether it's your kind of place or not. I'll give you a few more examples -- I appreciated the butter knife and the grain in the wooden board on which the bread was served. I remember seeing metalwork like that at the V&A museum in London. It's a little thing but it was picked out with care. The grain in that wooden board was special. It was made by hand. In the bathroom, a painting of a woman keeps an eye on you. Thoughtful restaurants give you something to look at. This place? They give you something that looks back.I think these little things add up. If you're attentive to detail they will continue to reveal surprises for you. We asked Nathan how often he would switch up the "seasonal" menu. He smiled. "Every week" he said. "I call my guys and they get us the very best that they've got every week." That's an ethic lost on too many places. Of course I hope some of my favorites don't get switched out too fast -- the baby octopus is incredible. Tasty little squigglers. And the lamb is actually lamb served three ways, on a scale from buttery filet to "wow that tastes like lamb." Some of the very best ideas from The Ruins live on the menu too; the pasta preparations in particular gave my wife and I a smile when we tasted the reference. We continue to love The Ruins but quickly remembered what made Nathan's tenure memorable.Suggestions? I think the bathroom doors would benefit from some unisex signage to avoid confusion. Am I a man or am I a woman? Is this the right door for me? After a couple glasses of wine you may ask yourself these questions. I think the pendant lights were a little too bright. They gave us a clear view into the slicing and searing and butter-bathing, but outshone the candles a bit. Balancing the electric lights down would kick up the class. On the website, I'd recommend giving a clear shout-out to the bank's parking lot across the street. It's the closest sure bet, especially in the drizzle. Parking there was easy. For my time and money, I'll point to Altura before Spiga or Spinasse. Machiavelli and Terrazzo Carmine take care of different moods (more quick and more formal, respectively), but I have to tell you that this Altura place is in the hands of angels.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,2/7/2012,267,579,12,16,14>In order of importance:1.  April's head is TOTALLY normal sized - and she's really, really funny.  Not as funny as me, but almost.  2.  April and Nicki are not the same person, nor should their names be mixed up.  I'm sorry - there's a good chance I was drinking... 3.  The new menu has two exceptional additions - The gumbo, which doesn't actually qualify as gumbo I don't think, but it's a delicious combination of mashed potatos, sausage, chicken, and spicy and yummy peppers all co-existing nicely in a big ol' bowl - and the Spicy Chicken sandwich which is probably delicious the way they serve it with Rogue Creamery bleu cheese but since I dislike bleu cheese I get it with gouda and it is AWESOME.  They, however, will no longer allow me to sub mashed potatos for chips, thereby forcing me to get both the sandwich and the gumbo any time I'm eating there.  Tricksy.  4.  They now show certain games and movies on the big screen projector in the expansion room, where I actually haven't sat yet... Probably because it would mean less verbal abuse and condescending pats from the aforementioned duo.  I'm excited to watch the Seahawks lose on said projector, however...... what?  5.  Took me damn near five months but I finally bought a growler now that I know I can fill it up on weekends for nine bucks.  Oy vey.  Yeah, I don't know what else to add right now... Can't wait for them to expand the kitchen and have a full menu.   Then maybe I'll go 6 days a week instead of 4...
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,2/6/2012,99,159,11,20,4>I had been looking for a higher end nail salon for a while, it seemed like either you have to go to a spa/hair salon type place that also has nail service, or you have to go to a typical nail production line place with harsh fluorescent lights and little to no decor.  Yelp came to the rescue and based on the pictures and Polished's website, this seemed like the place I was looking for. So I made an appointment for a Shellac manicure, which promises to stay on for at least 2 weeks and the removal is not traumatic to the nails. That's just my ticket because manicures don't last at all on my nails.The ladies at Polished were super nice, the nail technician was very detail oriented, the salon is super cute and sun-lit. The Shellac process went like this: (1) nail shaping/cuticle trimming/nail buffing, (2) base coat, UV, (3) color, UV, (4) color again, UV, (5) top coat, UV, (6) quick alcohol wipe to the nails, cuticle oil/massage. Normally the cuticle oil/massage goes before the polish steps, but with Shellac, the oil/massage is after because your nail polish is dry and rock hard after the last UV. They had about 16 Shellac colors (which I found out on Yelp afterwards is more than most) and also advised me that salon removal is highly recommended because it will take off a layer of your nails if you try to peel it off.After leaving Polished with my shiny Shellacked nails, I got home and proceeded to: (1) hammer a picture hanger into the wall, and (2) play the ukulele. I live dangerously. With normal nail polish, the manicure would be goners. With Shellac, no chips, no dings, no smears, nails still look like I just walked out of the salon. I can't wait to see how my manicure holds up to rock climbing next week.And oh yes, lots of free 2-hour street parking near by, that is also awesome.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,2/5/2012,184,232,6,12,11>AGAIN... AGAIN... LET'S DO IT AGAIN!!!!I sit here and think, I don't think I disliked anything about this tour. It was fun, interesting, funny, informative, and just a little spooky.  We did the Saturday night, 7 pm tour.... OH ... BUY YOUR TICKETS IN ADVANCE! They usually sell out. We checked in at the office and Heather and Mercedes made us feel welcome.  Heather did the tour and she was great.  I definitely want to go again, and bring my camera.  They encourage you to take pics juuuuust in case you see something spooky.  I am looking forward to going on this again! Lastly, there was one part of the tour that I forgot the name of the person that Heather was talking about 'Dr Hazzard' and I emailed the tour and they responded with just what I needed.  Bravo customer service!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,2/6/2009,22,9,13,9,9>is it weird to be in love with gravy? i want to marry the venus cafe mushroom gravy and have gravy children that will probably end up looking like a garbage pail kid. i will name our love child Gary Gravy. this place has really great brunch for pretty cheap. $5 bloody marys and vegan and vegetarian options. the vegan scramble is pretty top notch and they always have great-sounding specials. oh. and THE GRAVY. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GET A SIDE OF THE GRAVY.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,2/5/2009,331,569,18,17,15>Well, butter my buns and call me a biscuit! Who woulda thought this little joint in ol' Greenwood would have the best breakfast EVAR? Upon entering Pete's you will surely see most of the patrons looking sleepy eyed and wearing pjs. Learn from them. After reading through their menu, which has everything you could possibly want, you're going to wish you were in your pajamas, too. Pajamas allow some breathing room, which is what you'll need after consuming enough to feed four. Also, if you go to breakfast in your pajamas, you can go home afterward and collapse in bed delirious from food coma. So, watch and learn. As I said, the menu is huge. Want sweet? Want savory? Have both! I'm a fan of their breakfast on a biscuit, which is basically the size of Rhode Island. The family who owns and runs the joint is super friendly and are always bustling around making sure everyone is well taken care of. So the next time you get a hankering for some breakfast, roll out of bed and head to Pete's. They're open til 3 for you sleepyheads.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,2/4/2009,15,57,6,8,5>Judy, you get two snaps up in a circle from yours truly!I personally could care less about the authenticity of the food or that fact that some feel that it's geared to a westernized palate.   If you haters think this food is Americanized, try going to a Chinese restaurant in the midwest, where everything on the menu is deep-fried and/or covered with sweet-and-sour sauce.Anyway, I had my birthday dinner here tonight and I luv-luv-luved it.   Another snap for our cheerful, enthusiastic waitperson.  It was a cold, snowy night so we started with a huge bowl of the Beef Noodles.  Out came a huge steaming bowl of rich spicy broth with big chunks of meltingly tender beef and delicious homemade noodles and crunchy vegetables.    We knew we were in for a great meal.We also ordered the Dry Sauteed String Beans with Almonds.  Out came what had to be 2lbs of beans on a plate!   They were definitely not dry, but the beans were crisp-tender, and the spicy thick sauce was delicious and full of crunchy blanched almonds.  These alone with a bowl of rice would have been enough for dinner.  But no, we had to have some of the Jiao-zi boiled dumplings.  OMG they were excellent.  The wrappers were dense, chewy and delicious, and the filling was dense and punctuated with the delicious zing of ginger and scallions.  Not a gloppy torn wrapper in the bunch.   Bravo!We ate way too much.  I couldn't stop myself.  I loved it.  I loved looking at the food being brought out to the other tables and plotting what I'd have next time.  And the time after.Thanks for a great birthday dinner, Judy!  I'm your new #1 fan.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,2/3/2009,175,187,6,9,10>While eating lunch here the other day, my brother and I tried to classify this place in a few words.  Amish Nouveau?  Upper Middle Class Farmhouse?  We decided to simply enjoy our spicy Bloody Mary's and converse while the kid colored and other happy families ate around us.Out platters of deliciousness arrived, and we were as happy as pigs in slop.  The brother had a giant, messy pulled pork sandwich and hot, salty fries.  I had the best bowl of split pea soup and a perfect salad.  It was a perfect lunch for a perfectly wet, grey Seattle day.Brunch here never disappoints, either.  The corned beef hash is homemade and probably some of the best breakfast this girl has put in her mouth.  The sour cream cloud cakes with blueberry sauce are as heavenly as they sound, and the biscuits here are fluffy and light, just like they should be.  Service is fast and usually brought on by a handsome, rough-around-the-edges fella wearing a tie of somesort.That and a cup of coffee?  Honey, please.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,1/31/2009,150,597,11,10,10>When I saw that Gainsbourg was classified as a French bar, the first vision I had was of an establishment filled with patrons garbed in black, sneering at your wardrobe over dog-eared copies of Sartre: "L'américain Stupide a le goût terrible dans les vêtements." Fortunately, that wasn't the case.Instead, Gainsbourg has a mellow vibe and the servers could not be friendlier unless they went home with you. The layout is also inviting with dim lighting, covered lamps at the booths and soft music set to a low volume. You won't need to raise your voice for conversation here. Seating is a bit sparse with booths along one sidewall as well as seating at the bar, of course. In the front, there is a small stove fireplace with couches nestled between the bar and the front windows. Bathrooms and the Lynchian red room are in the back.The beer selection is impressive with six beers on tap as well as about twenty bottled selections, mostly Belgian. This collection is a bit esoteric, but all sounded fabulous enough that I sought to try them all. That didn't go quite so well, but does leave a number of untried beers for a later trip. The first tap beer on the menu was interesting: it was a light ale with an effervescent quality, almost like drinking sparkling wine. The name escapes me, but the knowledgeable server would undoubtedly identify it for you.Although the beer was Belgian, the cuisine was French. Almost the entire menu was interesting and I ended up getting the steak frites. These were excellent, although the steak was a bit gamey. A number of other attractive menu options were also available: ranging from French onion soup to salmon dishes. In addition to the French-inspired menu, there was also the obligatory French film showing during the evening (with subtitles) as well as a map of the Paris metro on the bathroom wall.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,1/30/2009,27,89,8,12,11>This place is AMAZING!Even if you're not the science type who wants to know about the space program or aeronautical engineering, come here for the wonderful history lessons.  The WW1 and WW2 exhibits are breathtaking.Did you know that 40% of those who lost their lives in World War II were still alive on January 1st, 1945?I didn't!  And it blew my frickin' mind.How about the fact that America had some twenty aircraft carriers before we entered the war, and had A HUNDRED by the end?  That's a military industry that means business. No one messes with us and gets away with it.These are just some of the many great moments you'll experience here.  Also, try out a basic simulator game and take control of a biplane and land it safely.  My father (who is as egotistical as I am, if not more so) crashed and burned twice, and I took it for a nice landing. He hated me, and I basked in glory.  It was a nice father-son bonding moment.I still can't distinguish an Axis plane from an Allied plane, despite the museum's several attempts to teach me, but then again, I sucked royally at the memory card game as a child, so there you are...Fellow Microsofties: Show your Prime card here and get admission for just $3 a person, and you can get a friend in for that price as well! Amazing.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/29/2009,118,88,9,13,8>Another pizza place in Ballard?   You've got to be kidding me.... right?  No.There is a new pizza kid in town, and they have a great niche.  Yes, it's take and bake, but this is about as far as you can get from Papa Murphy's! Easy as pie (ha) to order, the folks working the Ballard Zaw were professional and friendly - and explained exactly how to bake the pizza resulting in pizza perfection.  The space they have is awesome - with wine proudly displayed in wooden wine shelves,  plants adorning the walls - VERY aesthetically pleasing.  Although I didn't choose to try their ample variety of beer or wine, I think it's a great idea to be able to pick up pizza AND beer all in one stop!  On to the pizza... we ordered the 'Shroom Fest pizza and an Ironman Salad.  The pizza was VERY rich from the mushrooms - but delicious.  I could only eat two pieces, despite the fact the pizza crust is pretty thin.  The salad was a spinach salad, with from-scratch dressing.  Lots of good toppings!  I think I would prefer the dressing to have been a little lighter, but objectively, it was still good dressing.  I would definitely encourage people to try the pizza here, it's not gloppy with toppings or sauce, and the crust is relatively thin, but not dry.  It feels artisan without overdoing it... and is big on flavor.  Frankly, I'm glad I have a local alternative to Freschetta.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,1/28/2009,71,114,10,10,7>WHOA!!  I have to give it up for the cheapest, best happy hour around!IT'S LONG: 4-7pm every weeknightIT'S CHEAP: $3 wells & micros. $1.50 PBR.IT'S GLUTTONOUS: half off the ENTIRE food menu!!!!!!!!!This means for about $15 I can have a double vodka-soda, a pint of Manny's, and any of the standard bar fare like cheese fries, nachos, random dips, sandwiches, sliders, etc. When my friends introduced me to this heavenly happy hour, I really didn't know what to do. Plus good atmosphere, cute location, some of my favorite badass bartenders, big screen sports TV, festive decorations during the holidays, etc... Oh KATE!!!!!!!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,1/27/2009,64,58,19,12,13>Are you freaking kidding me?!!!  I almost gave the cook my number those hash browns were so perfect!!  Just imagine a gorgeously fried puddle of REAL potatoes.  It only goes up from there.Also. Remember:  seat yourself and $3.50 mimosas in pint glasses.What was that St. Peter?  Better than the crap they serve in Heaven?  I couldn't agree more!!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/26/2009,110,54,41,18,32>Now my sis' is gettin hungry an' Tasha M.'s treatin'We stopped at Pho Cyclo for some Vietnamese eatin'But Pho Cyclo was closed so my sis' started to flipI said "we'll go the other way, we'll stop and eat at Dick's"Now Dick's is the place where the cool hang outHipster staff serve french fries instead of bean sproutsFlocking to the burger stand, it gets so hard to chooseBetween burgers, fries or shakes to soak up all the booze The best drunk food on Broadway, don't be shy when you visitOrder one of everything, your jeans don't need to fit.I love Dick's when I'm drunk.I love Dick's when I'm sober.I love Dick's, period. (And Sir Mix-A-Lot, apparently)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,8/16/2007,59,142,,25,19>I was diagnosed with MS in 2002 and again in 2003 after getting a second opinion and more extensive tests.In short, MS is a disease where the autoimmune system for some yet unknown reason attacks the myelin (a protective protein around the nerves) as if it were a virus. This can happen in the brain (my case) or in the spine and it can happen to anyone. I've never been worried about my condition and I would personally call it a mild case since I'm not disabled by it. There's a link on my website called Music and Multiple Sclerosis with a brief summary of my experience for anyone interested. philsee.com .In the interest of helping or at least providing some hope for people in Seattle or nearby with MS or even those who know people with MS,  I want to tell you about MSAKC. Founded in 1956, this is a local organization that provides hope and valuable services to those with MS. They have five programs that accomplish this and most of those are free (but you are encouraged to donate what you can, if you can). They are as follows:1. Volunteer services - Free and it includes personal assistance with daily chores, transportation, assistance with hydrotherapy and other direct services.2. Educational - Free training to get you prepared for the new challenges that may come along due to MS including getting disability.3. Rehab - In-home & Ocupational therapy including, Yoga and hydrotherapy - Sliding scale fee.4. Social Services including case management,  information and  referral and counseling. Free except for Polly Sullivan (She is pay what you can afford).5. Ariel house. Located in the Admiral District of West Seattle, this house is designed to accommodate people with limited mobility, who use wheelchairs, walkers or scooters or who have other mild to moderate MS symptoms. The rent is basically 1/3 of your monthly income.But don't take my word for it, check out their website and programs for yourself. The above is just the highlights of the programs. MSAKC is rather unique to any other MS organization and I'm glad to say they weren't founded by one of the MS drug companies. They are a United Way Partner agency. I first discovered MSAKC on the internet. I paid a visit to their headquarters in Seattle's Fremont district and met the director and councilors. The people there are really nice and knowledgeable. I was also invited to and attended one of their social events for MS victims and their families. It was a BBQ at lovely Lincoln Park.  I felt welcome, met some great people and had fun.Although I don't need MSAKC's services right now, I am very thankful such a place exists for others and for when and if I ever do need them.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2007,8/15/2007,507,655,10,10,8>Hurry up and visit the Viking b/f it's either torn down or made into a hip bar (Hello, Copper Gate. I see you!)This is the old neighborhood drinking joint that embodies what Ballard used to be, up until about 6 years ago.And the shuffleboard ain't so bad either.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,8/13/2007,0,0,19,14,10>I am in love with Linda! Actually, I've never met her. Have seen her picture and she looks dead sexy, but seeing as I'm a gay man it just wouldn't work between me and Linda. I do, however, have much love for her tavern. I'm a convert. Walked by it many times and thought it looked like a crummy dive, and well, it is, but in a good way!Last Sunday I had both meals I ate that day at Linda's! How's that for devotion?The little bit later happy hour (7-9) is nice, let's you pile in here after happy hour ends somewhere else. Even without it, it's a good place to hang out and great for people watching. All sorts of crowds come here and you never know who you will see.There are few other places on Capitol Hill, save for the IHOP at 2am, that get crowds this mixed.Though a place with animal trophies on the wall, they have vegetarian and vegan options. I love the irony. Only in Seattle can you eat organic tofu under a moosehead!If you haven't had their weekend brunch, well what the hell are you waiting for? Go, go GO!! It's a breakfast fest with a tex mex flair and even some foods on the healthy side for vegans. Plus you've got to love the hangover elixirs. Need some Emergen-C with your Stoli or a whole pitcher of mimosa? They've got it! Brunch is from 10:30-3, but it does get crowded so be prepared to wait. It's worth it though.Check it out, stop in, and tell Linda I said hi, even though she has no clue who the hell I am, I thank her for making this place.PS: Linda could you spruce up the men's room just a tad? A stall door that will stay closed would be a good start.PPS - I am sorry for vomiting all over your back patio table
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2007,8/12/2007,634,500,22,13,4>Me: "Do you guys have any Happy Colon pills? They are for my dog."SSSW (Seattle Super Supplement worker): "Oh, yeah. We have some in back in the fridge. Let me get a bottle for you."A week later:Me:"Do you have any dessicated liver powder? Its for my dog. I'm making dog cookies." SSSW:"Oh Yeah, we have a couple of big bottles back here. How much do you need?"Two weeks later:Me: "Do you have any Dessicated bone meal and brewers yeast? I'm making dog cookies."SSSW: "Oh yeah, in the back. You do know you can't eat the bone meal?Me:"Yeah, its for dog cookies."SSSW:"OK, cool."Three stars for good prices, always having what I need and friendly service. One extra star for not asking questions. Parking is poor and it can be hard to get to if your traveling north on I-99.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2006,8/11/2007,147,161,8,7,9>A rather pleasant surprise here. We've been shuttling to Seattle for years and I'm rather the irreverent sort when it comes to what are considered *the* brilliant and obvious tourist spots. This means no Statue of Liberty, or what have you.Recently, however, my better half treated me to a surprise dinner at this restaurant. I suppose he thought I'd want to jump, given it was my birthday and what some might call a steep "milestone" year. In any case, we were both rather thrilled with this place. A rotating floor which affords a panoramic and spectacular view of Seattle and all her "metronatural" parts. A quiet and dimly lit environment which encouraged fossilised marrieds such as ourselves to play footsies without too much notice. And best of all, an unobtrusive abode which allowed our fagged toddler to sprawl in "King of the Universe" form across tables and chairs in slumber. [Given this age-centric event, my mind couldn't help but fast forward 15 years. The thought of said toddler in a similar position - for less innocent reasons - was enough to stress me into the second bottle of champagne.]I digress...We ordered off menu without incident - I had a fettuccine with wild mushrooms, and my spouse enjoyed wild porcini mushroom ravioli. The bread was fresh and warm, and the staff and chef were most accommodating. Champagne selections were reasonable and diverse, and dessert was an unassuming but nonetheless superbly prepared creme brulee. Afterwards, we proceeded up the stairs to our gratis observatory treat, as our little one suddenly awakened and wildly sprinted round the upper needle Mach 2 as if her hair was on fire.  A family destination place, indeed. Well done...
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,8/10/2007,9,63,10,21,16>I live in Belltown and Flexcar is perfect for me. I sat down and did the math: $100 to park in my building, $100 at least for insurance, $100 for gas/maintenance. That's $300 a month just to maintain the car, and if you want to own something decent, another $200-300 a month for a car payment, so now you're talking a monthly nut of around $600. The kicker here is: I work downtown, so for me, my car would sit there 5 days a week. I use Flexcar on the weekends to run errands and go grocery shopping. There are about 10 Flexcar stations within walking distance of my home, the website is real simple to navigate, and the cars are always available on the weekend.Flexcar has a new pricing plan for the occasional user, where it's $10 for the first 3 hours a month, and after that, it's $10 a hour. My monthly Flexcar bill is $50-60, versus $600+ for car ownership. Hmmm....I can recommend Flexcar without reservation (pardon the pun). This would not be the first time I came off as a shameless Flexcar pimp, but the service really is great.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2007,8/9/2007,251,244,10,13,10>The last time I ate here I was pretty drunk and attending the artifakt show that used to be held in the same building (sorry, I wanted to make sure y'all know I'm not the typical PS club hopper), and it made me happy.Years and years ago when I was a lowly ticketmaster call center employee (argh), I would try and scrounge up money at least once a week to grab a slice and a soda and try to distract myself for 45 minutes from the job o' hell.The pizza is not phenomenal, but it's good, the service is fast and friendly and it's easy on the wallet (still).If you're a pizza snob, I wouldn't recommend it. If you just looooove pizza then really you're obligated to try every pizza place in the greater Seattle area and you better get working on it.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,8/7/2007,704,321,37,17,17>I walked in yesterday to meet some friends at Linda Derschang's new hot-spot with the weird name... "Smith".  It was a wide open room with some open air seating and a nice friendly vibe, which is the one of the commonalities between all of her endeavors. Well... that, and the occasional decapitated deer head.I walk in and one of my friends yells out, "Hey, do you want something off the menu?"Being a smart-ass, and trying to make a witty entrance, I say, "Oh, sure, because Linda's and Kings (two of her other endeavors) are such gastronomic delights!"Then the whole table stops moving and everyone stares right behind me with the widest eyes possible!I roll my eyes, smile, and say... "Linda's right behind me isn't she?"Mouth, Foot... Foot... I'd like you to meet Mouth.The worst part was that the food was actually pretty good! Ass.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,8/6/2007,43,100,11,14,8>I'll admit it, this review will be nit picky. But they brought it on themselves for asking $450 to eat at grandma's knick-knack shop. The food was great, as to be expected, but that's all it was: as expected. No phenomenal surprises, no taste sensations, and nothing that set a new benchmark. Our menu theme was "Truffle Treasures", and the use of truffles felt like more of an afterthought than a driving force. "Let's bring out the greatest hits and shave some truffles on top."The decor was... fussy. Fine for an English tea shop, strange for a world class restaurant. The coup de grace was the little waving kitty cat that poured milk into my coffee from its paw. Wow, just wow.The wine pairings were phenomenal and the sommelier was truly excited about what she had done without being snobby. Kudos to her!I like the slow food movement, I really do. I like smelling the herbs and seeing the gardens and talking to every cog in the machine that produces my meal.  The Herbfarm, however, takes it to another level.  It started to feel a bit like a wedding reception with an army of caterers bringing out waves of food. "Would you like the chicken or fish?" At one point we were left with a plate of tempting treats getting cold as the theatrics of the evening progressed in an otherwise all too silent room to the detriment of those whom were served last for fear of the wrath of high society for "plate klinking". (Diagram that sentence, I dare you.)Overall I'm happy to have gone to one of the world's renowned restaurants that we are fortunate enough to have in our backyard. But if pressed for a formal recommendation, I can think of a number of places I would rather send you to maximize experience per buck.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,8/5/2007,116,228,4,7,7>I am Lame Loser Guy for not getting my sorry butt to TC sooner, despite all the reviews and recommendations. Today, I made up for lost time by getting the Triple Chocolate (so dark!), the Green Tea (so pretty!), the Triple Coconut (so coconutty!) and the piece de resistance (drumroll please!), the Peanut Butter and Jelly.My assessment? It is as they say. Rich, moist and 100% delish. Perfect with the lovely coffee from 1/2-a-block-down Fuel.5 Stars - Tomorrow is another Trophy day, cupcake!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,4/10/2013,99,124,8,14,9>One visit and I'm hooked. I'm already trying to figure out when I can return to Mamnoon for its Lebanese and Syrian menu. The food is flavorful, portions and prices are reasonable, service is decent and the space is attractive. It looks rather quiet and unsuspecting from the outside, but that's just a cover. Once you walk inside, it's a tasteful and tasty adventure. My dining companion and I shared several mezze (small plates), including:- Shamandar bi tahini - grated beets, yogurt, garlic, tahini. This is not your average beet salad, folks. It's bursting with smooth and almost sweet flavor, crunchy texture, and I just wanted more.- Muhammara - walnuts, pepper paste, pomegranate, cumin. It's an addictive spread that has a warm, mellow taste. The pom seeds added just the right bit of brightness and acid.- Labneh - strained yogurt, marinated olives, lemon, garlic. I had not considered yogurt to be a "dipping" sauce as I tend to have it with fruit or honey, but I've now reconsidered. This creamy, smooth yogurt was less tart than Greek yogurt, and the olives/lemon/garlic added a welcome surprise of salty and savory. I'm not usually a doggy-bag kind of girl, but the remainder of this bowl came home with me.We each had a bowl of shorabat adas, a red lentil soup flavored with cumin, fried garlic, coriander and garnished with crispy pita pieces that gave a touch of crunch and salt to the amazing lentils. As well, we received freshly-baked bread, which included a fluffy sesame-topped version that reminded me of focaccia, and a light, whole-wheat pita. Frequently bread is just a vehicle for dips and spreads, but these are great even on their own.  And I can't stop raving about my cocktail: No. 5.  Mamnoon keeps it simple, and names its drinks by number. No. 5 includes bourbon and fig paste, which once I saw those I stopped looking at the rest of the list (sorry, Nos. 6-10!).  If you like to pair your wines with your meal, consider this to be a magical pairing which complements the flavors on the menu. I was with a vegetarian friend, so we kept to the veggie options. However, Mamnoon also has some amazing-sounding meat items on the menu including marinated lamb with pistachio, and beef with allspice. I will definitely return to Mamnoon as soon as possible!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/9/2013,85,374,7,12,11>My first/last/only meal at Rover's was a complete delight! Chef Thierry's creative menus seem based on flavor profiles and textures. I haven't experienced a meal like this on the West Coast.I did something crazy (as the typical steak eater at fine dining establishments) - I went for the vegetarian menu! The meal was incredibly thoughtful and was probably the healthiest meal I've ever eaten. I am almost considering having quinoa again! But I know it will never be the same.My favorite courses were the soups and the winter squash.Everything was beautiful presented, well-seasoned, properly proportioned and flavored. As a dessert lover, the experience was perfectly capped with a symphony of desserts. It's always difficult to narrow down a dessert decision and you don't have to at Rover's.Try to get to Rover's before it closes for good.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,4/8/2013,601,289,10,10,9>first datesusually, when it comes to first dates, i'm ms. cool.  but, with j, i knew that i was going to be a little nervous, so i needed to have it at a place where i could1. watch the seahawks game2.  Have a great beer selection to calm my first date jitters3.  be quiet enough to have conversations but loud enough so our conversation could be drowned out. 4.  have booths so we could sit next to eachother and after researching all the places in tacoma, parkway tavern was the only place to meet my criteria.  It was a fantastic first date spot and was where our romance began.  From cheering on the hawks, to drinking their fantastic rotation of microbrews and eating pub burgers, it couldn't have been a more perfect place for our first date.What's more, is that the bartender and servers were so aware that they filled our water, checked in on us for drinks, but other than that, left us alone.  They were so accomodating and not overbearing, which is such a delicate balancing act. so if you're planning a first date, or even 30th or 1000th, go to parkway tavern.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,4/7/2013,240,145,7,10,12>Aloha [ah-loh-hah] ; adjective Friendly; Hospitable & Welcoming.  This is the perfect description for the staff here at Aloha Ramen! Grabbing a seat in this tiny establishment could be a challenge, so expect a wait.  After a short 10 minutes, we were able to snuggle our way to an open table! The menu was delightfully small and simple, offering you four types of ramen, fried rice and homemade gyoza.  Being the foodies that we are, we chose to go with their combo options.  This allows you to get an order of ramen & gyoza and/or ramen & fried rice at a lower cost.  We decided on the Katsu Tan Tan Ramen with Garlic Fried Rice and Spicy Garlic Miso with Gyoza.  It was Outrageous! We literally cleaned our plates! I did preferred the Tan Tan over the Garlic Miso, only because the miso was sweet and tan tan savory. I have been here twice and on both occasions left with a slight tummy ache due to the MSG.  I am such a fan of Aloha Ramen and will not let that stand in my way, just a little precaution for those who are sensitive to MSG.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/6/2013,33,97,6,11,8>Had an amazing dinner here. It was the soft opening night. Every dish we had was beautifully carefully crafted, served on lavish tableware, and the taste, texture, aroma, everything was amusing.We had beef tartare with spicy pine nut miso topped with fresh egg york, and slices of pear on the side. My Japanese friend was psyched about this because raw meet is no longer served in restaurants all over Japan! The tartare was super-fresh and light. I tried it first without egg, then with dipping sauce, then mixed with egg, and finally all together. Good portion for two or three to poke around and try different flavorings. This dish makes a great conversation starter too.Next we had deep-fried buckwheat tofu in bonito broth. Compared to soy-base tofu, buckwheat tofu has a lighter, more rustic texture, which melts nicely on the tongue after soaking up the tasty broth. Yum!After our third friend joined us we ordered foie saikyo zuke (foie gras grilled in sweet miso) with brussels sprout, sunchoke, soy balsamic gastrique. This was a big hit. The creaminess of foie gras... matured mellow miso... perfect marriage of traditional french and japanese... crunchy veggies juxtaposed to create a nice rhythm... ah, perfect, perfect. During the meal we tried a sampler of infused vodka, gin, and brandy. My favorite is milky vodka that tastes just like sweet peachy candy. There were so many more to explore. Some are peppery, some are minty, garlicky, or bacon-y, If I had tried all of them I probably wouldn't made it to home.The main course was, of course, buckwheat soba noodles. This is the sole reason we went out today. The menu listed 7 cold, 2 bukkake, and 8 hot soba styles. I mean,what other restaurant can offer this much, all made from scratch? Funny thing is all of us ordered soba with duck and leak, and even though we were SO satisfied we still wanted more! We sworn to ourselves that we would come back soon. The flavor of soba transported me to Japan.  (Sobayu was available too!) I am just so happy that people can enjoy these high-quality authentic soba noodle in Seattle.Last but not least... we tried dessert because the chef recommended us ginger-creme brulee and creme puff with house-made green tea ice cream and okinawan kuromitsu sauce. These are just pure works of magic, I'm not a dessert-person but even I would think these are top notch. Please do try if you have sweet tooth.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,4/5/2013,263,1104,13,15,12>30 day challenge review 11/5:Columbia City Bakery will always be remembered for introducing me to tres leches cake. It is seriously moist, soft, milky goodness! Sweet but not too sweet. Nom nom nom.I also like the little touches they have such as coffee in their chocolate frosting for their cupcakes. The cookies were whatever. Also, of course, anyone who has been to any of the number of Seattle restaurants serving Columbia City Bakery bread knows that it's delicious.This place is cute but its crowded. The staff is nice but they don't really have time to chit chat. Whatever- just give me more tres leches cake!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,4/4/2013,375,637,8,14,12>I brought my babies - Kiwi and Bowser - here for the first time today.  Their hair had gotten unruly to say the least.  Kiwi is a cocker spaniel/ australian shepherd mix and Bowser is a corgi.WOW is all I can say.  Kiwi looks like a different dog lol - her hair is so much shorter and pretty!  And they put little bows in her hair.  Bowser looks more like a corgi now - he is a fluffy and always had a fairly unique look, but they gave him more of a classic corgi cut, which is definitely what we wanted, but I've discovered I kinda liked him more disheveled and adorable lol.Everyone there seemed nice, parking was easy, drop off and pick up were easy.  It was expensive imo ($65 per dog) but I think that's normal around here.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,4/3/2013,134,21,11,14,10>The spicy mango roll is magnificent... Definite must try if you haven't done so. The rest of their selection is pretty standard: good crunchy rolls, veggie rolls and sashimi for fairly good pricing. Pros: the view on the lake is phenomenal- especially on warm evenings. Happy hour has a decent selection & good pricing. The seating and ambience are great as well. They deliver for those nights you just need your sushi fix without going out.Cons: you have to pay for parking & they don't validate. When it's busy it's extremely loud- hard to have a discussion when you're packed so close to strangers talking over each other. And random complaint of the evening- just there for happy hour & heard more old school Britney Spears and backstreet boys in the last hour than I have in 10 years... Odd selection for background music at a sushi place :P
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/2/2013,115,109,20,20,16>5 stars.  Damn right 5 stars.  This place is the complete package, especially given the relative paucity of excellent bbq in the PNW.Ordered the 2 meat combo with pulled pork/pork ribs and sides of fried okra and mac and cheese.  I'VE NEVER HAD MAC THIS GOOD ANYWHERE.  I've eaten mac at many a fancy pants establishment but this really sets the bar; garlicky, rich, creamy...sort of like what it makes me want to do in my pants.  The pulled pork was rich and moist but oh god the ribs.  OH SWEET MERCIFUL GOD THESE RIBS.  Ribs so tender you can literally just crunch right through the bone.  You don't even need a knife because merely the suggestion of pressure is enough to make the meat jump ship from the SS Bone Town.  I also ordered sweet tea, which was sweet.  I think that's really the only characteristic it needs.It was early on a Sunday so the place wasn't really that busy but Uncle Mike himself was about conversatin' and such.  Also I swear to god next time I come here I'm ordering like 10 pounds of cornbread.  So money.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/1/2013,109,455,14,14,13>OK, probably this should be a 4 or a 4.5 and not a full 5 but as my tip said 'this may be the best fried chicken to ever visit my mouth' and it's my review so I'm giving it 5 stars and you can't stop me, neener neener.The sister was in the mood to blow her diet with something fried and fattening and thought this place looked interesting.  I thought it looked dark and possibly loud, but was willing to give it a shot.  Dark it was, but the noise level was pretty reasonable, although that might have been because it was 4pm.  Note, they open at 4pm generally but are now doing brunch on the weekend and open at 11:30am those days.We each ordered a cocktail - coconut lime rickey for me and bee's knees for her.  Both were good, but the bees had the edge as the coconut was a little too sweet (although the lime cut it down quite nicely).  She chose fish and chips - two pieces of pretty good fish and pretty tasty fries, which at $12 is a tad high in my opinion but she was happy.  My fried chicken sandwich didn't really come with any sides except the pickled slaw that fell off of the bun, but it didn't need to.  That sucker was MASSIVE, and the poor bun could barely constrain the bird.  I stared at it for a minute just trying to figure out where to even begin.  But once I started, I couldn't stop.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and the breading was delicious.  The slaw/topping had some nice zingy pickle acid in it which was a great complement.  It comes with some of the 'house made' pickles on the side and those were interesting but nothing special...mostly they tasted like very cucumber-y pickles, which makes sense as they were probably pretty fresh and hadn't had a chance to, well, pickle.The bill came to $40 with tip, so about average for a decent dinner for two with drinks.  Our waitress was awesome, checking in on us just often enough, and her attitude was welcoming and friendly, as if she were thrilled to be there waiting on us, which I'm sure no one would be, but it's nice when they pretend.  The nautical theme is a little silly in my opinion, but that's probably because I don't fish and hey, at least it fits the name.  I'll definitely be back for another chicken sandwich!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,4/22/2010,140,456,8,16,14>Gainsbourg is a fun little spot in Greenwood.  It had been in my bookmarks for a while and I'm a bit of a Francophile, so I was excited to visit with a friend recently.  I had a great time, but was a little underwhelmed.The roasted beet salad was tasty but didn't knock my socks off.  The frites weren't anything fancy, but I liked the choice of sauces, especially the remoulade.  My favorite dish was the french onion soup.  It had a rich and hearty broth, topped with a crouton and gruyere--perfect for a chilly winter evening.  Unfortunately the rest of the menu didn't look too inspiring to me that night.  It contained a number of heavy, fried foods, including poutine.I enjoyed a tasty French 75 cocktail, but I was hoping for a little more variety on the drink menu.  It had lots of fruity and champagne cocktails that aren't usually up my alley.  They've got a full bar though, so next time I'll stick to one of my own favorites.The atmosphere at Gainsbourg is fun and the service was pretty good--despite a small mix-up with the bill (which was easily cleared up).  It's a fun spot and worth checking out.  I'm just not sure when I'll be back.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2009,4/21/2010,141,414,15,13,10>After many unsuccessful attempts to find a parking spot then going to Poppy to find they aren't open yet, my mother who was lacking patience wanted to find somewhere to eat RIGHT NOW! I looked across the street and saw Galerias and suggested it to my party. Both said fine. We walked in to find the kitchen merely feet from us which was a bit daunting since we saw three pairs of eyes just staring at us. A man off to the side began to speak to us en espanol and we were escorted to a table. The interior of Galerias is immaculate. I felt as if I was in a mansion nestled in the back country of Spain. Religious artwork donned the walls and there was plenty of gold accents amongst the decor. The point of our excursion was to have food and drinks at happy hour prices. I saw there was a bar in the back. I went up to the bartender who was standing erect with his hands crossed in front of his chest. Our interaction went as follows:Me: "Do you have happy hour?"Bartender: *nods his head yes*Me: "Do you have food at happy hour prices?"Bartender: *nods his head yes*Me: "Do you have to sit at the bar to get happy hour prices?"Bartender: *nods his head yes*Me: "Oooookay, thanks"The extremely friendly bartender had me already calculating my star count on here but I wiped that dirt off my shoulder and came back to the table to find an enormous silver menu awaited me. This thing looked like a book from a fairy tale. The pages were at least a half inch think and it was bound together with huge rings. We dove in and found the menu organized in sections: vegetarian, seafood, chicken, and chile rellenos. While we pondered our food choices chips and salsa were dropped off. The chips were crunchy and slightly greasy just how I like them. I decided to get vegetable enchiladas with a plobano sauce and feta cheese. My sister ordered an enchilada with beef and my mom a tortilla soup.As we waited patiently for our food I eyeballed the food being taken to other tables. It looked delicious. Our food came and I dug in. The enchiladas were yummy. The vegetables were cooked perfectly and the rice, although white with veggies, was great. Sister liked her choice but my mom felt her soup needed more flavor. After filling our bellies my sister and I chanted that we needed dessert.  Our waiter came by with a platter filled with a variety of choices. It was magnificent. I almost shed a tear because all these desserts were so lovely. I immediately ordered the white chocolate cake, my sister went with the espresso cake, and my mom got the cherry chocolate cake. My cake tasted as if it had been in the refrigerator a little too long but after I let it sweat a bit it was heavenly. I tried a bite of everyone else's dessert and it tasted just as good as it looked. I enjoyed my time at Galerias. The food was great and the dessert was a perfect ending to our meal. Just be forewarned that the bartender chooses to be mute.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,4/20/2010,220,284,18,15,15>I've been on a streak of 4 star reviews and I'm gonna stop. This place is redonkulously packed during Happy Hour (also just restricted to the bar area) but the food was absolutely worth it. My friend and I squeezed in and basically swooped down like vultures as these ladies slipped out after just grabbing drinks. Um, lame. EAT!Their entire bar menu is half price and the food came out quickly and in courses so our teeny little table wouldn't groan under all the weight. Warm, seed-flecked bread started us off with this unidentifiable balsamic tasting paste. Then caprese, fried calamari, 1 lb of mussels and mixed antipasto plate pretty much knocked us dead. Word of advice though, don't shell out for the caprese since the antipasto plate has it as well. Along with delish stinky cheese, prosciutto, salami, olives, mushrooms and peppers. And now for the company. You'll be rubbing elbows with the movers and shakers of Seattle. Everyone seems to be there to see and be seen and my friend and I were definitely the youngest, not a bad thing. When I walked back out, I saw 3 different over-the-top flashy sports cars parked in valet so ladies ... if you want to dig for gold, I guess this is the place. Me? I'll just stuff my face!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,4/19/2010,99,124,13,14,16>I wish my living room were like Beveridge Place. Then my living room could be full of friendly people at couches and tables enjoying each other's company. My guests would be drinking a variety of beer, wine and cocktails, with dogs by their sides.  Occasionally my guests would play board games and trivia, and host groups of smart Yelpers with goofy team names.  But my living room is not like this, so I will have to return to West Seattle again soon to enjoy this warm and welcoming space.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,4/17/2010,168,209,27,12,13>Do not come anywhere near here when you are with women. I repeat, STAY AWAY from Izilla if you ever hope to find a date.If you don't heed my warning let me tell you what will happen. You'll walk down the stairs to Izilla and see the most awesome giraffe ever! He'll have on a nice scarf and tie on and be ready to have a conversation about any of the great issues of our times because he's just that smart. Read a good book lately? He'll have an informed opinion on it. Going through a rough patch? He'll see you through cause he's just that kind of guy. And what will you do when you meet one of the cutest animals that you've seen in your life? You'll jump up and down and smile like a 4 year old. And you'll completely forget that there are people around you. But you won't care because Mr. Giraffe is that awesome.Then all the women you care about will leave you and you'll be doomed to be a bachelor your whole life. Just like that poor George Clooney guy who can't seem to get any women.Please, please heed my warning. And if you don't, don't say I didn't warn you. The women around you may say it's cute that you are 4 years old but just remember they are really laughing at you on the inside.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,4/16/2010,290,437,11,12,11>Many moons ago, I tried Korean food for the first time. I remember it well -- the boyfriend, myself, and our guildmates hit up this spot on Saturday night after a siege [oh yeah! a winrar is me!], and all was well. That was the first time I had pork bulgogi... and from that moment on, life would never be the same. The cravings for Korean would never be satiated -- the thought of banchan and a sizzling hot platter of meat in front of me has always been in my mind when I think "what should I eat today?"So when a day off and a need for comfort food happened to coincide, one Facebook status update later I had a dinner date with Gwen C. to check this place out. This was my first time going since the name change, but the food was still the same to-die-for deliciousness it's always been, served to you on a cow-shaped plate. The server was lovely, and listed all the banchan as she placed them on the table [I just eat everything that comes out, but I appreciate being told, too! Makes me feel special, haha]...Two huge platters of meat, tons of banchan and some darn good conversation and service for only $35 before tip? Makes me glad I moved back to Haller Lake! Swoon. More FB status cries for dinner companions will undoubtedly come soon...
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,4/15/2010,37,230,7,16,12>I had a friend up from San Francisco who is well versed in wine and is quite used to the Napa and Sonoma scene when it comes to wine tasting.First tasting room visited on our day tour of wineries in Woodinville and she gives me a look, asking what is going on and what are you getting us into, as we pulled up to an industrial  business park building...All this aside Distefano is DEFINITELY worth the visit.Upon walking into the small tasting room, you would not believe you were in a building that was part of an industrial business park.  They did an excellent job setting up the dimly lit inside environment to make the most enjoyable space to sample the wine.Donna, the owner and granddaughter of an Italian amateur wine maker, is quite pleasant.The woman who served was very knowledgeable and eager to tell us of the wines available.  She was also very accommodating when taking pictures of my friend and me to get the best background possible.  For the wines, absolutely amazing and definitely worthy of the many acknowledgements that they have received both in Washington (named Washington winery of the year) and California ("2005 Viognier in the Top 100 Wines 2007" San Francisco Chronicle)  along with making the list of Top Values by Wine Spectator.  We walked out with a couple of bottles for my friend to take home to San Francisco.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,4/14/2010,124,582,10,16,20>You know in a movie, where the lady goes to a nice bar with a handsome man in a hat, and they have stylish cocktails and lovely glasses of wine, and cheeses like Morbier (with candied walnuts) or little baguette slices covered in tiny dices of tuna confit drizzled with basil oil? And it's just a little dark, and kind of quiet, the kind of place where the lady and the handsome man can sit inside on a rainy early evening, and the lady feels at home with the long draping lamps and the dark bar, sitting next to the handsome man on the leather-covered banquette?It's like that....
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,4/13/2010,150,597,21,8,16>As in multiple aspects of life, I believe that there is a hierarchy of pastries. A pastry pyramid, if you will. At the bottom of the pyramid are the donuts. Workman-like, produced in mass quantities, quick to eat; these are the drones of the pastry world. Next up in the pyramid are the pies and biscotti. Usually a little more ornate than the donuts, these are still more finger foods and the type of deserts that show up at picnics. Closer to the top are the cupcakes. These are the dainty divas of the pastry world. Adorned with sprinkles and frosting, these preen, invite adolation and tend to be worshiped. But cupcakes are smaller, bite sized food and they're a little insecure because they are not.....Cakes. The masters of the pastry pyramid are the aristocracy of the desert world. Ornate confections that can be seen at weddings and tower over the assembled guests. Note that there is a moment of hushed silence when the bride and groom cut the cake. The silence isn't about the wedding party, it's in reverence to the cake. Notice how couples will even save a piece of the wedding cake sometimes: they can't bear to eat all of it.Anyways, my point here is that donuts are the silent workhorse of the pastry world. Your everyday coffee and donuts. The donut punches the timeclock Monday through Friday and even works weekends. But Mighty-O Donuts speaks of a pastry revolution! For these donuts are ambitious strivers; watch out for these social movers. Personally, I'd say that it would be an upgrade to have Mighty-O Donuts at a wedding than some boring multi-layered cake.Why do I say this? Well, I've had the donuts before, they can be found in a number of coffeeshops, but I hadn't actually made it to the store. The above paragraphs are, of course, foreshadowing. One day I did happen to be by the establishment and wandered in for a donut or two. I didn't realize the variety that they had: chocolate with nuts, plain, strawberry I've had before, but I hadn't seen the Don King (chocolate with coconuts), Rum Glazed and Peanut Butter before. So of course I had to try them all. And I can say that there are no bad flavors and my favorite was the Peanut Butter donut. The donut is soft and rich in texture with the sugary-sweet topping reminiscent of a cake (sorry!). The Rum Glazed is more of a souped-up glazed donut, the coconut is a great afterthought on the Don King. Mighty-O's location is also great: it's a little small inside, but has a few seats and looks out confidently on an intersection just south of Greenlake. I can easily see grabbing coffee and donuts and strolling down to the lakeside. The latte was also well done here, I just can't find anything to complain about.But I'm not sure if I can ever come back. I don't think I have the self-control to keep from leaping the counter and just shovelling all the donuts in the display case into my mouth. I wouldn't even be able to get away because I'd no longer fit through the door. I'd just have to go back inside and roll up in the display case, cover myself in coconut toppings and sleep it off.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,4/12/2010,262,106,26,28,26>Okay, here's what you need to do: 1) Wobble on down to the Fremont Sunday Market (The address above is just for their print shop) 2) Uncover the mysterious Choke Shirt Co booth (It's really not that hard to find, I'm just making it sound elusive) 3) Say "hello/hola/bonjour" to Matt and Jeff (Though they might not understand the latter two) 4) Purchase an amazing hoodie for a mere $35 (Less money than an hour with a dirty hooker!) 5) Wear said piece of clothing and have friends, family, random strangers, pizza makers, priests, teachers, bartenders, police officers, and your mother compliment you on how amazing that new piece of apparel looks. (True story!) But in all seriousness: Choke Shirt Co kicks some ass. They make some rad designs, slap them on the softest-friggin'-hoodies-EVER (of the American Apparel kind) and then practically give them away for thirty-five dollars. Now you are more than welcome to give their t-shirts, polos, scarves - even baby clothes - a try... I'm just particularly enamoured with the hoodies. So much that I purchased some for the whole family! Really! The guys that run this little shindig are super nice and are even able to accommodate a custom shirt color if one desires. Plenty of choices to choose from at their booth, but if you are completely anti-social and hide under a rock - they offer the convenience of online ordering to boot. Moral of the story: If you want to look as good as I do AND have attractive people remark at the softness of your clothing when they "accidentally" graze your arm - then follow the steps above, rinse, and repeat.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,12/12/2012,267,579,11,13,12>Nine dollars for lunch usually means a half this and a quarter that... yesterday's bread... Not the case at Naan n' Curry!  Full sized portions, delicious naan, delicious lamb palak gosht, and yummy salad which I would normally just leave on the plate.  The owner also told a guy who asked for fried chicken that he wouldn't enjoy his lunch there and that he should leave.  Hilarious =)  He was clearly joking but he did a good job of making the guy balk a little.  This will certainly be one of the regular places I go for lunches away from the office.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,12/11/2012,466,877,12,26,17>I really like this new place! They just opened on Sunday, 7/22. I noticed it driving by yesterday and decided to stop. I'm so glad I did! The restaurant is definitely a hole in the wall but is nicely decorated and clean on the inside.The owner is very friendly and busy taking orders and delivering the orders to each table. Their menu is heavily Mediterranean but they have several Indian items, too. They are advertised as a halal establishment. I liked this place so much I came for lunch yesterday and today! Yesterday I had the Lamb Gyro ($5.99) and today I had the Chicken Gyro ($5.99). Both were excellent. The meat has great flavor. The only suggestion I'd have is for there to be a bit more tzatziki sauce in the gyro but that's just my personal preference. The flavor is delicious. Not too heavy, not too salty or greasy.The pita the gyro is wrapped in is tasty and soft.For the grand opening they are offering free Greek fries and a soda with a gyro/sandwich purchase. I'm not sure how long they are offering this deal but it's a steal. The fries are yummy.I can't wait to come back and try more menu items. It's so dangerously close to work! I could easily come a couple times a week but for my own good I'll probably try and keep it to once a week or so. :)I really hope they do well in this location. From what I've sampled so far they have excellent, fresh tasting food at a reasonable price. I'm happy they're in the neighborhood!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/10/2012,77,352,7,11,8>Oh my god, how to describe the juicy awesome-ness that is Katsu burger. I am not a huge tonkatsu fan, so everytime that I have gone I have gotten the same thing: the ohayo gozaimasu) which means "Good Morning". Bacon, fried egg, lettuce (or shredded cabbage, don't remember too well), and a whole bunch of sauces I choose not to have because I am somewhat sauce averse, on a deep-fried burger patty, on top of a giant sesame seed bun. Figuring out how to eat it can be challenging, but worth it. Man, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Sooo tasty. The shop is pretty small, not great for a big group unless you are taking it to go. But the decorations are awesome, Japanese advertisements all over the place. It's extra fun if you can read Japanese/are familiar with Japanese culture. They have a variety of toppings and sauces, and I think you can get pork (the tonkatsu option), tofu, or beef as your deep-fried patty option. Love it!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,12/8/2012,99,124,12,8,10>Crumble and flake is what happened to my willpower when I walked in the door. I was enveloped by that essence of baked goodness (mmmm, butterrrrr), and just stood there deliberating what to take home. It was like walking into one of those beautifully arranged photos you see in blogs or Pinterest, where the goods look so perfect, so tempting, that you want one of each. Or maybe the whole case.  Fortunately, the patient folks behind the counter seemed to expect this, and smiled while I tried to make my decision.I selected an apricot thyme scone and am still thinking about it. Just the perfect texture, and the right size, with just the right amount of thyme to give it a hint of herbiness. I should have taken two. A lemon macaron also made it into my little bag as a treat "for later," but that's not happening. Half a macaron sits on my counter, tempting me. The delicate melty cookie surrounds a not-too-tart filling. That won't make it past lunchtime.It's lovely to have a real bakery in the neighborhood! (*wipes crumbs off chin*)
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,12/7/2012,239,280,5,8,9>We read. We voted. We went.We have a fun little foodie group and schedule regular meet ups to go try new places. This month we decided on Belle Clementine. The Seattle PI recently covered Belle Clementine and inspired us to go so we voted then made a reservation for our group which consists of 3 vegetarians, 1 pescatarian and 6 others who will eat anything and everything. Yup, not the easiest group to accommodate all the time, especially at a restaurant which has a pre-determined menu. Well, we were in for a surprise...   We walked in and saw only three long tables which seated about 10 people each. We also saw an open kitchen in the back with two people cooking. At first glance you could instantly tell the setting was intimate and charming. Had we not had such a large party it would have been clear to us that we would have shared our table with the others in the restaurant which is always fun, too. We were seated by the host and shortly after that and our drink orders were taken. An appetizer of crostini with a cream cheese-like spread and cucumbers came out for us vegetarians while the others enjoyed salmon in place of the cucumbers. Shortly after that, the chef then came out and described what we would be having for dinner that evening as there is no menu. Since the setting is so intimate he was able to explain each item in detail to all three tables at the same time. The meal began... A delicious black lentil soup with creme fraiche, peppers and cilantro came first, along with our main entree of braised rabbit and greens for the carnivores and seasoned blasted broccoli for the vegetarians! For dessert we had a dark chocolate brownie and homemade nilla wafer blueberry sandwich. Everything was so fantastic!  This was the perfect place for our foodie group and we unanimously loved it here!I love the local food, the creativity by the chefs, who also invited us to explore the open kitchen while they were cooking which we did and we asked questions throughout the night which they encouraged. You can buy some of Belle Clementine's home-made jams and other goodies there too!For $40 which includes all of your meal, 1 alcoholic drink and tip = amazing deal for the experience you get! Since the meals changes often, I am SO looking forward to coming back here! The brunch they offer looks equally tantalizing. What a wonderful little find right in Ballard for food lovers!One note of advice: if your party has any dietary restrictions let them know prior to your reservation and tell your party to stick to their preferences since they plan for ingredients carefully that day.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/6/2012,55,346,21,21,19>Those that know me, know that I take my carbs very, very seriously. I'm a bit of a diet fanatic during the week and I don't like wasting precious calories and appetite space on mediocre food.That said. The Wandering Goose is totally 100% worthy of every single mile I have to run to burn off the deliciousness they churn out! Biscuits and baked goods (quick breads and cookies especially) are my kryptonite, and the biscuits they dish out here are literally the size of my fist (seriously, I uploaded photographic evidence!)Taking an initial bite, I thought the crumb was nice, not too crisp but providing enough texture to contrast against the perfectly moist, slightly buttery-salted interior. This is the stuff of biscuit-dreams, folks.The full cafe breakfast menu is available at 8AM but the cafe itself is open at 7am, serving up baked goods, biscuits with butter & jam, and caffe vita espresso. I even spotted local celebrity and baking goddess Dani Cone, who made my americano this morning!!! (i'm still a bit starstruck, *blush*)I guess I'll have to start running even more to counter-balance all the pit stops I'll inevitably be making here, but it's oh-so worth it.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,12/5/2012,76,510,11,15,12>I'm a believer.Four pizzas for four people. Demolished.Mushroom/truffle pizza - Yummy, my favorite of the group. Definitely tasted the truffle in the cheese. Usually not having enough truffle flavor is a gripe of mine but they did it well.Sausage - Next fave. The tomato sauce was perfect! A little sweet, a little tang. Sausage had good seasonings.Clams - Plenty of clams. Nice hit of flavor. A little bit of lemon, herb, and salty pancetta to balance it all. Duck egg - The egg was hiding under a huge pile of arugula. I found it though, winner!  But then it oozed off my plate onto the table because I had assumed we already broke the yolk. D'oh. Kind of hard to eat because the arugula wasn't chopped. The hub liked the large handfuls of arugula but he has a big mouth. The crust was amazing. I usually leave the end crust when I have pizza, but not this time. Every crumb was eaten. Regarding pizza size, they were rustic, hand-formed rectangles on planks. One per person would be kind of a stretch to eat but we were starving, so it wasn't a problem at all.Corkage fee was $15 or $20, either way was a fair charge. We brought a nice bottle from Walla Walla to share. Communal tables were perfectly fine. Conversations were at a low hum, as it was a laid back Saturday night (within their last hour or so of service). I feel very fortunate to have experienced Serious Pie when it was more low key than the loud crazy crowded long wait during their day hours. Or maybe we were just lucky.I want to go back. If not to eat-in, take something out. They were serving plenty of pizzas to go that night.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,12/4/2012,113,273,22,22,24>There are so many things I love about you, Altura. I love your complimentary orange juice and Campari aperitif and creamy sweet corn panna cotta with steelhead roe and onion flowers amuse bouche. Baby, your cold-smoked kampachi crudo with anchovy, peppercress, horseradish-lemon emulsion, and toasted brioche crumbs is intoxicating. And your grilled octopus? With that butter bean purée, Maltby cucumber, cherry tomatoes, and Calabrian chili - well, darling, I just can't get enough. Your silky foie with cocoa nibs, mint, fresh and pickled cherries, currants, and brioche toasts is heaven. And oh, sweet thing - how I adore your cavatelli with duck sugo and chanterelles. As if these weren't enough reason to love you for life you've also gifted me your rack of lamb with raddichio, seared turnips, turnip purée, and pear mostarda. You're the one for me, baby, you and me always. Your wine pairings are exquisite. Your pacing - superb. And oh my god, is that what I think it is? Are you...are we...three complimentary desserts with after-dinner drinks? Yes! Yes, Altura, I will marry you! I will treasure you as long as we both shall live. I love you.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/3/2012,416,153,15,19,15>It's been about a year since my last visit to Toulouse Petit, and it's time to jack up their star rating, as they've clearly gotten their consistency issue very much under control. We ordered loads of food there tonight: the crawfish beignets, the rabbit salad, slow-braised bacon (I know; it's almost corruption, on a plate), a porterhouse steak, cheese plate, and a boar/duck/pistachio terrine. It was all impeccable, and the service was on rails (thanks to the tall Dolph Lundgren-looking server for the dessert and for the flawless, helpful service. He even retrieved spare reading glasses for me: the place is VERY dimly lit, as ever, so all you people in bifocal denial, don't forget your readers). I remember the tomato-based sauces tasting very simplistic the last times I was in, but that was not the case tonight; the ingredients and flavors were in full swing; intense, and not solely from a spice jar. The weakest item in the lot--the crawfish beignets, was still delicious but not as delicate as the rest; they felt a bit heavy and oily, but even so, they had generous bites of crawdad in them, and if you're doing lots of smaller plates, I'd still recommend them for a toothier, heavier and more substantial counterpoint (especially if you're worried about not leaving hungry). Even shared with three people, one order of these will give you the meal density you need.It's always impressive to me when a salad is so flavorful and interesting that it holds its own on par with arguably more decadent dishes, and this rabbit salad...holy shit. Just get it. It was PERFECT. The English peas were plump and unbelievable; the rabbit was darker-meat tender and gorgeous, the salad had tons of texture between the snappy peas, the pistachios, and the arugula, and--as if it weren't enough--it was capped with a panko-fried soft boiled egg, parted in two (also appreciated because in addition to the heightened visual presentation--yes I felt genuinely excited by this--it made for easier sharing). Seriously this salad was mind-blowing. You will never need to qualify your salad order with an "I'll just have a" before it again. This salad isn't the least you could have, it's the best. Get in the car, you unreasonable, seasonal rabbit salad, and don't do anything except just be you.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,12/2/2012,140,361,5,9,5>I really like this place. Leading a hectic life which commonly leaves me in the office during dinner hours, I have become a conneuisseur of microwaveable meals, and the ones I've gotten from Eat Local rank right at the top. Tastes like home-cooked and for ~$9 per healthy, reasonably-sized, ultra-convenient meal, they give excellent value. I would like nutrition/calorie info added to the packaging, though - isn't that like, legally required? Oh well. Try the Beef Bourginon, it's delectable!Update 9/29/12: Great news from the friendly owner: "We are working on the nutritional labels and hope to get there soon. Sorry we are not there yet. Starting at the end of October we will have a book at the check out desk with nutritional information on many of our dishes. Our aim is to have nutritional information on all of our entrees." Awesome, thanks guys!!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2007,4/14/2007,615,688,9,12,10>An elegant place to dine with a beautiful modern, yet warm decor.  A lovely menu of unique and familiar choices.  But clientele that borders on Pioneer Square bar hoppers.  For gifts, I like to give experiences.  So for anniversaries, birthdays and any celebration don't expect something tangible from me.  I usually spend a week or two planning a whole day or evening of fun, unique experiences.  So was the case in the Purple Cafe.  After investigating all the frofie (pinky in the air) restaurants in Seattle, this restaurant deemed to be the most edible.  Sorry, I don't eat garbage parts and refuse to pay $50 for the experience of eating liver.  Purple offered us a much more interesting and enjoyable menu.  Reservations the same day were easy.  We got a lovely table near the window and probably one of the more isolated ones, which I appreciated.  The spiral staircase was breath-taking and the seats and table themselves were comfortable.  The waiter was well behaved and punctual.  However, the people around us were just obnoxious.  A table of 40-50 year old moms drinking way too much wine and laughing like a bunch of drunken sailors.  The 30 something table of couples wondering if they could afford to eat there.  And frat boy chic hitting on barbiesque creatures at the bar.  And all of them were loud, taking away from the romance of the evening.  Perhaps it was that it was 8:30pm on a Saturday.  But around 9:30 most of them had left and we got to enjoy our dessert in a refreshing atmosphere.  The entrees themselves were lovely.  Pork tenderloin, which felt like a very German dish and lobster mac and cheese which seemed small but was quite rich.  Of course a syrah brownie and some French press for dessert.  All very good.  The wine was lacking though.  Paying $10 for a half a glass of wine just didn't sit well with a place claiming to be a wine bar, especially when it wasn't a top blend wine.Overall, a good experience.  But I would never have a romantic evening here.  The crowd just isn't that appealing and having a conversation with a loved one is near impossible.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2007,4/11/2007,219,1274,18,12,7>The beach is a gem with astonishing views of the immortal landscape of mountains and water.I haven't wandered the beaches with bonfires in the summer, so I can only speak to the winter experience of jackets, brisk winds, and mountains peeking out from the mists.  There is sand here where some kind of perfect tidal position arises and pebbles in other areas with more direct positions.One thing to watch out for is people showing up with bread.  The gulls know what time it is when they see a bread bag, and everyone in the area gets a treat of white hail from above.  Thanks for including me in your greasy gull squeezings festival, kids.  I appreciate how you followed me around for a few minutes and brought all your gulls with you.  I'm sure it'll wash out if I pony up a couple thousand dollars to get my coat drycleaned.  Thanks again!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2007,4/10/2007,130,114,6,15,17>My soul would not be nearly as gothic as it is now if it weren't for C-89. See, I had moved to Port Orchard, WA from Long Beach, CA in 1994 or so. In Cali I had been a huge NIN fan and was flirting with other music in the genre such as Ministry, Nitzer Ebb, and a few other bands.After moving to Port Orchard I quickly found out that Kitsap County is not the most happening place out there. Luckily, I discovered C-89, a top-40 dance station that operates out of Nathan Hale High School in Seattle. During the week C-89 plays strictly cheesy gay techno from the mid-1990s, but on Sunday nights DJ Paul Alleinkoff mixes it up with his "On The Edge" program, playing the newest gothic/industrial from 6 pm to midnight. I used to record nearly the entire program on cassette tape, and then I would spend hours re-editing songs onto new tapes.Eventually, I discovered that my favorite song was a little number called "Soylent Green" by the then-unknown :Wumpscut: At the time Rudy R.'s albums were nearly impossible to find in the U.S., but I persevered and got the entire back catalog fairly quickly. And the rest is history.I don't understand how a station run by the Seattle Public School system can have a strong enough signal to reach Port Orchard. They even have their own website! When I briefly attended ASU the running joke was that you had to walk around campus with a boombox to hear the campus station. Its signal limit was something like 200 feet (no joke).Its very cool that Nathan Hale has its own station and that the students get to participate in the programming and in the day-to-day operations of the station. I don't listen to "On The Edge" as often as I should, but I think it's awesome that Paul Alleinkoff is still going strong after all these years.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,4/9/2007,53,99,19,16,15>Backstory: I have a freakishly small mouth. Hard to believe, I know. But I've had dentists and orthodontists confirm this fact time and time again. "Can't you open your mouth any bigger?" they all ask as they try to squeeze their freakishly giant man hands into my petite mouth. "Wow, your mouth really is small!" And then I imagine them uttering under their breath to the hygienist, "Her poor husband." In all seriousness, my small mouth does sometimes hinder my eating experiences, especially when it comes to sushi. I first tried sushi on a first date, which proved to be a bad idea. Picture me and my freak mouth trying not to gag on a giant piece of raw something as my date looked on in utter horror. Needless to say, I never really recovered, and hence, rarely want to go for sushi. A definite bummer for the husband who can't get enough. Sushi, that is.Oh, and to boot, I'm a complete chopsticks retard, too.But the stars and planets aligned the other night, as I found myself with supportive fellow Yelpers Jaz and Ian AND in want of sushi. We decided to try Sam's Sushi, a little place just off the main drag in Ballard. Even though we got there kind of late for dinner, there was still a line nearly out the door. A good sign, we thought. Upon realizing that they don't take names for a waiting list, we witnessed some of the natives getting restless as we all stood in line, single-file style. Hipster guy: Is there a wait list?Me: I don't think so. You just wait your turn.Hipster guy's wife: *quietly to her hipster husband* Go see if there's a wait list.Me: *rolling my eyes* I'm pretty sure you just wait and they'll seat you when a table opens up.Hipster guy: *heads over to cash register area anyway*Eventually, we were all seated, and thus began our sushi experience. Lucky for me, my husband and friends didn't make *too* much fun of me as I tried my darndest to get the rolls into my mouth in one bite. I pretty much failed every time, collecting a small pile of rice and other discarded ingredients on the plate in front of me like a toddler. But it was fun anyway, and the rolls were really good. My favorite of the night was the Red Dragon roll, which featured tempura shrimp and this amazing spicy aioli on top. Though, as we oohed and ahhed about the sauce, my food scientist/former chef husband reminded us all that it's just mayo and Sriracha hot chili sauce. Well, fine, but it really made the roll that much better, silly gastronome man!We also enjoyed some warm sake and Sapporo while noshing on edamame, tempura and some nigiri, including uni (sea urchin roe) and unagi (barbacued eel). I witnessed Ian ask for six orders of ebi, in which I immediately thought to myself, "Ian, the ocean called. They're running out of shrimp." Actually, I thought of that after the fact, which is quite apropos if you're a Seinfeld fan and know which episode I'm quoting here. In the end, we were full from the food and happy from the alcohol. In fact, I had such a great experience at Sam's, I found myself wanting more sushi a couple days later. Perhaps some sort of insatiable sushi portal in my brain was opened up upon eating at Sam's? My husband can only dream ...
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2006,4/8/2007,122,165,10,10,12>I remember going to church with my family, a good little Catholic girl blending in with all the other guilt-ridden folks making the weekly trek to listen to our pastor's sermon. Sometimes, I felt the pastor spoke eloquently. At other times I would look around and wonder, "Am I the only person in this room offended by this man's diatribe?! Why don't these people say something?!" But no one ever did. They showed up every week, sat quietly, then cut each other off in the parking lot while trying to high-tail it out of there.Fast forward to last night, when I found myself at the 5 Spot. I've been there many times, mostly for breakfast. Sometimes I have a very pleasant experience: not-too-long a wait for a table (but I *always* have to wait), quick and friendly service, great food. Other times, I'm disappointed. Last night my group of four only waited about 15 minutes for a table, though the eight-person group showing up at the same time we did looked disappointed upon hearing they wouldn't be seated for over an hour. But no one said anything.We were seated in the bar, so the ambiance was extra noisy. It was a while before we got our menus. We contemplated what we wanted to eat, decided, and then chatted while we heard the cooks scream, "ONE FRIED CHICKEN," which meant they were almost out of the dish. Glad I didn't want the fried chicken. When the waitress showed up to take our beverage order, I was thankful we decided to order our food also, since it took her 15 minutes to get to us. No one said a word, however.Not much on the menu I can eat due to my gluten-free dietary restriction and pesonal aversion to slabs of red meat, but the glazed roasted chicken fit the bill. Before we finished ordering, the dreaded words came, "OUT OF ROASTED CHICKEN!" Sh*!. I ordered a cobb salad. I didn't say anything, but my friends could tell I was bummed.The bottle of sauvignon blanc we ordered was brought to the table shortly after we placed our order. The server didn't pour wine very well, but no biggie. The wine, however, wasn't very cold, and the bottle just sat on our table getting warmer by the minute. Again, no one said anything.Much later the food arrived. The other three at my table said they enjoyed their meals. Me? Well, the lettuce in my salad was okay. Lots of bacon. Plenty of egg. I could hardly taste the balsamic vinegar. The tomato was a little mealy. The turkey was dry. I didn't say anything. Until now.I realize people love this place and don't mind waiting 1/2 hour for a table. I also realize the 5 Spot is one of several restaurants within the Chow Foods line-up. A good friend of mine used to work for Peter & Jeremy, owners, and she went on-and-on about how wonderful they are. But you know what? The bottom line is the wait was average, the table was below average, the service was below average, my food was below average, my friends' food was above average, the bill was average. As a child I may never have vocalized disagreement over my pastor's sermon, but thanks to Yelp I have a place as an adult to vent my disappointment over the 5 Spot.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2007,4/7/2007,63,128,9,6,8>Michelle B., I really don't know if we've ever disagreed before! But if there ever was a time to speak up, it's now.Pho 900 is my new favorite on the hill. The broth is more flavorful than the Than Brothers or Pho Cyclo, and the place is cozy and quiet, at least in comparison to the other two places. My problem before I found Pho 900 is that I would crave Pho but I wouldn't really want to go sit under flourescent lights to eat it. Now I can eat it in a more ambient atmosphere.Oh, and they do have cream puffs! Yum.Reasons to eat Pho (as if you needed them):1. It's inexpensive ($5ish per person).2. It's delightfully exotic.3. It's healthy and low calorie (as long as you can have sodium).4. It makes you look smart if you can pronounce it right (Fuh, rhymes with Duh!).5. It tastes wonderful and is quite filling.6. Free cream puffs.7. Extra cream puffs.8. Cream puffs (to go) for later when you are reading Glamour while wearing an acne-clearing masque and bunny slippers and crying yourself to sleep.9. Kidding.Pho ordering tips:1. Say it right. Duh!2. Be daring. Try a strange cut of meat, or tofu for a change.3. ORDER A SMALL. Trust me on this one. The large is bigger than your head.4. Okay, I guess I only have three tips. Lame.Pho 900 - try it. I like it. I'm going there tonight!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2006,4/6/2007,31,29,4,5,5>The Viking is the perfect amalgamation of career-drunk-old-man bar by day, hipster-yet-not-scenester hangout by night. The drinks are strong, and whatever you do, avoid the grapefruit juice, which I believe has been sitting in cans under the bar since before I was born. I'm embarrassed to admit that when they microwave their snacks -- cause all the food there, from the nachos to the pulled pork butt (!!) sandwiches, is prepared by nuking -- it smells good.It's a great bar to be able to stumble home from...
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,4/5/2007,15,44,4,14,9>So my mother called yesterday morning, said she was going to be in the big city and wanted to take me out for dinner.  "Yee-haw" I thought to myself, "time to jump on the Yelp train and find the greatest tastiest place I would never splurge on for myself."  My Mom is a tough customer- a great cook herself with a laid-back island attitude, so I wanted somewhere that would serve us some great food sans the downtown attitude Seattle is so famous for.  Lark exceeded all expectations.  We started with the cheese platter and two glasses of their Sipp Pinot Blanc; Sally Jackson, Oka and one other whose name eludes me-  all delicious and perfectly suited to our palates.  Our lovely server noticed that we were having a girls night and gave us plenty of time to finish our cheese plate before bringing the next course.  Next, the Sunchoke soup: earthy, creamy, nourishing and oh-so satisfying.  I loved how the flavours of the sunchoke were highlighted rather than buried with saltiness- and the chesnut cracklings?  yuuuuuuuuuummmmmmy.  The Pear and Mizuna Salad was ooh-ahhh-inducing.  My Mom always gives me a funny look when I gush over food, but this time she was "oh my goodness this is good"ing right along with me.  The dressing was perfectly balanced and those pastry-wrapped Chevre sticks brought tears to my eyes, seriously.  The Ricotta gnudi were soft, warm, ooey-goey deliciousness and, despite appearing as a rather small portion, were just perfectly filling and satisfying.  I took the spoon and scraped every last bit of the warm, mouth-orgasm parmigiano cream into my already very aroused mouth.  We rounded out the meal with the special, Capaccio/applejack fish pan-seared to perfection and served atop arugula.  Now, understand, my parents live on an island and my father has been catching and cooking fish for 50 years- but this fish was truly the highlight of our meal.  Crusty on the outside, moist (but not raw) on the inside, perfectly salted and spiced without drowning the taste of the fish.  It was a masterpiece of pescatarian bliss.  We finished off the meal with the scrumptious coconut sorbet stuffed with nuggets of tender mango and topped with perfect slices of coconut meat.  The Vita coffee was brewed to perfection.  When all was said and done, my Mom looked at me with (I kid you not) tears in her eyes and said, "Thank you, Alli, for finding such a great restaurant.  We're coming back here again soon."  I got an email from her this morning as well, thanking me for such a wonderful experience.  I wish I could take all the credit- but it wasn't me, it was the combination of delicious culinary feats and perfectly paced meal delivery and ambiance at Lark that made it such a memorable meal.  I would recommend this place to anyone without hesitation.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2007,4/4/2007,59,142,6,6,3>I've been to different Brown Bear Car Wash(s), some automated, some not but I still keep coming back to this one every time. It has the fast, friendly and efficient staff to get me through the automated "wash down memory lane" when I was a tot and thought it was like a really cool amusement park ride or something. Kids! Whether you have a fancy automobile or Mom and Pop's hand-me-down 1978 Mercury Monarch with a cheap paint job and the steady drip drip drip of Rear-Main-Seal-orrhea, the staff do a great job and actually look like they enjoy making your wheels sparkle. Yes,  we're talking about a car wash here and a staff that love their jobs. Go figure! Anyway, Brown Bear is definitely doing something right. My only pet peeve with them is this whole Bear Essentials, Beary Good, and Beary Best service options caper. Huh? I could see it if we were all the aforementioned tots and were by some miracle, sitting on our stack of phone books with our cute little Tot-Stilts driving our Fode Wainger twuck through the wash, but c'mon, BB, why can't you just make the choices number 1, 2, or 3? Anyway, that's why they only get 4 of 5 stars, because I have to say the words Beary Good. Other than that, this Brown Bear Rocks!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2007,4/3/2007,104,107,15,5,3>Here are the rules for me to go to Kidd Valley.  1) I can not come to this place alone and 2) I must wait 5 minutes for the deep fried mushrooms to cool down before I can eat them.  Rule number 1 is in place to enforce rule number 2.  The deep fried mushrooms are so good that I always forget to wait, bite into it, burn my mouth and scream.  I always have my best friend in tow so that she can either stop me from doing so or take me to the burn unit.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,5/19/2007,74,138,16,9,7>Unfortunately the Noc has the best happy hour downtown. 5-9 $2 wells and $1 pbrs....right folks? Something like that.I think the gargoyles are amusing. It's funny that someone had to actually spend time carving faux architectural details out of styrofoam for this bar. Haha, that guy. Seems like the decor is more giving the impression that this place is sketch than anything else. It's gross but there are also a fair amount of "young professionals" just trying to get their drink on. Oh and the tots are real good. They put johnny's seasoning on them I think. Wait for them to cool down first or you'll give yourself capn' crunch mouth.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2007,5/18/2007,1785,805,15,8,9>The shifty, albeit tipsy looking knight in 'not- so- shining armour' should be a green flag. A big 'gone medieval on yo' ass' green flag.If you want cheap strong drinks and some laid back dive bar atmosphere, this is your place. It's a big joint with lots of space and a huge game room- pool, vids, etc.  Lots of local talent make it great for people watching. I can't emphasize this enough.Upon my visit, I was also was lucky enough to meet a super sweet Jack Russell (apparently a regular). When I asked what his name was, the 'rockstar' bartendress, laughed a pointed at this overly excited little guy and said, "Rocket'- and now you see why!" Where else??**$10 credit card min, but you should have no problem. This is not the kind of place where you stop in to sample their cheese and wine list and have  'just a glass'.I'll be back, but not soon enough.. and not before I find a decent chain maille halter top.. for summer, of course.3 chivalrous yelpers up and out!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2007,5/17/2007,40,39,19,14,12>First off, I want to thank Derek, for rescuing my filthy hands by pumping liquid soap from the guys bathroom to his hands, came out, then smearing it on mine, thus preventing me from possibly contracting any fecal-oral diseases. 5 Point isn't exactly my type of place, but that's just me. Some people may enjoy the act I performed in that tiny bathroom stall - fanning behind my butt to prevent any flies landing on it. No, really, I did that and I laughed a little while I was doing it.Oh, was that TMI? I apologize.Am I hating? No, not at all. I like the place.5 Point has character.I like the food. I get exactly what I ask for, unlike most places that are always due to forget my toast, or jam or something. I ask for runny sunny side up. I get runny sunny side up. Portions are so big I took two breaks to stuff down 1/3 of the food. Besides, how can you not enjoy wall art such as countless bras hung on antlers, and a server dressing (waist up) like the girl on the right? *note* NWSxnations.com/images2/bli…
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2006,5/16/2007,36,106,15,9,6>Cafe Ladro is where I go when I want to get stuff done. I go there when studying at home proves too distracting or my couch too sleep-inducing. Ladro has good coffee and the atmosphere has just enough energy to keep me awake and focused without proving distracting. I have spent many an afternoon reading for class while sipping on a vanilla latte.The baristas at Ladro mix an excellent beverage. They don't over do the flavor shots like many places. They put in just enough to add a hint of flavor while still letting you taste the coffee. Because we all know I like my coffee like I like my women... bitter and frothing.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2007,5/15/2007,438,688,8,7,10>I feel well enough about myself when I walk into a clothing store. After a few minutes in the dressing room, I want to cry.Vain is the reverse. Enter feeling morose and fugly, depart ready to go to a photoshoot or mack on the guy/girl of your dreams.Additionally, I adore Jenny Slay. It'd be worth paying that much just to sit in a chair and talk to her for a few hours. She's hilarious and awesome - hilari-awesome!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2007,5/13/2007,141,930,1,6,6>A great cool somewhat new addition to the West Seattle scene.  I finally made it to the Skylark the other night for a drink and a bite to eat.  The place is adorable inside, so cute, or should I say tough so the boys will still want to go check it out.  They have tots I don't think I need to say anything else, oh they have tots with cheese too!  What's not to like about a place that has tots with cheese?  We started with the tots with cheese and than I had to try their mac n cheese.  First off if you don't like crushed black pepper do not order the mac n cheese it's covered in the stuff.  The mac n cheese was good but it was a little too creamy for me.  I tend to like my mac n cheese to be a little thicker but it was baked and there was crispy cheese on top which was a nice crunchy extra that I loved.  The bread that came with the mac n cheese was OMG to die for, it was a slice of their grilled rustic bread and I wanted more and more but I stuck to the piece I was given I didn't want to OD on carbs that night.The service was excellent, the bathrooms were clean, the place was great.  They have live music with no cover Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights, they have karaoke Tuesday night, and open mic night on Wednesdays.  They also have brunch Saturday and Sundays and I plan on checking it out one weekend soon.*Update*Finally tried the brunch and went with the Dungeness Crab Cake Benedict it was good, the crab cakes were HUGE much bigger than I ever expected and were probably 75% crab and 25% filling so a pretty good ratio if you ask me.  The eggs were how should I say it, over cooked, it was like hard boiled eggs sitting on top, not a bad thing but not really a good thing either.  The hollandaise was good but scarce had to ask for some extra.  The home fries on the other hand were wonderful.  I'll be back for brunch again maybe to try the biscuits and gravy next time.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2007,5/12/2007,502,444,14,21,19>Since I stopped drinking booze about 6 years ago, I have been on the look out for a beverage to accomplish the task that wine and sometimes beer completed for me back in the drunk days - pair well with food.  I basically resigned myself to Pellegrino long ago, which is fine.  It doesn't overwhelm the flavor of what's on my plate the way a soda, juice or coffee would and it offers a bit more excitement than a glass of water.  Ho-hum.I was DELIGHTED to find Dry Soda about a year ago for all of these reasons.  This is a local company that creates slightly sweetened soda that is meant to be paired with good food. Hell, it's meant to be served in a Champagne flute - even more fun for the girl who drinks Pellegrino out of wine glasses.  At present there are four flavors: Lavender, Lemongrass, Kumquat and Rhubarb.  Lavender was the first one I tried ( I really like eating flowers).  Great flavor and according to the Dry Soda website is best paired with cheese courses, duck, pork, desserts and chocolate.  Next I tried Kumquat - like a very subtle orange soda, but not at all comparable to say, an orange flavored Talking Rain.  Great, refreshing, very, very nice.  Suggested pairings:  Oysters, mussels, sweet leafy greens, duck, white fish and risotto (though I would venture to guess it would really depend on the preparation).Lemongrass next - what a nice one.  Very tangy, very dry.  Pairs with the obvious Asian foods, also suggested is shellfish, goat cheese and asparagus.It took me a really long time to get around to Rhubarb.  It has some floaties in it and it's the only on that isn't clear.  But man -  NUMMY.  Crispy, sweeter than the others, sort of reminiscent of apple cider.  Don't fear it - guzzle it.  Pairings:  Cow based dishes, and comfort foods.I have found it at Chandler's on Lake Union, Uwajamaya, Whole Foods and QFC at Harvard and Broadway.TRY TRY TRY!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,5/11/2007,52,45,18,13,11>Linda's, where all your dreams come true, as long as you restrict them to $7.50 pitchers of microbrew during happy hour, some tasty onion rings and a couple tons of animal heads.It gets busy, but it's pretty big and you can usually get a table without too much trouble.  Plus, nice patio out back, and a dank smoker's oubliette even further out back.The bar staff can be a bit hit or miss, but the waiters and waitresses seem to be universally helpful and pretty timely given how busy they get.  Case in point, of one particularly excellent waitress:  We're eating some food and drinking some beer during happy hour and it's getting a bit full.  My friend and I step out for a few minutes, carefully putting coasters over our pint glasses and even leaving a jacket slung over one chair.  When we get back our waitress informs us with great delight about how some girl jabbering away on a cell phone sat down at the table and yelled the waitress over, breaking mid-sentence from her important phone call to ask when was someone going to hurry up and bus the table.  When the waitress pointed out that people were OBVIOUSLY still occupying the table, cell phone girl huffed out a "whatever, bitch!" and stalked away.You can probably find her in Belltown if you look hard enough.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2006,5/10/2007,2,6,22,15,5>Two words:  Taco Tuesday. The Wildrose is not known for its food, the average age of the customers is proably 23, and hell will freeze over before a bartender decides to crack a smile--- but the tacos on Tuesday are surprisingly great.  Pick meat or black bean with the usual sides at a buck a piece and knock 'em back with a $2 Sol.  And contrary to belief, it doesn't matter if you're male or female, straight or gay, trannie or bi---those bartenders are crabby with everyone.  Of course, this is Seattle's only dyke bar so if you don't like the gays go eat a chalupa at Taco Bell.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2007,5/9/2007,164,541,12,3,4>Take one look at me and you can tell I love two things more than anything in the world.  Cheese and Beer.  Okay so I love my family and friends more but I can't buy them and eat them now can I?  Well I could but I would be locked up.  So anyway I wandered in here one time to buy a Christmas gift for a friend.  My heart started to palpatate and I believe some drool started to ooze out the side of my mouth.Things went fuzzy after that I ended up walking away with a huge dent in my wallet and a bag full of cheese.  One I got was a softer bree like cheese with wine grape skins within.  I just started drooling again.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2005,9/15/2005,30,146,,1,>My Mom took me to this place after a crazed trip to Pike Place Market. The fish sandwiches were incredible - everything was. The food is carefully crafted and unique. Gracias, Matt.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2005,9/14/2005,7,99,,1,1>Chocolate chip cookies don't come any better.  You know those soft, undercooked morsels that no domestic kitchen is capable...yah those cookies.  These cow chips are the gorging type, the antithesis of the pioneer chip...you know what I mean.  Cheers!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,9/13/2005,2,14,,,2>WOW... AWESOME FOOD. I never had brazilian food before and this place was awesome. It is like $39.95 per person and servers are constantly going from table to table with huge skewers of BBQ meet, anything from beef to lamb and even pineapple. I had such a great experience and it has a wonderful atmosphere. I defn recommend it....
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2005,9/12/2005,99,63,,1,>This place is awesome. A day pass is about $15 but I got in free since Jenny has a membership and a member can take anyone who's never been before for free. Renting shoes was a measly $4 or so. Unfortunately, the shoes had a tag on the inside that dug into the back of my heel and hurt after an hour or so. Alex had the same problem.Nobody in our group had the ability to belay, so we just did bouldering (which I actually prefer). It was so awesome! Stone Gardens has walls and walls full of tons of different problems. I could (and did) spend hours there. After a while I hurt all over from all the unique stretches I was doing. Don't tell Alex, but I think I might have ended up cheating on the last V1 that I completed.There's lots of VB's and V0's for beginners, but there's even quite a few V5's, V6's, and V7's. Basically, this is an awesome indoor climbing place no matter what your skill level! I am so getting a membership.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2005,9/11/2005,0,0,,,>Outback is ok. Not bad, not great, just ok. You can get much better steaks, ambiance and hours of operation elsewhere (like The Keg, for instance). The one thing I really can't stand about Outback is their hours of operation... they don't open until 4pm most days. So lunch is completely out of the question (unlike the Keg, which opens at 1pm).
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2005,9/10/2005,2,3,1,1,>I highly recommend the Ultra One Hour Dry Cleaning on Ravenna for services. The lady who mostly runs the business is extremely nice and seems more concerned when you have a stain on your dress than you do...it's nice. She'll mark the stain and I can say confidently that it will be as-good-as-new when you pick it up. They are very good with imported silk ties as well.  Additionally, when you are a long-standing customer, you'll find that your bill is less, as she doesn't charge extra for stains, as she appreciates the steady business you are offering.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2005,9/9/2005,2,10,,1,>Great Moroccan restaurant! Food, service, atmosphere, ENTERTAINMENT were all very good. Be prepared to sit on cushions on the floor and eat with your fingers. Get the feast - it's the best deal!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2005,9/8/2005,44,174,,,>I love the Crest!  $3.00, are you kidding me!  They ussually have good movie selection and the theaters are fair sized.  Some are bigger than the Meridian (or so they seem to be).  Check it out, you'll be hooked.  Photos soon.Here is a write up I found on them from the web:"4 Screens. Built in 1949. Operated by Landmark since 1989. Featuring Hollywood favorites, independent film and foreign language cinema in a neighborhood setting, the Crest Cinema Center features an eclectic mix of programming at a discount price. Most films that play here are on their last stop before leaving Seattle area screens for good, so don't snooze.Originally built in 1949, the Crest has been operating as a neighborhood theatre ever since. Equipped with widescreen capabilities in 1979, it was one of the first theatres in the country to run Close Encounters of the Third Kind in 70mm. Expanded to four auditoriums in 1980, two houses were configured with stadium-style seats and high-backed chairs, and two larger houses were constructed to feature conventional seating and large screens. So successful were "bargain nights" at the Crest that by the late 1980s, it began running discount programming on a permanent basis."
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2005,9/7/2005,9,36,,,>Mongolian Grill is an extremely popular restaurant located at the heart of downtown Woodinville, just across from the theater.  For a relatively low price, you can pick out from an assortment of raw ingredients, such as noodles, vegetables, and an herb here or there, and bring it to the chef and specify a (or a combination of) meat(s).  There, they'll throw it on a giant flat iron grill and cook it up for you.  Then, they serve it all up with a liberal amount of rice on the side and your choice of a sauce (from 6 choices) on top.The only issue with Mongolian Grill comes when an inexperienced, replacement, or overworked chef is at the grill table, at which point your meal may be extremely overcooked.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2005,9/6/2005,40,428,,,>I'm a big fan of sausage, especially loaded with onions and mustard! The prices here are very good, plus they have a really good happy hour with cheap beer. Another good thing about Shultzy's is that they make this really spicy homeade gumbo that honestly, is the best thing on the menu!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,6/3/2013,201,351,4,6,5>I was actually quite impressed with the Majestic after the first time I dined here. Went with some gals from work for our monthly lunch and we each ordered the half sandwich and salad. I had turkey with a basic mixed green salad but it tasted much better than I expected (I was thinking about the Flying Pig which is what this place used to be...yuck). The bread on the sandwich was light and soft and the whole thing must have had like 8 pieces of turkey on it. One of the best turkey sandwiches around, not even kidding. The balsamic dressing was off the hook as well and much more flavorful than others I've tried. The portions were huge, prices low and the wait staff was very nice. I'm definitely coming back.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/2/2013,212,249,6,14,11>Best Indian restaurant experience I've had in Seattle.From walking into the beautiful, modern decor to the friendly goodbye on the way out, Shanik really turned it up for my group of friends. -Ample parking along the street.  I literally parked right on the corner. -I was greeted by well-dressed and attractive *male* hosts.  Thank you Shanik!  (Also cool?  Male front-of-house, and female chefs.. more on that later.)  We dined on Monday at 7pm.  It was not as busy as I assumed it would be; plenty of seating!-I love that we weren't served by one person throughout the meal - a few different people refilled waters (frequently I might add), brought and cleared dishes, etc.  It's like all the servers are working together to make sure the guests are happy, and not for merely a tip.-Easy to hear conversation in a large group.-Drinks and food were brought out very quickly and EVERYTHING I tried was delicious.  More info:  *Chai tea: Lovely.  Not too sweet.  *Complimentary rice & naan.  The naan is so awesome - has a bit of a crunchy crust on one side; soft and warm overall.  Very good.  *APPETIZERS: the samosa potatoes and spicy crepe were big hits: I'm not a spice lover and it wasn't too much for me.  Very tasty.  Only request: two crepes!  :)  *ENTREES: Grilled chicken with curry and rice: Really great.  Charred and juicy.  Beef tenderloin and the lamb popsicles (not cold; popsicle = on a stick, hehe) were big hits at our table.  Lots of flavor.-Service was very friendly and professional.For a few appetizers and several entrees (plus drinks) it ended up being about $45-50 a person.  To me, for the service and quality of food, it is definitely worth it.**I also saw several people come in as we left by themselves - no issue eating alone here.**All 4 chefs were women, which I thought was so cool.  According to the recent NY Times review (!!), "half of them are Punjabi, the others Ethiopian - and they were hired for their deep knowledge of spices".  That much is obviously true.  Great job Shanik.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,6/1/2013,93,297,2,8,6>First time for me trying this place out since many have said this is one of the better places for dim sum in Chinatown. I can see why there is a line waiting for a table when I drive or walk by because this restaurant is extremely small and cramped. There is only about 2 big tables to accomodate large parties and when the dim sum carts come by they are practically right by your table. The place was quite noisy with everyone conversing and you had to speak louder than usual if you want to be heard.The food wasn't bad as I really liked their chicken feet which was some of the best I have tasted in a while and also the beef rice noodle wrap which had plenty of cilantro all around. The other dim sum items we had were the black bean sparerib, har gow and egg tart which were just average. The price was on point for all the items and for our entire check it was only $15 for the two of us.The service was very friendly as one of the waitresses remembered my gf from when she last ate there more than 2 years ago. I wouldn't mind coming here again if they just weren't so busy and cramped, but I know I would be taking a chance of that not happening.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/31/2013,181,265,10,13,10>THE BEST VIETNAMESE DELI. Awesome banh mi, egg rolls that are crispy, not soggy and greasy, all kinds of delicious Vietnamese deli foods, all vegan, served up by the friendliest service and--not that's it kept me away from Vietnamese delis--but they speak English well and are organized!I called ahead one morning to order 30 eggrolls for an event but when I picked them up, all I wanted was to eat the whole pile for breakfast. Luckily they gave me one extra because I looked hungry (probably my neutral face). Even as a seasoned visitor to disorganized Vietnamese delis, I really appreciate that there is some acknowledgment of your presence and a desire to sell you food. While I've frequented a lot of the delis in Little Saigon, this one is a mile above the rest for the quality of the food and the great service.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,5/30/2013,192,77,6,7,8>It must be said that I love Cupcake Royale! What is it that I love about Cupcake Royale? Well, their cupcakes for one. They're baked perfectly, not too crumbly and not too moist. They're practically perfect. The frosting, oh my goodness, it's sweet and rich, without sending you running to the dentist. AND THEN there's the ice cream. Did you know that right now, as I type this, Cupcake Royale has whiskey bacon ice cream!? They also have "bacon crack" cookies, and whiskey bacon cupcakes. It's surreal. Stephanie says to try: 1. Coconut Bunny (Vanilla) Cupcake 2. Salted Caramel Ice Cream 3. And take home some "Bacon Crack"
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,5/29/2013,129,291,7,14,12>Real Italian in Seattle! Va bene!I don't know why I had never been here before. Every time I passed it in the car or on foot, I'd tell myself I should check it out...Years have gone by and now I finally have. Being in this restaurant actually DID remind me of being in Italy - not just because of the Italian waiter (owner?) and his accent, but the food was simple and delicious, like Italian food should be. It's also adorable, dimly lit, and tucked away, with a romantic feel. I ordered the pasta special that night, and my friend got the fettucini with mushrooms, which was perfectly rich, but not too rich if you catch my drift. The bruschetta also had enough garlic for my liking, which is a lot. And finally, a perfect cannoli. Bellisimo!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/28/2013,325,469,6,7,7>Cheesy goodness on the best crust in Seattle. With probably the most friendly service I've experienced in a very long time.Really, that's all you need to know.But, here are a few more details.This place is a very laid-back, simple establishment. I really like the no-frills mentality and decor. They focus on serving high quality pizza at reasonable prices rather than designer decor. Expect a high quality pie with amazing crust. Seriously, it's probably the best crust I've had in Seattle. Not too thin, slightly crispy, slightly chewy. It's divine.Two of us ordered a small white pizza w/sausage and mushrooms and a cheese with pepperoni. Don't let "small" fool you. The two of us were practically starving but getting through two of them was impossible (they make for great leftovers). The white was probably my favorite and I demand to know where they get their sausage. I loved it! The pepperoni was really, really good as well. I'm not the biggest fan of tomato sauces but there's is impeccable and has a great garlicky taste. We also started with their salad, which I thought was fine, but you can skip it to save room for more pizza. They ended up bringing us our bill before one of our pizzas came out. Apparently there was some sort of miscommunication and it hadn't been ordered. In all honesty we probably didn't even need a second pizza as one was really filling for the two of us. It really wasn't a big deal. However, the staff was truly apologetic and tried to make sure it got out to us ASAP. That included comped wine and kind words from the staff making sure they'd make it up to us. I've had plenty of incorrect orders at other restaurants and without a doubt Italian Family Pizza did the best job of making sure we were satisfied customers. Considering it was just a small little miscommunication I really thought they went above and beyond. If you haven't been, GO IMMEDIATELY! The price was low, service amazing, and pizza even better. Oh, and their house red wine was really reasonably priced and very pleasant.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/27/2013,461,411,3,7,5>Oh my god. If you like barbecue, this is THE PLACE to get it! Hands down, the best BBQ I have had in or near Seattle. The brisket was absolutely amazing. AND the meat and sauce seemed like it was made out of fresh ingredients (I can't say for sure, but my food allergies react VERY negatively to BBQ when it is made out of old, canned stuff). I did not hurt after eating it (except my belly, because I ate twice as much as I should have).It was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS. I will definitely, definitely, definitely be back here for more, and I suggest you do, too!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,5/26/2013,307,492,5,11,5>"Stuffed and sedated."I had a lovely impromptu brunch with a friend on Sunday. She had been telling me about Meander's for a long time, but I had yet to make it out to their W Seattle location. I may never get out there, but it's not the end of the world as that one will be closing sometime in the near future. We arrived around the noon hour and I was pleased that there wasn't a wait. I enjoyed the decor. It told me that the focus was the food. Now, don't read that as dirty. Because it's not. It's just... kitschy. But I didn't come there for matching furniture. We were seated, and our server came over promptly for drink orders. We both got coffee and water. Coffee? Good. Water? Good. She also pointed out the chalk board flanking the wall. People scribbled different sayings and designs up there... but "stuffed and sedated" stuck out. Because apparently that's how people should be after coming in. Ha!I got the Meander's scramble, and my friend got Chloe's Scramble. (Apparently, the owner, Miranda, can only get her daughter to eat vegetables when stuck up in a delicious omelette. I don't blame her.) Mine was good. It had the right amount of flavor, was heavy on the sausage (and it was good sausage, not the crap you find sprinkled on Pizza Hut pizzas), and had fresh mushrooms. I also got the cheesy grits and a biscuit. I was stuck between the coffee cake ($1 upgrade) and the biscuit, but I hear the biscuits are delicious, so I stuck with it. (And saved $1.) I think I'll get the Chloe next time, though... that shit is delicious. And heavy on the ham! Who does that? Meanders does. I love eating and feeling like I get my money's worth.  The biscuit WAS indeed amazing. Flaky, buttery, a little crisp on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Can I have an extra?? Damn. My friend told me that she went the other day (near closing) and they had to turn her away because they ran out of food. Now, the old me would have gone off about "what? why would a RESTAURANT run out of food??" But now, though I'd be a little annoyed, I appreciate that. You know what that means? It means that there's not a freezer full of frozen stuff that they defrost for you. It's fresh. And fresh food runs out. So... umm... don't come too late. You know what else speaks to me? The condiments. That ketchup squeeze bottle? There's not a scrap of any of the 57 flavors of Heinz. It is home-made. (okay... maybe tomato... but you know what I mean...) The fruit jam? Home made. And you can taste it, too. I gobbed it on my biscuit. (Side note: The biscuit was so good, I didn't want to put anything on it, but the jam was so good, I had to.)  My only gripe is that the grits were a little bit lumpy. I actually asked my friend if there were small potato chunks in it. They were also a little cold. But I'd give it another chance. I'm hoping it's an anomaly. I'll be back for you, hammy Chloe. Stuff me and sedate me. But not too much that I'm a hazard on the roads.  Important: They are CASH ONLY.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,5/25/2013,77,352,5,9,7>Finally managed to go see a show here after more than a year of hearing people talk about it. And it was basically everything it was hyped to be.Of course, as everyone else has said, the theater is huge. Feels ol' timey, the one giant screen, and I mean giant. The seats are comfy, though most new theaters do a good job on making the seats comfortable (they wanna keep those butts coming back right?). We were impressed by the prices at the concession stand. At the most recent movie I went to, I paid 7 dollars for a small or medium popcorn, here the prices ranged from 3 for a small to 5 for a large. And of course we had to buy some chocolate popcorn, I could smell that chocolate for the hours that I was waiting in line for the big midnight premier that I went to (It smelled like cookies, didn't realize it was chocolate covered popcorn). Honestly at that point I was so hyped for fresh baked cookies I would have preferred that, but I liked the chocolate popcorn. Some of my movies buddies said it was too strong, but I liked it fresh, and I liked it even better later when we brought the leftovers home, that was tasty the next day. The ticket was kinda pricey, $15 for a 3d movie, but then again I don't know what 3D movies normally run, I don't like em so I don't go see em. I will definitely have to find my way back for a non-3D movie one of these days.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,2/21/2014,168,146,6,12,10>Checkout their classes!I've been to the West Seattle Nursery several times to purchase pots, plants, decor and even plant food.  However, last weekend I took class for $30 and learned to make a living sculpture (aka a fern ball or decor for your home).  It was a great way to spend a rainy sunday afternoon and come home with a little present! They have a variety of classes each weekend, just check their website for more details.The class takes place either outside or inside their shop. Ours was inside, which was a little cozy.  The instructor for my class was ok, he could have been a bit more instructional, but allowed you to be creative and figure things out by yourself.  It wasn't complicated project, so one could appreciate the creative freedom.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,2/20/2014,229,190,8,14,12>I'm not one to get messy and work for my food, but my buddy was telling me about Crawfish, which I have never tried, so I went to check it out. This place had a lot of good reviews. We went late afternoon on Saturday, it was not packed at all thankfully because the place was pretty small. We ordered their fried oysters, not bad, it came with fries and two dipping sauces, ketchup and I think some kind of garlic lemon aoili. The experience was fun, you get to wear a bib if you want. We ordered two pounds of their combo with crawfish, clams, and shrimp. They bring it out in a plastic bag filled with the sauce of your choice. Everyone recommended the Whole Boom Bang sauce so we got that with "Lil Spicy" level of spice. It was just right! Scrumptious! Finger-lickin good! I think next time I'd order another pound I feel like I could have ate more. Only thing is, in the two pounds, there were only 2 corn halves and maybe 4 pieces of sausage and potatoes (combo comes with those as well). I think they should put more than that. I would definitely go there again!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/19/2014,167,645,3,15,11>As a big fan of Cascina Spinasse, I was very anxious to try Aragona, which is Jason Startton's second restaurant.  Moving away from pasta, Aragona is a regional Spanish restaurant with a good sized bar and separate dining room, each with its own menu.  We tried the bar recently, and for the most part, Aragona is off to a great start.  The conclusion is that Aragona has some great dishes.  They also have some great cocktails.  But combination we chose wasn't great.  We tried the torreznos or pork belly confit, which were very flavorful but a little too salty for my tastes.  The coca with sardines, peppers and olives was beautiful - sardines arranged neatly on a flat piece of pastry.  Loved the flavors here too, but it would be better if served warmer.  Our cocktail was a Novela Negra, which contained bourbon, vermouth tinto and Olorroso sherry.  The cocktail was very nicely balanced, but a little too strong for the dishes.  Anyway, I will definitely go to Aragona again, but next time, I will definitely order some vino for the food, but still find time for some cocktails.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/18/2014,77,220,6,12,11>You know that saying, "don't judge a book by its cover"? Well, that applies here! I have driven by this place several times, but the outside always turned me off. After reading other Yelp reviews my husband and I decided to stop by for lunch. So pleasantly surprised! The inside is really nice, with a decorative fireplace that adds to the ambience. Really great menu selection, tons of things sounded good. We started with fried pickles and envy dipping sauce. Super good. I had a hamburger with fries, the hamburger was perfectly juicy with some of the envy sauce on it. My husband had the French dip which he thoroughly enjoyed. So happy to find a good sandwich/burger place. Extra points for being kid friendly!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,2/17/2014,97,445,8,11,12>This is a classy dive bar! If you can combine those two.I was worried walking up to it, windows you couldn't see through and the entrance down the side. We peeked inside thinking it would be empty but it was packed! Happy hour til 8pm helps. No food specials except earlier on certain days.You order at the bar grab your drinks then take your flag to a table so they know which table to deliver the food to. We got Britain.I had the chicken masala with fries and fresh vegetables. My husband had the onion burger with tots.The chicken was moist and a big serving. The vegetable was alien heads... ahem brussel sprouts. My fries were hot and crispy the bottom layer soaked in the sauce yum! This dish would probably have ben better with the mashed potatoes it came with on the menu but I wanted fries darn it! And they were happy to substitute.The burger had a good portion of caramelized onions covered in a melted layer of Muenster cheese, but a little too much aioli. The tots came out warm not hot and tasted like a tot should.So overall watch out for alien brains and go light on the aioli!The food is delicious, service awesome, and great happy hour will make this my new go to place.Moral of the story don't judge a restaurant by its storefront.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,2/16/2014,141,91,11,15,10>Belltown is one of those areas that, when asked, I always describe as the place where you go to interact with ex-frat bros who get hopped up on jaeger bombs and redbull-vodkas.  And that's not a compliment.In fact, when I'm at a usual favorite like Canon or Zig Zag, I usually make a smart ass joke to the bartender by saying something like "yes, my friend and I will have a couple jaeger bombs."  The result - we and the bartender(s) laughing, followed by the real drink order.  I made the mistake of doing this same joke at a bar in Belltown one time, and I had to practically chase the waitress afterwards to stop her because she took us seriously.Rob Roy is one of those few exceptions in Belltown where the atmosphere is low key, and the drinks are great.  It doesn't get packed to the point where you can't hear yourself talking or can't find a place to sit, but that doesn't mean it lacks customers.  The scotch and mezcal offerings are more than decent, and the staff is awesome.   I can't pay enough compliments to their genuine demeanor and prompt service.Sorry I spent more time talking about Belltown's general douchiness, but in this case, Rob Roy sets itself apart as a great place to have good drinks and good conversation, whether it be with your company or the people who work here.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/15/2014,172,264,6,15,9>What are you doing standing around when Roux is open right now and you could be eating there as we speak? Every. Single. Thing. Is. Delicious. Everything. Order it, don't think twice, just eat it. My group split hush puppies and the eggs. Even the ones among us who aren't fans of soft cooked eggs enjoyed the bacon topped darlings. The hush puppies were hot, spicy, and drizzled in delicous honey. Our cocktails were all very tasty, as well. We tried four and had multiple rounds of our favorites. The stand out winner was Purple Skirt, but I had Battle of New Orleans and Doctor Boggs, both of which came only half full (or half empty, I suppose). I guess they're strong, and that is the reasoning behind it, but it was pretty disappointing to order twice and be shocked by that multiple times.Now, for the food-- I had the flank steak with frites. Frites were pretty thick cut and hard to do wrong, but they are a great pairing with this moist, tender, delicious steak. There is a LOT of meat, too, and the demi is flavorful and perfectly paired. Friends got the apple salad and octopus on black eyed peas, cheese grits and jambalaya. Apple salad is a perfect crisp salad paired well with the almond butter and greens. I have never loved octopus as much as I did this grilled morsel. The texture and taste were perfect. The black eyed peas were a strange but inspired pairing. Cheese grits were very tasty and a great side. Jambalaya had tons of prawns on top and lots of sausage. It was utterly delicious. We finished with beignets and the in-house made ice cream, which was salted carmel and we did in a sundae. Brandied cherries, nuts, whipped cream... It was heaven. I was very glad we ordered it, too, because I am not a fan of beignets. I hear Roux does them to perfection, which doesn't surprise me, but I didn't realize it was pretty much just a donut. Kind of a let down, but not Roux's mistake.I would like to mention they need a better sign, more lighting inside, and good waitresses. The hostess was nice, but our waitress was awful. Cold, pushy, bitchy. Not even she could ruin the experience, though!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2013,2/14/2014,200,531,15,21,17>***Happy Hour Review***John Howie's has been on my "to try" list for a while now so my boyfriend and I decided to try it a few days ago.  On the recommendation of our friends, we arrived early (at the start of HH) to secure a table.  I ordered the November Cocktail Special and it was really well made (with vodka, a few different types of juices (see picture) and St. Elizabeth Allspice Dram) -- slightly sweet, slightly tangy, and refreshing.  To eat, we shared the tempura bacon, heirloom tomato flatbread, and pork tortas.  The tempura bacon was great!  I thought it would be really heavy and greasy, but it was just perfect.  The bacon was lightly battered so that when you bit in, you got the taste of the tempura without any of the heaviness, the bacon was perfectly crispy and salty; somehow, it wasn't the greasy mess I envisioned.  The flatbread was satisfying and simple -- with just tomatoes, basil, cheese, and roasted garlic cloves -- but nothing I couldn't make at home. The pork sliders were good too.  The pork was tender and the aioli added a nice flavor, but again, maybe not my favorite.  For dessert, we ordered the bread pudding.  Now THAT (and the tempura bacon) is the reason we'd go back again. BOURBON soaked cherries and MAKER'S MARK  ice cream! Get outta here...it was really delicious.      Sure enough, by the time we looked up from our bread pudding, the bar area had been completely filled with patrons and it was packed.  And since John Howie is a classy establishment and won't allow the experience of diners to be ruined by over-crowding, they had someone guarding the entrance to the bar at all times -- to ensure that over-eager customers wouldn't be hovering over tables.  **Apparently, we didn't order the "right" things off the menu (so says my friend), so I'd like to come back and try a few other items.  That burger looked amazing (and huge), though we weren't hungry enough for it during this trip. Next time!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,2/13/2014,595,1498,8,11,10>Seeing that I will be visiting Taiwan for the first time in three months, I have been working on familiarizing my taste buds and tolerance for this cuisine. And I do mean tolerance because there are some strange eats in Taipei including snake wine and turtle testicles. That is certainly a huge jump in culinary prowess from the ubiquitous beef noodle soup.I decided to start simple by visiting Tapioca Express, a relatively new coffee/tea shop that offers basic Taiwanese meals. You won't find any exotic Taiwanese offerings here. There are a lot of fried items like Taiwanese pork chops and popcorn chicken.As for coffee and tea offerings, it is not in the vein of Starbucks but rather bubble tea shops like Gossip and Oasis in the International District in Seattle except for the convenience of being on the Eastside.This space was formerly Kitanda, which was a favorite of mine for its Brazilian mocha. I do like what Tapioca Express has done to the place. They have added a lot more seating so that if feels like a true café. It was not as dine in friendly previously.The meals that they have here are quite reasonably priced. Comparable to the prices you would expect to pay for lunch specials at numerous nearby Chinese restaurants. They have a railroad bento box which comes with a choice of tea for $6.95. There are two choices to choose from, Taiwanese sausage or pork chop. I went with the pork chop and meat over rice with egg selection along with a black tea.The bento was delicious. Though it seemed quite fast food-like. Particularly the pork chop which was salty. If you want Taiwanese pork chops, you are better getting it at Café Ori down the road. Still, the portion was right sized. The accompanying black tea drink is sweet. It tasted a lot like honey or a chrysanthemum tea. I enjoyed it though it was not quite how I imagined it.I did encounter some language issues. The cashier did not seem to speak good English, but one of the other staffers did so things worked itself out. They do have free Wi-Fi here. You need to ask one of the staff for the password to use it. Oh well, it is better to acquaint myself now with the language barrier issue. I am certainly going to be dealing with it when I go.I will say that I enjoyed Tapioca Express. The Taiwanese food is not the best (go to Facing East if you do), but it certainly was edible and tasty. And given the price paid, it was definitely satisfactory in that regard. If you are looking for simple Taiwanese fare and drink, Tapioca Express is a good option in which you would find both.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/12/2014,41,131,4,16,9>I have been to at least 100+ different sushi restaurants in my life.  And this one is my US favorite (although Nobu is certainly tied at the top for its innovative cuisine.  This place is truly special.The fish is fabulous - it's local, sustainable, and ultra fresh.  In fact, I swore never to eat uni in the US.  But I tried uni here, and it was the best I have ever had.  Our server explained that it is always super fresh, and that it was just prepared direct from the sea urchin.  You can't get any fresher even in the fish markets in Japan.A few tips:If you like the same thing all the time, check first.  They serve what they can get seasonally, so often something different on the menu.  If you do business with people from Japan, you know that they want sushi when they are here.  This place will really wow! them, and show them a great side of Seattle that they may never have realized existed.  Grab a reservation, or go late at night just before they stop seating (like 9:30-9:45).Ask for recommendations from the servers - they really know the menu and what is best.  Sit at the sushi bar if you can.  It has been three days, and I have to go back!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2006,9/4/2006,74,138,8,5,4>Oh Other Coast. Who do you think you are? Well obviously you already know you have the best sandwhich in town or else you wouldn't be getting away with this "cash/check only" bs and closing at 6:00 on weekends.Of course there's always a line on weekends but who cares? It's OCC. Sometimes I start dreaming about their Rajun Cajun sandwhich during the work day. Then I plan out the quickest way to get home and get to OCC to pick one up for dinner. Actually, OCC has kindof ruined my life with their goodness. I can't get them off my mind. Damn you OCC!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,9/3/2006,43,100,3,5,3>Fiore has made me question why I tip at Starbucks (yeah yeah.... I go out of desperation people...).  The shots at Fiore are made with such precision and care it's a thing of beauty.  Strong coffee, awesomely friendly staff, and a rotating art show. The perfect morning stop.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2006,9/2/2006,26,255,1,5,5>Pretty damn awesome BBQ. We stopped here on our way north and were glad we did. The place was empty--but we couldn't figure out why since the BBQ kicked butt. I'm from Texas, so according to the Law of Stereotypes, I know BBQ and this was good stuff.We got the pulled pork sandwich (w/ coleslaw) and the chicken sandwich. Both were great!  The chicken was moist and smokey and god damn, the sauce was good. Sweet, spicy and dripping. Be prepared to use those napkins.  The pulled pork was pretty damn good too, especially with the coleslaw on it.Oh, and as to the beer: it has Shiner, so it could have a beer list of 1 and be perfect for BBQ in my book. (And no, it don't consider Shiner "good beer", just "good BBQ beer"--you don't always need a Trappist ale).
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,9/1/2006,295,228,3,4,6>Call me ignorant, but I've never heard of a Piroshky before hitting up this stand.  Damn my Chinese ancestors for not passing down the recipe for this Russian pastry!For those of you in the dark about Piroshkies, they involve baked golden bread or a flaky pastry stuffed with sweet or salty filling.Since I'm a salty swine, my top choice at Piroshky, Piroshky and ... Piroshky is the salmon pate piroshky.  They actually extract raw salmon liver, cut it up, dress it, mash it and implant the liver play-doh back into baked bread that is shaped just like ... a fish!  Ironic, genius and very fitting for a kindergartener.My second choice would be the spinach, egg and cheese piroshky.  I also sampled the mushroom, broccoli and smoked mozarella one, but the broccoli killed this star.If you're looking for the flaky pastries, try the chicken and rice one.  It tastes like chicken rice soup, without the ... soup.  Go figure.  Expect to pay about $4.50/piroshky @ this replica of itself.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2006,8/31/2006,14,76,3,5,3>Great neighborhood bar featuring excellent German beer. The place tends to get extremely crowded quickly. I like going in the early evening when the tables are full of friends and an older gentleman reading a thick book and working on his bratwurst but there's still a few seats at the bar. Otherwise, if you snag one of the two outdoor tables you're a lucky one and set for the night. Free pretzles to snack on and a couple of dart boards on the raised platform offer endless entertainment.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2006,8/30/2006,54,193,2,10,7>One of the best meals I've had in Seattle.  Started off with the Beet Salad with Lambs Tounge, then Fried Quail, and then the Steak with Bone Marrow.First off I went with a good friend who I worked with as he was leaving for vegas to work.  We also know and have worked with Jason so he hooked us up with a lot of little tasters between our courses.  From what I remember everything was fantastic.Beet Salad was delicious.  For those of you who don't like beet salads you need to give it a shot.  They're not the canned beets of our youth but sweet little beets that have been blanched or roasted and tossed in a subtle dressing.  The tounge was the best part.  Organ meats are the Truth!The fried Quail - Like the Col.'s but only better.  When I had it they used to serve it with a fingerling potato salad.  So good.The Bone Marrow!  You just have to try it...nothing speaks louder for food than the sounds of spoons scrapping up the last microscopic bits off the plate.  I don't even remember the steak, all I can think about is Bone Marrow.Overall a great experience and one I hope to repeat this weekend.  Top 5 tables in the city!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2006,8/29/2006,13,14,5,5,4>I first went to West 5 a few years ago and every time I'm back home, I will go out of my way to stop by and say hi to Dean, Dave and the incredibly friendly staff at the West 5.  Granted, if you're on a low carb diet, this might not be the place to eat on a daily basis, but if it's great NW food you're after, belly to the West 5.  The sirloin steak bits as an appetizer is a great way to start out.  Follow up that with the W5 cobb salad (some of the best blue cheese I've ever had) and then to the main course, the meatloaf.  This is no BS meatloaf.  Wrapped in bacon- are you kidding?  If loving this is wrong, then I don't want to be right.   Follow that up with the Coconut rave cake and a "Northwest Passage" (a homemade buttered rum recipe and fresh coffee) this is and overload of the senses.  You have to try it.  You'll thank me later.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2006,8/28/2006,19,43,1,4,3>I came here yesterday for dinner after seeing the Da Vinci Code downtown.  I say skip the movie and wait until it comes out on DVD, but definetly come here.  My dinner date and I didn't have to wait long for a table and got seated very promptly right next to the window.  I would have to ditto all the other reviewers in the regard that this is definetly one of the most breath taking views of Seattle.  I ordered the Guava cooler and my "date" had the Long Island iced tea.  The cooler was okay, nothing too special, the iced tea had too much gin, not enough tonic.  For dinner I chose the Mahi Mahi tacos and my date the steak.  The tacos came with the fish, salsa, a coleslaw type salad, sour cream, guacamole, and tortillas, which were supposed to be wheat but they ran out in the kitchen.  I wish that they would've given me more fish for the amount of toppings and tortillas that you get, certainly more than three small pieces.  The steak turned out very well and the mashed potatoes were amazing.  Overall, good place to come and hang out with your friends.  I look forward to visiting once summer starts to enjoy the beautiful deck.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2006,8/27/2006,634,500,,3,2>The food is good and the staff are very friendly. They have a good selection of Indian beer which is always nice and a great lunch buffet. The interior and appearance of the restaurant is not great, but hey, who cares if the food is good.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2006,8/26/2006,0,0,1,2,2>My business was complete, so we hung out in the hotel bar at the W sipping martinis and otherwise acting far cooler than we actually were. Little did we know, no one else was as cool as we were, and some uninitiated flirting with our extremely attractive cocktail waitress led us to the Metropolitan.I gave up cigars when the Opus X went from $2 to $18 practically overnight thanks to a Cigar Afficianado, maybe it was an Ahnold cover. But after the Metropolitan, cigars were mandatory, as we had officially put the Rat Pack back together. I can honestly say I have never left a restaurant feeling like the Chairman of the Board, with this exception.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,11/30/2011,325,469,9,12,13>Simple and clean ambiance, great service, delicious food, and greaaaat prices.  I'm down for the cause!I've been lucky enough to have seven of their dishes and I can't wait to order more!  Basil-Lime Shrimp:  huge portion, slightly crunchy on the outside but tender on the inside, sweet flavor that's cut nicely with the tartness of lime and aromatics of basil.Honey Spare Ribs:  the combination of balsamic and honey was decadent and sweet and the portion was very generous.  I'd recommend ordering it if you're with a group as the two of us had difficulties finishing the dish given the richness.  I'd also recommend ordering either this or the Basil Lime Shrimp but not both (the two of them together were a little too similar in taste profile given the sweetness and neither have a spicy kick... both delicious though).Garlic Eggplant:  You have to have a vegetable of some kind, right?  I guess.  The whole cloves of garlic were a nice touch and the egg plant was cooked perfectly.  Tender, but not mushy.Sichuan Boiled Fish:  there was an abundance of flaky fish in this hearty dish.  At first bite it didn't seem especially hot but the spiciness definitely builds on itself.  The addition of cabbage made it seem like I was eating healthy and the crispness of green onion was a nice touch.Prawns with Tomato Chili Sauce:  order them.  They're my favorite item.  Probably best when ordered with people you're not trying to impress since they come still shelled and are messy to eat so expect sticky hands.  The prawns were huge and the tomato sauce was the perfect level of spicy.  Absolutely amazing.Red Tea Tiramisu:  like all the other dishes, the portion was huge.  The twist on this classic was damn near perfect as the red tea worked harmoniously with the mascarpone.  Black Tea Creme Brulee:  while the tiramisu was perfect, this is more perfect... so if you only order one, get this.  I love that they serve this in such a large, shallow dish.  This ensures that there's an abundance of crispy, brulee so get some of that crunchy goodness with every bite of the smooth, tea infused creme.  Service has been great both visits and I'm eager to go back and order every other item on their menu.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,11/29/2011,114,197,7,12,10>Eat, sip, repeat. Met my favorite guy pal Nick H. and his lady at Ravish this week and we definitely ravished the place. We munched on pigs in the blanket, crab cakes, pork sliders, meatloaf sliders, the artisan spread trio and pear ginger salad. We loved it. The meats were flavored to perfection, the greens were fresh and the artisan spread could easily be the tastiest in town. Excellent cocktail menu with classics and in house creations. Started the night off with the Smooth Operator. Smooth it was with Hendrick's Gin shaken with St. Germain, Bianco Vermouth & a couple slices of cucumber. Followed up with the Prickley Pear with Absolut Pear Hot Monkey jalapeno vodka, St. Germain, lime, cucumber, sweet & sour, and a dash of Tabasco. (I went with less spice on this one and it was oh so nice). Wrapped up the evening with The Equinox with Washington's own Dry Fly gin.Service was stellar, personable and thoughtful. I am a fan. A huge fan. I look forward to paying it forward and introducing many more pals to Ravish.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,11/28/2011,239,280,8,11,11>Can I please give a few more stars?  PLEASE!? PLEASE!?It's been years if not a decade since I've been to Café Flora.  I bookmarked this place for brunch after reading such rave reviews.  Well, the brunch here has definitely lived up to all the hype. Perhaps even exceeded it in my opinion.Still a super cute and charming spot, what impressed me most was the amount of options presented for brunch.  In fact EVERYTHING sounded amazing.  The menu had so much to offer and whether you are in a sweet or savory kind of mood, Cafe Flora has come up with a fabulous brunch menu which has you covered for all moods.At our table we had the spring provincial mushroom scramble, spicy rancho colorado scramble (with tofu), and the mushroom tart.  My hubby had the colorado scramble and he licked his plate clean.  I quite enjoyed the mushroom scramble and tried our friend's mushroom tart which was delicious with the pesto.At the end of our meal we polished off an order of cream scones with strawberries which were TO DIE FOR.  What happy tummies we had.I'm in love with this brunch menu and feel in my perfect element here as a vegetarian.  I think I've found my weekend brunch spot and can't wait to get back there and try the brie and roasted apple sandwich, too!DEEEELICIOUS FUN BRUNCH SPOT!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,11/27/2011,200,357,9,11,14>The devil is in the details.At Canon the details have been carefully chosen almost to the point of perfection. The space is elegant, mahogany rich, dimly lit and old world swanky. It seduces your senses, makes you think of a foreign affair... makes you want to wear pearls and lace top stockings.Proper glass wear, metal stirring sticks/straws it all creates a perfect atmosphere for intelligent banter, sexy glances and creative cocktails. Do not ask for a vodka tonic here, but expect to be pleasantly surprised with the bartenders concoction.It was late and I only had a chance to grab some fresh oysters and a few cocktails. I would imagine with this much hype, which is certainly warranted, Canon will remain busy for a while. But let me assure you -  this place is worth the wait and multiple visits.I'm planning my return as we speak.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,11/25/2011,160,99,20,26,25>Leilani I wish I could meet you in person.  To inspire such a rare delight, you must be proud.  I'm so glad that Capitol Hill is branching out of their usual hot-dog-stand versus pizza-slice wars.  Lumpia is one of my favorite Filipinos delights and what better way to serve them than fresh off the cart?!  (and with spicy sweet chili sauce?)I stumbled upon them first when coming back from Still Liquor around the corner, almost in awe that something was still open and with such bright lights!  We went up to the cart, music a blaring away and saw their simple yet very fitting menu:Lumpia $1  Bottled Water $1(This was before their family special)SOLD!  Considering there wasn't a line and the lady and guy behind the window were uber nice and eager to prepare our small bundles of crisp goodness.Encounter number 2.  Coming back from a movie with the girls I found myself the lucky one seeking food for all and a small kira-sized light bulb turned on reminding me that just downstairs and around the corner was a tiny cart just beckoning me with pretty, shiny, lights and a promise of a tasty morsel.   A skip, hop, and jump away I was ordering up a storm of pork lumpia for the girlies and I to munch on.  This time I actually talked to Jesse- the fabulous and business-savvy owner.  He actually used to work in the Business field and this entrepreneurship is no joke for him.  I told him that he was Hot on Yelp and I think that tickled him a bit :)I really think that the product is great, the idea is simple, and that they will thrive, especially as it heats up around Seattle.  But don't take my word for it, go curve your lumpia cravings yourself and you'll see why they are "Land of the Lumpia:  Home of the Crave."
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,11/24/2011,386,1001,10,13,10>The pho machine never stops. And by that I mean that Pasteur's is a finely-tuned machine of Vietnamese noodle soup. This place cranks out the good stuff. They're not messing around.They have a pretty good location--busy streets for visibility, plenty of parking, easy to find. It's not such a great location in terms of the setting; there's a lot of dragginess to many of the neighborhood businesses, but Pasteur's is nice inside. Clean, well-run, with a very pleasant staff.Today it was particularly busy. The cashier said there was some Boeing family something-or-other that brought in a ton of people. You could hear the clatter of bustubs, dishwashers, ladles, cash registers, and hustling feet fairly well continually during the 30 or so minutes I was here. They handled the crush very well, and it makes me want to come back when they're not so busy--if they're this nice, this organized, and turning out food this good when they're overwhelmed, then they must be pretty spectacular when things are slow. They had all kinds of people in here today; multi-generational families who clearly eat pho all the time and come here regularly, along with curiosity-seekers who just found themselves swept in with the current exiting the Boeing thing. Everybody seemed to be enjoying their meals. You can just kind of tell that people like eating here, even before you start thinking about what it might be that gave you that impression--the menu is well put-together, and the photo cards with different dishes all convey a positive impact. You can tell they're confident in their banh mi; they've paid for professional signs and done lots of stuff with photos around the restaurant to remind you that you like sandwiches, and just because you can't pronounce "banh mi" yet doesn't mean you're not gonna flip out and love these sandwiches as soon as you finally try them. I personally still haven't had Pasteur's banh mi, but I love that they're out here proselytizing. The fresh rolls had tons of good flavor, weren't ridiculously large, and had awesome texture. The hot milk coffee comes out in a dignified-looking shallow ceramic cup with straight sides, rather than in a water glass with a rinky-dink little tin press on top. Very nice change of pace. Great flavor and creaminess to the coffee.The pho was nice. Very dark broth, but clear. A little on the salty side, but pleasantly pungent and a bit earthy. Heaps and heaps of vermicelli. Nice flank and brisket. Not a lot of vegetables in the bowl, but the condiments were all fresh and flavorful, especially the mammoth sprig of basil. I'm still full an hour and a half later. Technically, this one's a little far from my house to warrant multiple repeat visits, but it's certainly good enough to justify coming back again and again when I am in the area.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,11/23/2011,76,510,18,25,20>I am kind of in love with Noodle Nation. Like, a lot.I've been here about every week since I discovered it (end of July), and have ordered a different dish each time. That never happens. Ever. Pad See Yew was my Thai jam for the past several years. Before that, it was Pad Thai, so you can see that I'm not an adventurous or open-to-change kind of Thai orderin' gal.Whenever I tell anyone about NN, my eyes get large and misty, and I use a lot of hand gestures. I also salivate, so I have to speak very carefully.Visit #1: Boat Noodle Soup. It freaking blew my mind! I have never tasted anything like it. The complex combination of herbs, citrus, tang, spice, along with fresh traditional veggies, WIDE (they were practically a sheet, the wider the better always) noodles, and various meats (pork and pork balls) made me swoon. They customized my friend's Boat Noodle by adding some fish balls for a buck.Visit #2: Rama Noodles. I am a sucker for peanut sauce AND wide noodles (obviously), so this was a inevitable selection. In addition to the wide noodles and peanut sauce (which was good and smooth), there were gently cooked but still crunchy veggies, and fried tofu (my pick). It was so good I almost ate the whole thing. It can easily be split in half and saved for later..but who can wait that long for peanut sauce?Visit #3: Mee Yok Ped. Spinach noodles (green, round, skinny) with crispy duck and toasted garlic. It was a generous serving of duck (not as crispy as I expected but still good). Very tasty. Highly rated despite being a "skinny noodle" dish. Haven't had anything like it. (Btw, if you don't want a lot of garlic on your dishes, just let them know and they can accommodate.)  My dining partner ordered chicken pad thai and enjoyed it so much that he came back a few days later to order the same thing.  I saved half for later, left it in the fridge for days, and STILL ate it. For breakfast. On a Saturday.Visit #4: Rard Nah. An enormous bowl (same size as their soup bowls) of wide noodles in a light gravy bean sauce that I haven't had in any other kind of ethnic food...seasonal Chinese broccoli (which I love) and fried tofu (my pick). It might be better with beef though, see notes below. I saved half for later, left it in my BAG all weekend, and mourned for its loss.Visit #5: Kuay Jaab.  I was waiting for the weather to get a bit cooler before I endeavored back into the soup side of the menu. The Kuay Jaab has crispy pork (decently crispy considering it appears in a soup), hard boiled egg, pork, tofu, and garlic. Much like the Boat Noodle, the flavors were mutli-layered, fresh, and zippy. The only downside to this dish was how few noodles there were. The noodles were wide noodles that were cut and rolled on an angle (don't know if this was intended or what, but that's how it arrived), I could have done for more wide noodles, rolled or not.Edited 9/6/11: Visit #6: Kanom Gene Gang Gai (red curry). I ordered this despite it being a "skinny noodle" dish with fresh tofu (try fresh in a curry, normally I do fried tofu, but in curries, fresh tofu is quite nice).  Arriving in the same huge bowl as their noodle soups there were crunchy bamboo, bell paper, and flavorful basil. I hardly made a dent. The curry broth was spicy, warm, and had good texture..it held up all the noodles, veg, and tofu. I would order this again but would ask for wide noodles because I love wide noodles that much. Service: Excellent each time I've gone. The water is always full, they check on us after being served to ensure we are enjoying our food/need anything. Speedy and friendly. Split checks OK. They box up your leftovers for you. And they are open super late (haven't taken advantage of that yet). Venue: High ceilings, stark furnishings with art and photographs tastefully arranged on their walls. The venue/experience almost seems out of place on the Ave; you could pick it up and move it somewhere else like Queen Anne or Fremont and NN would fit right in. Music is current pop/rock. Can get noisy when busy. But otherwise, a serene dining experience with occasional-to-frequent exclamations of how good something is. Okay, that last part is probably only when you eat here with me. Couple notes:1) Of the dishes I have ordered, rice does not automatically come with it. It is extra.2) There are no lunch specials offered. A smaller entree portion, with rice, and a salad or spring roll at the same price point would be cool.3) They do not carry beef as a meat option. I don't usually order beef as my meat but it's worth mentioning.4) With tax/tip, I usually drop ~$12 each time (ordering 1 entree), which is a higher price point for a typical lunch on the Ave. But it's totally worth it.5) They need a website with a menu/photos posted so that we can collectively drool and plan our visits.Despite these comments, I am keeping my rating at a full five stars because I love NN that much.They should sell t-shirts.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,11/22/2011,267,579,35,8,16>Somehow, I went into this experience hoping I could be the jerk who gave the place 2 stars (no offense to anyone that did) but alas, my taste buds would have gone on strike.  So, like Anton Ego, I marched in (sat in line for 17 minutes) with my nose held a little over five feet in the air, purchased two sandwiches to go, paid in cash, and was on my way.  My intention was to have half of one on the drive home, half upon arrival, and save a sandwich for work the following day. The path to indigestion is paved with good intentions.I recall the first time I ate one of those mini quiche cup appetizers at a fancy shmancy country club party, and the first time I had a vietnamese sandwich from one of those holes in the wall hidden inside the asian market... and now, I will remember biting into a Midnight Cuban (possible hate crime) while passing a Seattle driver going 63 in the left lane, and for the first time, being far too overwhelmed to shout obscenities to myself for my own benefit.  I don't really know how to describe it when flavors come together perfectly, how to seperate this and that into individual parts, but then, I suppose that's what the perfect food is supposed to accomplish.  I get it now, and I submit to the fuss.  I ate that first sandwich in 4 minutes.  Disgusting. Amazing. Oh my god, slow down. I can't.  CHEW! Chew slower or it will be gone... help me I need another one!!  OH MY GOD I BOUGHT TWO!!There was no sandwich leftover for work the next day... There was no sandwich leftover for when I got home.  I went animal.  I think the second one was gone 19 minutes after I left the front door of the shop.  I might have even cried a little, when I realized what I had done, and a large emptiness formed in my heart where once there had been cuban deliciousness...  I don't want to go back, I really SHOULDN'T go back... I'll be back.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,11/21/2011,64,43,6,10,7>I'm in lurve with this place. I'm in lurve with Kittie.The food here is SO good.Remember that scene in "So I Married an Axe Murderer" where the dad is complaining about KFC because it's too good? Here's a typical conversation I have with my girlfriend way too often:Me:          "Where do you want to eat?"Audrey:   "I dunno."Me:          "Might I suggest Bon Ton?"Audrey:   "We just ate there like 3 days ago."Me:          "I know, but they put an addictive chemical in their food that makes you crave it daily, c'mon I'm fiendin' for it!"Audrey:   "I know, let's go, it's impossible to resist that temptation."Get the gumbo. I repeat: Get. The. Gumbo. The etouffee is also amazing, as are the Po' Boys, the Turbo Dogs (Andouille from Where ya' at Matt), dirty poutine, the mac & cheese, the shrimp & crayfish Monica, ... well, you get the point. You can't go wrong.I already would have given this place 5 stars, but they really sealed the deal on Saturday, when we went in starving at 10 after 10 and our waiter (Wally) informed us they had just closed the kitchen about 15 minutes before we arrived. HEARTBREAK! He then said he'll see if they might be able to get something for us anyway. He came back an informed us that there was only one thing we couldn't order off the menu. I made sure we weren't putting them out, as I didn't want to be "that guy." Wally was awesome, I've never seen him in there before, and he went out of his way to make sure our achin' bellies were full. There's a great Happy Hour here with both food and drink specials. They've got buck-a-shuck oysters, as well as a bunch of other inexpensive options.Finally, Kittie recently updated the menu with a "Kittie's Corner" section which features vegetarian and vegan options of most of the regular dishes on the menu. Rather than being afterthoughts, this presents almost the whole menu to those vegetarians and vegans out there.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,11/20/2011,117,196,5,7,6>Thanks to a night of drinking and CapHill debauchery that involved sipping a low key rum and coke, revved into gear with a can of FourLoko, laughed over margaritas at Bimbo's, and bounced back some shots at the Cha after shaking our booties at Moe Bar - I had two delicious potato and pesto slices here within a 30min time frame. All whilst we were avoiding some random drama involving coke heads, strippers, and three guys that kept following us wherever we went.Flavorful and creative with plenty of toppings, this pizza kept me from saying truly ill-advised things by filling my mouth with cheesy goodness. Boy did I pay for it later, since my body doesn't like mounds of unhealthy fare, but it was worth the $10 to get out of there without starting some kind of brawl at 2am.There's a full bar and seating area that has looked full every time I've walked by, so there's that. They take cards, but you should bring cash. Get your pizza to go and chow down en route to the next spot - keep the party going!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,10/26/2010,142,37,12,10,11>there is something about this place that gets me all hot and bothered.maybe it's all the sexy produce. maybe it's the contact high from all the testosterone. whatever. me likey.i am very loyal to my market vendors and i won't get produce anywhere else. i have to admit, i've been cheating on them with a CSA due to the lack of organic options at Frank's. but i still supplement with produce here. when i first moved to seattle and didn't know anyone and found myself talking to inanimate objects in my apartment, i would go down to the market so i could get some groceries and talk to a human being. the friendly folks here saved me from insanity. gorgeous quality produce, cute boys to talk about it with, yummy samples, reasonable prices. i love this place!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,10/25/2010,543,163,13,21,19>As I walked by the space that was being built out over the last six months, I'd been eagerly awaiting the opening of On the Fly, the food-counter companion to Flying Fish.  I was eager for a new, convenient lunch place, and I already liked Flying Fish.  Plus, I was intrigued by their plan to offer to-go dinners, a smart move in a neighborhood like this that will be rife with thousands of young, single professionals within a year's time.So, allow me to provide a little background.  On the Fly is a separate entity from Flying Fish. There's a separate entrance.  They share a kitchen behind the scenes, but if you weren't otherwise familiar with Flying Fish and its style of food, you might not realize they were associated with one another, even though Christine Keff herself has either packed my food or rung up my order on both of my visits.The space is sparse, but notably attractive for a place that you're not apt to spend more than a few minutes in, that is, unless you opt to sit along the counter at the large exterior windows.  A selection of wines lines the left wall--to pair with your to-go dinner, I imagine.  Directly ahead is the food counter, stocked with beverages (sodas, waters, juices, and--yes--beers), sandwiches, salads, sides, entrées, and desserts.  The menu comprises a nice selection for being a small, gourmet-type lunch spot, and I was initially overwhelmed, since I figured there'd be one, maybe two, things that popped out as appealing.  Rather, there were four or five.  And that's without considering the combinatorics of the whole situation, like, say, pairing a sandwich with a salad. *head asplode*Today, for example, there were four types of sandwiches available (egg salad; bay shrimp & dill; salami & mozzarella; and ham & gruyere); five or six sides, which would make a suitable lunch on their own (Greek salad, orzo salad, beet salad, etc.); three kinds of soup (Moroccan carrot, gazpacho, and cauliflower with truffle oil); and four or five entrées (crab cakes; salmon; macaroni & cheese; and FF's fried chicken).Surely something mentioned above whets your appetite.  Probably a few things, right?  So far I'm impressed by the menu.  I expect some items will remain available in perpetuity, while others will rotate in and out.  Everything's pre-made, so it suits you well to get there early-ish if you want a full selection.  An online ordering facility will apparently be added soon.Let's talk about the food.  On my first visit, I arrived past the culturally-established lunch time, and pickings were slim.  Chef Keff greeted us herself and explained what they were doing that day: testing their computers, and ringing everything up, but not collecting money.  Given the fact that food had been being distributed for free, I was surprised there was anything left.  Still, she managed to get me a bowl of cauliflower soup with truffle oil, and there were plenty of desserts, so I chose a lemon bar.  While perhaps an atypical lunch selection, it held me over, and was delicious in the process.  I'm not normally a big fan of cauliflower, but this soup was well done.  It was slightly creamy, but without being ridiculously indulgent like a bisque.  The truffle oil countered the cauliflower flavor of the soup with a welcome richness.  If the soup was less than ridiculously indulgent, I made up for this with the delicious lemon bar.  Generously sized and suitably soft and squishy, I knew it would not be the last one of these I ate.Today I opted for an egg salad sandwich, for $5.50.  That's $0.55 more than I pay for a far less substantial and far less tasty egg salad sandwich from Starbucks, when I realize it's 3:30 PM and I haven't had lunch.  On the Fly's sandwiches--like FF's--are served on miniature baguettes, which sort of classes things up right off the bat.  The bread has a substantial crust, but was far more forgiving than, say, the baguette of Paseo sandwich.  The egg salad was a satisfying gourmet preparation, made with large chunks of egg and dill, and was not overpowered by the bread.  I opted for a small side of Greek salad ($4.50, large for $8.50), which was delicious, with generous chunks of feta, large chopped cucumber, baby kalamata olives, and an acerbic bite provided by red onion.  Together, it was more food than I had thought it'd be, and I easily could have gotten away with ordering a "side" of salad ($1.50), which is "about a third" of a "small."One small fault I noticed was that the refuse bins appear to be incorrectly labeled, encouraging patrons to throw the #1-PET cups into the compost bin.  #1-PET is not compostable.  I asked one of the amiable staff about it, and she told me they were made of corn.  But I have seen corn cups, and these were not them.  They'll figure it out, though.Given the relative value and quality of food, I expect to make On the Fly a regular spot.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,10/24/2010,160,99,18,18,17>How to make the cut and NOT be another lousy pizza joint:1)  Have a shocking name2)  Put random and non-traditional ish on your pizza i.e. strawberries, figs, potatoes, eggs (Oh my!)3)  Create a slice of pie that not only holds up through the mushiest of random fruit *see above* and greasy cheese, but also stays crisp and tasty for our stays entirety  4)  Allow a never-ending group of 16+ trouble-makers to sit down, without disruption (minus refilling the Tricerahops IPA a few times)  5)  Having red paintings on a red wallLooks like this place passed with Flying Squirrels.Special thanks to all you Yelpers who took my Event Virginity.  You know who you are =)
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,10/23/2010,499,896,19,18,19>We went, we drank, we bs'ed, we went next door to the Sunset and rocked... it was a good night.I loved the bartender/server in the bar, he was AWWWWWESOOME.  He made me a delicious pear brandy something that I thoroughly enjoyed and I always get a tiny crush on any bar employee who just makes me 'something yummy' instead of making me think about what I actually want.... am I lazy? Perhaps. But maybe I just like surprises, especially those involving alcohol.The staff were totally nice about us having a gazillion people who all had ridiculously complicated needs regarding food, drinks, bill splitting and such and no complaints did I hear. We sat in the back, it had a nice view and a laid back vibe. I ordered only the spaetzle, I do like German food but for me, it was not what I wanted that night, but the spaetzle was good, if a bit bland.  I looked at other people's food, it looked delicious, and the portions were 'healthy'...as in what you call a girl who is not thin but not too heavy... 'healthy'  This in no way insinuates that the food is good for you, I can't imagine it is, being fried and basted and topped with gravy.When I am in the mood for German food, I will go back and eat properly and update, until then,  I say the rest of it gets a HIGH FIVE!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,10/22/2010,114,197,7,10,11>Went to Tilth with old friends and new friends back in April. I haven't stopped thinking about Tilth since then. Our 8 course meal with wine pairing was like an amazing first date. That date you can't get out of your head because it was too good to be true. You begin to wonder when or if you will see that person again and how often? Will they remember you? Do they think of you as fondly as you think of them? That's how I feel about Tilth. I must see it again and I must eat and drink there again. And I hope they remember me because I love them. A lot. We were treated like kings and queens and that is how we ate and drank. Our  Eight Course Tasting Menu was Broccoli, Penn Cove Mussels, Pan Seared Sable Fish, Spring Onion Soup, Carrot Carnaroli Risotto, Heirloom Bean Cassoulet, Grilled Eel River Sirloin, Northwest Artisanal Cheese and a surprise course, pistachio ice cream.The mussels were out of this world. The risotto was perfection. The spring onion soup tickled our taste buds. The grilled eel river sirloin was unforgettable. Our server, Lindsay, made our night flawless and seamless. It was like a fairytale. When oh when will I see Tilth again? It must be sometime soon.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,10/20/2010,60,122,13,17,13>Trivia: Do you know that Brazilians at Ipanema beach clap their hands when the sun finally sinks in the horizon? Hands down, the best place to watch sunset ever! Especially since you're surrounded by scantily clad cariocas and "barbies". WHY GO THERE? Two good reasons: Brazilians prepare and serve your food. Brazilians eat at this restaurant. It cannot be more authentic. WHATCHA GOT? I love caipirinha. It's Brazil's answer to mojito. Here, they make it with cachaca (rum distilled from sugar cane) as it should be. I had frango milanesa the first time I dined hoping it would be like the unforgettable chicken I had in Copacabana. It wasn't, but it was good! What I love, which I never had before, is the savory stew, feijoada. Oi! unfasten your carnival outfit, this stew is meaty, filling and understandably the national passion of Brazil. I'm glad it's now served daily. I order the 2-person bowl with no intention of sharing. I guard the bowl like Golum. Precious!!! And eat the leftover at home. Precious!! YOU GOT SERVED. Service is friendly but not prompt. But I noticed this relaxed service in Rio as well. Brazilians take their time and not rushed. The restaurant is hole-in-the-wall at a don't-blink-or-you'll-miss-it location. It's a house converted into a restaurant with painted signage outside. SUGGESTION. If you're in a hurry, this may not be the right restaurant on a busy night. The times I dined here, the service takes a bit tad longer. But with the warm swig of caipirinha, who cares?
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,10/18/2010,149,196,16,16,15>Ladies and gents...dig into your crusty couch for change...dip into your stripper jar...and head on over to Redhook Ale Brewery with exactly $1.00$1.00 is all you need to get buzzed. You walk away with a thorough history of beer-making, a souvenir Redhook sampler glass, and of course 5 pours of beer to fill your new shiny glass!Redhook is worth the stop if you're wine tasting in Woodinville, especially if you have partners in crime who are more privy to beer than wine.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,10/17/2010,199,210,8,10,10>We discovered this place on a summertime scooter ride in search of a new dinner location. It's got a small, easy-to-miss sign, and one might be drawn to the restaurant Staple and Fancy Mercantile in the front of the building, but we were saved by the Yelp iPhone app.Despite a long waiting list, we were seated in short order, with just enough time for us to confirm that we'd rather try this restaurant than Staple. I have this issue with wait staff: they can really get on my nerves. My dream waitperson will: ask for our drink order, inform us of specials, take our order, and will not talk with us unless we send out some sort of indication that we need them. Such indication includes: empty glasses, cessation of eating, looks in the waitperson's direction. The reason? I like to talk. I like to talk with my dinner partners, and I don't like being taken off track to be asked whether the food is good. The waitperson should know the answer. Why this lengthy digression? Because our waiter was perfect. A man of few words, he got the job done humbly and efficiently. And I could talk with my dinner partner.In fact, when he described dessert simply as "a perfect peach", we were sold, and he was right. For dinner we had the bread basket, jamon on cantaloupe, mussels, pork croquettes, and smoked trout. All of the above were small plates in the $10 range and all were delicious. My favorite was the pork, with a harissa-like red sauce with a great kick. The blood-orange wit beer was a perfect addition. The peach? Market fresh, sliced in half, sprinkled in sugar, broiled until the sugar caramelized, and served on cream. Amazing.Great, subtle music, friendly staff, and pretty space. I really liked it here and will return.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2010,10/16/2010,204,515,12,11,11>Carnivores...welcome to Meatopolis!Ah the Brazillian Churrascarria...one of the many wonderful imports from that land south of the border.  This is essentially an all you can eat meat bonanza.  Several kinds of meat are roasted on a spit and are then brought to your table by friendly brazillian waiters doning large skewers of meat....That didn't sound right, but its true!  Chicken, tri-tip Beef, lamb, pork, Sausage, enough meat to pack your colon for a week.  You get little signaling devices, green for 'bring it on' and red for 'cease the meat orgy I'm full!'   They do have an all-u-can-eat side bar which have things like rice, beans, mashed potatoes, and a cold bar with vegetables, cheeses etc.   In my opinion, these things are a distraction as it is really about the meat.   Prices as you can imagine for such raw carnage is pretty steep.  $17 for lunch on weekdays and $22 for weekends and $40 for dinners.  I hope you are hungry!  Parking is street and can be an issue as it is i the downtown area.  Come here when your ready to throw your diet out the window!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,10/15/2010,133,298,14,10,8>I can sum up my experience at Island Soul with just one word.Saucy.After my group sat down, we ordered our food and a couple appetizers. A short while later, we were brought *free* seafood fritters. The waitress said it was a mistake, so they were on the house. After we devoured these delicious morsels with flaky chunks of red snapper, I confided in the waitress that they were the best mistake ever. She replied, "Really, you didn't mind? And you'll eat my mistake any time?"Saucy!I tried the Island Soul in [Five] Bowl[s], and of course that was pure, saucy goodness. The oxtails were my favorite, followed by the jerk chicken and the collard greens. The goat curry was definitely fun, but by the time I got around to it I couldn't finish it all.My one issue is that I tend to have difficulties with lots of tiny bones. Next time, I think I might stick to the ribs, where there's less chance that I'll almost eat one in my rush to eat everything.At the end of our meal, I packed up my leftovers in their to go box and tried for what must have been 5 minutes to close it up. My friends were all laughing at me, but trust me when I say it's hard to get that latch to work!! But apparently not that hard, because our waitress was able to stop at our table for 2 seconds, close the box, and walk away, leaving me defenseless as my friends made fun of me some more.Saucy.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2006,12/9/2006,188,480,10,8,4>At the risk of sounding 80, we went here pre-6 pm and because we had a coupon. Ya know, sometimes it's 5:30 and I'm just ready to head to dinner. What am I gonna wait cuz all the cool kids go to dinner at 8:00?Anyway, it was a close toss-up between using our Buy one, Get one coupon or ordering the four-course Sunset Dinner special (for which the coupon was banned). We ended up using the coupon, but I have to say that my yummy Melontinis were the favorite part of my meal. We started with the crab/shrimp/artichoke dip which was good, just not as good as the one I make at home because mine has a little kick. Chris had the chowder which he liked (they gave him a bigger serving since I declined mine), and then he followed with a delicious Cajun Alaskan Rockfish. I had the Chop Chop Seafood salad, but I should have had the small house blue cheese salad with bay shrimp b/c I wasn't that hungry after the app & hot sourdough bread. Whatever, it was free.Our server, Dylan, was impeccable. Service was leisurely because he was busy but we never felt ignored. He was very patient with my coupon questions and my need to hail the cocktail menu allllll the way from the bar. We will definitely bring visiting parents back with confidence.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2006,12/8/2006,311,158,12,5,8>Beautiful little shop that sells trendy, high end women's clothing.The display changes often, and it is my favorite storefront on Winslow Way. I drool over her display furniture way more than the clothes themselves, but I wear  Eddie Bauer/REI  outlet outfits accessorized with copious amounts of pet fur and olive oil stains ... what do I know?I know I like Cake!The hired help is more than a little bit snarky more than a little bit of the time. Probably because it is obvious that I am not gonna buy anything, I just want to feel up on the pretty clothes and sit at the antique vanity (and because after I leave, they've gotta break out the lint roller).The owner must have named this place after her favorite snack - which she never eats so she can fit into the clothes she sells.If you actually want like, *Cake*, there's a bakery next door.that's where I'll be.Eating...Cake.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2006,12/7/2006,278,486,13,7,3>As the big 3-0 starts looming in my future, I've decided to defy it by dressing inappropriately and dating younger men.  Luckily for me, I'm not the only one pursuing these goals, and that is why Papaya exists: to bring inexpensive, low-quality garments to sixteen-year-olds and those who are merely pretending to be.  Much less fancy/indie than Aprie across the way, Papaya nevertheless has the advantage of being cheap, cheap, cheap. The last time I was here, I was looking for a top to wear while going out, ideally under $20.  I'm a fairly conservative dresser, so a good 50% of their stuff I dismissed offhand as being too trashy and revealing (think small scraps of fabric held together with fake gold chains).  Their "career wear" is also a little too clingy and low-cut to be acceptable --- the kind of thing you'd see on, say, a receptionist at a check-cashing store, or a bank teller in a bad part of town.   However, there are some good deals here, if you're patient enough to keep searching.  They have good prices on basic layering pieces like tanktops and camis, and some dressier tops that passed my stringent quality-control standards.  There are even a few cute dresses that could work by themselves or layered with other items.  The prices are low, and the workmanship is about what you'd expect --- check items carefully before you buy, because I saw several that already had their stitching coming apart.   In the end, I found what I was looking for, and got it at a good price.  And, reassuringly (or not), there are always several women of a certain age in there to help the demographic skew older, along with the inevitable gaggle of shrieking, rowdy teens.  Know that you're not going to get quality workmanship or status labels here, but if all you want is something skimpy and cheap to delight your inner adolescent, Papaya is worth a quick browse.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2006,12/6/2006,21,81,3,3,3>When I used to live in Greenwood, I didn't realize that this place existed, or maybe it's new. This is a bar/restaurant. I don't know what the food tastes like. I had a beer and played pool w/friends. We had a blueberry beer. It's like a berry beer soda. It was a'ight. When we first walked in it was blasting some hiphop song, all the patrons (whom were all white stared at us coming in). We consisted of 3 latin americans, 1 lebanese and 1 asian. Based on some unconventional things that happend there, that i won't go into detail about, id like to say I like this place because the patrons all huddled around the bar had an attitude of: "people in greenwood can do whatever they want, cause we dont care what you think." i think that's awesome, and why i am going to have my 26th bday there. mark your calendars, because you are all invited!sat nov 4th is my birthday, but i think i will roll in there on nov 3rd  around midnight. just make sure the electronic juke box is playing: TI, Slick Rick, Blackeyed Peas pre Fergie, Fergie solo, David Bowie, Kelis, new wave/80's music and Kanye.Also:The place had 4 empty pool tables, 7 different TVs (where I learned from the animal channel that rollerblade-musicals exist) and it is huge.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2006,12/5/2006,3,9,7,4,2>Dear god in heaven. Or hell as the case may be. That is some good chicken. Wow. I had the spicy chicken, and while I may regret it tomorrow, right now I'm filled with enough greasy bird to seriously threaten my immediate health. It has just enough kick to it. And the rolls........pure transcendence. This is clearly the most superior fried chicken in the Seattle metro area. Don't agree? Good, don't go there ever again, because that just means more for me. I would write more now, but my heart is starting to slow down and the light is starting to dim as my blood pressure plummets. Plus I think there might be a few crumbs I can still suck out of the carpet before the dog gets to them. I almost forgot to mention the sweet potato pie. Let's just say I'm about to go do unspeakable things to mine.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2006,12/4/2006,1574,1166,16,5,7>Wanna feel stoopid? Head here on a Tuesday night to get your ass kicked by some of the best Trivia geeks in Seattle. I can usually hold my own in a round of pub trivia, and I gleefully collect all the pies in Trivial Pursuit. So I generally think I'm good at Trivia, but at the George & Dragon - I am way outta my league. These people have hand picked teams with each person responsible for their own set of subjects. They even hold study groups. Name the 42nd largest Fijian Island? Yeah, good luck on that one!After an ass whoopin' like this I'm glad that they have some tasty beer on tap. Instead of a pint, I'll get a pitcher,  because maybe I'll find the answer at the bottom.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2006,12/3/2006,44,78,6,4,4>Working a block away from Le Panier is dangerous.  Very dangerous.  My coworkers are starting to get annoyed with me because I come back from my break with stories of pastry, butter, cheese, and chocolate.  They, in turn, have to go see what I'm raving about on their breaks and well, it's just starting to become a problem.  I might have to start a store-wide early morning workout class, just because of Le Panier.If you want to follow my regime, go in there thinking all you will get is a savory pastry for lunch and then get a sweet one too!!  And then go back the next day and get a slice of marionberry tart.  Then go back in a couple of days and get a chocolatine (love the hazlenut cream in that one.)  Then go and get some petit-fours.   Four to be exact, because they only sell them in fours.  It's a plot to take over the world I tell you!  They're forcing me to buy more pastries!!If you come into my place of employment and we all look like little blimps with giant smiles on our faces, you can bet we just ate something at Le Panier.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2006,12/2/2006,26,13,8,11,6>Zanadu makes me feel happy to be a geek.  I love the fact that I can see more than just the requisite 'COMIC POSTER' posters in their window display.  Indeed, my friends, you can actually see actual items to be purchased within from outside.  They call this 'window shopping'.  Sometimes there is a theme and sometimes it looks like an 'employees picks' style display but it's always something interesting.  If you have money or not, the lady and gentlemens will always answer your questions(though they don't always initiate the conversation) about release dates or creative changes or who sucks and who rocks on specific books. While the Trade Paperback layout can be a little confusing (Marvel, DC, Image in one section, Independents of various types mixed throughout the store), they do alphabetize their new releases, so you can just walk down one side of the store and go from '100 bullets' to 'Y: the Last Man' in one continuous trip without having to remember that the Marvel titles are being segregated from the DC titles because they aren't talking to each other anymore since the Mark Millar/Warren Ellis naked jello wrestling debacle.And, on a final note, Zanadu does carry 'Adult' or, if you are so inclined, 'Nudie', 'Porno', 'Pervo', and 'Hentai' comics.  These are nestled in a corner behind a swinging cage door that squeaks loud enough to let everyone know where you are headed, so the shame factor is always in effect, just like when you were a kid fantasizing about a Storm/Power Woman/Nightcrawler threesome.  Hey, what can I say, you were a screwed up kid.  They do have a very comprehensive collection of vintage and not so vintage Playboys, for all you article readers out there trying to finish your collection of Noam Chomsky op-eds.If you know what you like, go to Zanadu.  If you don't know what you like, go to Zanadu and they will tell you what you should check out.Good Stuff!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2006,12/1/2006,59,99,13,10,5>So, one Monday evening, I was hanging out with friends here, drinking cheap beer. And I ended up drinking A LOT of cheap beer. So, as the evening wore on, I ended up giving a drunken monologue about how "Eyem ah not datin' enymur!"I mean, I was drunk. But, I was also sure that I was sick of dating. Absolutely done with it. Finito!Then I got up, stumbled down the street to the Baltic Room, and met my future wife.So, as a result, I personally have a soft spot for the Cha Cha.That said, what everyone else is complaining about is pretty much true. Really the only thing you should be drinking at the Cha Cha is cheap beer. And, it gets loaded with loaded hipsters. But, here's the thing, hipsters like that don't come out until about 11pm. So, if you go there before then its generally pretty low key and a good place to get a cheap drink. So, if you go out early, go here. Then, when the place starts to fill up with hipsters, use that as your sign to move somewhere better.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2006,11/30/2006,6,89,5,4,3>I don't understand the tourist appeal. Yes, it's been in movies, but you're essentially wandering through a long, skinny supermarket. Do you bring your cameras and ooh and ahh over the produce aisle and fish counter of your hometown Safeway or Piggly Wiggly?Crankiness aside, I love that I live within walking distance of this market. I love shopping here. The prices are generally the same or slightly lower than what you'd see at the supermarket (if you know what stalls to go to) and the people doing the selling are usually experts in their products. If I do end up paying a little more, it's worth it for the service.If you do come to Seattle (which you should) and if you do go to Pike Place (which you will), can I make a suggestion: If you see something that interests you, don't just come to a complete halt and let your jaw drop to the floor. Move INTO the store or UP TO  the counter and OUT OF the line of pedestrian traffic moving through the arcade. Just because you found something fascinating it doesn't mean the 100 people walking behind you will. :)
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,9/5/2011,942,857,9,9,8>Dedicated to my pretty sister Diane,Located on the busy street of 15th and e mercer is this cute little Thai restaurant. I've been meaning to try out this establishment many many times but I when I am hungry, I usually go to my usual Thai restaurants in Seattle.(Keep it on the safer side) Also, it's been in my bookmarked area on yelp for a very long time, so I thought,"why not check off the bookmarked places on your yelp?!!!" So I did, and that's why I LOVE YELP!!!Anyways, as I sat down and looked at their gigantic itemed menu; the specialties menu caught my eye. Spicy pandan chicken was what I ordered and it was decent. Lightly deep fried with a little spice. I would have wanted more sauce but I don't think that is how it came prepared. It was also accompanied by cold broccoli and pan fried basil. Not so bad if temperature isn't your thing. But for me, I just didn't care for it.As for the dedication item I ordered specifically for my sister.... drum roll please.......Phad kee mao, wide rice noodles stir fried in tamarind sauce with prawns, mushrooms, basil, red and green peppers. I added extra noodles for 1.50 and it was so worth it!! I ate that plate like a pregnant woman eating pickles and peanut butter!!! I Just tore it up :) To end this review is just this, please do try this place out if you're in the area. I would say it's bar none the best thai restaurant on capitol
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,9/4/2011,140,198,10,12,12>Ended up here for brunch today when our chosen lunch destination ended up being closed for a game-day fundraiser.  Everyone found something they enjoyed (even the vegan who had to cobble together a few sides into a meal). I was SO happy to see breakfast/brunch items being offered without eggs or cheese (usually I have to ask to leave those off). My waffle was crisp and delicious, the sausage was spicy and tasty, and the mocha was a perfect balance of coffee & sweet chocolate-y milk.  The dutch baby pancake tasted just as good as those we make at home.Service was excellent, and patient with the little one in our party who wanted to play and explore. :)
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,9/3/2011,226,137,8,9,8>I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place after a long day of work. They always offer me Happy Hour prices which is a nice plus. I love that Columbia City treats the people that works in the area soo kindly.Anyways, everything on their menu from the house salad to the rib tips are delicious and full of flavor. Carla and the other bartenders make the most delicious drinks. They make it pretty stiff and you can savor every drop.The staff here are friendly and engaging but definitely not fake. This place gets packed pretty quick and most night they have live music. This is a bookmark for sure!!!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,9/2/2011,528,376,9,14,11>Is it possible for someone to have "magic-hands?"  Patti, at Seattle Massage Oasis, certainly does as she is a miracle masseuse!  Since working in an office for years now, I've developed a lot of pain in my upper and lower back areas.  I've tried acupuncture, chiropractic therapy and other massage places and I was always left feeling less-relaxed, in more pain, and/or the pain would consistently return.  I was SO happy with the treatment massage (very different from a spa massage) with Patti.  I told her my problem areas and she was able to work on them, as well as find other muscles that needed work.  Her technique and pressure worked very well with what I can handle and she verbalized her steps as she moved along.  It was incredible for her to find certain spots that I had never thought of nor thought I had a problem with!  SMO does accept different insurance and Patti will personally contact your insurance if you aren't sure if you're covered.  She is a great communicator and all of my personal & insurance information was settled before my first appointment.  ***I hate dealing with insurance claims, etc, so this was a huge plus for me.  The location is alongside the waterfront on Westlake Avenue--it's very peaceful to see the water outside the window.  Her studio has room for one-patient at a time, which gives you a sense of privacy and her focus is entirely on YOU.Patti is amazing and I'm already recommending her to my coworkers!  Give her a try whether you're just pampering yourself, you have a sports injury, or you really need help with pain.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,9/1/2011,261,212,7,8,7>Wow, this is one great restaurant.  I was finally able to try Portage Bay Cafe this past weekend and was pretty satisfied with my experience.I really like the location and the look of the interior/exterior of the place.  It's really spacious inside and is really conducive to a nice, relaxing, fun dining experience.  The outside patio is a perfect place for a happy hour get-together,especially on a nice day. The menu was packed with mouth-watering descriptions of their dishes.  I ended up choosing the Rancher's Breakfast because I'm a big eater.  It came with eggs, black forest ham, homestyle potatoes, and two huge pancakes.  Since it came with pancakes, I got a trip to the unlimited fruit bar to top off my flapjacks (I think I overdid it a bit too).  The food was crazy delicious.  The fresh fruit bar was phenomenal and complimented my pancakes very well.  Everything on my plate was cooked just the way I had hoped.  I guess my only reservation had to do with the service.  There were multiple times when I had to try to wave down a server just to get water.  It can get busy on a weekend, folks.  Maybe they should just put water carafes on tables or something?  Anyway, I really enjoyed eating there and will be back to try their lunch.  I'm sure I can't go wrong with any of those dishes.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,8/31/2011,506,1620,9,13,13>This is a unique and well-deserved addition, I think, to this part of town! Being hidden along Nagle Place, it's well protected from frequent vehicle and foot traffic (more later on this). Inside is modestly set up with simple, clean modern touches and lines with hints of vintage noticable. Along all the bar seating is a sweet footrest. I like the ceiling lights with multiple strands of filament, lit up in their hot self (plus the cute floral-esque stencil pattern cover surrounding this. This can totally be a lovely night date type spot with the window tables along street side. It's quiet with limited foot traffic and the park (minus some parked cars) spanning across your FOV. I can only imagine how nice it would be once covered with snow... ---peaceful... Dare I say, there were moments where I felt like I wasn't in downtown, but some small shop on the side of a quiet road out of town.The staff is friendly and wonderful, as was the background music. Shortly after I arrived, Peter L joined me for a bit. I had the remedium cocktail (lillet blanc, gin, absolut mandarin & a splash of prosecco served over ice) and Thee Sandwich. The drink was nice and smooth. Thee sandwich was good, nothing more. The bread was a bit too tough for me. I'm no meat guru, so maybe that affected it. They put out complimentary seasoned (roasted?) pumpkin seeds.They mentioned still being in "soft-opening" mode for their customers, which is totally cool as they want to continue getting optimized before being 100% ready. Once fully up to steam, I can picture this quaint-space running full quite often.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,8/30/2011,27,115,12,14,9>This place is something else! Don't come here if: -You don't like to drink... (a lot) -You can't take quirky/weird/snobby personalities with a grain of salt -You want to know what dishes are being placed in front of you -You hate waiting for a table (there are no reservations) -You are a picky eater If you can handle all of the above, you will have a great time here! I came with a group of 6 girls, to celebrate a birthday. We waited for our table at END (elemental next door) for about 3 hours. While we waited, we munched on truffle popcorn and enjoyed a couple bottles of wine (all priced at $30 a bottle!). The staff at END were super friendly and we had a great time. When we were finally seated, Phred came over and asked us if we would like a cocktail to start. We said sure, and he fixed six different drinks! We had so much fun passing our (strong) cocktails around the table. Following that, we enjoyed about 5 courses (I think... each course is paired with wine) and desserts (three different desserts for the table). Phred LOVES making rude, awkward comments and then just walking away. It's just all part of the... hmmm... charm isn't quite the right word, but it just adds to the uniqueness of this place. Here's my favorite line: Me: "Ohhhh... what's this?" (after a course was placed in front of me) Phred: "Your next course." Me: (trying to think of a witty response) Phred: (already gone) I had so much fun here, and my girlfriends and I still talk about this experience. You really have to come here with people who enjoy unique dining experiences. Oh, and this was a whole night event. We were at END/Elemental from about 6:30-1:00!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,8/29/2011,290,437,13,12,12>It's been a headache trying to figure out what's worthy of my 300th review. So I'm finally giving in, because I may as well write about my favorite bar: Palmers. Always a strong pour, karaoke every night... two of my favorite things fused into one trashy haven.Not gonna lie, I'm not exactly a socialite on the class scale so the fact I can come in to Palmers in ultra cute mode or 'just crawled out of bed' mode makes it the ultimate comfort bar for me. In spite of my varying attire, I don't think there's a night I've been where I haven't been skeezed on by sketchy guys, but that's kind of part of the charm. If you're an average or better looking person, at least one girl will come on to you [she's always there -- one week she hit on my (female) friend, the next she hit on my friend's brother! and last time I went, I was feeling downright violated on the dance floor by this girl... it's so sad it's amazing!]There is a wide range of talent on the karaoke front but Big John is an amazing host and has a big book of potential embarrassment options... if you're new to karaoke, Palmers is the perfect place to start out! The crowd is always responsive and as a KJ, John will help you out. Also he does the best rendition of "Rock You Like a Hurricane," that isn't a studio recording.There are a bunch of little oddities about Palmers.... like, there's one stall in the ladies bathroom that is nearly impossible to close the door on because your knees are most likely going to hit the door. There's nothing classy about this place, and there's nobody trying to prove otherwise!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,8/27/2011,154,223,4,12,10>Coming to this place reminds me of eating on your friend's grandmother's porch somewhere in the deep south.  The benches are uncomfortable, but I did say they were benches.  Service was quite friendly.  We stopped by here during the Yelp breakfast club on a morning when they were doing some promotional filming, so we had to wait to go inside.I ordered the Brioche French toast.  Now *that* was a good French toast.  Don't be fooled by the minimal maple syrup they give you.  They're doing you a favor, trust me.  It's just the right amount of maple syrup.  The strawberries were fresh and also just the right amount.  It's a beautiful, picturesque dish, and it was just as tasty as it was beautiful.The seating area is substantial for a decent sized group.  All in all, I'll be back.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2010,8/25/2011,117,196,26,24,25>"You want this?Can you handle this?Well come here then."I've quoted Janet Jackson here because the reference is entirely apropos. These lumpia are hot, delicious, and a screaming deal for your late night hot food needs on Capitol Hill. And the owner is hella cute and nice to boot - you can tell he really loves his business and clientele, a key to being sucessful anywhere - but especially the Hill. (I am also bringing back "hella" - get over it.)Cash only, vegetarian and chicken options - and way too good to share with your friends, so make sure they buy a dozen of their own.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,3/17/2010,381,768,11,11,15>Elk meat tastes kind of like ground beef. BUT MORE DELICIOUS!I love Bizzarro and everything about it. I loved that even though we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, they called us when our table was ready. I love the outrageous hanging decorations that range from a bicycle, Chinese lantern to an upside-down dining table. I love that we had Molly Moon's ice cream as an appetizer (because it's just up the block). I love the house bread that comes with oil and vinegar. I love the variety of ingredients (radish and cranberries) in the starter salad. And best of all, I loved my ELK BOLOGNAISE which I cannot pronounce.I originally intended on ordering the gnocchi (I actually had to look up how to pronounce the word so I didn't look stupid when ordering), but I decided to go bold and ordered some good ol' elk. The meat was divine and ohmygosh the pasta... SO CHEWY AND SO HOMEMADE TASTING. I seriously thought pasta tasted the same, Safeway pasta, pasta at Salvatore... I couldn't tell the difference but dude, the pasta at Bizzarro is truly unique. I could taste the Italian-ness in every bite and it was wonderfully orgasmic.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,3/16/2010,942,857,7,9,9>Dope boards - checkbindings - checkcool people - double checkuseful staff - checkeverything neatly placed and easy to find things - very important and check!!!probably one of the top 3 stores in seattle that has the dopest and personalized snow board/ ski stuff you can find :)-- now let's go boarding---
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,3/15/2010,601,289,16,15,14>the power of the brown bagit's really sad when i wake up at 9 ish on a weekend just so i can eat at brown bag.  just so you can understand the caliber of this statement let me provide you with some comparatives:I wouldn't wake up before noon tomeet with friends to go joggingto meet a hot guy for a coffee dateto go shoppingto partake in the crazy black friday salesbrownbag, you make some delicious breakfast stuff and for that i commend you with four stars.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,3/14/2010,718,1048,16,12,18>It may be unsanitary and a little gross to think about it too much...BUTIt's a pretty crazy idea and I like it.I only found out about it several months ago and was pretty happy to randomly stumble onto it several weeks ago.I didn't add any gum to it, but I enjoyed seeing the different things people "wrote" and "drew" on there by adding many pieces of same-colored gum.The Gum Wall is an ever-morphing piece of art and I LIKE IT!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,3/13/2010,161,613,7,7,8>7 tacos for $9? Hell yes. This place is everything a taco truck should be: fast, cheap, and pretty damn good. I wish they had a few more options for meats, but they do have the usual asada and pollo, as well as al pastor and lingua.They have a few bar stools in front so you can eat on the counter in front of the ordering window. It was 30° when we went, so we opted to take it home. They included plenty of extra limes, hot sauce, and salsa verde.They're open 11-9 M-F. Can't believe I drove by this place for years without ever stopping by, but glad I finally did...from now on I'll be hitting it up regularly.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,3/12/2010,559,362,7,14,9>Run, do not walk,  to lower Queen Anne for dinner here. This daring new establishment by the Peso's team will amaze you. I ate as though it were the last meal on earth. It just kept getting better with each choice, why stop?  Fresh Virginica and pacific oysters, BBQ shrimp, shrimp cakes, Jambalaya, fried Alligator, New York steak, fresh corn and rice/beans sides, a few wonderful cocktails (the Katie Mae vodka-St. Germain-Prosecco  - WOW). A left bank bordeaux recommended by Shing, GM,  who is former owner of Ovio West Seattle.  Spectacular.The Bananas Foster is giving El Gaucho and John Howie a huge run for its money. Must Try selection.You have about three weeks to get in here before this room is impossible to enter. Late night will be your best option.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,3/10/2010,300,256,7,10,10>While Memos has certainly captured the late-night crowd, my favorite time is morning for their stuffed-to-the-gills breakfast burritos. Affordable and veeeery filling. Before a hike or day-trip, it's a good stop for your group to fill up. (And a nice way to work off last night's alcohol or lack of sleep.) Cruise up the Ave, grab whatever parking spot is available, and slide into a glossy booth with your humongous breakfast burrito. Even though they are open 24 hours, I've always found their interior (counters, booths, and restrooms) spic-and-span in the mornings. Size matters here and the breakfast burritos are easily big enough for two. They're fresh flour tortillas wrapped up nice-and-tight, filled with bacon, eggs, chorizo, whatever you're craving. Fillings are finely chopped and always cooked right. Their horchata is refreshing too.If you still need something sweet, you can pop into the University farmers market just up the block for Tiny's fresh plums or a Caroline's brioche bun.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,3/9/2010,683,1119,7,10,6>This bar is a resplendent display of organic Art Deco. Its a time capsule of the 1930's era. Clubby dark wood, it perfectly suits Seattle, almost like a movie set. The cocktails are unusual and perfection and they even have an absinthe fount. The  bar keeps dress in neat white crisp uniforms. This place just teleports you to a different day, when decorum , manners and style ruled society. Lastly, the pricing is quite fair given the quality of the drinks and environs. TIP: Show some enthusiasm for the architecture, and they will show you the magnificent domed ballroom upstairs.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,3/8/2010,98,643,5,8,8>For those who enjoy soaking long hours in the tub and turning oneself into a giant human raisin, such as myself. Then you MUST give Bliss soaps a walk thru. Ambiance is warm and smelling of good aromas, then you meet the owners who are truly gracious and genuine. While sniffing out different soaps I was taken in by the interesting conversations. The giant buttery bath balms are what got me along with anything containing shea butters n' creams. Doughnut soaps, mini cupcake bars and Hershey kiss soaps were so cute! For all the time my parents threatened to wash my mouth our with soap I certainly wouldn't have minded if it had been some of these soaps. My props go to these guys for being a small local biz who really put their work and creativity into it.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,3/7/2010,286,643,10,12,10>Anna has transformed me into a blonde goddess, once again. She is a perfectionist at what she does, and takes time to listen to what YOU want, and will offer her opinions. It's been about 6 months now of going to Anna, and my hair is awesome. I get compliments all the time. I am not the brunette I was born as, but now... a blonde goddess, which I feel fits my personality. :)Thanks Anna. You are a rockstar.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,10/20/2014,580,101,14,26,21>Pomerol is a refreshing new addition to the restaurant scene in Fremont. The outside doesn't catch your eye, but once you walk in you're captivated by the beautiful rustic decor and the heavenly smell coming from the wood burning grill in the open kitchen. The patio seating outside is just as lovely. It's all wood, strung with gleaming lights above, and cushy pillows on the benches to make you feel more comfortable. This alone shows me how attention to detail they are and that they are thinking of everything to make people's dining experience more enjoyable. Food:-Foie Gras: Very rich and fatty. It was seared so beautifully that when it came out I thought it was a piece of fish. The grill marks were perfectly executed. This dish came with brioche and grilled berries. The brioche helps soak the oil and is a great texture compliment. -Seared Beef Short Ribs: This dish fell a little sort of me. The meat was cooked perfectly however I wish it had more flavor. Even more salt would have helped. The sauce was on the sweeter side but very light. I would have preferred something more bold. The dish came with a medley of vegetables, which I felt made it a solid entree dish.-Lemon Herb Rubbed Lamb Leg Steak: This was my favorite dish of the night! It tasted amazing! The meat was tender and juicy and the sauce really brought it all together. I couldn't get enough of it. The lamb was cooked perfectly. The dish also came with corn, tomatoes, and baby anise, which really lightened up the dish. Drink:-Summers Tea: Made with vodka and their own sweet tea brew. This drink was very refreshing and slightly sweet. It was perfect for drinking on the patio under the warm sunshine. I had a wonderful dining experience here. Our waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu items. She even asked our opinions of each dish and would take it back to the chef. I really appreciated that because it shows that they care and are actively trying to improve. I am very impressed with this establishment and I cannot wait to watch them grow.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,10/19/2014,28,129,6,11,8>I am not going to tell you how many times I drove by this place without going inside: the outside is just that unassuming. Walk through the strip-mall-chic doors, though, and you are welcomed into a restaurant with an elegantly understated, comfortable vibe.The staff are friendly and very attentive, with plenty of time to answer questions. On my most recent visit, we started with a flavorful baba ganoush, which came with lots of fluffy warm bread for dipping, and an aloo paratha, a warm, spiced potato-filled bread. For our main dishes, I had the butter chicken, which was perfectly, gently spiced, and my companion had the lamb korma. Both were delicious, especially served over the rice, which is so good I could eat it plain.It's odd that this place has never been crowded when I've gone there, which I chalk up to the exterior of the building. Don't be deceived! Go, and enjoy.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/18/2014,221,439,10,11,9>"TA DAHHHHHH!"   :: waits for applause :: The first time we were here was for my birthday party.  In our front row seats, we saw amazing aerial ribbon performances, witty choreographed dancing, burlesque from the Shanghai Pearl and Ben De La Creme (pre-Drag Race fame).   Six years later (last weekend), I am back for a bachelorette party for the 10PM Saturday show ($40/ticket).  The Can Can Castaway is still a wonderful show filled with the same spectacular dancing, sensual burlesque, and  the important humorous back and forth with the audience.  For $100 you can get the bachelorette special ($150 for two bachelorettes... if they're a couple), they get a shot of fireball, an intimate moment from scantily clad dancers (gender of their choice as they do not discriminate), and flowers.  Think about the many photos you can get from this bachelorette special -- just do your bride(s) a favor and don't post them on Facebook.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,10/17/2014,386,1001,18,27,25>Man, these guys know how to make the vermicelli noodle soup. Should probably be they ought to, given that their first location was the first pho location of all pho locations in Seattle (at least that's what the TV said a couple weeks ago, anyway). That one's up in the ID, and this one's down in Columbia City, but, man, this place makes a good bowl. From the outside it's barred windows and heavy graffiti, hard by a top-speed section of four-lane Rainier Avenue. Not exactly gritty, but close enough to it that a few bits of grit wouldn't feel out of place. The graffiti is an intentional, professional mural that includes the name of the place, along with a bunch of huge tags and a Vietnamese girl wearing headphones and a Sonics sweatshirt. I liked the place as soon as I parked. Actually, I was pre-disposed to like it quite a while ago, given how long I have been meaning to try it.In through the barred door, with the chains and padlock tastefully pulled back like a curtain sash, and there's a huge low-ceilinged dining room with a couple dozen tables. It can't possibly be this big on the inside when it's that small on the outside, can it? Is this like the Weasley family tent from the Harry Potter movies, that looks like it sleeps 2 but actually sleeps 30? Whatever. No matter. It feels nice enough. The tables and chairs don't match, and the floor is worn old linoleum tile, but you'll live. Have a seat. It's a bit dim inside, even on a blazing summer day. It's a bit at the mercy of outdoor noise and temperature; if it's warm out, it's warm in here, which means the door is open and you can hear traffic. But if you sit toward the back, the noise fades. The menu's pretty short. They have all the major pho groups and a few of the usual suspects for appetizers and drinks. They pretty much focus on the soup.The condiments hit the table first. Huge sprigs of deep-green and peppery-fragrant basil. Crisp, juicy, huge leaves. Crisp, huge bean sprouts. The jalaps and limes are equally fresh and explosively flavorful. The broth is mild and tangy, not much earth, a little seasoning but not heavy and definitely not hugely spicy. The chili paste and hot sauce hook you up, of course. House-made hot sauce, a little too sweet and tomato-y for me to go crazy on, but still well spotted in the bowl. The noodles are perfect. Nice chew, not too clumpy even if you're slugging to stir them. The meat is amazing--fresh and flavorful, perfectly flat, no crinkle. True pink when it hits the table, truly cooked by the time you get to it. Everything down to the last spoonful is delicious. A big, a medium, and a lime juice were $17 after tax. Dig the hell out of this place for sure. Definitely be back whenever I get a chance.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,10/16/2014,43,241,3,9,7>Went to the soft opening today (7/8/14).  They seem to be firing on all cylinders.  Had a pastrami sandwich with fermented kraut, swiss and Russian dressing on a light rye.  The pastrami is cured and smoke in house and is excellent.  It is well seasoned with a nice amount of smokiness to it.  Also had their version of a banh mi with country pate, roast turkey, carrot, daikon, cilantro and a tiny bit of fish sauce.  It was very nice.  The pate makes a great sandwich.  The also had a variety of salads to choose from, but I wanted to try out their sandwiches first time out. There were items for sale by the pound out of their deli case. And they have beer and wine available in addition to soft drinks. Great spot.  I look forward to seeing what they have to offer in the future!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/20/2014,10/15/2014,344,187,4,10,7>While Local Burger is still working out the kinks, the food is tasty, the beer list is long and the service is friendly. We went last night and we must report that the burgers are hands-down far better than Lunchbox Laboratory's burgers. We had the Hillbilly Burger (topped with bbq sauce and crispy onions) with fries, and the Juicy Lucy (TDF - Brie mixed in with beef!) with Mac n cheese ($2 up-charge). We started with a delicious beet salad (with both red and yellow beets) that was a good size to share. Yum!!!They offer a full bar, wines and a list of about 25 local beers - impressive!We were sad that they did not have onion rings or carrots - we hope they have them next time. And we are excited to try the apple fritters for dessert on our next visit - we got there late and the kitchen had closed before we had a chance to order dessert.Overall - the food rocks. This is going to be yet another awesome spot on Main Street's "restaurant row."
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,10/14/2014,26,89,9,8,7>Cheap, filling, and tasty. Be still, my beating heart. No, not THAT still. A repurposed KFC building that is going for the historic look by never renovating or updating the layout or decor, which is fine because the food is dank and the burritos are comically sized. I almost always get the Bravo Burrito because it has rarely failed me, the meat is well seasoned and cooked, and the combination of sauces and juices delight the fat bastard hiding inside of me, especially when he's had a few drinks. And under 6 bucks! Yessssss.I've tried some of their tacos on accident once (that almost always thing comes full circle) and they were pretty alright, I liked the carne asada and I've been told that the rest of their menu is worth trying out too, and at the great price I'm foolish to not explore. But those burritos....
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/13/2014,22,94,9,11,10>I ordered the "fast eddie" (had the cheese taken off) and a side salad with vinaigrette.  This meal was very good.  The sandwich had lots of different textures and complimented it self very well.The bread I think was toasted a WEE bit longer than I would have liked, making the outside slightly black, but even with that I still enjoyed it.  The tri-tip steak was very good. They did not ask me how I wanted to eat my steak, and I have found this to be a regular thing, but not in this case.  It was well done, and I like mine med-rare.The inside of this place has a deep red tint to it, so it has a great ambiance if you want to take a date here, not much seating but it holds about 25 people and another 10 people at the tiny bar in the far corner.  This place does look great on the inside though.  It's usually the most crowded place on the block.  Be prepared to wait a few mins for a seat.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,10/12/2014,140,456,5,10,8>I've never eaten in Thai Thani's restaurant, but I order takeout from them on occasion.  I've tried a few different Thai restaurants in Ballard and so far Thai Thani is my favorite.  They've got good flavors and seasoning.We love their fresh rolls--packed with lettuce and veggies with a delicious peanut sauce.  It's like a fresh salad in your hand.   Their Tom Yum soup is tangy and delicious.  Our two favorite entrees are the pumpkin curry and Pad See Ew.  One of the things I really like is the choice of rice (jasmine or brown) and the option of steamed noodles with your curry.They've got a small parking lot (just off Leary) so it's a cinch to call your order in, swing by and pick up your dinner.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,10/11/2014,141,414,11,10,9>ANOTHER bakery in West Seattle. Yes, YES! Just what I want, nay, need to fulfill my sugar addiction. I didn't even know this place was open but thanks to my fellow's sister (shout out to Denise) she filled me in. I consider myself a cupcake and cake master. I've had a lot: good ones, bad ones, and everything else in between. My palate has been seasoned, if you will. My palate knows that these are damn fine cupcakes.Stuffed Cakes is in a little shop full of personality. The window is filled with cake and cupcake models, the walls are bright colors with their logo colored in by many a child's hands. If your child wants to partake there is a table with pages of their logo ready to be full of Crayola. What makes Stuffed Cakes different is their offerings of the day are based on what custom orders they have. You get to try a different cupcake each time you enter their doors. That sounds like an adventure to me! I went a little crazy and snagged four cupcakes: Momma's Margarita, The Rolo, The Bourbon, and a strawberry frosting topped white cake cupcake. Yes, you heard margarita and bourbon. THEY DO BOOZY CAKE! I can comfortably say not one was a no. Each and every one of those cupcakes was impeccable. Momma's margarita was a drink in your mouth, salt and all, plus stuffed with a lime filling. The Rolo, oh my god The Rolo, was a chocolate cake, with caramel buttercream frosting, with the clincher: caramel in the middle. The Bourbon I felt I should savor as I would a bourbon neat while the strawberry frosting on the last cupcake tasted like strawberry ice cream. It was impossible to pick a favorite. I had some questions about custom orders and while they were up for anything they are unable to accommodate multiple cupcake flavors in a dozen. If you want more than one flavor you have to order one flavor in a dozen than a second flavor in another dozen. Not a dealbreaker by any means especially, according to the website, they can make any flavor in cake or cupcake form. Stuffed Cupcakes, thank you for operating. I anticipate we will have many encounters.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2008,1/15/2009,164,329,11,10,10>i come in with my sunday market partner-in-crime and was just browsing when i happened upon this lovely purse...*first thought: this has to be pricey... things are ALWAYS pricey when you walk into cute little boutique-y shops like this**second thought: why do i even bother?? this is a huge heartache waiting to happen...***third thought: maybe if i promise my first-born... : O LOL!!*sigh* ok here goes...i locate the price tag...take a deep breath...and close my eyes... kind of... ; )taa daaaaaa!!!!!! SUCCESS!!! a cute purse for under $50!!!! this is my lucky day : )oh i just love you damsalfly!! you are so cute i just wanna squeeze you!i can't wait to come see you again and find great pieces without breaking my bank...
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,1/14/2009,336,164,7,8,10>My family has been going here for EVER.  My dad loves it.  For X-Mas he gave me a $150 gift card... I took a friend out for the omakase dinner.  WOW... Tasty, delicate, fresh... with an amazing variety in tastes and textures, not overly filling, just right.  Paired with a big frozen bamboo stalk filled with sake, it hit a spot that doesn't get hit that often for me:  I get to eat like a rich person and not sweat about the other things I need to spend my money on (in real life!)Thanks, dad.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,1/13/2009,189,149,11,14,15>Even if you don't like chocolate, you just might try this place. They have stuff here that puts your Cadbury's and your Hershey's to shame! I came in here because I was treating myself to a mani-pedi next door and thought I'd take a look. They didn't even bat an eye when I came in walking on my heels with my shoes in my hand, which I totally appreciate. Just one more reason why I love Upper Queen Anne!I took a look around, just trying to get my bearings - they have EVERYTHING here that I've never heard of - I was Uber-impressed. You want to try a Belgium chocolate w/ 72% cacao? They have it.How about 63% Cacao from South Africa?Yup, they have it.Argentinean dark chocolate with 85% Cacao?Of course!Okay... don't quote me on those exactly, but you get my point! They even carry some Theo Chocolate bars here. Plus they do have some things they make in house. I tried a dried apricot covered in dark chocolate w/ spiced cocoa bean crumbles on top, a dark chocolate wafer with dried cherries, raisins, and pumpkin seeds (the seasalt was a great addition) and I can't wait to open my blueberry marshmallows! I also got a 4 pack of other chocolatiers stuff and am looking forward to trying those!Great find, but be prepared to pay for quality... This isn't Nestle!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2008,1/12/2009,57,80,24,31,27>It is with tempered enthusiasm that I thank Todd for my stylish new haircut. I'd also like to extend that gratitude to the several Yelpers who recommended him, saying "He can fix anything!"When I came in on Monday, I looked like I had been attacked by a four-year old wielding a pair of dull scissors. (Actually, I'd just gone to SEVEN Salon.) The hair on the left side of my face was an inch or two longer than the hair on the right side of my face. I had random tufts sprouting out in various spots around my head. It was not good.I was so afraid and nervous about getting another haircut, but Todd dealt with it well. He was calm and knowledgeable - and he came up with an action plan within the first few minutes. An hour later, my hair was symmetrical. The random tufts were gone, and I had a sophisticated haircut with a flattering shape. Today, I washed my hair and styled it myself for the first time since the cut. I just used the diffuser on my hairdryer and some curling creme. In seven minutes, I looked just as nice I did when I left the salon. Bonus points for:* next-day appointment - I called on Sunday, and was in on Monday.* wide selection of current magazines - I got to read the Anne Hathaway post-breakup article in Vogue while I waited. Sweet.* appropriate conversation - I've had stylists unload personal problems on me, attempt to become my best friend, try to talk about my romantic life - Todd did none of those things. Thank God.* magical fix-it abilities - The client before me came in with black hair. She left with a flattering, hip shade of red. That might defy science.If you made the same mistake I did and got a haircut without consulting the Yelp discussion boards, don't fret. Just call Todd. He can fix anything!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2008,1/11/2009,131,175,7,11,12>We came here for a late breakfast on a lovely Saturday afternoon. It's just a few blocks from the house we're currently drooling over, so we decided to check it out. Of course, I was instantly charmed by the "people love us on YELP" sticker so prominently displayed in the front window. We were greeted upon arrival by a warm and small interior, with some really cool art on the walls and old church pews for seating. The decor is eclectic, as was the clientele, a mom and her son, a yoga-enthusiast  couple, etc... The menu is very small but there were quite a few tempting options, though we both ended up with "The Hangar", which was a crepe with eggs, ham, cheese, spinach, onions and tomatoes topped with a poblano chili sauce and creme fraiche. It was quite tasty, as was the OJ. The service was also very warm and friendly, just like the atmosphere. It just seemed like the kind of place I would come to get breakfast on my days off. Hopefully, soon, we'll be able to just walk right over.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,1/10/2009,173,265,14,16,13>$7.00 Tuesday Special!  I can't believe I'm saying that's cheap, but compare that to any of the big chain theaters and it is very inexpensive.  Their movies are independent, and they're often the only theater (in all of Seattle) showing whatever is playing there.  That is an accomplishment.Just saw Let the Right One In there tonight.  Excellent movie, check it out while it's still playing.Questions answered:Do vampires like candy?  (Negative)Do cats like vampires?  (Negative)Are there people in Seattle so lazy they take an elevator as opposed to walking down a flight of stairs?  (Positive)By the way, I just read that Let the Right One In is getting remade by Hollywood.  I bet you $25,000,000 it's going to be a flaming pile of monkey dung.  Anybody care to take me up on that?  The way I see it, I only need one person to agree and I'm set for life.  Easiest $25,000,000 I ever made.Minus one star because their seats are old and not so good if you're tall.  Other than that, it flat out rocks.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,1/9/2009,269,587,16,13,11>Okay, who the hell named this place? Because when you first get asked  "Hey man you want a Honeyhole sandwich, it's delicious"...you have no idea if that person is being serious or asking for a knuckle sandwich. Anyway I finally dropped in at Honeyhole last weekend while some friends were in town.  We all ordered hot sandwiches, I remember ordering the beef brisket and pulled pork. In general I'm not a fan of barbecue sauce, but the sandwiches were quite tasty. So was everyone else's sandwiches....especially the french dip.  In all honesty, I think I still like Salumi and Paseo sandwiches better. BUT the sandwiches at Honeyhole are still delicious and filling, there is no line, the bread is better than Salumi, available seating that isn't plastic lawn chairs or a very cramped communal table, they take credit/debit cards, unlimited soda refills, and what's this....FRENCH FRIES?!? YAY!!!  I think we have a winner.  Honeyhole kick ass, I will definitely be back....very soon.~Gp.s. I will NEVER stop laughing anytime anyone says the words "Honey Hole"  Heeheeheehee. Oh and their big fish eating little fish hanging on the ceiling is hilarious...I just look up at the little fish and imagine it screaming "Noo!!!!!!!!"
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2008,1/8/2009,15,88,18,16,14>Q:  "I can has cheeseburger?  It's 8:45 ..."A:  "Yes, Meesh, you can has!"Red Mill closes at 9.  We pile into the car and gun it, arriving just in time!  Fate is on our side.  Our burgers come wrapped in foil, and as I dine in the parking lot with a tall boy of High Life between my legs, I reach enlightenment.What is it about these burgers that is so delicious?  The fresh squishy bun?  The meat that actually tastes like meat?  The Mill sauce that moistens the burger without oozing?  The crisp lettuce?  The cool tomatoes?  The creamy American cheese (you can sub in Tillamook if you wanna be all fancy)?  I can't put my finger on it but then again I don't really wanna.Perhaps this is a sign of the times here in 2008, but anyone who loves cheeseburgers and "can has-ing" them must go to Red Mill.  Similarly, if you've ever been to California and enjoyed an In-N-Out cheeseburger, you must go to Red Mill.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2008,1/7/2009,779,709,24,25,28>A little after-show after-funk with the crew and cast of Bullshot Crummond found me here last night.I am really kicking myself for not making the last WSHH if they went here!I loved this bar. The only catch, for me, is it is only beer and wine. Since I'm usually a *just one drink, maybe two* kind of girl most of the time, that limits me and I don't like boundaries and rules that I can't break.However, I did have a taste or two of Betsy's drink choices, a mudshark and some fancy beer we dubbed "queen of bologna" when no one could pronounce it.This is the kind of bar I wish I had in my neighborhood. Sprawling mixture of tables, bars, and TONS of stuff to do!Pool tables, REAL darts, foosball, board games and some sort of bowling game.  Well, it's little pins and a ball on a string you swing to knock down pins...that likely has some fancy (or obviously simple) name that I don't know.The staff and patrons were all friendly, everyone having a good time.Parking wasn't too difficult, even at that hour on a Friday and with the place pretty packed. I've unfortunately had a few reviews where I detail something is just "missing" at a bar or club to really make it 'work'. That is decidedly NOT an issue here.And they are dog friendly!!!Can we have an Elite event here? Or at least another WSHH so I have reasons to return over and over?!?
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,1/6/2009,91,486,24,18,20>To all you people who don't like rowdy, sweaty girls with musical instruments gettin' all up in their grill while you're trying to sing karaoke, I have two words:My bad!I just can't control it. Like the full moon to the werewolf, something in the music-lyrics-beer combo turns me into another person entirely. Add in Cousin and her bag-o-tricks (i.e. percussion collection) and it's all over. The greatest thing about karaoke at the Waterwheel was that the karaoke-master didn't get pissed at us and make us put it all away. Dudes at the *other* places in town (cough-Ozzies-cough) apparently don't like their patrons to have a good time. No such snobbery at the Waterwheel.Let's see, what else was so great about this place? Well, for starters, when I ordered a Mack-n-Jack from Stu (owner), he offered me space to place my face right under the spigot. I declined, but still appreciated the offer. The fries we ordered were super good too! AND, just in case you feel a little hefty after the beer and pub grub, there are two exercise bikes out in the back to burn off some calories! You know, in case you're not comfortable making a spectacle on the dance floor (like yours truly).
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2007,4/25/2007,188,480,30,7,10>MemoTo: Tiffany S.From: The ShowboxYou're old.But thanks for trying to stay awake for a show that started at 10:40 pm. Nice use of our massive columns for leaning. Did we actually see you close your eyes at one point?We'll see you back here when we start running an Early Bird Special.*snicker*
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2007,4/24/2007,33,173,14,7,11>It was hot yesterday, and on my way home from shopping downtown I staggered into Great Clips and cried out, "I want to have almost no hair!"A tall guy with short hair calmly sat me down. "No hair? You mean, like hers?" He gestured at the other hair-cutter. "Yeah. Well, maybe not quite that short. It wouldn't look as good on me, my hair's bristly.""You really want it short?""Yeah.""I don't want you to freak out on me.""Well, you can't help it if someone tells you to do something unreasonable. I'll take full responsibility!" He showed me a picture and set to work. "Yeah, it must have been hot, wasn't it?" he said. "I cut my own hair yesterday, too. It was down to here," and he gestured about the middle of his chest.This sounded strangely familiar. I looked at him in the mirror, and the memory started seeping up.One day about two years ago I had hair falling down all over my shoulders and back, tangling itself up and making itself obstructive, and when my comb wouldn't go through it I decided to try a sharper implement.Then I tied a bandanna over my head and scampered down the hill to Great Clips, crying, "Help, help! I ruined my hair!"It was that same guy, with the same short hair, who sat me down and set out to restore my aesthetic health. And he told me the same thing, that just yesterday he'd cut off his own hair, which had been halfway down his back, like mine.Odd coincidence, or just a natural response to haircutting weather? Or maybe he always keeps his hair short, and tells little fictions about its recent lengthiness to reassure his customers?I always hope to avoid hair-cutting people, they seem so disgusted with my inability to describe what I want my hair to look like. I put off getting my hair cut for years, and then try to do it myself, and then run for help. Since I'm no longer anywhere near my Chinese teacher or my ex-boyfriend's mom, it has to be commercial help. The people at Great Clips don't make my hair as pretty as it's capable of being, but their lack of superciliousness more than makes up for it.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/6/2007,4/23/2007,278,486,7,11,7>Walking into Cyndi's is like stepping through a magical gateway that takes you straight to Nevada.  It's hard to imagine a place that more perfectly (and, I suspect, unironically) captures the essence of a run-down casino coffee shop that hasn't been remodeled in twenty years: the faux-wood paneling, the red vinyl booths, the sea of light brown everywhere you look.  If only there were a couple of ancient video-poker machines by the door, the illusion would be complete: a tiny oasis of downtown Reno in Seattle.Actually, there are some stylistic flourishes that a true Reno coffee shop wouldn't bother with.  The swiveling wingback barstools are pretty amazing, as is the oversized metal-and-glass flower sculpture running the length of one wall.  You can groove to the soothing sounds of Muzak versions of decades-old songs while you eat your breakfast, or ponder the trivia questions included on your menu and bill.The one-sheet menu is refreshingly brief, and doesn't overwhelm you with choices, though substitutions are graciously accommodated.  Breakfast options are your standard offerings, although, oddly, toast doesn't seem to be included on any of the entrees (none of us got any with our meals).  The coffee, while served quickly, wasn't great, but our waitress was right on top of refills.  When one of our meals came with an unwanted scoop of butter, the waitress snatched a fork, impaled the offending blob, and carried it off to dispose of it, returning with a clean fork.  So, you know, kooky but enthusiastic service.My eggs Benedict were disappointing --- the hollandaise was soupy and blah, and the ham was deli-thin sliced and draped on the English muffin, not a thick slab of Canadian bacon as it should be.  The home fries were pretty good, though they could use more seasoning.  My dining companions reported that their French toast and waffles were good --- and for those who feel strongly about such things, Cyndi's serves the old-fashioned waffles with smaller holes, rather than larger Belgian waffles.Prices range from $7-10 for entrees, with most around $9.  I wouldn't go out of my way for the food here, but the ambience and the friendly service make it a decent place to meet up for a weekend brunch.  If anything, it's a little too friendly to be truly Nevadan --- and that's a good thing.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2006,4/22/2007,44,78,5,8,4>Taxi Dogs doesn't mess around when it comes to a hot dog.  A small space located at the north end of Pike Pl. Street (which I refer to as 'the end of the market'), Taxi Dogs serves up a variety of yummy, good-sized, well-priced dogs.  They're more like full size sausages, really.  One will fill you right up.If you're like me and need a little variety with your dog, add on some grilled onions or peppers for a small fee.  Or, get some yummy potato salad or macaroni salad on the side.  OR, you could do what I did last time and go nuts and get a meal, which included my hot dog, potato salad, chips AND a drink, all for around 7 bucks.  I couldn't possibly eat all of that food, but the price was actually a few cents cheaper than just the dog and potato salad by themselves.  Taxi Dogs is owned by the same people who own the grocery/deli right next door.  My 'dog artist' (I just coined that...get it?  Like a subway sandwich artist..ha...ha..) said that if I ever got a hot dog and needed a place to sit, I am more than welcome to use the tables just inside the doors of the grocery/deli.  Fancy that!  He also gave me a punch card and went ahead and punched 5 purchases on it.  It must have been my winning smile.The ONLY drawback (and I hate that there even IS one) is that they don't take debit cards.  Sigh.  This is one reason why I don't eat at Taxi Dogs as often as I would like.  They do take checks and there is an ATM in the grocery/deli next door.  But still!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2007,4/21/2007,1574,1166,47,2,8>Answer in the form of a question:What scarred little Michelle B at a young age and caused her to be the type of person that snickers every time someone says "balls?" The Erotic Bakery!Sometime in the mid-80's I dropped my Speak & Spell to go off in search of a snack, and opened the fridge to find a bakery box inside...oooohhh....somehow I just knew there would be a cupcake in the box. I was excitedly opening the box while calculating the punishment I would receive for eating a cupcake that wasn't mine when all of a sudden...uhhh....why is there a pink pointy thing on top of the cupcake? What are the white drips of frosting supposed to represent? OMG MOM!!!! What is wrong with this baked good????????????Does this also explain my fascination with cupcakes? I've got to go call my therapist now. So much for cathartic yelping.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2007,4/20/2007,150,101,17,6,14>Aren't ALL firehouses supposed to be known for their excellent cuisine?  What kinds of dishes do you think we could come up with in 24 hours, with ten other guys to stand around and watch you cook?The one question I've was asked more than any other before being assigned to Station 25 on Capitol Hill was, "Are you a real Hawaiian?"  ...but right after that they asked me if I knew how to cook.  Stupidly, I said yes.  I've always been able to prepare firehouse meals without problems before - for anywhere from three to twelve hungry firemen - but I found the most demanding conditions anywhere at Station 25.  First of all, you'd better have at least three drink choices, and they need to be served in a pre-chilled, ice-cold glass.  And one of 'em had better be chocolate milk.  Next comes the salad.  Would you assume that eleven hungry guys would be satisfied by a few bags of pre-made lettuce salads?  I did - and I was wrong.  You better sharpen up your chopping knife, because it took not four, not five, but SIX sliced up salad vegetables IN ADDITION to the lettuce before they stopped grumbling.  Dressings?  I wish I had a photo of the TWENTY PLUS (not a typo) bottles of salad dressings in our fridge.  Now, I always try to make a cooked vegetable too - steamed broccoli, tempura yams, boiled corn...  not every cook does.  (When I asked about this once the reply was, "What are you trying to say, that pototoes aren't a vegetable?!?"  Sorry, Rod.)Speaking of potatoes - have a starch too, BESIDES the garlic bread.  That's right, in addition to pasta, or potatoes, or rice... you WILL serve garlic bread.  It's a staple, and apparently goes with everything.  Lasagna & garlic bread, teriyaki chicken & garlic bread, meatloaf & garlic bread, ham sandwiches & garlic bread... see how it just rolls off your tongue?When you shop for dinner, don't bother looking at anything smaller than one whole side of beef.  True story - we once bought EVERY SINGLE CHICKEN at the Capitol Hill Safeway, then sent the aid car to QFC for one more just to be make sure.  The only thing worse than having too much food, (we don't want those damn C-shifters eating OUR leftovers) is having too little.So, this might still not seem to be the challenge that I made it out to be, right?  Well the final two criteria are the kickers. Dinner better be ready by six o'clock, (even if you go out on 26 alarms that day...) and it better be less than $5 per person.  That's right, your maximum budget is $55.In spite of all this, dinner comes off without a hitch every night.  Maybe just a testament to the "can do" attitude, maybe just a lucky streak.  The food is always great, and the company's the best.  I think I kind of take it for granted since it's just a given every day.  But, after looking from another perspective following some comments from a recent guest, I find a true appreciation of all the firehouse cooks' skills and creativity at Station 25 - as well as their ability to cook their asses off every night even through all the criticism.  Hat's off to you.Parking:  On site parking lotReservations:  No.  Invite onlyPricing:  $5.00 - CASH!Counter service:  Get your own damn drink!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2007,4/19/2007,5,31,28,14,16>The utter definition of 'wow' food.  The kind of place you would send Rachael Ray for her $40/day show, before she became so obnoxiously ubiquitous as to be plastered on Triscuit and Wheat Thin boxes as far as the eye can see, if she had ever bothered to ask what was good eats, so to speak, in Seattle.But that's a review for another day.  This is about Paseo.I was first introduced to Paseo a few years ago, by my brother and his then-girlfriend.  He gave me a piece of his sandwich, and I just couldn't wait to take my girlfriend to this purveyor of pork nirvana just down the street from where we lived.  The very next time she asked me where we should go to dinner, I said, "Paseo!""What do they have?", she queried.  I told her that they had these divine pork sandwiches with a mayo-based sauce, onions and jalapenos."Nah, that doesn't sound good.  Let's get Thai food."Months went by.  The seasons changed."Where should we go for dinner?", she asked one night.  I suggested Paseo again.  "Isn't that that sandwich place you told me about?""Why yes, I believe it is!", I exclaimed."That doesn't sound good.  Let's get Thai food."Months went by.  Seasons changed."Where should we go for dinner?", she asked one night."You know, I really think you should try Paseo.  I had a sandwich there earlier this week, and I really think it is something you'd like."She pursed her lips and raised an eyebrow at me.  "Okay, whatever.  Are you sure you don't just want Thai food?"And we went to Paseo.  And it wasn't good, it was awesome.  She made pleasureful noises while eating her sandwich.  When she was done, she sat back and relaxed for a minute.  And then she leaned forward, knit her brow and in all seriousness told me that I was a bad boyfriend.Because I had not brought her to Paseo sooner!Yet, for some reason after that, I still married her, and we still go to Paseo.**update: Wifey told me I had to put in the parts about Thai food, as they were indeed part of the conversations.  Usually Djan's, in case you were wondering.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2006,4/18/2007,59,99,17,3,3>My wife rarely pulls rank in our relationship, but this is one occasion where she has: I am no longer allowed to eat at the Wing Dome.Apparently, she got tired of me eating a bunch of hot wings there. Chasing them with a bunch of cheap beer.  And then spending the rest of the evening rolling around on the living room floor moaning and cursing life. You see, hot wings taste good, but do not mesh well with the fragile state of equilibrium my stomach generally en devours to maintain.That said, any spiritually minded person should be required to eat at least one of their number 7 spicy wings. If only for the quasi-vision quest state they induce. For example, when my brother and I were eating at the Greenwood location, he ate a #7 wing then got up and went for a walk around the block. Upon returning he was fairly convinced that he had met God. More than likely, it was just some bearded senior citizen out walking their dog, but -then again- who am I to question the powers of the hot wings.All this said, if you do choose to go to the Wing Dome, I recommend going to the Greenwood location since this location is both small and apparently closed for renovations.EDIT: As of late October, the remodel seems to be complete... but I'm still not allowed to eat here.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2007,4/17/2007,164,329,5,6,4>hey julia z.- you wanted to do a bellevue gathering... let's do a happy hour here!! :)i went with the girl yesterday to pass the time instead of sitting in the horrid rush hour traffic back to seattle... good choice!! happy hour available M-F 3:30-6:30, M-Th 10- close, and Sunday 4-close (you think i might have memorized that?? heck no!! i took the happy hour menu bitches... heehee)160 beers on tap and can i just tell you that anyone that came to the bar to order a beer took quite a bit of time... there's a TON of taps to stare at it's almost dizzying!!the food... oh the food!! so so good... you like sushi?? ranges from $1.85-$2.85 for certain rolls and there at least 10 different appetizers to choose from for the same price. *added bonus* a really fancy lookin restaurant with really comfy bar stools... you don't get that too often either!! the rest of the bar area has a lounge feel to it with couches and i think i even saw a fireplace!!i've come to realize that cheap food means regular priced drinks... and that's ok for me since i'm typically your 1 beer drinkin girl!! YAY!!seriously, let's come here for some happy hour fun... and when you park in the structure they'll validate your parking!! you can't beat that :)*side note* my gym is right upstairs so if i'm feelin guilty, i can always go work out!!  HAHAHAHA!! CHEERS!!!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2007,4/15/2007,62,63,11,8,7>Turns out I excel in reconciliation.We ventured into Senor Moose for breakfast last weekend solely on the recommendation of our fellow yelpers.  In fact we didn't even know where we were going.  The conversation was something like. T.  Hey, I read a couple of really good reviews for a place on Leary you want to try that?S. Sure, Which place?T.  I can't remember the name or where on Leary it is.S.  Got it, lets drive.We almost gave up when we saw the crowd standing outside Senor Moose.  T.  That's IT!The dining room was small and crowded but the tables turned fairly quickly and very soon we were sitting in the window savoring a decent cup a joe and perusing the menu.  And what a menu.  There were a number of offerings screaming out for attention making the choice very difficult.  Trish opted for the Potato Melange.  Think veggie scramble with potatoes instead of eggs.  Delish.  The veggies were bright and fresh and tasty.  The melange came with the yummiest wheat toast ever, Thick and crunchy AND chewy with just the right amount of butter.  Since Trish can't have wheat I was forced to eat it.I, after much deliberation, chose the Huevos Divorciados.  Two tortillas layered with eggs separated by black beans and topped with red and green salsa.  Now these eggs really had no good reason to be separated so I used my cunning powers of reconciliation to bring these exquisite flavors back together.  And we all lived happily ever after.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,10/17/2008,200,171,27,23,26>Is the $10 trunk outside? It is? Yes!  I slam on the brakes and squeal into the parking lot to rifle madly through the trunk of normally $50-$80 t-shirts (I know - t-shirts? for $80?).Last Friday: success! At least 5 possible maybes from the trunk. I walked into the store to try them on, and oh look! on the back rack (where the stuff from the down town store goes to die): a classic little black dress - perfect for my girly weekend! And oh look! an adorable little sheath dress! Both dresses were half off the last marked sale price. The shop gal assures me I can get away with showing a little leg. Is she telling the truth or making a sale? Hard to say, but I choose to believe the leg is okay.Best shopping experience ever: I felt like Mother Teresa saving all that money (because, you know, Mother Teresa saved stuff. I think), and hell, now I look like a million leggy bucks!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,10/16/2008,519,323,15,16,17>I volunteer with Big Brothers Big Sisters.  When I get together with my "Little Sister" we always try to do fun stuff that we both enjoy.  One thing we have in common is our love of different kinds of foods.  It just so happens that my little sister really likes sushi. How did I get so lucky to get matched up with a kid that eats the same stuff as me? I don't know, but I'm glad because we can go to Blue C sushi, have food we both like, and not break the bank.  She's a kid and doesn't expect the most "authentic sushi" in town.  Plus it's not in our budget to spend a ton of money on eating out.  I can't help but like this place more each time I go. This is why: It's fun, it's tasty, and it's inexpensive.  We stopped here on Sunday, split an avocado roll, tofu veggie roll, and tempura veggies.  It filled us up and our bill came to $7.00!!  Yes the sushi rolls are enormous and hard to fit in your mouth, yes the wasabi is strangely mild, and yes it's Americanized!  News Flash!!!! This isn't sushi hand rolled by Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto.  That's why you're only paying $1.50 to $4.00 for it.  It's like expecting Taco Bell to taste like La Carta de Oxaca.  That's not what this place is about, and if you go in expecting that then you're missing the boat.I think Blue C rocks.  Just don't go expecting some fancy, high end sushi joint.  I doubt you'll be disappointed.  Oh and I forgot to mention how ridiculously delicious the cream puffs are-try the chocolate one, it is amazing!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,10/15/2008,300,256,6,12,13>After the mixed yelp reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect from Smiths. It's Sherlock Holmes meets John Wayne, a few uppity English frills layered over musky cowboy masculinity. Dark wood illuminated by clear, unfiltered daylight. Mismatched chairs buttressing sturdy longtables with snarls of laughing guests. The brunch diners were happy - one family, a few couples, some larger groups of friends - and I was pleased to settle in with a book for a few hours of tasting brunch group and sipping Stumptown coffee. Akin to the White Horse, this place suits me as the spot for a long, lazy meal, not a drunken late-night revelry. We ate a bacon cheeseburger, green salad, and baked eggs while listening to Etta James sing over a loose techno beat. Deliciousness was served on smooth wooden platters. The tiny details really made this meal - the amazing cheeseburger was topped with house-pickled cukes, the salad was a simple plate of the tenderest, most delicate new greens, and the baked eggs were cloaked with a fantastic, potent Gruyere. While Smith's slogan is, "Get hammered. Get nailed," I'm going to go against the grain and come back to simply get chill with a book and some elevated pub fare on a lazy Saturday morning.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,10/14/2008,251,244,21,19,22>First of all, my trip to SAM was less than typical considering it began around 3 AM. As a tribute to the departure of the Louvre's Roman Art installment, they stayed open for 35 hours straight. Now if only I hadn't gotten to the Roman portion of the museum around 5 AM, I think I could've given it 5 stars. Alyson at SAM @ 3AM: OMG, OMG, being in the museum in the middle of the night is one of the coolest things I've ever gotten to do!!!!!!!!!!!!!Alyson at SAM @ 5AM: Woo. Roman art. (blink, blink, blink) Sleepy time now?Admission to the museum was half off between the hours of 2AM and 7AM, but surprisingly this didn't encourage cheapster nutsos - the patrons were mostly youngish college-type kids and some older die hards.It was my first trip to SAM, and I was pretty impressed at the diversity of the installments ranging from American Pop Art to Aboriginal Art and lastly Roman Art from the Louvre, which will be departing rather soon.Now, I don't know too terribly much about art, and since I was in attendance with an actual Art School Graduate, I figured I'd just keep my mouth shut and just appreciate the beauty and oddities of what was offered for my viewing pleasure. If you're a noob like me, many of the installments offer handy and informative descriptions of the artists, the mediums and sometimes the inspiration that brought the piece to fruition.I can't imagine myself going back frequently just to wander through the regular exhibits, but for a special event such as the one occuring last Saturday, I'm a permanent definite "IN".
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,10/12/2008,942,857,19,12,14>40 % off.... well that's not a good sign for me... the shoe guys were fabulous!!! there isn't anything better than a gay salesman that knows his shoes!!! :) - Five starsThe saleswoman in handbags was hella stuck up I wanted to hit her, but I really wanted this prada clutch so I tried not to be a snob back, but it was really hard when they are rude. ---- me bitching... me :wow this marc jacobs bag is on sale? wow.. that's incredible.. but the hardware isn't as heavy as my mj bag.. --sales woman : it's because it's new...me : oh really? I didn't realize it was new, I didn't think you guys sold old bags at barney's... ( mumbled.. dumb old snobby snatch... )me : can I buy this clutchsales woman : you know it's $$$me : yeah, I know.. here's my amexsales snatch : oh ok.... do you need anything else?me : another sales person..new sales person : super great... and I told him that I want to return my clutch and rebuy it from him because she was such a bitch... and bought make up and a shirt from him... thank you new sales person.. too bad I love barney's.. but only by guy sales people.......
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,10/11/2008,11,72,7,8,7>I was totally blown away with this LITTLE place. I ordered the pulled pork #2 sandwich and I couldn't believe all of the flavors I was tasting.I forgot that I read on yelp they only take cash, all I could think about was trying this place out and how hungry I was. I had to walk back to my vehicle  to count change and for some odd reason I was able to find around $8 in dimes hidden in various places throughout my truck.I haven't ever had a sandwich like this before but I can promise you that this won't be the last time!!!Thanks YELP!!!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,10/10/2008,37,90,8,7,7>This is by FAR the best Gelato I have had in seattle. Followed by literally, outstanding customer service, their sandwiches too are made with such care and are delicious + 923892 sorts of amazing. (even IF you might have to wait a bit longer for them to make becasue they are toasted in an oven it is wellll worth it)"Home of the free Lenny scoop" goes a longgg way at Royal Grinders. How can you beat a free mini scoop of ice cream upon every visit so you get to try a new flavor?!?!? Oh i know! You can't!Some of my favorite flavors are strawberry jalepeno cream, spicy azteca chocolate, kiwi gelato, and rose gelato. They always have original, fun homemade flavors and honestly every time I come here, there will be at least one flavor that I have never tried.Saturday I stopped by around 10:30 and I guess one of the guys that works here plays in a band, and he had his band set up and play outside in the eating area. It was one of those amazing 80-degree days that turned into an amazing 70-degree, cool night and you got to listen to some great music while eating gelato. GOD WAS I IMPRESSED. Im not sure if the whole band thing is a regular occurrence, but I sure the fuck hope it is!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,10/9/2008,318,575,19,18,21>This is an awesome freaking used bookstore, man! They have a ton of books, pretty cheap, and the people who work there are actually nice. I can easily get lost for an hour or more in here. Not lost as in can't find my way out, but lost as in, "oh crap, I wonder if they have this book...yippie!!" (Then I do a little dance in the aisle and every one looks at me all weird. I have only had the cops called on me once, though.)Seriously, lots of books here, many different categories and subcategories, and all reasonably priced. A must visit whenever I am in the U-District.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,10/7/2008,64,88,8,15,15>Hello, my name is Hanna and I am a movie nerd.  Thankfully, Central Cinema is the answer to my addiction.  There are few ways better to watch a movie than in a small theater with great food and alcohol.I have been to other restaurant/movie theater combos and they truly suffer in comparison to Central Cinema.  Usually the food is highly mediocre and overpriced.  Not so with this place!  They have a good assortment of gourmet pizzas which is a welcome change from the regular cheese and pepperoni.  We ended up going with the Apulia.  Damn, those roasted tomatoes were tasty.  I could have devoured the whole thing myself it was so good.  Instead, we split it and a hummus plate.  Wash that down with a nice bottle of white wine and you have a great dinner and a movie for about $50.I'll be back.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2008,10/6/2008,63,213,8,16,8>You wanna go oooh and ahhh and whisper 'gawd it feels gooood'.  but everyone else in here is either asleep or silent... you want to have a relationship with this person who is giving you the best neck/back and shoulder rub while your feet is soaking in a warm bucket of water lined with a plastic bag; but you're sitting on the thin line of pain and ecstasy and words get in the way.  You can't go wrong getting either a 60 min foot massage here (first 15 mins include a shoulder/back massage).  It's heavenly especially after a day being on your feet - and believe me, you'd sleep like a baby that night!  What did you say?  You get off work late?  Well, they're open from 10am till midnight everyday!  Can you say 'HOORAY!!!"? :)  They also provide full body massage (yes, you're fully clothed all the time) and combo packages at very reasonable prices ($45/hr).  I suspect they do the full body massage in the privacy of a room... but at $29 for an hour of pleasure for a foot massage, hey, i'd say it's worth every cent of it.  It's no fancy spa... no fancy products and no sweet talking from your masseuse to say how young you look or how soft your skin is.  Well... unless you speak Mandarin lol.  You get your foot massage in a big room on a lazyboy kind of chair with whoever else has found this place...Make an appointment to avoid having to get here and wait for an hour or two at the fun-packed (NOT!) pacific rim center.  If you DO run into such a situation (waiting game and it's raining outside, head over to the hair salon for a quick shampoo/dry for $15 :)  That'll kill some time :)Warning: do not wear your favorite top here.  it's direct contact when they give you your shoulder / back therapy as oppose to putting a towel on top of your clothing before massaging.  Wear pants that can be scrolled up above your knees.Oh, and how can i forget: free parking!!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2006,8/2/2006,278,574,7,7,6>Linda's is one of those places i've always avoided in Seattle, not only because it was a favorite of an ex-gf, but also because it tends to attract the same scensters as the cha cha, only slightly more strung out.However, this past weekend I ended up having brunch there, out on the back patio, and it was actually kind of cool.  They even have a cocktail that is made out of Emergen-C, which is perfect for Sunday morning hangovers.So hey, have brunch with strung out hipsters sometime
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2006,8/1/2006,37,101,6,1,2>Most everything at Skippers has gone unchanged since I've remembered it in the mid 80s, from the texture of their breading, to the paper towels at each table to the condiment/silverware island.  I've said it once, and I'll say it again, as simple as it is, Skippers Clam Chowder is the best.  *shutting ears* "lalalalalala"Plus their mascot Skipper the Parrot is way cooler than Ivar's clams with legs.Skippers is good eats for the young and the old.  Come down to your local Skippers and rub shoulders with your geriatric homies!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2006,7/31/2006,15,36,,2,4>This is one of my favorite movie theaters to go to.  I remeber when it first re-opened a while ago and the owner was so excited about it, he even went on to tell us that his wife designed the bathrooms.  This place makes you feel the movie experience, instead of going to a cineplex.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2006,7/30/2006,11,43,1,3,2>Tasty. Variety. MMM.The menu was a bit overwhelming to me (looks good, but what is it? Uh oh, my roots are showing) but I easily solved that dilemna by going to the deli case and getting some quiche. (Wait, is that a cod quiche? Oops, better have the ham and leek instead.) There were many salads to choose from as well.I also enjoyed the Truffled Gaufrette Chips. These are thinly cross sliced potatoes fried with parsley and garlic on top, the first one I ate was loaded with garlic. I believe there's no such thing as too much garlic, so the meal was a grand success in my book.The eclair I had was surprisingly filled with a chocolate creamy custard. Not something I eat with every meal, but I was testing out different things... and loving it.I had a very nice person helping me, too. This place is not inexpensive, though. Soup was $6, sides are $5 and most of the lunch items are around the $9-$12 price range. However, if you pay by credit card, be sure to tell the person if you want to tip them so they can append that to your bill.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2006,7/29/2006,311,158,18,13,12>"And I ask myself: How did I get here?"What I like about Blackbird: Real cups, pots of tea, the fact that you can get toast w/ jam with that pot of tea.You can't beat the LOCATION for people watching(It  IS Whitebread Island, so mostly not the most interesting people...but if you're lucky, a liveaboard and/or shipyard worker will be sittin 'outside ready for a nice chat, or a lost tourist family will ask you where they might go for some fun ... Answer: back to Seattle).Lots of folks hanging with their dogs - I love a nice dog, so that's a big plus for me. Be sure to look for Callie, the Bassett hound in the outdoor seating on Madrone Lane. She's there on most sunny days, and some not-so-sunny ones.They have several vegan and gluten free options for my friends who lean that way.The pastries are good: nothing to get excited about, but nothing to complain about either.What I don't like: Snotty ass baristas and lots of screaming brats accompanied by their over dressed parents talking on cell phones or to each other and ignoring said monstres - welcome to Whitebread Island.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2006,7/28/2006,278,486,5,8,4>Growing up in the Bay Area, I used to go to the Exploratorium as often as I could drag my grandma there.  Don't get me wrong, I'm totally science-dumb, but I LOVE LOVE LOVED the optical illusions and lightning ball that made your hair stand up and all the other cool science experiments they had there.  Oh, and the glow-in-the-dark box where you could pose against the wall and make a silhouette, remember that?  I do.  Obviously.So when my friend revealed that he had the Pacific Science Center hookup, I was totally stoked to go.  I was a little worried that it wouldn't be quite as enthralling as an adult, but I needn't have worried - over half of the people there didn't even have a kid with them, and weren't even making a pretense of family fun.  Science is for everyone!My very favorite exhibit is the Butterfly House, a big steamy greenhouse environment where HOOGE, brightly colored exotic butterflies flutter around everywhere, sometimes deigning to sit still long enough to be photographed.  They have a habit of hitching a ride on visitors, so you have to be dusted down and visually examined before you're permitted to leave.  And I saw some hott butterfly sex while I was there, so that's always a plus.Other cool exhibits include a green-screen video game where you put on mitts and play virtual soccer (I sucked at this), a small but nifty dinosaur exhibit, the ever-lovin' tidepool where kids can jam their hands in the water and poke at terrified anemones and starfish, and an outdoor water park where you can run around in a big hamster wheel or spray water at targets to make them spin and move.  Oh, and they have an IMAX theater, which you have to pay separately for.One of my favorite parts of any museum is the gift shop, and the Pacific Science Center's gift shop is really cool.  They have lots of fun sciencey toys and kits there, plus the inevitable pens, koosh balls, rulers, light-up sticks, and more.  Don't miss the postcard rack with the NAKED MOLE RAT, a frightening pink nude rodent that is spectacularly ugly.  I bought four postcards just so I could horrify my friends when they opened up their mailboxes to pink, hairless skin.Even though many of the visitors are adults, you can't entirely avoid those damn kids, and unfortunately they haven't yet learned valuable social lessons such as TAKING TURNS or GETTING OUT OF THE WAY FOR BIGGER, STRONGER ADULTS WHO WOULD ALSO LIKE TO PLAY WITH THE ROBOT BULLDOZER.  You know who you are, sweatpants kid.  I'm coming for you when you least expect it.So what I'm trying to say is that the Pacific Science Center is fun for all ages, and good for a full day's worth of educational amusement.  It's not as big as the Exploratorium, but it's still pretty good, and you can always rationalize a trip as "continuing education."  The naked mole rat awaits!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2006,7/27/2006,44,78,10,8,7>BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO BOOTH, PEOPLE!!!!  Multiple bars, decent restrooms, good acoustics, multi-level standing areas, and an effing photo booth, for a mere $3 to boot!!!  I think I was actually more excited about the photo booth than the concert.....
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2006,7/26/2006,7,14,2,4,2>Seriously killer beer. I'm not kidding. If you like belgian ales, they take some very interesting liberties. The Ambrosia is my fav. And their IPA is packed with flavor to spare. The food is decent. It's classic pub food, which you don't see alot of in Seattle. (I mean, come on, half the bars in this town serve ahi tuna something or other...say wha?)
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2006,7/25/2006,5,19,12,10,9>I will write this review in the third person from a conspiracy theory point of view...Flounder entered the 'Garden' but he didn't know why.  Oh he said he was hungry, but it could have been a CIA implant to make sure he cycles his money 'through the proper channels.' He also called the restaurant 5 minutes earlier to order the General Tso's Chicken since it is on his way home and it was late... Too Late....note to self  "who is this General Tso, and why do we eat his chicken.  Check with immigration and the NSA for known aliases"The chicken was ready and then paid for (Less than $7 for Dinner). Flounder asked for the chopsticks.  This was an obvious code word for the 'alien autopsy microfilm' to be passed to him, but it never was.  This is the time for action! Flounder opened the delish container and consumed the chicken of the day (not of the sea).  The food and service at the JG is excellent.  Great location.  Great Menu. Fast Service.  Flounder would give it five stars... but the MAN wont let him. Damn the MAN.Quick tips for Julie's:1. I have ordered a '3' on the spicy 1 to 5 scale and had an out of body experience due to the heat.  I also ordered a '2' and couldn't tell if they had even added any spices. This means you pick at your own risk and hope for the best.  Perfect for you adrenaline fanatics.2. They do not necessarily include chopsticks with the to go orders.  Check your bag before you leave if you want them.3. Most of the lunchtime specials are excellent and ready to go super fast and less than $5.50.  That makes it a sure bet if you are on a clock.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2006,7/24/2006,0,1,3,6,3>I've been going to the waterwheel for years, and, yes, could consider myself a "regular".The thing about the Waterwheel is...hmm....it's like going to a bar that exists out of time and space.Let me explain what I mean:-At 35, I'm usually one of the younger folks there.-The square footage is just a bit larger than my apartment.-The bathrooms are sparkly-cleen.-The booze is cheap.-The food is cheap.-The finest cheeseburger in Seattle (no, really).  Not fancy, just mmmmmm good.-Tami the weekly bartender will actually give you a hug when you come in, and cut you off when you need it, not when your head hits the bar.-Did I mention Cheap?-Weekend bartender Toni laughs at all my stupid jokes.-I have a drink named after me!  Tell Tami you want a "Jason" and you'll get a tasty sensation ONLY found at the Waterwheel.-On your birthday, you get hosed down with water.-Pool is just fifty cents-The jukebox contains everything from Johnny Cash to Eminem to Patsy Cline to Sublime to 80's hair-bands to the Star-spangled Banner.-Hey kids! Do you like violence?  There is an occasional fight.  Sometimes between girls!!Just go.  You need to experience it.  Bingo night is Tuesday.  Monday is Taco night.Enjoy! (and tell them I sent you!)
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,11/8/2008,224,247,6,9,10>What a great idea to fit all the cheesecake goodness into a cupcake size treat. Located in wonderful Pike Place Market. I enjoyed the Quad Chocolate with a side chocolate shot sip drink. I was ready to take on the crowds of people that flock through the Market.. You have to treat yourself once in a while.  its nice to treat your friends, but don't forget about you. The Confectional is another reason to visit the Pike Place Market.I chant these words a couple times out loud before I take a bite "Forgive me chocolate for I have sinned. I have not yet had my daily confection " ~ from Paul B, Verano, Owner   =)
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,11/7/2008,390,547,7,14,15>Love this place. Love it. Glad that Canlis exists in a sea of overly casual, ridiculously priced Seattle restaurants. When I go out and spend $100, sometimes, I'd like it if I weren't surrounded by people wearing tevas, socks and their REI fleece. It's nice to have a place that actually requires formal (jacket at least) attire.  Plus it's got what I would call classic cuisine (french-inspired) with just a hint of northwest flavor - they're not trying some fancy trendy fusion cuisine that we're sure to grow tired of next week.The food and service has always been perfect. I highly recommend going with a bunch of friends so you get lots of wine and benefit from their extremely knowledgeable sommeliers.  If you're really looking for something romantic, reserve the private "Cache" dining room for 2-4 and have dinner with your SO overlooking lake union while enjoying the service of a private waiter. No one bothering you, except to magically bring you things before you even ask (seriously). They don't even bother you with the pesky bill at the end of the meal so you can pretend it was free (in reality it gets charged to the card you put down when you made the reservation and the bill gets mailed to you).Not somewhere most of us can afford to eat on any regular basis, but a great place for special occasions, and a true Seattle institution. Interestingly, I've been here a couple of times when people who clearly can afford to eat on a regular basis come in - it's amazing to watch the wait staff cater to the true regulars. If you're lucky, they will take you on a tour of the place and you can see all the wine glasses they keep for those regulars (gifts from the Canlis family, you can't buy one) and learn some of the amazing history.Highly recommended. Don't forget to order the molten lava cake when you sit down (takes an hour or so for them to prepare). It's great.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,11/6/2008,65,92,8,8,7>I kicked off my "no sweet treats" diet yesterday, and commemorated the event with a last hurrah of Molly Moon's.  It was daytime, so they still had waffle cones-those warm, chewy/crunchy, sweetthings- so it was a perfect final treat.The thing about Moon's, and what makes it special, is that personal touch the fresh, handmade (from a machine) icecream has.  It is obvious even from the menu, with flavors like Cardamom(not a fan) and Balsamic Strawberry(a fan).  The personal touch also translates into the traditional flavors, however- her chocolate is the most fudgy-tasting, hearty choco ice I've ever had.  The coffee is made with bean specks of ground Vivace coffee, an has a unique flavor remniscient of a fresh latte (somehow she kept the sense of foam, too).If you don't want two heaping scoops to yourself, but want to enjoy more than one flavor, you can spoonful-taste anything, and if you're nice they will usually split a single scoop serving into two flavors.The downside, of course, has already been mentioned: the lines can get so long you'd think the cones were battery-powered.  Plus they usually run out of waffle cone batter in the evenings.  The prices can be daunting, but after sampling the sumptuous sweets here, you'll balk at Baskin Robbins' cookie-cutter flavor selection.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,11/5/2008,20,5,9,6,6>Before I begin, I must reveal myself as a Cupcake Royale loyalist. And while I would never leave my beloved Cupcake Royale, I certainly don't have a problem cheating on it with Trophy, particularly on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Peanut Butter and Jelly cupcakes make a man do things he might not feel quite right about. Plus: triple coconut -- for those who are happy with single coconut, but have the feeling there must be something more out there ... Bonus: the staff seem to love the cupcakes as much as I do. Gripe: no wifi, and Wallingford Center is always overrun with kids getting their hair cut. (I know, kids in a cupcake shop. Who would have expected?) People seem split on the outdoor seating issue: you can sit outside, it's just not technically Trophy's seating.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2008,11/4/2008,164,329,11,12,12>A girl can only eat Mexican or steak sammiches so much!Instead of a typical dinner at the Mexican place next door or the restaurant with the awesome HH I thought we'd try some thai.Had dinner here just the other night with my man who, by the way, was pretty reluctant to go here... he even called our neighbor to ask him what he thought of it and to make sure he thought it was good!!! SHEESH...Arrived a little after 6. Service was great and we sat down right away. We both had a pint of Sapporo (so good!!). I got the chicken rad nah 1 star, he got the garlic beef dish 1 star (I'm a wuss so he ordered 1 star and then asked for hot sauce so we could share).Food was great! Beer was great! Watching my guy drown his food in soy sauce after putting WAY TOO MUCH hot sauce on it was great! He downed his beer, his water, AND my water... lolFree delivery after 5pm with a minimum purchase Lunch specials everyday from open til 3 except holidaysIt's convenient and my food was tasty. Will be back soon.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,11/3/2008,189,149,12,14,12>Wow! The bbq pork sandwich is like buttah baby!Even now, thinking back to it.... 5 stars all the way! What's better is that I could only eat like half of it in one sitting, so I got to have a repeat performance later that night.Since my first trip there (btw, really really hard to find the first time - I passed it twice before I found it!) We've had catering at our showroom and I have to say. Still 5 stars! LJ was great to work with on the planning and Dixie herself was so cute! She insisted on remaking our cornbread because she thought she over cooked the first one.The beans are amazing, imo. The pulled chicken is great and the pork ribs are sooo meaty! Tender too - I accidently bit into the bone and found marrow a couple of times.... kinda ewww, but damn that meat is good!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,11/2/2008,29,17,7,5,7>The trendy "gastropub" moniker makes me roll my eyes and chuckle the same way bubble tea does but, monikers aside, I had a lovely first experience at Spur last night.I'm not quite sure what to think of the understated machine-age cowboy aesthetic but It's cozy and dark while remaining tasteful, spare and modern. The food was delicious though some of it was borderline fussy / flashy. It's clear, however, that there's ample experience and creativity happening in the kitchen. The chicken confit fell off the bone and melted. The burger was damn near as good as the Palace Burger and the skinny fries with smoked fleur de sel were heavenly. My oenophile friend claimed the wine list was well thought out too. I ordered ice cream for dessert which the friendly and enthusiastic server described as "An ice-creamy interpretation of caramel corn." (See fussy / flashy, above) It was corn-flavored ice cream under a torched sugar shell and a sprinkling of some salty white powder, that I think he said was made from olive oil or something. Delightful.Now, because of the Belltown location, Friday and Saturday nights at spur will likely be all about double-parked Hummers, frat boys with faux-hawks and drunk girls sobbing into cell phones but I predict Spur will be a welcome oasis of civilization on other evenings.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2008,11/1/2008,336,164,11,17,17>This place saved my life.  On a quest for real Hawaiian food, I've been disheartened by many Seattle spots.  Most places can handle Spam musubi or Loco Moco or Teriyaki, but come up short when it comes to other dishes.  Kauai is the only place in Seattle I have found REAL POKE.  Raw cubes of fresh ahi marinated to with shoyu, garlic, chili pepper, and seaweed. More authentic than other versions I've had around town. Kalua pork is cooked perfectly, the best mac salad (no mustard or pickle), and kimchi cucumbers.  I bought a large order of poke, a quart of Mac salad, and 6 mini manapua ($1 each) to take home. Enough food to feed me for a few days. My friend got the fish burger ("plain, but not bad") and pineapple-coconut cake (Tasty!!)  I'm going back here once a month.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,10/31/2008,173,265,18,21,19>Pizza that demands to be eaten with a fork and knife.  "Why?" you ask?  "The toppings," I answer.  Me and two friends got a medium pizza that cost about $25.00!  We were skeptical that it would be worth it.  Upon biting into it we knew it was.  We got the one topped with BBQ chicken, fresh garlic and mushrooms, onions, and literally oozing with cheese.  Upon checking their web site afterward, I learned that a medium pizza weighs in at 4.5 pounds!  I had to double check just to make sure that crust was even there.  Did a little roll call ala Murray from Flight of the Concords.  "Crust."  "Prizzent!"I could subtract a star for it being so expensive, but my taste buds won't let me because it is so delicious.  Make it a once-every-couple-of-months outing and you'll be good.NOTE:  This is a tavern, which means 21+ only!  You know what that means - No kids!!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,10/30/2008,131,175,12,25,18>I know, big surprise, 5 stars. I decided to take my husband here for his birthday last night, and made reservations like a month ago, WAAY before a menu was planned. So we were totally flying blind.Last week, when we got the email from AOTT with the menu, I have to admit I was a bit disappointed- it was a lot of tropical/southeast Asian flavors, which I don't normally go for at restaurants (what can I say, I'm a francophile), but we figured wtf, it's supposed to be great.So we showed up at 7:25, frustrated by the misleading google maps directions, parking stymied by some Buddhist leader at the temple next door, and were welcomed into the warm folds of a happy little womb of nourishment.Chef Dustin came out with a little amuse bouche of stir fried eggplant, sesame, mint and chile, drizzled with chive oil. Heavenly. I could already tell I was going to LOVE this meal. We also were really impressed by the rosemary water we were served.A few minutes passed and Dustin was out with his first course: a chilled avocado soup with basil lemon yogurt and Chinese chile peppers. So creamy, yet deceptively light. We practically licked the bowls. It was served with a DeLoach chardonnay, which was kinda meh, but I don't like Chards, so there you go.Next course: Columbia river Sturgeon with garlic spears, pea shoots, creamy jasmine rice and an asparagus/ lemongrass broth. The broth/ veggies were a-maz-ing. And the sturgeon was cooked impeccably, with a lovely crust on the outside. I could have used a touch more salt on mine, but that's a minor gripe. Paired beautifully with our Walla Walla riesling.Before the third course, everyone in the restaurant had begun commiserating together, eavesdropping, chatting about food. It was like a gourmet paradise. Dustin presented a palate cleanser- a little cup of sherbet which people thought at first to be lemongrass. But I was the one who guessed it right: Kaffir lime. Nice.The third course was pepper crusted pork belly with pickled cucumber and rhubarb. Oh lord. He had me at pork belly, but this was different than any other belly I've ever had. It was tender and shreddy (like a pork shoulder) with a nice little fatty peppery bark on the outside.  And the rhubarb pickles? I'll be stealing those for sure. It was served with a 2006 Beaujolais, which was light enough to not overpower the citrusy acidity of the sauce, but had enough balls to stand up to the pepper on the pork.By the time dessert rolled out, it was almost 10 pm, and I was in love. With my meal, with my husband, with life. We were served a lightly sweetened vanilla bean panna cotta with a mango, pineapple and strawberry relish and mint syrup. And it was fabulous. I wanted to stay there forever and eat 4 more courses. We were both sad to see such a fabulous dinner end. The innovative and inspired food, inviting atmosphere, and fantatsic and personable service ensure that we'll be back- probably not for a little while (a tad pricey, but worth it) but we will indeed.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,6/2/2012,239,280,8,10,8>Distinguished. World-Class. Debonair.  At El Gaucho, the food, ambiance and service are all of these things.I attended a green card party for a friend at El Gaucho recently and realized although this was a place that I frequented every few years or so, the experience was consistently the same. We sat in the private room, adorned with a wall of champagnes and wines and decorated with fine wood furnishings.  We had our own server who handled our very eclectic, loud, drunk and politically-incorrect group with nothing but grace and a smile. We ordered lots of wine, appetizers, dinner and dessert and one by one we oooh'd and ahhh'd everything we ate.  So what did we have?Most of us ordered the 8oz filet mignon..this vegetarian included (out of principle, folks) and we ordered a variety of sides including mashed potatoes, mushroom risotto, baked potatoes, lobster mashed potatoes and soups and salads. The hubby had the Crimini and Portobello risotto which was creamy and heavenly and we also ordered several desserts on the menu. Of course the flambé dessert is always a winner, watching the two dessert chefs eloquently dodge flames, adding liqueurs to dessert plates full of goodness.At one point I had to excuse myself and use the ladies room when an employee met me half way, reached out his arm, and next thing I knew I was being personally escorted to the restroom arm in arm being given total red carpet treatment.  Gotta love it! Ahhhhh, El Gaucho.. like a vintage classic movie, this is a restaurant which will be forever elegant and stylishly timeless.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,6/1/2012,601,289,10,9,12>Husband in the suburbs, Boyfriend in the City. I usually go to Hot Yoga inc during the week for many reasons.  1.  is the amazing community of yogis and 2.  is the location.  It's on my way home and it's great to get a work out in after having a stressful day.  I love my home yoga studio and there's a reason why they won so many awards!  they're homey, comfortable, great and they make me feel good.  so i felt like i was cheating on them when i went to Urban Yoga Spa... but like all romantic love affairs the elation that you feel over come the guilt.  I mean, how can you not feel happy after a yoga class from UYS?  They pamper you, have a better/modern looking studio  with a lot more space and more class offerings.  They even have ample showers and changing room space so you're not having to do the small space wiggle.  The teachers even go around fanning the towel to get better air circulation.  It's like, they know me, even though we just met!!!Though i can't see myself ever leaving HYI i can def see myself having a very long love affair with UYS.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,5/31/2012,113,273,23,21,18>I'm fairly poor most of the time. Actually all of the time. I generally have to have a drink or two before looking at my balance because it is without fail shockingly low. This means that there is no sushi for me pretty much ever and that is no way to live. Kick me while I'm down, sushi, just go right ahead.Except I found out yesterday that HOLY MOTHER OF GOD I CAN AFFORD SUSHI. Specifically Wasabi's happy hour deal, which runs all day on Wednesday and Thursday in the bar. The happy hour menu is long and generous, allowing you to order a la carte or a combo of any three items for $13. I was expecting that to mean two pieces of this roll/one piece of sashimi/a smidge of wasabi but nope, these are full size portions. They do not skimp on their happy hour offerings.I chose the sashimi set (escolar, albacore, salmon), the spicy crab roll, and the eel roll. I was deeply pleased with the sashimi, cut thicker than I usually prefer but still of great quality and extremely tasty. The spicy crab roll was tempura-battered to perfection and, though not really spicy, real crab and real yum. The eel roll was delicious, as eel rolls always are. There was ample accompaniment of ginger/wasabi/seaweed and all told it was enough food for two solid meals.What really elevates Wasabi to a 5, though, is the management. The GM was flitting from table to table, taking orders and clearing plates, making sure everyone was satisfied and had everything they wanted. He even stopped by our seats and offered us some complimentary unfiltered sake, which was excellent and completely unexpected. He works hard to make sure everyone's happy, and I'm thrilled to report that I can not find a single thing wrong with the experience. My slim wallet can rest easy on the sushi front because I will most definitely be back!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,5/30/2012,290,767,4,9,8>The husband and I came here for breakfast one morning.  The service was a bit slow, but they were super busy at the time, so I'm not really complaining.  More just stating that they can get really busy and as it is when a restaurant is full, it's sometimes a bit slower.The food was pretty good.  It was about what I'd expect from a hometown type diner style place.  The portions were huge and I think both of us only finished about half our meal.  I went with the chicken fried steak and it was delicious. Don't come here expecting high class dining, but if you expect a family type place and yummy breakfast served all day, this is your place to go.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,5/29/2012,46,270,6,5,4>At Uneeda theyfeedya.Not being a big burger fan is not a detriment at this place. I had the smoked pork sandwich. Talk about a hot mess rich in flavor.  Reasonably priced too at $6.50. I wanted a little more tang, but I should have known it wasn't going to be a tangy barbecue type of number, it's smoked. Shouldabeenabetterreadah.My lady had the carmelized onions, bleu cheese and watercress offering on a 1/3 lb patty. She looked distraught as she tried to eat it, but by the end of the meal she looked content. We both washed our hands vigorously afterward which barely made a dent in cleaning up the mess you make of yourself after eating at this place.U'llneedashower.Overall Uneeda provides a high quality burger offering at a reasonable price. I don't know what the seating gets like come the rainy season, so try and score some of the fleeting sunshine and post up on their patio sometime soon.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,5/28/2012,677,394,6,6,7>Well GiddyUP Montana! How'd you fit your big self in such a little little space? My brother in law is one of the coolest guys I know. And he's from Montana. Proudly. Sooo you can imagine his head exploding when when hit up the bar on Friday to watch the Montanaaaaaa game and check out all the Montana ~memorabilia.~ License plates, funky glasswear, Fernet on draft, good brrrrr (that's Montanaian for beer, btw). It managed to fit itself into the Buck so don't bring your whole barn with you, ya hear? Up from The Saint (eat nachos before you come here, kiddos), around the corner from La Bette, down from the Elite and Tommy Guns...perfectly located. The Olive pub crawl just got even more awesome.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,5/27/2012,153,309,3,4,6>I worked across the parking lot when Frost opened, and it was an amazing experience to be able to go over to the store and buy a wonderful fresh doughnut at any time of the day. I no longer work there, so making a trip down to Mill Creek Town Center can be a little bit out of the way sometimes. So while I was down seeing my new chiropractor just down the street a bit, I figured I'd pop in for some doughnuts.I have never been disappointed by Frost. The doughnuts are always fresh, and I've been lucky to always go in while there is a good selection. They also run happy hour deals just about every day (I'm sure to get rid of their fresh stock before they make the new stock for the next day). If you like them on FB you'll get constant deals. Cam's favorite is the Baconator: their version of the bacon maple bar. It's pretty good but I'm not a huge fan of maple bars. The one that I have been particularly fond of is their old fashioned dipped in white chocolate and drizzled with raspberry syrup. Mmm!I think I've only had to wait in line once, and that was on a Saturday morning. If you go in on a week day it's less busy and you'll get some great attention. I do wish their prices weren't quite so high! But for a treat every once in a while, I'll deal with it.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/26/2012,182,531,4,7,4>I chose Aurora Vet because it has the top reviews on Yelp in Seattle.  Five stars, and 80+ reviews.  I didn't shop around for prices.  Only the best for my baby.  I'm glad it's close to where I live.I picked up my Golden Retriever puppy at 8.5 weeks of age.  The day before she turned 9 weeks, I brought her to Aurora Vet and she was seen by Dr. Lara Kreyenhagen.  She was about to vaccinate my puppy until I told her I was following Dr. Jean Dodd's vaccination schedule and that my breeder did not want her vaccinated until at least 9.5 weeks.  She had no problem with that. I liked that Dr. Kreyenhagen was very thorough.  I had told her that Molly had her eyelid scratched by a litter mate before I picked her up.  I told her that there was no damage to her eye or cornea and the breeder's vet had prescribed eye drops and that I had indeed noticed that her eyelid was getting a lot better.  Dr. Kreyenhagan wanted to check her eye anyway to confirm.  I was also nervous because Molly had not had her first shots and the Dr was sure to let me know that the counter was sterilized and the scale had been cleaned before putting Molly on them.A vet visit is $55, and vaccines cost about $33 a piece.  Fecal test is $20.  Based on what I've seen on Yelp, I know there are other places that are way cheaper for shots.  So far, the appointments have been on time.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,5/25/2012,207,79,8,9,7>He won the heart of many Seattle-ites in the mid-90s. And continues to make grown men giggle when he enters the room. Who, you ask? REIGNMAN aka SHAWN KEMP !!!!! If you're lucky (which on my many trips to Oskar's I haven't been) he will grace you with his presence and humor your stalker-like tendencies and take a few fan photos with you. Just make sure you're standing on a chair or something - my BFF Andrew's photo with him shows Andrew kissing Kemp's nipple. Don't let that be you. Not only does Shawn Kemp own this joint, but Head Chef Darnelle makes the best ribs and turkey dip in town. Honestly, the au jus used for the French and Turkey Dip is infused with ecstasy juice. I dip everything including my celery in that aujus (even though I'm a non-red meat eater . . . it's THAT good). Go for the chance to bask in the aura of Reignman, stay for the food and stiff drinks.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,5/24/2012,477,246,15,12,11>It's about time that Apple took time away from making electronics to focus on food...wait, what?! Boy did I feel stupid walking in here... Yeah, I know, that was stupid.. (the sad thing is, I am too lazy to delete that horrible attempt at being funny)Don't ask me about the Teriyaki or the chicken Katsu, don't even ask me about the tempura... OK, you can ask me about that, we did order it as a side. You most definitely can ask me about their Korean Galbi/Kalbi/Korean BBQ short rib. I am always looking for Korean food in my town that is anorexic when it comes to a good culinary selection. I saw a Teriyaki place and I knew deep in my Korean heart that a fellow Korean must own this place. Sure enough, I walk in and all I smell is some good old fermented glory..KIMCHEE!! I knew I hit a sweet spot. They make some good Kalbi!! It is all I get. Yes, this one time at Teriyaki camp we ordered their shrimp tempura, it was great! I normally do not like that kind of stuff but this was more than decent.Give this place a shot if you like Kalbi, I love their kimchee too, a little bit of meet, some kimchee and rice and boom, it is a South Korean party in your mouth and everyone is invited, except for the fellas just up North.....I have always had great service when coming here, although I have only dined in once, all the other times were take out. One time I was there for takeout with my 2 year old boy and somewhere in the ordering it came up that my son loves kimchee. As me and my boy were waiting for our order the lady comes out with a side of complimentary kimchee, as soon as my son saw it he said "oh, yummy kimchee". My only hope and prayer is that maybe we can see some soon dubu or kimchee jjigae?! So, creators of Apple Teriyaki do you hear me? Please bring more Korean goodness to Puyallup!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,12/22/2010,65,74,10,12,9>A fellow yelp-er (Erin F) and I decided we wanted to try somewhere new to eat.  She found this restaurant as having good reviews, although it isn't too much to look at from the outside, so we gave it a whirl!Fast, friendly service.  In fact, one of our waiters provided some comical relief with jokes and a prank of dumping water in our to-go bag, but actually had hidden cups in there.  I always appreciate little extras like that. :)The food was very tasty.  They were generous with the spices, which is a definite plus.  I ordered tofu pad see eiw, 3 stars.  The broccoli was fresh and crunchy and it wasn't just drenched in soy sauce like some other places I've experienced.  The tofu was fried and was kind of like biting into an air pocket, because there wasn't much actual tofu on the inside of the cube... kind of weird... but still the food had great taste.I couldn't take any pictures because it was so dark in there that my boyfriend had to pull out his  cell phone to shed light on the menu (at which point I called him grandpa). ;)  But I would love to go back to try more dishes here.  Good find, Erin F!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/21/2010,100,116,6,8,7>I don't like pho. *gasp, the horror!*I know. I know. I just can't stomach the stuff though. Sadly for me, two of my roommates are obsessed with it. And both roommates have birthdays in the same month. So that means that I went to two different Pho places in one month.Brutal.So I'm pretty good at finding un-Pho items at a Pho-item place.For instance, at Lucky's they make vietnamese sandwiches. I'm not 100% sure what made it "vietnamese", but I suppose it was the hoison-y, mayonnaissee-y, beef-y goodness that laid inside that little toasted baguette. It was superb. Even my pho-slurping roommies enjoyed nibbling on it.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,12/20/2010,212,249,23,23,17>After a rainy hike, 10 Yelpers made their way to Isssaquah for carb re-loading.  What they found was not only a belly filler meal, but a pleasantly unexpected experience at Flying Pie.It's very easy for large groups to eat here, because you can order HUGE and DELICIOUS slices of pizza!!  Oh, but one piece doesn't sound like enough to fill yer belly up?  How about a large slice, plus a soft garlicy breadstick, a salad buffet, and a soft drink for $7!?  Yes I said it, $7 for that meal.  Plus, they have a "to go" counter.Damn I wish we had this place in West Seattle.Oh yes, and the pizza... I die.  It was exactly what I wanted.  Thick, soft crust without being Gross 'n Greasy (my phrase for Pizza Hut's lame excuse for thick crust...) with scrumptious toppings and cheese that stretches when you eat it, because it's fresh.  The breadsticks were soft and thick with appropriate seasonings.Plus the guy with long hair working behind the counter couldn't have been nicer.  He might as well said "Come on back y'all, now ya' hear"; I wouldn't have blinked an eye.OOH AND WHEN ANY DOOR OPENS A BUNCH OF WEIRD STUFF ON PULLEYS DIP DOWN AND IT'S FUN TO WATCH.  Again, damn I wish we had this in West Seattle.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,12/19/2010,416,153,30,26,26>I never messed with my hair color until I was about 28 or so, and rue the day I began, because once you pop, you just can't stop. Now you'd need forensics to find my natural color. The keratin itself may have mutated into something chemical.And ever since I fell from nature (which isn't all it's cracked up to be, let's face it) I've been under a black cloud finding people who really seemed to get what I was after. Even when I brought pictures to reference. You know how rescue dogs that have been abused have a tentative step, a slight whimper, a flinch when it comes to eye contact? That's me in a hair salon: waiting to pay $180 bucks to look like I laid out in the yard overnight while a pig chewed on my hair, moving away only when the gangbangers came by to tag it.With Salon Blast, and in particular, Antonio, I feel trust returning, ever so slowly.Nah. Actually I'd say it's fully back. My first trip in there was, predictably enough, a correction-to the infernal and completely unsolicited copper-penny scandal created by Joey's other stylist at Hair By Joey. Salon Blast's Mariah was the one assigned to clean up the wreckage. She's a total pro and took the Bozo the Clown out of it, getting it much closer (in what we knew would be an incremental process) back from Barfville. I recommend Mariah.Then I was unfaithful to Salon Blast due to convenience and geography and impatience, and I genuflect now, highly repentant, and cowed by my life as a Coiffure Infidel. Months later I returned to Salon Blast, and went, for the sake of variety, curiosity or caprice, with another stylist. For whatever reason, things didn't work out with the color (though he stayed way past quittin' time trying to correct it, AND he didn't try and run over me when I said I didn't want to cut any off. Also, because he acknowledged it wasn't what we discussed, I was ultimately comped for the service). The salon owner, Tim, does exactly what a business owner should do when things go wrong-as they invariably do sometimes-and offers politely and sincerely to make it right however he can. I had seen these comments he has made in response to problematic reviews and was very impressed with that, that instead of getting defensive as so many more insecure business owners do, he was embracing of the notion of fallibility, and more interested in making things work. Major kudos for Tim; this fact in particular swayed me again to go back to Blast for the correction. He really didn't pry for details, he just set me up and removed the charge. Wow. He booked me with Antonio, who's endlessly sweet and saucy and took great pains to understand what I was shooting for. He was direct, and warned me that it would take two phases to reach that stage. He was absolutely right. It did take two phases, but the interim period was not bad at all (a fellow patron at the first correction said, "It's like your hair is glowing from within!" I am not sure what that means...it makes me think of Hazmat suits and lead aprons...but I know she meant it as a rave.) This last time he really rocked it. He really does understand the chemistry involved in color, and listens intently. Also importantly, he has good taste...or at least, it coincides neatly with mine, at least when it comes to my hair. He'll make suggestions if you are open to that, or he'll deliver what you want specifically if you are fixed on something particular (I know, what a concept!). I'm really happy to have finally found someone that gets it. Antonio is totally the wind beneath my wings. Which I guess makes me Bette Midler. Never mind, I take that back. But Antonio is a supernova; I'll go to him as long as I'm in Seattle; I know he's more than up to whatever stylistic whim I task him with. Thanks dude!Oh, but one note to Salon Blast which I *almost* deducted a star for. TIME TO TAKE CREDIT CARDS, for phucksake. C'mon, if a service costs around 200 bucks, it's anachronistic and hugely inconvenient to make us go spring for cash at a gas station or lug around these things our grandmothers used to call "checkbooks." Embrace. Technology.Godspeed.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,12/18/2010,106,231,8,11,10>Great comfort food, it's cheap but tasty!Chan is one of the kindest people I've ever met in the restaurant business. I came in today for some food but he recently changed to cash only. I was short a dollar some but he said it was okay and to just pay him back next time. Such trust is amazing.Besides Chan being a great guy the food he makes is always amazing and really hits the spot when you're hungry. They have a ton of different combination of plates that are displayed on the wall.  You won't find a plate that is over 10 dollars, also he hasn't raised any of the prices of his food since I've started eating here. The ultimate bang for you buck.  The portions are huge and delicious!  My usual order is the Alpha Sig, it has chicken katsu, spicy chicken, and fried rice with an egg on top.  Very down to earth, great food, large quantity, and Chan is absolutely superb. Bring cash, he does not accept credit cards anymore!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,12/17/2010,76,222,7,11,10>I came here for restaurant week and the prixe fix menu. At other restaurants during these special dining weeks, we've had poor service and mediocre food. Not at Crow! It was the BEST restaurant week/ dine around Seattle that I've ever been to! The food was just delicious (and the portion sizes were generous!) Our server was pleasant and helpful in choosing dishes. Our water glasses stayed filled and they were quick to help clear plates, etc. The only difficulty was that because of the tall ceilings and bare walls and floors the place got really loud so it was sometimes hard to hear. But overall, it was an amazing dining experience. Parking was easy to find on the street on a Monday evening.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,12/16/2010,191,387,9,12,9>OHHH. MYYY. GODDD.Cafe Presse croque madame, where have you been all my life? Something to know about me is that gruyere and eggs are at the top of my weakness list. Their croque madame is DIVINE. The thick bread, the ooey gooey cheese, the savory ham, and the sunny side up egg. I love sunny side up. It's so happy and bright. I almost don't want to cut into it and make it ooze, but do it anyway because the result is DELICIOUS. I'm usually not into super heavy, creamy breakfasts but I would eat this any time of any day.And people are right: the fries are SO GOOD. I love fries always and these are the right amount of potato-to-fried ratio. Yumm!They serve Caffe Vita coffee here and also offer freshly squeezed orange and grapefruit juice as well as pretty much ANYTHING from their full bar. I can't cheat on Stumptown next door, so I didn't order coffee, but my dining partner Nina H. said her latte was good.I'll be back... plenty of times... you'll be able to tell when I've gained 25 pounds from eating breakfast here on a regular basis! It'll all be worth it. Like Jennifer L. would say... just wear black! ;)
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/15/2010,213,757,8,10,9>I needed something for dinner on my way home after class -- the boy would be starving and I was in a rush. Figured I would finally try this joint down the road and see what the hooplah about this place is.First off -- it is TINY in here. Im glad I was getting it to go cuz there was hardly any seating and the place was packed. I took that as a good sign.Opted for the spicy tenders + 2 rolls, and a peach cobbler since that is the boy's favorite dessert. My order got put together fast, and everyone working there was super friendly and nice! Extra points just for those guys -- I remember working in a fast food joint on the weekend as a teenager and it isn't a picnic. I appreciated that they all seemed happy (or at least ok) to be there, and for being patient while I took my time trying to figure out what to get.Get the food home and take my first bite -- I swear they got my order wrong cuz there is like NO kick to this chicken at all. Where are my spices? Beyond that disappointment though, the chicken itself was very very good. I inhaled the roll that came with it, and the peach cobbler was surprisingly good for coming out of a plastic container.All in all, if you want fried chicken quick and cheap, come here. Blows KFC or your local grocer's deli stuff out of the water!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,12/14/2010,11,63,16,19,12>I HAD to be the first to post a review this place.  This is Scott Carsberg's new concept in the same location where he and his wife ran Lampreia for 20 years.  The man is a genius.  A magician with food.  Every meal I've ever had at his restaurant was dazzling.  He is one of a rare breed that does more with less.  He's the antithesis of piling huge quantities of too many ingredients on the plate.  He keeps it simple and still manages to make it perfect.People who aren't real foodies might not know him because he's too busy making amazing food to care about publicity.  If someone told you that the man or his food is anything less than great they 1. Are talking out of their ass or 2. Part of a conspiracy to  keep you away so they can have more of his food.  Go to his restaurant and you actually get a meal made by a true top chef who loves to be in the kitchen, not something cooked by a line chef while a so-called celebrity chef is off signing cookbooks or screaming "BAM!" on TV.Here's the great news:  Bisato is all about more casual dining and smaller plates designed for recession budgets.  You still get 100% of the genius at a more accessible price.  I'm planning to go just to drool over their fire engine red Italian prosciutto slicer that looks like a Ferrari sitting behind the new bar.If you never got a chance to try Lampreia before you have absolutely no excuse now.  Mediocrity and hyperbole is draped all over the Seattle food scene like a cheap muthatruckin suit, mostly because of a lot of chefs who aren't even from Seattle.  Scott Carsberg is.  And he's the food equivalent of sharks with frickin lasers on their heads.  It doesn't get any more genuinely kick ass and real than this guy.  But like a true Seattlite he doesn't waste his time bragging about it.  He just gets on with it and does it. Respect.Get over there and try it!  How many times do I have to tell you?!  Don't make me come over there!PS:  Dude, what's with all of the skinny little bitches here complaining that they're not getting enough to eat at Bisato.  Easy solution:  Order more freakin' food!  The plates are small for a reason...so you can sample a lot of different dishes.  Really.  Reading ridiculous statements like these makes it really clear that you people are from the sticks and you just don't get it.  You wouldn't know genius if it banged you all night!  You need to RECOGNIZE!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,12/13/2010,269,407,7,7,8>there's something about going somewhere secretive. based on all the reviews, this place is not all that secretive yet gives you the allure that you stepped into a time in history of prohibition, and basically another drinking experience. this experience is a little different from your usual bars. first, no sign. just look for the blue door and ring the door bell. they'll open the door and see if they can seat you. second, read the extensive menu. they've got house rules which i find endearing cuz it is encouraging you to speak easy and drink easy. no need to rush your drinks but just relax, choose wisely, and sip. i would recommend this place for a date or with one other friend. not so group friendly. and be willing to be flexible. i did have to play musical chairs and was moved around to accommodate bigger groups. but as the night went on i had to sit at the bar where it was meant to be! that is where i got to see all the magic! i like seeing bartenders using fresh ingredients, weird concoctions, and even a cool slow water filter that drips the water one drip at a time to hit the absinthe. i learned a lot that night. what i remember is another story
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2007,12/30/2007,130,114,12,13,15>When reviewing it's sometimes easy to overlook the most obvious factor: value. After all, if we were all millionaires Turf Restaurant & Lounge wouldn't even exist and homeless bag ladies would be carrying around real Coach bags as opposed to knockoffs (they also wouldn't be homeless). Or maybe the Turf would be serving up the same greasy comfort food, they would just charge more. It would be a novelty for all of us millionaires to remind ourselves about how people used to live in the bad old days.Until that day, however, it's hard to beat a grilled egg & cheese sandwich for $1.95. Yeah, the grill doesn't look clean and, yeah, the clientele seems an equal mixture of homeless and inebriate. The food tastes good, though, and the place has character. The bad days are now, but they don't seem that bad at the Turf.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,12/29/2007,200,171,19,18,18>Anyone who says this place is uneven or bad can bite me. Tamarind Tree is not just a restaurant; it's an adventure.The adventure begins when you pull into the crazy parking lot. About 15 cars more than the lot can actually accommodate will be circling... circling... and then swooping in on unsuspecting patrons returning to their vehicles. The adventure gets more exciting when you realize the reservation you made may or may not be honored in a timely fashion. Go with an insider and you'll be seated on the stage in a heartbeat. Go with your girlfriends and you may just cool your heals for a few minutes. One way or another you'll be seated and it will be so worth it.It has been said before, but it bears repeating: the place is gorgeous. As soon as you step in the door you forget about the strip mall and the parking situation and the dumpster immediately to the south of the building.I know Mojitos are the most ubiquitous beverage since you were 6 and you only drank chocolate milk. But do try the Tam Mojito. It is a revelation. Now for the food. You won't get your appetizers before your main course necessarily, but who's gonna get all picky about that when the food is this delicious and fresh? So what if your Tamarind Tree Rolls (mmmm crispy fried tofu) and Pork Satays arrive after your Beef Stew and your Beef Salad comes last (mmmm beef salad) - you're an adult and you can handle it. And if you can't, go somewhere else.One warning: if you have a choice, don't sit at the table in the southeast corner of the restaurant. There is a door just beyond that table and whenever it is opened a strong gust of charnel house and clotted blood will settle over the table making you and your girlfriends clutch napkins to your noses. If you don't have a choice just go for it and keep your napkins ready. I told you it was an adventure.It will be hard, but do try to save room for dessert because the coffee ice cream (not always on the menu) and the black sesame ice cream are unusual and truly amazing.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2007,12/27/2007,507,655,11,13,11>Cool, relaxed, new* neighborhood lounge. Friendly & attentive staff, solid drinks and a few food items (that we didn't try).A sample of the cocktails they have are the Saigon 66 (champange, gin and homemade lemon grass syrup) and the ginger lemon drop. They also have a good selection of bottled and draft brew.I predict this place will do well since it fills in the void of a nicer lounge in this area filled with rundown or hole-in-the-wall bars.*1 week old as of 11/24/07. This place is so new that we could smell the furniture still off-gassing.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2007,12/26/2007,93,169,7,23,23>After being involved in a very serious car accident in May I had the privelege of being rolled into the Harborview ER. Beings that my lung had collapsed and my arm was broken in 2 places and my elbow was crushed, among other things, the trauma team juiced me up right away so I don't remember much of my ER experience.  I spent a week in the ICU that I don't remember much of either,  thank you pain killers!  After I was moved to a floor I was given my own room, perks of working in healthcare ;)   My Ortho team was terrific, they put me back together with metal plates and screws, and  most of the staff was great.  Since healthcare workers are the worst patients, I forgive the jerk nurses who would rather watch Greys Anatomy than answer a call light (they told me).  And I appologize for continually spilling cups of water during the evening, um, being drugged up, not good for the reflexes. The food was very sweet so I ordered from the diabetic menu ( I am not diabetic) which helped some, at least I got sugar free pudding everyday.  I lost about 25 pounds in my 16 day stay, a diet I do not recommend.I am thankful everyday we have a Level 1 trauma center in Seattle, thank you for saving my life HMC!  If you ever have a traumatic injury, go to Harborview!  They know their stuff!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2007,12/25/2007,35,38,7,17,5>I applaud most establishments that frown on the use of cell phones within their confines.  I'm usually one of those people that will look towards your table, with a frown,  when I hear your phone ringtone cut through the ambiance or  when your phone conversation is louder than the room noise level.  That being said, I had the most unnerving ending to an otherwise enjoyable dining experience at this favorite spot.First the food.  My friend and I spilt the two evening specials:  NY Strip in a balsamic marinade, roasted potatoes (which were perfectly cooked, you know the kind, they pop when you bite into them!)  and roasted cherry tomatoes.  The other dish was pappardelle in white truffle oil and parmesan.  Very good, just the right amount of the truffle oil.  The pasta was a little too al dente, but not horribly so.  My friend ended with the panna cotta - the taste I had was on the tart side, but I think it was because my taste buds were dulled from the wine.  Friend enjoyed it tho.  So, the unnerving part.  With the bill paid - $89.00 (incl. tip) - we were finishing our conversation.  I had placed my purse on the table, which I was leaning on.  As we were talking, I felt a vibration from the purse - which was my phone.  NO RINGING - I HAD TURNED THAT OFF.  I looked at the phone and saw that it was a mutual friend.  I handed my phone across the table and my dinner companion quietly said hello to the caller.  After a brief moment, he handed the phone back to me.  Now mind you - our voices were no louder than they had been throughout our meal.  As I was about to say hello - the ENTIRE dining room activitiy was brought to a sudden halt as we hear the owner - via an intercom speaker- say, to the effect:  "The people at Table 7 with the cellphone - you will be charged a $5.00 fee."!  I have never been more shocked as I was at that moment.  In what seemed like slow motion - the entire dining room looked at the owner with the hand held speaker and then to my table.  Let me state again - MY PHONE NEVER RANG.  OUR VOICES NEVER RAISED.  He obviously saw my friend hand the phone over to me and decided to be funny.  After all, it is Bizzarro.Needless to say, we ended our evening.  As we were leaving, my friend handed the owner a five dollar bill, which he waved off.  I think the owner got that his "attempt" at humor was not well received. I love this place. I love the food.  I love that they don't do the singing server anymore (right?).  I love that the only thing "Bizzaro" is the decor.  If they want to ban cell phone activity of any sort (which is fine), then have the server state this as you sit down.  There is too much, visually, going on to read everything and take note.  Please, Please, don't humiliate your customers.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,12/24/2007,704,321,25,23,21>Murray is quite simply the fastest bartender, able to sustain high quality service, I have ever seen in my entire life. Ever.He had a bar brimming with people as I walked in, so I foolishly assumed that my wine order would take a moment. I turned to talk to some friends and Murry was standing right next to me within seconds! ! ! Spry is not the word. Startled at his Puma like reflexes, I watched in awe as he poured me a tasting! The bar was packed, and he's not just slamming the glass in front of me? He's actually leaving the bar and making sure I enjoy my wine!  He's actually sitting here patiently waiting to see if I approve! Unreal! He turned to an arguing young couple, said some witty comment about never minding the little things, and they smiled. As I blinked in astonishment of this remarkable  fellow... HE WAS GONE! A quick glance around the room and there he was at the bar! Smiling away as he expertly crafted a perfectly executed martini! Smoothly conversing, smiling, concentrating, repeat. I was in the presence of greatness.As I was leaving I couldn't resist the urge to tell Murray how amazing I thought he was, and he looked at me quizzically, as if to say, "did I do something special?"I couldn't decide how much to tip him, so I just gave him my wallet. A day later and I'm writing this review... It is now my very strong belief that Murry is supernatural. Probably a vampire, but I'm not ruling out cybernetic construct from the future.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2007,12/22/2007,264,858,14,14,12>I figure if a cop has you spread eagle over the hood of his patrol car, is able to frisk you, slap cuffs on, all the while calling back to his partner to order him a couple of vanilla French Twists, a cup'a joe with two sugars, this place must be good.While Top Pot has my heart and my stomach, Chucks is right up there.No WIFI, no Yuppies, no drive through, no fancy coffee, no fancy organic this and that options.  Heck, it's just a plain old skool donut shop!  Ask which are the freshest in the case and you won't be sorry.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2007,12/21/2007,251,244,8,8,7>My interpretation? A classier version of Linda's.Service was good, though there were a number of times that the ONE bartender got a bit overwhelmed,  but I'm pretty sure they weren't expecting 20 or so Yelpers to show up pretty much all at once. Shortly before we left another bartender did arrive and unlike the first 'tender he actually knew which type of glass that my drink was supposed to be served in - nice!The atmosphere is lodge-ish, dark and a bit strange in places, but still comfortable. The food looked pretty tasty and I didn't hear many complaints, though it would be nice if they had a more descriptive menu so people didn't have to ask the servers what the hell they were ordering...P.S. The cute bleached blond bar-back is a friend of mine, lemme know if you want his number... ;)
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,12/20/2007,116,228,10,28,8>Tamarind Tree vs Green Leaf Shootout!Tamarind Tree and Green Leaf are two of the most raved-about Vietnamese restaurants in Seattle. Recently, I ate at these places (on consecutive nights). In the great American tradition of pseudo-statistics and xcientific rankings, I present, for your consideration, the Tamarind Tree vs Green Leaf Shootout!Ambiance: Green Tree is nice; the interior is comfortable, simple and functional. The marble-top tables are a nice touch. But Tamarind Tree wins this category with a well-executed concept. Can you say "silk fixtures", "fire pit", "water feature" and "cast-concrete washbasins"? GL: ***, TT: *****.Service: Both restaurants provide prompt, attentive, knowledgeable service. Your orders show up in good time, and empty dishes are cleared promptly. Glasses and cups are seldom left empty. Both establishments get bonus points for owners who consistently cruise tables, schmoozing with customers. Overall, a dead heat.GL: ****, TT: ****.Menu:Green Leaf concentrates on the more traditional dishes - rolls and skewered appetisers, rice plates and vermicelli bowls. Tamarind Tree has these, but also more. The menu is deeper and more diverse. In addition, they have a full bar, while GL makes do with beer and wine.GL: ****, TT *****.Food:Greef Leaf really is as good as they say! Rolls are soft and fresh, salads are freshly prepared and adequately tangy, grilled items are well marinated and cooked just right. The noodle bowls and rice plates are nicely plated and the combo dishes are a good way to try a bit of everything. In contrast, Tamarind Tree seems to have lost a step. It used to be that their dishes could be counted upon to knock your socks off. EVerything's still good but it just seems like things are more hastily prepared, cooked or assembled. For instance, the grilled pork/escargot appetiser arrived pale and oozing juice when it should have been well seared with a firm, moist interior. GL: *****, TT ***Price/Value: On average, Tamarind Tree prices are a buck or two more for main courses (appetizer prices are about equal). For a nice dinner for two, expect to spend 20 to 35$ at Green Leaf (drinks excluded). The same at Tamarind Tree will set you back 25 to 45$. Cocktails at TT cost about $7, give or take a buck. Overall, the pricing disparity is perfectly reasonable, given the differences in ambiance, selection, etc.GL: ****, TT ****Other/Intangibles:Both restaurants are incredibly popular and thus, expect to wait for a table (TT takes reservations, but it's something silly like "before 5 p.m. only"). For both places, it used to be that death-knell Monday nights was a good time to visit, but this has changed. So if you find this review useful, I implore you to stay home on Monday nights. (Besides, don't you need to recover from the weekend?)GL: **, TT **The Final Analysis:Oh come on! You weren't really expecting a clear winner, were you? Tamarind Tree is great for more fancy, more formal meals. Business meals, out-of-town guests and birthday dinners belong here. Green Leaf is comfortable, and gets the job done each and every time. Eat here for an excellent altenative to cooking or for casual meals with good friends. The bottom line - you can't go too far wrong with either!**This public service analysis was brought to you by the I. E. Toutalot Foundation. No $$, goods or services have changed (or will change) hands as a result of this review.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2007,12/19/2007,63,353,6,9,8>This easy to miss place just plain warmed my heart.  Cozy, but with a huge selection of comics/graphic novels, board games, and iMacs for browsing of the internets.The coffee is cheaper than the Seattle standard prices, and delicious (Vivace beans).  The barista was awesome, and warm.  I think he was just waiting for me to ask, "What's good to read?"  Unlike most comic purveyors, you are actually encouraged to read the wares.  Sadly I had to run and meet friends at Araya's.So to recap:  this place flat out rocks.  If you are in the U district with or without a computer, if you want to kill some time, if you need coffee, if you like comics, if you are cold, if you are lonely, or if you walk by and see the sign:  Go.  If you are hungry or have to pee:  Go later.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,11/6/2006,87,327,4,5,6>This store is huge and makes me want to skate around inside.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2006,11/5/2006,8,18,4,6,7>"Where everybody knows your name."I hestitate to write the glowing review that's to come, because it means I might not be able to get my favorite seat at the bar.  (That's me, the one sitting there with the worn Tigers hat and a book that probably shouldn't be read by anyone not currently in a Ph.D program.  If you happen upon me there, ask me why I no longer read fiction ... er, I digress).The Hopvine is Capitol Hill's most comfortable pub.  Apparently, there's some kind of music scene there, and if you're in to "guy and and his guitar" music (I'm not) I guess it's supposed to be pretty good as open mics go (er, I'm told rather assertively that's it's not an open mic night at all ... but Dave Matthews at the Gorge seems like open mic night to me, so what the heck do I know ... ahem, digressing again).Anyway, when it's not crawling with angsty folk rockers, the Hopvine is a comfortable sweater that serves me a rotating selection of 15 handpicked malt beverages (or wine, depending on my mood) accompanied by solid neo-pub fare like tasty pizzas and home-made soups.  It's one of the few places in Seattle where strangers (gasp!) actually talk to each other, and where people actually watch sports (I know ... two concepts alien to Seattle in one bar ... it almost feels like I'm in a proper city).Meatheadz stay home.  This is a place to relax, not to guzzle, and I'll glare at you over my book if you act like an agro' 'tard.So, come visit me at the Hopvine.  It's actually best on weekends, which are pretty downtempo.  In all honesty, you can probably even wear your PJs ... it's that mellow.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2006,11/4/2006,142,124,5,6,6>OMFG. This place is unreal. Mix the following ingredients together, and place in a slightly worn underground lounge:1. Velvet curtains2. A swearing beer-guzzling midget and his drunken merry making band3. Can can girls in corsets4. Seattle hipsters5. Dimmed lights and flickering candlelightThen do a shot of absinthe and that comes fairly close to one's experience at Can Can. I'm not sure if the experience is more like David Lynch or more like Baz Luhrman, but it's definitely not something you run across everyday.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2006,11/3/2006,106,122,7,7,5>There are times when I want to call in "late" to work, just so I can head down to the Salmon Bay Cafe and sit with fisherman and read the paper and eat one of the best breakfasts in Seattle.  Their omlettes, named after Seattle neighborhoods, are always a sure bet, and their bacon is cut thick and just thinking about it makes me drool a bit.  The only problem is that I'm guessing they're short staffed because service is few and far between.  OJ and coffee and "sides" are all lined up on the wall near the kitchen and most times I'm tempted to stand up and get what I need myself because they take so long.  But the "makes me cry it's so good" breakfasts are well worth the frustrating service.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2006,11/2/2006,43,100,7,7,4>Crow just does everything.... better. Nothing fancy, just really well prepared NW food at reasonable prices with a solid wine list at exceptionally palatable prices. Ordering chicken at a restaurant typically has all the excitement of dating an ex, but Crow's prosciutto wrapped chicken borders on pornographic barnyard bondage. So good, so wrong....
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2006,11/1/2006,53,307,13,16,6>What can I say? They saved my life.Perfect. Nope. But, there is a lot to be said for not dying.Nursing staff: some great, some so-so, a few not so goodDr's: Uh, they saved my life but they always brought a troop of students with them. They had a hard time figuring out what was wrong with me but the bottom line is that I lived.Spinal tap folks: Horrible awful sadistic. I can't say enough bad things about these people.Cat scan people: Ugh. Left me out in the hall for long periods of time, sitting up and I was in severe pain. Occupational therapy people: interesting tests, lame exercises (I don't drink hot drinks, damnit!), costly as they insisted I do their stupid stuff but weren't covered by my insurance.Physical therapy people: mean mean mean! But, they got me going. I wish they had thought to suggest swimming for me.The vision doc. I hate her.The blood draw people. Pretty nice and gentle.The food. Sucks.The visiting hours? They were great and let people come and go as they pleased. I am totally thankful for them.The ER folks. I can not say enough good about these people though I never met them (I was out like a light.) They are probably truly the folks that saved my ass. Thank you thank you thank you.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2006,10/31/2006,54,193,3,6,3>As a lover of good Mexican food.  I got to say that I was a bit dissapointed with El Sabor de Oaxaca.  I had read a seattle weekly article about them and heard of a magical sounding item called the Tlayuda.  A sort of mexican pizza covered in lard, beans, pork, cabbage and cheese.  It had all the makings of my new favourite dish.Let's just say I was dissapointed.  The tortilla shell was hard and almost made my teeth bleed around the edges.  The toppings were bland and boring.  Nothing like what  I was led to believe.  My co-workers ordered the taco salad and the asada taco's said they were alright.  This said, they did mess up on my order and I was the last person to receive their entree...it could have been that the extra time made my tortilla crust rock hard, but from the general flavors alone, I'm not going to try it again.  I'd probably be better off with a burritto or some authentic Mole that I really regret not ordering.Will I go back?  Sure.  This place is a welcome addition to the pioneer square lunch program.  I'm sure my next time will be better but as for now, I can only give it 3 out of 5.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2006,10/30/2006,4,9,2,7,5>Just when I thought my luck had run out in Seattle, I came across Jake @ Zero Zero.  I've had numerous bad hair experiences, and based upon some very high recommendations that I have gotten from some of his loyal "followers", I decided upon visiting myself.  I gave him free reign to do something on my hair.ANYTHING!  Just make me look good!I've never been more pleased in my life.  The color he gave was simply amazing.  The cut, compliments the color, and actually brings out so much more in my hair!  I don't even have to do anything to make it look great.  And, when I actually do my hair, it's incredible.  I can see why all my friends have recommended him so highly.  Someone who actually takes their time, and has pride in their work should not be missed!  Thanks Jake for the incredible job!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2006,10/29/2006,615,688,,7,5>The same Ballard goodness in the downtown setting.  Well actually, a little better than the Ballard location, in my opinion.  First off, the location is awesome and super close to anywhere downtown.  Secondly, they take debit cards here! How sweet is that.  And the sandwiches here tend to be made better, never burned, and served faster.Not really anywhere to eat there, but the idea was more of a lunch counter, grab your sandwich and go.  Which works perfectly for me.  So if you like the other location, give this one a try!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2006,10/28/2006,634,500,17,7,5>Its trendy... Its got all kinds of crazy glass hanging from the ceiling, but I read that happy hour was good so I went. I hate to say this, but I was pleasantly surprised. The food was good. I had the mushroom pizza and it was down right good. The drinks where strong, oh so strong. Maybe that's why the pizza was so good.... Hmmm.... Anyway, I digress. OK, I'm just going to say it, I'm a sucker for a gimmick. I love gimmicks. And one of the best places to find a gimmick is the men's rooms. (See my review of the Oceanaire room for an example)... The gimmick at the Icon is that there are TVs every where playing pictures of running water. I couldn't stop peeing... I got a little scared....
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,5/21/2009,71,114,8,11,9>Let's just get the obvious out of the way and solidify the fact that I am NOT a vegetarian. I love meat. That said, I find that many of my favorite Asian restaurants are vegetarian, and In the Bowl is no exception. I love all of their "episodes" and all the fake meat that comes along with them! (The fake beef is my fave. People rave about their duck, but cool kids know that beef is where it's at.) Also they offer brown rice for the same price as white rice, this is (sadly) a rarity for lots of casual Asian restaurants!The ambiance of the place itself is cute hole-in-the-wall, ridiculously FAST service, nothing fancy. I've eaten in a couple times but really, when I was living on Cap Hill, this was my #1 delivery restaurant (because it's FREE delivery as long as you order $20! holla!). Sometimes I think I should be considered an investor because of the amount of money I threw down for ITB during last spring/summer; there were periods when I seriously ate it for dinner every night of the week. And I'm not apologizing for it.From my extensive knowledge and experience with In the Bowl's overwhelmingly large menu, here is what I recommend: the "Melting Culture" appetizer is one of the best things in LIFE. It looks kinda questionable, but try one bite and you'll never go back... plus you always make a mess and get it all over your hands/face while eating it, I appreciate food that you don't have to take too seriously. Also I think their Thai-inspired noodle variations are superior, as is any type of stir-fry (You Are So Beautiful, Most Favorite Cashew, Beef & Broccoli - all AMAZING and some named by a first grader, apparently). I would advise staying away from any sort of spring roll variation (small portions, unimpressive, etc), anything with red chili paste as the sauce base (then again I HATE red chili paste so I'm biased! But ew) annnnd I don't really know about those free desserts. But hey, I love free stuff, so whatever.In the Bowl... in my heart forever.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,5/20/2009,125,131,12,8,10>I went back into the kitchen and sure enough Buddha and Jesus were cooking. For a good night you will spend about 180$ but it will be perfect. Northwest cuisine in a home that has a retro stylish atmosphere. You will not be disappointed. The waitstaff explains everything and are just lovely to listen to. I could listen to the staff tell me soothing bedtime stories about salmon all night.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,5/19/2009,390,547,12,16,12>OK - who changed the cupcake mix here? They deserve a medal! (Actually, I heard from the owner they were working to make changes to the cupcakes in response to customer feedback).So, knowing that, I recently ordered two dozen for a party we were having. We picked out a variety of chocolate and vanilla cupcakes (again, the base, not the frosting) and everyone loved them. I can definitely attest to the fact that the cupcakes here about twice as good as before the change, as measured on my scientific cupcake-taste-o-meter. Much more moist, even a couple of days (eek!) after ordering, they still hold their appeal.Plus, the order was there when they said it would be, the people at the front counter were helpful and pleasant. The change in cupcake formulation (organic batter? better mix? secret illegal ingredients? Oompa Loompas paid better?) definitely fixed my main "issue" with Cupcake Royale.Again, can't eat these things every day, but for a party, or a special treat, they're awesome.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,5/18/2009,779,709,17,22,20>Where else can you draw Donatello, a ball dancing elephant, a vampire war avatar that looks suspiciously like Christy A, a weeping willow, an outhouse, a dragon, and a dagger shattering an 8 ball on your table, in chalk, while drinking?No, I said IN CHALK. HERE!  Small, regular heavy neighborhood bar, with regular live music, ample booth seating (which so many places seem to lack, IMO) easy parking.I could dock off a star or two for the weak pours, but if you knew how my night *almost* ended, you know I shouldn't. Plus, i like to draw with chalk and stuff.Good times! I'll be back.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,5/17/2009,58,461,9,7,6>Can I haz Seattle burger?Stells = Nom, Nom, Nom. Wipes meaty drool from chin. Repeat. Juicy, thick burgers. An extensive menu that includes non-burger items for other meat lovers. Burgers for less then $6? And you don't have to wait forever? And the server will politely deliver it to your table, unasked?Sold, sold, sold. Its the best burger place in Seattle (I haven't tried Red Mills yet!) and the price is great for the quality food you get.You must try the onion rings (w/ ranch on the side). They might be the best onion rings I've had in America. I also was curious and ordered their Grilled Cheese sandwich on thick bread. Yum. Its the closest I've had to a Cuban grilled cheese sandwich (which is pressed Cuban bread with thick slabs of real cheese). Stells is a great place, the workers friendly, and the place is clean.My thighs won't thank them but I'm going back for more!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,5/16/2009,38,51,13,10,10>I love strolling down Ballard Ave. on a lazy Saturday afternoon, daydreaming about an expendable income to blow on boho-chic pieces from all the little boutiques that line the street. My first stop? Horseshoe. This place is full of distressed boots, pretty layering tops, and tailored coats with all the right accessories to wear with them. I felt like torturing myself last weekend and went in to check out the new merch: amazing, per usual. I left with a deep ache in my heart and the certainty that everything I own sucks. Wardrobe insecurity aside, I still get some satisfaction just being surrounded by lovely, expensive things. And the ladies in here are so warm and friendly. One day, I hope to purchase a head-to-toe look from Horseshoe. Until that day, I'd like to wear a shirt that says, "I'd dress better if I had more money."
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,5/15/2009,76,105,16,12,15>First time I entered Copper Gate was in 1994. I was a fresh-faced 19 year old junior in college visiting my sister and all of her hip Seattle friends.  Highly impressionable and a little bit scared of the rough and tumble Ballard bar -  I lived to tell the tale.Fast forward to 1997. Seasoned drinker I stumbled into Copper Gate and loudly announced "I haven't been here since I was 19". Surviving the death ray glare of the bartender I imbibed and enjoyed, having become partial to rough and tumble bars. Fast forward again to one month ago . . . the first time I had been there since 1997. Oh the breasts . . . wouldn't be a good review if I didn't mention encountering breasts everywhere you turn. Mammories aside, the bartender was incredibly knowledgeable and I was excited to see Portland's House Spirits liquor available. While the drinks were on the spendier side it didn't deter me from having a few sparkling wines. Good liquor is often worth it. The cheese plate was delish and there was plenty of room for our - ever expanding - group. One thing I do have to strongly recommend is not sending unsuspecting people to their website . . . boobarific.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,5/14/2009,519,323,14,18,15>I've come to fall in love with Trophy Cupcake.  While they are pricey, they offer so much more than a standard bakery cupcake; and any place that offers Obama cupcakes pre-election, is pretty awesome in my book. The S'mores Cupcake showcases exactly why Trophy is so special.  The ingenious S'more cake contains homemade chocolate graham cracker pieces on the bottom of the cake, and frosting made of whipped and torched marshmallow.  The plain vanilla offered is extremely rich and flavorful, the vanilla cake/frosting creates equally delicious base for additional creations such as the Snicker doodle.  It almost reminds me more of a cinnamon roll than a snicker doodle cookie.  I also was really impressed with the Chai Cardamom.  I thought the spices may prove too overwhelming to be enjoyable, but the spices were subtle, and the cupcake a success.    For chocolate lovers, the triple chocolate is rich, and generous on chocolate frosting and "french chocolate sprinkles" that remind me of little tiny chocolate confetti pieces.  One of my favorites is the Coconut that has a winning combo of valrhoma chocolate cake with vanilla frosting and a healthy dousing of pretty pink coconut.  Trophy's peanut butter frosting is to die for as well.I must also tip my hat to the beautiful and shiny cream cheese frosting that abundantly tops the red velvet and hummingbird cupcakes.  The red velvet is a little too "chocolaty" in my opinion for what I prefer for a red velvet cake, but i must say, I still enjoy it. All of Trophy's cupcakes are unique and aesthetically pleasing; it makes it always a difficult choice of which ones to get, even when I'm buying a dozen!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,5/12/2009,153,353,26,28,26>Get caught cheating on your significant other on your anniversary which you forgot? El Gaucho is there for you (unless anyone besides the other wo/man is a vegetarian.)This is more of a concept and an experience than a restaurant, with amenities like:- old-style highly professional yet unpretentious service- decor for the highest maintenance or the celebration of closing a million dollar deal- a venue in Puget Sound where the skinny jeans crowd will truly feel under-dressed- tableside service on steak, seafood and desserts forged in flame- waiters walking the women arm-in-arm to the restroomAs a patron of El Gaucho, you are buying into a distant place and time.The buy-in is not cheap. My parents periodically go for this sort of splurge while traveling, so we ended up here on a Friday night. The economic reality has clearly taken a toll, as despite not being able to get a reservation for our original choice of 8:00 a week in advance, the hall (room isn't doing it justice) was flush with empty tables.The procession of courses included:- El Gaucho bread (gratis): Don't fill up on garlic except as a budget control measure.- Tuna Tartare ($13): Mixed with poblano atop crostini, excellent texture and flavor.- Chateaubriand and Lobster Tail for Two ($125): Including stealth sides (baked potato, a mutant roma tomato with cheese and asparagus), the meat was perfectly tender.  - Fruit, Nuts and Cheese (gratis): Budget control, grandeur and shelling labor only.- Cherries Jubilee ($9/person): A strong yet sweet (like the best women) conclusion flambeed tableside in currant, brandy, triple sec + orange liquor sauce over ice cream.Two competing thoughts engaged in a rodeo dance as we were leaving:(1) This is overall one of the best dining experiences I have had in recent memory.(2) I could do Mashiko mini-omakase (with sake) three times for the same cost. El Gaucho is among the best dining in Puget Sound, to be deployed only on the most special of occasions or to attempt to compensate for the largest of transgressions.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,5/11/2009,221,439,13,14,13>"Axe me about Crime and Punishment"  Perhaps this is one of the most amazing promotional buttons I've ever seen.  Yes, I'm a sucker for puns.  I especially love nerdy puns.     Besides nerdy puns, I love this theatre with just the same amount of passion.  I went to see Crime and Punishment on a nice Sunday afternoon and was able to get $10 tickets with their under 25 deal.    Since we came on the day of 15 minutes before curtain, our seats were near the back of the theatre.  However it was still really close and that's because there are no bad seats in the theatre!   The theatre has a very intimate and cozy feeling.  The seats reminded me a lot of a giant lecture hall to the point where I was looking for the folding writing surfaces near the arm rests.  Thanks to the wonderful theatre venue and the wonderful play, I know I won't be giving this place the axe...  I warned you that I love puns didn't I?
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2005,10/17/2005,105,713,4,3,1>Why go into the great outdoors when you can go to the REI Flagship? Har, har.  There's a climbing wall, terrain for testing mountain bikes, a gallery and World Wraps on the top floor.  You are sure to lose track of time!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2005,10/16/2005,83,426,5,2,2>I am so glad T-bone reviewed this place as I've been trying to remember its name for months!  The viewing vat is magical--nearly blacked out from curdphoria.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2005,10/17/2005,105,713,4,3,1>Why go into the great outdoors when you can go to the REI Flagship? Har, har.  There's a climbing wall, terrain for testing mountain bikes, a gallery and World Wraps on the top floor.  You are sure to lose track of time!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2005,10/18/2005,100,512,,3,3>Great men's clothier, hip, mostly casual, not all too trendy. They have women's too but it is a bright spot in a sometime dull men's duds world. Tailoring as well.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2005,10/13/2005,12,156,,,>Good for smoky, twenty-something bowling.I used to live just down the street from the Sunset Bowl, and have bowled there many times. It is good for a certain kind of bowling (OK, this is based on nighttime visits - I cannot vouch for the days) - ironic, kitsch, smoking and drinking expeditions into "wow it's so cool that we are actually bowling!"On Friday or Saturday night, the place is packed with twentysomethings in vintage and Value Village wear, drinking cheap beer, bowling a few frames and fighting for the few seats in the bar to sing Karaoke. If this is your scene - go fot it! You'll have a blast. If not, you've been warned.They have a bar and a restaurant. And, ya sure you betcha, pulltabs, to make the scene complete.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2005,10/12/2005,31,140,1,1,>This MY kind of bookstore!  Twisty, turny, an amazing selection, and lots of character.  They are open until 10 pm, too (except Fridays, when they are open ALL NIGHT! and all Used books are 25% off. Way cooler than that roller rink lock-in you were going to attend).  I love the cats, too.  What a paradise it must be to be a bookstore kitty. All the love and affection you could dream of.  As far as I can tell, there are four. Two adults, and two orange kittens.  Marco is the king "Gato Elefanto", and even has a t-shirt dedicated to him (see photo).  At my estimation, he must be over 20 lbs.  "Husky" doesn't even begin to describe him.  This bookstore has all of yur reading needs and more.  They have sale items out on the sidewalk, too.  If you're the used bookstore type - this is your new haven!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2005,10/11/2005,317,792,,1,1>Dale Chihuly isn't the only glass artist in town, as the jaw dropping gorgeous pieces here prove. There's something so primal and sensual in glass and the things here just make you want to whisper "wow". Actually, that's exactly what I did. They exhibit and sell  here, and they also teach classes. I'm planning on taking the glass beads class. Full blown glass blowing seems a bit much for me, but they teach that as well. The colors are extraordinary and the artistry makes this a place worth visiting.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2005,10/10/2005,60,614,,,>HoooWheee!  The kimchee will clear your sinuses!  I Love Korean food!  The staff here is pleasant, very helpful in deciding what you want and speak very little English so come prepared to try something you haven't got a clue about.  I highly recommend the Bim Bap.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2005,10/9/2005,36,37,,1,2>When I walked into Stargazer's I let go of anxiety and stress that I didn't even know I was carrying. The healing energy in that store is profound. The expression of the divine feminine is everywhere through scents, soft colors, and exquisite representations.The store is arranged in a series of themed rooms. If you can, visit when you have time to wander and enjoy the lovely art on the walls and see all of the fascinating items that are displayed. Make sure to pick up a schedule of the latest workshops and events. There are many interesting things scheduled.I only found this store a month ago, but I plan to be a regular customer.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2005,10/8/2005,44,140,,,>So, I'm from the south east where the ocean is luke warm and the sand is white and soft... Alki is NOT this, but I love it nonetheless. The beach was described to me as "the venice beach of WA" and for those of you who have ever been to Venice Beach you will quickly realize that it is nothing like Alki, but it is as close as Seattle gets. The sand is nice up top where the volleyball courts are set up but gets rocky towards the water (I recommend shoes). The water is cold, but people swim anyways. The part that makes it so Venice Beach-esque is the 2.5 mile strip that people rollerblade, skateboard, and run down. It is yet another meca for both atheletes and beach bums! (ps- hungry? eat at Dukes while you are there.. mmmm)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,9/1/2009,150,597,14,12,12>Wandering along 70th street one day I ran across this unassuming café and decided to check it out. It has sort of eclectic hours: open only Wed-Sun from 8 am to 2 pm with dinners at 6 pm on Friday and Saturday night. The ingredients are from the state of Washington (except the coffee) and they list the farms that they originated from on the menu if you want to try and duplicate a recipe. Not terribly helpful to me (since I, um, "outsource my cooking"), but might be useful for a true gastronome. Perusing through the menu, they had an odd mixture of omelets, including feta cheese. This seemed to be Omelet Heresy as thousands of Denny's restaurants have taught us that omelets should only be created with American cheese, or in a pinch, cheddar. But I felt I should forgive this breach of dogma and try the feta cheese/sausage omelet. It came with potatoes, baguette (for those who don't speak French, the translation is "hard bread") and a side of ham. I was a little skeptical of the omelet but with the first bite I was transported to Omelet Bliss: a joyous, magical place with child-like wonder. Kinda like the Neverland Ranch, but without the lingering shame. It might be the best omelet I've ever had.The chef came out to check on the food and I told her it was great. Or I proposed. I don't really remember. It was very hazy and I was feeling really vulnerable in the embrace of Omelet Bliss. You can tell that more care is taken than in the average greasy spoon diner. The dishes are attractively organized with attention to detail. For example, on another occasion I ordered the French toast: the pieces came in four separate shapes all arranged in descending sizes. Perfect for the OCD breakfast lover. I haven't had dinner here, but it seems they handcraft a new dinner menu every week or every couple of weeks.Overall with the local ingredients it's a little bit more pricey (basic breakfast dishes will run you $11-14) and the hours are slightly limited. Otherwise, this is one of the finer places to pick up breakfast in the Emerald City.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,8/30/2009,118,88,9,14,12>O'Shan Sushi has the same owners as Sushi Bay on Dexter... and the hostess recognized me from my days of Sushi Bay obsession!  I worked just up the street and it was a regular in my lunch repertoire.  Or the only.I felt very comfortable in O'Shan - nothing frou frou here, just an inviting atmosphere and folks that are there to serve you great sushi.  We sat at the sushi bar and ordered one of the sushi combos and the calamari. Normally I'm not a tempura fan, but the calamari here was quite awesome.  Not greasy or heavy, but big calamari "fry" style with a salty broth w/green onions for dipping.  House sake = decent.We chatted a bit with the sushi chef and decided next time we would let him pick from the fish behind the counter for us - there were so many things there that do not come in the pre-set combos.  I want me some of that! As a laid back, casual sushi option in Ballard, I would come here again.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,8/29/2009,325,469,14,13,14>Affogato means?A) Italian for "drowned"B) A coffee-based beverage or dessertC) Topping a drink or dessert with a shot of espressoD) What Neptune now servesE) All of the aboveIf you answered "E", you're smart!  It also happens to be one of my favoritist things in the world.  There's nothing better than a scoop of gelato (or in Neptune's case Molly Moon's Ice Cream) topped off with a shot of espresso.  It's yummy, and at Neptune where the coffee is rich and smooth, expect to die of happiness and ecstasy.  Dan the man (aka owner) is friendly and outgoing and out of all the business owners I've met is one of the best!  When it was 8000 degrees this past week he totally made a makeshift ice bucket for our bottle of wine, which was very nice.  After trying all three of their white wines on the menu I have to say I'm a fan of each and am pleased with their prices.  If a friendly owner, amazing espresso, chill environment and good selection of wine aren't enough incentive for you to get your butt over here, I don't know what's wrong with you.  Just take my word, you'll enjoy =)
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,8/28/2009,37,230,13,14,13>Never had a bad time here and last night kept the winning streak going... A friend wanted to check it out, since he loves dive bars and hadn't heard about this one.  Which amazed me.. I let him know that it was mostly a country bar, which usually isn't his scene, but he wanted go anyways.  Ok...Been here mostly on country nights...This time though, when we walked in, it was actually karaoke night AND they were having a pajama party.  OH BOY... Luckily only about half of the crowd was in pajamas so we weren't so out of place..The good thing... I got him to sing karaoke ...Not like he doesn't sing all the time with his band at shows, but I got him to...   "Hurt by Johnny Cash".... Love this place and love the crowd that comes..  Great people watching bar....Usually there is always a mixture of people anywhere from early 20 somethings to older regulars to bikers ... Bartenders are always on top of things, even when the crowd is overwhelming...
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,8/27/2009,72,265,15,9,11>I was a virgin to the whole pedicure thing til yesterday. Damn, I have been missing out on a relaxing procedure. I have been told by my wife, that my feet/toes are ugly. So with my wife still out of town, thought I would surprise her, and see if they could work magic on me.When walking in to the salon, the place was pretty packed. Ladies getting there nails, brows done...but all attention turned to me, when I announced to the hostess that I wanted a pedicure. The massage chairs are huge, as I started the pedi..thats short for pedicure, I know my salon lingo. The lady worked magic on my nails, gave my feet a much needed massage, and rubbed some nice lotion into my feet.I had two ladies on either side of me, giving me suggestions for color on my nails. Since my goth days are over...I went with a boring clear and shiny coat. So in short Diva nails rocks, they gave me water to drink, and were very nice. The price was 20 dollars, and I was in there for at least 40 min. So guys do yourselves a favor...and run to Diva, and get pampered.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,8/25/2009,65,92,13,11,12>My coffees here have been somewhat inconsistent, but only in the flavor potency.  The quality has always been excellent, and the fine touches of craft barista-ing really show in the best of these independent coffee shops.The staff at Muse are pretty friendly, the decor is clean and simple, the coffee is smooth and smokey.   The service has gotten notably faster since my first few times coming here, and such an improvement is worthy of accolades, in my humble O.Whenever they have a Ginger-Pear Muffin (that's not an allusion to a redhead's genetalia) left over, I snag it 'cos they're quite a unique treat to behold.  The cake slices are a bit over my cake-slice price range, but they look scrumptious and it tempts and mocks me everytime I visit.  Bastard cake.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,8/24/2009,241,192,13,17,16>STUPID!! (good) Happy Hour!! Between appointments I stop in this place and take a seat a bar. I am greeted warmly. I order Peroni Beer on draft and Prosciutto Leporati, BOTH delightful! I am impressed!!! THEN I am BLOWN away with the small plates provided ON THE HOUSE!!! Four different (4!! thats right FOUR) lil plates of cashews, zucchini, cheese and pickled veggies! YUMMY!!! I mean for FREE!!! Did you know THAT!!!?? My total bill was $9.90!!! (not including nice tip!)Everyone was pretty, server boys & girls, bartendar! Everyone had a smile....I am going back again real soon!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,8/23/2009,718,1048,6,13,13>I think I just found another decent burger on the Ave. Woo hoo!I like my burger naked (meaning just the regular toppings and nothing fancy or different), and that's just how they called this one there. I heard it was the frozen patty instead of them grinding their own beef and whatnot, but it was still a pretty dang good burger. (Not AMAZING, but definitely good.) They have a nice selection, too. The only ones I remember though are the jalapeno burgers, the one with barbecue sauce, and that one of them had grilled pineapple.I was happy that the fries came with the burger because I wasn't sure if that would be the case for a burger that was just under $6. It also came with their house aioli sauce, which is always nice because... while I love my ketchup... I also love having 2+ dips available.We also got the (new!) Huckleberry shake (~$4.35) and the Oreo shake (~$3.95). Those were good, but definitely cost more than I wanted to pay for them.They had seafood as well. Mostly fish 'n chips, clams 'n chips, calamari... basically the fried stuff. That could be good, but I'm thinking I'll stick to burgers here. They're filling and at least a couple bucks cheaper.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,8/20/2009,241,480,7,7,8>I've been recommending Shorty's as a destination bar for tourist friends for years and yet I had never set foot in the place myself until just this last Sunday.  What the hell was I thinking?  Letting my friends party here without me?  See, I'm Belltownaphobic.  I used to avoid that area like the plague.  But one spicy ass hot dog, a can of Hamm's beer in honor of my Grandpa, and my best game of Pirates of the Caribbean pinball ever and now I'm hooked.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,8/19/2009,390,547,24,15,11>OK, first of all, I can't believe I'm admitting I go to this place.Second, holy mother fracking crap - OUCH! Ouch, Ouch, Ouch. I will admit it, I am a baby about pain. My wife says I have the pain tolerance of a baby. My baby says that's an insult to him.Seriously - this was far better than my experience getting waxed that one time before I went on my honeymoon. It was quicker, less painful (but still hurt) and a lot less "sticky" afterward.I had a little trouble scheduling the appointment, but the place is easy to find (it's across the street from where the earliest reviews place it, but still in Madison Park), there's lots of street parking, and it's comfortable once you're in the studio. Not a lot of ambiance in the waiting room, but who cares. Jill has a great bedside manner, although she did try and keep me talking, which was really hard at some points when I just wanted to grab the sides of the table and wish the pain away. Did I mention I'm a big baby?Note that I don't get any "naughty bits" sugared, and I can't imagine how painful that would be if you're at all hirsute. Just the unwanted hair in the areas one might notice were they wearing a typical guys bathing suit, instead of the seattle full-body covering (vacations sometimes require this sort of bathing suit wearing).I'm not sure whether I'll make this a regular practice after my vacation is done (hurts, costs money, you don't stay hair free for all that long), but if you're just looking for a "special occasion" hair removal, or looking to switch from waxing to something less awful (how's that for praise), you could do worse than Jill @ Smooth Sugaring Studio
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2008,6/30/2008,400,699,39,23,22>W4M - Missed Connection - Neumo's Cap HillMe: Tallish, slightly reddish hair, tattoos, foul mouth, heavy drinker...in blackI've visited you on several occasions... once while there was a Suicide Girls show. I stood in the back and cursed the pudgy-lonely-pervy-losers, who blocked my viewing enjoyment next to the stage in hope of, I presume, a sneak peak through an ill positioned panty or to catch the scent of an unwashed girl pit.Or the time during the block party... I think you noticed me when I flipped off and cussed out the girl on your upper balcony who spilled some of her sugary-just-turned-21 drink on meOnce, you took my coat for $3 and held it for me. It was a magical moment that I will cherish always. For it was a heavy coatYou: sweaty, layered, on occasion having foul sound, handfuls of decent bands, and dirty restrooms that I hover inMaybe we can make amends and I can form a better opinion of you...call me?
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/26/2007,6/29/2008,199,210,11,8,10>As a youth, my school bus took me past the Rolling Log Tavern twice a day as it grumbled through old town Issaquah, just as I and Issaquah reached our pubescent growth spurts. Daily, I'd turn to the window and gaze at the log cabin walls with the little cabin room with the wood shingles that protrudes from above the door. I wondered how long that bar had been there, next to the Grand Central Hotel, where a broken and faded neon sign listed rooms for like 25 cents. At the time, I had no idea what the inside of a tavern might look like. It never occurred to me that I was getting a glimpse of them if I just looked over at the bar section of any family restaurant. To me, it could have been a foreign country, a place where the laws of gravity did not apply, or akin to a dangerous place like a prison. In fact, the presence of large and loud motorcycles parked in front generally gave me the impression that the world's most dangerous and frightening things might take place within the walls of The Rolling Log. I clearly remember one day riding by on the bus as someone opened up the door and pressed my face against the window to get a good look. All I could make out was the green glass of a light hanging over a billiard table. So, nearly 10 years after graduation, when some friends and I had converged in Issaquah, and when someone jokingly mentioned that we should get a drink there, I jumped at the opportunity. That first night, I was surprised to realize that some of my peers back in high school had never made it much farther from high school than their own stool at the bar of the log cabin tavern, a couple even taking up residence as bartender. The Log, as the regulars call it, abandoned the log cabin motif at the facade. Inside, it was smoky, damp, and lit by billiard lights, televisions with sports, Budweiser lights, computer darts, and a jukebox. I put in some G 'n' R for nostalgic reasons. There was ample PBR and a nut bar. There were plenty of snarky little signs and stickers, all fitting in what I now know is the accepted decor of your average, typical tavern. The Log wasn't as dangerous as I had anticipated as a kid, nor was it nearly as fascinating; it is just a run-of-the-mill tavern. Which isn't to say that nothing interesting took place. The highlight of my night was watching a 4'11" Hispanic cowboy in cow print chaps, hat and boots come in sporting his own pool cue and proceed to clean up. No one gave us a hard time for obviously not being regulars, or for looking out of place. I never figured out how to get into that little room above the door though, and the bar now occupies part of the Grand Central Hotel (the bar used to be the Grand Central Cafe, according to this site issaquahhistory.org/site…). One of the disappointments of adulthood is the discovery that some things mysterious as a child are rather banal as through an adult's eyes. Sure, there are adventures to be had at the Rolling Log, and I am sure some of my old classmates do; but none could measure up to the fantasies that filled my imagination as a kid on the school bus.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2007,6/28/2008,331,569,13,7,6>I'm a wimp.  I know this.  Open a jar?!  I'll pass.  Yet somehow after a gin and tonic (or two) on my first visit to the Lava Lounge I had super human strength.  I was simply trying to pull out a paper towel to dry my hands and somehow pulled the entire dispenser off the wall.  Since my first visit, I've learned to reign in my strength. Good place to grab drinks before or after going to a show at The Croc.  Laid back.  Not overly hip.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,6/27/2008,53,57,13,15,11>Pretty damn close....Good show.....sehr gut!I went here for the first time the day before I went to Munich. I wanted a comparison point so that if I actually liked German food (never been before) then I would have a standby close to home. In case you were wondering I always knew that I was going to love the beer :)The beers on top here are some of the ones I fell in love with in Bavaria including one of my favorites, Spaten Pils. I had quite a few liters of this in many subterranean Munich beer halls and am now looking forward to drowning myself in it on Feb 1st(the end of my 30 day challenge...damn you Tony G!!)I had a fried gerken, pretzel, and a large assortment of mustard....I offered some of my pickle to the girl sitting next to me(minds out of the gutter) and she shared her schnitzel, spaetzle, and cabbage with me....the food was delicious, what can I say I like heavy food....and it compared well to what I ate over there. Next time I come, I am definately getting the Potato Pancakes with Applesauce(I fell in love with these on my trip).Deutschland, Deutschland, Uber Alles........
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2007,6/26/2008,318,575,12,18,18>This is a great newspaper with a focus on activism and change. Some examples of the articles found in this weeks paper:Wanna Talk Values? - Rhonda Soto attacks a report by the Pew Charitable Trust Economic Mobilty Project where most African Americans polled say that Blacks are responsible for their own economic situations and have "bad values." City Up Penalty for Targeting Homeless - Angie Jones writes about City Council approving a proposal that gives homelessness protected class status under the Malicious Harassment ordinance.Authority Unchecked - An interview with Charlie Savage on the Bush-Cheney Administration's quest for more power.Vendor of the Week - A story about an ex-cab driver who has been attacked and cannot drive a cab anymore.There are so many great, eye opening articles every week in this newspaper. Highly recommend you pick one up.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,6/25/2008,336,164,20,14,13>The best selection in town.  The worst late fees.  I haven't rented here under my own name since 1999.  I have a pending $60 late fee that I don't feel like paying ever.  I brought the damn movies (2 of 'em) back four days late (couldn't find 'em..)  and they want my BLOOD!  That said, if you want it, they probably have it.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2008,6/24/2008,1785,805,32,29,36>If bars were boyfriends, mine would be The Hideout. It meets all my criteria, which would be:Sexy and mysterious with an artistic edge.Loves good music and has great style.Not pretentious and makes a mean drink.Now, if they just served breakfast in the morning, I'd totally be in love.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2008,6/23/2008,71,114,23,13,15>Forgive me, father, for I have sinned. It has been... oh.... about 12 years since my last confession. But I have been very busy in the meantime.Doing what, you ask? Well... I like going to bars. Bars are good.  And there are new ones popping up all the time, just waiting to be explored. It keeps me quite occupied.How dare you, father!! I am not worried about salvation, because I have already achieved TEQUILA SALVATION at the Saint!!! They have tons of different kinds, which they mix into delicious, unique cocktails with quality ingredients! Just one sip of a Las Palmas and I feel as though I have been saved!How will I know what Heaven looks like? Why, I already do! Visiting the Saint has given me a grand preview. It must be light and airy, ethereal white with accents of bright, cheery teal. And it must have cute, shiny pink/blue painted bathrooms.Yes, father, I understand... I shall try to be better... and worship the false idol of booze no longer... I want to walk the righteous path... what's that you say? You get off work at 9? Sweet, of course I will show you the way! The way to the SAINT!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,6/22/2008,502,444,50,28,34>Sometime in the 90s at roughly 1:50 am:Dlight: Uuuummm...lessseeee...I wanna Delush...annnn...I wanna a fries.....*hic*....annnn....meebee a coulpa tarter saucesss....Dick's Boy: Is that all?Dlight: Uuuuummm...nooooo. No.....no... I asssso would...uuuuummm...like *hic*....a coupla chezburgerssss....annnn....*hic*.....strawbereee..­*hic*...sheek...Dick's Boy: That'll be $6.66.Dlight:: Hahahaha!!!  Schweeeet!  Satan meeal! *pulls sweaty money from bra*Dick's Boy: Here's your change sweetie.Dlight: *hic* - Schweeeetie? *giggle* Wheeen do ya get outta yer lil' glass box burger boyeee? *hic*Five stars Dick's - for saving me from alcohol poisoning again and again. And five more stars for that kid who just made sure I got home OK. So, ten. Ten fucking stars.DICK'S RULES.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,6/20/2008,104,107,5,10,9>Derek was in the ID getting a haircut so we decided to go to Maneki for dinner.  We went over there around 6 and was told that the first available table would be at 7:45.  Two other women checking in were also shocked with the wait, so they started to spout out other sushi places in the area.  One of which was Fuji Sushi.  Fuji turned out to be right across from Derek's barber shop.  It is underneath an apartment building and could easily be missed.  We were pleasantly surprise by the size and cleanliness of this place.  We ordered a miso black cod, a bento box, a couple of nigiris, and a spicy tuna roll...and yes, it was just the two of us.  The rolls were ok, but everything else was delicious.  This place is definitely a worthy alternative to Maneki.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2008,12/24/2008,200,171,15,18,17>Say it with me: Txori. Oh, you can't pronounce it? Neither could I, at first. But the helpful waiter with the beautiful arms and matching smile told us it's pronounced Shoar-ee. We shared a table-full of amazing small bites - one of each, please! And it was exactly enough food. Vegetables are treated with the same respect as meats and are just as complex and fun to eat at Txori.The stand-out was the onion tart. We had to get a couple more of those sweet, oniony bursts of yumminess in two small bites.Everything washed down just right with the thyme scented cocktails.My husband joked: is this going to be like sushi - you know, the sticker shock that comes with the bill? The only shock was that we dined like royalty and drank like drunken peasants and still left under a hundred bucks behind us.I only wish the lighting was more flattering. Minus a star for making me look tired.Say it with me: Shoar-ee!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,12/23/2008,0,3,12,13,15>Calling all brides! Admittedly, I'm not the most knowledgeable about hair or makeup, and when it was time to find help on my wedding day, I was torn between spending a pile of money someone who would wow me, or spending a reasonable amount on someone who would do so-so. A friend laughed me off and said to call Julea who could do both: a great job at a great price. She was right! The morning of my wedding we ran into time restraints and Julea had less than an hour to finish both hair and makeup.... did she stress? Did she complain? Nuh-uh.  Did she still manage to do her best on a time limit! Yep! Fantastic!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,12/22/2008,139,121,6,7,6>I've had 2 more visits since my last review (a total of 3 times there, hoping to add more).On my last visit there, accompanied by a friend this time, I finally got to try a savory crumpet: English cheese, tomato, pesto. That was super good, but I think the Honey Almond Ricotta, which I ordered for my friend and got to eat some too, is still my top favorite.Also got a shot of their chocolate espresso which was delicious. As we were about to leave, I saw these golden-crusted fluffy pillow-like thing come out of the oven. And it just smelled so good. We couldn't help but stare and finally asked the man behind the counter what that thing was. It's a scone! "We just got a write up on a magazine", the man said. By this time my stomach was already full from 2 crumpets, but my tongue was wanting to have a little taste of that curious-looking concoction. So we ordered it!!! And I am so glad we did. It was different from any other scones I've had. It was fluffy, with flaky crust, not too sweet, almost savory. It's lathered with ricotta, gooseberry jam (you could choose from a few different jam options), and...of course, butter in the middle. It was so good that it worries me. I'm worried that on my next visit, I wouldn't know which of the two I would order. I love them both equally, and I would hate to choose, so I'd probably get both. If one crumpet is good company, an additional scone would make it a party.The crumpet man, who later introduced himself as the owner's son, Rob, was super nice to us, too. Told us about the business, a little history, about the crumpets and the scones. He also gave us STICKERS!! I'm pretty much in love with this place. So glad I found it.===========initial review====================Can't believe it took me this long to finally eat my first Crumpet. And what a delightful treat it was.I took a long time deciding at first. Sweet or Savory? Finally decided to go with their Ricotta, Almond, Honey crumpet. "Good choice," the man behind the counter said.I don`t usually like to eat out by myself. Actually, I never do it. I`d rather just get it to go than eat somewhere alone. But the crumpet's tastiness made me forget that I was sitting and eating alone. I didnt care.So from now on, whenever I feel lonely, I know those crumpets will keep me company.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/21/2008,37,101,12,10,12>Sunday morning. Stomachs growling.I look at my GF.  We nod in agreement.  Don't even have to say a word.Put our shoes on and beeline it to the door.  Marching down Fremont Ave, repeating in Marine Corps-like cadence:Croque Madame + Mimosa + Frites, Croque Madame + Mimosa + Frites,Croque Madame + Mimosa + Frites...Frites are perfectly seasoned, with nutty Parmesan in every bite, crème fraîche to cut the salt.  If it were socially acceptable, I would put a funnel to my mouth and have the maître d' cram the delicious Frites down my windpipe.  I can dream can't I?  Been here a number of times for Brunch, I'm sure other dishes on the menu are delicious, but the only thing that matters to me is the Croque Madame: Carlton farms ham, Gruyere cheese & Béchamel on French fried Brioche, served with Organic Greens.  This is essentially a Croque Monsieur, with a fried egg on top.  Perfect.My GF orders the Brioche French Toast: Ricotta stuffed Brioche, Currants(?) sprinkled on top, with maple syrup Carleton farms Ham on the side.  Snipes from me.Not a word was said during brunch.  Less talk, more eat.  Like a silent drill platoon.  Look at the pictures, wipe that drool off your chin, drop down give me 20 and beeline it to 35th St Bistro!Semper Fidelis, 35th St Bistro, Semper Fidelis...
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,12/20/2008,215,299,12,15,15>Novelty makes my world go 'round. Fake hillbilly teeth for a wedding party picture? that'd be something I'd come up with. Pretty swirls in my latte in the shape of a leaf? I am in heaven. It's just that little bit of icing on the already delicious cake.Neptune's a great atmosphere and offers something for everyone, ya know, being as they have coffee, wine and beer! If you know someone who doesn't drink one of those three things then I urge you to friend-dump them immediately, they are not very cool. Anyway, service is fast and friendly and sort of fun even.I'm usually a starbucker, I know, blasphemy, but you always know what you're getting there. No more, whats a few more blocks? I'm heading to Neptune whenever I get the hankering for a warm coffee from now on, which isn't often, but still, the fact that my warm beverage place of choice has changed is a huge step for me. Good job Neptune, you've semi-converted me.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,12/19/2008,17,34,4,6,7>The ambiance: Loved the cork bar. Loved the comfy stools at the bar (my feet didn't quite touch the floor, but that's the norm for me). Loved the soft, but not too soft lighting. Loved the copper stuff running along the walls. And really loved the curved, paneled wood ceiling. This place felt so comfortable to me that I'm thinking about taking my sleeping bag next time and staying for a couple days. The food: Yum. The menu has some definite similarities to Stowell's last opening, Tavolata. This place is like Tavolata Light. While Tavolata serves a bunch of slightly larger "family-style" dishes that are great for sharing with a few friends, Wolf seems to be targeting the small plate concept more. Both the chickpeas with lemon oil (yum), celery, and raisins, and the fettuccine with hedgehogs, oil (lots), cheese (percorino toscano, I think), and pork jowl reminded me of similar dishes at Tavolata. Pork jowl and heavy oil - clear signs that you're in an Ethan Stowell restaurant. I'm not complaining. Please feel free to add pork jowl to any dish, and I'll be a happy patroness. In addition to the chickpeas and the fettucine, we went for the scallops with the olive citrus relish and the Cana de Cabre with crab apple jam for dessert. Both were great. I wish the scallops had reproduced on the plate so that my friend and I could have had more than one each. Sadly, nature does not work that way. The dessert goat cheese was a seriously generous slice. They're not messing around in the cheese department. The staff: Rocked. Super friendly. Attentive. On top of their game. All smiles. They're clearly into what they're doing and creating a great experience. We arrived here on a Monday night and were told the wait would be about 45 minutes. We had a quick drink at Hill Top and headed back to the bar seats awaiting us. It was a great meal and experience. I can't wait to go back.P.S. There's no wolf on the menu.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,12/18/2008,64,88,10,12,12>A few weeks ago I moved into a new apartment less than a block away from the Bottleneck Lounge.  Through the haze of schlepping boxes back and forth I could see this little bar patiently waiting for me.  I knew that once the nightmare of moving was over, The Bottleneck would be my new hangout.  Just call me Norm.  Well my permanent barfly status has yet to happen but I have gone there twice and was pretty impressed.The Bottleneck has an amazing specialty drink list that is perfect for someone wanting to splurge and get some fancy, unique drinks.  The list of ingredients like basil, lavender, and honey may seem a little unusual but are definitely worth a try.  The specialty drinks average about $8-9 which is pretty standard.  For those with a little less cash in your pockets, like myself, the PBR Saturday happy hour does a body good.  As for the food, the menu is small but solid.  They have panini sandwiches and a few appetizers.  I had the Caprese panini and the hummus plate.  The hummus plate was big and had a great assortment nibbles.  The sandwich was pretty basic but something I would try again.  Overall this seems like a great place to stop for drinks not necessarily dinner.  Look for me at the corner of the bar as I will definitely be spending a lot more time at this place in the future.  Especially with some great special events coming up!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2008,12/17/2008,129,419,8,6,8>I came here and saw "Chokolate".  Great show and the performers were off the hook.  The main star, man she can improv like no other.  Throwin' out words from the audience like; Obama, sex and maverick and you can only imagine what sort of jazzy cool and classic rhymes you could come up with...and if you can't, come to Jazz Alley where they know how to lay it down.  The food is pretty good and priced to a height but worth it.  Food stops being served at 8pm so make sure you get your order in.  Service is on par but sometimes a little lacking.  With such great artists on stage, it's hardly a mishap as you will be set for a fabulous distraction.  Come willing to groove ladies and gentlemen for this is the spot to hear some great, local talent!  Fo' sho'!!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,12/16/2008,21,117,9,13,9>I've walked past this place a thousand times (mostly when eating at Molly Moon's) but never went in. That changed tonight, and I'm so glad I went.When you enter the whole staff stops what they're doing and gives you a traditional Japanese greeting. Not for the feint of heart :)The menu is hilarious - the description for "Wow! Tempura" is simply "Merry Christmas!" and various items are listed as "serves four people, or one shark." I read the entire menu for entertainment value alone.The presentation here is the best I've seen in Seattle - the Caterpillar Roll actually *looks* like a caterpillar. The servings were also well-timed, with additional rolls/food brought out just as you were finishing up the most recent plates.The maki rolls are a bit smaller than over at Rain (the basic maki rolls, i.e. tuna or salmon, are downright tiny - the themed rolls are larger) but the price goes down with the size, so it's hard to complain. I am a spice wimp and was disappointed that there weren't more non-spicy rolls - but if you *do* like spicy you'll have ample options.There are also many unexpected offerings, like a cheesy scallops and onions plate that was DELICIOUS. I encourage you to try something new here.It's not often crowded here, so it seems like a good place for a hungry group on a Friday or Saturday night.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2008,12/14/2008,27,123,7,8,7>I'm really on a roll today writing reviews of places already heavily reviewed.  How much can I really add to this, I ask myself?Oh right, this isn't about me, it's about barbecue!  Look, this place is hardcore in just about every way.  Hours: 11am-2pm, M-F.  Menu: 4 or 5 items.  Barbecue: Done right.  Sides: Awesome and inexpensive.This is more or less a grab and go shop, but all the food is done right.  I'd say this is the smokiest barbecue I've ever had, and that's a good thing.  Beef seems to be a little better than the pork, which can be slightly bland, save the smokiness.  Sometimes they have specials- I recall a $9.50 plate of rib tips which were fantastic and more food than I could handle.  A nice kicker is $1 cornbread or brownies (sometimes) on the side.I'm curious how much of their clientele consists of jurors from the King County Courthouse who have no idea what they just wandered into.  Either way, they're never terribly busy, which works well for me!  Oh, and to clear up the confusion- they do take credit cards now. I give 5 stars because this is elemental, unique, unadulterated, and wonderfully local.  These guys have been doing barbecue right for some time now- go check it out already!  Well, assuming you can get downtown for lunch, that is...
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,5/15/2011,213,757,15,18,17>This place is posh.  I really enjoyed my "big girls" dinner here the other night and wouldn't hesitate coming here again. And I have to say that the service was more than accommodating with our ever growing, and previously forgot to mention we had more people coming -  table . The waiter seemed a little surprised but non-fluxed about it. He was lovely even if he thought I placed an order for a second cocktail when I didn't (and Im certainly not complaining about the additional brown derby I had, it was delicious!)Food is great! Cheese platter was delightful and I loved my lamb cassoulet - great flavor and texture. The meal made me feel warm and happy inside. The frites are tasty if not a little bit greasy -- and DO plan to share. You get a lot of them.Decor is fabulous -- mod mood lighting, and lots of seating options from a giant communal table, the bar, and squishy seats hiding off to one corner. Would be a great place for a date -- but do plan on a reservation. This place was happening on a Saturday evening and was pretty much the only way you were getting in without a long wait.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,5/14/2011,254,164,15,16,15>I can play this on the piano. I remember trying this place out when it opened and thinking it was pretty good. That was a while back, so sweetheart and I checked it out for dinner last night. This place is zero frills. No matter how you try to dress it up, it's still a hole in the wall. It is not sexy or romantic. There was a point where we were the only guests and this was Valentine's Day. So there you have it. There was quite a bit of take out traffic though and I can see why. If you live in the neighborhood, it's quick, easy and not overpriced. I had the spicy teriyaki bento box while Valentine had the tempura shrimp bento box. It was a lot of food and about half came home in boxes, but everything was tried. Sour face spit her mini egg-roll into her napkin, but I thought it was fine. The rest of the grub was very good without being mind-blowing in the least. Squarely worth the money. There's no beer or wine. I'll let you live with that a moment. There are chopsticks, lots of them, in a cup on your table. My curious date wondered what's to keep people from sticking them up their nose and putting them back in the cup? I used a fork. Also, I believe they will let you sit there all night, if it's slow. If you want your check, you'll have to scoot back your chair, stand up, and walk all seven steps to the front counter and ask for it. All-in-all, a pleasurable experience without making me all humpy-humpy. Thanks, Chopsticks.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/13/2011,499,896,20,27,21>Stone Temple Pilots may want to run through my wicked garden, but I'm thinking that's an acquired taste so I headed over to Envy on Alki to the charming and talented Trudy to keep me smooth.Ladies, you all know that this is a service that - if not what you were hoping for- can go horribly wrong and can cause more than a small amount of hell on earth.  The best news is that from the minute you walk into the cozy shop until you walk out the door, this experience is perfect.The style in which Trudy deals with customers puts even the most timid at ease, her great bedside manner allows you to feel totally comfortable letting her do her thing and/or giving feedback if you want something different than she's envisioned.Add this to a really nice and spanking clean waxing room, quality products and reasonable prices and you'll go from King Kong to Fay Wray in no time!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,5/12/2011,205,135,13,20,16>The first week of our CSA at Growing Washington I cooked up some golden beets that arrived in our box.  After one bite, my husband (who mostly ate spinach has his primary veggie), announced, "I never thought I liked beets, but these taste sooo good!!!"  Growing Washington changed the way we cook and eat!!!  We've been members of this CSA for three years and have offered our front porch as a hosting site.  They provide 100% LOCAL and ORGANIC fruits, veggies, and even butter, flour, fresh flowers, herbs, and eggs.  All the products are fresh and unique.  The BEST thing about this CSA is that they provide a LIST of all the FRESH stuff on the farm that week, and you CHOOSE what works best for your taste, cooking style, and needs.  You can be adventurous one week, and conservative next week.  It's all so flavorful and delicious.I've been particularly impressed with the service.  We've been going with the CSA for three years and anytime there has been questionable quality they always replace it, no questions asked.  Two weeks in a row we got some icky misuna, and the third week they sent us FLOWERS.  I always feel like I end up on top.Just another reason to love summer in Seattle.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,5/11/2011,306,630,7,11,10>Good Mexican food in Seattle makes me excited.  I went here last night for a friend's birthday dinner and liked everything about it.The food was great.  I had the chicken mole enchiladas, and while it wasn't the best mole I've ever had-- that prize will always go to Red Iguana in Salt Lake-- it was pretty delicious.  The chicken had great flavor too.  I'm going to have my leftovers for lunch in a bit and I'm pretty excited about it.  The carne asada got rave reviews at the table, as did a couple types of tacos and the goat.  The chips and salsa were great; two flavors of salsa and distinctly non-greasy chips.  The guacamole was super fresh and chunky, but could have used a little more salt or something.  Presentation for all dishes was pretty fancy and better than you'd expect from a Mexican place.The waiter was attentive, friendly, and super helpful.  I arrived before the rest of the group, and we chatted for a bit about Mexican beer (apparently they're the first place in the Pacific Northwest to have Pacifico on tap?!) and how 1986 was a good birth year.  He sent the bartender over to help with a friend's wine recommendation.  He also managed to split up the check between five people so that the birthday boy didn't have to pay.  Definitely above and beyond.(One tip:  parking is kind of tricky in this neighborhood, but if you're lazy like me, there's $5 parking under the QFC a block away.  They definitely  don't have valet parking like their profile says.  I'm pretty sure valet parking doesn't exist in Cap Hill.)Good food, good service, good atmosphere-- definitely a fan!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,5/10/2011,99,124,11,18,16>I spent last night organizing my sock drawer. Really. After stopping in to Sock Monster and being pleasantly surprised by the variety of socks in one place, I updated my sock stock with some awesome and fun styles. Everything you can imagine is in this place: wool, cotton, even recycled eco-socks (they recycle the cotton fibers, not other people's socks!). Anklets, knee highs, over-the-knee, leg warmers and tights. Simple or stripes, patterns, and sparkles. You name it, they have it. The sales assistant was helpful and patient, and she also gave me some great ideas based on some of her favorite styles. Now I find myself planning outfits around my socks. Good bye boring socks, hello Sock Monster!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,5/9/2011,129,291,9,11,9>I love froyo and spent lots of time in northern California taste testing them all. Menchies pretty much has everything I'm looking for in froyo. A large variety of flavors in which they encourage you to test. They're all kosher, most are nonfat and full of flavor. I love that they offer the traditional tart flavor and their pineapple was seriously delish. You can mix and match any of the flavors and then pile on your own toppings. I also love that they have multi-flavored mochi, but I couldn't really distinguish the flavor/colors and that is really my only complaint. I haven't been able to find the real deal, fresh mochi anywhere in Seattle anyway. If you like froyo, you'll like Menchies.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,5/8/2011,76,135,15,8,9>Are you kidding me; this place is my kryptonite. My Achilles heel; the tire on my waist.... eff. I love it. Strawberry Rhubarb; Apple Crumb... sing to me. Blueberry- I have gotten twice... was not that impressed. But the rest make all the bad things in your life disappear. No longer seeing a therapist. Thank you Seattle Pie. I love you.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,5/7/2011,140,198,11,12,9>I went back, I just couldn't help myself.This time, I had the hot and sour soup.  Wow.  That stuff is SO good.  I didn't even need dinner afterward, if I hadn't shared the soup with my two dining companions it would have made a lovely dinner all on it's own.  Next time I'm sick I plan to request someone get this for me.  YUM!This time they were busy busy busy, and it took a little while for them to come and get our order (not a big deal, I had a glass of wine to sip on and didn't mind at all).  The food came out quickly, and we began the "stuff our faces" portion of the evening.I can't wait for more soup.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,5/6/2011,154,223,17,14,14>To give this place anything under a 5 only outs you as someone without any taste whatsoever and/or someone who doesn't enjoy the finer things in life - like perfectly cured meats! :P***Warning: the next 2 paragraphs contain gross and unappetizing content***I showed up one morning about 20 minutes before they opened.  I decided to surprise my s/o with a nice sandwich from Salumi's for when he woke up.  I had to park a few blocks away, and let's just say: no good deed goes unpunished.  As I was paying at the parking meter, I stepped in a HUGE pile of crap.  No, I mean really, crap.  A steamer.  Riiiight there in the middle of a city sidewalk.  I just *hope* it was animal crap....  After all, I have seen some really surly homeless people hanging around in that area...So I stood there for about 5 minutes trying to scrape the poo off my shoe.  Ugh.  If this venture was for anything *but* Salumi's, I would have called it quits and headed home.  But, I've come this far and suffered this much.  I must continue.  Compensation must be made.So I go stand in line.  Whadiya know?  I'm the first in line.  Fortunately the smell from the bottom of my shoe had pretty much gone away.  As I'm standing out there I had the opportunity to watch some bus drivers go through their training.  They were trying to get the bus back on the cables.  That looked like fun - for me to watch.  Once they finally got back on track, the gal doing the driving got yelled at because she didn't turn down the right street.  "Vanessa!!!!  Vanessa!!!!  NOOooOooO!!!  Turn RIGHT!!!!"  Oh man.  *snicker*  It was well worth the trip just to see that.They finally opened up their doors, and I was first in line.  Now, I am a huge fan of olives.  I am also a huge fan of a good muffaletta sandwich.  The one and only downfall to ordering this sandwich is that it is cold.  Trust me, this one is *much* better if you toast it and eat it warm.  It's a delicious sandwich!I also tried the curried cauliflower.  "Eh" is the best way to describe it.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  I guess it just wasn't my style.  I also tried the spiciest salumi they had, and it was awesome!Salumi's a must-visit location in Seattle.  My only regret is that they don't have longer operating hours and more days.  But with the draw they have, they probably don't need the business.  Then again, if they extended their operating hours and days, it might lose the novelty of it all too.  I do wish they had more - softer - bread options too, but what they have works for their sandwiches.Yes folks, even on a day you step in crap, it can only be redeemed by visiting a place like Salumi's.  I will be back on gnocchi day.  I can only hope the people watching will be just as fun as my first trip and the sidewalks will be cleaner.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2006,5/5/2006,163,911,1,3,1>This place is cool - kind of a small diner situated smack in the middle of Queen Anne, across from Mirabeau room.  I went for the roast beef sandwhich, which was on white bread, had gravy, and was served with a heaping mound of mashed potatoes.  While I'm not a huge fan of any of these things, I can still vividly remember how good it tasted.Of course, go at night and there's always sketchy characters, which makes it either entertaining or a little scary.  In 25 minutes there, we saw two separate patrons skip out on the bill.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2006,5/4/2006,369,271,7,9,8>In recent years Americans have coined a phrase "metrosexuals".  In the beginning "metro" usually referred to well dressed and educated men who took care of themselves but lately even the punk rock kids, indie rock kids, girls and god forbid even the tree huggers have taken on the "metro" sexual roles and ideals.Now if there was one place in the city of Seattle to get a haircut it would be Zero Zero.  Formed recently by a group of Rudy's rebels it sits on Summit Avenue between Pike and Pine and next door to the famed Zebra Club.  Zero Zero has the best of the best working there.  With affordable prices and a great selection of quality products to take home, they simply can't be beat.Ever wanted to get your hair cut by the same guy who cuts rockstar hair all day?  Then you need to have Jake Gravbot cut your hair.  He is a master at his job and the finest in Seattle.  There is no price that you can put on a great haircut and a great style by a true hair ninja.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2006,5/3/2006,37,101,1,7,3>Short of a steady stream of overworked salary men, Maekawa is a real-deal-happy-meal Izakaya (Japanese pub).  Like Megan D., Maekawa is one of my favs to get sauced and mack on some snacks.  In traditional Izakaya fashion, patrons are like family.  The drink menu is ample.  Maekawa is the only place that I've found that serves such popular drinks like Chu-Hi.  Don't expect over the top Japanese food here; rather, they've got a spot-on smorgasbord of small dishes of which you will never find in one of the many faux-Asian bar/bistros around town.  The main objective is to get sauced-up while eating snacks to keep your stomach down.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2006,5/2/2006,4,219,2,4,2>It's solid. I like this place for 4 vital reasons:1) It's big, so you almost always can find a table for your group. 2) They have good bands that are never so loud you can't hear yourself think.3) They have seriously good bar food. Inevitably when you're there, someone will HAVE to order some type of food. Desserts, snacks, actual meals -- it's all good. 4) They have cider and I like cider :-)
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2006,5/1/2006,0,4,1,3,1>my husband and i have been to the dahlia lounge more times than i can count. i live in nyc, traveling to seattle 2 round trips monthly. even though i dine out at wonderful restaurants nightly, the dahlia is a special place for me.  whether accompanied or solo, i prefer to eat at the bar. it lends itself to interesting conversations with other patrons, a beautiful view of the tree-lined avenue; and the feeling of being enveloped in the beautiful red-walled intimacy of the dining area. being a confirmed foodie, the cuisine is of course quite important- but so is the hygiene, professionalism, ambience and charm of the establishment and it's employees. over and over again i have been feted, spoiled and indulged by the wonderful staff as i have consumed with glee the well-prepared and well- executed dishes that tom douglas sends out of his kitchen.   thank you dahlia lounge for providing an oasis of civility for date night, getting together with the girls, or just a lovely reflective meal on my own.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2006,4/30/2006,19,43,1,3,3>I came here to celebrate my friend's 21st birthday, and was very pleased with the whole night!  The parking was a bit of a jaunt, but nothing that I couldn't handle in my three inch heels. The layout of the place is genious.  There's a room for tables to sit and hang with your friends, a space for a couple of pool tables, an outside patio WITH heaters, as well as a dance floor, cage included.  We certainly utilized every aspect and had an amazing time.The drinks were great as was the selection of male specimens.  Great place to come and hang out with your friends.  I will certainly be back (=
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2006,4/29/2006,4,18,3,3,4>What does heaven taste like?  A Dick's Deluxe, with a side of fries, a chocolate shake, and a peppermint ice cream sundae with hot fudge.  How do you improve upon perfection?  Dip the burger IN the chocolate shake.  For those squeamish about getting meat in their shake, Dick's delectably soggy fries go well with their creamy chocolate concoctions too.  Other delicious permutations include fries and peppermint hot fudge sundae, and fries inside the Deluxe.  Or all four at once.  Would I feel so strongly about this Seattle institution were I not weaned on it?  Possibly not.  But I was, and I have faith that had I discovered the world's most trashy-fabulous diner later in life, I would love it no less. Oh, and I happen to be partial to the one on 45th, but they're all a little slice of heaven.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2006,4/28/2006,9,49,2,2,1>Wild Ginger has a great vibe all around -- great dining scene, great bar scene, intimate tables for two upstairs, or casual bar seating parked in front of the open kitchen.  The sommelier was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, serving us two terrific wines at dinner.  The first, Biale, was a stunning off-menu petite syrah and the second, a Bordeaux-style blank label wine called simply "The Boy."  For starters we shared the grilled, skewered scallops and Vietnamese vegetarian spring rolls which were a little bland -- but most likely because I was unable to reach the accompanying sauces, and couldn't be all reachy grabby because this was a business dinner (bubble over my head "uh huh, customer profitability models, yep, need to map the data, uh huh, portfolio view, yep...god, I would kill for a dab of that plum sauce.")  For dinner, I had the coconut curry prawns which were nothing short of DE-lish. The hereto for "un-named" client had some sort of seven seasoning beef satay, for which he claims an unhealthy addiction whenever he is in town.  Wild Ginger will be the first stop next time I'm back in Seattle, but I will chose my dinner companions wisely ever mindful of the pending shared dipping situation.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2006,4/27/2006,3,19,1,1,1>yes it is another gaming shop.  Ready for the fun?  OK so what happens here is nerds (me) go there and talk about our favorite games (warhammer 40k) and then play them.  These places are usually nice hang outs for nerds and that is why I like it.  I will be frank, some would say I am cool, fuck them.  I like being a nerd more, less girls yes but the people are almost always genuinely nice and caring.  The good things about this place are the people and the stuffs.  The bad thing is the game room is always hot and if you spend more then 2 min in there you smell like the kid in high school who hadn't discovered showers and the magic they could bring to your life.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2006,4/26/2006,12,174,1,1,1>It is sad this is such a man bar. It is a great place to hang out. Come on ladies get your lessie friends out here. The drinks are powerful and stiff. There is a great view to watch over the street. Or sit by the fireplace and munch on some appetizers. I like the atmosphere but have also felt not welcome. Sometimes the gay men just stare, get over it , its a public place man.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,12/11/2011,207,130,10,19,15>With the famous Maneki close by and the more prominent Fuji Sushi signage across the street, Tsukushinbo is understated and can be easily overlooked.  Overlook it at your peril, as this place is very good, and for a reasonable price.The staff (a family) is friendly, personable, and professional.  The son, who mans the sushi bar, has the bar-side manner of an excellent bartender, as he treats newcomers (like my wife and me) with equal aplomb and warmth as the obvious regulars who sit at their favorite seats around the elbow of the sushi bar.  Ask him what's fresh, and just order what he rattles off, as it is good.  The day that we were there, the Spanish mackerel and the toro were fresh, and I enjoyed them both.  Nice-sized slabs of fresh fish, well-carved, sitting atop small fingers of rice.We also sampled items from their kitchen.  They are particularly good at Japanese-style bar food, such as the chicken karaage -- cooked just right in oil sufficiently hot enough to seal up the outside and keep the inside juicy, and not too salty.  The miso-glazed black cod, too, was good (though, to be fair, I've yet to dislike such a delicious fish like black cod).Enjoy a grainy, malty Japanese beer, like Kirin or Sapporo, and you're having a great meal!  And the bill came out to a lower price than other Japanese restaurants where the food was comparable.There are so many other authentic items listed on their menu that I haven't seen in other restaurants.  As Rick said in Casablanca, "[Tsukushinbo], I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,12/10/2011,109,455,8,9,11>Living on the Hill it's impossible to NOT know about Unicorn.  The crazy teal & black striped exterior pops out from two streets away, beckoning you in like a mad hatter to a tea party.  Given how bright the outside is, I was kinda surprised how dark it was inside, and the dark lighting plus the loud music is never a positive combination for me.  Otherwise, I liked the decor, which kind of looks like a safari hunter threw up in a carnival.  The large booths in the back were ideal for a group party, but as the place filled up, there was a definite shortage of chairs available.Food items ordered were Unicorn Balls, Narwhal Balls, and chicken nuggets. Don't judge - a girl cannot dine on balls alone!  I didn't expect to like the first, as they have jalapenos but they were surprisingly quite tasty.  The chicken nuggets were among the most awesome bar food I've ever tasted, even if the spicy honey mustard made me choke when I inhaled too much of it.  The Narwhal ball wasn't my thing, but that might have been because it was cold by the time I got around to eating it.  Unicorn gets an A- on the food, and it would've been nice if they had brought some extra plates as well.The Unicorn in "Pear"adise was beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked.  I was glad I paced myself as the Birthday Boot drink came next and YUM!  The unicorn birthday helmet (mis-represented to me as a 'hat' which is like saying the sun's surface is 'warm') is a kick in the pants and as a birthday venue, Unicorn is pretty sweet.  It seems a little pricey for regular visitation, but I wouldn't turn down an invite to hang out here.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,12/9/2011,5000,240,55,40,45>I've spent many Friday nights under the lights at Memorial Stadium, where time seems to have stopped.  There have not been many major changes to the stadium outside of the artificial turf and scoreboard, but the stadium has aged gracefully (not like Husky Stadium).   The 12,000 seat, Seattle Public School run facility opened in 1948 to feature football games from its high schools: Ballard, Broadway (closed), Cleveland, Franklin, Garfield, Lincoln (closed), Queen Anne (closed), Roosevelt and West Seattle; and it would be the home to new high schools added over the years that include: Ingraham, Nathan Hale, Rainier Beach and Sealth.Adult admission for a game is just $6.  This is a really good deal if you catch a double-header - they have games at 5pm and 7pm on Friday.  Hell, maybe you will see the next great FBS player and NFL star!  Dress warmly if you do go because it gets really cold and the wind whips around inside the stadium (think Candlestick Park).Last week I attended my alma mater's Centennial Anniversary Homecoming game with friends and fellow classmates.  It was quite a game with Franklin beating Ingraham 21 -12.  GO QUAKERS!What was that line from Dazed               Huh?  You mean:  "That's what I loveand Confused?                                          about high school girls, man. I get                \                                                     older, they stay the same age."                 \                                                    /                 O                                                 O                 /|\                                                 /|\                 / \                                                 / \__________________________________________________­__   OBNOXIOUS "FRIEND"                       ME          Ah, yeeeeah.                                     I'm calling the cops.                  |                                                    |                 O                                                 O                 /|\                                                 /|\                 / \                                                 / \__________________________________________________­___   OBNOXIOUS "FRIEND"                       ME
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,12/8/2011,103,123,13,13,12>Sweet holy mother of god that was some good french toast!  I went with the Rebecca L group and got to meet Darth V.  That alone was worth the trip.  The lovely ride on the ferry from Pier 52, the interesting conversation and camaraderie of Yelpers, Lady Vader's take-no-prisoners approach to having a good time...if you were not there, you missed out.  Plain and simple.I think the whimsical nature of this joint upon first entry is very deceiving.  They are doing good food here, and the signature dish is treated with a tremendous amount of respect.  That notwithstanding, I did have to note to Darth that the Latke dish was a little overpriced for what it was (it has to be at least 80% pure profit on every order.)  I'm taking a star for that, so there's my justification.The island has a confectionary and a renowned ice cream shop that you can visit to further get your sweet on after brunch.  I will be back, because the trip, the walk, and the food are totally worth it.Don't ask any more questions, just go do it.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,12/7/2011,153,80,16,12,21>The most important reason to go here is THEY SELL THE PORTAL CAKE.You know, the cake that was a lie? The one that Glad0s said was delicious and moist? Yes, video game nerds, they have that cake here for sale. Rumor has it, someone who worked at Valve bought the Black Forest cake from this bakery, took it back to Valve for someone's birthday and then the cake joined the ranks of legend when it was featured in Portal. We found this out one day while we were at work and since the bakery was super close to MS campus, we bolted over, pooled our money together and bought us one delicious and moist Portal cake. And yes, we are still alive.Anyway, the cake is on the spendy side ($30 for a whole cake) but we are video game nerds and the opportunity to buy a Portal cake was seriously worth it. In fact, we plan on going back once a month and buying a cake.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,12/6/2011,204,515,9,13,11>The unpretentious breakfast joint.  A rarity it seems in the age of concept heavy restaurants.  Shanty Cafe is a classic greasy spoon with all the dishes you would expect to see.  I came here searching for my self-destructive breakfast obsession, chicken fried steak.   There's come with  a nice white creamy sausage gravy that just screams 'please plug up my arteries now!'. Oh but its so tasty, stick to your ribs stuff.  I wish the size were a little bigger but thats probably a good thing.  It comes with a side of hash browns which were sufficiently extra crispy as requested and two sunny side up eggs with toast.  My coffee cup was never empty and I felt the service to be personable and friendly.  Kind of makes me want to be a regular.    Their hours are pretty limited to the breakfast/lunch crowd which is a shame (7a-3pm) and I wish they were open for late night foraging.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,12/5/2011,142,37,20,16,18>Yes, Seattle. More of this, please. I'm not asking for Savile Row, people. But maybe a little less cargo shorts and Northface combo, at the very least when dining in public? It may be because I'm starved for sartorially satisfying male eye candy or attention out here but this place gets me so......bewitched, bothered, bewildered. Vexed, perplexed. Simpering, whimpering. Where are my smelling salts?I like to feel up the gorgeous sexy merchandise while I build-a-man in my head. One that smells like leather and tobacco and wood and whiskey. He knows who Hedi Slimane is and reads E.E. Cummings to me in bed. Mmmmmmm. I also like to wear boys' blazers and adorn myself with jewelry that doubles as weaponry and pretend that I look like Tilda Swinton.A.P.C., Comme des Garcons, Rick Owens. But also more accessible brands like RVCA and Tretorn. Most things are pricey, for sure, but I'm a firm believer in 'you get what you paid for'. You're a grownup now. You have to consider things like 'investment pieces' and 'cost-per-wear'. The apothecary carries things that make me jump up and down clapping like a fool, sniffing everything in sight. Like Malin+Goetz and Diptyque. There is a table of beautiful notebooks and books. They carry Behance and Field Notes. Even if I'm completely broke (most of the time), it is worth coming here as a treat for my eyes. It's nice to look at such thoughtfully designed things to sort of recharge before heading back out into the cruel world of jorts, windbreakers and utilikilts. At the very least, I can pick up an issue of Vice. It's totally free.Seattle men, dress more like this. I'm starving over here. Blackbird, do you want to make out?
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,12/3/2011,263,156,14,8,8>This is truly a mecca. You wanna know why?BAM! - They have like 6 things on the menu, and don't give a wet slap about anything else!BAM! - They make the *perfect* balance of meat to cheese to onion to bread. Unlike Tat's, they don't blow it with far too much meat!BAM! - The fellas in there are super nice! I'm not sure if it was their sister who packed the bag to go but this feels like a sweet family operation!BAM! - The guy who took my order said to me, with a sweet east coast accent "Hey, you see that over behind me? We're gonna make pizza soon. You know why? You can't get a decent pizza in Seattle". DOUBLE BAM! Across the street from a pizzeria SLAM!BAM! - They were blasting the Chairman of the Board over the stereo. EAT HERE. NOW. That is all.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,12/2/2011,176,500,8,14,15>I've been going to Huong Binh for about ten years now, and I'm definitely a fan.My favorite order here is the banh uot chao tom in a bowl, aka shrimp on sugarcane with rice roll, peanuts, veggies and a side of some wonderful fishy sauce. The shrimp paste wrapped around the sugarcane is juicy and flavorful and the portion is always more than I can finish, and under $10. I also like the pink coconut drink with jellies in it (che thai!!), mmmm!Service here is great, the complimentary tea is delicious, there's free underground parking and I like how they sell baked goods and dried fruit and stuff there as well. Huong Binh is easily one of my top five places in Seattle. *CASH/CHECK ONLY*
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,12/1/2011,601,289,10,12,14>quarters should cover their windows, have a door bell in the front and make themselves into a speakeasy.. because really, that's what it is.  the group and i found this hidden gem while trying to find a place with a decent happy hour, and boy... do they ever.  3 bux for gin tonic?  yes please.  4 bux for blueberry vodka soda?  YES PLEASE!!! 1 dollar for the best popcorn you will ever consume?!  YES!!!!!  and wait for it... 2.50 for beer.  total cost for drinks for the three of us was under 12 bux.  (it's like the prohibition era prices!!)they don't do fancy drinks, they don't have fancy music, but they have a jukebox, a good vibe and pretty decent service for the price you pay.  to be honest, when i first walked in, i thought to myself, "what in the world am i doing here?  this place is super divey!!"  with my "out on the town" clothes on, i felt really out of place....then you get past the cigarette smell and you start looking around.  the interior of the place is actually very beautiful.  with a VERY old seattle feel to it.  and the smell... it kinda adds to the ambiance of the place.  it's like a hint of what seattle really is or what it was.  and i like it.  actually... i really like it.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,8/5/2010,718,1048,15,27,24>I visited The Cobra Lounge with a nice big group of Yelpers this week, and we really enjoyed ourselves!The space is cool and cozy, the couches are very comfortable, the walls were painted by a local artist, and THEY HAVE THEIR OWN PARKING LOT! I don't have a car, but I know that's a pretty exciting thing for First/Capitol Hill!The owner was great and told us all the information we needed/wanted to know. He even insisted that this time our hookah experience was on the house. VERY cool of him because we came there expecting to pay.They had a lot of the "usual" flavors but we decided to try the Razzle Dazzle (Raspberry & Wormwood) and the Bob Marley (Apple & Kava Kava?). A bowl is about $23 there, which kind of seems like a lot.... but, if you split the cost with some friends... and take your time.... it doesn't seem that bad. Plus those bowls lasted a LONG time and the staff frequently checked to make sure we were good on coals.Also, the Cobra Lounge is a music venue so there's (usually?) a DJ providing some tunes to enjoy as you chill out with your friends.They don't have food or a liquor license (yet??), but they did provide us with some Arizona Iced Tea (love that stuff!), bottled water, and I believe I saw a (Mexican?) coca cola bottle. Some hungry people from our group got some pizza elsewhere and brought it back to the lounge.So, what do I think? I think this is one pretty damn sweet hookah lounge!WELCOME TO SEATTLE!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,8/4/2010,149,196,16,19,17>Do you ever drop someone off at SEATAC or finish shopping at Southcenter and think, "Hot Damn! I'm FUNGRY! But I hate all the food joints in Tukwila!!!"If so, head on West down the 518 and get your booty over to Taqueria La Estacion where you can get the BEST carne asada tacos in Seattle! Seriously... I'm ranking this place above Rancho Bravo, Taqueria La Fondita, and even Tacos El Asadero. The steak is marinated to perfection and served on warm homemade corn tortillas. Chips and salsa are complimentary but beware of the green salsa if you don't take heat well.This place is carne asada heaven.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,8/3/2010,519,323,19,9,12>Forgive me father for I have sinned.  Last night I cheated on my Lenten diet.  Hopefully I'll be forgiven for this because it was quite the delicious sin.If I'm going to hell in a handbag, I hope I can smuggle a piece of Hot Mama's pizza with me.  This pizza by the slice is so damn delicious.   It's hot and chewy, and had the perfect crust thickness, so it can be folded, keeping all of the delicious toppings from falling off.  The sausage and freshly sliced mushrooms sang in my hungry (and admittedly drunken) mouth, and I wanted more.  I'm usually late night hot dog cart fan, but Hot Mama's pizza is so good, it's understandable that there are no hot dog carts anywhere near this joint.  Even with all the cream cheese in Seattle, they wouldn't stand a chance.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,8/2/2010,204,515,14,19,15>Finally!  an Indian place worthy of the 5 star review (in my humble opinion).  I loved this place!!  Came here with a rather large yelping crew for a UYE.  Located in downtown Renton, this place truly hits all the right notes.  The Food was spectacular.  Here is the shakedown:Chicken Tikka Masala- nice sweet and savory sauce,  you could literally dip shoe leather in this stuff and it will be tasty..Chicken Korma- chicken with onions and spices- very tasty, savory and just enough spice.Sizzling Chicken Tikka white meat Sizzling lamb chops -both of these sizzling dishes were excellent, not dry at all nice and juicyBengun Bharta-roasted eggplant with peas, spices- wonderful version of this dish, shmear in on naan, rice whatever floats your boat.Fish Tandoori-not what I thought it would be but oh so GOOD!  three large fish fillets (not sure what kind of fish) that looked to be deep fried then tossed onto one of those sizzling plates with onions and spices.  Get this dish!Naan and Roti- both of these all purpose flat bread utility items were spectacular, all fresh, and warm..Not only was the food top notch.  The service was simply amazing!  Orders are the waiter/owner and are punched directly into his Iphone (app?)  so are started almost immediatley once ordered.  The food came out so quickly!  Also, due to this technology forward ordering system, he was able to break the bill down, dividing the total evenly amongst all the party, even parceling out those with individual drinks!  Clearly WAY above and beyond the call of duty.  The prices here are reasonable for indian places which usually run a bit more expensive then say Thai food or Chinese food.   Most entrees ranged from $13-$20.  The interior is quite spacious and is quite modern looking and comfortable.  My new go-to-Indian place apparently is going to be in Renton!  Go figure.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,8/1/2010,78,80,8,14,11>Absolutely 5 stars.  (I typed "Abslutely" first - almost kept it.  lol)Apparently I was really lucky to be able to make an appointment online on a Monday for the Thursday of the same week.  It's recommended to plan and schedule a month out - THAT'S how popular they are and I'll tell you why.First of all, I had arrived to be told that the girl I was scheduled with was running behind and that we'd wait for a few minutes and maybe have to reschedule.  I filled out the new kid paperwork and by the time that was done, they told me - no problem, they'd rescheduled me with someone else for the same time and everything could go on as planned.  Turns out the 'someone else' was the owner and I suspect she didn't exactly have to take me.Sugaring is super amazing.  Michelle answered all my questions with a depth and ease that bespeaks the knowledge she has of her business.  Sugaring is not as painful as waxing, it's better for your skin because the sugar only sticks to dead skin and hair - eliminating much of the irritation and damage that waxing can cause, and over time, your hair really does come back finer and finer until, in some people, the follicles just stop producing it.Incredible.  I asked her how she felt about the fact that she was working herself out of a job - she laughed and answered that there's a lot of hair to be removed in Seattle.  Her business certainly isn't suffering, in fact, in these economic times, she's actively trying to hire more employees.  The problem is that she really knows her stuff and so the hirees really have to know THEIR stuff.  She isn't willing to reduce that month long wait time by hiring some chick who does a subpar brazilian in 60.  And that says that whether or not you get Michelle yourself, you know you're going to get a quality hair pulling.Aside from the fact that I'm no longer a sasquatch (quite the opposite), I was really impressed that while Sugar Sugar does stock several lines of products for a variety of look, feel, and smell good purposes, I was never pressured to buy or even consider products.  They only came up when I specifically asked, and even then, her answer began with several natural home-remedy style techniques.  Salt and olive oil.  Wow.Overall, I'm massively impressed.  The space is very open, modern, and clean.  All the staff that I interacted with were professional, friendly, and just casual enough to make me completely comfortable.I heart you, Sugar Sugar.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,7/31/2010,104,135,10,17,12>I remember the wonder as a kid buying his first violin.  After a couple of years of squeeky, awkward, scratch on blackboard violin RENTALS, I was ready for my own instrument.  And of course, it was these RENTALS that were so horrible, with a LOG of a bow strung with FAKE nylon horsehair that was the reason why that violin sounded more like a cat in heat, than real music.  Certainly, it was the RENTAL -- NOT me!  Once I got my own instrument, I sounded like an ANGEL, sure I did!I went through several instruments in my "career" playing violin, and while I think it took me about 5 years to pronounce his name right, Bischofberger always came through with both buying and upkeep needs.  However, there's a handful of choices in town, and those that I've heard about have pretty bomb street cred, such as  Olsen Violins (very good work and maybe a bit cheaper that the big "B"), and Lasley and Russ in Ballard (can't vouch for personally, but heard good things).But this place is still kind of the first place that comes to mind for me -- call me sentimental.  I didn't learn how to pronounce his name for nothing!Nowadays, I wouldn't go here to buy something like strings (MUCH cheaper on the internet, if you know what you need).  But if you are sort of new starting out, or need a refresher, or to "tune up" your instrument, this is a great choice to get expert, reliable advice.  I always had good work done here.  Also, if you are in the market to buy a new instrument, or a bow (YES! This is JUST as important for your playing -- don't skimp on this one with a stick you might as well pick up from your driveway after a windstorm!), this is a good place to start.  Personally, I'd recommend shopping around at the other shops, too, to insure you're getting a good deal for what you are getting instrument/bow-wise.  It is an important decision, and it pays to do your research, plus the tactile sensory experience of actually playing different instruments, and bows, is not only fun, but an important way to find a match for you.  It's a lot like dating -- it might take a few tries before you settle down with the "one", ya know?Anyway, Bischofbergers' (Bish-uf-burg-urs) is a great place to start.PROS:  Experts in their field.  Trustworthy.  Reliably good work.  Fun shop to visit! CONS:  Can be a bit pricier than others, so it could be useful to shop around -- an instrument is such a personal thing, it's a good idea anyway.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,7/29/2010,189,149,8,16,13>I recently got married here.I say that with such ease now, but for anyone who has ever been part of planning a wedding, you know that it is anything but easy! Pam Vaughn, the events coordinator there was a pleasure to work with. They were very accommodating to us regarding our budget and the whole thing went off pretty seamlessly.A couple of perks about Bastyr: - The chapel is huge and gorgeous - if you like traditional European style churches, you will love their chapel! - They've started doing receptions there also and the food is top notch. They grow a lot of things locally on their grounds and supplement by buying things locally, so everything is excellect quality. We had a chicken dish and their vegetarian lasagna and had nothing but glowing reviews from all of our guests.- Compared to a lot of places I priced out, they are very affordable.Having a wedding officiating business as well, I will definitely be referring Bastyr to my brides.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2010,7/28/2010,91,486,9,12,8>I drive by this place all the time, and I've been to almost every other business in the neighborhood, but even after four years of noticing it, I'd never had a good reason to go inside. Until I heard the magic words, however: "Tater Tots"After I found out they serve those crispy little nuggets, exactly one day elapsed before I waltzed through the doors.The first thing I noticed? The smell of bathroom cleaner. I hate that. I mean, I like it when bars clean their bathrooms. But I hate when I can smell it. Aside from that, there were some good booth options and you could pretty much see a couple TV's from any seat in the place. And it was a good thing we snagged a booth when we got there, because the place filled up pretty quickly. Interesting clientele, that's all I'll say. But let's get to the important part: the Tots. A huge basket of them will cost you $4, and we got mozzarella sticks too (so healthy) for I think $6. Between three of us, we couldn't finish them all. But man, were they good. I can definitely see myself coming back to play darts or pool, or to watch a big game sometime. And I'll save more room for tots next time.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,7/27/2010,172,350,19,15,14>Ok, first things first.  I gotta get this out: What is with the multiple reviewers saying that they don't like this place because they don't really like beer?  Why did you come here?  It's not like they have food.  It's a brewery, not a brewpub.  Maybe you got dragged here by a friend who wanted to drink the beer?  Why write a review in that case?  I don't eat meat.  You don't see me going to steakhouses and then writing reviews talking about how I can't review the place favorably because I don't enjoy their product!  SIGH.  /rant.  If you've spent any time with me at all, you know that I really, really, really like beer.  I like to drink it and talk about it and see it being made.  Two Beers Brewing Co is absolutely perfect.  Once you find the place (haha, good luck) you walk in and grab a seat at the the bar which is at the end of the industrial space where they make the beer.  For $3 or $4 you'll get a pint of something delicious and the person who serves it to you had a solid hand in making it and can tell you all about it.  There's no food but sometimes they have pretzels or peanuts on hand and you have the option of bringing in your own grub.  I have to be honest here though - much as I love the space, the beer and the experience...I think my favorite part is Willis, the lucky dog who gets to spend most of his time hanging out at the brewery.  What a life, eh?Open hours are regularly Thursday and Friday, 3-7pm.  Check their website for other events!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2010,7/26/2010,60,122,14,15,14>Full disclosure: I was once a Pinoy until Uncle Sam made me pledge allegiance to the almighty dollar and give up my green passport. Rice and adobo has been in my system until I relocated to Seattle. If you're white or black, your first lesson is the word: Kamusta! WHY GO THERE? The only decent Filipino restaurant south of Seattle. Sorry, Inay's or Kusina Filipina, cooked food drying up in warmers all day is not restaurant-style dining. At Kawali Grill, your food is made as you order by a chef who once worked at Top of the Hilton. WHATCHA GOT? I can eat anything they offer, including the ox tail; but assimilated with Kano (white man) for years, I know where line is drawn at dining. The fried pork lumpia is sure to please. The spring roll is to Asian restaurants, what calamari is to American. If you want to experience true Filipino dining, forget the salad or sandwiches (no Filipino household serve them). Go for the entree's: Pandan fried chicken is well-marinated, chicken inasal and beef inihaw is filling, and the adobo tasty. For dessert, nothing is more satisfying than halo-halo - a glassful of sweet beans, tapioca, kaong, nata de coco, topped with shaved ice, milk and flan. (I want to give this restaurant 4 stars, but the halo-halo ingredients have been inconsistent) YOU GOT SERVED. The service is friendly, but like halo-halo lacks consistency the several times I dined. I wish the windows are clear of signage, the interior more modern Filipino instead of the typical Quiapo decor for a better ambiance. SUGGESTION - Substitute adobo rice for plain white rice. It is more delicious! Which leads us to your last lesson of the day: Masarap! A complement goes a long way.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,4/22/2012,543,163,11,13,10>For me, this was one of those places whose name you've heard a thousand times, and who you've heard others you know talk about how much they like it first-hand, but haven't been to. Because of this, my first visit was that much more highly anticipated--and I am impressed!The first thing I noticed: corn tea! Who has ever heard of such a thing?! I must have liked it, because I probably drank a whole teapot of it myself. What a novel twist.The Sichuan Peppercorn Shrimp is excellent. It is fried just right, isn't greasy at all, and has nice lively spiciness (which will be too hot for some). I ate a few of the peppers that help make the presentation so attractive. If you're looking for a quick sear of heat to refresh or invigorate you, these'll do.The Garlic Eggplant may be the best preparation I've had. Perfect texture and flavor, and I liked the whole cloves of roasted garlic. Delicious.There were some tofu dishes too, but neither quite as remarkable as the above-mentioned, although one was a custom-ordered Shanghai Rice Cakes, substituting tofu for pork. I really enjoyed the small, gummy rice cakes. "Gummy" is probably not an appetizing word to use, but this alone amuses me enough that I'm leaving it in, and it does well describe the sensation. Like, "chewy-deluxe."In general, the food is presented attractively, a cut above what I've become accustomed to, and tastes fresh and delicious. Rice is ordered separately, and we ordered rice for the table, but I found that I liked all the dishes so much that I didn't really care to eat a bunch of a rice along with the food.The space is clean and attractive, and the service just the right level of attentive and friendly, almost uncannily so. Water and teapots were kept full--and not in such a manner and with such a frequency so as to be annoying. You know what I mean. No, this was unobtrusive. Leftovers were happily boxed up for us, double-bagged, and tied shut. When it came time to pay, they did not bat an eye at the Google Deals voucher, and likewise when we asked to split the check onto four cards. Superb.I'll be back for sure, ready to award a fifth star as I get to know the menu a bit better!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,4/20/2012,227,141,6,11,9>"Do you have reservations?"What.. uhm, no. I actually thought this was a cafe. Kind of surprised you are still open...Oh. Now I see. You are not the kind of bakery that closes at the end of the day, instead you are exactly as Hai Yen described; an elegant Parisian bistro that will magically transport me to another place and time. Long, skinny row of tables leading the eyes past all of the other patrons dining on their deliciously fatty foods to the outside window- a reminder that I have not entirely left Seattle. Back inside, I am dazzled by your simplicity, your dimly lit votives, chalkboard menu on the wall, table tops made of black slate marked in bright chalk with the word "réservé". Your plates are small and simple. Complimentary ham with a scoop of bright orange melon. Escarole salad with tender lentils and beets, caramelized grapefruit, pistachios & mint. An endearing combination of tastes. $8. The smoothest chicken liver terrine (in taste and texture), sprinkled with a line of coarse salt. $6. NW grass-fed hanger steak with buttery green beans and crispy fried onions. Your steak being a little tough, I found the fried onions to be the star of this show. $19 The bread you serve has a hard chewy crust, but I will devour it happily with the freshly churned butter. I want to try your fromage, your roasted chicken and your raclette savoyarde. I will be back soon and often.Enchanté Le Pichet. How long it has taken me to make your acquaintance.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,4/19/2012,47,164,16,10,9>Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....This place is great. The staff is super, super friendly, which is always a plus. My friends and I walked in, were promptly given waivers to fill out, keys to lockers (with exchange of a valuable item), and were on our way.We did the full route, but skipped the cold pool because... it was cold. No, thanks. I'm a big fan of the dry sauna, but I liked the steam as well. Eucalyptus! Their services are pretty good too. I got a scrub down by Jeff who was great, and put me at ease. I mention this because I had to get over my body issues pretty quickly. The scrub means no swimsuit on. Naked! Although, you do get a little towel for modesty. But it was good. The scrub was honey, sea salt, and shea butter. Felt amazing and my skin was so smooth and tasty afterwards. I felt like I lost a couple of pounds afterwards! Probably because I sweated most of them off in the sauna. Definitely something I needed in the winter, right before snowpocalypse 2012!Banya5 only loses a star for me because on the day that we went, there was a large group of loud-ass braggy douchebags who didn't know the meaning of quiet, relaxing space and couldn't stop talking about their friend's car collection (over 100 cars, worth over $5 mil), and massages with happy endings (this guy would've gone ahead, if the masseuse was prettier-- you're not that hot yourself, buddy, just sayin'). I don't mind the inane chatter as much as I mind the volume. These guys' conversation could be heard beyond the doors. The ladies at the front desk had to come back and shush them four times. FOUR times. I find this funny because the waiver says in bold to be quiet in the spa. After four trips beyond the doors, these guys should have been kicked out with no questions asked. As it is though, I'll be back.Oh, and the tea upstairs was so good. Banya5, where can I get sommadat tea? We needs it, precious.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,4/16/2012,293,280,6,7,7>No other place in town has a rotisserie or does adobada better.  I can just taste the pineapple dripping onto the meat and the delicious salsas and homemade tortillas as I write this.  Yum, yum, yum.  This is definitely one of the best new Mexican places out there along with the Beloved Mexico taco truck.  I cant give them 5 stars until they add Al Pastor though.  Time to purchase another rotisserie and get the pastor going to keep my wife, the Michoacana, happy...
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,4/15/2012,140,198,5,8,7>Bakery Nouveau is often crowded.  In a city like Seattle, with so very many bakeries and coffee shops to choose from, this usually means that they offer something quite wonderful.I've been to Bakery Nouveau several times, once having pizza, picking up a loaf of bread, grabbing a quick coffee.  I had managed to avoid the tempting lovelies inside the pastry case, but I finally slipped a few weeks ago.  Now I really understand the crowds!While I've always been partial to chocolate croissants (and theirs is definitely a 5-star, the chocolate is mixed throughout and not just a chunk in the middle), what truly stands out is the twice-baked almond croissant.  It has a delightful toasty, caramel flavor, with creamy not-too-sweet almond in the middle.  I'm hooked!Staff is friendly and move people through the line quite efficiently.  Patrons are usually kind enough to share a table if it gets too crowded.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,4/14/2012,519,323,9,13,10>So i finally got to check out Indigo!  This is based on a one time visit, but I look forward to returning!!  One of the reasons I have been wanting to try Indigo is that there are limited "ale house" type places in the Lynnwood area.  Their beer menu had a nice selection and all were around $5, which I think is excellent.  As for the food, I had the "Black and Blue" flat iron steak salad.  The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare, and the salad itself was huge!  I asked for them to sub blue cheese dressing it came with for balsamic, as I was afraid the blue cheese may be too heavy and was glad I did.  The balsamic was excellent, and I had some blue cheese dressing on the side to add  as I wished.  I thought it was an excellent value at 11.99.   My dining partner had the chorizo clams and pasta, and it was delicious and well priced at 12.99.  Knowing that this is the sister restaurant to Azul's, my expectations were met, and quality and pricing right where I thought it would be.  The interior is almost identical to Azul's and the service was just as good.  If you like Azul's and enjoy beer and American food flecked with occasional Creole inspiration, you'll definitely enjoy Indigo.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,4/12/2012,71,202,5,11,11>Finally a Peruvian restaurant in Seattle where I can get Lomo Saltado!  And, San Fernando's version is tasty! They also serve other traditional Peruvian dishes such as Papas a la Huancaina (steamed potatoes with a cheese sauce) and Ceviche; drinks like Chicha Morada (purple corn drink); and desserts like lucuma (native fruit to Peru) ice cream. This restaurant however is known for their roast chicken with that yummy green sauce (which I believe is cilantro based). It is quite tasty as well! The meat is moist and is served with fries and an underwhelming salad.  Prices here are reasonable and the staff is nice. Please support this business. I don't think there are any other restaurants in Seattle that serves Peruvian food.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,4/11/2012,55,346,10,10,12>Umm WOW, my taste buds have died and gone to heaven! Delicious, crispy, sweet and savory, tofu gao bao heaven.I popped into Chino's on a Monday night right around their opening time, just to grab something quick to go since I was hiking home solo. The hostess was perfectly charming and after placing my order even offered me some water while I waited (which I declined, but bonus points for the gesture). The wait was a bit long for an order of 3 tofu gua bao, but holy crap was it worth it.These suckers survived an additional 30ish minutes of me meandering to other spots on the hill before going home, and admittedly, I was hesitant to unwrap my very tiny, lightweight bundle of food, thinking that I'd just got ripped off.I couldn't have been more wrong! Although they feel and look quite small, the TASTE payoff is out of this world. I had to keep checking to make sure I didn't get pork gua bao on accident, since the tofu was so excellently fried and seasoned! I think for the price, they're a teeeeny bit on the small side, however I eat like a bird, so they're totally enough to satisfy my appetite (for hungry hungry hippo eaters, you'll need something else for sure though!).Chino's, I'm officially in love and can't wait to go back. Now to compare YOUR thousand year old egg recipe to my mom's! ;) Next on my "to-eat" list here is the congee, yum!Bonus points for playing good hip-hop and the California vibe minus the douchebaggery (I'm from NorCal, not SoCal, but spent lots of time in/around L.A. cuz my dad lives there, and if you've lived in California you KNOW there's a cultural difference!).
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,4/10/2012,595,1498,5,15,14>I visited Japan earlier this year. While I was at the Kyoto train station about to head back to Tokyo, I was scrambling to figure out where to eat for breakfast. I came across this intriguing standing room only udon shop. That's right. No chairs here, you eat standing up. In this unassuming train station restaurant, I had one of the best udon meals that I have ever had. The fact that it was just 450 yen was amazing in itself.I was excited to hear U:Don opening up in the U-District because it sounded very much in the vein of that Kyoto train station restaurant. Except that you actually can have a sitdown meal. The ambiance is also surprisingly good for a fast casual restaurant. Decor is modern.The restaurant is located in the former Pita Pit location on University Way. The setup is cafeteria style. For my Yelp friends in Hawaii, this restaurant is reminiscent of Marukame Udon in Waikiki. The order process is very similar.There are eight types of udon to choose from in three different sizes (small/medium/large). Pricing is affordable. Around the $5-6 range, though it depends on the size. Not as cheap as Japan, but as compared to other Seattle restaurants.In addition to udon, there is a selection of tempura, fried meats and onigiri to choose from. Prices vary depending on item, between $.49 to $1.49 it seems. I like the cafeteria setup because it makes it easier to choose which items I want to include with the udon. It would be bad if these items were dumped into the udon making the breading soggy.Also if you feel like eating dessert, there are also a few items offered. They also have Jones Soda fountain and Japanese bottled drinks here.I had the medium kitsune udon ($5.75), a piece of chicken karaage ($.49), a shrimp tempura ($1.49) and a Jones Soda ($1.49).The kitsune has fried and marinated tofu in it. The flavoring in this udon reminds me of eating inari sushi. The broth has that same sugary vinegary taste to it. I liked the ginger and green onions added to the dish. It enhanced the flavor. I found the udon to be good, though I think the broth was distractingly sweet. I actually would have liked the tofu with a different sauce combination. A shoyu based udon with the tofu would have been better. As for the sides, I found the chicken karaage to be decent and shrimp tempura to be as well.All in all, I found my meal to be good, but not as great as the one in Kyoto. But I do see promise here. I would love to see an udon with kamaboko which is how I prefer it. From reading the reviews, it sounds like fishcake is offered. I think a fried variety would suffice too if there is one.U:Don is an excellent addition to the U-District restaurant scene. And just in time for winter in Seattle! Udon is a great dish to eat to keep warm during the cold months here.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,4/9/2012,390,547,10,22,18>Just like a museum, only cooler.As someone who spent nearly as much time playing pinball as I did studying in college, I am thoroughly qualified to rate this place a 5-star establishment. Seriously - it's great. You pay $10 as an adult and $7 for kids 12 and under for all you and your kids play as long as your fingers  and wrists can hold out. No worrying about quarters or change machines or even being good.There are two rows of (roughly) of 10-12 pinball machines from as far back as the 60s (one even older just for decoration in the back) to as recently as a few years ago. Almost all are in excellent condition, and they represent all the eras of pinball really well. I really like the way they are lined up chronologically so you can see certain innovations (kick-outs, electronic sounds) take hold. You also get to see "score inflation" as what used to count for a free game (1,000) in the 60s is barely a single bumper-pop in a modern pinball machine. They have some helpful signs above some of the machines explaining their history and who did the art (like an actual museum).There's even a Pac-Man and a console (sit down) Donkey Kong machine if you're in need of a break or bored with the pinball (but if you are, what's wrong with you).They have beer (in bottles), sodas, waters and juice (I think) for purchase and they don't tack too much onto the price. There's also a little bit of snacks (bags o' chips), but you're not getting a meal here. Parking's either on the street or in one of the many lots nearby in the ID.The only knock I'll give to this place is that 2-3 of the machines were out-of-service, but with some of them pushing 60 years, it's to be expected. Not gonna deduct a star for that.I'll definitely be back, as I hear they rotate the machines periodically. Plus I have to beat my high score. One of those great "hidden" gems in Seattle.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,8/16/2010,50,61,13,9,10>HOLY MOUTH FOOD LOVE. I know the food is good when I can not stop eating. I ordered the Cochinita Pibil, and I am ashamed to say I was like a rabid dog guarding my plate. I was salivating and wiping it all up with those damned handmade blue corn tortillas! I was dining with two other friends, and if they so much looked at my plate, I felt my lips curl back in a snarl. Luckily at the beginning of the meal we all traded small portions of our entrees, but once I got that taste...and the cilantro mojito...then we ordered two desserts...and I wanted to lick my plate...I was completely stuffed but I wanted MORE!This is one of those places that is so good, you almost feel like your dreaming, american werewolf dining in seattle...this place gets like six stars. Such yummy eats.I need to go back.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,8/15/2010,76,135,9,9,23>I recommend before you read this review; to go to You Tube and play the song Nina Simone/ Feeling Good. Just do it- you won't regret it. So there I am 2 months before my boyfriend's 31th Birthday... sitting sipping my coffee trying to figure out a good present to get him. The man has everything. What do you get a guy who has everything - you get him an experience he has never had! Helicopter! I called them up- got my appointment on his Birthday; no problem. Day's later- I decided to take it a step further. I noticed we lived not that far off the flight path- and thought "how cool would it be if I made a GIANT sign on the roof of our home, then got to fly over it...?" I called and asked Seattle HeliTours- please please can you fly over my home... they called me back with a YES! This part may make you ill; the day before I bought 4' Blue Painters Tape went on the roof and taped a huge I LOVE YOU. The day of the flight  the pilot maintained the surprise for my boyfriend; they were professional, kins, bend over backwards kind of folks! We did 2 circles around the house and my Boyfriends Birthday was a success as was his surprise! The views, the helicopter, the pilot everything was an experience of a lifetime.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2009,8/14/2010,293,280,4,8,7>There's something liberating about dropping peanuts onto the ground, stepping on them, and hearing them crunch.  Stomp, crunch, crunch, SIGH.  Aw...yeah.  Hooverville is a pretty nice gig for place to play some old school pinball, having a beer or two, and a little bit of pizza.  I had a great time, and I probably give this place somewhere in the 3-3.5 stars range.  I'd go here anytime before a show at the Showbox.  I really like how they rennovated the building and decorated everything.  It's like a classy dive, and I dig the vibe.  Good for small groups, smaller Yelp events (like this gathering), etc...  I dig.The quality of the pizza could be a little bit better, but, I can't complain...I mean someone else paid for it.  5 star peanuts though!!!Hahaha...
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,8/13/2010,94,409,20,20,20>Walking into Helle is kind of like walking into what you would imagine the boudoir of a Moulin Rouge show girl to look like. Do not come here expecting that stupid zen tranquility that so many salons are going for now adays... come here if you just want to keep it real.The walls are fun colors, the vintage plush red couch is AWESOME, they have reading material actually worth reading, and totatlly killer accesories.I came here to see Chivahn who i followed from Bridge Blonde and was super early so I just kind of hung out reading in the living room. She got to me and I explained what I wanted.... lighter with patches of funky colors and my old pixie cut back. She did all this flawlessley and kept the conversation moving right along the whole about 2 hours i was there. She gave me an overall lift (better then bleach) to turn my hair gold then pinkified me with fuschia and pink streaks perfectly placed and gave me an awesome pixie.Her new space in the back room is adorable, light and dark striped pink walls with spray painted gold mirrors adorning them. Take my advice if you wanna go see a girl with attitude and style, check out Chivahn at helle
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,8/12/2010,67,213,14,14,12>Our visit to the restaurant was for a Friday evening dinner and, though we do not often attempt the commute downtown during rush hour, the experience our group had at the establishment was definitely worth the trip.As for myself, and being a bit of a connoisseur or stickler of curry dishes, it was inevitable that my order would be the curry rice. Now, a majority of people would argue that the curry served at Cheeky Cafe is not Japanese at all because of its lack of thickness and rich color, but do not let the pictures deter you from ordering the dish. Although a bit odd, the curry rice dish reminded me of a pork and potato dish my grandmother frequently made for our family. Each of the ingredients within the dish complemented each other quite nicely and, although it was not as spicy as we had hoped, there was brief kick of spiciness after each mouthful of beef and potatoes. The dish appealed to me the greatest among the dishes we ordered probably because of nostalgic qualities as well as its amazing taste.Lastly, the okonomiyaki was absolutely orgasmic. If we had not been filled up from the rest of our entrees, we would have definitely ordered at least two or three dishes of the okonomiyaki. Although we would like to offer a better explanation of what the dish contains specifically, none of us would have been able to give you an exact answer. And in the time it would have taken you to ask us, we would have probably stolen your okonomiyaki and would have eaten it all before you got an answer.As for advice on what to order, start of with an order of Grandma Kam's dumplings unless you truly feel the need for calamari. Both dishes are good, but you can get calamari at any restaurant in Seattle and how could you turn down a house specialty? In addition, the restaurant is still relatively new so go now while parking is fairly easy and while wait times are virtually nonexistent because there is no doubt in my mind that this place will get quite busy in a few weeks when word gets out. And if there are still any doubts to try the restaurant out, just check out the pictures our group took of our meal. Simply mouthwatering.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,8/11/2010,224,247,18,15,14>Welcome to the Future! It took almost 1000 years to complete, Yay we finally have a Light Rail System that will take us from Seatac Airport to Downtown Seattle with multiple convenient stops. $2.50 one-way will take you from the Airport to Downtown. Ride the Wave!The next light rail expansion is scheduled to open in 2016 with service from downtown Seattle to the University of Washington. Thirty-six more miles of rail service to places like Redmond and Mercer Island are expected in the next 14 years. In 100 years I will finally be able to take the Sound Transit Link Light Rail where ever I want to go!! I can't wait =D Like Katie S. says "Come on ride the train, you can ride it... Woowoo! Come on... it's the choo-choo train." Now "We can (finally) ride the train!"  I'm totally going to sing this song the next time I ride haha.Heres a link to Sound Transit Homepage with more Information about Link Light Rail & their many modes of transportation - bit.ly/AhdXU
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,8/10/2010,220,219,4,12,7>Great place for outdoor sports.  They are connected to Mountain to Sound Outfitters so essentially they cover it all:  Biking, kayaking, rollerblading, paddle boarding, fishing, and snow boarding and skiing... Freaking rad!As a newly self proclaimed "Seattle-lite" and first time homeowner in the West Seattle area, I plan on becoming a loyal patron to both Alki Kayak Tours and Mountain to Sound Outfitters.Also, they have FREE stand up paddle boarding on Tuesdays.  How cool is that?!  Give it a try- it is easy if you have good balance, and maybe you will see me trying to rollerskate around the sound (yes, I said rollerskate... I just looked at their website and they have them!.. I have not done that in so so long!).
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,8/9/2010,114,197,7,11,11>I love the rolls! They are big, big, big at a really great price. Nice, cozy atmosphere, great location and friendly and efficient service. They serve both lunch and dinner and you get a side of miso soup with all their rolls. They also have a long list of appetizer selections such as bacon wrapped asparagus. Good stuff!Great sake selection. Hot sake, cold sake, large bottles, medium bottles. They serve wine and beer too. A little hole in the wall that they have done up right with track lighting and deep red walls. I've been to Obasan a number of times since they opened and will continue to go back for more!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,8/8/2010,142,37,20,11,15>i'm single* and live alone with my cat. i require a lot of chocolate.truffles, cupcakes, coffee, pastries and gelati in one cute shop. i love/hate it here. there are also tons of lovely gift options scattered about around the store. good place to pick up a hostess gift. i've always had lovely service here. i bought half a dozen mini cupcakes for a friend's birthday and didn't want them in a clear plastic container. the girl behind the counter cut an egg carton in half and the mini cupcakes fit perfectly! i put cute little candles in each et voila, perfect birthday cake substitute. i was being a high-maintenance bitch but she put up with me with a smile.they email you specials if you get on their list. i've gotten emails about free tastings!sit outside on the cute white chairs and tourist-watch. sit inside on a rainy day until your skin starts to smell like chocolate and coffee. yum.________________________*other boyfriend replacements- retail therapy - yelp.com/biz/chanel-new-…- sexy produce - yelp.com/biz/franks-qual…- cute gay boys - yelp.com/biz/the-elite-s…- toys - yelp.com/biz/babeland-se…
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,8/6/2010,286,643,11,10,11>Note to self: don't go to this store when you are hungry. It's dangerous. You could end up with the following in your basket: a jar of pickled herring a package of lox salmon cream cheese Cajun crab spread 3 bagels kalamata olive bread truffle goat cheese water For reals, Matt and I ended up with this in our basket. Matt loved all the fresh seafood, we both ogled at the produce, and I got lost in the wine. This store isn't cheap for day to day shopping, but it's fantastic for getting some good eats. Since Matt lives close by, I can't wait to go back with him. But next time... we will not go there hungry.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2011,10/28/2011,124,582,11,19,17>Maclise and Weimann, the duo behind Ballard's Bastille, have landed in the Hill in a crush of limes, cilantro, tortillas, salt, avocado, and tequila with Poquitos, a sexy, Mexican-tiled and patio-ed (come summer!) new restaurant on the Hill. And like any new venture, Poquitos has some kinks to work out before it's a great place overall, yet there are flashes of brilliance already. I would say most of that brilliance currently lives behind and within the bar. Our wonderful Scottish bartender this evening was a true professional, holding his cool during an incredibly boisterous first Friday night. The drinks are excellent: hibiscus, house-made grenadine, cachaca, lots of limes and jalapenos, and generously-salted rims of glasses make for an expertly-crafted selection. The margarita is vibrantly fresh and limey-light, and my favorite from tonight (the Purist) offered a slightly heartier and less sweet take. (Fantastic gin and tonic, by the way....)But a restaurant must serve food as well...and this is where Poquitos has some maturing to do. There needs to be a category on Yelp for Mexpensive: one of my favorite types of cuisine yet often frustratingly blanded for American palates that crave variety over authenticity. It's typically found anywhere that cotija, pumpkin seeds, and jicama are on the menu...all in the same dish. Although mind-tempting and enticing, it always leaves me wishing there were a way to combine taco-truck fare with excellent cocktails, and sad that it seemingly can't be done.In terms of price points, Poquitos is right in line with the nearest Mexpensive destination on the Hill: Barrio. Guacamole and chips at Poquitos? $9 (with a very generous serving of each). Guacamole and chips at Barrio? $8 (less generous servings of each). Three tacos (from yam to mushroom to chicken) at Poquitos? $9. Three tacos at Barrio? $12-15 (plus a side of your choice of beans, which costs $3.50 extra at Poquitos, and therefore ends up around the same cost).The drinks at Poquitos are less-expensive and better-crafted than Barrio's, in my palate's opinion, but the food is lacking. While the yam tacos at Poquitos were good, they weren't anything I couldn't replicate (better and cheaper) in my kitchen, and the beans, while nicely al dente and clearly simmered from a dry state, were relatively flavorless. Even a bit of salt, some lime, or a sprinkling of cotija would have added an extra and much-needed flair. I was quite hopeful for the tortillas after hearing they were house-made, but I didn't get the warm and earthy taste of masa that I love so much and would never have suspected them to be house-made had I not been otherwise informed. For an $80 tab, I expect more: otherwise, I know exactly where to find three tacos (and six lovely corn tortillas, not three), vastly superior, for $4.50. But then I would show up here for drinks afterward: keep in mind that if this review were only for the bar, you'd see five stars up top. I'm looking forward to returning for happy hour (4-6 pm) and the outdoor patio (still under construction), as I think Poquitos is solidly positioned to improve. That will give me an excuse to check in on their work!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,10/26/2011,264,133,9,13,12>Rabbit Hole seems to hover around the "gastropub" label, with fancier versions of the expected fried bar food, but not too distant from their humble, cheap origins. The prices are good, the atmosphere is nice (skee-ball!), and their signature drinks are tasty and while not dive-stiff, not watered-down either.Rabbit Hole is fairly new, and fits a nice niche for when Shorty's is just too much, but there's no need to slum it in the depths of Belltown sports bardom either. It's relaxed, good for chatting, and you won't spend a ton for snacks 'n beers.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,10/25/2011,226,740,6,14,13>5 Stars it is. I had my birthday dinner at Flying Squirrel and it was a very good choice. I called the day ahead to make reservations and unfortunately another group had already snagged my desired time slot. I had to adjust the time by an hour since it's not a huge place. But once we got there the staff could not have been more gracious in handling our group of 12. Our waitress was friendly, patient, helpful, and attentive. She even cut the cake my friend brought for me at the end of the night. We started out with cheese bread, olives, Caesar salad, and some beers. After much discussion we ordered four pizzas plus a customized vegan one. We had the the #5 (pulled pork, red onion and cilantro, cojita cheese), the #8 (the egg one), the Count Basil (pesto, olives, artichoke hearts, tomatoes), and a special with goat cheese and asparagus. I really liked the pulled pork, but OMG absolutely loved the Count Basil. It was amazingly freakin good. I want more of that pizza. I was afraid maybe we had too much food but there was nothing left and every comment I heard was positive. Flying Squirrel satisfied and impressed a mixed group of Yelpers, foodies, carnivores, vegetarians, and a vegan. Love this place. Flying Squirrel rules!!!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,10/24/2011,88,211,12,8,6>Vegetarians don't generally eat burgers because burgers are made of meat and/or the vegetarian equivalent of a hot dog. I think most veggie burgers are made of plant remnants and leaf excrement. But hey, I'm up for new experiences, so we went to try the black bean burger at Zippy's.I had the option of adding peppers known as "Mama Lil's Kick Butt Peppers." Every time I read it, I missed the word "kick." I asked the guy up front of they were spicy, and he said "don't worry, they aren't." He clearly doesn't know me very well and I decided against ordering the butt peppers and kept the black bean burger as is, adding pepper jack cheese. I also ordered a chocolate malt. Not bad. Not bad at all. Not the greatest meatless burger I've ever tasted, but possibly the greatest black bean burger I've ever tasted. Possibly the only black bean burger I've ever tasted too, so I guess that also makes it the worst black bean burger, but let's assume I've had another so I can call it the greatest. The chocolate malt was also thick and excellent. The burgers were not too expensive, and they had a variety of hot sauces available. It didn't take long to receive the meals, and most of you aren't reading this far so I'll pretend like I'm still talking about Zippy's but in reality I'm saying hello to you the reader and waving my hand all friendly-like.The burgers were not giant though. They were a little more than average size, closer to average, but they were filling enough that it's okay.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,10/23/2011,142,339,7,9,7>A haven of upscale culture in UMusic: 4Setting: 4People: 4Drinks/Prices: 4The Ave is notorious for dives: dirty grimy places supported by poor college students that will feed on any cheap thing (okay I'm exaggerating a bit). This place is the antithesis. The interior is neat and clean. The Jazz band is cultured and cool. The beer selections are swank. I stumbled upon this place based on Yelp, and I'm honestly surprised that it exists in there. You could put plop it down in Queen Anne and it would fit right in. They have live Jazz on most nights, not as professional as Triple Door but worth checking out.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,10/22/2011,191,387,14,15,11>Do you ever go somewhere thats so great that you're afraid to Yelp it? This place is that place. To elaborate on the vaguest sentence ever written, Hue Ky Mi Gia is so incredibly, deliciously good that I'm literally scared to tell people for fear of never being able to get in for dinner again. My better judgment tells me, however, that bringing this place extra business (not that they need it-- there's ALWAYS a wait) means they'll be around foreva-eva.The first couple of times I came with my parents because they're obsessed. I had no idea why until I started ordering what they were getting.Two words for you: DUCK. NOODLES.My most recent visit in particular is worth describing. Granted I was suffering from what can only be described as the absolute WORST hunger headache that a middle-class Chinese girl in the US can ever experience (hey, I have perspective on world issues, okay?), the way that I manhandled (from now on this should be shortened to mandled) that bowl of steaming broth can only scratch the surface of how much I love this dish. The moment it was set down in front of me, all manners and general socialized-human tendencies went out the door as I began wolfing down delicious bites of noodles, baby bok choy, juicy shiitake mushrooms (Lentinula edodes if you want to get technical) and fragrant, braised duck like I had no concept of shame... and for those delicious 15 minutes (probably less, let's be honest-- I am an animal) when it was just me and those noodles, I really did have no idea what shame felt like. It was pure glory.Now if I may return to my place in society to give a more level-headed review of this place, I will sum it up for you in these last sentences:Go to Hue Ky Mi Gia and order the BRAISED DUCK NOODLES for the most mind-blowing noodle experience of your life. If there is a wait, by all means WAIT.Also, they're closed on Tuesdays.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,10/21/2011,129,291,20,15,12>They've got gadgets and gizmos of plenty. They've got whose its and whats its galore. You want thing-a-ma-bobs? They've got plenty. But who cares, no big deal, I want moreeeeeeeeee!They've got more. You want teeeny tiny black babies? Got 'em. You want wax lips? Got 'em.You want a pirate eye patch? Got 'em.You want weird bacon/pickle candy? Got 'em. You want obscure trading cards? Got 'em.You want rubber chickens of any size? Got em. You want fake mustaches? Got 'em.You want holy bible erasers? Got 'em.You want star of David Maracas? Got 'em. Basically Archie McPhee is your one stop shop for any doo-dad or gag gift you could ever want.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,10/20/2011,55,346,17,19,18>god. yes. a thousand times YES.first and foremost, I admit that I have a couple of flaws that usually prevent me from trying out new places, especially diner-esq joints. These include but aren't limited to the following:- I'm a bit of a health nut and thus avoid typical "hearty" comfort food joints- I'm cheap. yeah, 'nuff said about that one.- I have a teeny tiny appetite and don't eat much in one sitting. ever.HOWEVER, despite  these things, I would, without hesitation, immediately return to Skillet Diner if anyone suggested! I hopped over early on a Saturday morning right when they opened and was greeted by an unusually chipper morning staff (I'm a morning person myself but rarely ever encounter an A.M staff that's as awake and peppy as me). I felt a little sheepish ordering just the "big boy biscuit" to go but the guy behind the counter didn't even think twice saying "oh sure whatever!" Whew! (I'm always a bit nervous ordering takeout/to-go small items at a sit-down place).After waiting a few minutes I was awarded with a mysterious takeout box that weighed at LEAST a pound, I kid you not. Also included for my $3 was a side of housemade pear cinnamon jam. Before leaving the (head?) chef chatted with me briefly about my tattoos and I left with the biggest (dorkiest) smile on my face and a general feeling of happy "warm fuzzies." It sounds corny, but there's definitely something to be said about a neighborhood establishment that can truly make you feel at home and integrated into the community, and Skillet Diner does that SO well with the quality of the people they have on staff.ANYWAY, onto the biscuit. This thing is no joke. Initially you might think "$3? For a biscuit? I can make biscuits at home!" Yes, yes you could, but your biscuits would cry and only dream to aspire to the delicious beauty that is Skillet's "Big Boy Biscuit." In reality, this thing is more like two gigantic biscuits stacked on top of one another, perfectly soft on the inside with a nice craggly, slightly crunchy top on the outside. A bit savory, a bit sweet with hints of brown sugar, paired perfectly with the housemade jam but strong enough to be eaten alone, easily.I don't eat meat and avoid dairy, but I'm pretty sure there's some sort of animal lard or SOMETHING infused in this bad boy that makes it mysteriously amazing. And you know what? It's so damn good I don't even care if there's lard in it, or if it's a bazillion calories. I just want more of it in my mouth.In short, GO TO SKILLET DINER. It is awesome. The people are awesome. You will leave stuffed, fat, and happy.P.S. I heard "through the grapevine" that they're starting a late night happy hour soon! Roughly 10pm-12pm on weekdays and 10pm-2am Friday and Saturday. The HH menu will likely include bar snacks and small plates, yum!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,10/19/2011,543,163,13,23,18>I'd been waiting for the last of Tom Douglas' three Terry building restaurants to open, and today it finally did.  It's been exciting watching new places open up constantly in this developing neighborhood, and I welcome the variety of lunch options developing around here.Ting Momo is a little space behind the Brave Horse Tavern that's open only during lunch hours (11-3).  It was crowded today, but the staff--including Tom Douglas overseeing the opening of his latest offering--was operating efficiently, getting food to diners and keeping the line moving. Seats in the 40 seat dining room rotated frequently enough that I didn't see much waiting around for tables, although many patrons were taking orders to go: I suspect take-out will be a substantial portion of Ting Momo's business.  This said, the small space is inviting if you wish to sit there.  Touches like rattan chairs and copper tables give it a Tibetan feel.  If that doesn't make any sense, forgive me:  I don't know what exactly makes a place feel Tibetan, but I felt more like I was sitting in a hut in Asia than I do in, say, my living room.Upon entry, you'll likely see fresh dumplings being made in a prep area adjacent to the register, where you order and pay for your food.  There are six different kinds of dumplings you can order (two steamed (momo), two fried (samo), and two "soft-steamed," (tingmo) which have a squishy, bready wrap).  Additionally, several ready-to-order combos are on the menu.  I chose the garden combo ($10), which is a vegetarian combo that includes one curried eggplant tingmo, a shiitake tingmo, and curried potato momo.  Combos come with what I imagine is a smooth mint chutney, and a thinner dumpling sauce (soy/vinegar), as well as a refreshing chickpea salad that balances well with the substantial dumplings.  I added thenthuk soup to my combo ($3), coconut-milk based and  boldy flavored with red peppers and shiitake mushrooms, with delightfully chewy hand-pulled noodles.I have no basis of comparison for Tibetan dumplings, but I appreciated the squishy texture of the soft-steamed tingmo and the curried flavors of the eggplant.  The slightly crunchy curried potato samo was a bit of fried novelty, vastly different from the softness of the tingmo dumplings.  Next time I'd be interested in a more traditional steamed momo dumpling, none of which is included in the vegetarian garden combo, because none are vegetarian--but there is a shrimp momo available which works for pescetarians.To wet your whistle, a variety of drinks is available, including theme-appropriate flavored chais ($3), premium sodas ($3, Virgil's Root Beer, Mexican Coke), and beer and wine.For being a "pop-in, pop-out" sort of joint, I still managed to spend plenty.  My $13 combo plus a root beer (which I ordered in a moment of weakness because damn if that isn't a good rood beer) netted me a $18+ lunch after tax and a $1 tip.  So, it's not exactly going to replace Jimmy John's for a quick, cheap lunch.  I imagine I'll return somewhat regularly, though, because it's still quick, and vigilant ordering would allow one to get an appropriately-sized lunch that's more interesting than a sandwich for around $10.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,10/18/2011,390,547,12,14,16>Every year or so when I tire of the same old brunch places I remember that I love Cafe Campagne. Why do I forget, because I'm getting old, but I digress. Cafe Campagne recognizably French (e.g. croque monsieur/madam, oeufs, baguettes) but not pretentiously so. It's like someone took a cafe right out of Paris and transplanted it to Pike Place Market in Seattle. This past weekend I was there my friend and I managed to snag a table without a reservation and with no wait, which is no mean feat.  I really enjoyed my oeufs (that's eggs, but in French, where there are apparently no consonants) with spinach and goat cheese and the spicy sausage with it. A nice step up for your usual omelet/scramble you can get at most restaurants - especially the creamy goat cheese part. It's hard to explain but you can tell they use nicer ingredients than your average place serviced by one of the mega-food-supply-conglomerates. The service was amazingly good considering how busy they were, they didn't rush us out, despite the massive line out front - sorry everyone who was waiting (but not really).The only downside is how loud this place can get, and slightly cramped, when it's totally at capacity. But that's a small price to pay for the great breakfast. Oh, and it's in Pike Place market, so tourists abound and parking can be a challenge, but it's worth it - especially if you have out of town guests.It's also worth writing a review if this is going to be your 300th review, so there's that too!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,10/4/2009,125,131,6,6,7>If I kill someone this is where I want to be arrested and it better be Humphrey Bogart that does it. I like to come here and write. I want to give this place 1 star so you wont come and crowd me while I write. Alibi room is far from 1 star though. The drinks and the food are great but really its the name, its the alley entrance, its the vibe. Anyone want to buy some plane tickets out of Casablanca from me this Tuesday? If so lets meet at the alibi room. I cannot attest to the Friday or Saturday scene. I usually only hit downtown spots after work or mid day during the weekend. If you are from out of town I highly recommend finding this Seattle treasure. It will be memorable.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,10/3/2009,36,93,7,5,5>I'm convinced that the baristas sprinkle little drops of heaven upon each drink they create.Ok. Maybe that's a bit overboard, but I stand by the fact that I have yet to taste a better white mocha in my life, and I...well, I've tried a bajillion of them at this point. This place is nothing short of amazing. I'm finding myself more than willing to trot up those massive hills from Belltown to Capitol Hill just to meet my friends for quick cups of coffee, or for a relaxing, slow Saturday morning brunch at B&O.When I first moved here, I would walk by this place and be deterred by the name. The letters B and O are not ones I necessarily want to associate with food and good drinks. But I can assure you, there is nothing in this place that stanks.My recommendations on food and beverage: Check out the white mocha. No, seriously. Try it at least once. And, if you're feeling bold, share some bread pudding with a friend. Emphasis on share - the serving is DLKFjlajkj2wreo ridiculous. And, if you want a fancy brunch, and I know you do, treat yourself to the oatmeal. It's served with an assortment of delightful treats to mix in. You kind of feel like a queen eating it.So, yes. B&O Espresso. Visit it. Drink it. Eat it. Love it. Yes.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,10/2/2009,300,256,7,13,11>I've been following Delancey for some time. A few years ago, I added Orangette to my weekly blog reads. Molly's blog posts introduced  me to some superb recipes like a decadent caramel pudding and solid chickpea salad. Occasionally, she wrote about her husband, Brandon, who met her through her blog. Their story is epic. Brandon's restaurant opened on my birthday. So, naturally, I celebrated with thin-crust pizza, frozen fruit pops, and chocolate chip cookies with gray sea salt. The five of us were impressed. Granted, after following them on twitter and molly's blog, I was primed to love this place. But I still walked away very happy.Their salads were must-haves. One, a peppery arugula with pungent radish slices and parmesan flakes. The second, two thick slabs of fresh tomato topped with sweet corn kernels, cherry tomatoes, and vinaigrette. Both made the simple, seasonal ingredients sing out loud. We got a mushroom, a hot pepper, and two pepperoni pizzas for five. Way too much food, but delicious nonetheless. Delancey's crust is gentle and chewy, with a few larger blisters of char. Their local padron peppers and thin-sliced mushrooms were favorites, but the majority voted pepperoni the winner. All were good for breakfast too JThe raspberry yogurt pop dessert was tasty but I loved, loved, loved the chocolate chip cookies with gray sea salt. The chocolate was still melty delicious, though I could have used more salt.A legendary couple of foodies make a five star pizza place. With cookies. I love it.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2009,10/1/2009,44,158,19,8,11>Do you want to have sex with a vegetarian? Then be the first to take them Camelita. Just came back from our third trip. Great care goes into the dishes. I love how you taste one ingredient in a dish and think, "Hmmm....well, its ok....", then taste another and another.....soon the combination blows a big cosmic yumfreakingtastic hole in your mind. *heavy breath*......ok, lets just say its good food. Yummy food, excellent wine selections, consistently good service, all veg and lots of vegan, whats not to love? This carnivore loves Carmelita.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2009,9/30/2009,114,107,32,28,24>Dear Exercise,I have never liked you. From our early days together in middle school gym class when I did anything I could think of to get away from you (like that time I actually got excited to take a surprise volleyball to the face because it meant getting benched for the rest of the hour - thanks, Wilson!) to more recent times when I thought having an exercise bike in my living room would encourage me to do something healthy while I zoned out on the Sopranos (though the bike did make a fantastic coat rack), we haven't really been "tight" for the last 29 years. So, what changed? Why do I suddenly eschew happy hour for 45 minutes on my favorite elliptical machine? Why is my iPod shuffle and its wealth of Ghostface songs suddenly seeing the light of day for the first time in years?The answer: Ballard Health Club.Last year, I started feeling gross. Tired more often than not, out of shape, and unhealthy - I was getting a cold every six weeks. I realized I had to do something and, since I'd tried aimless walking around the neighborhood a few times without ever sticking with it, I figured I'd try the old "Pay for a gym and you'll guilt yourself into actually going" trick. I didn't get around to joining until early this year, but after my first tentative steps on treadmill #6, I've never looked back. I hesitated a little before signing up, but after hearing about the free unlimited personal training, frequent yoga classes, and lack of weird gym-rat attitude combined with the super low monthly rates (around $35), I was left with no excuses.Since I joined, I've gone consistently around 2-3 times per week. I have yet to attend a single yoga class or take advantage of the training, but the rhythm I've found with the machines has instilled in me a love of working out until I'm nearly wheezing. The fellow members are cool and stick to themselves for the most part, which I love, and the staff are also really nice and helpful if you ever have a question. I wear gross old clothes and turn red and end up covered in sweat and it's totally chill. I'd only take off one star for lack of a swimming pool and hot tub (which would be magical), sometimes tough parking, and limited hours - if it was open 24 hours, I'd for sure be there on those weird nights when I've had too much mate and can't get to sleep.So, exercise, I guess you're not that bad. In fact, I think I... love you?Eternally yours (unless I break something),Shauna
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2009,9/29/2009,38,51,7,10,13>Wow -- what an unexpected shot of glamour in suburbia. A certain someone told me about Frank's a while ago, and we immediately decided to check out their happy hour ASAP. But after a day of shopping in U. Village this weekend with Heidi F., we found ourselves hungry and in the mood for something a little more sophisticated than The Ram. I knew Frank's was nestled somewhere in the 'hood, close to its sister restaurant, Pair, so it was a no-brainer. Loyalty be damned -- I knew Frank's was just what I needed. And I was right. We walked into the champagne parlor and saddled up to the two available chairs at the bar, taking in our stylish surroundings. This place is so well-designed and sexy -- wood-paneled walls, gorgeous couches, footstools and seating arrangements, perfect lighting. Our bartender was incredibly attentive and cheerful. I tried a Dover-Calais (gin, St. Germain Elderflower, Chartreuse) and felt warm and fuzzy by the third sip. Frank's has a great cocktail menu with lots of interesting, yummy looking concoctions; I can't wait to go back and try them all. Unfortch, we missed happy hour (offered even on Saturdays!), so we decided to split an entree: the seared duck breast with fontina grits. OMG. Melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Our bartender split our entree for us even though we hadn't requested it -- another mark of fantastic service. I was so enamored by the whole experience that I found myself uncharacteristically gushing to other patrons standing in line for the bathroom. You'd never guess that Frank's has only been in business for 11 weeks -- they run a tight ship. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,9/28/2009,20,13,21,15,17>It must be gratifying to be the baker man at Cafe Besalu. He works there, rolling pastry just behind the display case of his heavenly handiwork, where he can watch the patrons melt , just like his buttery croissants in your mouth. He always has a very satisfied smile on his face, that says: "You like that, baby? Who's your daddy?" I go for the perfect, flaky pain au chocolate, but I can never get away without taking something else to go. He always has a danish with seasonal fruit that is to die for. This isn't some sickening sweet mushy pastry with fruit jelly, honey. This is flaky on the outside, soft and just chewy on the inside and fresh fruit, with just enough glaze to bring out the natural sweetness of the ingredients...whooo... I need a cigarette.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,9/27/2009,130,221,7,7,7>This is my favorite place for a threesome!!  Me, Jamesons and Guinness.  The Owl and Thistle does not care that I am Italian.   It does not care that I can't dance the jig- or dance at all.    But, when I am inside this dark and warm and inviting Irish pub, I feel like I am Irish- well, maybe Italian and Irish.  The Owl and Thistle is a great place to sit back listen to great live Irish music and pick at an order of the Peasant Bread and Cheese Platter.   The Owl and Thistle is an inexpensive start to a great night in downtown Seattle.  It is a great end of a night in downtown Seattle.  It is a great night, period.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2009,9/26/2009,226,740,7,9,9>I will shut up about Taste of India someday. But not yet. Man, the food is so good! On our last trip I got the Chicken Tikka and a mango lemonade. I'm not a huge mango fan but I can't wait for another, it was delicious! The chicken scared me a little at first, being both the same size and florescent orange color of those fake boneless chicken wings. But it was just as great as everything else I've had here. The BF got Tandori Cod. He loves all the Tandori stuff. Our only complaints remain that there are too many staff people milling about and I wish they wouldn't wipe down the table while you're still sitting at it. But the food makes up for these minor annoyances. In fact, Taste of India beat out our more expensive meal at Vij's Rangoli in Vancouver.  Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,9/25/2009,172,350,12,14,10>White Horse is cool.  It's very different than a lot of what you find in Seattle, especially downtown.  My friend and I had been on an accidental crawl around the area, beginning with Pike brewery and continuing at some unremarkable places when we walked past this place.Is that a bar? I said.You know, I think it is.  She said.  Should we go inside? I said.I'm not sure. She said.We were a little intimidated by how dark and quiet it seemed and did the walk-by a couple of times, knowing that the people inside could see us and would probably laugh at us if we went in.  But we did anyway and damn if this place wasn't great.We settled in a couple of armchairs off in a back corner, each with a heavy pour of $5 red.  There were some people at the bar, chatting with the bartender, some people up by the front window reading (maybe they didn't see us walking past after all!) and a couple or two in their own corners.I had just finished reading a feature on the international space station and being tipsy decided that right then was a great time to tell my friend all about all the interesting things I had learned.  (Being so quiet, every other patron of the White Horse got to learn them too!) If you're in Post Alley and feel like a quiet drink, this is the place. (And if someone is in the back talking about the mating habits of seahorses, it's probably me.  Come over and say hello.)
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,5/4/2010,153,164,11,27,22>Since giving up my fruitless search for great North Carolina-style BBQ, I started to look for great BBQ, *period* - any style, any place. I had heard about Kau Kau from several of my friends who work downtown and always figured that Chinese-style BBQ pork HAD TO be better than what I've been getting here in Bellevue, where the reek of star anise practically claws its way out of the to-go box and that weird red color almost literally glows in the dark. Things like Chinese BBQ don't, after all, become traditions if they suck.Now, I know. The BBQ I had at Kau Kau - and I don't for a moment think it's the best I'm going to eat in a city like Seattle - was fragrant, perfectly moist, tender, and almost melt-in-your-mouth buttery. We just had the basic lunch plate, with chicken wings and steamed broccoli and pork fried rice and all of it was among the best I've tried in this area. We got two pounds of the pork to go and sat in Marshall Park, an hour or so later, STILL talking about what a great value it all was for just FOUR NINETY-NINE. They do have a full Chinese menu, of course, and, while I don't expect that it all will be as delicious as this pork, I do find the sort of cooking skill and deft hand with seasonings that let me know that whatever I eat there in the future is going to be enjoyable and a great value.Places like Kau Kau make a mockery out of most of this city's pretentious, raised-pinky, see-and-be-seen places (you KNOW who you are...), without needing to constantly "rebut" and "correct" the scores given them  here and on citysearch. These folks, unlike those fools, are PROS. They concentrate on the FOOD and let the PR take care of itself. In my experience, if you do that one simple thing, the PR follows naturally. NOTHING promotes a restaurant better than having the people who eat there tell their friends about the wonderful food. Kau Kau was a privilege for me; a chance to step outside my own preferences and eat something truly delicious, at a price all of us can easily afford.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,5/3/2010,23,45,9,15,10>Oh my god, yes.  There is nothing to say but yes.  Fresh tortillas?  Yes.  Fresh salsa?  Fresh guacamole?  Amazingly flavorful tacos?  Crazy fresh fish?  Local ingredients?  Yes, yes, yes, yes.And, did I mention it's cheap?  And they do takeout.  And they have Mexican coke.I pretty much want to try everything on the menu.  This is the pinnacle of Seattle Mexican food people.  Also - breakfast tacos!!!!  (And rumor has it they are getting Stumptown coffee.)With all the cheap wholesome yumminess, this is destined to be my regular Mexican spot.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,5/2/2010,765,551,19,12,11>Quaint.Is it me, or is the word 'quaint' an odd mixture of 'quiet' and 'faint'? Well, that's applicable, in this case, as the size and atmosphere of White Horse makes it feel like you should speak in hushed tones, and the comfort of the couches made me feel like passing out would work out all right here.I didn't. That is, I didn't speak in hushed tones, OR pass out. Instead, we teased my friend, traded hats, and drank mead. The bartender was pretty cool, the beer and wine selection was diverse, and I was comfy on the couch I sat on.And the bathroom. The bathroom is quaint, in a circus freakshow sort of way. As I walked out of it, a fellow waiting his turn looked at me and said, "wow man, you are TALL"I stepped down from the platform."Oh."
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,5/1/2010,609,878,10,11,14>Wow, really? I've been wanting to come here for months, and I never realized it's in the same complex I shop at EVERY weekend? Such utter fail. But! After much adieu, I finally made it here for lunch the other day, accompanied by Rebecca S. For those who have a bit of trouble finding it, it's actually up on the second floor, which is probably why I've never noticed it all this time.We ordered far more than we were able to eat, but hey, I'm always a fan of leftovers:* The meal started off with a complimentary cold kimchi-like dish - I'm not quite sure if it was (cabbage and shit, according to Rebecca), but it was spicy and pretty tasty. * The dan dan noodles were also incredibly good, strong and spicy, with noodles of good consistency and texture. Finding a good balance of noodles to sauce was important though, because I found that it could easily either be too bland or too salty. The leftover sauce was pretty good with rice too, should anyone care to try.* Egg drop soup was also really good, though I found it a bit unusual for having young bamboo shoots and shiitake in it - this was in no way a bad thing though. I ended up taking the leftovers home and making a pretty tasty congee with it, by just adding rice and some white pepper.* Can't really comment on the tofu since I didn't eat much of it, but it was reminiscent of that common cold dish with long slivers of tofu with celery and carrots.The place was pretty clean (although I heard the restroom was typical Chinese restaurant fare), and service was, well, a bit more than expected, as our waitress actually served and split the noodles and soup for us. Price was pretty good, with all that coming out to be ~$25, leaving enough for at least another two meals worth of food (three if you get a bit creative). Now that I know where this is, I'm definitely coming here instead of Sichuanese when I get the munchies before doing my groceries.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,4/30/2010,87,262,8,11,10>5-stars for service. Annessa (sp?) makes our Obasan experiences great every time! As regulars to this new LQA sushi restaurant, I've decided my staples are the caterpillar roll, the yellowtail sashimi, miso and ... sake, sake, sake.Swanky little place on Mercer with very affordable prices and the friendliest (and funniest) server ever.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,4/29/2010,318,575,12,16,16>I love Mongolian Grill. I love all you can eat. I love how you can eat so much you are going to pop and then you go and get a refill though you know after you eat that refill trouble awaits. I have always said that I would do pretty well in a Mongolian grill or spaghetti eating contest. Wait, I am getting ahead of myself. THIS MONGOLIAN GRILL IS NOT ALL YOU CAN EAT. It is kind of weird for me to say that because most places are all you can eat. So I am tempted to knock a few points because of that. Then I realize that after I do get a refill or two I need to have a couch to rely on for a couple of hours after that, so maybe not having all you can eat is a good thing.The Mongolian grill here isnt too bad. You get one bowl for about $7 and you can fill it up as much as you want. I've seen some clever people stack their bowl really high and am amazed how it didn't fall. Nice variety of meats and veggies and you get the choice of white for brown rice on the side, which I never finish.I may be a little generous with the stars on this one because it isn't the best Mongolian Grill I have had. But it is pretty tasty and considering the choices I have to eat in this area, a place I frequent a lot.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,4/28/2010,200,171,15,13,15>Do I love to feel like a movie star while eating? Oh hell yes! Did this place keep me feeling Hollywood glamourous even though our party of 10 was nearly overrun with preteens? Let me tell you, the Sidecar helped, but again, hell yes!Our large party ordered a good portion of the menu. And since I'm always game for a round of Jewish Ping Pong (trading forkfuls food across the table for those not in The Tribe) I tried almost every dish and loved every bite. The stand-out dish for me was the beef salad. The sliced beef arrived smokin' hot and crispy on the outside and bright pink on the inside. The greens were tangy and spicy and slightly wilted from the beef. I've got a Homer Simpson-sized dollop of drool hanging off my lip just thinking of that salad.I can't wait to go back and eat the rest of the menu!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2009,4/27/2010,331,569,13,16,15>Along charming 15th Ave, tucked in among quiet coffee shops and laid back eateries, you will find Canterbury, a rough around the edges dive bar that is not only people friendly, but also pooch friendly. The Canterbury has the potential to be Capitol Hill's Cheers bar. The regulars will nod at you when you enter and pat your dog. The kitchen serves up some good pub grub with standout nachos and chicken strips. Oh, and they serve milkshakes! C'mon. In the winter, grab a table near the fireplace and sip on a specialty warm cocktail. In the summer, lounge on a bench near the large open window and share a pitcher of cold beer. Nothing about this place screams classy, but no one there wants it to. Canterbury is a dive. It knows it and it's a-okay with that and so am I.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,4/26/2010,221,439,26,16,15>The Telltale Signs of a Noob Eating at Pho Bac (AKA a list of Noob crimes that I committed):    -  You wait for the menu to only discover that the menu is hanging on the wall when the waitress comes by to ask you what you want (bring your reading glasses or you'd have to run up to the board like me) -  You ask for the "beef fatty broth," not having remembered the actual term, Nuoc Beo.  For a clarification the waitress asks, "Is it the one with the green onions?"  Your response?  You stare blankly at her until your dinner companion (BTW -- thanks Zachary Sam Z!) steps up and says, "Yes."    -  You wait for the bill to come to your table only to realize that you have to go up to the front to pay.-  Lastly, you try to pay with credit.    EPIC FAIL.  I like this place a lot - they give very generous amounts of bean sprouts, limes, basil, and chilies which shocked me because the ones on the Ave are so stingy!  As well, the Nuoc Beo makes the already amazing broth even better because it's true -- when you want something to taste better add fat!   With the Nuoc Beo, you'll get yourself extremely hydrated because you will drink the entire large bowl of pho!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,4/25/2010,153,353,17,23,20>I tend to look at Theo Chocolate through multiple lenses. While it is the scrappy principled underdog with respect to the tyrannical faceless national chocolate manufacturers, it is also one of the titans with respect to the trendy local chocolatiers.The latter cools my heart a bit while being bombarded with their marketing (including the insinuation that there is no possible way a less boutique-oriented competitor could sustainably offer the same quality product any cheaper without being terrible heartless farmer-exploiting demons, especially since you can buy Theo bars for less at Bartell's) but I do respect that they follow the end-to-end process from developing relationships with the collectives of cacao farmers they purchase from to producing the truffles, bars and other products bearing their name, the Fair Trade logo and the USDA Organic designation, more of which one can learn about on the tour ($6, replete with many samples) from a non-ironically and almost but not quite overly enthusiastic guide.Speaking of which, while my family, meeting expectations, did not embrace the philosophy behind Fair Trade and questioning the sourcing of one's food, the informative chocolate journey was still deemed worthwhile which is a reasonably high bar for something that is not a certified tourist trap (or even the Seattle version of one.)However, while the tour is a good use of an hour even when not entertaining out-of-town guests, the real reason to patronize Theo is the product, of which the samples flow freely and warrant a visit alone. Unless, through years of reprogramming, you exclusively respond to unnatural amounts of processed sugar and HFCS, there is something for everyone to the tune of $3-$5, whether it be one, many or all of:- the basic milk (45%) or dark (70%) bars [for the bland-seeker]- the slightly spicy coconut curry milk bar- the rich dark coffee bar that actually tastes largely of it- the bitter, possibly entirely unsweetened cocoa nibs- the strong spicy chile dark bar deserving of significant other kudos- the pay-$1-more-for-a-fuzzy-feeling-inside Dr. Jane Goodall alliance barsRoom for improvement? Price, and I'd be curious to see what a proper patissier charged with surpassing Dilettante's cakes could do with the quality raw ingredients.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,5/5/2011,55,346,12,21,15>By now I have had high 5 pie in three very thorough, very different experiences, and I'm basing this third and final review on an average overall of those experiences.My first review was based on their opening party night, which of course was biased since I didn't pay for anything and got the opportunity to sample yummy bites for free (and everyone knows stuff tastes 33% better when it's free, right?). The second review was about 2 weeks later and around 7AM on a Saturday. The product wasn't as fresh as I'd hoped it'd be but the workers were particularly chipper and eager to help (given the time of day, I'd say this alone was worth a few stars). I found the crust a bit chewy and tasteless and the filling was "decent" but not mind-blowing.Fast forward to this week, where High 5 has unveiled their new "pie happy hour" (which btw is Mon-Thurs 3-5 and includes cutie pies, pie slices, and flipsides only). I saw their twitter update announcing this and, seizing an opportunity to leave work early, eagerly made the hike back to the modernized bakery front.First and foremost, I have to say that management here needs to communicate better to their employees! When I arrived, I made a quick joke about rushing over for happy hour, and both employees behind the counter had no idea what I was talking about! What's even better is that there was a sign taped to the door of the bakery announcing happy hour, and the employees completely failed to notice it!I had a bit of a wait due to a couple of people cutting in front of me, and while I wished the employees would have noticed that I'd been in the queue first, I recognize it's really not so much their responsibility as it is the people in the store (that is, don't cut, it's RUDE!). I wasn't exactly ravenous though so I figured I'd let it slide cuz everything I wanted was plentifully in stock.I'm assuming that most of us have read the scathing reviews of the accused "inedible crust" by now, and I feel as a pastry enthusiast and amateur baker that I should step up to defend these guys.It is backbreaking work to build up a business, let alone a BAKERY in a city full of them. In addition, having a family recipe be viciously torn to shreds by critics can be heartbreaking. High 5 Pie recently announced a "pievolution" on their blog claiming that they were going to call in outside consultants (namely, from the infamous Volunteer Park Cafe) to help re-work the crust recipe, and let me tell you, it is showing.Progress is being made, if even a bit slowly, but they are heading in the right direction. You'll find the texture of the crust is flakier now, if a bit greasier/oilier, and the flavour notes are much, much more pronounced in the fillings. I find the best experiences here are based on slices of full-sized pies, that have the best filling-to-crust ratio (oh and BTW, people accusing the staff of "stiffing" you when you order slices to-go, I saw the employee use a pre-portioned whole-pie slicer portion out my piece, so I think it's all in your head, cuz it looked evenly portioned to me!). I highly recommend the lavendar cream pie, which is rich and fluffy and just the right amount of sinful decadence. The cutie pies are still on the denser side, but they are better than they were a month ago. Savory pies have better flavour but more grease, so there's a trade-off to be had here.In general, if you had a negative experience at high 5 pie a few months back, I would encourage you to return and give them another shot. If you're skeptical, why not try to make it during their happy hours? At 50% off, it's not that bad of a gamble, and trust me, chances are you'll walk out feeling like you got the better end of the deal.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,5/4/2011,226,137,8,11,12>I finally found a piece of home here in the heart of Pioneer Square!! I have been hearing about this place from some time now through fellow yelpers and other friends. Being from Philly I tend to be a snob about how my cheesesteaks are made and prepared. Every one kept telling me this is one of the best and I have tried plenty in Seattle only to be left feeling disappointed and homesick. So, I decided today that I was going to stop by this little shop and get myself a cheesesteak to see if it lived up to the hype.I walked in but they weren't open yet I was soo hungry and determined that I got back into my car with my girlfriend and sat there waiting for the extra 20 mins until they did. I finally saw the open sign light up and out I rushed to order my Philly cheesesteak.I walked right in and this time I was welcome with open arms. Steve and Al are amazing and really took me back home to Philly where everyone is friendly and just like family. We reminisced about the neighborhoods we grew up in as I waited on my steak. I ordered the Philly with mozzerella and fried onions since they didn't have American cheese yet. The cheesesteak was made to perfection. Every single morsel of it. I was soo delighted that it was a chopped steak and finely chopped onion mixed in together because that is how my momma makes it back at home. The BREAD was the best and only something you can get from the Eastcoast. The brothers have it imported in which is a must because honestly the bread is what brings it home. You can't get rolls like that from here. I was super  impressed by the sandwich. It was packed with so much meat and all for only $8 bucks which is a great price for how much you get. I ate every last bite of it. The brother's are very friendly and deliver great customer service. They took care of everyone that walked in right away and carried on a conversation with me as well. They dubbed me the "Cheesesteak Snob" LOL I took it as a compliment seeing that I am harsh when it comes to anything Philly related. They even invited me and my girls back for some pizza next Friday night and I think I am going to take them up on that offer.Seriously, the best Philly Cheesesteak I had in a long time but definitely the best in Seattle. I am definitely going to come here more often just to get a taste of home.FYI: the hours on yelp are wrong. I would give them a call before heading that way just in case they aren't open.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,5/3/2011,472,197,7,16,13>This place is swanky, romantic, quiet, and has an amazing view of the sound. We are talking sunsets people, beautiful sunsets, and candlelight.What? You want more?The food:We ordered the salmon and the burger at Happy Hour. All menu items are 1/2 off during happy hour (4:30 - 6:30 pm). The salmon, although surprisingly small in its huge bowl sitting next to my man's burger, was quite tasty and filling, served with these root vegetables that were very unique and yummy on a cauliflower puree. The beef burger was gorgeous with a huge thick chunk of cheddar, tomatoes, lettuce and goat cheese vinaigrette and we got it with a substitute of truffle fries, like 1/2 lb of them. We finished them, but probably shouldn't have.All of this (no drink purchase required) was just $20 including tip! Holy cow. I'll visit again, that's for sure. The service was awesome, everyone was great just like the food.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/2/2011,386,409,21,16,13>Pizza is a lot like sex. When it's good, it's really good. When it's bad, it's still pretty good.Well Big Mario's New York Style Pizza is one of the best and really GOOD!!!! I got the all meat pizza, they were out of the potato topping one this night. The large pizza slices are piping warm and super fresh...makes you want to do an orgasm face after each bite. :-0 Great music and the coolest bartenders who can make great improv drinks. Great energy, trendy spot on Capital Hill, and cool people.Dam..doing this review makes me want to have some sex....ummm, I mean Big Mario's pizza!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,5/1/2011,42,59,18,14,15>I like you, Sun Liquor. You make me want to be a better person, drink classier beverages, and learn to talk like a lady. But I won't. So instead I'll keep dreaming big, ordering your delicious fresh squeezed Greyhounds, and swearing in front of small children.Your bathrooms are also really clean and I think that's wonderful.*I would somehow figure out how to give a 6th star if you had tasty snacks inside of your bar.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,4/30/2011,113,273,18,18,14>I love tacos. I know, I know, that sounds like a stupid thing to say. Who doesn't love tacos? You probably think you love tacos. But here's the thing - would you take a bullet for a taco? If there were one more taco in the world, and it came down to you and a starving child with giant pleading eyes, would you stomp on their dreams and eat that taco and wash your hands with their tears? Because I would. So as you can imagine, having Tacos Chukis SO CLOSE to my apartment is dangerous. $1.50 for a mound of perfectly charred carne asada chunks or delicious delicious pork adobada, topped with the perfect amount of cilantro and onions and salsa and PINEAPPLE? Jesus. I might as well sign over all future dinner rights to them effective immediately. As they're brand new, I haven't yet had the chance to sample the nopales or the other items on offer (mulitas, burritos, oh my god tortas get in my belly) but I'm confident every item will make its way into my maw probably within the week. Damn you, Tacos Chukis, for leading me into temptation.Side note - the map shows it in a totally wrong place, it's actually on the second floor of the 219 building (above Hana/Kimchi Bistro). Oh, and a credit card machine and beer are coming shortly. Yessss, beer.Edit: as of 4/1 I have now tried the torta and the mulitas. Both are impossibly delicious.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2010,4/29/2011,91,211,12,8,7>Caffeine makes me feel good about myself and that makes me write positive reviews. I ordered an Italian soda so that this review is totally unbiased.Location location location. Joe Bar is right across from Harvard Exit, in the shadow of a giant oak or maple or whatever (elm?), right next door to the stone Loveless building that sits there looking all cute and English, with high high windows overlooking the residential street. "Joe Bar" is a really horrible name for it by the way. It should be like "Synth Pop Suzanne's Creperie" or "Laid Back Louise's." I ordered a savory tomato, basil, and mozzarella crepe. I can't accurately grade crepes because I can't eat one slow enough. It is a member of the pancake family so it was stuffed in my mouth immediately.I love this scrawled note above the bus bin: "Please consider using a reusable metal utensil to stir your drinks instead of a single use plastic straw that will end up in a landfill or in the giant plastic swirl in our ocean contributing to the demise of wildlife and the environment"
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,4/27/2011,103,123,21,15,15>I do not know how to pronounce Honore.  I have a guess, but I'm not sure it's the right way.  I suppose I could ask, or I could call them and quickly hang up after the person on the other end says "Hello, thank you for calling Honore."  I could run a Harris Poll to see if other Seattleites have any idea how to pronounce it.  I could go next door to Delancey, wait 3 hours to speak to someone, then ask if they know how to pronounce their neighbor's name.While I figure this out, let me review the pastries.  I purchased two tarts and two croissants as my first set of treats.  These were my level setting pastries to see if the hype was real. My friends, I say to you today and in this moment.. do believe the hype.  It is real, and it has a name.  I just don't know how to pronounce it.The lemon tart was absolutely tan-fastic, but I could have used a little more lemon and zing.  I felt like the meringue was a little overbearing for the size of the tart.  I also felt like the ham & cheese croissant was lacking in ham, but still very light and airy.  Is fluffy an appropriate term for a croissant, because this thing was mad fluffy...I was inspired to finally go by Yelperino Rebecca S. who is apparently having a love affair with the macarons here (not macaroons, people...I know what your spell check is telling you, but that's wrong...macaroons are different).  I will try a gang of those the next time, because there will most definitely be a next time.Now I know if I'm crazy enough to ever want to wait for Delancey again, I can just go next door and gorge myself on delicious pastries.  I suppose the coffee is good too, but I have no idea.  I'm coming specifically for the treats because that's how I roll.Seriously, how do you pronounce Honore?  Don't make me learn some French up in here!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,4/26/2011,204,515,13,18,16>Dim Sum at Duk Li is cheap!Cheap and good!  This hole in the wall establishment is pretty tiny.  Too tiny for cart service if that's what your looking for.  You order off a check list (like sushi ordering).  The advantage being, what you get is ALWAYS fresh and it comes out bloody quick! Stuff I tried:Siu Mai ($2) 4 big and porky golf ball sized beauties.  Quite tasty.Chicken Feet ($2) You get 4 big ones.  what can I say, I like feet.Spare ribs (2$)Pork dumpling ($2) not great, not much pork, and I think bamboo shoot?Beef Rice roll ($2.25) A nice rendition, kind of turned inside out.  As you can see, the total damage for this meal was roughly $11 and I took home left overs.  Their baked buns were going for 60 cents!  are you kidding me! I was too full to partake but they looked pretty fabulous (next time my friends, next time).I like this place for an option if you are eating alone or in a small group (2 or 3).  Places like Jade Garden and Harbor City can get really crowded so if you are okay not having the cart service experience you should come here~!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,4/25/2011,386,1001,11,17,14>Man, it seems like every passing month in South Snohomish County makes me gladder and gladder I moved up here. Even after almost four years, the delectable cheap grub seems like an inexhaustible civic trust, especially in Lynnwood. When you think about rents being so cheap up here, that makes sense, but cheap grub in Seattle gets by far the bigger rep (or at least it did with me) because so many young, carless people live in apartments near the cheap grub in town. And they get the word out. I was one of them, once. But now I'll take what Lynnwood has to offer at this point, though--even though everything isn't quite all in one place as much as it is downtown. So maybe things are a little harder to get to up here. Yeh Yeh's is only the latest example. After two visits in five days, I am hooked already.It's all about the banh mi. At least for me. At least so far.First off the baguettes are frickin amazing. You look like a total bum halfway through your sandwich. They're so incredibly light and crackly and crusty, they just disintegrate. At least on the outside. On the inside, they're insanely chewy. We should all be able to get bread like this anytime we want, everywhere.Second of all, the ingredients are always good. Rich, flavorful, harmoniously balanced, fresh and bright. Absolutely perfect sandwiches. Yeah, I have only had two at this point, but I am taking this one right out on that limb.It's dirt cheap, too. Three bucks a sammy. Unreal. They are not the fastest place in town, but you don't get the sense they are dawdling at all. You get your wax-wrapped, plastic basket sandwich in under ten minutes. It's totally unpretentious--plenty of staff on hand, but it's all vinyl and linoleum and fluorescent tubes. No extra cash at all blown on ambiance. Just ingredients and staff, the way it should be. I love this place already and will be a lifelong regular as long as they serve these sandwiches.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2009,11/7/2009,113,214,6,15,10>The legendary Burien institution Fil's has re-opened for business at a newer, more accessible location on 152nd, in the new Burien! Fil's has been around since the 70s, and luckily the chef and the food hasn't changed one bit from what was at their old location.I went to the soft opening, which was more of a gathering of all the regulars. The drinks were mixed well and antipasti and pizza from the new gas/brick oven. I returned on a Thursday evening after after a few glasses of wine across the street at Vino Bella. It was crowded, but we found a table immediately in the bar. They have good selection of Washington and Italian wine available by the glass or carafe. A fine bottle selection as well, but i did not get a bottle this time.For an entree, I had a dish (can't remember the name) that was a flat chicken, marinara, capers, and bell peppers. The flavors blended perfectly. It also came with a small side of penne and marinara. It was a perfect amount of food. One thing to remember, and this is important, is that your dinner will take a WHILE to arrive. This is NORMAL and it meant to replicate the laid back life style of Italian comfort food cooking. Fil's is definitely worth the trip out to Burien to check out.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2009,11/6/2009,37,230,13,15,14>Headed here to finish out the night for drinks with some of the band members and the group I was with.This bar definitely has character!!Why you ask??  -Bartenders with white blonde hair and blue streaks who definitely know what they're doing to get people served quickly.-Flavorful patrons that vary from people in suits to people with dreadlocks.-Unique mix of furnishings.-No updates to the interior and it shows (luv it).-Huge woman's bathroom that serves only one, that you have to lock the second you walk in, then walk up a ramp that leads you to go around a corner to the single toilet... -Free peanuts that are not just sitting out on the table so you don't have to worry about other's hands.All of this makes for one comfortable, yet unique place for most anyone to go have a drink.Beer selection might not be the best, but I'll definitely be back to wind down, chill & relax.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,11/4/2009,118,88,9,15,11>Though related to Georgia's in Greenwood, Plaka has a much different look, feel and taste.And I like it!!! Living just a few blocks away, it was only a matter of time before the siren-song promise of Mediterranean food drew me to Plaka.  We arrived fashionably late on a busy Friday, and our waiter and owner lamented the fact that he wasn't able to just "hang out" with us - sounds like he enjoys socializing just as much as serving up some amazing Greek specialties.Now you may be thinking their menu boasts the "usual suspects" - gyros, moussaka, souvlaki, etc.etc.  I'm not saying you won't see any of these dishes, but they definitely focus on a distinctively different repertoire of  Greek "Tavern" food.For instance, the fried smelt - totally unique and totally delicious.  Apparently if you are a true Greek, you eat them with the heads on!  Thankfully they remove the head, for those of us who don't like to see eye to eye with what they may be ingesting shortly.  We followed up with the beet salad - a marvelous combination of beets, vinegar and beet greens and the pork souvlaki.  I know, I know... old habits are hard to break!  They were delicious.  But next time, their pasta dishes they bake in the oven with a fluffy blanket of cheese is going in my stomach.I also loved the fact that this establishment is a family affair.  Georgia herself said hello and was sitting right behind us - in obvious approval of her son's handiwork.  Everyone here was friendly and as we sat at the bar and drooled over every dish they created - it was obvious the pride that went into their preparations.  I am hugely appreciative of food that is not hurriedly thrown together, even while busy.  Bravo! Needless to say, I will be back to enjoy the fruits of this friendly and fabulous Mediterranean haunt.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2009,11/3/2009,325,469,16,17,14>They sell my favorite drink for $6.  SIX DOLLARS!  Six dollars I tell you.  And it's not any drink... it's Vanilla Stoli, Hypnotiq and Sprite.  AND they make it in a pint class.  I kid you not.  For $6.  This drink is usually priced at about $8-10 and always comes in one of those baby glasses.  I was so, so relieved to find out how cheap these drinks were here.  It meant I could order a lot of them.  And I always like ordering a lot of things.  Aywho, besides the awesome beverage they made me, the service was pretty friendly.  The bartender was fast and the cocktail waitress provided attentive service and was quite approachable.  And while the atmosphere wasn't what I normally look for in a bar, it was a relaxed atmosphere and offered everything (darts, pool, karaoke, video games and such).  I had a pleasant time here and 5 drinks, 2 shots and tax & tip later I left with a $40 something tab.  Not too shabby.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,11/2/2009,92,228,10,8,12>We probably would have walked right by Bluebird had there not been a lovely lady and gent standing on the sidewalk across from them offering "free ice cream samples".  The college kid in me screamed "OH MY GOD IT'S FREE SAMPLES!" so I indulged her (you have to every now and then) and took them up on the offer - I tried the stout ice cream and the boy tried the maple hickory ice cream.We stopped.  We looked at each other.  We turned around to see the storefront.  We looked at each other again.  And we headed straight for the door.Oh my God, it was creamy and good and sweet without being overly sweet and flavorful and SO GOOD.  SO DAMN GOOD!  We opted to split two scoops - one of the snickerdoodle and one of the chocolate pudding.  We sat at a table and read on a little sign on the wall about how the wood that made up the counters and tables and such had been reused from various places, including an old high school gym or something.  I love the spirit of recycling stuff like that (see also, Peaks Custard) and so this endeared them to me even more.There's a huge stack of board games to play (OPERATION!) and the coffee bar area where the cream and sugar is was a piano once.  The art on the wall currently is a series of birds in bright colors.Oh MAN, this place is awesome and the chocolate pudding ice cream was SO good!  So was the snickerdoodle, but I mean, really, chocolate PUDDING y'all.I've noted a few people saying that it was kind of empty...it was actually pretty hoppin' when we went on a crisp, lovely Saturday afternoon.  As it should be...so here's to hoping.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,11/1/2009,390,547,7,9,7>"I've got some news for you, you've already eaten the tongue"I'll get back to that in a second. First, I had a fantastic meal at Cafe Presse last night. My wife had been there a couple of times and said that I, lover of french cuisine, had to go. So, finally, the occasion presented itself and we headed over to Cafe Presse for dinner on a Sunday night. Perhaps owing to the fact that we got there at 5:30 we had no problem finding a table (in the back, which I didn't even know existed).  I can imagine it would totally suck to wait for a table in the tiny front area if the bar was already full, but after eating here, it might even be worth the wait.To start with we shared a charcuterie of mixed meats, which included a couple of pates. The cinammon-spiced pork pate (sounds odd, but was good) we liked, the other, was both bland and oddly textured - so we left it on the plate (more on that at the end of the review). We also got a couple of really yummy soft cheeses to go along with it. The pichet of wine was the perfect size for wine lovers not trying to get stinking drunk and there were at least a few reasonably priced options (as restaurant wine prices go).For the main course we shared a breaded rockfish, which was perfectly cooked, and served in a white wine sauce swirled with green lentils, bacon (!), cabbage & mushrooms.  When I saw it on the menu I thought all the accoutrements sounded great, and the dish did not disappoint. One of the best fish-based meals I've had in a long time, and definitely big enough to share if you add an appetizer and/or a salad. Back to the tongue - towards the end of the meal the waitress asked how everything was. We indicated it was all great, but we didn't like the tongue-pate. At which point she pointed out that pate was chicken, and we'd eaten the sliced tongue already. So we were more adventurous than we thought - next up, head cheese! (kidding).The waitress also mentioned the menu would be changing starting the next day (which would be the day I'm writing this review) - so I'll definitely plan to go back soon and sample something else.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,10/31/2009,46,64,14,19,15>TRUFFLE FRIES. $6. NOM NOM NOM. There. That essential part out of the way, we can get down to the more review-y part of the review. Ventana is the latest entry in the clusterfuck of good restaurants at 1st and Battery. They slipped into their space almost unnoticed - no press, no big hurrah. Which is kind of a shame, because the space is awesome. Huge, big windows overlooking the water will make this one of the best places in the city to watch the sunset. Decor is modern and sleek, though I wonder if all those flat surfaces might make it pretty noisy when crowded. Interestingly, to distinguish their New American cuisine against others in the area, Ventana's menu is downright adventurous. I mean, sure, all New American cuisine is going to have a token "adventurous" item. But Ventana has more than their fair share: Braised octopus. Beef tongue raviolo. Oxtail. Bone marrow gratin. I mean, really? It's not a huge menu, so having that many items that the general public is probably unfamiliar with is fascinating to me. It doesn't hurt that the prices here are pretty great, which I guess is an advantage of working with less in-demand pieces of meat. I think the boyfriend and I were both pretty pleased with what we ordered, though I was more adventurous and better rewarded than he was. I had the oxtail with sunchoke puree and chard, and it was pretty great. His steak was ordered medium-rare, but came out medium - he said it was still tasty, but if you're picky about stuff like that, it can be a problem. I should note too that service was a bit odd. Their meals are designed to be shared, so they brought out individual plates and then brought out our beautifully plated entrees... which we couldn't really enjoy the visual appeal of, because they sat on the table next to us while we had to re-plat our food. Odd. Plus, forks and knives aren't really the best for re-plating food with... Maybe this is something they'll change in the coming weeks, though? Anyway. Dessert is almost, though not quite as interesting as the main menu. Sorry, I'm not all that impressed by another hot chocolate cake. The bread pudding with pear and maple syrup was one of the best I've ever had, though. Service was awesome. Again, it wasn't all that crowded, so that certainly helped, but our waitress had excellent suggestions on the menu and was able to answer our other questions about the restaurant and their plans. Very friendly, too. I can totally see myself becoming a bit of a regular here, at the very least because I'm so curious about the odder things on the menu. And again, the price point is pretty low for the presentation and preparation, so my few quibbles are easily forgiven for what they trying mostly successfully to accomplish. Oh, and the truffle fries are made of awesome.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,10/29/2009,718,1048,13,18,13>Lovely* wine shop, lovely** prices, lovely*** people.* Cute and cozy and filled with wonderful looking things!** At least some is affordable AND it seems like good quality. (I can only really speak for the wine from Elemental Importers. Mmmm!) *** Friendly and pleasant personalities.I walked out with a delicious Gozzo Malbec (and it only cost $12)!Oh, and I love wine tastings... especially the free kind.Guess I'll be finding myself here again on some future Thursdays (between 6 & 8pm)...
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,10/27/2009,316,105,11,18,16>Coming here on a gray, rainy day is more rewarding than taking vitamin D pills, has fewer side effects than antidepressants, is safer than using tanning beds, and is much cheaper than a tropical vacation.  For only the cost of a donation and a trip to Volunteer Park, I was transported to the rainforest, a lush tropical garden complete with a fountain, then the desert, without ever leaving the greenhouse.  You can feel the temperature and humidity change as you wander through the various sections of the conservatory.  I suggest that you find the "climate" that appeals most to you, sit on one of the benches, close your eyes and breathe.  One rainy day last week I came here on my lunch break.  I have a feeling I'm going to appreciate this place even more come November.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,10/26/2009,117,196,15,12,14>It probably says something about me that this place makes me want to start making terrible double entendres about putting big sausages filled with cream cheese in my mouth. o.OUhm, ANYWAY - Sure, there are lots of places to get hot dogs from a cart late at night. But there's something spicily delish about Dante's. Maybe it's the warm buns, the fresh condiments and toppings, or the hot, juicy meat. I think it's the smile, the friendly banter, and how everything is right with the world when you're in line. No drama, no BS, just everyone shutting the hell up and cramming the goodness down.Great for a late night snack. The price includes entertainment of standing in line people watching, and the Inferno Dog is +10 Sober.Full of win all around, I'd say!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2007,2/16/2007,188,480,14,9,8>Oh.My.God.I had a doctor's appointment the other day in Wallingford, and, frankly, was feeling a little, how should I say, pukey, which was unrelated to my Dr's appointment. Anywayyyy, I made a special stop on my way back because I had never had a Mighty-O Donut before.I barely remember even going in there but eating my plain chocolate cake donut in the car on the way home was a divine experience. Sublime. It wasn't super chocolatey, just perfectly essence-of-chocolatey. And, really, the perfect antidote to pukiness. I brought Chris a French Toast one but didn't tell him what it was. He thought it was Coffee Cake flavored. Close enough. The apple was also terrific as was the plain cake. Plain or frosted, they're DELICIOUS!(and PS, no I'm not pregnant just in case you thought that's where this was leading)
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2007,2/14/2007,278,486,6,8,6>I've driven past the Seattle Crab Co. many times on my Northgate travels, but had never really given it serious thought until my Visiting Friend from out of town pointed it out.  He was having a Weekend of Crab and really felt that this restaurant would provide him the authentic Pacific Northwest crab experience he was craving.  I was recovering from a stomach bug and was alarmed by the mere thought of food, so I indulged his crab whim.The first thing that hit me when we walked in was the overpowering stench of greasy fried fish, which almost made me barf then and there.  I guess if you like batter-fried fish, it's not a bad thing, but my stomach was in no condition for that kind of assault.  However, the place was otherwise clean and cheerfully/pseudo-nautically decorated, with an open kitchen (which I think is always a good sign).The lunch menu features sandwiches and fried fish combos ranging from $8-12, with dinner ranging from $15-20.  I had the soup/salad/bread combo ($8.29), and upgraded to crab bisque for a small charge.  The Caesar salad was huge and excellent, with a good homemade-tasting dressing, and the bisque was rich and very creamy, though I was in no state to appreciate it.  I was more interested in the loaf of sourdough bread that our waitress plunked down when we sat, which was crispy and fluffy in all the right places.  My Visiting Friend had the cod sandwich combo and was quite pleased with it (he traded in his two sides for the crab bisque).The service was remarkable here - our waitress was friendly, super-attentive and helpful, without seeming like she was schmoozing for tips.  She checked on us frequently and got whatever we asked for without needing to be reminded.  Amazing.I wish I'd been feeling better, so I could have done justice to my soup and salad, but I really liked what I did eat, and Visiting Friend had no complaints.  For a reasonably priced, friendly neighborhood restaurant with pretty tasty seafood, the Seattle Crab Co. is just about perfect.  9 out of 10 Visiting Friends agree!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,2/13/2007,21,81,9,10,4>The instant that Rebecca tore away the first patch of hair with folicles deeply rooted in my body, I knew I would forever have her in my memory.  This one's for you Rebecca, you are kind, gentle and able to hold a conversation. Here's to our new relationship BFF.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,2/12/2007,17,0,8,3,8>Where do you go for reconciliation dinner in Seattle? When you're on your third make-up/break-up of the new year? When you haven't been eating at normal times and your booze consumption has increased 20-fold?You go to Matador! That's where you should go, anyway. Matador is perfect for those days where you moped around at work and didn't eat anything. And then the second you got home you jumped into some gin and a sassy little outfit. I was hungry and a bit buzzed when we arrived. A lethal combination at many eating establishments. Not here though because they chip and salsa you the moment you walk in the door. I had a huge glass of red wine and a giant steak. The steak came with garlic mashed potatoes with pieces of the skin smammered in there. And you know that's just about my favorite thing.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2007,2/11/2007,1574,1166,26,16,19>Where in the hell am I? On a recent sunny clear day I went to Discovery Park to clear my head and ponder life, little did I know I would get lost despite my best efforts to stay on the trail. Sure, sure, laugh at me all you want, I got lost in a park in the middle of the city, but it's confusing! Along the way I encountered:A Quaint Lighthouse    - Is this just for looks?A Waste Water Treatment Facility    - It kind of smelled but wasn't the worst thing in the world. A Military Base    - Seriously? What is this doing in Magnolia?The Military Base Commissary    - Why can't I just buy a drink here? I'll pay full price, I'm lost in the wilderness, won't you just give me  a drink???A Soda Machine    - Whoohooo Minute Maid lemonade! Not even the military can stop me from buying fake juice!A Porta Potty    - It was locked but I had to go real bad, and who knew when I would see civilization again?A Park Facility Bathroom    - Uhhh there was probably stuff lurking in there, and no one was around to hear me scream,  so I ran in and ran out as fast as possible!The Indian Cultural Center    - Not sure what you can do or see here but it looked interesting, and it had a totem pole. A Flag Pavilion/Field/Amphitheater    - Kind of reminded me of summer camp.Blackberries    - Yummy! Food! I haven't eaten in a few hours and there's no one around to see me gobbling down the berries. The Best View    - Mt Rainer on a clear day, the water, a glimpse of the city. The reason I live in Seattle. Get lost.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2006,2/10/2007,44,78,9,9,7>Every time I eat at Falafel King, I feel as if they should give me a crown and a sash that says 'Falafel Queen' on it, just so I can prance around downtown and promote their fine falafel.  But then I remember that my extreme garlic breath will do that for me.  I prefer to get the plates here as opposed to the sandwiches...that way I can decide how much tahini I want on my chicken sha war ma.  The plates come out to only about 6 bucks, and you can get a hefty sized combo plate for around 7 bucks.  The plates include a little salad (usually drenched in dressing), a dollop of tahini, rice, your item of choice and red onions.  As usual, I succumbed to the combo plate last time and tried to eat it all.  It didn't happen, but at least I got both falafel and chicken sha war ma in my belly.There isn't much seating in this little spot, especially when it's rainy outside.  In the fairer of months they have a few tables and chairs outside, but when the eternal wetness arrives, you get to park it inside on one of 2 stools.  And, the added bonus: the fine view of the Showgirls marquee to light your way-it makes a good reference point if you're giving directions to Falafel King.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2006,2/9/2007,26,13,17,11,10>The following was found, by an amazing person(Me), who knew it needed to be shared with the World.Report: 2.DRNK.N.STRVG.12.b.9Officer Involved: Ian 'That Damn Bastard' Smith(actual name changed...just for fun)Date: 12/5/06 - FridayTime:  9pm-ishSuspects Involved: 3Status:  Drunk-adoodle-doo!Suspects 1-3 began the night at another fine proprietor of liquid libations(see report 1.GT.N.DRNK.23.a.3) and made a small detour to Suspect 1's Apartment in Belltown.  All three suspects realized they were alarmingly hungry and well past the point of sobriety and came to a concensus that both of these should be remedied.  Suspects 1 and 3 had no more focus than a pair of Granny's reading glasses (the kind that don't focus real good) and cared not where they were lead, so long as it contained some sort of trough, at the very least, filled with food.Suspect 2 was the Mastermind.  She knew all, saw all, and had the Plan.  The Plan, in essence, was to go find and eat some "DAMN FINE MEXICAN".  Officer Smith assumes she meant Mexican Food rather than an attractive Latino/Latina.  Officer Smith is a friend to all colors, sisters and brothers.[Editor's note: We have been unable to locate Officer Smith so we can tell him what a wonderful person he is]Eyewitnesses report seeing all 3 suspects enter Mama's Mexican Kitchen around between 21:00 and 21:15 hours and that Suspect 1 put his name down on the waiting list.  All witnesses confirm that the trio of terminally terrible troublemakers only had to wait 5 minutes before being seated, which pretty fucking incredible..in Belltown...on a Friday night...Officer Smith is jealous...and a little sadAll three suspects ordered Margerita's.  Suspect 1 and 2 both had excellent Strawberry Margerita, while Suspect 3's Margerita on the rocks was severely watered down.  Officer Smith fucking hates that.  Suspects were happily drinking said beverages, witnesses say, when a nice young waitress came to take their order.  Both Suspects 1 and 2 ordered the Steak and Eggs(Officer Smith thinks these two might have some sort of mind meld going on) and Suspect 3 ordered a shrimpy type dish.  The poor waitress who served the food had to watch in horror as at least one of the suspects blithely ignored her warning of 'Hot Plate' and subsequently burned his fingers[Medical Examiners Note: Burns were superficial at most...Suspect 1 was probably just a big pussy].  The waitress did note that all three suspects inexplicably became very focused on eating and finally 'shut the hell up for a few goddamn minutes'.  Witnesses state that Suspects 1 and 2 would intermittently moan or gasp at the "righteous deliciousness" of their Steak and Eggs and that Suspect 3 greeted each perfectly grilled shrimp with a grin and mumbled something like "Shrimp get eated now, NumNumNum' each time she bit into one of them.Suspects then paid their tab and left.  Officer Smith was, tragically, too late to catch any of the suspects in the act of enjoying the meal.  He was able to follow the trail back to an Apartment where he found the prone body of Suspect 1 slowly losing conciousness.  Suspect 1 had these last words to say, "I would have given them five stars....but...the cashier was kind of a dick."  Suspect then became unresponsive and Officer Smith left the apartment after taking a look around.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2007,2/8/2007,59,99,16,10,13>Oh, Tom Douglas, how I want to hate you. With your grizzly bear build and unruly crop of hair, you're the Dale Chihuly of the Seattle culinary world. And, lord knows I have an ax to grind with Chihuly ...ever since he sat in front of me in the theater while watching Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and blocked my view, the bastard!And what's up with putting all sixteen of your restaurants on the same block? I mean, really?But, while I try as hard as I can get mad at you, I just can't. Lola's a favorite restaurant of mine. And, the Palace Kitchen has served me a solid hamburger. Hell, I even cheered for you on Iron Chef America!All this brings me to the Dahlia Lounge.Last weekend, my wife, her brother and I treated ourselves to dinner at the Dahlia Lounge, thanks to some gift certificates she received though work. And "treat" is a fair word to use.The bread salad was excellent. My jerk spiced pork loin was one of the best pieces of pork I've ever had. And, my wife and her brother's dishes (the duck and salmon respectively) both seemed excellent too.But, here's the thing... when we arrived without reservations, we were seated near the entrance. And it was cold outside. Frigid. So, we complained to the waitress. But, while there weren't any other seats available, they literally drug our table away from the door way, and out of the draft....and then they gave us free tea to warm up....and then, after dinner, they gave us free dessert!They didn't even ask! They just walked up, and plopped the dessert down on our table. Three different desserts!So, thanks to that, it makes it nearly impossible to complain about the Dahlia Lounge. I was all ready to grouse about how expensive it was. Or how the menu lacked cohesion. But, the reality was, the food was great. The service was excellent. Free tea! Free dessert! And, with our gift certificates, dinner wasn't even that expensive.So, Mr. Douglas you win again! I still can't hate you....but, I still need to try Serious Pie! Maybe I can complain about that!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2007,2/7/2007,12,31,9,9,6>APPLE CINNEMON PIROSHKY!!! APPLE CINNEMON PIROSHKY!!!LOVE LOVE LOVEYUM YUM YUMAhem.So, like I was saying, if you are in the market, whether you have eaten or not, stop by.  Grab a Piroshky.  If you have not eaten, get a Potatoe and Cheese one for now and an Apple Cinnemon for later.If you have eaten, get a Potatoe and Chesses one for later and an Apple Cinnemon one for now (dessert).If you are full, get a Potatoe and Chesse one for later and a Apple Cinnemon one for later.:)
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2007,2/6/2007,615,688,2,11,10>A great opening weekend for a beautiful new addition to the Seattle Park system.  We went over with a bunch of people to enjoy the sunny Saturday and all the festivities.  It was totally worth it to brave the crowds.Ice sculptures, live music, and tons of volunteers willing to talk about the exhibits.  The fire boats were even out spewing water.  Though there is still a lot of work to do to finish up the park, what is there is very beautiful.  And it easily blends right into the already existing Elliott Bay Park, one of my favorites for it's roller blading trail.  Looks like there are lots of things for kids to enjoy in the building.  And once the plants and trees take foot the area will be really lovely.  But please Seattle-lites use the trails.  Crushing all the newly planted plants is just rude.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,5/30/2007,43,100,9,10,11>Crow's (yelp.com/biz/EjVi5qvVN-D…) little sister Betty is all grown up and lookin' fine. She's serving up the same simple Northwest bistro cuisine as her moody big brother, but with a lighter style and elegance that will find a nice niche on the hill.  She's slapped some makeup on that old Gorditos space, segmented out a dining bar, drinking bar, and tables, and created an open space that should have been far louder than it was.  Where Crow used brute force to subdue its chicken, Betty simply charms her morels right into it.  And what big juicy morels she's got, howdy!  The steak & frites couldn't have been tastier, perfectly fried and just right to soak up all that steak juice.  A trio of crustini to start found a couple of fans at our table. These chefs have mastered the art of combining very few ingredients to create subtle, layered flavors both at the sadistic Crow, and the flirty Betty.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,5/29/2007,313,498,7,13,8>I had not ever heard of Gay Bingo and was lucky enough to get a last minute call to join the Rat City Rollergirls table. Tres cool!For those not in the know Gay Bingo is, Seattle's wildest and wackiest fundraiser, hosted by 7'2" drag queen extraordinaire GLAMAZONIA, with assistance from Miss Intermission and the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence, Gay Bingo is a wild night of cash prizes, costumes and music --- all while playing bingo! (Stolen from Mitzie H.who stole from their website ----thanks Mitzie!)First of all, I'm all about the food:They offered an assortment of food which was a good thing since me and my friend did not have dinner. I had the pulled pork sandwich which was a generous portion on toasty buns with Lay's chips and a big pickle... All this for $5.  All the proceeds are donated to the Lifelong AIDS Alliance.  The food court also offered hotdogs, popcorn, warm cookies, other savory snacks...Oh! and booze! I almost forgot that. They served wine, cocktails and an assortment of beers.  No bitchin over food or booze, there were plenty offered.May's theme was "Come as your Mother."  There were some wacky costumes, but all were in good fun, complete with tributes to the Stepford Wife, pantsuit, plaid, big hair, highball glasses, granny glasses, etc...The Bingo was fun and entertaining. This is not for a serious bingo player, although there are some great cash and prizes for the winners. This is a fundraiser after all.  We were very lucky and had two winning Bingos at our table.  These events (Jan thought June)  sell out every year and are already sold out for their June event.  I'm definitely getting tickets for next year. So much fun and for a great cause!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,5/28/2007,54,26,3,11,6>I'm no expert when it comes to Korean food.  My previous experiences with kimchi have unfortunately been limited to grocery store, prepackaged slop that tastes like rotten cabbage mixed with 7-up, garlic and sock.  Yum!  So needless to say I was hesitant to try Korean food in it's full, hand prepared glory.  But, hey!  Friends swore up and down that I'd love this place and I'll try anything twice....Thank god I did!  I'm thoroughly addicted to Kimchi Bistro's food.  I think about it at night.  Even the kimchi!  Everything I've ordered here has been beautifully prepared, spiced to perfection and served by genuinely friendly people who appreciate your business.  If you're hungry, try the dohl sot.  It's loaded with veggies, rice and beef, with a sizzling egg cracked over it!  Freakin' dream come true for an empty stomach.The best part has to be the side dishes.  Five or six delicious little appetizers to try while you wait for your food, and when you're done, they bring you more.  What's not to love?Bring your friends to this cute, cozy little slice of heaven.  You won't regret it!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2007,5/26/2007,264,858,6,5,2>Update 11/07: I realize I should mess with a ROTD masterpiece but I thought I'd drop a little side note about parking, we've been really lucky finding spots under the theater near the elevators!  Just a FYI...End update....HELLLOOO!!!  Man, this place is BIG!!!  I swear it has a freaking echo in the lobby that can be heard during the busiest of times!!We've been several times and just for those amazing stadium seats, that alone is worth the visit to the freaking mall!!Parking can be a bit of the a pain, I mean COME ON, who in their right  mind would build a 16-plex and place it right next to the busy food court!!  Think people!  Do you really think putting in a lame 3 decker parking garage across the way is going to be enough!?!?  Fine, I'll get off my soapbox now...Screens, sound systems, seating, AND being able to put your own grossly gratuitous amount of butter/oily goo on your popcorn is well worth the price!  Oh, and don't forget to check your movie ticket for which theater you are going to, they are numbered but it depends on which side of the house you'll be headed to, and if your time is short before the start of the movie those spare few minutes running to the other side of the football field sized lobby can add up!Just like the Terminator, we'll be back....
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2007,5/25/2007,35,38,8,6,11>You know how you don't eat carbs - EVER  - and oneday you decide that you deserve a bag of your favorite chips - the ones you haven't had in like FOREVER - so you buy a small bag and you open them and you look inside and there's maybe 4 or 5 whole ones and the rest are all broken - and you're SO bummed cause the whole sense of indulgence has been ruined.Well, that's my experience here.  Hubby and I took an out-of-town guest here to try out the barleywine fest and enjoy a good steak & frites!  In all my time in Fremont, I had never made it over here.  I have to say, I really like the space.  They did a great job.  I love the mix of textures of the different materials - steel, rock, wood, etc.Service was fine.  Our server wasn't too smooth in describing the special, but made up for it in helping us with our barleywine selections.  Which, were quite tasty.  We sampled 6, out of about 49 offered!  The taste ranges were huge.  Although I liked a couple of them, I don't know if I could drink more than 3 oz. of one.  Really rich!So, the sad part.  I ordered the top sirloin w/ frites.   I knew, from past reviews, that Brouwer's had issues with their frites, but supposedly had perfected them.  Not evident this visit.  While the flavor was good - they were limp, lukewarm,  and most of them were broken, little pieces.  It was so disappointing.  I know it might seem overly picky of me to focus on french fries - but they are pretty fundamental to a Belgian menu.  It's obvious that Brouwer's has given great consideration to their concept:  the ales, beers, decor, menu, traditional mayo dips for the frites - so why not carry it through to serving perfect frites everytime.  I'm just sayin'...I'll definitely go back, it's a great spot - I'll probably just keep my rare carb intake to the amazing beers!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/8/2007,5/24/2007,510,384,9,6,6>I can't believe I haven't written a review of Peso's yet. This place is essential an institution for single people in Seattle; unfortunately that's not a compliment. The best quote I've heard of late regarding Peso's came from my roommate last night "it's a total sword fight in here".I'm going to create a list called "where to find single guys" and sell it to the single girls in Seattle. Peso's and Amber will certainly be near the top. It's always amazing to me when some of my girl friends say they can't find single guys in Seattle...just go here and I'm sure you'll go six for six (six date requests in six hours).The food is amazing at Peso's and that's the main reason I'm giving it three stars otherwise it'd be lower down the totem pole of my reviews. I highly recommend the Carne Asada.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2007,5/23/2007,601,289,13,6,5>Their happy hour makes me happyService.  Not only is it a term that prostitutes use but a word that we use when it comes to the quality of an attendant.  Let me tell you, ruth's chris service is great.  their happy hour prices even better.  i like any place where their wine is 2.75 a glass and their 1/2pound burger is 2.50.  it's like the mcdonald dollar menu-esq place of the upscale eastside restaurant.  as for the ambiance:When you walk in, there's this HUGE lobster tank full of delicious looking lobsters.  Although a part of me wants to break the tank and let the lobsters crawl free, the logical part me says that the ocean is far away and that they will be better suited if they were in my stomach and then i can flush them back to the ocean.  Albeit in pieces. (sorry if that grossed you out)When I had dinner there, i thought that their steak was mediocre nothing to cry about.  i think that lawry's in Los Angeles or my famous Brazilian steak is about 6.7 times better than what they serve.  BUT their creamed spinach is to die for.  Pierce Brosnan in James Bond to Die for (makes you want to die another die).
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,5/22/2007,151,143,6,18,12>The Polish Home is a rare gem offering inexpensive tasty meals, strong beer, and a warm and friendly atmosphere where guests can immerse themselves in a bit of Polish culture.  Nestled in a quiet residential area of Capitol Hill, the Polish Home is open on Friday evenings from 7:00 PM until the last guest leaves, and also on Sundays for brunch from 1:00 to 4:00 PM.    A group of us checked it out a few weeks ago and had a great time.  The menu offers a surprisingly large selection of traditional home-cooked meals, which include pierogies (meat, potato, and vegetable), sausages, and an enormous breaded pork cutlet (among others).  The dinners are served with potatoes and cabbage.  At the bar, you can choose from an assortment of Polish beers (mostly strong lagers) and a handful of liquors dominated by vodka (of course).  For non-members, there is a $1 admission fee, but it was well worth it considering the dinners ranged from about $6 to $10, and the pint bottles of beer were about $3.  Did I mention that the beer was strong?
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2007,5/21/2007,33,32,8,9,4>Umi God!  Not bad atal.  Umi boasts one of Seattle's BEST and LONGEST happy hours, that's very clear.  But when I went there last night to partake, the bar was all full, so I had to settle for higher prices and more class in the dining area.I wasn't as disappointed as I thought I might be - the food is great, even off the happy hour menu!  Each item they brought out seemed like a work of art, beautifully laid out and extremely tasty!I recommend the Crispy Prawns, Yakisoba or any of their diverse Sushi options.  Its all solid! Also, here's a tip:  the bathrooms are in the hidden wall door near the entrance.  Its like being in Ricky Schroeder's Silver Spoons house or something.And if you get in before 8pm (which shouldn't be hard) - get a bar seat and take advantage of all the steals!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2007,5/20/2007,507,655,19,6,11>When I'm feeling dirty and low, I go to Aurora to get my fix.Whores? Nah.Crack? Nope.Porn? Oh, no thanks.B-to-the-Master, y'all!If I had dark tinted windows, it would be that much better. I roll up, order my greasy goodness and shake, eat it in my car and roll out. So anonymous and so dirty.Make sure to pay cash and destroy all evidence of the trip.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,3/31/2013,713,559,13,21,17>If you don't like Wasabi Bistro, then there's seriously something wrong with you.The menu is packed full of great items including a long list of sushi rolls, sashimi, Asian inspired appetizers, and awesome small plates which are real cheap during happy hour. They even have several vegetarian and gluten free options available for those that need or want them. My personal favorite items include the Crispy Miso Chicken small plate, the Spicy Crab Roll, and the Inglorious Basterd roll which you just have to try to believe.The atmosphere at Wasabi is modern and leaning towards fancy without being pretentious or overbearing. Every time I walk in, I always feel welcome and everyone seems like they are having a good time while enjoying the great food and upbeat atmosphere. You can really tell that both the management and the staff really care about making sure their guests are treated well every time they come in.Wasabi is located in the heart of the Belltown bar scene and is one of the best happy hour destinations around. Afternoon happy hour goes from 4:00pm to 6:00pm then the late night specials kick in at either 10:00pm or 11:00pm depending on the night of the week. If you are here for happy hour, make sure you take advantage of the three items for $14.00 special as its easily the best value.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,3/30/2013,131,218,5,9,8>I came here for one thing and one thing only: the caneles. Honore is one of the very few bakeries in Seattle that makes them.  If you've never had one, you absolutely have to try. They're a custardy piece of heaven.  And let me tell you, the caneles here are delicious. They will definitely satisfy your cravings. They're perfect served alongside a hot tea on a rainy Seattle afternoon.  Were they the best caneles I've ever had? No. The crust wasn't as crispy as it should be, and they just didn't look as pretty as say, the caneles at Ken's Artisan Bakery in Portland. But hey, these lovely little bites aren't easy to make...they're incredibly fickle and easy to mess up. So I will happily come back to Honore to indulge in one of my most favorite desserts. And next time, I'll try the macarons as well.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,3/29/2013,232,382,8,10,9>Informed that 6 Arms has a late night Happy Hour, we stopped in for a very late dinner at very affordable prices.6 Arms didn't disappoint!  Their late HH goes from 10-close everyday...very nice.  The Happy Hour menu is small but there are vegetarian, carnivorous and snack-type foods on it.  It goes without saying that the beer selection is great and I can vouch for the porter.  The atmosphere is also pretty nice with huge windows and a loft area, and they have lots of 2 top tables on the main floor...very nice for meeting someone for a chat.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,3/28/2013,236,337,19,18,18>OH EM GEE. HUGE PORTIONS!!!!I love large portions more than anyone and "Foodie" could be my middle name but the portion of spicy chicken teriyaki today was just over the top! They asked me how spicy I wanted it and I asked how spicy they could make it: 1-5. I went with a 4 to be safe, having never been here before. By the time I was half way through with my plate I was feeling the effects of the spice. Good work!! I eat spicy chicken teriyaki all the time and rarely get that effect. In addition I usually have to add more Sriracha to make it hotter than the chili garlic sauce they already add to the chicken. The portions were so huge I couldn't even finish it all. I still haven't made it through half the rice nor have I touched the salad.I'll be back.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,3/27/2013,141,414,12,13,13>I can't believe I have not written a review for Rock Box yet! Holy hell! If you love the feeling of belting out a song in front of friends or strangers Rock Box is the place to go. Have some confidence in your singing skills? Head to the bar and serenade the crowd for free. Shy guy or gal? Rent a room with some pals, create a safe space and let it all out. There is a room for any group ranging from two people up to 50. Room rates are $7 per hour but go down to $4 during happy hour. Want the party room? Get ready to shell out $175 an hour and $125 an hour for happy hour. Pricey yes but worth it if there are more than 15 people. The food is tasty, Japanese inspired cuisine. Cheaper during happy hour of course same with specialty drinks and beers. The song selection is plentiful and it is updated frequently. That new jam that is stuck in your head? It will be in the song selection. Go to Rock Box whether you are a karaoke king or queen or a karaoke novice. You don't have to sing in front of anyone you don't want to yet if you do you can.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/26/2013,155,152,16,19,23>The following is a public letter of apology to the Seattle Storm.Dear Seattle Storm,I was not always a believer. And while it would be too much to say that I was a hater, it would definitely be fair to say that I was a skeptic. A skeptic with a good degree of condescension.  To be honest, I was kind of a dick about the whole thing. Maybe you've heard the joke, "What does WNBA stand for?" I'm not even going to write the answer, because I'm genuinely ashamed that I once found it funny.Like I said.But then I had an idea to take my daughter to a game. I justified it by declaring that a Storm game would be a great place for darling daughter to see awesome female role models. Little did I suspect that they would be awesome role models for me too. But that's exactly what happened. I'll never forget that first game we saw. The Storm were down by double digits in the second half when former Husky Jamie Redd, making her Storm debut and, entering the game for an injured Lauren Jackson, got hot and put on a shooting clinic that not only brought the Storm back, but won them the game.And the fans were out of their minds. And I was out of my mind. And hooked. The next year we purchased a multi-game package and it turned into not just a father/daughter event, but an event for the entire family.  Throughout that season and the next there was fantastic basketball, the train during timeouts, entertaining half time shows and t-shirts tossed into the stands. There was the game when you invited my kids to go down on the court and receive a basketball from a player. My son received the ball from Betty Lennox and my daughter from Lauren Jackson. In 2004 you delivered a championship trophy to Seattle. I was there with my family with tears in my eyes.How fricken awesome.Six years later there was another championship and you became the only professional sports team in Seattle to ever win multiple championships. Best of all, you did it all while upholding the team values of sportsmanship, entertainment and community.  So Seattle Storm, I hope that you will accept my sincere apology for my immaturity and condescension so many years ago. I hope you will recognize my gratitude for being Seattle's most consistent team of the past decade, (nine straight playoff appearances - woot!)  and my thanks for putting on a family friendly, affordable and immensely entertaining show. You are truly awesome Seattle Storm and Seattle is a greater city for you being here.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/25/2013,67,257,4,8,9>Ahh, Green Lake  - Nearly a 3 miles around the lake for walking, running, observing and reflecting in more ways than one. I visit this park throughout the year, and this park is always bustling with activity. It tends to be more crowded on sunnier days (...wait, what? Huh? What Sun?) There's people going out for: BoatingBikingDatingDivingFishingReadingRunningPicnickingRollerblading/Roller-skatingPartaking in sportsWalkingWalking their dog (or cat...)SwimmingTaking pictures of natureThere's plenty of activities to do here. When the light is clear and crisp - the beauty of the park is something that can be captured. I usually go here to go for three laps around the lake - helps me unwind from my day. There are a few coffee shops in the area - so, I usually grab a cup of coffee or water before I begin my unwinding process. The walk path for the most part is evenly flat. There are some areas of the path where it could go over a short bridge or the terrain is unpaved - a concern for those who are walking or running with infant strollers. The path covers the entire perimeter of the lake - covers a nice view of the water, and there's good amount of light on the path during the day. During the evening, the path is only partially lit - and some parts of the path are completely dark as it contains no artificial lighting and the foliage and fauna are blocking most of the ambient light. If going for an evening walk - use of a headlamp is a good idea, or there's always the next day. Anyway, this is a great park to visit, plenty to do, plenty to observe - and for me - as one of my goals this year, is to do a flat out run of the entire lap under 18 mins.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,3/24/2013,231,76,6,10,9>Oh Book Bindery...I've had the opportunity to have their brunch which was nomfreakintastic! Unfortunately they are not serving brunch anymore! =( Then we went back for dinner and it was beyond nomfreakintastic! Everyone must pay a visit to Book Bindery, the food, ambiance, decor, staff all definitely As good as it gets! Our last experience was dinner, my gf and I went out for "date night" and had an early dinner. We arrived around 5PM and the restaurant was pretty empty which was great felt like we had the whole place to ourselves. The staff was wonderful, our waitress was very attentive even after the place got busy around 5:30-6 she would check up on us regularly and not the annoying check up like you would get at other restaurants. She knew when to come to the table to ask a question and timed everything perfectly in my opinion. Location is great it's not in the crazy part of Freemont and Queen Anne. They have a nice large parking lot that definitely fills up. They are also a winery so the restaurant is connected to it and provides a great view from the glass walls inside to the barrel room. Food!!!!So we came back for dinner because the brunch was so amazing! For dinner we each ordered an appetizer and entree. Both appetizers were delicious but the entrees holy jebus! My gf ordered the Sturgeon and I've had quite a bit of Sturgeon in the past and fish in general but this Sturgeon was beautifully prepared. Perfect crisp on the outside soft and flaky on the inside. Did not get any better than that. I ordered the Duck Breast, I was not expecting to get what I got. Just melted in my mouth perfectly cooked medium rare served over a delicious sauce and accompanied by a small portion of Duck Confit. What is great about this restaurant are the portions are the perfect size, the food is bursting with flavor and I truly believe cooked with passion and love. Everyone MUST visit Book Bindery. As we left I made reservations for my birthday. Just had to celebrate it there with some delicious eats!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,3/23/2013,300,256,5,11,6>Katsu Burger is quirky, serving up massive burgers with japanese stylings. While it is off the beaten path, Katsu Burger is a fun field trip. Pair it with a Costco outing or a bar night in Georgetown. The Samurai Burger, nori fries, and green tea milkshake are a fun combination for two to split. The samurai select burger is a lightly fried beef patty, capped with bacon and pineapple. Add to that some thinly shredded cabbage, sliced tomato, and pickles plus a kaiser bun. Wasabi mayonnaise bumps up the heat and tonkatsu sauce adds some sweetness. While the quality of this burger isn't on par with, say, Blue Moon or Red Mill, I really love the unique fixings that they offer. The nori fries are served piping hot with flakes of seaweed. Salty and so delicious with the sweet burger.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/22/2013,466,877,15,20,17>Central Market continues to impress me! I bought my fresh turkey here for Thanksgiving and it was tasty and a competitive price.They have everything I need in stock, even for the most obscure recipes. The checkers and people in the produce and meat departments are always eager to help and happy to do so.I really love this store. Yes, the prices are higher but I think it's worth it, especially if you want a one stop shop for all your needs when making a special recipe. They have great tortillas, too!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,2/18/2013,172,264,10,11,13>I hate that I love specialty cupcakes. They're expensive, they're massive calorie bombs, they're completely unnecessary, no?The shop is very, very small, but well laid out. The display window is gorgeous, everything is sparkly clean, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. It appears the flavor of the month (week?) is bananas foster. I also got a box of chocolate milk and a cookies and creme. Cookies and creme had a wonderful, very authentic tasting buttercream. It reminds me of the Martha Stewart version I make for birthday cakes-- you can actually taste butter, not just whipped crisco like some other unnamed cupcake stores try to pass off as icing. It is perfectly sweet and just the right amount. The cake is rich and very chocolately without being overly sweet. Light, airy crumb.Bananas foster almost made me cry. What an amazing cupcake! Stuffed with caramel, topped with toasted marshmallow and a banana chip, this cupcake is something everyone should try. The cake had a great banana flavor and half banana bread like, half cake like. I LOVED it. The to-go boxes are miracles of engineering-- roomy enough to keep the lid off the very high frosting (or marshmallow) and structured so that the cupcake is not moving even an inch during the drive home.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,2/17/2013,126,226,9,6,8>Oui love to visit this place. Are you down with Châteauneuf-du-Pape AOC? Yeah you know me!I think the people here are like French sunshine, and they stock a sweet random assortment of tasty things. It's a great splurge stop if you are in town for biz, and have a crappy minibar (Who drinks the Bacardi in those, I would like to know.) get yourself to Paris Grocery and make a friend. Then score a great deal on a nice bottle of vin, get some cheese, some crispy fancy crackers, and you are basically hooked up for the night. Also a great spot to hook up some gifts for people who appreciate nice things that disappear the moment you open, eat, or corkpop them. That's decadence. Not many people can put the word corkpop to work. It's a verb I just made up. Spread it around.Hooked up. Fine wine is a much better investment vs plastic surgery for you significant other. You will feel like you are in France, without actually having to deal with France, and everyone around you, including your boy or lady friend, will be somehow more beautiful and interesting than ever. I am pretty sure they have goose fat too, if you need it.And from time to time I think everyone should. If I were a duck, I would buy this place through a highly leveraged mergers and aquackisition deal. I like it.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,2/16/2013,200,357,6,13,7>I am a sucker for rich Italian food and hand made pasta! Spinasse is one of those legendary places you keep hearing about, then telling yourself "I must come here" and then finally experiencing it, only to have your expectations blown out of the water.Warm and rustic decor that still feels chic and upscale. Even after the recent expansion, make sure to make reservations. You could also, grab a cocktail at Artusi and wait, but these guys are popular with good reason. Sitting at the bar gives you the best view of the kitchen, watch the magic unfold before your eyes.Don't be stingy with $$ and prepare your belly for a culinary journey through the Piedmont region. Service is surprisingly casual, yet our server made awesome menu suggestions and picked complementing wine for each course.Not a single item was ok, they were all incredible. From the simple rabbit pate crostini, to the braised rabbit leg, my palate got more excited with each bite. Pasta can be purchased as half portions: - Antipasto Misto: perfect way to sample all of the small plates. A medley of flavors, textures, perfectly cooked vegetables and hand picked ingredients. - Tajarin al ragù o burro e salvia (Fine hand cut egg pasta with ragù or butter and sage). Get both! This is a menu staple, because it's the best pasta I have had the pleasure of eating in a very long time. I literally dream about having more of it. - Rabbit braised with local peppers: Peppers are slowly cooked down to a buttery sauce with sweetness that perfectly complements the rabbit meat. - House made honey gelato atop of fresh fig. The fig could have been a bit more ripe, but the gelato was silky and heavenly.A perfect spot for a date, special occasion, or just an intimate dinner with a partner of choice. However, do not bring a crowd, this space is not designed for large parties.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/15/2013,112,326,19,43,31>If I could write you a review and make you fall in love, I would already have Valentine's cutting your hair. They used all kinds of tricks, I hope that you like this. But you probably will, you think your hair is better than mine.  Valentine's is the real deal, kids; meticulous and precise. Make sure you have the time (they provide a time chart on their web site) and the little bit O' scratch required for a world class cut. If you want cheap or quick then take your wreck of a hairdo to Quick-E Cuts down the block and don't be curious as to why school kids point and laugh at you. I'm pointing and laughing right now... I used our very own Yelp Talk section to ask about a spot that uses a straight razor when trimming the neck. I think it looks cleaner, smoother and just generally is a more professional look. Stylin' and profilin'. It was recommended that I check out Valentine's... a phone call later I made my appointment (no walks in here, folks) and was eagerly waiting for my chance to check this shop out. A few things first off... when making an appointment the receptionist had a few quick questions about my hair and what I wanted. It was a great touch that not only made me feel like this is a professional shop but also that they appreciate my time, my hair and their own reputation. If it's your first visit they have you pay for your service up front to help curb last minute cancellations. No biggie. You can't scare me away, Valentine's! You're cutting my Medusa like snake hair! Hissss...Upon arriving I was offered a beverage and my hoodie was hung on the coat rack. Even hoodies need a home, man. I sat in a comfy chair and played on my phone for a few minutes and then my stylist, Nikki, introduced herself and we got started. She also had questions for me about my hair and what I wanted. These kids want to make sure you get the best possible cut. Color me impressed. No, really... color me. I love crayons and markers. I was impressed with the care given to the cut. Nikki was meticulous and very very precise in making sure every line was straight and everything was even. We had some good filler chit chat that was organic and friendly, never forced and was paced perfectly to the chill atmosphere of Valentine's. When she was about done she got out the straight razor. This is what I've been waiting for! Slice those little buggers up with extreme prejudice and show off some of my neon white neck flesh. She was all pro with the razor and the entire haircut was awesome. She explained to me as she was finishing that when she was done Valentine would look over her work before I left. A few moments later Valentine was checking out my cut and making comments, pointing out spots for her to touch-up and guarantying my cut was awesometastical. Said touch-ups were handled and damn if this isn't an amazing haircut. I'm pretty sure I've found my new spot. At $35 for a hair cut and straight razor neck line I'm super stoked and a happy tipper. If you are new to Seattle and need a good spot, tired of your old spot or just want some place different for a special occasion... Valentine's is your joint. I'm a huge fan!EDIT: 1/31/13 I've been going to Julianna for my last 4-5 visits and she is super fantastic! It is definitely in the blood of everyone working here to be precise and amazing at what they do. It also doesn't hurt that not only does she keep up with the weird crap that comes out of my mouth she can also contribute her own random weird craziness to the convo. It's probably not a good thing to make your clients laugh while you cut their hair... but I didn't really need two ears anyways.It's a nice touch when Valentine himself can greet me by name after only a few visits; they care about their clients and customer service here to the point of it being their second profession. STILL A HUGE FAN!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/14/2013,543,163,19,21,22>I've been to Fogie's a couple times now and--teeheeheeheehee, do you see what I did there? It never ceases to amuse me. Anyway.I've been by for the happy hour a couple times now--both early and late--and I'm a fan. They make you feel appreciated right away by giving you a little bean tostada simply for showing up. How thoughtful! I can't imagine being so thoughtful.The Ultimate Margarita made with fresh lime juice and their chile-infused tequila is a winner. You can get it without the chile-infused tequila, but I'm not going to  bother with that. It's got just a little bit of fire to it, and I like it--it's memorable unlike many of the cocktails I try. It's served in a little glass I'd more expect to see something like a Manhattan in, and my first thought was, "$8 for that?" (that's the happy hour price, normally $10), until the bartender set the cocktail shaker he'd made it in down next to the glass. So, not only can you feel fancy by drinking from the dainty margarita glass, you can also have fun refilling your glass several times, feeling like a big shot pouring your own drink at the bar. The world is truly your oyster for a few minutes there.Cheap pints of light, refreshing beers like Pacifico pair nicely with such a cocktail. Go ahead. It's happy hour. You deserve it.A limited happy hour menu is available for $5 per item, a value proposition that varies depending on what menu item you're ordering, but which mostly seems like a good deal. I had sofritos on my first visit, which is sort of a stack of thick, pie-crust tortillas filled with stuff. They're typically made with some type of meat, but I don't eat that. The bartender was helpful and gracious and said they could easily make it with beans, so that's what I did. This said, I think this is a dish that probably does best with one of the meats, to give it some punch. The modified preparation was missing a note and left me a little flat. I recall mainly doughy tortillas and sort of bland beaniness. Not their fault, though, because there I was messing with their preparation. It's worth noting, though, that if you care about menu substitutions like this, that the refried beans here are vegetarian, not made with lard.More recently, two of us split the happy hour half order of nachos (omitting meat, ordered as "bean nachos"), the ceviche, and the quesadilla. The nachos, though listed as a "half order" is still a pretty good serving, at least for splitting between two people. That's not to say I couldn't have demolished that plate on my own, though. They were cheesy and beany, with a glob each of sour cream and guacamole on each side of the plate. The tortilla chips are thicker than some you might find at other Mexican-ish places, but I think this serves a dish like nachos well, actually, since they're not likely to snap in half as you lift one from the pile and fight the applied tension of a cheese string, or the weight of a bean blob. These were some pretty good nachos, and I'd put them alongside others I've called "the best I've had in town."The quesadilla was a nice "authentic-tasting" quesadilla, by which I mean it tastes like what one in a restaurant should, made with a nice softened tortilla and the appropriate Mexican cheese for a quesadilla, a far cry from my late-night Mission-brand tortilla with cheddar cheese "quesadillas," especially the way they cover it with a bunch of cabbage or what not and serve it with a couple slices of radish. We fancy now.The ceviche was a generous helping served with a basket of chips with which to scoop it. I'm no ceviche expert, but this was tasty. It was a good foil to the heft of a dish like nachos or a quesadilla. The robust tortilla chips likely kept me from uttering a few expletives as I'm prone to do when a chip snaps unceremoniously mid-scoop, but they also fight also against the delicacy of the ceviche.All together, the food cost $15, and neither of us felt anything like proceeding with our plan to "hit up Mario's for a slice" afterward. I'm sort of sad about not going to Mario's, but happy that two appetites were sated and palates pleased, for low cost. The space is attractive, nothing too flashy, opened up a bit from the days of Kurrent "ice bar." A place like Poquitos has it beat for ornateness, what with all their tile and wrought iron, but this place is commensurately less full of itself, just in the way it presents itself, and so far I like the food better here. Staff is attentive and friendly, in that reserved-but-polite-but-approachable way.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,2/13/2013,144,499,6,9,8>This place currently has 114 reviews, 91 of them are five stars and I can see why. I ended up here because I've recently decided to be less fat by doing Crossfit and I've never really had a proper pair of athletic shoes. I got every bit the personal attention all these other reviews talk about. The employee helping me even managed to fix a squeak in my wife's shoes... ones she's had for months and didn't buy there.The only reason I didn't go five stars is because you have zero choice in the look/style of the shoe if you want a particular fit and cushion. I bought shoes I actually think are kinda ugly because they felt so good. In the end it's about a quality fit above all else, but I would have preferred shoes that weren't so in your face. Regardless, I'm happy with my shoes.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/12/2013,557,196,9,13,11>This third restaurant installment from Renee Erickson is another winner for Seattle. The Whale Wins is a picturesque open setting that promotes a wonderful dinner party experience. The menu advocates a meal that is to be shared with your friends for optimal enjoyment. Sharing is caring, right? The food is a compilation of seasonal vegetables and fresh local protein, wood fired and executed with Southern European and English influences.Partaking in a family style meal, we ordered quite the collection.  Our first dish was the local roasted carrots and fennel served with yogurt. I'm a fan of the wood fired vegetables and wished I ordered more. There's always next time though! The other starter was the Painted Hills bone marrow, which was pretty rich and succulent.For the main shared dishes we got the trifecta of the roasted trout, braised pork shoulder with winesap apples, and the roasted mad hatcher chicken. I can't speak for the party, but the main entrées performed very well. The roasted trout had a nice char and a citrus pop for a balanced taste. You can't go wrong with the braised pork shoulder, and to couple it with apple, it made the perfect combination. The roasted chicken was good, but I definitely rank the trout and pork shoulder heads and shoulders above.If you get excited like I do for the Boat Street Café and the Walrus and the Carpenter, then the Whale Wins will not disappoint.Bone Marrow - s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com…
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/11/2013,519,323,9,13,10>I'm smitten!!!  I decided to try Plum for lunch on my own the other day, and now I cannot wait to return.  I was trying not to gape at my neighbor's food because it looked and smelled so good.  I really wanted to try the famous "mac and cheese," but it would have been too much food for lunch on my own.  I would describe the food as Vegan comfort food and is as far from granola as one could get.  I would say any meat eater would be completely satisfied with the tasty food here.I decided on the Chipotle Grill sandwich that had marinated tempeh, caramelized onions, tomato, avocado, and a chipotle aioli on grilled rye bread.  Rye is not my favorite, but the sandwich was absolutely delicious and the rye flavor wasn't overwhelming as I feared.  It also came with a little mixed greens salad on the side, that was flavorful.  I also loved that they had local kombucha that was delicious and effervescent.  My food also came out extremely quick, which I really appreciated because I was on my lunch break and wanted to get in and out.My only negatives were the service-maybe it was because I was carrying a leather coach bag, my bad!  I am not a full blown Vegan but would hope that my patronage is appreciated regardless.  Maybe my waitress just wasn't that friendly, but she seemed friendlier to the other table next to me, so not sure about that.  She also saw me get up and walk out and didn't say good bye, thank you, etc.... and that is a pet peeve of mine.   Another thing was that the wrap I originally wanted to try, they were out of.  That was kind of a bummer. I can't wait to return, however I will remember to bring my non-leather purse and hope for friendlier service.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/9/2013,133,363,8,12,11>No one ever says no when I say "Lets go to Hot Cakes!".They serve their cake in a hot (don't touch!), small mason jar. It's the heat from the baked glass jar that cooks the cake evenly around the outside and allows for the perfect amount of gooey inside. Mmmmm! You can eat it there for $7.50 served with a scoop of ice cream and toppings (salted Carmel and toffee!! YUM!), or you can take one home and bake it there.They serve other things here too! The bread pudding tastes a little like chai. The peanut butter cookies are SOOOOOOOOOO gooooooooood!! They cater weddings and events too!I don't even like sweet things, I have a salty tooth. But this place is awesome and well worth the drive and parking nightmare in Ballard. :)
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/7/2013,386,1001,15,17,18>If you're not going upstairs to the bar and asking them to spin vinyl, you're not getting the full effect.This is a two-story, fairly ordinary neighborhood pizzeria. They have a great lineup of pies, good salads, nice apps, and a few entrees. They have a thoroughly decent little tap lineup, some good wines, and a full bar. The prices aren't in the steal range, but they're not a ripoff, either. The service is awesome. Friendly and fun and reliable and solid. The setting is just OK. It's nicely remodeled, but the graffiti art is trying a little too hard to be gritty and urban and cool. There are some nice spots to sit along banquettes, and plenty of tables. The upstairs has the best perches, but it isn't always open (usually closed around lunch). Upstairs, in addition to having the best view of the game on the big screen and the bar right there, also has a massive vinyl collection. It's curated by the former owner of Fallout Records on Cap Hill, so, as you might imagine, it's loaded with lots of classic hard bop, free jazz, and old punk, plus lots of other hip stuff of various eras and genres. Ironically, the cooks often listen to fairly mundane 80s and 90s pop, so don't judge the vinyl collection by what you hear coming out of the kitchen. Best of all, they bring you a vinyl list--you select your side from a leather-bound book like a wine list. The bartender plays a side and then moves to the next thing in queue.Unfortunately, as good as the toppings, cheeses, and edges of the pizza are, the crust is a floppy, soggy mess. It tastes great, but it's sodden enough that it's a pain to eat. But the kitchen is solid enough to work in concert with the bar, the big screen, and the vinyl library. Cool spot.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,2/6/2013,212,265,4,12,8>The Oak is a swank little neighborhood tavern and a great addition to Beacon Hill!Rustic Americana settings greet you as you enter the cozy surroundings. They have a dining/family area in the lower end of the restaurant and an upper bar with a sports bar type lounge.  I've tried a couple of their dinners, the double bacon cheeseburger nicknamed "overtime" with an arugula salad was killer, and the painted hills beef sloppy joe with fried egg on top and frites was interesting. As a fan of interesting micros, they had a Irish Death ale by Iron Horse and a double barrel ale on tap. The missus had one of their delicious ciders.If you're a coffee fan, they have brewed Verite coffee and bags of beans to go.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/5/2013,528,376,10,13,13>There's something very comforting about this place that keeps bringing me back for more.  It's the ever-changing beer list (and delicious choices!), Vietnamese-style menu, HUGE variety of menu items and the ambiance.  It's a restaurant/bar in one without being too pretentious or too dive-y (for lack of a better word).  I've had two different type of fresh rolls and the tofu coconut was definitely better than the meat.  The rice paper was a little too tough for my taste though.  The inside of the banh-mi was actually really tasty--just wish the bread was a little less crispy.  There are so many options so I suggest trying different items to find your perfect dish.  Adding a delicious local beer is the best combination to anything on this menu.The bar owners are really knowledgeable of their beers, food, and can suggest anything based on what you like.  It's has a great location on lower QA and is a great place to meet up with friends!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,2/4/2013,272,312,5,10,10>It look me over a year since moving to Seattle to try Paseo.  *shrugs* better late than never right?  Even before I moved here I was told I needed to come here, that's important Paseo is for WA residents and travelers.***CASH ONLY***Naturally, I went with the #2 Caribbean Roast ($8.50), noted on their menu as their most popular item.  What really made this unique is their marinade, not overwhelming but not too subtle either.  The pork shoulder was of generous portion and was extremely tender.  So even after all the reviews and hyping Paseo up in my head for over a year, it still was able to blow my taste buds away and wanting more.  That's worthy of a 5 stars in my book.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,2/3/2013,461,411,6,8,9>Well, my friend who brought us here said we ought to split one plate among two people. He was right  (though with Sultan as far from Seattle as it is, I'm glad I got my own so I could eat leftovers later).We ordered some kind of apple upside-down muffin thing that was like a cinnabon gone horribly awry in all the right ways. Not too sweet, very cinnamoned, and absolutely delicious. GET ONE.We had a roast beef prime rib, club sandwich, ranch chicken sandwich, and chicken fried steak. Firstly, the mashed potatoes come with four choices of gravy types. And the potatoes are real mashers! Winning already!The bread on many sandwich/burger options is made in house, and is awesome. Sadly, they won't sell it to you. They make it just for their restaurant.Every dish was perfect, huge, and absolutely delicious. SO MANY WINS. I am so glad I don't live close to Sultan Bakery. I would end up being such a fatty. If you're ever nearby, stop in and see for yourself why this place is reportedly world famous!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/2/2013,317,381,5,5,3>Tat's is amazing!  It could be my favorite sandwich shop in Seattle.  They make so many good sandwiches here.  The cheesesteak is as good as Pat's and Geno's in Philly (I get mine with provolone, whiz, and onions) but my favorite is the grinder.  That grinder is one delicious freaking sandwich!   The Tat'strami, the meatball, and the chicken parmesean are fantastic as well.  The roll they use for those hot sandwiches are soft, but strong and sturdy - perfect for their gooey and potentially messy sandwiches.   I understand that the owners are indeed from Philly, which would explain their bad taste in sports banners in the joint.  :D    For a nice Philly touch, they also have Tasty Cakes, guaranteed to help you give you an authentic Philly gut.  :D :D Don't be intimidated by the lines at lunch, they go by quick, and is so worth it!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,2/1/2013,615,688,10,18,11>Ever want to play in a room filled with trampolines?  Here's your chance!Well, if you are a kiddo that is.  This is a fabulous new trampoline and play area in the Bothell area.  I had to check it out after the write up in Red Tricycle.  And it is just as good as they said. A huge facility with two distinct areas.  One is filled with trampolines, the other with a child play area.  The trampoline area has one place for dodgeball, one for basketball and another for just jumping.  Trampolines on the wall, the floors.  It's amazing.  You can slam dunk on the basketball trampolines too!   Apparently adults can use them too and they hold fitness classes.  I definitely have to look into that because it sounds like so much fun.The kid area is huge.  A small ball pit for kids, a caged ball for spinning, a palm tree with rides ones, a maze and tower climb and speed slides.  You can get tired just watching the kids run up and down the structure.  It's a little on the pricey side.  About $22 for 2 hours on both places, meaning the kids can go back and forth between the trampolines and structure.  And that is more than enough time.  The trampolines are to be used with no socks or the $2 grip ones they sell.  And socks are required on the kid structure.  I recommend buying the $2 grip socks they sell, which can be used on both.  Make sure to do the online waiver prior to coming as the computers there suck and the line to do the waivers is longer than the line to get in!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,1/31/2013,50,149,14,13,13>I've driven past Yeh Yeh's many times when I'm shopping at the Hard Drives Northwest store nearby, but the wife and I finally decided to stop in for lunch on a cold and rainy Wednesday. The layout of Yeh Yeh's is very sparse with the food prep area lined up along the left side with the kitchen behind, then a short single row of two seat tables along the right. We decided to dine in, but I think that most customers are of the takeaway variety because only one other person decided to stay.We settled on a tofu bahn mi and a papaya salad with tofu and lime/fish sauce dressing. The papaya salad arrived very quickly in a cram-packed to-go container. The tofu was freshly fried, very crispy, and went just fine with the super fresh shredded papaya, herbs, and pickled veggies. Super delicious. Our sandwich took a little longer to arrive, but the reason why was quickly revealed - it was piping hot out of their oven. The bread, light with a thin crunchy crust was packed full of tofu, pickled veggies, brown sauce, and a bunch of other delicious stuff. This is unquestionably the best tofu bahn mi on the Eastside and perhaps in all of the greater Seattle area. The only thing that I could really offer as constructive criticism is - and bravo to Yeh Yeh's for having their food prep out in the front - but be aware that your customers are watching and if you should have to sneeze, wipe your nose, or anything else of that nature please wash your hands before returning to work on food prep. Germophobes of the world thank you for tolerating us.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/29/2013,290,437,15,18,16>Cupcake Royale... how have I not written a review for this location? It's a mystery.I used to be a Trophy fangirl, but as I aged I realized I couldn't handle the sugarbomb that most Trophy flavors end up being after more than a few bites... enter Cupcake Royale. I'm not a huge fan of their chocolate cake bases, but their white cake base is pretty much amazing -- eggy and "moistier" as they promoted it when they first switched recipes, with the exception of the occasional seasonal flavor, I always opt for the white cake base. When Bellevue's cafe first opened, I wasn't in love with it... as time as passed though, the staff has become a lot more chill and the cafe's vibe has become very sit & chat friendly, which I love. CR has also expanded to ice cream... it's decadent, and most of the flavors I've tried are fantastic. Their red velvet ice cream sandwich is perhaps one of the best uses of $4.50, and on occasion I've splurged for their cakeshake [cupcake blended in to a milkshake, I kid you not] in spite of the ~$9 price tag.CR is one of the few places where I can understand their prices being high -- you're definitely paying for quality, and to support the local growers who provide their ingredients -- which is great! Cupcake Royale is super community oriented, and as a facebook fan I always see their posts regarding cupcake frosting days for kids, music and their community activism. For Valentine's Day, CR delivers their wares to nearby businesses -- my boyfriend, working in the Expedia building, ordered a set earlier this year, but they never arrived. After he got in touch with them [still on V-Day], they asked him to come down to the cafe to pick them up... when he got there, they comped the cupcakes for his trouble! Mistakes happen, yes, but their handling of the situation [which ensured I ended up with my luscious Deathcake Royales] was so on top of things, and customer service oriented, I was really impressed.So I've switched camps in my old age... cloyingly sweet cupcakes are great once in a blue moon, but I'm more than content to stick with Cupcake Royale for the majority of my cuppin' cakin' needs... and I'm thankful that the Bellevue location is still around to make those trips easier on me ;)
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,1/27/2013,468,742,8,10,8>I'm sure there have been reviews trying to cleverly slip in the whole "her name was Lola..." deal but I'll just get straight to the point:Lola provides an awesome dining experience! Their happy hour is amazing and I like how there's the option to split small plates on the dinner menu.  The kebabs are fun and tasty to share, especially their pork and salmon.  I also love the grilled onions that garnish the kebabs.  The cauliflower and anchovy hummus is another starter dish worth trying.The last time I dined here for dinner, my date ordered the grilled octopus with pork belly. For those of you who don't know me well, I am not a fan of octopus but I decided to suck it up and try it since this was one of those first date situations.  Anyways, I surprisingly liked the octopus in this dish because it was sliced thin and wasn't chewy.Other items I recommend on trying are their house made granola, lamb burger with chickpea fries (delicious!), and of course Tom Douglas's infamous donuts with mascarpone and seasonal jam.Lola is a great place to grub at for breakfast, lunch, happy hour or dinner.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,1/26/2013,273,665,18,17,17>Some of my favorite things: Libraries, Booze, board games, Girl-Dates, Australian Accents, and now BINGO! The Kangaroo and Kiwi totally had all of these things, and more! Riss and I headed over here for the TWIF Bingo night. $10 for a couple hours of shenanigans for charity, especially in an old Carnegie- library- turned -Australian -Bar, in the middle of one of my favorite neighborhoods, is really hard to pass up. I have been dying to check this place out ever since it changed locations. The fact that this historical Library is still getting used is awesome. I also love bars that have board games, and fireplaces. So, needless to say, I'm a fan. I didn't try any of the food, but the chicken wings, and the tacos both looked good, and I can't wait to try the Australian Meat Pie, which I am guessing is like an English Meat Pie with ketchup and cooked on the barbie and served with a Fosters? The Australians are weird, so I don't know. We plan on coming back here when they have Australian rules Football on, so we can drool at all the Hot Australian/New Zealand Ex-pats.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,12/22/2013,171,247,1,8,9>I can't think of a classier restaurant in Seattle. From the moment you walk through the tufted leather doors and into the dark, elegant dining room, you feel like you've been invited into an exclusive club. The ambience is sophisticated and romantic. All the staff are dressed to the nines. The food is good as well. On my initial visit, I came during resturant week and had the dry aged sirloin for my main course. I had never had dry aged steak, and don't usually order sirloin. To my surprise, the sirloin was amazingly tender. I honestly would not be able to tell the difference from their dry-aged sirloin from fillet mignon. It is that tender. Actually, I think it has more flavor than fillet despite being cheaper.On my second visit, I opted for the tasting menu which is a pretty good value in my opinion ($70) and one which you should consider if you've never been to El Gaucho. It is 4 courses: soup, salad, steak trio sampler, and dessert. The soup is the "Insane Truffle Soup," and is that good. My girlfriend says this was her favorite part of the meal. My second course was the beet salad. It was a good salad, as much as a salad could be. Both the salad and soup were substantial enough that my girlfriend and I could share without having to order separate appetizers for her. My favorite part of the the steak trio by far was the aged sirloin with lobster and bernaise sauce. Again the sirloin was lean, flavorful, and tender. The richness of the lobster and cream sauce was the perfect accompaniment to the lean steak. The fillet mignon part of the trio was tender, but nowhere near as good as the sirloin with lobster. I really was not a fan of the peppercorn ny steak. It was a little too peppery for my tastes. My girlfriend ordered the halibut. I generally like halibut, but was not a huge fan of this one. It was very tender and flaky, but the herb mixture on the top was slightly bitter and almost tasted like dried herbs from a bottle. For dessert I had some sort of toffee cookie with ice cream on top. I can't remember the specific name. The dessert was good but not especially memorable. Again, it was big enough to share with my dining companion. But the overall dining experience was a good one.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,12/21/2013,140,713,2,12,4>Big Trouble in Little Uncle is a pop-up restaurant in Little Uncle. Big Trouble is Hong Kong style brunch, from noon until they run out of food (or 3pm) on Sundays. Little Uncle is Thai food, and is normally closed Sun and Mon.I have been to Big Trouble two times now; one on opening day (I arrived 20 minutes after they'd opened and they already ran out of the rice noodle rolls - bummer - because I tried them the second time and they are AMAZING; spicy, crisp on the edges, tender, with sesame seeds and dried pepper and green onion for additional texture)I've tried their nettles with fermented tofu and jalapeno - not spicy at all, but delicious, with the nettles adding truly amazing texture, and cooked just to perfect tenderness. (They had a similar young broccoli dish the first week, which was also great, but I prefer the texture of the nettles). I've tried their soup noodles beef which had a lightly gingered broth, chunks of tender flaky beef, and some green vegetable that I didn't recognize - you could order these dry or wet and I highly recommend the wet, the broth is delicate, rich, and just plain awesome.Their hamburger buns - ground beef wrapped up in a spongy light dough, something like an Asian pirosky - are both cute and delish. My daughter devoured hers, then worked on mine...Heh.The Hong Kong style milk tea is also great; they offer sugar so you can have it authentic style, but I like the rich malty slightly astringent tea to remain just on the edge of bitter and so take a pass.Word of Big Trouble's awesomeness is quickly spreading - by 12:15 today, there were about 30 people in line, many of whom were cute kids. I recommend calling ahead to order. There's also a parking finder on their website that shows the best places to park nearby.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,12/20/2013,128,148,6,6,3>Woohoo! Here are some reasons to like this spot: 1. Creative Drinks - Gin & Jam hit the spot. Perfectly sweet, yet not too girly. Win!  2. Super attentive staff - And they were quick and speedy to boot! 3. Complimentary Chocolate covered bacon... - Say what?! Thank you for giving me a little tasty morsel to enjoy while I waited for my friend. 4. Finger-licking good food - The warm garlic burrata was perfect. I was honestly liking my fingers after each bite...
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,12/19/2013,603,252,7,6,7>This is probably my favorite small production winery in Woodinville. The wine is always very delicious, and the people are always very nice. They work informally with the pizza place next door, so whenever we go there we order fries and pizza and the restaurant brings it to us in the winery! They have wines for every palate including amazing whites, interesting roses, and bold reds. The wines are also very affordable, so they tend to have mass appeal. Definitely one of the best value wineries in Woodinville. Whenever we go there we never pay for tastings because we always buy a bottle and each bottle has a coupon for free tastings. Every time we go for a tasting, we buy a bottle to go. Rinse, repeat. It's one of the things that keeps us coming back. I recommend checking out the cellar when you have a chance. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,12/18/2013,615,688,9,14,18>The Irish gem of Ballard. I adore this little shop and was overjoyed to find it.  And every year around St. Brigid's day, I always remember this place for its great Brigid's crosses.  Oh yeah, and that other big holiday, St. Patrick's day I think it's called.  :)Anyway, it's a quaint little store in a pretty little house on 15th.  It's worthwhile stop for anyone who enjoys Celtic culture, real Irish goods and to support a wonderful local business.  I personally love the Irish and German shirts that the owners have.  What a great combination!  "Irish Temper and German Stubbornness"  I love it!They have beautiful sweaters, Galway crystal, step dancing gear, claddagh rings, dolls, sheet music, stickers, etc.  Just a wonderful collection to look through.  Even biscuits and imported teas.  I personally like the Irish peat sculptures.  I sent my mother a beautiful harp from this store and my clan map of Ireland is framed in my hallway. St. Patrick's a great excuse to discover this shop but there are definitely many more reasons to come back.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,12/17/2013,35,22,14,35,15>I love Rainy Days Caffe and visit daily.  The staff knows what I drink and always have my coffee ready for me with a smile and a polite attitude.    If you purchase a $20 coffee card then you get $5 of free coffee and they also utilize a punch card system.  It's a great deal!My coffee is easy (three shots over ice with two raw sugars) but my husbands is VERY complicated and Greta gets it right EVERY time!  Way to go. I love the fact that Rainy employees students working their way through college, way to give back to the community.  They also frequently participate in benefits for local needy children and families in Lake Stevens.Their hours are good, the lobby is always clean and inviting, there are always families and children and regulars there so it's a wonderful local hangout.  I've gotten to know quite a few people in my home town through this business.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,12/16/2013,91,211,14,17,15>What can I say about Chuck's Hop Shop. It is Disneyland for adults. But also for children. So just Disneyland I suppose.Two months ago I gave birth to a child, and she has been to Chuck's twice so I am technically an offender, but I get it. Children and adult fun are not compatible. Children are the worst. I mean except for mine, but she is a genius. However most children are tiny sociopaths who should only be the cause for drinking and not your drinking companions.Here is why Chuck's is fantastic anyway: amazing list of taps organized on a fancy screen. Getcher growlers filled here! ALL of the Southern Tier beers (my favorite) I have ever heard of, and then a couple I had not heard of. Distributor of Aardvark Hot Sauce, the best habanero sauce made on the Earth. Also a candy selection, because they know how I like to get down. Also a rotation of food trucks including but not limited to Ezell's, The Grilled Cheese Experience, a creole truck I've forgotten the name of, and more. In summary, Chuck's Hop Shop is a place you should go, so go there.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,12/12/2013,669,404,3,12,8>Authentic Indian food here! Thanks to Yelp we found this gem hidden away off Casino Road in Everett. The Owners are extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating.  The food is clean and tasty with a menu that appeals to both meat eater and vegan/vegetarian. You can order off the menu which includes a good number of dishes or you can order pseudo buffet style from 4 - 6 different dishes that are continually made and rotated. I recommend the Channa Masala for the non-meat eater, it is filling and full of taste. When I say the food here is clean, I mean that it is made fresh with whole ingredients. Love it!p.s. prices here are extremely fair for the quantity and quality of food that you receive.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,12/11/2013,117,113,13,16,16>It's 2:00 AM and I get hit with a serious munchie problem. I'm kind of broke, and not drunk at all, so Memos and other cheap late night options just don't sound like they'll do it for me. I turn to Yelp for foodie wisdom & found Pel'meni! How have I not known there was a late night (open til 2:30 AM) delicious little Russian Dumpling spot within my grasp all this time?!I called in to save them a last minute customer & the guy I talked to was nice & didn't seem to mind a call in order thirty minutes before closing. We ordered two combo orders (mixed potato and beef dumplings), two cans of coke, and a pickle. The total came to $20.82. Not too bad but pricey enough to validate some high hopes for almighty deliciousness. Driving up our GPS said we had arrived, but our eyes did not agree. This place is pretty tough to spot, it's near the Lenin statue but tucked into a little alley. There are literally no visible signs & I would never have seen it if I wasn't desperately and eagerly searching for it. My boyfriend went and retrieved the Pel'meni and I waited with baited breath hoping with all of me these dumplings would live up to my expectations. They're sprinkled with hot sauces, & curry powder, not too spicy at all. There's also a secret sauce on them which is vinegary perfection.. and a dallop of sour cream on the side. My initial reaction was that they were definitely good & the toppings were spot on flavor perfection, but the dumpling itself could have used a little seasoning. They were a little bland. I then tried putting a dumpling with a little sour cream, a nice smothering of the sauces, and a little bite of the pickle at once. Holyyy dumpling. It was a flavor explosion.. it really blew me away. It gave it that acidic kick it really did need. The rye bread served with it was good, especially paired with the dumpling, but I would have preferred it to be toasted, but that's not a big deal. I finished my order of dumplings and rejoiced, basking in the lingering flavors of Tzar dumplings in my mouth. My lips just barely tingling from the spice, and my taste buds going nuts longing for more zesty, chewy goodness. I really want another order of dumplings, the main reason for my four star review (as opposed to five) is that I'm not really full, and remembering this Pal'Meni experience I've just had is hurting me a little. Oh Tzar! I will think of you often.. & return for you as soon as humanly possible.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,12/10/2013,179,284,8,14,12>I was in Tacoma doing some errands and decided to try this Raw restaurant out.  I eat some raw food, but I have never gone out of my way for specifically 'raw' food.  I just thought to myself, 'self,'  'today's a good day to try something different.'  I started with the Kale Chips.  I find Kale chips in general to be fascinating.  They have an odd, Kaley flavor, but they are so light and crispy, I feel like I am eating Angel Wings, and it's a little addictive... does that make me a bad person?  Well, these Kale Chips are pretty good, the prerequisite air and crunch.  I like the ones I make at home a little more, but these were pretty good all the same.Then I ordered the Mediterranean Falafel.  It was great!  It was flavorful and crunchy.  It was nutty and crunchy and good.  It's served more as a salad, with hummus and tzatziki on the side.  I loved the hummus, but the tzatziki was odd.  But, the veggies and olives and Falafel were a good combo.I really was a happy eater as I polished off my salad.  I finished off with a Coconut Truffle.It was a great lunch, and I will be dragging a friend who loves 'raw' food here, when she comes for a visit.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,9/24/2008,286,643,10,13,13>PEOPLE- I have found the key to success here. GO at LUNCH! Go with your friend who has an expense account and also knows the head chef as well as everyone else. :) The food for lunch today was SUPER! We started out with the scallop sashimi appetizer which was excellent and I drank Dry Soda that was delish, per usual. My friend had the halibut special which she loved, and I had the crab melt.... crab, cheese, perfection. We finished off with a scoop of ice cream. It was great! The restaurant was very very quiet and made for a good time to come in and catch up on old times. I will be back, but only for lunch, and probably when I don't have to pay. :)
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,9/23/2008,3,2,9,10,9>I never thought that I would find myself in Helle. I am a good girl who has always appreciated the soft soothing bubbling fountain spas in the downtown Seattle core. I was swayed to the "dark" side by a review on Yelp and have never looked back. The decor is completely opposite from those Zen like spas I was addicted to, here there is so much character. Danielle the facialist extraordinaire completes the package with amazing skin care and painless techniques and you leave feeling like you have a new best friend! I will forever tell people about my experience in Helle! You should plan your own trip soon!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,9/21/2008,223,330,11,10,9>My girlfriend was FINALLY willing to give it a try! In fact, she not only was in the mood for it, but she WANTED to try it.Ya see, she doesn't like burgers that much so to hear that she wanted to try the burgers at Red Mill, just made my day. I'm happy to report that a visit to RM pretty much made my entire week, the burgers were that good. Seeing the line out the door told me two things: a) these burgers better be worth it and b) if they are not worth it I'm going to personally message every person on Yelp who gave RM a good review and tell them in detail how much I hate lines.Thankfully, (for everyone's sake) the burgers were spectacular. The buns were toasted perfectly which made every bite start with delightful "crunch". At first bite, I found myself smiling with content, and then realized that precious burger pieces were falling out of my gaping mouth. Of course it had been so long since I had a burger, I forgot that it was all business.  The meat (both patties) was perfectly grilled and the Mill sauce that is used on the burgers has to be one of the best tasting things on this planet. Wars are probably fought over this sauce, and if not, they f*ing should be.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2008,9/20/2008,86,218,7,9,9>Supplement your mediocre breakfast at the 5 Spot with a quick trip to Chocolopolis! The customer service is AMAZING. We walked in and were greeted by a lovely woman who gave us an overview of the organization of the store. Books and information to your right, truffles behind the display case in the center, and bar after bar of heavenly chocolate, organized by region, lining the wall to your left. She then guided us through the three different chocolatiers that they are featuring in the case, and gave us useful information about the flavors and composition of each. Both women in the store were so... HAPPY. I can't blame them, they're surrounded by the intoxicating aroma of chocolate all day long. I'm jealous and want to be them. The chocolates and truffles in the display case were too beautiful to resist, so I picked out a box of four. Lime, Vanilla Caramel, Balsamic Strawberry, and something I can't remember- but all the flavors were perfectly balanced and it melted in my mouth. My friend had the Lavender Caramel and the Bananas Foster chocs. I also got a spicy chocolate marshmallow, which totally blew my mind and wasn't AT ALL what I expected it to be. I thought it would be your typical Jet-Puffed 'mallow dipped in some kind of sauce, but instead, it was flat and rectangular with some kind of spicy chocolaty dust on it? I obviously can't describe it, but highly suggest you try one, especially since it only costs 50 cents. There is definitely something for everyone at Chocolopolis, and LOTS of things for meeeee!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,9/17/2008,601,289,19,17,17>you're hungry, you're nursing a slight hangover, and you're suppose to be starting scavanger hunt within the next 20 minutes, what do you do?  Go to the crumpet shop of course!I can't believe that i have lived in seattle for three years and have never stopped by the crumpet shop. Those crumpets are goooood.  Think about a cheese infused bread... yeah. that's what it tasted like. and they're so soft and fluffly... i got the pesto tomato crumpet, and while i was walking out of the store, a lady stared at my crumpet.  i have to say, i was getting a little protective over my little crumpet.  I told her to get her own to stare at. yes. they're that good. :D
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2008,9/15/2008,270,226,10,13,10>The notorious screeching and grinding are not cool.  Then there's the slightly less irritating cousin, which is the gum-prodding and scraping routine, that we are dutifully supposed to endure bi-yearly. *bwaaa_ bwaaaaaaa_shake-shake_shudderrrrrr*  'Scuse me while I try to shed some of my heebie-jeebies.But, really, Dr. Lee is actually an awesome dentist. She still uses the drill, scrapers, funny gas, and strange wannabe bubblegum flavored spray. The treatment procedure is the same, but I'm raving over her bed-side mannerisms. There's never any pressure to do any seemingly unnecessary procedures. Her positive attitude, kindliness, and professionalism is reflected in throughout the staff. However, her hours are quite limited. I think she's only available 4 days a week, so scheduling can be slightly tricky. But being under Dr. Lee's care feels safer than other possible alternatives. I'm in good hands with Dr. Lee.Okay. Done. Now I must brush and floss immediately, and vow to wear my retainer from now on...
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2007,9/14/2008,25,74,18,11,15>oh la la. I get a rush and a blush just thinking about this place. It's truly the only store where I have never taken anything back. Well... I assume they don't take returns... hopefully. Oh God... please say they don't take returns...Alright... moving on. The place is merchandised better than Nordstrom and the customer service is on par with, well... Nordstrom. Actually, now that I think about it, shopping at Babes is a lot like shopping at Nordstrom's. The selection is wonderful and displays are scrumptious. They make you feel warm and fuzzy about your business and encourage you to get adventurous. Everyone I know could benefit from hangin' here once in a while.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,9/13/2008,36,106,8,9,6>Quinn's is another installment in Seattle's affection for medieval taverns reinvented. This wave of brew pubs includes the likes of Smith, Feierabend and the People's Pub. Taken from a chapter in the yet to be written, "A Seattle Hipster in King Arthur's Court" these bars feature numerous unique, frequently imported brews and meat-laden menus, often with uncommon fare like venison, buffalo or even wild boar.Quinn's takes the medieval chic to the next level. The quality of the food is king of the castle. Unfortunately, so are the prices. I paid $7 for the best grilled ham and cheese sandwich I have ever tasted... I don't know if it was worth the $7 on its own... maybe if they had bothered to give me fries.According to my friend Brad, the burger is the best burger he has had in Seattle. It also happens to be $12. Five years ago, I worked at a top notch restaurant in L.A. that didn't charge that much for a burger. Has the price of burger really shot up so far!? I should invest!Some of the more exotic fare offered at Quinn's includes a marrow bone plate. Find out what your dog... or zombie has been digging on by scooping the marrow out of two large bone cross-sections, because marrow bones, though popular in post-apocalyptic cuisine are not often to be found in Seattle WA! The menu also includes duck and a wild boar sloppy Joe because we know how you boars like 'em sloppy!Be warned, Quinn's is a hopping joint and when we arrived, the whole place was packed. Be prepared to stand or belly up to the bar while you wait for a seat.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2008,9/12/2008,264,858,12,15,14>Fine food, top notch booze, and OMG the GARLIC mojito sauce!!!I think dinner is always made better when you are surrounded by great friends, who, 1) Still tease about that one time in band-camp. 2) Try to drink copious amounts of booze, with 40-something abused livers. 3) Enjoy each other's company over a great meal, at least once a month.Our meal last night was wonderful, while the garlic infused garlic sauce, Mojito sauce, was a bit much for some, I braved it and partially marinaded myself in the little dish that accompanied each meal.  Tasty but after brushing my teeth/tongue 3 times last night, and twice this AM, I still have the lingering affects of Anti-vampire breath..... I'm just glad I don't have any meetings scheduled today....9 of us crowded around a table that really was intended for 6 but it was still comfortable.  We crowed all night long, well actually we stayed about 3 hours and time just seemed to fly by, as our waitress was attentive yet allowed us to enjoy our rum-induced evening of gabbing and sharing 9 dishes collectively.  5 appetizers, Empanadas of assorted stuffings were a dough filled bundles of joy, fried to perfection, a dish of the Medley de Platanos aka smashed green plantains, and the Gandules Dip, which looked a lot like salsa with peas in it, I was a tad late and missed this dish.  The aforementioned Mojito (pureed garlic, olive oil, dried oregano and lime) sauce, was and still is very tasty, just don't expect to talk to non-garlic lovers anytime soon.Our meals spanned the wide breath of the menu, from the  Pastelon a Puerto Rican style lasagna, to my Chuletas a la Criolla, pork chops which were perfectly marinated with lemon and adobo, pan sizzled and smothered in a red creole sauce, deeeee-lish!!Garlic and rum abound at this little hole in the wall.  They are BIG on flavor and serve up a great meal with wonderfully friendly service!My only gripe and minus 1 star, but this goes for Ballard in general, there isn't much parking.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,9/11/2008,128,407,18,22,21>I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE Top Banana.I mean LOVE.  I would buy Top Banana a big ol' diamond ring, take it out to Morton's, and fly off to a romantic trip to Italy if it were possible.  The produce here is always cheaper than the grocery stores, and is usually* fresher, too.  Additionally, the people here are also very helpful, and always willing to crack something open for you to try.  The other day, I was here shopping and a guy working here asked if I wanted to try a honey mango.  A what??I, of course, obliged, and while I'm here at work, I'm enjoying some more of it (for those interested, it tastes like a blend of mango and papaya, it's quite delicious).Also for those interested, they sell Smith Bros. brand milk.  This is something that I was searching for for a while.  When I was a kid, we had this milk delivered to the house.  Our milkman Pete was always so nice.  Now living in a condo, Smith Bros does not deliver here.  I found it at Top Banana, and now I can feel like a kid again.* - usually - sometimes the produce is a bit too ripe, but so rare, it does not drop a star.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,7/2/2014,24,110,6,9,7>There's something that's just so warm and inviting as you step into this little restaurant.  The menu is very simple and delicious.  I gravitated toward the steak pie, just cause I thought...while in scotland...do as...the scots do? And their baked scotch eggs hit the spot as well. In any case, it was bubbling deliciousness topped with their own made in house puff pastry.   YUM.And surprisingly, even though you don't see a whole ton of mexican cuisine up in scotland, I have it on good authority that their enchiladas are pretty awesome as well.And finally to the most awesome part about this place...the booze tasting.A pub after my own heart, they have cleverly named their trio of scotch tasting flights [get it? flights? teehee] after Boeing aircrafts.  I has the 787 taster, which included a scotch that had a slightly higher proof, but left a memorable impression.  The owner seems very knowledgeable about scotch too..and sadly dispelled my notion that enjoying fine liquors over a giant ball of ice was the way the go (but I was rather thankful after the fact) .  Room temp scotch with a splash of water for me from here on out.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,7/1/2014,96,308,6,8,6>Apparently when you have lunch at 3PM, you tend to miss the lunch rush.SO: Note to self, only eat out at 3PM.The biscuits were delicious, the grits were spot-on, and I know that I will be returning. They are in the middle of construction right now, but the space is still very nice. Clean, sparse, modern while still being warm. The balcony that overlooks their Workshop is really nice, and also where we had linner one fine day.The waiter that we had was pleasant, friendly, and conversational. And of course, the food was great. I actually had one of Tom Douglas' biscuits for the first time at a Whiskey Throwdown, and as a result, I craved biscuits for a solid month, like a smoker going through withdrawal.I had the "crispy hamhock, collard greens with smoked onions" and I can still picture the hamhock, so tender that it was falling apart with each bite, the collard greens that were gently braised and the smoked onions studding the pile of southern-inspired deliciousness. And of course, no Southern treat is complete without a massive pile of grits, and they were seasoned perfectly.While the biscuit inevitably collapsed on me, it was still delicious, nonetheless.I am looking forward to the next time I can come back, of course, around 3PM.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,6/30/2014,83,219,6,8,6>Oh my goodness, one of the best and most innovative meals I've had in Seattle...and anywhere.  I came here for Valentine's day and had the set menu. I was told that it would be a four course meal over the phone, but they upped the game and made it a 5.5 course. Duck Heart Tartare, Chicharron, Egg Yolk Chive-A delicious little bite. More impressed with the other dishes, though that's because they were amazing.Potato Leek Veloute, Arugula, Crispy Oyster, Crème Friache, Caviar, Preserved Lemon Vin. --Can I have a gallon of this soup and everything in it? Every bite was magical and each individual ingredient stood out against the soup. I think the high quality of the ingredients really shone. Seared Foie Gras Pastrami, Caraway Brussels Slaw, Duck Broth, Mustard Soubis, Onion Jam, Celery Vin--The foie gras pastrami was to die for. I love that both sides of the foie gras was seared, it was a nice contrast to the super tenderness of the foie gras. The mustard soubis added an extra kick to the broth, but I found the slaw and broth to be a bit too salty. However, I can see how the saltiness contributed to the complexity of the foie gras.Cranberry Sorbet, Fennel Salad, Mitten Cider-Who knew these ingredients would jive so well together? I feel like each thing by itself would be good, but together, wow. Pork Belly and Octopus, Gingery Kale, Fried Rice Ball, Fermented Black Bean Puree, Chili Jam, Kim Chi Vin.--Ahhh, pork belly in my belly! I think my piece of pork belly was pure fat, but oh man, was it awesome. The fried rice ball evoked feelings like the comforts of home. I think one thing that would've made this better was adding a bit more greens.Chocolate Pate', Strawberries, Goat Cheese IC, Beet Puree, Candied Pistachios, Rockslamic Redux--I really liked the candied pistashios and the rock salt in the chocolate pate. The puree/redux paired really well with the chocolate.Location: It's right above Chiso around the corner. As others mentioned, it's strange to walk into an office building, but the restaurant is nicely decorated and tables are well-spaced apart. There was a very nice smoky smell throughout the restaurant the whole night! It was not a bad smokiness, more like can-I-have-some-of-that smokiness. It might drive you crazy if you came in hungry. ;)I want another special occasion/holiday as an excuse to eat here. President's Day is coming up I guess...
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,6/29/2014,811,361,13,33,21>After Space Tacos closed, it was a mystery what would open up next. Passing by, to my surprise the door was cracked open just a peek with enough light spilling out to make me stop. On the door, a handwritten note said, "SAMPLES". Of course I stopped to find out what this new place was all about and introduce myself!Heather greeted me very welcomingly and introduced all the food they would be serving on their menu. She gave me two heaping scoops of rice, beef bulgogi with soy sauce, glass noodles with vegetables, kimchi, eggrolls, and Korean pancakes. She showed me a sample of all the alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks they serve and told me about all the stews, soups, noodles, and ramen delights!The rice was made very well, and seasoned just right. The beef bulgogi and glass noodles complimented each other very well. I loved the texture of the vegetables in the Korean pancakes. The eggroll wasn't what you normally see with a deep fried outside; instead, it was almost like a omelet. Not only was it delicious, it wasn't deep fried!Heather also makes her own hot sauce and the kimchi is made fresh, daily! How about that! After talking to her for about 30 minutes (while stuffing my face with her homemade flavors that pop), I'm really excited Chili & Sesame is moving in and will be back for more eats and food porn!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,6/28/2014,64,115,4,7,5>Triumph is the first of what looks like several new restaurants in the the building at the NW corner of Seattle Center.  Remember where the old QFC was?  It's also where the monorail station would have been if it had been extended to West Seattle and Ballard, which sadly didn't happen.  Triumph is the perfect place for a cocktail or bite to eat before a show at the Rep or Intiman.   On my first visit, they were serving kumamoto oysters for $1 apiece for the entire month of January.  I couldn't resist, and enjoyed a Sriracha margarita with them.   On my next visit, we tried the Salmon pastrami, which came with house baked rye bread, pickles and mustard.  Beef Carpaccio was very tasty as well.  The service was good on both visits, although our waiter during the second visit was a little too over friendly, making sure we understood and liked each dish as it came out.  Not really a problem, though.  I'll definitely be back in the area and will visit Triumph again!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,6/27/2014,134,872,9,13,10>This is officially the best restaurant within walking distance of my pad. Had rezzies for 7 but ended up being seating 15min later; but they were very nice and apologetic about it. Little nibbles for bread and high quality olive oil held off the hunger. Fried oysters were very good, just the right amount of breading. Octopus salad was very good with a smoked flavor. But the real star was the Hawaiian blue prawns with polenta. The sauce was phenomenal with the right texture and consistency. Also, after having a sparse dinner at Sitka and Spruce, I was very pleased that Anchovies and Olives has good portions and I left the restaurant full and satisfied. As for the drinks: I really didn't care for the Cenerentola cocktail even though I thought I would enjoy a cherry-tasting drink with vodka. Their champagne-by-the-glass was excellent.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,6/26/2014,90,183,5,9,7>I looooove The Chocolate Box! I decided to kill time before a show by doing some chocolate and wine tasting. We sat in the back at the Chocolate Bar and a lovely older woman with short hair served us 3 selections of their reds paired with 3 chocolates. My husband & I took our time so we were able to chat with our bartender? chocolatier? server? and were delighted to discover how knowledgeable about chocolate she was! Tip: Don't say the H word...He*shey! After informing us on the brand, I'm definitely going to avoid Hershey's chocolate from now on...not that I was an avid fan to begin with...I prefer my local Theo's. The other employee, a younger woman with curly hair was super sweet and had us try a real Moscato d'Asti with white chocolate. Now...I don't normally like Moscato because it's too sweet and syrupy for me and I have never been a fan of white chocolate...but the two she gave us were absolutely spectacular that I had to buy both right on the spot. The Moscato was bubbly and not too sweet and the white chocolate was lemony pepper and just spot on with the Moscato. These ladies have superb tastes!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,6/25/2014,140,361,7,12,9>This theatre is 5/5 in all respects:Atmosphere: Sci-fi! I really love the aquatic colors and shapes of this retro-futuristic building, and they have an awesome display case with (rotating?) costumes from such superior films as Bladerunner, The Big Lebowski, and The Fifth Element. For a costume enthusiast such as myself, this in and of itself is nearly a reason to come.Showings: very good! Just saw Miyazaki's excellent film The Wind Rises here, and boy that animation looked great on the HUGE screen! They also invite you to complete a little ballot on the show after, which I assume is used to improve quality further. I do love surveys!Snax: they have chocolate popcorn?! I actually didn't eat this cause it sounds repulsive to me, but it smelled really good. A drink was $5 which is kind of absurd (yes I know I sound like a cranky old man) but this place is so dern cute I don't mind subsidizing it via food.Theatre: "SO COMFORTABLE!" First words out of my mouth when sinking into their lovely plush seats, with excellent reclining capability. My honey is built a little more solidly and I guess they weren't as roomy as he'd have liked, but that was not a concern for me. Did I mention the screen is HUGE? I also really love the velvet curtain in front of the screen - so fun to enjoy the big reveal before the show!In a word, charming.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,6/24/2014,24,117,6,6,7>Wow, you know you've come to the right place when there is non stop flow of people coming in and out to eat here and that's not including the rush of people either coming to pick up or placing take out orders! It was barely after 11am here today and this place was lively! There was only 1 lady at the moment taking care of the people in the restaurant portion and the restaurant was filling up! After reading most of the reviews, we decided to order the BBQ Combo, 1/4 Roasted Duck, BBQ Pork Fried Rice and Chicken Chow Foon. The things that really stood out for all of us here was the Chicken Chow Foon and the Roasted Pig. We actually ended up getting a separate order of just the Roasted Pig. The plum sauce was a nice accompaniment to balance the succulence of the Roasted Pig. This is a really decent place to get your BBQ fix and the prices are really reasonable! The Chicken Chow Foon noodles are pretty amazing! They are not your regular noodles, but quite thicker and slightly chewier but oh so delicious!Even tho there was only the one lady working the whole restaurant she seemed to handle it quite well. She had a nice rhythm to her chaos!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,6/23/2014,184,229,6,14,9>This place has amazing pies (both savory and sweet), amazing cocktails and drinks, and amazing staff!  We don't just like Pie Bar, we LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Pie Bar!  So much so that we came here twice within a 24 hour period!!!  I attribute the phenomenal success of Pie Bar to it's unusual concept and it's staff!  I quote the website:"Pie Bar = Pie + Booze.  It's a foodie addict's watering hole." 'Nuff said...Actually, no, there's a lot more to be said.  It's TINY!!!  You can sit up to 25-ish comfortably, maybe 35-ish if you really want to make awesome friends and have an up close and personal experience with the fellow patrons.  21 and over ONLY, it is a bar after all.  The actual pie menu is compact, by compact I mean 2-3 savory pies that have a weekly rotation, and 5 sweet pies, majority that have an almost daily rotation (the two constants are the Coconut Custard Pie and the Desserted Island Pie).  But it doesn't matter that the menu is small, ALL their pies are done deliciously well!  We've had the Chicken Alfredo pie with the arugula salad, the Apple Crumble, the Boysenberry Rhubarb, the Desserted Island, and the Chocolate Pecan pies, so far...  And we loved them all!!!   "Like" Pie Bar on Facebook for the up-to-date pie menu.We were there the nights that a film crew was there and they also had their first annual Pie Eating Contest (Peanut Butter Cream Pie)!!!  There were 3 contestants, 2 males and 1 female, we were rooting for "Doobie" appropriately dubbed by my friend, and he won (he was discovered by one of the owners, smoking...Yay! WA Initiative 502)!!! :) Don't be discouraged if you walk in and it's a full house.  The staff will take your number down and call when a spot comes available.  Also, for those who are not of legal drinking age, fear not, you can order the pies at their walk-up window at a discounted rate, this also applies to anyone who takes pie(s) to go!Once again, I blabbed my mouth off, but I can't help but share this wonderful little spot on Cap Hill.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2006,7/1/2006,54,193,1,4,3>One of the best meals to date!Prices are totally reasonable for the quality of food you are going to eat.  The wagyu beef cheek rissotto is amazing.  Salt cured Fois left you wanting more...and more!  I really can't say enough good things about this place.  It made me want to put on some checks again and start cooking again.  You can't go wrong here.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2006,6/30/2006,12,244,,8,3>Russell's is a new restaurant in Bothell, an offshoot of the excellent Lowell-Hunt catering company.  It has fantastic food at an odd location.  It's in Eastern Bothell, just East of 405, North of 522, South of Mill Creek.  For those of you who know it, it's in the old barn-type building near the Cingular Bothell campus.  Easy to find from Mapquest (true dat, double true).Now I've been in this building before it became Lowell's, and it was a run-of-the-mill lunch cafeteria.  They have done a lot with it, but still with the tile floors and no booths (just standard tables), to me it retains some of the old undesirable feel.  It's nice, and they've made upgrades, don't get me wrong, and perhaps if you haven't ever been there before you'd not have noticed.But let's talk about the food.  It's truly fantastic.  Our salads were both excellent and unusual, the filet with bleu cheese was excellent, as good as Daniel's, and ditto on the pan-roasted rosemary garlic chicken.  Both meats had plentiful wonderful sauces/gravies.  The vegetables were cooked to perfection as well.  The dessert didn't impress me but I thought it was good quality, just not my cup of tea.Service was pleasant, knowledgeable and efficient.And the prices!  I could not believe how affordable it was.  Our bill was $74 before tip, though to be fair we didn't have any drinks.  But still I can't think of any better (or equal) food value in this quality range.  You just cannot get that quality of meat anywhere.  The filet was 2" tall, and I could have cut it with a butter knife, even cooked at medium.Lastly, parking was easy because the place is empty.  If you need a last minute reservation somewhere and can't find it, this might be your ticket.  There were only 4 tables full at 8pm on a Friday night.  Hopefully that will change because I'd like them to stay open!To sum up, if it were just food and prices, we'd have a 5-star here.  The ambiance takes it down a notch.  But maybe that's just me.  Can't wait to read another review.---4-month update.  We just went in tonight (Friday in October) and were really looking forward to it.  Plus I read James' review which made me even more excited!Unfortunately it wasn't quite as good as before, for 2 main reasons.  One, the pace was too slow.  For our 7:15 reservation we were seated at 7:22, and didn't get our appetizer until 8:00.  They apologized, saying it was "slammed," though looking around the restaurant was only about 3/4 full.  I guess compared to the last time we were there that is slammed!The other thing is that the food just wasn't quite as good as before.  I think the main reason for this was that most dishes had overly strong flavors.  We ordered mostly the same food as last time we were here, but found the salad dressings to be a little too strong, and the bleu cheese on the tenderloin to be overpowering.  Overall it wasn't bad, but not as good as we remembered.The service was friendly and the prices still reasonable -- we really want to like this restaurant.  I still think it's a neat place, and we'll give it one more try at least.  Maybe tonight was just an off night.  If the previous night was a 4.5 star night, tonight was a 3-star night.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2006,6/29/2006,19,43,,6,3>I have been here twice, once in the dining room with a male friend for dinner, and once with two of my girlfriends in the lounge, for a going away nosh fest.  The only reason I'm not giving this place five stars is because it doesn't have the waterfrong views of the Seattle location.  The food and the drinks are out of this world, and the service is excellent.  Everyone, from the moment they open the doors for you to the moment you leave, is there to make sure that your experience is a positive one.What can I say, I like a stiff drink and this place delivers.  I've tasted the lemon quencher as well as the watermelon drop martini, and these are AMAZING!!!  They're strong, but not too strong, and make sure to check out their bar menu for their seven days of drinking.  Every day of the week they have a different cocktail as a special.The food is really, really good for the price that you pay.  The first time I came here I got the baja tacos and they were absolutely delish!  The fish was fried perfectly, not too greasy and not overcooked, and the filling as well as the sauce added an overall wonderful taste pleasing to my buds.  The second time I had the chicken quesadilla.  YUM!!!  The pesto complemented the seasoned chicken beautifully, and the amount of cheese was perfect.  The dipping sauces were not too oily, overall an amazing choice of food.Joey's is a scene place, but it IS Bellevue.  The food and the drinks are great and it's a wonderful place to unwind with your friends after putting in the 8 hours working for the man.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2006,6/28/2006,375,136,4,6,3>The neighborhood of Magnolia is home to a great family owned greek place called Niko's Gyros. My advice for a sunny day (yes, a sunny seattle day. not as rare as you would like us out-of-towners to believe, huh?) is to get a chicken gyro to go and take it to nearby Magnolia Park. Then enjoy your gyro while watching the sail boats in Elliot Bay. Trust me, afterwards, you'll be on Yelp writing a glowing review too...
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2006,6/27/2006,83,61,2,6,2>Dr. Ryan has just opened his new, state-of-the-art dental office (if you can even conceive of such a thing) in Lower Queen Anne, and it's worth a visit for the tour alone even if you don't make an appointment. They've reorganized the traditional dentist office in an attempt to take full advantage of 21st Century technology, both dental care-wise and office management-wise. Their record keeping system is virtually paperless and designed with patient privacy/confidentiality in mind. I know what you're thinking: "Why should I worry about keeping how many fillings I have confidential?" But it is a medical office after all, and even if you haven't marked "addicted to phen-phen" or "explosive diarrhea" on your medical history, it's good to see the medical profession utilizing computer efficiencies (in addition to the paperless office, they offer "no-waiting" email, text messaging, or phone calls to remind you of appointments and let you know beforehand if Dr. Ryan is running late) while seriously addressing the attendant security concerns.As I mentioned, they're also very proud of their collection of the latest dental gadgets, but since I'm not a dental gadget fetishist I won't pretend to know what they are or even if they're any good. All I can speak to is Dr. Ryan's casual professionalism. He's very into letting you know what's going on, which includes a serious two-way discussion about what your options are as well as digital cameras so he can show you live pics of what he's talking about, or you can watch while he picks that bit of last night's pizza from between your molars. He also emphasizes patient comfort and convenience, such as offering a "personal comfort" basket (hot towels!), and if you'd rather watch "Marathon Man" or "Little Shop of Horrors" instead of eyeing that drill bit get as it gets closer and closer and closer... well, I'm not sure what their movie selection is, but if you bring it you can watch it instead.I've only been once, but I have a long and sordid history with dentists and I was pretty impressed. I have to go back next week for a follow-up, so this may be subject to edits.UPDATE: I should warn you that the digital cameras & video are not set up yet -- reportedly the usual delays involved with contractors and setting up a new office. I also haven't used the "no waiting" message system. So those two things are strictly hearsay, based on what they told me; but everything else is first-hand, and still holds true after the follow-up. I'll add that they were very good about emailing and calling for appointment reminders. If you're okay with having them email your bill/rcpt/treatment plan (as pdf, but still unencrypted) then they will; if not they'll happily print it out for you.UPDATED UPDATE: The video is now up and running, but they're still working on a secure paperless billing system. And they have a new website!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2006,6/26/2006,134,370,2,4,2>My friends and I stopped in Seattle on a cross-country road trip and had dinner at the Flying Fish partially as a celebration of making it all the way across and partially as a goodbye dinner - one of the girls had to fly home the next day. We picked it entirely by walking by, saying hmm this looks good and going in. I got a pan-seared tuna dish which was fantastic and extra fresh. The three of us shared a reisling reccomended by our waitress which we ended up ordering a second bottle of, it was so good. But the real climax of the evening came at dessert. We all shared the grappa brownie. It was almost a soufflee, gooey and rich but not heavy. I don't know if they still serve this but dear jesus if they do, immediately go and order one. It should be an indication that, a year later, I am still raving about the damn thing. Stellar.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2006,6/24/2006,76,260,5,5,4>Ah yes...My coffee home away from home.Every time I head through Seattle I try to stop by Sureshot. Come on, it is rad. The coffee is good (great depending on how long I've been drinking shitty coffee on the road). Grab a latte after driving all night. Take advantage of some free internet. I love this place... The vibe suits me just right. Shoot, I love Seattle.By far my favorite coffee in Seattle.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2006,6/23/2006,4,19,3,4,3>Oh, Daly's, for but what sweet halibut thou serveth; fried in batter with heavenly chips and custom milk-shake! How I salivate to ponder that I once tasted your sweet, flaky decadence. Daly's is good eatin's. Try the halibut fish & chips or the salmon burger. Both great, along with the real ice cream/fruit milkshakes. They also get extra points for having a full wall of old Far Side and Dilbert comix to keep you entertained whilst waiting to order, as well as a good 3-4 pinball machines and (not sure anymore, but used to have an old-timey jukebox).
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2006,6/21/2006,5,27,2,6,4>Quiet possibly the best "burger joint" in town. Order by filling out a burger checklist and add things like sauteed mushrooms, onions, pickles, pepper jack cheese, swiss cheese, curly fries, steak fries, onion rings, salmon patty, beef patty, garden patty (the list goes on and on) The possibilities for creating your dream burger here are endless. Be ready to walk out of A Burger Place a couple pounds heavier, cause the food is real-deal junk food.. but it is oh so good. Bonus points for the flat screen TV in the dinning area, all that's missing is couches and beer.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2006,6/20/2006,59,142,8,7,6>Okay, I'll be 47 in August and I'm fine with that. I'm fine with growing hair where I couldn't before, namely, my face, and losing hair where I don't want to, namely, my scalp. This is all because from birth, I was lucky enough to inherit my dad's impending "wide part", I'm fine with that, you understand. I figure it as a sort of "right of passage" into adulthood, the mark of a seasoned urban warrior, and definitely, cheaper and less frequent hair appointments, blah, blah, blah! More importantly, this sheen where my hair used to be represents a lot of great memories, like; when I first heard Roy Orbison's Pretty Woman in the back of a 59 Chevy on the way to Ocean Shores with my family in 1962 (Yeah, I remember some things about being 3), or being tied up to a chair and gagged by my older siblings so they (and consequently I) could watch the Beatles on the Ed Sullivan Show in peace.  Not to mention, all of the great Motown and British Invasion hits I heard over transistor radios and the big 1940s console in my brother's room. Well,  thanks to KBSG, I can relive those great pre-hair loss memories (I'm fine with it), of growing up with music from The Supremes, Aretha Franklin, The Stones, long before they got on the jowly side, and many more. Yes, KBSG is the main musical connection to my childhood whenever I'm on the road listening to the radio. Oh, oh, pretty woman!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,1/4/2013,713,559,13,26,18>"The Mariners are going to play for the American League Championship...it just continues...My oh My!!!"You can almost hear this famous declaration as you walk in to 95 Slide which resides in the space that was previously occupied by HG Lodge, the War Room, and other various nightclub incarnations. The owners of HG Lodge decided to throw a curve ball at Capitol Hill fans by bringing in a relief pitcher (actually lots of pitchers full of beer) and redefining a space that had been an icon of nightlife on the Hill.With a classic sports bar themed decor and large flat screens pretty much everywhere, this looks to be one of the go to spots for catching a game not just in the neighborhood, but for sports fans all around Seattle. This place was designed as a destination with local sports in the starting lineup, a roster full of all star menu items, and a full bar along with plenty of beers on tap. Come in to watch a game, have dinner, or enjoy a drink after work and you will hit a home run every time. Hopefully you will leave with a smile on your face as big as the one Griffey had at the bottom of the pile of Mariners on that fateful day in 1995.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/3/2013,120,67,8,13,9>Ah-ooga! Ah-ooga! Dive! Dive!Visiting this place almost makes me want to go back underwater, for several months, in confined spaces, with little privacy, and sleep-deprived. Almost.The Naval Undersea Museum is an awesome (and free) introduction to the history, science, and operations of US Navy submarines and the lives of the sailors who operate them. Due to the secretive nature of submarine operations, few people outside of the military completely understand the role that submarines play in world affairs. And its a lot more extensive than one would initially think. The museum does a good job in introducing visitors to submarines and providing some insight into their numerous and varied operations.They even have a few real submarines on display, including the deep-submergence vessel, Trieste II, which was involved in super-secret CIA missions. Cool stuff!If you happen to be in the area and have a a few hours to spare, be sure to check this place out!They are closed on Tuesdays from October to May.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/2/2013,116,49,13,17,11>Welcome to the only reason I regret moving out of Renton.At one point, I was five minutes from this restaurant. Now I'll be happy if it takes me 20.This is the type of family restaurant that seemingly has same page involvement that will have you wondering what their service strategy so you can spread it around for the betterment of another lacking company. Seriously, Happy At The Bay (#35, I believe) just gets it right. Thing is, not all HATB's do. I have been to a few and the taste is significantly different at each one. It's like you're buying the name versus the taste it's known for. It's very difficult to distinguish yourself as a tastily-considered teriyaki spot without being lost in a sea of other bland styles surviving off sheer hunger madness. Because that's what it is, you know. You get teriyaki generally for one of three reasons: 1. It's close by. If you don't have a teriyaki joint within minutes of your residence in Washington...move. And then slap yourself for not letting that be one of your qualifying questions to your realtor. 2. You're in the mood for it. Blame it on the science of the Japanese to service that proper part of our brain to enable our mouths to water at the thought of...teriyaki? I guess. 3. It's relatively cheap. I mean, it's not dollar menu cheap but for what you get, I imagine you'll feel better spending $6-8 and not needing to make porcelain sacrifices soon after.What's absolute greatness about this place are two of the most important things: the food and the service. I'll touch on both, of course.This is a place, like I said, that just gets it right. Their customer service is out of this world to me. I can step away for months and be recognized the moment I walk back in. They know what I want, know what I'm in the mood for. The kitchen staff remembers you if you come in enough too. Thing is, I've never interacted with them. Their stalker-tendencies are appreciated. I think they have weekly meetings before opening with pictures and names and test everyone on the regulars."This is Dalin. He works here. He usually comes around this time. He orders these. Pays with this. Last week he was promoted to Awesome at work."Yea, I could see it.I'm pretty easy-going when it comes to customer service: just have some. HATB Renton has it in droves. Always smiling, they know their menu, have great rapport with their kitchen, and just try to consider you in every aspect they can. It's good stuff. They're on par with Nordstrom's. and I only say Nordstrom's because they refunded a guy a freaking tire once according to retail legend. I mean, they ask me things about me at this restaurant that even I forgot to ask me about. I find the food to be just as good as their service. What places it above is not necessarily just the taste. It's the fact that I can give them an order with Starbucks-like complication and they'll do their absolute best to suit my needs. And by absolute best I mean they have never failed me. The meats are well-cut and prepared (so is the tofu if that's what you're jibing with). The flavoring, sauce aside, makes it ok if you happen to take a marinade-less bite; But like I have said in a previous teriyaki review, it's all about the sauce. More than the chicken it's about the sauce (unless we are dealing with katsu and then we're dealing more with the chicken. Speaking of which, I have never had an over-fried and jawbreaker-status crunchy piece when I ordered here). They have daily specials and also a Happy Special, which consists of teriyaki, general Tsao's chicken, an egg roll, and rice (brown too if you're in the mood). This is a rather delicious combination that makes up for many teriyaki specials everywhere.  But this teriyaki sauce though...because I know that's a huge selling point. Hmm, how to describe without using words you may use for other sauces and still make this place sound unique... Hmmm...Remember at the end of Rocky and all he wanted to see was Adrian because she was his pride and joy more than the boxing? Remember when Neo realized he was The One, looked up at the Agents, said, "No," with conviction and determination and stopped bullets?! Remember when Simba and Nala hit that point in their 3 minute music video "Can You Feel The Love Tonight" romance and realized they were the ones for each other?That's what their food tastes like. Pride and joy, stopping bullets, and romance...in your mouth. Now I know that sets the bar pretty high, but I stand behind this establishment as full supporters of their craft, superior customer service, and teriyaki justice for all.Go to HATB-Renton if you are done with bland teriykai and customer service to match. Oh, and if you're down with supporting pure deliciousness. Don't go to HATB-Renton if you feel like torturing yourself. Because that's what you'll be doing. So don't. It's a waste of time.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,1/1/2013,109,455,12,12,10>Creme brulee cheesecake.Let me say that again: creme brulee cheesecake.  In the ranking of desserts, cheesecake reigns supreme with creme brulee and other custards coming in second.  A marriage of the two?  Heaven, pure heaven.  It doesn't taste like cheesecake with creme brulee toppings or creme brulee with a cheesecake consistency, it truly tastes like the perfect blend of what a creme brulee cheesecake should taste like.  We ordered two slices to share between three people and I was regretting not ordering my own!Overall, the food here is excellent and seems to be true Italian or as much as is possible a continent away.  The lemon chicken is divine, although the gnocchi I had last time was also quite good.  Bread baskets are common at Italian restaurants and often seem like an afterthought with unpleasant, chewy, flavorless white bread.  Not here.  Their bread is excellent and in fact is the reason that my sister chose this place for her birthday dinner.Prices are not cheap, but for high-quality Italian food they are more than reasonable and the cocktails are a great value. The place is family-run, or at least gives off that vibe with il padrone welcoming guests into his home - I mean restaurant - which is decorated with scenes from the Sistine Chapel and photographs of Venice and other Italian locales.  Don't be fooled by the simple strip mall veneer outside - this is quality food, friendly service, and did I mention the incredibly awesome creme brulee cheesecake!?!?!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,12/29/2012,325,469,8,11,8>Hawaiian food is something I absolutely love but oh so rarely have. Kahlua Pig and Cabbage with a huge pile of rice? Perfect dinner year round! Loco Moco? Epic breakfast food (especially when hungover)! Unfortunately Seattle has a  serious lack of Hawaiian restaurants. Thankfully, Kona is conveniently located (to me at least) and is the best Hawaiian food I've had on the mainland! The atmosphere is quaint and casual, their food portions are huge, and their drinks are tasty (strong and cheap). While I've greatly enjoyed their chicken fried steak, katsus, and Mochiko Chicken, I'm not sure why anyone in their right mind would order anything but the Kahlua Pig! It's so succulent, tender, and has the occasional crispy bits of skin. The saltiness and other seasonings bring out the flavor of the pork. It doesn't hurt that the portion is huge! I'm a big eater but I almost always have leftovers. It also is important to note that they have the best mac salad I've ever had! I'm not sure how they manage to make it so perfect, but it is divine, and a meal without a scoop of it is incomplete. Best of all, one can get a strong tropical drink to wash down the delicious food. Their Mai Tais are boozy, fruity, and fun. If you want to stick with a more standard drink, you won't be disappointed. Their pours are generous and cheap. You can't go wrong with cheap booze, can you? Be sure to check out Kona Kitchen! It won't disappoint!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,12/28/2012,123,455,5,9,5>Who knew that some of the best sushi in Seattle isn't even in Seattle. This place is smoking busy on a saturday night but the service and quality are outstanding. A lot of  great sushi joints fail miserably in the service department with forgotten orders and long delays, the staff here is on it. The food is also great. We started with 45.00 worth of omakasse that brought about 10 pairs of nigiri which were all impeccably fresh. You should be clear that omakasse in this place means nigiri and not multiple courses. We ended up not having enough so we also ordered Agadashi Tofu, a White Tiger roll, tempura and a croquete filled with crab and cream cheese. All were good. I liked the Tempura, my wife didn't which is actually pretty much how it goes. The Agadashi was good with a nice creamy texture and a delicate broth.Great place. Really great place to go after seeing a movie at South Center.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,12/27/2012,296,361,16,12,12>Oh man.  A Beechers at SeaTac?  This could be dangerous.  If you are a cheese addict and are 12-stepping your dependence, avoid Terminal C.  You will probably be thinking to yourself "...hum our expense account policy allows $15 for lunch and $25 for dinner ... I wonder if I should spend all that on the Flagship Cheddar and have them split it up on two receipts."  You know who you are.This store has all the incredibly good Beecher's selection.  Also has a nice Cafe.  That's all you need to know.  Its good, real good.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,12/26/2012,168,890,4,13,5>I am in love with this place. Like, really, truly, ready to have a love affair. I've been wanting to try this place for FOREVER at lunch because I read that it was less expensive...but couldn't get my act together and finally decided to come for dinner. I came from a volunteer event and was wearing a T-shirt and khakis and surprisingly felt underdressed. I know this is a nicer place but given that it is located next to Target and Nordstrom Rack, didn't anticipate this. So you come in, sit down, go to the salad bar, and men with giant sticks of meat come around if your little table plaque says that you want to be served MEAT. You also have the option to put it on the side that says something along the lines of STOP. As a first-timer, I made the mistake of filling up on the salad bar before the meat started coming around. The salad bar was stocked high with carbs and veggies - and I got a massive plate full.of potatoes, pasta salad, pickled vegetables, and other goodies. It was awesome. The server also brings around a few side plates which for us included polenta fries, garlic mashed potatoes, and fried bananas. They were all awesome but my favorite was the polenta fries.The meat started coming around on sticks and we saw varieties such as bacon wrapped chicken, bacon wrapped steak, filet mignon, pork spare ribs, Brazilian sausage...the list goes on. After trying 4 or 5 kinds, I had to call it quits. I wished I could have kept going...but it just wasn't going to happen.About $120 for 2 meals and a glass of wine, it was definitely pricey...but totally worth it for a special occasion or for a fun meal out with friends.Definitely a new favorite!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,12/25/2012,149,196,7,7,5>I have a long-haired shiba inu. His fur length varies depending on which area you're looking. Basically he's just shaggy and in need of some grooming especially when it's 80 degrees out.I called Amore on a Friday morning after calling many other places hoping to get his first full "spa" experience on his 3rd birthday. Amore was the only place that could accommodate on such short notice and was able to squeeze him in the same day. I dropped Koji off at noon and got a call at 3:30 that he was ready. Fur trimmed, nails clipped and bathed to a fluff! They did such a great job, I essentially dropped off a hobo and went home with Brad Pitt (if Brad Pitt was a shiba inu). Yup, Amore is THAT good.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/24/2012,205,135,4,13,6>Perfection Nails lives to its namesake!  I got a great pedicure here for only $20!  Here are some highlights that make this place stand out.- excellent attention to detail and gentle touch- sugar scrub- HOT STONE massage.  Hello?!- excellent selection of OPI nail colors (plus other brands).  - flat screen tv for entertainment during your pedicure- fabulous service with no up-sells.- convenient location with plenty of street parking in front (who knew?).- good english abilities makes for easy communication.The one negative is that they only have two pedicure chairs, which makes drop-ins difficult.Thanks for the perfect nails.  I've already gotten comments!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/10/2005,2/24/2006,105,713,,2,2>Excellent variety of beer served with average food.  I would recommend eating elsewhere and stopping in for a pint.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2005,2/18/2006,3,6,4,,1>Once I went into this place pretty late at night and I ordered some sweet cream with peanut butter cups mixed in.  When I was supposed to pay the girl behind the counter said "Don't worry about it."  And I sort of froze because I didn't understand so she explained it to me.  "All the guys who work here give free ice cream to cute girls who come in, so it's my turn to give a free ice cream to a cute guy.  Now get out of here before I make you pay."  The weird thing was she wasn't even saying it in a flirty way or anything.  She wasn't happy and she wanted me out of there stat.  Still, the only thing better than a free ice cream with an ego boost "mix"ed in would be if people didn't get so angry with me for being very handsome.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2006,2/17/2006,2,78,,4,3>You don't need to spend $60 on dinner at The Melting Pot.  You don't need a cheese course, a main course, a salad and dessert; it's too much food.  I always go with my two college roommates, and we split either a main course or a cheese course, followed by a shared dessert.  For the cheese course at least, the bread and fruit for dipping are replenished to your heart's content, so we always walk away full, each paying about  $13 for food, plus a drink from the bar if we choose, plus tip.The fondue exprience is fun, of course, and a great way to break the ice with new people.  The restaurant has a classy come-here-after-the-ballet feel to it.  The food itself is great; as no-fuss and casual as fondue can be, The Melting Pot turns it into a "happy anniversary, honey" experience.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2006,2/16/2006,25,70,,1,2>Having spent more than enough time searching for the exit in some of this country's dirtiest live music venues, I can't tell you how glad I am to find places like the Croc along the way.I've been here several times for gigs, most recently for the Harvey Danger pre-release party for the last album in the fall.  Yes, I'm that guy.It's got two sides to it, one is the venue and the other is a sit-and-chat refuge from the heat or lousy opening band.  Not that I'm a snob, but... well... we've all been there.I'd definitely recommend this as a 'show up and see who's playing venue' especially on weekends, it'll rarely steer you into anything that you won't at least not-hate (yes, I went there grammatically). Worst case scenario you drop $10 and you can come back to tell me the hilarious tales.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2006,2/15/2006,33,87,21,1,2>I DON'T EVEN EAT CHICKEN AND I LOVE THIS PLACEWHY AM I SHOUTING
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2006,2/14/2006,40,132,3,3,1>Both preexisting reviews recommend not "meeting the man" ("the man" is their hot sauce).  I half disagree.  I think that the barbeque by itself is good, for sure, but as one reviewer said it's not outstanding.  Dixies is hyped BECAUSE of "the man"; that's one of the things that sets Dixies apart from every barbeque place I've ever been (including a number in Louisiana).  It's true, if you don't have a spice tolerance, don't touch it.  This isn't even comparable to, say, "five star" spices at a Thai restaraunt.  I have a very high spice tolerance and I've found myself crying in agony, drooling over myself and pacing in circles while biting my tongue trying to distract myself from the pain.  For reals.  My point: if you're one of those people that goes around saying that "Seattle doesn't know what hot is" then you obviously haven't been to Dixies.  If you like spicy hot food, this is a must.One recommendation: put your ego aside.  Don't mock Gene (the owner, who dispenses "The Man").  Don't play up your spice tolerance.  Don't be macho.  Really.  I've done this.  And it hurt -- even more than your endorphines can compensate for.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2006,2/13/2006,174,66,,4,5>Don't take me for someone who frequents these places - but I just have to say that this adult toy store is pretty amazing. Not only do they have a HUGE collection of porn - gay, straight and beyond - but they have an even more impressive array of toys. They've got dildos the size of your arm and almost everything in the store comes in a spectrum of flavors. Of course, campy sex is an expensive and often over-priced endeavor...
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2006,2/12/2006,74,75,3,4,3>Is this place expensive? Heck, yeah! Is it worth your last penny? Definitely! Take it from a girl who ABHORED the gym prior to discovering Pro Sports Club. I think I may have clinical gymitis, in fact. After a lengthy illness, however, I needed a personal trainer to help me get back into proper functioning. A friend of mine brought me to the Club insisting that I would "love it." I scoffed at her silly suggestions and gave her my standard anti-gym rigamarole. I was so wrong.Go there because: You never have to wait for a machine, you can exercise in the dark if you want to, you don't have to sweat it to the oldies for passerby at the window, everything is state of the art, it's BEYOND sterile, there's everything that you could imagine and MORE there.Go there because Bill Gates thinks it's good enough to include as a benefit for all of his employees - and you KNOW that Microsofties get good swag.Go there because if you're feeling especially lazy you can just chill out in the locker rooms and not feel like you're ... in  a locker room.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2006,2/8/2006,438,688,1,2,3>The only music event I attend regularly is Flammable, Sunday nights at Rebar. It's the longest running house music night in Seattle for a reason - the crowd is awesome. It's a mixed crowd... some queer, some just queer-friendly. The sign on the door reads: if you are racist, sexist, homophobic, or an asshole: please do not come in! Surprisingly, the crowd actually adheres to that policy... I've never been hassled by an obnoxious person at Rebar, but I have met some really cool people there. I've been going pretty much every weekend for ... 4 years? I can barely even remember a time pre-Rebar. I drag everyone I like there.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2005,2/3/2006,60,614,5,1,1>The Haupia (coconut) Cake is sensuous enough to make you want to smear it all over your body.  Light and rich, you will be the hit of the party when you bring this delightful dessert.  No one will care that it has a hundred million calories. The Pineapple Upside-Down Cake is a close second for deliciousness.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,3/27/2008,126,236,34,16,18>OH... MY...GOD....that tree looks great.  Holy shit, this plant over here is even better it smells...it smells...just like this plant over by this tree.  Oh is that a dog?  I'm gonna go sni...nope it snapped at me. Oh oh oh but this dog yeah this dog is great.  This is my best friend we are soul mates we are going to run and run and play forever except now I need to go over here and check on this other tree.  Seems like there is something happening over here.  HOLY F(&% SH%#% they have water here? Something tells me I shouldnt...IM GOING IN.  THis is great i love water now I'll go jump on everyone.  This has been a window into the mind of my dog when we go to this park.  For her it is Disneyland on crack or maybe its like going to Disneyland on crack!?  At any rate she loves it. Happy dog = Happy me.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,3/26/2008,21,36,30,8,18>Whoa, this gym attracts whiney reviews like moths to the light.  Alright, we're gonna need to hunker down and do a Pros/Cons list.  What say you we do it South American-political-renegade style?Che Guevera's:1. The locacion es IDEALE.2. es muy economico3. They have a saltwater piscina, hot-tub, sauna and el bano de steamo4. mucho mucho machinos.5. Huge variedad of equipment (including the legendary Commercial stairmaster, a revolving treadmill of steps!)6. Muy bueno trainers; our old one let me and Nick get away with double-training together7. They are about to instalar new state-of-the-art TVs8. um, HELLO, they are open 24 horas a day.Hugo Chavez's:1. It's a burgeoning retail chain, which means el desperado sales staff.  Just go in there knowing more or less what you want.  These people are only trying to make a living.2. The Women's bano is disgusting3. Si, it's crowded after work but isn't that better than being depressingly deserted like Gold's??  You NEED the excitement, it's the gym.Hmmm...let's see...ocho to tres......Viva Che!!Disclaimer: I do not endorse guerilla warfare and I do not speak Spanish. Gracias.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2007,3/24/2008,1574,1166,72,46,39>I'm not wearing any pants!!!Is not what I want to hear when I'm surrounded by strangers. So, it's nice that Banya 5 allows you to do the traditional bath house thing without making your walk around nekkid. Here's how it works:1. Get undressed. But not all the way undressed there tiger. Just put on a swim suit. 2. Wander into the main room and over to the "drench showers" which are the kinds of things you see in science labs. (now you will want to pull them all the time in science labs) Grab the handle and drench yourself! 3. Now that you look like a drowned rat with your hair all tangled and your leftover mascara (that you swore you removed all of) dripping down your face - head over to the steam room and breathe in the eucalyptus until you can't take it anymore. 4. Haul your sweaty self over to the tepid salt pool to restore the salt that left your body in the steam room. 5. Abandon good sense and walk into the dry sauna room where you can sit like a lizard soaking up the heat, that should, in theory, kill you. 6. Leave this room when one of two things happen    6a. Your tongue swells up like a dry balloon. (which is only fun to waggle around and say weird words for a few minutes)   6b. Your ponytail drips water onto the rocks and you scald yourself. No one wants to hear your screaming. 7. Immediately ***without thinking*** plunge yourself into the icy waters of the coldest fuc@#$%#^GD*@#$it tub you've ever been plunged into!!! AAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!8. Apologize to everyone about the screaming. 9. Sit in the normal hot tub. 10. Go next door for a shot of medicinal vodka and try not to picture any of your tub mates naked.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,3/23/2008,422,220,24,19,23>*Melody: Handel's Messiah*Hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujahHallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujahFor my thirst only one place is my homeHallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujahFor my drunken hunger is the 5-poin'Hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujahFor the meatloaf is so freakin' awesomeHallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujahHallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujahHallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah Hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah For the reuben makes me salivate(Hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah)Hallelujah The charm of this place;is become the heaven of the drunks,and of His pintand of His pint And I shall reign with a pitcherAnd I shall reign with a pitcherAnd I shall reign with a pitcherAnd I shall reign with a pitcherBeer of beers forever and ever hallelujah hallelujahand booze of booze forever and ever hallelujah hallelujahBeer of beers forever and ever hallelujah hallelujahand booze of booze forever and ever hallelujah hallelujahBeer of beers forever and ever hallelujah hallelujahand booze of booze forever and ever hallelujah hallelujahBeer of beers and booze of boozeAnd beer shall reignAnd beer shall reignAnd beer shall reignBeer shall reignAnd beer shall reign forever and everBeer of beers forever and everand pints of pints hallelujah hallelujahAnd beer shall reign forever and everBeer of beers and booze of boozeBeer of beers and booze of boozeAnd beer shall reign forever and everForever and ever and ever and ever Hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujahHallelujah
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,3/20/2008,173,265,20,15,22>I took one of my best friends here last week while he was visiting from Spokane.  Told him, "Enjoy this bowling.  Who knows where we'll have to go to bowl next time."  Got a pitcher of Pabst then a pitcher of Hefeweizen.  Bowled two games and got over 100 each time, which for me is a cause to celebrate with rowdy fist pumping and an attempt at dancing in the worst dancing shoes known to man.They're demolishing a bowling alley to make way for MORE CONDOS?!  Are they Nazis?  Nope, they're fuckin' nihilists! Say what you like about the tenets of National Socialism, at least it's an ethos.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2007,3/19/2008,63,353,7,8,6>Reasonably priced top shelf drinks, ahoy.Good selection of pinball games, maintained by the Shorty's gurus.Free:   peanuts, water, parking.  Random conversation probability:  highThis place is a bit on the moon, but when you want to kick back, drink cheaply and play pinball, it might fit the bill.  Perhaps an I-5 detour will have you darkening their door.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2007,3/18/2008,15,86,19,9,14>Screw you, shitty, dated, impersonal "public" art that I'm not supposed to touch.  You are cold and thoughtless and will inevitably be touched by wind, rain and bird droppings and climbed by children and hippies anyway, so shut up.  Have you noticed that everyone mentions how nice the park is but asks "Is that it?" about the sculptures? That's because the art is boring, challenges nothing, and cost a bajillion dollars.Screw you, lazy landscaping.  You don't provide any shade, privacy, or magic.  You hold no intimacy or comfort.Screw you, SAM yuppies, wanting to shut down Hempfest.  I don't particularly like it either, but pull the stick out of your ass.  Don't pretend like you don't smoke pot. Screw you, security guards trying to anally regulate how everyday people use green spaces ostensibly designed for them.On the other hand, I like the walk and the view (which is gorgeous enough to add two stars to this review).  I will return, but I'm holding a grudge.  A multi-million dollar park should encourage beauty, not nervously underline weird top-down rules and regulations.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,3/17/2008,153,353,14,13,12>As a testament to the colossal power and reach of Yelp, all of my experiences at Neumo's have been intertwined with its icy yet loving embrace, making this a fitting centennial for our whirlwind relationship.I did not come here willingly. After having lived in Seattle for over 3 years, my first visits were for indie rock shows my ex wanted to see.Great reasonably intimate venue for show (especially when the dividers keeping the drinking crowd away from the front of the stage are present) but hell is it loud in there.Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me... for not bringing earplugs, seriously.The last visit was my inaugural solo Yelp event, when we headed over for the Stranger's Valentine's Day Bash, a reclaiming celebration of broken hearts and shattered dreams.For this visit, the main floor was pretty much completely full as well as the seating and standing room in the upstairs area, and the venue worked equally well when audience participation was required and the event was not secretly sponsored by the hearing aid industry.Hedging disclosure: I may or may not have had Dan Savage destroy a slow cooker on my behalf with a sledgehammer to the delight of the audience, which may or may not have influenced my experience of the entire night and biased this review. There may or may not have been witnesses who took pictures and video to prove it, and I may or may not have had my infamy cemented by having been approached by at least one person not present referring to me as "the crock pot guy."The lesson here is that like glass shrapnel from a cookware lid, even if you don't look for it, Neumo's will find its way into your life, so better it be on your terms; check out the convenient schedule at neumos.com and go see a show.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2008,3/16/2008,114,68,18,16,17>I've reached that age. My friends are breeding like gerbils. Everywhere I step, out shoots a new life! It's mayhem. Not one to sit on the sidelines, I have gotten busy myself.No! Shopping.Where do I go to provide for my gaggle of rodents? Mimi Rose, that's where!Mimi Rose is a small but substantial indie baby/kids shop on Phinney. I wandered in a year ago and became hooked on the quality and character of the handmade blankets, toys, room decor, and books.  Crackerjack items I've purchased there:--mama and baby sock monkeys--baby hepcat bowling shirt--sushi bib--robot bucket --outer space growth chart--vintage print blankie--global kids gift bag--a range of distinctive children's books--bizarre-fab greeting cards with antique drawings of babies playing instruments and sprouting from potsIf you too are in the market for winsome goods for tots, Mimi Rose is your spot. Just don't buy up all the pull-along snails. I have a baby shower this weekend.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2008,3/14/2008,188,480,17,12,11>I'm eating the French Toast bagel right now, and it is amazing. Before I knew what flavor it was I was calling it Angel from Heaven. I'm not in the habit of giving my food cutesy names so you better believe this bagel was special. Bravo!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,10/29/2013,112,562,,5,5>I don't get to this neighborhood much, but perhaps I should start making an exception. This was a great stop off for lunch and a beer on a nice Washington sunny day. I love that they have an outdoor patio where you can soak up some sun. Looks like they do a weekly trivia and are participating in beer week this year as well, it has some shaded areas too for non sun lovers. I appreciate all the posters they have lining the walls about upcoming community activities to keep me occupied while I wait for the bathroom. I have decided I am in love with the garlic caper dressing and am certain I want to put it on all of my food in the future. Of course garlic and capers are two of my favorite flavors so this may not be for everyone, but truly it is quite good. I debated ordering extra food just so I could have some more dressing on it. I loved the variety of the menu, lots of different options from salad, to pizza, to burgers, to appetizers. My friend is in love with their black beans and could not stop talking about them, she must have spent 5 minutes trying to explain what makes them so tasty. I will certainly have to try them next time. They also had an impressive beer list.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,10/28/2013,734,229,8,8,8>The drinks here are amazing! One of the better Moscow Mules I've had. It's a thing I do, whenever I go to a new bar, I get a Moscow Mule and use it as a means to judge the bartender and the quality of their ingredients. Cocktail snob? Sure, I may be, but that makes what I'm about to say worth that much more. The ambiance here is pretty cool, vintage-y chairs to sit in, in a separate sitting room, bar seating and higher bar stools at thick wooden tables. It's definitely a cozy place.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/27/2013,468,742,5,11,8>Facing East, you are the real reason why I don't mind making the trip to Bellevue. It might seem intimidating when you see a crowd there but from my experience so far, I've been able to get a table in a reasonable amount of time.The sauteed green beans are a must to order. I love how garlicky they are and they have that light crunch to them. The pork burger for me is the perfect size for a snack. Its humbao buns are stuffed with pork belly, cilantro, crushed peanuts and some other delicious ingredients I can't remember since I devour it before I can really examine it. I love the noodles in garlic oil since the texture and flavor are the perfect side dish (I feel like I always have to have a noodle dish when I eat Asian food). Other notable dishes I like off the menu are the miso black cod (it seems to have more of a Japanese influence but very tasty) and sauteed lamb.Facing East also has great specials. The first time I dined here they had a cold pork cheek sharing plate as one of their specials and that was enjoyable. During my last visit, I tried this pork mushroom roll which was a piece of thinly sliced pork wrapped around mushrooms. It was pretty good but it was a pain to get the mushrooms stuck between my teeth.When dining here, you must save room for some shave ice. I like to share either the one with the works (beans, jelly, etc) or the fresh mango. They're both refreshing and not overly sweet.Facing East is definitely worth the trip to Bellevue.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,10/26/2013,374,341,6,12,12>Tiko Riko is shoved in a tiny strip mall on an inconvenient corner of Greenwood and 100 and something.Don't let the random location and plain storefront fool you, like true beauty, it's what's inside that counts, and in this case it's handmade, inexpensive, mouth-wateringly delectable Salvadorean and Mexican foodstuffs. Everything is made to order, so it may take a few minutes to arrive at your table. Don't let the wait make you grumpy, it's worth it.Each order of pupasas (similar to a Mexican corn tortilla, masa stuffed with beans, cheese, veggies, or some other goodness) comes with a side of spicy slaw and multiple sauces/salsas to adorn it with.On our first visit my beau ordered the Salvadorean platter (most expensive on the menu but tons of food) and shared bites with our table of four, still having to wrap up a tamale. The other 3 of us had pupusas and had to issue restraining orders on our mouths, to prevent polishing off 3 of them, EACH.It's good stuff mang, and I think you should try it.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,10/25/2013,458,139,13,19,15>Cute little cozy speakeasy. Making a reservation is a must as this is a very small establishment and gets packed very quickly.The Wry Grin is one of the best cocktail ever created. Beautifully hand crafted , a mixture of wry whisky and fernet branca, garnished with mint leaves and lemon. This drink has made a whisky gal out of me. So refreshing yet manly. For all you Hennessy lovers like myself, get the Hennessy sidecar. Chilled, sugar rimmed Henney. Perfection I must say. I've had other cocktails such as the French kiss and Love and Violet, but none stood out as the Wry grin did. It is now my all time favorite.I also hear good things about the Hammock Between the Sugar Cane. Definitely first on my list on my next visit =). What's not to love about this place!Looking forward to coming back.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,10/24/2013,1232,542,11,14,19>Sinful chocolate pleasure.Came on a Wednesday evening and although it wasn't completely packed, most all of the tables were occupied.  Got lucky with a place to sit because someone had just left.  We had the original molten cake which was exceptional.  The presentation was adorbs.  The cake comes in a mini mason jar and the ice cream sits on a wood carved tray.  Also ordered an Americano.  It was nice and pleasant.  Smooth.  No burnt after taste.  Perfect to wash down the sugar.To order:  Wait in line.  In my case there was no line.  Lucky me.  The menu is on a huge chalkboard in front of you.  Order from the person at the cash register and she'll give you a number to take with you to your seat.  She later walked the espresso beverage over & bussed the items from previous patrons.  It wasn't that long of a wait for our molten cake to arrive.  Great location being in the center of it all...  I mean Ballard all.  We all know Ballard is basically it's own country within Seattle.  Lots of surrounding restaurants makes it a nice after dinner dessert spot to hit.   I can't wait to go back.  Looking forward to trying a boozy chocolate milkshake.  I think I may have died and gone to chocolate heaven.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,10/23/2013,386,1001,21,39,29>What is it? A humble, cheap little grub spot tucked into a kinda grotty strip mall a couple blocks from the freeway. Pretty easy to get to. Not fancy, inside or out. But they're stone cold serious about the delicious foods. To get here, you run up 525 and then down 99 a couple blocks. It's in the same little compound of tilt-up commercial real estate with Ka Won, Ichi Teriyaki, Mansun, and a few other places. Kind of a little crossroads of cool asian dining, to varying degrees. Plenty of parking. though the lot does feel a little tight.You walk in and it's just bare bones. Minimal art, no music playing, quiet. Maybe a dozen tables. Sweet kid working the counter--she's so nice, but clearly a little shy about her English with some questions. There's a minimum of staff here, seem to be family. The place smells amazing, even if you're the first one in the door and all they're doing yet is prep work. I had steamed egg and chive dumplings, which were so good that it was hard to slow down enough to appreciate why they were good. I took dinner out and shared with a bunch of folks, but I think I got all ten of those dumplings. Also got the pork pancake, which serves three and is the specialty of the house. You get thin slices of smoky grilled fatty pork, sweet and salty dipping sauce, cilantro, and onion stalks to go in the pancakes themselves. The pancakes are little tectonic plates of starchy delectation, if ever there were any. Chewy, dense, flavorful, and totally capable of holding in the fillings, no problem. Put it all together, eat it, and...you're super full.On the way up here, I was on the phone chatting about the meal. Don't worry, I was using earbuds in the truck. We discussed whether it means anything for food to "be authentic," which I've given up on knowing for sure, so I just say "authenticious" now. We agreed that it's more important that food be good, if it's not something you grew up eating before moving to wherever you are now. That yearning for comfort food that reminds you of home is one thing, but authenticiousness is much, much harder to define, because every dish can be made a million different ways, even in the place where it was invented. And somebody like me just wouldn't know, unless someone pointed it out and explained why. After hashing all that out, I took the takeout from here over to eat with friends, one of whom bit into her pancake and immediately squealed "oh, my god! This is EXACTLY like what my grandma used to make me when I was little!" and proceeded to freak out over the whole menu. After her husband said he liked it, too, she decided she wanted to order every kind of dumpling on the menu for his upcoming birthday party. Ironically, he grew up eating hot dogs and mac and cheese, so the dumplings didn't really have anything to do with HIM, it's just an excuse to order one of everything on the menu.This food might be authenticious, or it might not. I dunno. But I know everyone who tried it, including me, kinda lost their minds. To feed 3 people, give others bites, and have everybody be that happy, all for $25, that's quite a thing. Can't wait to dig deeper into the menu. If there's any frickin' justice, this place is gonna be an anchor in south snohomish county for the next 20 years.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2013,10/22/2013,786,852,10,22,14>Meats and malts. How smoky is the question. Killer cocktails, as you might expect from Brian McCracken and Dana Tough (Tavern Law, Needle & Thread, Spur). Well-balanced drink menu, featuring complex scotch, gin, vodka concoctions. Enjoyed the Perfect Gentleman (Hendricks gin, Calvados, sweet & dry vermouth, Benedictine, bitters). Beef short rib was the first smoky short rib I've ever had - complex, interesting flavors albeit a  bit on the dry side. Pricing is a bit high given this is more of an upscale gastropub with small-to-medium plates. Pricing is $19-24 for mains; $10-14 for vegetables). Drinks are on the higher end at $11-14, topping out at $16. Modest wine list, with a decent selection of ports and sherries.Seating: Solid variety of party/seating options - lounge, bar counter seating, long communal bar tables, lounge and dinner tables. Spacious L-shaped bar lining the back and side walls, seats 20+. Bar faces the walls, which is suitable for dates/small parties, less so for scene (hit the communal tables for people-watching). Lounge features mini wood-burning fireplace, which is a nice touch. Protip: Ask for the $5 bartender's choice - Glenfiddich 12 yr. and Monkey Shoulder whiskey were featured tonight.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,10/21/2013,109,235,5,14,8>J'adore Le Zinc is as bad as I heart NY T-shirts but such is my unabashed love for this new bar that I want to yell it from the rooftops. Understated decor, an intimate zinc bar (bien sûr!), fantastic cocktails and some of the most delicious, plump, juicy, tender mussels I have ever eaten. The atmosphere is elegant and refined but still wonderfully relaxed. I especially love the bar area with its many leather sofas and coffee tables for lounging and mingling; there's also beautiful wrought-iron scrollwork running the length of the dining area. Le Zinc just quietly oozes French chic.Our bartender was friendly but very busy during happy hour which was when we visited. From 4 pm to 6 pm, you can get a glass of a really, really good rosé for $3, cocktails are half off, and your choice of mussels prepared in four different delectable broths can be had for a mere $8. Moules frites is one of my absolute favorite meals and these mussels surpassed all expectations for me! They came out in a charming little lacquered steamer pot with a lid that once flipped, serves as your shell bowl. We ordered the moules Provençal which had a broth brimming with cherry tomatoes, sliced mushrooms and a seemingly endless amount of those wonderful mussels. The happy hour moules don't come with frites but I think you are already getting an amazing value. So order some frites and a little pain et beurre and you have yourself a beautiful dinner for two for under $15.I also have to say that Parris, the manager, is such a lovely man. He brought out our mussels and seemed genuinely interested when checking in on us. His warm and attentive service really made me feel at home. I am already plotting ways to come back here.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,10/20/2013,155,152,6,26,6>We've lived in our neighborhood for over 20 years and owned pets nearly that entire time. Dogs. Cats. Guinea Pigs. Hamsters. Basically we're always surrounded by hair and poop. As is the case with kids, when you own pets, eventually they are going to need care. Accordingly we have found ourselves pulling out the pet carrier from time to time and visiting Northeast Veterinary Hospital for everything from annual checkups to emergency surgery. Over the years we've seen many different veterinarians and our pets have universally had great care by people who clearly love animals.Most recently we've been spending time at Northeast Veterinary Hospital as we worked to diagnose what was going on with our 15 year old cat "L", whose health seemed to be deteriorating over a period of months. Initial tests didn't turn anything up, but because she was peeing almost constantly Dr. Wrycha suggested we put L on antibiotics to see if maybe she had a kidney infection. Sure enough over a period of several weeks, L's urination seemed to return to a normal level. Unfortunately, however, over the next six months, L started losing weight and by the time I took her back to Dr. Wrycha she had lost a quarter of her body weight. She was also showing other concerning symptoms including massive dander and a generally disheveled look. Dr. Wrycha suggested we run some blood work and the results showed kitty diabetes. Poor kitty!As no one in my family had any medical training, we returned to Northeast Veterinary Hospital for insulin training which included about a half hour of information, demonstrations and practice. It was very informative and once done we all felt very confident that we'd be able to administer L's  medication without any problems or trauma and, it really has been a piece of cake. Less than a week later the improvement in L's heath is notable.This experience is similar to our experience at Northeast Veterinary Hospital no matter the pet or the illness. Unfortunately being a pet owner also means sometimes saying goodbye to a beloved family member and when those passings have happened the staff has been professional and compassionate, giving us as much time and privacy as we needed to say goodbye. We've even received letters of condolence for the passing our guinea pig. What a lovely gesture.I remember reading an article a few months ago about how becoming a veterinarian can be more complex than becoming an MD because MD's only have to deal with one species whereas vets have to learn about many. I had never considered that fact, but it makes perfect sense. It also makes me appreciate the fine work the vets - and everyone - does at Northeast Veterinary Hospital even more.Pets and pet owners throughout NE Seattle are lucky to have this facility available to them.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,7/5/2013,341,577,9,20,13>Aces For Hire are truly the only way to go if you need a taxi in the Seattle/King County area.PROS:1. Great customer service. I called them up over the phone and the person that answered was super professional and friendly. Unlike anything I experienced calling Yellow Cab or Orange Cab.2. Fair prices. I needed a ride from Ballard to Sea-Tac airport. They quoted me $60 and charged me as such.3. They were able to accomodate a last minute pick-up time change. I was paranoid about getting to the airport late, so I told them to please come ten minutes earlier. In fact. the driver called me when he arrived, on the dot, saying he'd actually arrived several minutes earlier than my revised request, but didn't want to stress me out by saying he was early.4. Town car. Nuff said.5. Super chatty and friendly driver. We talked the whole way down about music in the Seattle area.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/4/2013,466,877,11,16,13>I was very impressed with The Whale Wins. The Walrus and the Carpenter is one of my favorite places in Seattle so I eagerly awaited The Whale Wins. I called on Saturday night asking about wait times. The hostess told me waits on the weekends were around an hour but she wasn't sure about Sundays. I showed up at 5:30pm on Sunday and got a table right away.A small group of us came for a leisurely Sunday dinner and it was just charming. The food was all absolutely delicious and service was great. Atmosphere is minimal with a French kitchen feel. Clean lines, all the food prep is done right there for all to see. Four of us shared the sardines on toast, the pickled vegetable plate, the raab, rabbit terrine, Columbia Bakery bread (generous portion with salted butter), and the trout.The small plates were all in the $8-12 range. Trout was $18, bread and butter was $4. The terrine was tasty and a generous portion for $12.I had an excellent Old Fashioned ($10).All together for all of the dishes listed above and 2 cocktails and 1 beer the bill was $94 with tax. Not bad for everything we enjoyed.The trout was just amazing. It was deboned and ready to pull apart. Everyone agreed it was the star of the meal. Every dish was fantastic though. I have heard of some people mentioning that some dishes were room temp/ cold when served. We didn't experience this at all. The fish was steaming hot when we broke into it and everything else was just right. Honestly, nothing could have been better in my opinion. We had a very pleasant dinner and I can't wait to return. Beer selection is lacking but they have a nice variety of cocktails and seem to have an extensive wine list.Upon leaving at least 3-4 people (host, 2 cooks, a couple servers) in the restaurant looked up from what they were doing and said goodbye. It was just a really good feeling! So personable and friendly.LOVED it!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,7/3/2013,171,247,5,8,7>It was a rare sunny day in March on a Saturday, and I was looking for good bistro style food with a water view. Le Grand fit the bill perfectly. The views of the harbor and tree lined waterfront were terrific. The wait staff are friendly and give the restaurant sort of a family run atmosphere. Prices are typical of a nice bistro--not cheap but not terrible (around $20 for entree). Portions are adequate for the price. The food was also well executed. I had the special (not on the regular menu) of the seared duck breast. The duck had a nice golden crust and was moist. It was accompanied by a cheesy scalloped potato which was a little fancier than the Betty Crocker version. I sampled my companion's nicoise salad (tuna, fingerling potatoes, green beans, olives, soft boiled egg, vinaigrette, mixed greens). The tuna was moist and flaky (not the canned Star Kist variety). I liked all the components of the salad, but found it odd that they weren't tossed together for you, but was sort of a deconstructed nicoise salad. I would have preferred it to be mixed already, but overall good. Parking is free.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,7/2/2013,293,280,3,9,7>This is one of the few places you can find a tortilla machine with fresh hot tortillas in the greater Seattle area.  I am not going to pretend that they are as good as the fresh ones at Mezcaleria Oaxaca, but, they are very good quality for cooking chilaquiles, quesadillas, or other things around the home.  The bolillos are also very tasty for making tortas and my wife also can't resist buying some chicharon any time we make the trip.  Just like most of the places in this area, the "carne asada" for sale at the carneceria here is really prepared more like adobada.  I'm not sure if the carneceria is better than El Paisano a few miles away in White Center, but, it might be just as good.  The verdict is still out on that one.  All the same, this place is really worth the trip, and I'd really like to try the taqueria attached next door during a future trip.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,7/1/2013,158,182,4,9,7>I think it's safe to say that I've been on an Indian food kick lately. I would have given this place my usual 3 stars for having great food, but what made me bump them up a star and what set them apart from every other place was the owner. He is so genuine and hands on that it just makes you feel so welcome here. I ordered my new usual dish, butter masala with paneer. My friends ordered some dishes and we had everything to share. We also ordered veggie samosas and a side of raita. Both were a hit. No complaints about the food. The service was wonderful and very personal. As usual we were the loudest group there, but no one seemed to mind at all. *The owner was telling us that they are about to start a remodel/renovation. Stay tuned I will be back!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,6/30/2013,144,499,8,16,12>With over 600 reviews, my opinion isn't going to make much of a difference. What I will say is there are three reasons I repeatedly find myself at 5 Point without ever really planning it. I mean, who makes plans to end up at a place like this? You don't. It just happens. Again and again.1) The best damn fried cheese curds in all of Seattle. They are $3 during happy hour. Nothing that delicious should be $3.2) They have a tallboy of Olympia and a 2.5 gulp shot of whiskey for $3.50. THREE DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS. It should be illegal to get that much alcohol for less than a Starbucks latte.3) The bartenders have seen it all and do their job accordingly. They sling cheap booze and quality greasy spoon grub without taking any crap. They might even drop some knowledge on your rookie ass if you chat them up proper like.So, do yourself a favor. Order a special with the curds. Suck your drinks down while you're waiting and order another round when the curds come. After it's all said and done you'll have a mean buzz and a happy belly for $10 plus tax. Tip your bartender 30% and you're out the door for $15.If you don't like 5 Point Cafe, you're doing it wrong.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,6/29/2013,135,199,7,6,8>Finally made it in here for the Seattle Animal Shelter Foundation's Paws and Pours fund raiser wine tasting.  It's really a terrific space, not only the store itself, but the event space with floor to ceiling views of the Seattle skyline and Mt. Rainier on a clear evening.  They have a free "Rewards" program you can sign up for which gives you waived fees for the tastings, exclusive event invites, and discounts.  In the middle of the store they have a two-sided bar, wine tasting on one side and beer growler fills on the other.  The remainder of their beer selection, while not extensive has a decent selection of local and import brews.  Liquor and wine selection, however, is vast!  Staff is super friendly and very helpful.  Only issue I noticed right off the bat, particularly since I was there for an event that had at least 100 attendees, was lack of parking. Their small lot was full and could not find "legal" street parking anywhere in about a 4 block area to the NW of the store, so had to park illegally within 30 feet of a stop sign, figured any ticket I got would be like paying for parking, but I lucked out and no ticket.  The lot is probably sufficient when there is not an event, and there may have been parking south of 45th, but trying to get back across that street at 6 at night just wasn't going to happen.  Oh, and it's dog-friendly, the entire building including the rental apartments above the retail level. Woof Woof!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,6/28/2013,90,183,12,22,12>I'll have to admit I didn't expect much from this place because of its location and because it has the word "Express" in the name. Usually when my husband & I try out Korean places, they're further up 99!But don't let location and name deceive you. We had an absolutely fantastic dinner. We shared an order of the kalbi and and dolsot bibimbap and they were both perfection. The dolsot bibimbap was topped with a cooked egg, and we're used to having it with a raw one, but we let that slide assuming they've Americanized the dish a little. The rest of the bibimbap was solid and a nice complement to my 3 strips of medium rare richly marinated kalbi. We also devoured all the kimchi and pickled radish, the latter being my favorite of the various banchan offered.I'm from LA, which has a huge Korean population, so authentic Korean food was always not too far away. My husband & I also lived in Korea for a year so since I moved to Seattle a year ago, we have been searching hi and low for a place with Korean food that truly takes us back to our time back there and I think we've found it, at least in their kalbi and bibimbap. Next time I want to check their Galbi Tang because I've only found one place in the past 2.5 years that's as good as in Korea -- and that place is now 1,200 miles away from me.Kalbi Express is perfect for quickly satisfying the craving for Korean, but don't expect a varied menu. The menu is very minimal and you only get 3 banchan with your entree.If this place had jjajangmyun, kimbap and/or ramyun, I'll probably move next door.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,6/27/2013,601,289,10,13,9>blessedAfter watching the youtube video of their breakfast/brunch buffet, i had a strategy in place. 1.  go for the oysters first2.  go for the smoked salmon 3.  make sure to hit up the omlet bar4.  don't forget the chocolate fountain fondue bar so you can have chocolate dipped strawberries for dessert5.  don't eat the night beforeafter dining at salty's, my strategy worked like a charm but i found a couple other things to consider1.  don't get the eggs benedict (not worth the precious stomach room)2.  don't fill yourself up on coffee3.  make sure to check out the pasta bar.it was a wonderful experience and i can't wait to go back with my family.  It has everything for everyone and it's seafood galore breakfast food.  With the path to alki on it's doorstep, make sure to bring your walking shoes to walk off that heavy breakfast.  so delicious.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,6/26/2013,115,451,21,20,21>Whiskey shots chased by Black and Tans. Isn't that what you think of when you think of Murphy's? Hm. Maybe that's only me. How about sitting by the fireplace on cold winter days; feeling especially smug if you can get the table next to it on their Tuesday (?) trivia night? Ah, see? I knew I'd get you on that. I only order the chicken sandwich and fries food-wise, which I THINK hits the spot--I'm not hitting any spot too well after a couple shots and a couple of B&T's, which means I don't play darts here anymore. This is one of the last places that can still boast steel-tipped darts! None of that plastic wussy stuff. I've definitely lost a bet or two at this particular place. The service is always friendly, and if I don't get a table, I totally don't mind sitting up at the bar counter, although I think that's where the stupid bets tend to start...Funny story about this place; years ago when I was still a MISS Cynthia L, I was being rather flirtatious with a guy at another table (see first line of this review) but he kept ignoring me. Instead of taking it gracefully, I loudly said, "What, are you deaf?" And a friend sitting with him said, "Uh, yeah. He is deaf." Gah.Somebody grab one of those steel-tipped darts so I can die slowly and painfully with a dart in my eye. Luckily, thanks to Highlights magazine from 2nd grade, I managed to ABC finger-spell what a doofus I was and apologized for my...gregariousness. Long story short, I ended up hanging out with them and made some good friends--who I still see to this day! My ASL is a bit rusty now, but I bet a reunion at Murphy's would fix that up.No. No darts for me. Thanks, though.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,3/6/2010,114,197,8,13,9>I pigged out a Geraldine's for brunch recently and it was the happiest day of my life. Went on a Sunday around 2pm and it was busy, busy, busy. Fellow yelper, Nick H, and I waited about 10 minutes for a table, which wasn't too bad b/c I know it could have been worse. I adored our server. Since this was my first visit to Geraldine's she gave me some great suggestions. I am not a fan of eggs unless they are mixed with a bunch of ingredients, so our server suggested the sweet white corn, havarti and herb scramble. She then told me that she always adds avocado and bacon to the dish when she orders it for herself and asked if I wanted to do the same. Um.. let me think...YES, PLEASE! Bacon and avocado is practically my middle name! Instead of hash browns she recommended sweet potato fries and instead of toast she recommended the biscuit. This is exactly what I love about a restaurant, servers who know their menu and know what to suggest.I then proceeded to order the pancake special for the day, which was banana, two mimosas, and also helped myself to Nick H.'s biscuits and gravy. And this, my friends, is the story of how I pigged out at Geraldine's Counter. Tip: Pay in cash. For every $10.00 you pay in cash, you receive a $1.00 voucher to apply towards your next visit at Geraldine's.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2009,3/5/2010,74,40,7,10,10>I've been to the Cinebarre twice now and for the most part have been quite satisfied. The concept of this place is awesome. It's all 21+ and you can enjoy the comfort of 2 great things (food and movie) at once.The theaters are setup to have a row of seats with a long table bar in front of them and a bit of space for the servers to walk through. This setup offers a huge amount of leg room and an easy way to get to the bathroom without having to step over fellow patrons (that is if you're agile enough to make it under the bar into the waiter lane). The food and drinks are surprisingly pretty good and at decent prices (things you'd find at a typical restaurant, not overpriced like at a regular theater). All of the menu items are named after movies like the "Some Like It Hot Wings" or the "Lord of the Onion Rings"; which admittedly they are quite cheesy but I love it anyways.I'd recommend, like everyone else, to put your order in early, it takes awhile for the food to come around and you don't want to have to be fumbling with the waiters while enjoying an intense action scene. Overall, I love the Cinebarre and will be definitely coming back, hopefully over time they will work out the kinks with the ordering but as of now I'm satisfied.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,3/4/2010,297,210,16,8,13>These people deserve 25 stars for putting up with my drunken antics alone! I can't tell you how many times I've woken up to find some delicious leftover (and intact) pizza from the night before! Damn, I'm a planner! (Confession time: I once found 3 pieces that I'd left in my neighbor's fridge down the hall. I repo'd it immediately!)As far as I can tell, the pizza is superb and the Very Late Night Staff is friendly and efficient; they deserve capital letters for their patience.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,3/3/2010,172,350,13,20,16>I've pretty much stopped going out for dinner in Seattle unless it's a special occasion.  We're all trying to save a little money without giving up quality or fun and with happy hours like the one at List, it's easy to do.  I was completely dazzled by the menu so I picked the first two delicious looking things that my eyes fell on - gorgonzola tomato salad and clams steamed in a white wine sauce.  The salad was absolutely perfect - thick slices of oil-drizzled tomato and a stick of gorgonzola arranged attractively.  I was close to licking the plate when I finished the tomatoes and cheese but luckily the bartender had provided some sliced baguette so I was able to use that to wipe up the dressing instead.  I was expecting an equally delicate portion of clams but I was happily surprised by the giant bowl set in front of me. Our server was friendly, quick and competent.  I can't wait to come back to try more of the menu!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,3/2/2010,55,346,11,14,13>Huiyona is the perfect example of a 5 star restaurant serving up a true 5 star experience.We came here last Friday with my boyfriend's mom who was up visiting from California, and the entire meal from start to finish was awesome. Between 4 of us (his sister's fiance' was also with) we were able to sample a pretty fair portion of the menu, and nothing was short of perfection.our waitress was funny and sweet, offering insightful and honest opinions about menu items without being overly pushy. we started with two papaya salads that were crunchy, light, and overall very refreshing (I ordered the dressing on the side though, which I'm sure helped keep the flavors mild). Between the salad and entrees we were also given a complimentary amuse buche which was tangy and light, a nice way to prep the palette for the main courses. i ordered the fish of the day with risotto, the boys each ordered korean-style steak & eggs, and the mom ordered a small plate of chicken. we also split the mushroom dumplings and an order of the pork lumpia.the risotto was the creamiest risotto i'd had in a long time, but not a "buttermilk-creamy" that is nauseating. it's hard to put into words, but it was definitely tasty. the fish itself was a bit heavy on the seasoning, but worked nicely if paired with the other items on the plate. I tried the mushroom dumplings - which BTW are more like mushroom wontons - and fell in love. The next time I go back, I might just order a bunch of these things as my main course! Although I didn't eat the lumpia (not a meat eater) everyone else at the table was a fan of them, as well as their respective entrees.Dessert was a gigantic slice of tres leches and two scoops of caramel ice cream - holy crap - talk about a bullet train to diabetes. I could only take two bites of the cake since it was so overly saturated with caramel and cream, but the ice cream was nice and light without being quite so overpowering.overall i'd say a couple of things were a bit over-seasoned or too rich for my taste (the fish and the cake) but the amazing service and outstanding ambiance more than compensate. We will definitely come back for a special occasion!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,3/1/2010,153,269,10,12,13>New Star, you have rubbed me the right way, so I'm going to have to write an addendum to my initial review.  I didn't realize their mandarin crispy fish actually tastes sooo much better at dinner than during lunch.  The quality of the fish is pretty good, too!But that's not the only reason why you got that extra star...your staff is something else.  It was a Wednesday night and you decided to serve an old drunkard eating all by himself.  Sure he was a bit lonely, but you guys made sure he got more than enough water and you still treated him like a regular customer instead of grimacing as if you were waiting for him to get kicked out.  There aren't a lot of restaurants I can come by in the International District that treat even drunkards so politely - usually they'd be shooed elsewhere or quickly served and thrown out just so they can get their money.And for those who ask...I wasn't talking about myself.  But I'm sure if I was drunk and felt like eating dinner by myself, I'd surely try and come here if I ever end up around this area.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2010,2/27/2010,104,135,12,10,10>This might not be something you'd like to hear while reading about food, so brace yourself.  I have a... personal matter to share with you, but I think I found a CURE!  Yes, my stomach, etc. has been giving me some trouble, but it seems to have finally subsided, and there is one thing I can attribute that too.  OYSTERS!  Lately I've been oyster-bingeing in a quest to find the best oysters in Seattle.  I've eaten maybe 100 of them in the last week.  And guess what?  After my first dose, all my "problems" went away.  And it has stayed away ever since.  Could it be the oysters?  This is big people!  I'm tempted to invest in ex-Skillet's mobile kitchen-camper, dress like an old-school snake-oil salesman, and push oysters, for only a dollar!  It'll cure all your ills!  Of course, in the spirit of the day, I will include plenty of vodka and cocain.... I mean, have coke on hand to shoot it down with.   Gauranteed to cure all your ails!.  Step RIIIIGHT UP!  But of course It's gauranteed because me and my carriage will be in some other random spot you won't be able to find tomorrow and forever.  But I swear, oysters work!  You heard it hear first.  Well ok, here's another excerpt talking about oysters found at this link, for copyright disclosure sake... globalgourmet.com/food/e…"Oysters and Their Nutritional ValueOysters are not only delicious, but they're also one of the most nutritionally well balanced of foods, containing protein, carbohydrates, mi and lipids. The National Heart and Lung Institute suggest oysters as an ideal food for inclusion in low-cholesterol diets. Oysters are an excellent source of vitamins A, B1(thiamin), B2 (riboflavin), B3 (niacin), C (ascorbic acid) and D (calciferol). Four or five medium size oysters supply the recommended daily allowance of iron, copper, iodine, magnesium, calcium, zinc, manganese and phosphorus."Maybe that's why, but see?  I physicaly feel pretty good all around, too -- more energy, thinking is clearer than usual (unusually), and my sex drive's through the effing... OK, STOP, Crisbee, you've said enough!  It's probably just the coke talking, anyway.So what does all this have to do with Shuckers, you ask?  Absolutely NOTHING.  Shuckers is ok.  It might be that when I went for happy hour, my waiter rushed me through, probably so he could get his tip before his shift ended. It might be that the (excellent, if not a bit "messy") chop salad was plated all wrong, in a mini-bowl instead of spread out on a plate, or that the seafood chowder was loaded with bay shrimp and other non-descript bits of seafood in tomato sauce.Or it could be the wave of hyper-teststerone that filled the air shortly after I arrived, as the cackle of uniformly Stella-drinking, tie-donning Fairmont-Olympic conferencees anal-yzed how the size of their ties match the size of their dicks, rambling about how successful they are in their fields blah blah blah.  Riveting stuff!Oh, and ALL the beer, including Stellas, were served in these 10lb glass mugs.  Stellas makes their own glassware for a reason -- to AVOID being served like this.OK, ok, I'm being hard on Shuckers, and it's not ALL their fault.  The food was ok, but I just wasn't diggin it, you know?  They all just seemed to be on auto-pilot.  But now, more importantly... the OYSTERS!The price is right for Happy Hour!  $1 a pop, from 3-5 happy hour, so you gotta time this just right.  Normally, their oysters are a pricey $3.25 a piece, the highest price I've seen per oy!  The oysters here were ok.  There were 8 varieties, which is a decent selection, but they were all a bit small for their types.  Also, some of them weren't shucked quite right -- with some still completely stuck to the shell, and leaving some of the less-desirable guts in the shell..  A couple even had a dark film underlying the entire oyster shell.  Oysters should be able to go down neat and clean, with no dark residue left behind.  Also, many had too little brine.The accompanying cocktail sauce seemed uninteresting (maybe canned), and the scallion-vinegar was way too overpowering.  The minced horseradish was fresh and spicy, though, good thing for my taste.  But even the lemon slices seemed much smaller than usual.  Still, I recognize that I'm getting very picky with oysters, after having some really exceptional oysters around town.  It's still cool to get such a good deal on fresh oysters for happy hour, and this is certainly an ok choice for that. Here are the oysters I had:Fanny Boy -- smallish, but good, a bit sweet.Penn Cove -- sweet and pretty tasty, but small for the type.Kusshi -- quite briny, but ok.Evening Cove -- another sweet oyster, pretty good.Hunter Point -- kind of sour -- not my favorite.Dabob Bay -- Had these a few places, and these are briney in a good way, but smallish.  Good texture.Overall experience on the OYSTER SCALE? 3 OYSTERS out of 5 oyster half-shells
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2009,2/26/2010,91,486,12,12,12>The Boy has been talking about this place forever--"I've got to go to the market for more meat!" he says on a monthly basis. I never really got it--why travel so far just for some ground beef? But yesterday I tagged along, and my eyes have been opened! It's sort of like the difference between Starbucks and a local coffee roaster, or between Hershey's and Theo chocolate...Don and Joe know their meats.There's something assuring about watching them package the meat right in front of you. Then, at least you know it hasn't been sitting in the case for days and days. And with the amount of business they're doing, it's clear nothing sits around for very long. Prices are more expensive than at a grocery store, but again, it seems like a good trade-off. But not only are you paying for a quality product, you're also paying for service. How anyone can be that enthusiastic when packaging up dead animal, I don't know. But they are. I'm not sure how it factors into the way they run their business, but they also have an impressive collection of sports trophies. Must be from all that protein (har har).
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,2/25/2010,254,164,18,20,17>Pink throughout with a warm red middle.That's how the burgers are cooked unless you request otherwise. Next time I will, as I like them a little more cooked than that. Next time I may also get one burger to split with my lady so that I have room for the delicious sweet potato fries and the pumpkin pie shake. We had the burger of the month, a Greek informed Lamb burger. Delicious. We also built our own beef burger with pepper-jack, roasted onion, roasted red pepper and tomato. Lovely.The Counter features a full bar, beers on tap and bottled, including NA options, a modern decor and two big screen TVs. The staff is young, peppy and eager to please. Frankly I could have used a hair LESS attention. We emerged full to the gills, not broke and making plans to return since there are more concoctions to experience. I think we found our local burger joint. Ah!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,2/24/2010,174,215,48,21,21>I was humiliated by a sandwich today. Allow me to explain; first, I sprinted down the street for this sandwich. Yes that's right. I had been waiting in line with my boyfriend for over 20 minutes when I realized that Paseo only takes cash. We were near the front of the line by that point and so I sprinted five blocks to an ATM and five blocks back to Paseo. I had the chicken thigh sandwich and it was incredible: salty crunchy bread, crisp cold romaine, mayonnaisey spicy sauce, soft almost creamy onions, dark juicy thigh meat, jalapenos, and more sauce. So much sauce in fact that it dripped down my leg, a pack of feral dogs chased me, and I'm typing this post with delicious smelling sauce on my pants. No I did not consider changing my pants. And so that my friends is how it came to be that I was humiliated by a sandwich.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,9/10/2008,59,142,7,13,11>My lovely wife and I tried Cocina Esperanza for the first time for my 49th birthday. Prior to that, I'd heard glowing reviews from one of the pickiest eaters I know. This guy and his wife drive all the way from Tacoma to eat there, and with today's gas prices, I figured we'd better check it out. We got there around 6:30PM and were immediately seated by a genuinely friendly waitress who then answered all our questions and made some great suggestions. It is a good thing we got there when we did because for a Wednesday evening, the place filled up very quickly. We started out with a pitcher of their excellent homemade sangria and some good baked cheese in olive oil with tortillas to go along with it. For the main course, Susan ordered their renowned Tilapia which is a delish fish dish, and I ordered the Pollo ala Crema. Both were served with veggies cooked to perfection and both were served with the tastiest homemade tortillas, black beans and rice we've ever had. The presentation was first rate as well. Susan's Tilapia was fresh and very good indeed (we always taste each other's food). My Pollo ala Crema was muy deliciosa and gracias to our waitress for suggesting it. It was definitely a plate cleaner for me. So far I love everything about this restaurant. It's in a great location being just up the road from Golden Gardens Park, The 17 and 48 buses stop right by it, and it's in a nice neighborhood where NW 85th intersects with 32nd Ave NW and Loyal Ave NW. But lo que es más importante, it is within an easy distance from our residence.We will definitely spread the word on this place. I give Cocina Esperanza 5 stars for: 1. Genuinely friendly staff2. Amazing (I'd even call it legendary food. We're talking the chef's mother's own recipes from south of the border here with the freshest ingredients and great presentation. 3. Highest professional standards 4. Great location 5. Delightfully cozy building and tastefully decorated.Yes, Cocina Esperanza is now my top pick for Mexican food
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,9/9/2008,71,114,13,8,10>I went here on V-day with my friend because:- She lives in Ballard and knows the owner/staff- We wanted somewhere not annoyingly romantic cause we just wanted to drink booze and eat bar food.- I don't know why I'm making a list when those were the only reasons.ANYway... as the fact this place is an alehouse would suggest, great beer selection, lots of local microbrews and Belgian stuff on tap. Sadly I forget what I had (two cocktails & four beers deep in about two hours, what can I say) but it was so perfect! For food, I just got the basic burger and I was happily surprised. Talk about the epitome a GOOD HAMBURGER. It was all charbroiled tasting with caramelized onions and thiiiiiick slices of bacon. My friend got a bratwurst with sauerkraut that was also quite delicious. And guess what they serve on the side? Not just french fries, but waffle fries! For some reason that's just so much more exciting... I have a theory it might be the airpockets that let you get more ketchup... when I work it out I'll let you know.I will resentfully comment that there were tons of families and kids...  that's not really my scene. But hey, families have to eat too. And there's an easy solution to this problem: just eat in the bar! That's what we did. Done and done. So... let's recap the important highlights.- Belgian beer - Waffle fries- Once again, this list is... useless. Fried food and beer = GOOD.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,9/8/2008,502,444,31,26,28>Mini Hero: Where are we going Mommy?ME: Home?Mini Hero: *EAR DRUM SHATTERING WHINE* I DON'T WANNA GO HOME!!!ME: I can't understand you when you whine....what was that?Mini Hero: *Lip out, pouty, more mellow whine* i don't wanna go HOME!ME: *Starving to death, but not really interested in hearing the whining anymore* Where do you want to go?Mini Hero: I wanna go to the PARK!!!!ME: OK...don't yell at me. I'M the mama - YOU'RE the baby.....god damn it.....Mini Hero: Don't say GOD DAMN IT!!!ME: Whatever word police.Mini Hero: Whaaaat???ME: We're going to the park!Mini Hero: YAYAYAYAYAY!!!!We ended up at Madrona Playground, I had never taken him here before, but I sit in the shelter house every Wednesday in meditation with a bunch of drunks. It's a great space with tennis courts, a basketball court, a great playground with climbers for the big and the little. Had been thinking of bringing him for some time now - turned out to be a excellent idea last night. We made friends with another boy who's 3rd birthday is this week; he and his mama, who is super cool, actually live near us. SCORE. The new friend is wearing big boy underpants and pees on trees - the Mini Hero was captivated and I think I may have a new strategy for potty training.Around the corner is Verite Coffee and those terribly dry cupcakes, St. Clouds, and the Madrona Eatery and Ale House. All work for families, but we ended up at All Purpose Pizza over on Jackson so he could play in the kids pizza kitchen and I could inhale a salad without interruption.Yay for summer and the ability to hit the park on the way home from work.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2008,9/7/2008,615,1175,7,9,8>OMG.  Seriously....OMG!  How have I never discovered this place before?!  I've driven by a million times and never noticed it!  I mean, I'd heard of it, but I had no idea where it was.  Then by some random occurrence, my boyfriend and I decided to try it a couple nights ago.Camarones con mole blanca?  To DIE for!  Chips & Five Salsas?  Amazing!  Homemade tortilla chips = BEST EVER.  Next time I'll have to try the insanely great looking guacamole!  Honest to god, likely the BEST Mexican food I have ever had.  I was blown away by the tastiness.  Definitely the most authentic Mexican food I've had in the States.The only downside is that the dining room is TINY and we had to wait 20-30 minutes to get a table at about 7pm on a weeknight.  We ended up sharing a large table with another group, which worked out great, but it was a bummer to have to stand so long waiting, especially when 3/4ths of the time we were waiting my boyfriend and I were the next on the list to be seated.  People need to hurry up and EAT so I can get in there and feast for hours on amazing food!  I WILL be back to this place!  LOTS and LOTS!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,9/5/2008,129,140,8,11,10>Warm, flaky-crusted pot pies, tasty ales and ciders, a weekly bluegrass hoedown - need I say more? Pies & Pints is just an all-around great place to gather with a bunch of friends and have a good time without even trying. Before I get all misty-eyed and start singing the theme to "Cheers," let me tell you more.The space is long, with a front room and a back room. My mind's eye pictures this a bit like an old-school telephone receiver - or maybe a backward "c." Ish. The back room has a (sometimes free) pool table, and a small bar. The main seating area is in the front room, which is also where the live music takes place. Quarters are close. If the bluegrass is on, chances are there's a fiddler's elbow dodging around alarmingly close to your face (there's no stage - music is happening on the ground and in the crowd). This all just adds to the friendly vibe, in my opinion - not to mention making it easy to make a request.There are only a few tables, so if you're partaking of some pies along with your pints, keep your eyes peeled and snap up any seat you see. It might take a while to convene the seats and push together the tables you need if you're with a group. If you're going on bluegrass night, you might want to get there early for this very reason.I've had the traditional chicken pot pie, which is excellent, but my very favorite is the spinach feta. The buttery, flaky crust is the perfect complement to the mildly briny goat cheese, tempered by the earthy spinach. If you're in the mood for something a little lighter, I recommend the homemade pretzels. These are served warm, along with tasty, tangy dipping sauces. Yum!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,9/4/2008,64,58,10,10,12>I dedicate this review to the two people who produced Julianne.  I believe she's the owner of this lovely establishment and I'm proud call her my favorite person on earth.  Like an idiot, I made a desperate move and got my brows waxed at a 'chop shop'.  I really don't know why.  That evening I called Ananda, told them what happened and made an appointment for the following evening.  I was greeted by the sweetest receptionist.  It was her fourth day and she totally held everything together.I was introduced to my favorite person who then lead me to the room where I was made into a beautifully browed goddess.  Julianne was so nice, funny and totally listened to exactly what I was asking for.  I almost cried when she was done I was so happy.  Needless to say, I have her card and I'm going to her for all my waxing needs.  Spectacular.P.S.  I hardly knew it when the wax was on my face.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,9/3/2008,164,150,9,9,8>I love to sing, but find myself easily getting overly self-conscious, intimidated by divas and competitive crowds.  Which is why I love Bush Garden.  There may be some great singers here, but absolutely no divas.  Everyone is warm and encouraging.  There is a regular cast of characters who have a wide range of talents, but are united in their love of the karaoke and their welcoming attitude.  The drinks are reasonable, street parking not impossible to find, and the food happy hours (two a night!) yields tasty morsels for cheap.  Plus the ancient rolly chairs that inhabit the floor before the karaoke stage are surprisingly comfortable...at least for someone of my stature.  I enjoy Thursday nights...not too crowded and you can get a good number of songs in.  My only regret about this place is that the karaoke books are a bit of a mess, though abundant.  This place would be perfect if they had more of the weird stuff I like to sing and listen to, but then it would probably be overrun with hipsters, so I can't bitch.  See you there!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2008,9/2/2008,204,297,17,16,16>Usually, I do not like a chatty waiter.  I was a little worried last night that it was going to be a party of 3 last night instead of a party of me and Mr Betsey S when our waiter started talking in a way which made me know that he had a lot to say.But then I realized he was saying really, like, useful stuff!Did you know that Union Square gets most of its ingredients locally?  I did not, but Brian the waiter told me all about it, and I really love local food so I listened up.Later on, he also told us about the Washington wines by the bottle (for which we had a half off coupon) and recommended a really wonderful blend.  This guy knew a lot about wine, including which ones are the most delicious with the things we were having for dinner.  And when I tasted it, of course I needed to know where I could obtain a full case for my very own stash.  Naturally, our waiter knew where I could make that happen. Mr Betsey S had steak (sourced from St Helens ranch right here in little ol' Washington State) with a blue cheese croquette and I had scallops with lentils and crab bisque (also all from here). I love any restaurant that has lentils on the menu and makes them delicious!  And everyone loves a restaurant that will bread and fry blue cheese to put on top of a steak.  "Croquette", by the way, is French for "hells yeah."In a place like Seattle, lots of restaurants can turn out delicious and creative food for a pretty serious price tag.  But it takes something more to turn out a dinner experience as good as the one we had last night.  All I can say is: croquette.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,9/1/2008,140,180,4,5,5>After an A-OK night of clubbing at The War Room and lounging at Twilight, and then driving around aimlessly trying to find a late night/early morning place to eat for a good 25 minutes, and finding out  that Minnies-CLOSED,  5 Point- packed like Sardines, and Cafe Mecca- was bursting at the damn seams, I was sooooooo happy that we ended up at The Hurricane Cafe.  A 15 minute wait...... (but oh well, driving for 25 mins, what's another 15?)Their chili and cheese fries hit the spot for me and my 3am I-need-something-cheesy-fried-and-filling AND the mozzarella sticks with marinara sauce for once wasn't dry, rubbery, and overly fried.....THANK GOD!  I washed it down with a blueberry milkshake, and a cup of coffee and voila!  Mediocre Saturday night on the town was a distant memory.  Did I forget to mention the their Tsunami?   (it's their signature dessert of brownie a-la-mode topped with fresh whipped cream (Eva's favorite) and two cherries.)  Service was actually worth the $15.00 tip we left the server, he was on  it and didn't bring us dirty silverware like most places that are open around this time.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,8/31/2008,46,40,20,10,10>NOTE: Periodic random interjections of manliness were added to this review to salvage what is left of my masculinity. Viewer discretion is advised.This place is awesome. Awesome boutique soups that smell terrific at affordable prices. You just cannot beat a medium-rare bloody piece of steak grilled over an open fire.Like another poster, I used to like some of Lush store products but always found them to be expensive. Plus - some of the soaps left my skin oily and who knows what those wacky Canadians are putting into our soap. I watched "True Grit" 6 times last week. The soaps from Bliss smell great, lather up great, and don't give me that oily feeling - plus they are reasonably priced (unlike Lush). Sometimes I suds up my face with the lather from the Tea Tree Oil soap and shave myself with a freshly sharpened axe - which I keep next to my bathroom sink.The gentleman who owns / runs the store is super cool, knows all the soaps intimately, and will make suggestions or offer samples if you're unsure. Plus they run daily specials. I've walked 18 miles in the snow in my bare feet to wrestle a brown bear.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2005,10/7/2005,7,99,,1,>If your looking for 12 inches call on Zilly...yes her sandwiches really are a full 12...and yes it is a her.  The customer service is second to none...this is that place where you instantly become a regular.  Great sandwiches made with care...and if you finish the 12 inches, you might just get that applause you've been dreaming about...sure it's not a stadium full of fans, but 2 very nice sandwich ladies will certainly do. Become a regular at Zilly's.  Cheers!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2005,10/6/2005,5,99,,1,>Great collection of hand crafted pieces from around the world.  If your in the market for a quality Budha...they have loads of beautiful pieces, and one of a kind at that.  The best thing about the store is the fact that the owner is very conscious of where and whom she buys from...aiming to buy directly from the craftsmen and women in their small rural villages around the globe.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2005,10/5/2005,44,140,,2,>Great vibe! The Pretty Parlor is what it says: pretty- but amidst all the pink and fluff are a few good suits and funny clip-on bowties. They have a few used racks of jeans (approx $20 for a pair from GAP) and tops, a long rack of local designers that make awesome one of a kind apperal, and a wide selection of vintage hats, jackets, shoes...etc. Mostly inspired by the 20s, but as any modern girl knows... any decade goes!THEY MOVED TO CAP HILL
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2005,10/4/2005,3,6,,4,>I can't say enough about this place. This is VERY service oriented, quality shop. Javid is the owner and came highly recommended. He has very fair prices and his staff does quality custom work. They sell new jewlery and estate pieces as well. They are interested in lifetime customers, so they always go out of their way to please. They have onsite jewelers, working on pieces, rather than many jewelery stores that sell jewelry, and send out the custom work. I've gone in and had things sized and fixed while I waited. They are very friendly business owners who take pride in their work. I look forward to giving them my business.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2005,10/3/2005,99,63,2,4,3>At it's core, Kenmore Park & Ride is just another place where you can park your car before you hop on the bus. But in reality, it's much more than that and much cooler than any other park & ride. This is most definitely the biggest park & ride that I've ever seen. The shelter for waiting for buses is the largest I know of, and of course it has murals on the walls painted by local children.This place has memories. Running from my car to the bus to try and not miss finals. Running from the bus to my car to try and get to the nearest gas station because I had to pee. Helping a friend learn how to drive.One of the coolest things about this place is that there is a heron family that lives in the very back of the lot.  I've actually seen a heron fly into the tree, and it was a spectacular bird! Supposedly there are cameras and you can see live footage of the nest from the nearby police station and the Bothell Public Library.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2005,9/30/2005,16,33,1,,>Traxx is an amazing place to go anytime. Its not that expensive and its way fun. It is the most fun go carting place to go because they dress you up in jumpsuits and helmets  so you feel like a real car driver and then you race for 10 minutes with the group you came in. No other people that you dont know are in your group its just you and your friends. They judge the winner by the fastest you laps average because ten minutes isnt long enough to have the person in first place be the winner. When you go around the curves and hill in the course you feel so amazing and wish you could do that forever. The only downside is when you crash really hard which happened to my friend kelly twice.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2005,9/29/2005,4,2,,,>Great teriyaki place. Fairly small and family owned, but the food is great and come out quick. It's not too expensive either. If you got a hankerin' for some good but cheap asian food, head on over.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2005,9/28/2005,99,63,,,>I went here for a smaller ska show featuring eastside bands like Natalie Wouldn't and The Pulverts. It was an all-ages show with only about 40 people in there. Regularly people might call the place cramped but I actually liked the smaller size of it.The show itself I would rate 6 out of 5, but the place was alright too. There's a nice, padded seating area in the back. If you stand up in front, the sound really reverberates through the floor. The one thing I didn't like is the fact that you are not allowed re-entry without paying again if you are under 21.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2005,9/27/2005,60,614,,1,1>Best place ever for made-to-order cakes that would shock your mother!  Bachelor parties, wedding showers, birthdays...whatever the occasion, the Erotic Bakery will find a theme to make everyone blush.  And not only are the cakes a conversation piece, they taste good too! Go ahead, embarrass your friends. They'll love you for it.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2005,9/26/2005,317,792,,,>If it's even remotely related to a camera it's here, including scrapbooks and supplies. Not to mention cameras, tripods, processing, frames, filters, lenses... and an intelligent staff. A colleague who is an amateur photographer has had enlargements done here that turned out perfectly even with necessary cropping and they have a large assortment of specialty papers. If you like anything at all about photography go here. They even do passport photos and a number of things I wouldn't have thought of.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2009,3/1/2009,87,262,9,13,10>Empanadillo. Em-pan-a-di-llo. Empanadiiiiiiilllllloooooo.Say it slow, say it fast, say it however you want - just say it out loud - or better yet, have someone say it to you. This is one proud Puerto Rican joint, and I love their take on pastry encrusted meats. I had the pulled pork empanadillo, with a chili sauce on the side and each bite of the perfectly hot and crispy dish was excellent. The la fuego (on fire) prawns were awesome - and HOT. Smartly served with mango and pineapple to temper the chilis, but after my first couple of bites, I couldn't stop, I was eating spoonfuls of the peppery paste. Eye-watering, mouth-on-fire, flavorful awesome.We cooled things off with the Josefina Margarita which was authentic and refreshing - and not too sweet compared to the other rum-based island drinks on the menu.I've had the soup here before and it was delicious too.Great location, above par service (they'll call your cellphone when a table opens up if you want to walk around and drink or shop somewhere else), and it's a charming dining room, with views of the kitchen and interesting art on the walls. Another win for Ballard!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,2/28/2009,519,323,17,14,14>In the words of Rebecca L., Baranof is like a mullet, business in the front, party in the back!  That's fo sho.  Don't be fooled by the little diner facade going on in the front of the house. Baranof means real business in the back; pitchers of pbr for only $10,  yes please!!UMMMM $2 JELLO SHOTS.....maybe I should repeat that....ONLY 2 FREAKIN DOLLARS FOR A JELLO SHOT.  I was kinda scared by the lime green, but Baranof knows what they're doing with their lime green mixed with tequila.  And by the way, where else can you even get a damn jello shot in Seattle?Cheap pitchers, juke box tunes, karaoke, and drunk regulas.  We wanted some nachos, but the kitchen was closed.  They offered some cream of broccoli soup and gave us a basket of pretzels and crackers.  Now that's some dive bar hospitality!!!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2008,2/27/2009,200,171,17,17,17>Market catastrophe? Global economic recession? Who cares? Licorous is warm and glamorous. I'll just ride out the crisis right here.Gimme another of those delicious "Lark" cocktails - all fizzy and boozy with the bubbles and the gin. I simply can not be worried about anything more pressing than seeing the bottom of my glass while sipping this heady nectar.And my pork sandwich on potato bread with caramelized onions definitely tastes better than the old shoe I'll probably be eating in another month or so...But what really sold me on the place was the winter vegetable salad. Nom nom nom. I'm sure that by next year I'll be copying that recipe with ration stamps and veggies from my very own Victory Garden.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,2/26/2009,172,350,11,13,10>This place was so much fun! I went with some friends from Hong Kong. I always let them pick the restaurant as they tend to pick incredible Chinese places but lately they've been on a Korean kick and are moderately obsessed with Old Village. We had a ton of food to grill at the table - beef, pork, chicken, various vegetables. The grilling itself makes the meal less leisurely than the usual dining-out experience but all the more fun. The side dishes were delicious (especially the seaweed) and they refilled them as often as we wanted. Me: What's the deal with all these sides? Friend from Hong Kong: What do you mean? Me: How are you supposed to eat them? Are they a garnish? Friend from Hong Kong: How should I know? Just eat! Me: But what's this one? (points at strange pink substance) Friend from Hong Kong: I don't know! Eat! We also sampled the "seafood korean pizza" which was sort of like a pancake full of octopus and shrimp. Sometimes you'd pick up a piece and notice a tentacle sticking out from the side, sort of waving at you...weird but delicious. On the menu I noticed a garlic goat soup. I lived in West Africa for a time and absolutely love goat meat but nobody at the table was interested in splitting a pot with me. Next time!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,2/25/2009,123,455,23,15,11>It's a little kitschy, Boats and scuba divers hanging from the ceiling, lots of fish nets. You almost forget you're in the ID. But the vibe is friendly, the place smells fantastic and the servers are enthusiastic. Our server Athena(I know this because they write their names down on the butcher paper they put on the table) was nice but a little less informative than some of the other servers I overheard. For example, the menu says that you get corn and potatoes with 2 pounds or more shellfish, so we ordered a pound of crab and a pound of shrimp. As it turns out you only get the veggies with a crawfish order.  Still Delicious regardless of any confusion.And now my public service message to any men who may decide to go to the bathroom while you're eating there. The sauce is hot, very hot and you've been picking it apart with your fingers. Before you handle yourself to do your business, wash your hands very very carefully or you may find yourself with a uhm, spicy memory in the nether regions for several hours after you leave. I speak from experience!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,2/24/2009,133,298,11,9,8>A friend and I went here because of the high Yelp reviews, and it definitely didn't disappoint. So many tasty things on the menu, and everything was really yummy.I apparently managed to find the one menu item that white people don't typically order. How could I tell? Here's how ordering went down:E: "I'll have the #45."Waitress: "Ah, the vermicelli! Good choice."Me: "And I'll have the #40."Waitress: "... The... 40?"Me: "The Anchovery?"Waitress (after looking in the menu): Ah, right. Hm.And then when a different waiter brought our food, he took time to explain to me that while the soup is very good (and one of his favorites), it's very fishy tasting. It was my last warning. Turn back now, or eat the soup.But really, I knew what I was getting into, and it was really delicious. A fishy tasting broth is nothing that three scoops of the spicy stuff at the table can't overpower. (Note to self: Two scoops will suffice next time.) I actually wanted to see more protein (for example, there were only two prawns in the dish), but since there was such variety (fish, prawns, squid, etc.) I guess it was OK.The spring roll was also great as an appetizer. I was surprised by the different textures: Normally, I'm not used to a spring roll being crunchy, so it was a refreshing change. I liked it a lot!I'm slowly exploring more of the International District, but this place is an early favorite.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,2/23/2009,99,124,6,10,8>Remedy Teas cafe is bright, clean and well organized. There is an expansive selection of teas on the wall with a tea menu (more than 150 teas!) arranged by various themes: wellness, white, green, oolong, black, pu-erh ("funky, uncommon teas that are aged like a wine"), rooibos, yerba mate, and botanicals. Given this selection, you should be able to find a tea to suit your needs here.  Remedy offers tea brewed by the cup, small or large pot, to-go, and iced. You can also purchase loose leaf teas by the ounce.  Teas have designated caffeine levels, which is helpful for those of us who shouldn't drink caffeine after 3pm unless we're pulling an all-nighter.  Remedy provides little sample tasting opportunities at the front counter. That day I tried cinnamon and fig (#63), which was warm and delicious, and ginger pear oolong (#47), which had a fresh, sweet zing.  Neither of these did the trick for me -- I wanted to stay away from fruity teas because I had a headache.  I found the menu a bit overwhelming (courtesy of said headache), so I asked the server for his suggestions and he was very helpful, narrowing down by how much caffeine I wanted, what my taste preferences were, and did I have a favorite type (green, white, black, etc). I opted for a delicious matcha green tea (#43), which was fresh, fragrant and frothy, if a little pricey.  It hit the spot, pumped me full of antioxidants and helped my headache.   I can't wait to go back and try #11, and 12, and 39, and 62, and 136...
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,2/22/2009,65,37,7,6,7>Definitely one of my favorite coffeehouses in Seattle.  Valentina and I will drive 10-15 from Queen Anne just to enjoy a delicious cup here.  Every time we go, we feel so comfortable and the baristas are so friendly.  No ironic hipsters here.  I've observed that the last three or four times we've had Stumptown coffee outside of Stumptown coffeehouses, it seems like it's better than at actual Stumptown locations.  Neptune is no exception...the Stumptown here is spectacular.  I love to savor every drop of my Americano.Where else can you go and get such delicious coffee, a cold Newcastle, tasty sandwiches, and awesome trivia?
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,2/21/2009,215,299,13,17,15>Sometimes I am forgetful, okay... MOST of the time I am forgetful, I can be found with all sorts of scraps of paper on my desk and in my purses reminding me to do/buy things. So I forgot to make my next appointment last time I got my hair done, waaaaaay back in October, from my normal girl, Lauren at James Alan Salon in Shoreline. Because I keep normal working hours 8-5, I need an evening appointment and when I called last week to get in with Lauren the soonest she could see me for an afternoon/evening appointment was mid-February. My hair could not go another month without getting colored. Too much growout.So I went on a search for someone else to take care of me at least this time around. I happened upon Babalouise on Yelp and called, I was able to score an appointment within a week for a time that was convenient for me, with Donna Jean. Right on! So I get there, I'm greeted, they grab Donna from the back, she sits me down, we talk for several minutes about what I want to do with my color, she makes great recommendations and we come up with a plan. She gets to work and we spend the time chatting about any and everything. She's fun, chatty, but not gossipy. She tells funny stories about some other clients who have said silly things. I like her!I hadn't planned on a cut, but while she was rinsing me I decided I might as well just go for it rather than waiting two more weeks like I planned. I don't give her much direction in my cut but she spends a long time layering and making sure it's nice and even. It's probably a bit shorter than I would want, but the cut will last a little longer than usual this way, and I guess I should've given better instruction considering she'd never cut my hair before and didn't know what I liked, so I won't at all fault her for that. I'll get used to this and probably love it in a few days. Anyway. My total for cut an color was $20 less than what I normally pay, and when you get your hair done 6-7 times a year, that $20 adds up to one free cut/color a year. I love that Babalouises' prices are more reasonable than other places I have been, and the staff there was so friendly. Now I'm torn on whether I go back to Lauren, or if I start seeing Donna. I hope Lauren doesn't read this and find out I cheated on her!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2008,2/20/2009,129,419,8,13,9>NEVER disappoints.Disclaimer: This review pertains to breakfast/brunch only.  This is MY hangover spot!!  If I'm in Ballard on any given morning of any weekend, you will find me hear....loyally waiting for my carbs and calories!!Not only can I sit, talk about the wild and crazy night previously spent, include vulgarity if need be AND give details of my "encounters", I get to sip on strong coffee and be waited on attentively.  It may seem unimpressive but they bring me water as soon as I sit down.  I know what you're thinking, it's water and you always get water!  Right?  Wrong!!  One of my biggest peeves at diners is that I've got to ask for a water, then wait for it.  When you are dehydrated, head is pounding and you feel like you would drink anything...you'll come to appreciate the super efficient service here.I've had almost everything!  The Magnolia Omelet, almost all of their burgers, their salmon burger, Mexican omelet and am a fan of their seafood benedict.  It is definitely a place where I can walk in washed or worn, wearing sweats and hoop earrings or a pea coat and scarf.  There is no bias or pretension here.  It's also right next to a Marina so you get a lot of fisherman and people in who live on their boats.5-10 min. wait on the weekends if you show up around 11am or later.  Someone once said this place reminds them of Denny's pre-chain and I totally agree.  It's a good spot to hang out with the homies hungover, eat good greasy food and relax.  No rush!!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,5/26/2011,140,456,16,17,16>The first review I wrote on Yelp was for Julie Giles at Nucleus, so I thought it fitting to make this new one the 200th.I'm pretty low-maintenance, but she has kept me looking good all these years.  Plus she and the rest of the gang at Swagger are fun to chat with.  Julie even knows a thing or two about beards and was able to help me cover up a recent shaving accident.  With online booking, my life is much simpler too.  These are the reasons why I keep coming back.That and the scalp massages.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,5/25/2011,117,123,15,13,13>If it adds any street cred to my review, here are my credentials:- Born and raised in South Carolina, cut my teeth on the South's best barbecues, smoked meats, and fried veggies (okra!)- Married to a BBQ fanatic and regular entrant in local BBQ competitions- I'm not a skinny girl by any means, and am not afraid to get sauce down to my elbows while licking the bones clean on some ribsFirst star: Slow smoked pork ribs! FYI, baby back ribs are overrated. Go for the full spare rib for more meat and more flavorful fattiness! These folks know how to smoke meat! And no, that meat isn't undercooked because it's pink, that's just the thickest smoke ring you've ever seen.Second Star: For making me want to sing:"It's Rainin' Ribs, hallelujah Its Rainin' Ribs, Amen! I'm gonna go out to run I'm gonna let myself getAbsolutely huge and fat!"Third Star: The hot sauce served at the counter, the sweet sauce available in the dining area, and that Ah-Ma-Zing red sauce (just kidding, it's ketchup, but I bet you'll try it anyways to see if I'm lying)Fourth Star: It's walking distance, or a short lazy car-ride from my house around the corner.Fifth Star: (Forthcoming) For the brisket that I can only imagine will be just as amazing that I will try on the next visit.The meat was so dang good that I'll forgive the over-salted fried pickles. But definitely go for the fried okra!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,5/23/2011,262,106,16,14,16>I did it.I attempted the twelve egg omelet challenge and just like Adam Richman, I failed just a bit more miserably than I thought possible.To be fair, I wasn't completely ready for the challenge as I was there at Beth's to cheer on my roommate and friend who decided a battle of the egg cartons was in store. They both hadn't eaten for hours before, whereas I just came from a tasty dinner of tuna curry. To put it simply: I was full. But when my friend accidentally ordered the Northwestern Exposure as opposed to her more desirable Southwestern Exposure... the former was shoved under my nose and I was forced into competition.What a mistake that was.Making it through the toast and hashbrowns wasn't too much of a daunting task, but those eggs - man, all those eggs! It was too much! Everything tasted fantastic, but this thought quickly falls to the wayside as you are shoving the same damn thing into your mouth over and over again. (Yes. That's what she said) Cream cheese is also another ingredient one should avoid if they are looking to consume mass quantities of food in one sitting.Leaving a solid 50% of the omelet still residing on top of the pizza pan, I sauntered off with my stomach as full as it has ever been. Ever. Sadly, nobody at our table was able to finish the beasts, but we left knowing that we tried. And isn't that worth something?
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,5/22/2011,110,77,9,11,9>A sports pub is about the TVs.  They need to be big, high-def, and they need to be everywhere.  Here, they are.  In fact, I like pretty much everything about this pub.  Its clean, friendly largeness.  The many tall, opaque windows in black casing.  The dark wood of the bar and booths, the high ceilings.  The generally inviting feel.  And the TVs.  They are inescapable.  In fact, when  I and my friends went here yesterday to watch Green Bay inject a temporary caesura into  Michael "The Dog Whisperer" Vick's epic redemption narrative, we watched the game on a TV that was mounted to the far wall of the very booth in which we were sitting!On the menu, on game day, you can choose between breakfast and lunch.  I have not tried the breakfast menu but will on a future visit.  On the lunch menu, try the  beef dip, the large, perfectly done mozzarella sticks, and the hummus and pita bread.  Avoid the chicken wings;  they're sloppily over-breaded.During football season, happy hour prices for the duration of the game, which means that Guiness pints are 3.50.  Finally -- and I offer up this piece of advice purely out of humanitarian largesse -- do not shuffle in here on Sunday wearing a Dallas Cowboys jersey.  That would be a very bad thing to do.  Because, in the same sense that Hooters on Lake Union is Saturday church for UT fans, this place is a sacred gathering place for Philadelphia Eagles fanatics.  It's a sea of green.  They do the fight song during halftime.  They are for real.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,5/21/2011,91,486,9,7,10>There's something immensely satisfying about buying $100 worth of chocolate, even if you don't get to keep it all. I have a friend who just moved to Australia and was really missing his Theo chocolate, so he had me go to the store for him to fill a care package. While I went around grabbing handfuls of candy bars, I took the liberty to taste some samples of each. In the end, he got his year's supply, and I made a pig out of myself. The greatest thing is, the workers didn't blink an eye, neither for the amount of chocolate I bought nor the amount of free samples I took. Thanks, Theo!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,5/20/2011,88,211,16,11,10>This is the best Ethiopian food I have ever tasted in my entire life.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~That's it. I have nothing else interesting to say about this place. Absolutely delicious. Ordered Miser Wat, which is usually just a slob of [delicious] red lentils on a plate. This one was three different types of lentils - red, yellow and green. The green and red were so good that I ate them too fast and couldn't get to the yellow.They also gave a small amount of salad. Most of the time that is only available when you order the mixed plates. The salad had jalapenos on it making it even spicier. This food was a treat to eat.I'm probably ruining it for them too by letting Yelpers in on the action, since this business didn't exist on this site until I entered it in just now. Yet they still had business - all of them seemed to be friends from the area, ordering their usuals. Every customer was greeted by name. At least I assume it was by name since they were speaking in Amharic. Two final thoughts:- If you go here because of Yelp, and you love it, you owe me big.- I didn't get to check in since the place wasn't on the Yelp app, so even though it's not official. I'm the duke of this place. Write that down somewhere so you remember.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,5/19/2011,519,323,8,17,11>Delicious!! Tried Pho Duc last night.  Their veggie pho with tofu is awesome.  The tofu is fried, but is nice and tender on the inside.  There is plenty of broccoli, carrot, and cabbage. I love this combination, and was happy there was no celery.  The broth itself had good flavor, but didn't have the same depth I've had at other places.  We also tried the fresh spring rolls, which were a great price, $3.70 for 2.  They gave my husband and I each our own peanut sauce, which was  served warm, and not too sweet. Lastly, I was very impressed by their bubble tea.  We had the taro, one of my favorite flavors.  I quit getting bubble tea for a while because it seemed like every time i got it, it was sickening sweet.  Pho Duc's bubble tea was delicious and not too sweet at all.Our service was friendly and also quick.  Everything seemed to be very quality, and I also thought the prices were very good.   I look forward to coming back!
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,5/18/2011,390,547,12,16,13>Embarrassingly both my wife and I swore we'd been to Crow before, years ago, but when we went inside realized we were mistaken.  I think we were scared off by the initial popularity and long waits and then just never got around to coming back here. We were both eating some crow (bwahaha - I keed).On to the review - For starters my wife had the beet salad with blue cheese crumbles and walnuts - which she loved (beets aren't my thing, for some reason). I had the proscuitto di parma with fig & walnut relish & manchego cheese, which was an excellent pairing.The 20 for $20 deal they have Sun - Tuesday (20 bottles of wine for only $20) was a fantastic deal. We're giant winos, so we ordered a 2009 Perrin Cote du Rhone and polished it off greedily during our meal.For the main course my wife had a seared tuna served on saffron risotto w/aspargus, that from my little sample was delicious (and perfectly cooked). I had the rib eye served on spinach w/bacon and roasted fingerling potatoes. The rib eye had a garlic butter on top and was _way_ larger than I expected. In no way could I finish it off. Because I had to save room for dessert. We had a chocolate "sundae" which was a couple scoops of chocolate ice cream with nuts and caramel sauce. Perfect ending to a great meal. The space is really nice - plenty of seating, including a lot of seating around a long bar. The metal work with the crows and long hanging curtains breaks up the volume of the space nicely. Parking wasn't hard for us, but it was the weekend - this area of lower queen anne (couple blocks from the Gates Foundation HQ) is totally residential, so your mileage may vary. The location makes it a great option for dinner and/or drinks before or after a play or show at any of the theaters (Intiman, Seattle Rep, McCaw Hall, etc).Sorry for not coming here earlier Crow, we'll definitely be back.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,5/17/2011,416,153,29,27,28>Fiscal conservatism (the real kind, not the 21st century Republican kind) had me laying back a bit on swanky salon coddling, so I'd been doing all kinds of chemistry experiments of my own here at home, where people couldn't laugh at me-or if they did, I could take away their XBox. Unfortunately that meant I used a temporary hair dye to turn my hair goth black...apparently forever, because it seems that by "lasts through 18 shampoos" L'Oreal actually meant to say "enjoy the nightlife, Vampira. Good thing you'll live forever, because so will your squid-ink hair." So a few triage self-treatments later and still looking like something you might sweep up from beneath the sofa, I was delighted to see a Groupon filter in for Evolve, which is a mere block from my house. Despite my history of overcommunicating-even bringing photos in to stylists for reference-I rarely find someone who actually delivers (much less intuits) what I ask for. Whether I come in there for dark brown, highlights, or black with orange pieces, somehow I always seem to leave with dishwater brown hair with Bellevue mall-shopper highlights. It's depressing. But I guess I've just learned to expect it.So I wasn't hyper explanatory with Tova; I wasn't even sure what I did want...only that I wanted something much less boring. Now hear this, Seattle: In addition to being a super warm, positive person and (Yelp reviews testify!) an amazing listener, Tova knows what the hell she is doing. Though her sweet Zen guilelessness and her laid-back, tea-serving "cozy living room" salon might belie this fact, Tova's a tiger, and her New York model-circuit years come through in how effortlessly and artistically she colors. She expertly wove blonde and black pieces all throughout my coif (I've uploaded pictures) and I'll be back to have her clean up my crazy layers-formed more by Darwinist "survival of the least processed" methodologies than by anything deliberate like haircuts. I really can't overstate her talent. I've had a long, rocky history with stylists even at the foolishly expensive salons. I once spent $220 at Magnum Opus in Portland to have my hair burnt off. It fell out in clumps and they still collected my payment! So it was crazy to just stumble through the Groupon chute and find The Stylist I've Been Looking For...a block away and for a fair price (not cheap but not crazy; normal price for my color would have been $120). I should also note that she has treats out for her guests--good teas and organic dark chocolate. If you've been feeling like you're speaking !Kung to your hairstylists, or that somehow they're translating everything you say to Oppositelandish, I really recommend giving Tova a shot. From a woman with severe salon whiplash, I'm telling you, she's damn good.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,5/16/2011,466,877,12,17,16>I've been to Saffron Grill several times since it opened a few years ago and I like it a lot. The food is good, there is always parking in the lot, and the restaurant interior it quite beautiful. None of your typical ho hum plain Indian restaurant decorations here! The lights are pretty and the layout is very welcoming.Most recently I came here with my Grandma and Mom for lunch. We all enjoyed our food. I had the chicken biryani and it was delicious! Very good. I got a 4 spice level and it had a bit of a kick but not what I would call spicy. I believe the spice level goes up to a 6. The chai was also good, better than many places I've had chai in my opinion. Service is pretty good, too. The owner (I think?) often greets you at the door and shows you in which is a nice touch. I think Saffron has it going on decor-wise and makes for a trendier Indian restaurant experience while delivering quality food to boot!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,8/24/2011,221,439,11,12,9>Calling all kids, tweens, teens, ladies, older women, or any XX-chromosome carrier -- Common Ground Coffee and Cupcakes should be your new breeding ground for all things Twilight! I'm sure when Twilight: Eclipse (**Edit: Sorry, I meant Twilight: Breaking Dawn) comes out sometime this year, Common Ground is going to unleash their Twilight Cupcakes upon the world again.  While the cupcake has no real connection to the movie besides the promotion (two arms holding onto a cupcake instead of an apple), it sells very well at a significant mark-up for a simple chocolate cupcake with raspberry goo.  While I can't say I'm a fan of the Twilight cupcake, I do enjoy their Sweet Potato Cupcake (seasonal -- during Thanksgiving).  It's super flavorful and moist.  The marshmallow frosting they do is delectable.  Common Ground does a good job with their staples: Vanilla/Chocolate, Lemon-y Snicket, Tuxedo (Chocolate/White Chocolate Frosting) at $2 / cupcake.  Special ones can range from $3-5 per cupcake: Boston Cream and Red Velvet.  It is worth mentioning that their Red Velvet isn't as good as Trophy's or Cupcake Royale's.      While I try to distance myself from anything Twilight themed, it's hard to stay away from Common Ground because I enjoy "sinking my teeth" into their cupcakes.----**a die-hard fan (JM) corrected my mistake as I have my Twilight chronology mixed up, for which I apologize.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,8/23/2011,94,80,16,20,18>My favorite gym. Hands down. Ever. I'm a regular, for a reason. It feels like going to church...let me explain.Have you ever gone to those "LA Fitness" style gyms? Where the attitude is more "club" than "gym". Where people go to "see and be seen". Where the ladies wear makeup to workout and fellas remind you of the jerky jocks from high school? Well there is none of that attitude here.Olympic caters to all ages of all ranges of fitness. They offer kids classes (karate to swimming lessons) to senior fitness classes (Fit and Fifty and Sliver Sneakers). Everyone is welcome with no discrimination. And what is more motivating for a younger person, than seeing an 80-year old on the treadmill next you? My thought is Dang! Good for them! If they are able to put in the time, surely I can too. And obviously, if they are in great shape and getting workout at their age, its going to motivate me to get a good workout so I can live as long as them too!They offer a wide variety of drop-in classes for no charge, including uber-popular Zumba, kick-boxing, Boot Camp drills, yoga, pilates, belly dance, etc. A fantastic cardio room with treadmills that each have their own personal TV screen. You never have to wait for more 5 minutes for a machine. Women's Locker room is truly euphoric. Whirlpool, steam room, sauna...all lovely amenities. And like going to church, you put in your time, you become enlightened, you feel more connected with yourself and your body, and leave feeling accomplished and ready to face the world with a new attitude.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,8/21/2011,123,361,12,11,12>I had the best triple vanilla latte here- it was perfect. My coffee should be like my men: Dark, hot, strong, not bitter or too much syrup, just a good and even balance of flavors. Atmosphere: cozy, a little artsy- but not in a pretentious or hipster way-aaaaand they allow pets, which I love. It always makes a place seem friendlier just to sip your coffee and watch a happy dog.... Food: I had the hummus sandwich which was wonderfully simple and tasted fresh and was perfectly seasoned.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,8/20/2011,117,123,21,7,7>What!?I can choose my burger patty size AND my bun, in addition to my actual burger stylings?! AND you will legally allow me to also engorge myself on fried mushrooms, sweet potato KRINKLE fries, and a shake?!Burger Madness, while you are my current favorite anything, you are also my absolute worst enemy. You're going to give me incredible, hittin-da-spot lunches, but I'll hate you later that afternoon when I fall asleep at my desk, resting my chin on my newly formed food-baby. You're like Beloved, in that Oprah movie (or apparent book by the same name), and you're going to tempt me with ribbons and sweets--or incredible fried goods and juicy patties--only to leave me with that depressed yearning, knowing it is not good for me and will not last. Oh, but you WILL last, Burger Madness. Not only because you are a solid restaurant with a menu I'll want to come back over and over again to explore. You will also live on as a part of my waistline. I hate you. I love you.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,8/19/2011,718,1048,8,12,12>What a cute and conveniently located shop with eco-friendly stuff!As you see from my reviews, I really don't go shopping all that often. Portage Bay Goods happens to be in a very convenient Fremont location, however, and I needed to buy some holiday cards. So I went inside and happened to find lots of cute little items that I know some people would love... and some amusing recycled/eco-friendly holiday cards. They cards are more expensive than the ones at Hallmark, but they definitely have more... Heart? Character? I'm not sure how to explain it, but the cards just seemed a lot more... "small batch" (in a good way). It was also great to see some obviously new designs! (It can't be that old if it mentions Twitter!)When I was purchasing, the cashier gal said "I like your hoodie." I wonder if she just liked the design or if she noticed it was a Yelp Elite hoodie...
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,8/18/2011,331,569,10,23,10>As a carnivore, I am normally weary of vegetarian / vegan joints. Why limit my options when I don't have to, right? With that said, I urge all my fellow carnivorous beings (and veggies and vegans) to exercise their mandibles at Silence Hearts Nest. My biscuits and gravy were delicious and I'm a b + g snob! Sweet potato biscuits covered in rich gravy with faux-sausage that tasted just like, or maybe even better than, the real deal. The home fries on the side were perfectly seasoned and better than the soggy hashbrowns you get at most breakfast places these days. While our breakfast was more like a lunch, there wasn't a wait and the service was quick and friendly. My coffee cup was kept full just like my stomach. Two thumbs up.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,8/17/2011,141,414,12,17,15>I needed a Hello Kitty birthday cake for a friend and I wanted something that would be pleasing to the palette and well, cheap. I had considered going the QFC route because their cakes are massive and within my budget but I also wanted to knock some socks off. Where could I get a Hello Kitty shaped cake? I did a google search for costume cakes in West Seattle and found Baked.I browsed their site and found plenty of pictures proving this place was fully capable of a shaped cake. I saw that they requested at least a week notice for cake orders. I needed the cake on Saturday and it was Wednesday. Shit! I contacted them anyways apologizing for the short notice and explaining how I just found out about them and if it would be possible to order a cake. I received a prompt response from Kristina asking to give them a call.I called and to my delight Kristina said they could make a cake for a Saturday pick up. The bad news was a custom shaped cake started at $150 due to how labor intensive it is and how much cake is wasted in the process. Ouch. I love my friend but I can't afford that so I went with a six inch round cake. The cake flavors were your basic white and chocolate and the fillings were a raspberry cream, lemon, and one other I can't remember. I went with the white cake with raspberry cream filling. My total was a mere $35. I pick up the cake Saturday morning and the shop is small and minimal. One table is set to the side for meetings and on the right there is a case for cakes to stay chilled while they wait for pick up. I was greeted enthusiastically and told her my name and she got my cake from the case. She showed me the final product and it was so cute! The Hello Kitty face was adorable and pink and black frosting decorated the top and sides. I was instructed to take the cake out of the fridge about two hours from now so it could thaw and be ready for the 8:30pm party time. Cake cutting time comes and everyone was impressed. The cake had four layers. The cake was dense yet light very similar to an angel food cake. The raspberry filling was perfect. The frosting was a butter based and while there was a hint of it, it was good. All the party guests enjoyed their slice. Baked was a very lucky find. I am grateful they were able to accommodate my procrastinating ass and created the cutest cake I've seen.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,8/16/2011,595,1498,5,9,6>It has been a long time since I have had a Philly cheesesteak. Nor have I actually visited Philly. Technically I onced had an airport transfer there, but that does not really count. I did have some memorable made to order cheesesteaks during my short undergraduate stint at Penn State in Central Pennsylvania. Not a whole lot of those years really stick with me, but the memory of beef, green peppers and mushrooms on the grill on top of a hoagie roll melted with cheese did. They were so good and it was dormitory food!I was headed to Burien to pick up some baked goods, when I recalled reading about Hey Paison! and their cheesesteaks on Yelp. Since the shop I was visiting was just 2 blocks away from here, I thought it fitting to take a trip down memory lane.Hey Paison! is a small little place with a handful of tables. The walls are decorated with entertainment memorabilia of the likes of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, etc. The menu consists of mostly Italian sandwiches. In addition to cheesesteaks, you will find meatball, eggplant parmesan and pastrami sandwiches to name a few menu items.I wanted to try a cheesesteak as close to the ones I had in PA, so I got the mushroom provolone cheesesteak with onions ($8.75). The size of the sandwich is quite large. If you are not that hungry, you could probably eat half of one and leave the other half for another day.Upon taking a bite of the sandwich, I waxed nostalgic. Totally legit. The sandwich is really meaty, in a good way. The cheese is melted into the roll which is how I like it. The mushrooms and onions are mixed with the beef and helps to accentuate the flavor even more.For some reason, most of the cheesesteak shops are clumped together in Seattle. So if you live in the south end, Hey Paison! is probably your best bet to get the real thing unless you want to drive down to Tacoma. I don't know how the cheesesteaks here compare to Tat's or Calozzi's (yet), but I do know now that I have at least one good place to go when I want to reminisce while eating a Philly cheesesteak.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,8/15/2011,395,91,4,12,7>We celebrated a lady friend's birthday here and I thought it was a pretty cute concept with flavorful offerings. Our table of 6 picked a few things off the board that proved to be comforting, well-executed fall dishes: the gnocchi w/braised lamb and summer squash- $14, pork belly on toast (love the egg and grilled baby leeks) -$12, chicken and wild mushroom pie-$16, tuna tartare (with beets and ginger!), 4 sliders (red wine & shallot, foie gras, truffle, and blue cheese w/ shallot rings)- $12, and the vegetable tart w/ garlic- $12. Everyone adored the food- even the table bread with brown butter and pumpkin seeds warmed our hearts...or clogged them.Our server brought us a decadent salted chocolate and caramel tart with creme fraiche ice cream for the birthday girl that was so rich we could barely finish it and everyone had a bite! We stayed far too long but the staff didn't make us feel bad for keeping them late. For the price (about $55 per couple including our bottles of wine) it was a superb way to celebrate. I can't wait to come back to try chef Jacob's new seasonal menu items.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,8/14/2011,75,211,6,15,8>Many restaurants manage to capture either my heart or my tastebuds, but every so often, I try one that does both. This is the latest one to accomplish such a feat.A small group of us decided to try this place after it was recommended to us by a friend, and I had my doubts at first being at such an odd location, but don't let it's place discourage you from going. All of Seattle deserves to know this is here. From the time we walked in, to the time we sat down, I had nothing but a smile on my face. Everything about this place screamed warm and friendly. We were given the regular menu and instead of a piece of paper showing us the daily special, The chef and owner (Yes! This is a place owned and run by a world class chef!) Chef Marcello came out to greet us, and tell us the specials. He is a really down to earth authentic Italian chef, with a full accent and everything. He is also a great wine sommelier, and recommended a great pairing to our entrees. It's really rare to find such a well rounded chef, especially one that greets every single one of his guests. It made me feel honored to dine there.All the bread and pasta here is made in house, and fresh, and I believed all of it, most of all my taste buds did.The restaurant itself is really rustic, from the chairs, to the decor. On certain nights they have a pianist performing great music in the background. There's bottles of wine everywhere, and lots of abstract art, even a photo wall of very interesting places and people of italy.The food was amazing nonetheless, everything from the appetizer, all the way down to the dessert, A-MAZING!We started off with Polenta cakes with mushrooms in a truffle cream sauce, the special of the day. This was delicious, the polenta was soft, but not mushy, and oh my god the truffle sauce went with the mushrooms so well. It almost seemed like the mushrooms and sauce were the star of the dish, but they all mended together so well. A stunning appetizer, probably couldn't have chosen better.For entrees, I personally had the special, it was a Tiger Prawn fettuccine with a tomato white wine cream sauce. The home made fettuccine was delicious, I've had home made pasta before, but the whole time I was eating, I kept thinking "OH! This is what home made pasta tastes like!" Everything from the tomato cream sauce to the basil worked together so well to create such a complex dish, first the pasta hits you, then its the tomatoes, followed by the seasoning, and finally the white-wine finish. You have all this, and don't forget the tiger prawns are sitting on the plate nearby, those were grilled, and seasoned perfect. What a delicious pasta dish.My friends had the sausage risotto, and the gnocchi. If you have to get something from their regular menu, GET THE GNOCCHI! This is probably the best I've had, its soft, but not mushy, and flavored, it melts-in-your-mouth. The cream sauce that comes with the gnocchi is rich, but not overpowering, and works great with it. This is what gnocchi is about.The sausage risotto is delicious as well, smooth texture, just a great dish, I didn't taste much of it but it was delicious for all I know. Then we had dessert, Yelp has a check-in dessert special right now, if you check-in you get a free dessert with any entree. We had the panna cotta, some cream dish that began with a Z, and the chocolate mousse that I don't remember what they were called. I personally had the panna cotta, and it was heavenly. The custard was light, and sweet, and the strawberry sauce was a great compliment to it. It tasted like a much lighter version of creme brulee, but without the flavoring inside the creme.I have absolutely no complaints about this restaurant, only a million things to rave about. Definitely will be returning soon.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,6/22/2014,178,104,6,10,6>Where have you been all my life?It was like a fairytale, damsel in distress (or just really hungry) waiting for the knight in shiny armor. In this case it was the Good Guys! During Lent I had to give up a few things (including beef/pork). We ordered a 2 topping large pizza with pepperoni and sundered tomatoes (I had to pick my pepperoni out and give them to my husband) hot & spicy wings and some jalapeño poppers.Words do no justice! If my taste buds can write a review, I'm sure they would agree that Good Guys Pizza is the best I've ever had. Their Jalapeño poppers were delicious. The hot and spicy wings were juicy, not dry at all, very meaty, and it came to perfection with the amount of sauce they were covered in. Our two topping pizza was great (although I wish I got to try it with the pepperonis, but I will once Lent is over.)I'm very excited to have found a great Pizza delivery in the area, they are very difficult to come across. Especially one with a great rep.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,6/21/2014,54,132,5,8,6>It seems that most people who ate here usually have the ramen, but I was just not in a ramen mood even though it was freezing cold outside.   So I'd like to let others know that their Chinese dishes were pretty good as well.  What my dining partner and I did have was the hot and sour soup, which was really good.  It had just the right balance of hot and sour.  We also had ordered chicken chow mein, salt and pepper chicken wings and braised pork belly.  The chow mein was okay, it's your usual chow mein.  The salt and pepper chicken wings were crispy and flavorful.  What was strange about it was that they used the middle section of the wing and cut it in half so they were smaller wings.  I'd say there were five whole wings in all.  They were tasty but I just haven't seen it prepared that way before.The braised pork belly was outstanding as it was braised perfectly in a slightly sweet soy sauce.  It was accompanied with steamed buns, scallions and cilantro.  I would come here again just for this.  I pass by this place everytime I'm in the ID but usually don't think much about it.  It was until I saw a segment of "Bizarre Foods" that I thought I would try this place out.It's a nice casual place, nothing fancy.  I will be back for the ramen and gyoza on my next visit.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,6/20/2014,96,494,6,8,6>Just left here, cute little chill/date night/bar place to hit. The servers were really friendly, and it was just a nice chill place. Ordered: 2 horchatas, water is already on the table, side of rice, beans and tortilla for our son. I got the champiniones tacos and side of cactus salad,  my husband got the lengua tacos. Each come with three. Didnt like it soo much how the three tortillas overlapped one another and the taco goodies was spread on top. It made my tortillas soggy. You pretty much sort out the amount of taco insides to your tortillas. Mine were good, I wasn't really impressed. I didnt taste the cumin in mine or anything other than something I can make at home. Just wish there was more 'Wow' to it, like a variety of mushrooms and flavors to amp it up. My husband's lengua tacos were really good, full of flavor and good amount of taco meat too. The green salsa was yummy and the red one too and the red was really spicy though.My cactus salad was pretty much the star, I really enjoyed it a lot. Tasted refreshing and fresh! Its pretty much pico de gallo salsa with lots of cactus. It was delicious.  The rice and beans were really good too. Beans a slight bit salty but it had some good flavor behind it. The tortillas are yummy, fresh corn tortillas. Cant beat that! Horchata was really good not too sweet, tasted freshly prepared and was a good complement to dinner.  Service got a little slow in the beginning and end but didnt wait extremely long. The staff was friendly and got me what I needed. She didnt ask us if we wanted dessert or needed anything else, but doesnt matter because we weren't going to order any anyways, but you would think they would ask? She just dropped off the check. On normal occasions we do have dessert but we already bought some pies so we skipped out this time. Next time we visit we will try their dessert though.Overall its a cute little spot serving some freshly prepared mexican food. Will definitely stop by again. Hard to find mexican food in this part of the neighborhood open this late!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,6/19/2014,49,117,5,6,5>There are some things that you just can't deny! This place has an amazing space, style, and location on the hill! Plenty of room for large groups but it fills up on most nights. I only take issue with the teeny tiny portions of their food and some of their beverages! Everything tastes delightful but for the price, one would expect more! Their staff can sometimes seem a bit overwhelmed as well. Maybe poor staffing? Not sure if this was already mentioned in other reviews but the space downstairs is much cooler and easier to hang in now that they have fixed the ventilation/cooling situation. No need to worry if you just want a beer here. They have that too!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,6/18/2014,101,467,11,13,10>I've been pretty stingy lately with my 5-star reviews, so it says a lot that Tipsy Cow has received one. After having some fun in Seattle with my little brother, we were famished and headed homeward, with a detour to get some yummy burger goodness. Neither of us had ever been here before, but I'd passed it several times and wanted to try it. We were seated immediately, and our server very promptly took our drink orders (vanilla shake for him, mocha shake for me). After perusing the menu for a little while, the ginger boy decided upon the Tipsy Burger, and I ordered The Experience burger and substituted truffle fries. Both of our shakes were delicious, though I definitely favored my own with coarsely ground coffee beans added to the shake with some topping the whipped cream. His burger was pretty standard, but he loved it. Mine was to die for! The Beecher's cheese was ooey gooey deliciousness, and the truffle fries were perfect. While everything was amazing, any milkshake that follows the Tipsy Cow one will be found lacking.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/17/2014,121,125,7,12,8>I come here after work to avoid my long ride home.  The commute from Issaquah to Everett is NOT the business.Anyway, I'm usually a walk-in kind of gal.  I figured if you got time to see me you'll squeeze me in.  I remember driving around Issaquah and went to 3 nail salons and none of them could fit me in.  Um OK that was a first ever.  Usually any nail salon (or ones I've been to will get me in and try not let me leave their store) but anyway, drove around and found Cindy nails.  They were busy but the gal told me to have a seat and someone would be with me in 5 minutes.  5 minutes were up and I meet Nancy.  She was really nice, helped me with my color selection, advised that I get gel on my two thumbs (they've got weird lines in them which creates a divot for some reason).  I took Nancy's advise and was happy with the outcome of how my nails looked.  I've been back to Cindy Nails a few more times and will continue to see Nancy each time I'm there.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,6/16/2014,53,105,9,12,9>I think I've been here quite enough, if not too often if there's such thing that it's time for an update on my review. This is the number 1 club that I recommend to people when they are visiting Seattle or is asking about an exceptional place to go out. I've always had a good night whenever I'm here with whatever group of friends I'm with, you just can't go wrong with Aston Manor. Great music, great environment, & GREAT crowd. At first I thought this location was kind of out of the way compare to other Seattle's nightlife, but not that I think about it, I'm SO SO glad that it's just in it's own special place in SODA district away from all the other popular nightlife to avoid traffic congestion. This is my personal favorite & I know we all have our different opinions, but I've came with a few conclusions of why this might not be the place for some:1. You just came home from Kube93's Summer Jams and is still stuck on hood music & the aroma of Marijuana2. You didn't know your limit, had way too many drinks, and decided to start opening your umbrella to swing it at everyone & everything and wondered why you got kicked out3. You're too lazy to change out of your gym clothes from earlier that day just to go out4. The beautiful server that was pouring campaign for your booth won't go home with you & you're just bitter that she has more class for your taste5. You simply don't like Asians (because this is dominantly an Asian club although there's no Asian music involved)I've also hear complaints about prices on drinks & booth here. Keep in mine how expensive it probably is to rent out & pay for everything to keep a nicer environment like this. I had a buddy that was actually amazed at how cheap cover charge & everything are here compared to other places with similar settings like in LA or Vegas.I have not seen a single night that isn't packed, except when there was a snow storm which I'm still utterly shocked of the few people including myself that did not let the weather stop them from showing up all dolled up & ready to party. HAHAHA.I'm avoiding partying here at the moment because I don't want to ever get tired of this place, but I can't have enough good things to said. Thank you Aston Manor for letting me have a reason to pull out all the sparkly dresses that was hiding in the back of my closet that I never really had an event worth wearing to!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/15/2014,115,109,12,11,10>I'd been trying to get my sister here for literally a year and we finally took the plunge into fatty burgers.  OH GOD, SO WORTH IT.The burgers are huge.  Bigger than you're going to assume, certainly.  There are an incredible amount of options to choose from in terms of flavor profile since you can get a variety of katsu cutlets on your burger as well as all the different sauces they have available.The fries are phenomenal, the dipping sauces more so.  The real winner?  KINAKO CUP MILKSHAKE.  I'm not a guy for sweets but this was literally the best milkshake I've ever had; you can taste a strong profile of toasted almonds and they use just the right amount of chocolate to substantiate, not overwhelm the flavor.Ultimately when we come back I think we could probably split a burger, fries and milkshake and be totally stuffed.  The price point is reasonable (for fries/burger expect to pay 9-13) and you'll leave waddling.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,6/14/2014,110,263,3,11,4>Did you know there is a zoo in Issaquah?  I've been living around here for almost 6 years and I just discovered this place.  Now, if you're used to a big zoo like Woodland Park, you'll be underwhelmed by this place, but my son is a little guy (16 months) and so we thought it was best for him and one of his little friends to come here instead of "the big zoo" in Seattle.  This place is the perfect for size for an hour or two.  I think we could have made it a longer visit had we been able to sit down for some of the zoo talks that they have, but little kids that age aren't interested in sitting down for anything like that.  The boys LOVED that they could get pretty close to the exhibit cages, and they started figuring out how to feed the animals the apple chunks that are for sale at the entrance.The exhibits are well kept and the staff all seem pleasant.  They also appeared to be knowledgeable as well.  There were some other patrons who, I can't tell if they were volunteers or just regulars who spent a lot of time here, but were also able to tell us a little about some of the animals.  We thought the parrot who would say hi and play hide and go seek was pretty cute.  It is a little pricey to go here considering the size, but the fact that the zoo was smaller and more intimate and NOT packed (like the last time I went to Woodland Park) made this worth the money.  They also do have coupons in the Entertainment Book, so if you can score a coupon from a friend who has one of the books, it will help with the entrance cost.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,6/13/2014,133,363,3,10,6>I have been trying different gyms and classes throughout the Seattle area and finally landed at Fremont Health Club. And I fully intend to stay here.1. You cant beat the price! For $30 a month I get unlimited free classes, and access to great weights and machines.2. Yoga twice a week with Jannelle is fabulous! Barre is pretty great too. All the instructors are very down to earth and friendly. And non-meat-heady.3. The weight machines are easy to use, clean, and almost never busy.4. The treadmills are awesome and new. 5. The staff are all realllllly friendly and helpful. I have never once been pressured into an up-sale item here.6. They have showers and childcare here that I have never used, but they both look ok.7. They have lockers! Just bring your own lock and you can use them. I like that it's never crowded and they don't over sell memberships. I hope it stays that way. :)
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2006,6/19/2006,1,24,4,9,7>This shop is located in the strip mall along with G.I. Joes and Rite Aid. Connie, the owner, usually wearing pajama pants, specializes in individual items of vintage and used contemporary clothing and accessories, plus small furniture and decorative items that are for sale. She also has a limited selection of costume rentals. As you would expect, this is a very popular place for the area's live theater producers. She also caters to partygoers; everything from "inner self" to disco, and those among us who seek that special look. Connie maintains a great hat selection and all the accessories and will help you complete your look.Connie is also a local political activist and you will always find folks stopping by to chat and get the latest scoop on the "rest of the story" on local current events.This is a must stop for anyone visiting Issaquah.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2006,6/18/2006,204,297,3,10,7>So we rolled up to Carnegie's Tuesday for a double date with our friends, and got player parking right in front.  So far so good.  We had a reservation but quickly realized the place was totally empty - it was private dining for sure.  Inside is all wood paneled, white tableclothed fanciness.  Lovely!  My pinky began to immediately creep outward from my other fingers.  Sun - Thu they have two prix fixe menus, one for $29.95 and one for $39.95.  We all went for the $29.95 menu, it had everything we wanted.  We started with calamari (not breaded and fried, sauteed and wonderful) and a salad (just okay, a little uninspired although their blue cheese is great).  A tiny scoop of lemon sorbet arrives in between appetizer and entree.  The boys ordered steaks and the girls ordered Copper River salmon - the seafood special (for some reason, no one opted for the Weinershnitzel.  I have never seen this on a menu outside of Leavenworth).  This salmon rivaled my salmon experience at Matt's in the Market, and that is saying something because I worship at Matt's Pike Place altar!  The lemon burre blanc  was truly light, and it came with worthy roasted veggies (carrots and asparagus) and a tasty, buttery little polenta cake.  The boys both gave the steak rave reviews, including the au gratin potato stack that accompanied it.  Carnegie's wine list is comprehensive and well organized, we had a great zinfandel whose name escapes me right now.  It was perfect with all the entrees, even though they covered the spectrum.  Remember I said that: zin (not white, now, that is a whole other subject) is perfect when you've got a melee of dishes to match.I would have given Carnegie's five stars except for dessert was a disappointment.  Again we were split along gender lines: the boys had chocolate mousse, which they slicked right up and proclaimed delish, and the girls had chocolate torte.  This is where I wish I would have asked for more lemon sorbet.  It was a tiny slice, and was too floury and dried out to be a torte.  I will definitely return to Carnegie's, my parents would love it, but next time I'll BYOD something from Cupcake Royale or stock up on that sorbet.Edited to say: Monte Volpe!  That was the Zin we had!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2006,6/17/2006,0,10,2,4,4>I was born in Japan and love this little "Mom and Pop" restaurant, it reminds me of home.  It is a sushi place --- if it's sushi you want, (real) sushi you get.  Even though they make California Rolls --- you realize - it's not from Japan . . . as the name implies it's from (Southern) California.  It's an inside-out maki-zushi.The restaurant is small and the decor is the turn of the 20th century modern Japan.  It's not for the novice; you need to be a little knowledgeable --- but they do have special sushi plates for those who have difficulty in ordering sushi and willing to try whatever comes.I also like their fresh water eel dish (Unagi Don) . . . perhaps the most expensive item on the menu . . . about $15.  The (two huge plump) fresh water eel (Unagi) is barbequed over a hot hibachi grill and painted with a sweet sugar and soy-sauce combination, sprinkled with white sesame seeds.  The eels are laid over a bed of white steamed rice in a black lacquer container, supposedly a donburi (Don).  The (pure, boneless) filleted meat falls apart as you pick it up with your chopstick and literally melts in your mouth.  Not a hint of fish flavor or odor. . . the flavor is unique and to die for, it's rich in fat and perhaps not the greatest choice for your cardiac care . . . once you get over the idea that the eel looks too much like a rattle snake --- enjoy.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2006,6/16/2006,14,13,1,5,5>"Oh, El Diablo won't you sell me back my soul?"  This is a line from a song by a band called Arcadia that creeps into my mind whenever I walk into El Diablo Coffee, located at 1811 Queen Anne North.At first I didn't know if I would like this place, much less become a regular, but nonetheless I have become a regular. Having just moved to Seattle, finding a place that "feels comfortable" is important - to find a sort of "jumping off" point so to say.El Diablo is first and foremost friendly and inviting, and screams neighborhood coffee shop.  As you enter the bricked and pergola covered courtyard entrance and walk through the front door you are greeted by an open and tangerine colored interior with scenes of dogs chasing chickens, dogs chasing dogs, a cactus here, a flower there, some devilish (but friendly) caricatures, as well as Santeria inspired images, none offensive or off-putting.  There are postcards of "El Diablo's" adventures and trips; scenes in front of the GAP in London, Paris in the background, standing in the rain, or on a boat.  I think of Basho, or perhaps Kerouac when I investigate closer all his adventures. Sometimes I think of Robert Sinsky wines (The Devil made me do it!).  There is also a little bit of a club feel to the place with all the posters on the windows about upcoming live shows (always free I am told).  But mind you it will never be mistaken for CBGB's in NY.  It is also partnered with a small boutique bookstore next door called (you guessed it) Queen Anne Books.El Diablo is very anti-Starbucks, and there lays its charm and strength.  Mind you, nothing wrong with SB, I go there regularly. (Did I use "mind you" twice in one review....i sure did..."Dooohhh") The manager, or would he be an imp or demon(?) James, I believe is his name, tells me it is a Cuban inspired coffee shop. Ok, I can stretch my imagination a bit, with the exception of the occasional House and Trance music playing in the background, which I think, is not so Cuban (but I could be wrong). So off I go strolling with my imagination stretched on a rack..The execution of the interior is very rudimentary, suggesting perhaps the owners and staff painted the scenes.  It is, I suppose, in its most humble attempt trying to capture a "Cuban" feel, or the simplicity of Cuban country life with its simple fresco, almost childlike in its intentional execution and of Afro-Caribbean sensitivity. Now, since I have never been to Cuba I could not tell you if it does capture it or not ("YOU WANT ME ON THAT WALL, YOU NEED ME ON THAT WALL!!!").  But that is not the point of this place; the point of this place is to provide a backdrop for social engagement.  It is a place to relax and do what suits you best - read a book, surf the net, meet a friend, or enjoy a simple cup of coffee with a macaroon or Cuban toast, El Diablo does not offer a gimmicky and complex menu.  You will never walk in scratching your head wondering what to order, or what is the latest trendy consumer targeted/tested/reviewed coffee drink, or get hooked on that overly sugared and sweet dessert; they leave that to the Star-Bucks and Tullys of this world.  It will never garnish a Zagat, much less a Michelline rating. Yet, and better for it, it is a place to call your friends, companions, and loved ones over for some catching up time, and you are always greeted by a happy and engaging staff and a short line (not lines).The limited selection of drinks (Cafe Cubano, Cortadito, Cafe Con Leche, mochas, tea, and some wines, beers, and bottled soda, etc.) and snack food (macaroons, Danish, Cuban toast, Ham-Cheese-Tomato sandwiches, etc.) does not seem to encumber its charm or business.  In fact, I suspect that it adds to its charm in that simple Cuban lifestyle it is trying to get you to embrace in your imagination.  The coffee (I believe they are double shots) and food, though simple, are always fresh and quickly served up and tasty and priced fair (not too cheap and not too proud). I have not been disappointed with any part of the service or products - they also act as a small grocer for said products of coffee and tea - and I suspect I never will because I recognize it for what it is; a sincere attempt to express someone's idea of culture and service. It is a "mom and pop operation".  It is a labor of love, not commerce, though I am sure they make a shiny penny here and there.There is also an upstairs I have not visited yet.  I wonder, and this would be corny but charming, if it has a more "heavenly" motif to it.  I guess I will have to bring myself upstairs eventually.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2006,6/15/2006,40,142,8,2,2>Arrrggg.  I am so done with this place.  I have no choice but to come here, because I have a ferret, and most of the specialty pet stores in the area don't cater to that particular species (I know that my fuzzy little friend is the fastest growing pet in America, but apparently some people don't recognize a new market when they see it...)  Anyway, my beef isn't with the staff, which is knowledgeable, stocks the best ferret chow, and always gives my little buddy tons of attention when we bring him in, but with the other pet owners.  We've been bringing the fuzzball by once a year to have his vaccinations at Petco's low cost clinic, and every time we've had to stand in line with all the other "low income pets."  The problem is that their owners are the biggest nutballs in the city!  I won't even go into detail about the weird behavior that I've seen at the Petco clinic.  Suffice it to say that most of the humans there act like they are the ones who need a distemper shot.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2006,6/14/2006,470,585,3,4,4>HOORAY!! This used to be an Indian place but they closed down about six weeks ago to remodel, and I have been jonesing for chicken tikka masala so badly ever since that I literally almost jumped up and down when I saw that they're open again!The nan bread is either free this week because of the reopening, or always included (it used to cost about a dollar), and it's really good. A wonderful mix of tastes makes this a great addition to your meal.And the chicken tikka masala is still divine. Still a little spicier than I would order a la carte, but it's good for me! And I am a wuss about it; this is not that hot. They have changed the format. They used to serve you and everything had a fixed price, but now you serve yourself and you're charged by the pound. Mine worked out almost exactly the same, price-wise, so I don't care, but especially if you only want a snack, this will be a good thing for you.DAY TWO Update: (Yes, I've had Indian for lunch two days in a row now.) It's $4.99 a pound for everything, including that lovely nan bread. This is causing sticker-shock to some other regulars, who apparently are taking more than they used to be served now that they are serving themselves... one gal's meal was $8.12, and she seemed surprised.The rice no longer has peas in it, which is a cause of great joy to me... I used to pick them all out every single time I ate there. But the tikka masala is not spicy enough. It's really quite mild. The guy cooking food told me that it would be spicier tomorrow. We'll see.The cash register gal (who is actually one of the owners) is still delightful, polite and always smiling. She is obviously really happy to see so many of her regulars coming back and has been greeting many of them by name (including me). They are working hard to tweak things as people give them feedback, so if you work in Columbia Tower and like Indian food, get down there now so you can have your say!Go try it! It's authentic and tasty and a wonderful addition to the Columbia Tower food court.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2006,6/13/2006,35,53,17,24,12>I shouldn't tell you this, because the last thing I want is to have to wait longer to get my car into a repair shop, but Friedel's is fabulous -- honest, unpretentious, innovative, and friendly.After donating my beloved Saab to chop-shop anonymous last year, I got a 1964 Mercedes. Now, I don't see myself as a classic car owner and don't dig being a Mercedes owner (Q: What's the difference between a Saab driver and a Mercedes driver? A: Both wave, but the Mercedes driver only uses one finger.), but the Finny is a gorgeous car and I bought it for love. It does have one issue: it's old. Old things deteriorate.But that's not really the problem. Owning a Saab warps your idea of what car repair should cost and how often it should happen. By comparison, the Finny is a simple car and a relatively cheap repair. The hitch is finding a mechanic to do it.The first challenge is finding a mechanic who will work on old Mercs (there are about three hereabouts). The second is finding a mechanic in that subset who will talk to you (that's two). The third is finding a mechanic in that smaller subset who will make sense to you (that just leaves Friedel's).I should note that I've done a ton of research on the Finny and I can grasp simple mechanics. Tell me my snockerbozzle is improperly coupled with my fladderblaggen, and I get that -- unless you actually use the word snockerbozzle; in which case, I might have a couple of questions. Tell me it costs $800 to fix it, and I'll have a couple more. If you're a mechanic and you don't go ballistic at that point, I might love you for life. I'm just that easy. But I didn't start with Friedel. I started with Benz Friendz. They're a little inconvenient, but friendly enough and full of suggestions. And they specialize in old Mercs. Unfortunately, for all that, they couldn't diagnose or fix my car's overheating. The first thing they did was replace the head gasket for $800. I asked if they'd like to try replacing the thermostat first (a $20 part). No, they liked the head gasket, because, they said, the radiator fluid had bubbles in it. They said they test drove it afterwords and it was fine. They must be very cool guys, because the car overheated for me on the way home. I took the car back. They seemed a little defensive, but replaced the thermostat for free. They drove it around and said it was fine. For me, it overheated on the way home. I read a bunch of newsgroups. Found out about block testers - a $50 diagnostic could save you $800. Found out about infrared thermometers (also a cheap diagnostic, but harder to come by). Read about failing water pumps, citric-acid flushes, and radiator recores.I looked at my radiator fluid. It had bubbles. I called Benz Friendz and noted the car still overheating. They were dubious (like maybe I had automotive Munchhausen's and just wanted some attention). I said there were bubbles in my radiator. They said, "so?" I reminded them that bubbles were their rationale for replacing my head gasket. They said, "What are you getting at?" I rephrased. They said, "I can't see where you're going with this line of questions," and they reminded me that they'd never actually seen the car overheat. I retacked: maybe it was a radiator problem. They didn't think so. Well maybe it was a plugged hose or something. No, they said, impossible. How about the water pump? No, no, no. "Citric acid flush?" I tried timidly. Their disdain was palpable. But they'd look at the car again. If I wanted.In desperation, I turned to Yelp and found Tod's review (below...or above). And Friedel's -- remember Friedel's? this is a review about Friedel's -- said, "Put your hand on the radiator when the car is warm. If the radiator's not hot, you probably have a blockage." So simple. I did, and it wasn't. I made an appointment.But...anyone could've done that diagnostic. I know it can be hard to diagnose mechanical failures, but the Friendz had hands, didn't they? Surely, the sizzle test should've preceded a head gasket replacement. Come to think of it, so should have a thermostat replacement. And a block test. I mean, cheap diagnostics first, right?So, I took the car to Friedel's and they confirmed, quickly and sadly, that I had a radiator blockage. Sadly? I was thrilled. My god, a diagnosis. They fixed the radiator, checked a bunch of other stuff, updated me regularly. During that process, I asked if they could also install a set of shoulder belts. One day they asked me to come down for a fitting. A fitting! Because they wanted to make sure it was right. I'm practically weeping now, just thinking about it.In fact, the only downside to the whole Friedel's experience was that Friedel himself machined the bolts to attach my shoulder belt. ...Actually, that part was a little awesome. (Who makes bolts?) But, consequently, he didn't get my bolts from the fantastically named Tacoma Screw. I always wanted to buy something from Tacoma Screw.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2006,6/12/2006,28,47,,5,3>I love 94 Stewart. I have taken out-of-town friends there and they have been very impressed by how savvy I am. Their soups/chowders are rich and beautiful. I tend to always order the warm spinach salad w/ melted brie and pears. I can not begin to describe how wonderful this is. I seem to recall there is bacon involved... The only thing I haven't been truly impressed with has been the desserts. Not bad, but not fantastic, like all the food preceding it has been.The first timd I ate there my partner and I were in the market, looking for a fun and funky lunch place. We had tired of La Campagne (did they change chefs or something? It seems LC is not what it used to be) and wanted more than a grab-and-walk from Pieroshkie. We were reading the 94 Stewart menu, agreeing that it looked good. But: it was a hot and sunny day, and we had our dog with us. There was no place to tether him outside where he would be out of the sun. The host must have heard our dilemma, for he came outside and said, 'You can bring your dog in with you.' That settled it. We did. And we all had a very good time indeed.I think I'll take my in-laws there on Thursday. Yes... the plan is forming ...
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2006,6/11/2006,222,363,2,3,2>A beautiful, spacious restaurant with a very friendly staff. I had the Gang Dang with chicken, a red curry/coconut entree that was just creamy and spicy enough for my palate that night. I love bai kaplau but here it is made with ground chicken and far spicier than I like to suffer through.The crab puffs are delightful, as were the lil spring rolls. The chicken satay was good, especially the peanut sauce, but some parts of the chicken weren't cooked thoroughly for my liking (what can I say, I don't like salmonella, I'm old-fashioned that way I guess :o)). One of my dinner companions received a spicy mango salad with her entree which was quite tasty and perky in its spiciness.I will definitely go back for some more crab puffs and to try something different.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2006,6/10/2006,44,119,4,5,5>Bring on the lamb!!!!This place takes me back to one of my favorite childhood memories:  Once a year, my parents would pack us into the car, drive to San Francisco, and we'd have dinner at Mammounia's...  Oh the joy of actually being allowed to sit on the floor and eat with your fingers while belly dancers go floating by!Anyhow,  be sure to come ready to stuff yourself silly on vast amounts of tastiness.  My two personal favorites are the Salad Marrakesh (eggplant, tomatoes, cumin, and I suspect... quite a bit of olive oil), and the Chicken Bastilla (ground chicken with ground almond, currants, ginger, garlic, and usually egg...  all encased in a phyllo shell, and dusted with powdered sugar and cinnamon (a delicious combination...  come on, give it a go!!!!  You won't be sorry!)...  that's all I need really....  though the couscous with lamb is beautiful too....  and the marinated tenderloin shish kabobs...  Hurrah!!!  I LOVE FOOD!I only give it four stars because nothing can compare to the memories of my beloved Mammounia (long since closed) in SF.  Sigh....  :-)
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2008,6/19/2008,128,407,15,15,16>Had absolutely no idea it was going to look like THAT walking in here... I was expecting The Viking or a Wingmasters type of feel.Pleasantly surprised, I walked up to the viking ship of a bar and ordered one of the delicious specialty cocktails on the menu.Delicious!For a Tuesday, it was pretty empty, so we found a table and sat there for a good while.  We also ordered a plate of pomme frites with curry ketchup.  Also great!  The rest of the menu looked a bit on the ODD side, but with enough drinks in me, I think I'd try something more adventurous.The people working there were so friendly and helpful.And!  I got through the whole review without saying boobs!  Crap!  I just said it.  I'll still be back.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,6/18/2008,164,150,10,10,12>Ok, I know this place doesn't have the best dim sum in town, but it has a lot going for it, that other places don't.  Such as always having tables immediately available, the easiest parking for dim sum in town, and it is close to my house.  Hooray!Plus, the wait staff have tipped me off to some great things I never would have known to try otherwise, such as duck feet (good greasy flavor) and pea greens (buttery delicious!)This is my favorite hangover place...lighting isn't too bright, water and tea are plentiful, food swings up quickly for instant consumption, and if you don't feel like going home afterwards, you can go watch the frolicking at the dog park down the street.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,6/17/2008,204,297,12,15,13>One of Seattle's best places to spend all your money.  Did you know when you are on jury duty for the city court they give you %15 off at Elliott Bay Book Co and a two hour lunch every day?  So yeah, Seattle has lots of rainy days.  That is why we are so devoted to our books and our coffee.  Elliott Bay is a great place to spend a rainy day or stock up for a rainy day.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,6/16/2008,63,128,48,22,34>Paseo is like sex.People are always like 'mmmm, it's so good'but before you try it you're like, 'eh...'and then the first time you try it you're like, 'hmm,okay, this has potential but it's kind of messy and awkward?'and then you get to craving it,and pretty soon it's all you think about.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,6/14/2008,223,330,17,14,17>Person's name I don't' remember - "Wow I haven't seen you since high school!"Me - "I know, it's been a while"Person's name I still don't' remember - "What have you been up to all this time?"Me - "Looking for a place to drink my coffee in peace"Ok, it didn't go down exactly like that but if it did, it most certainly would have made the conversation more to the point. Zoka is not the best place for a quiet break. There's usually lots of people, many which are studying, but the place is seemingly made out of sound bouncing wood so there's always noise. It's a great place to get together with friends (whom you actually care about) and just let the hours pass as you talk and drink. However Zoka's steady rise in popularity means you'll inevitably run into people you don't know, or don't care to know. If the latter is the case, there unfortunately isn't a good place to hide in the establishment. You could always spill coffee on yourself and say you have to go to the bathroom to clean up. That's a sure fire way to end the conversation quickly
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,6/13/2008,93,300,8,10,11>The Lemon Chiffon Shake... Sometimes I wish I never had one in the first place so that I wouldn't be craving them day and night. Red Mill has great shakes and truly original flavors. The same goes for their burgers. If you think you have a fav burger at another place, come to Red Mill, and find your real true love. The no cell policy is top dog. You would expect this in formal places, but more casual restaurants are mistaken not to make this rule. It makes for a relaxed atmosphere. And since my cell rarely gets a rest, I appreciate someone giving me "permission" to turn it off and ignore others completely while I dine. Finally. Also, the onion rings are toasted to crisp perfection, and truly ginormous.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2008,6/12/2008,23,105,11,15,12>Slave to the Needle: they are the Dockers wrinkle-free, stain resistent pants of the Seattle tattoo world. Slave does terrific, classic tattoos. Looking through their books and artist bios, they have a great down-to-earth bunch with tons of experience. Each person has experience and a claim to expertise in a certain area: tribal, lots of Asian art, cover-ups. I love that they have someone who actually likes doing cover-up art, which is something so many people look for.Not an uncommon shop, they charge $50 up front for any work and $75 is usually the minimum. You'll get a clean tattoo in a well-kept shop. It's like wearing khaki pants: not dangerous, but at least you're not wearing jeans (again).It's easy to make an appointment. You just walk in, pay the down payment, and they give you a card. I think it's awesome that they accept credit cards. A lot of shops don't. At the desk, they do a little consulting. I enjoy that they don't give you crap like a lot of shops do. Sometimes they try to scare you or give you looks. But the people at Slave are very professional and personable. The down side: I'm not sure how I feel about their art. It's clean and it's sufficient, but it just doesn't pop to me. I know someone who got a dandy small tattoo here. He's very satisfied with it. However, I would think that for my tattoos, which are larger, I would check around for different artists. It could just be my tastes. I do not often wear dress pants, after all. And I like to color on my shoes. So, maybe I'm just not that into Dockers.But I have to give Slave to the Needle credit for their professionalism, courtesy and general service. Like "nice pants," they get the job done.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,6/11/2008,122,181,10,11,8>Great refried beans, Batman! No really, they're excellent! It's very hard to find good refried beans in the northwest, so when you find them, it's natural to want to latch on. Authentic consistency and just the right amount of salt. Mmmm.I also really liked the rice (which I recommend covering with the spiciest salsa from their salsa bar), cheese enchilada, and beef burrito I ordered. My dining companion really liked her taco combo as well, though she was disappointed that the chicken was so juicy it disintegrated the soft corn tortillas it was wrapped in. The chips and salsa were also quite good.Surprisingly, the only disappointment at Taqueria Tequila was the (house) margarita. It was muy terrible! I don't think it was the tequila's fault though. The mix tasted like it must have been concocted from lime Pixy Stix and antifreeze. I'd recommend opting for a top-shelf margarita with fresh lime juice or a Mexican beer if you're looking for a drink.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,6/10/2008,252,531,13,16,16>I woke-up with a migraine on my day-off. At least I'm off to nurse it, so I drove the few blocks to buy my migraine drug.This place is supposedly owned by one of my high school friends, but I didn't ask the girl behind the counter. I didn't want to ask for fear of getting better service, plus I haven't seen him in a few years. This little cafe is in a clean (not like a lot of the ones you see in SoCal) strip mall plaza in the heart of Wedgewood; nicely decorated with Van Gogh art (go figure), and cozy. I had a breve, coffee cake and the Seattle P.I for literature. "Oh, that's where Washougal, Washington is, and there's Film Festival there... interesting."$6.59 including tip. The prices are pretty decent compared to the 9 bucks I could have paid at S'bucks, plus you're helping locally owned businesses. They also have hot foods; I'll have to come back to update that.The girls were super-friendly, and not in the fake-polite way. They seem to have a big local following as seen by the first name greetings, and the busy traffic. There only about 8 tables, but there's a few outside seating for your gloomy relish. AND, of course, there's WIFI!I think I found my new hangout conveniently located between work and home.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2008,6/8/2008,131,175,11,14,13>I hesitated even writing this review. Kinda wanted to keep this one to myself, hoarding the loveliness like a child with a new toy. Then I saw that there were already 45, so I thought I'd jump into the fray.I think that this meal was in the top 2 of my best restaurant meals ever.  Seriously. We called up at 6 on a Friday night to see if we could be seated promptly at 6:30. They were totally accommodating, and didn't even hassle us when we were 15 mins late (belltown parking blows donkey dick).The place is adorable! Quaint little patio for outside summer dining, tiny little packed bar, tiny little dining area. The room is lined with wooden benches topped with comfy and brigthly colored silk pillows.  The ceiling is also covered in silk, in a patchwork of jewel toned panels. Great music was playing- an eclectic mix of groove, jazz, classical.... I don't know, but it worked. The atmosphere is lovely.Our super- friendly server arrived and got us started on some wine-  he recommended a delicious Oregon Pinot that we all really enjoyed. The wine list was pretty interesting- not TOO pricey. We had an appetizer of steamed mussels in vermouth. Shazam! so freaking good! The mussels were plump and tender, and the vermouth added a lovely herbaceousness to the broth. The three of us killed it quick.I had, as my entree, the duck confit, which was really quite spectacular. I haven't met a canard confit I haven't enjoyed, but there was something exceptional about this one. Was it the faintly cinnamon or cardamom (or both) aroma to the crispy skin? Yes. Was it the juicy and tender interior which required no knife to enjoy? Yes. The sides were perfectly executed as well- simple roasted fingerling potatoes and lightly wilted baby spinach. As I sampled my husband's amazing pork and our friend's sunchoke soup and array of sides, it became really apparent. This food is made with love. No fancy pretense, no foams, or molecular gastronomy bullshit. Great ingredients made with great care and intent. My kinda joint indeed.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/2/2011,475,222,12,13,14>A favorite of mine, big ups to Angie and Yuji, no matter how much time passes between my visits you folks are always so welcoming.I got nothin but love for this joint. I remember when I was first introduced to this spot. A friend of mind who lived in the area brought me, I have the Loco Moco, several years later (and countless plates of NOM food) I still keep coming back.I'm not that well versed in Hawaiian food and until I can try it THERE in Hawaii I'll have this place to go on. The food is always satisfying and it's safe to say I have never had a bad meal here. My usuals are the Loco Moco, Hamburger Steak, and Mochiko Chicken. All great choices and perfect when you're bloody famished and you need a little bit of that Hawaiian love in ya belly.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,4/1/2011,37,230,11,12,11>6 or so loads of laundry, no clean clothes to wear, dryer breaks, what's a girl to do??? Looked up on Yelp to find the closest place and this is where I ended up.The last time I did laundry in a laundry mat was in college and that was only for large blankets and sleeping bags, prior to that was when I was a kid and we were on the road for the summer.This is a decent place where you don't feel like you have to worry too much about your clothes or stuff being taken.  Although I wouldn't just leave things around.There are plenty of machines to use and luckily a change machine for you to use if you need quarters.Didn't purchase soap or dryer sheets there, so I couldn't tell you if it's worth bringing your own to save on money or to purchase there if you don't want to carry it all with you.To waste time while waiting, they have free wi-fi.. THANKFULLY!!!Never saw an attendant, but you do have to call somewhere to be able to get the code to use their bathroom.  There are also vending machines with snacks and drinks, if you are absolutely desperate, but just around the corner is a plaid pantry / gas grocery mart type place which I'm sure has many more choices.If in a pinch again, I'd think of this place to come to.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,3/31/2011,142,37,27,26,22>Have I died?Is this the future?I'm used to old sad dusty empty libraries where you could probably set up house somewhere in the back and they wouldn't find you for days. I do not wish to participate in the form vs. function debate.Or discuss the smelliness.It's great that i can place holds online, even on items that are housed in other branches. There is an increasingly impressive database of digital media that you can check out on the website. Very few mac compatible things but I can't complain when it's free!There are free events in the auditoriums like lunchtime concerts and author readings. And ESL classes and conversation groups. And ubernerdy library tours.They have foreign language books that satisfy this glossophile.There are meeting rooms and - I'm not sure I want to divulge this scarcely known fact - music practice rooms that you can reserve! I get crazy CRAVINGS to play the piano and I used to run around playing lobby pianos but I do not enjoy running from security.The whole building is glass so you can look out at beautiful Seattle. The sun will warm you in the summer and raindrops look beautiful running down the glass. Is there anything better than reading a delicious book to the sound of raindrops? And do you know how lucky I am? MY APARTMENT IS ONLY A FEW BLOCKS AWAY. Seattle, *sniffle* I'm never *tear* ever *wipes eye* going to *honk* leave you, k? *I'm so grateful for this library I even capitalized and didn't use a single naughty word. FUCKING AMAZING. oops*
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,3/30/2011,109,455,6,10,9>This was a great way to close out Breakfast Club for the year.  As the sister restaurant to one of my favorites (table 219), I had high expectations and Geraldine's Counter didn't disappoint.The space is more cafe/diner style than intimate and cozy, which makes it a good hangout for friends having breakfast together.  It obviously gets quite busy after 9am on the weekends, as the crowd huddled outside and around the door could attest.  Despite that, the staff is on the ball, taking orders, refilling coffees, etc.  Large groups can easily throw any server off his game, but ours was on top of it and whisked around the table taking orders as people filtered in.Someone recommended I try the Casserole, and I was grateful for the recommendation, as I might still be sitting there trying to decide otherwise!  The casserole was very good, and the sourdough toast that came with it was really good, and I generally don't care for bread.  I will probably try another item next time I come here, just because there were so many good sounding choices.The two negatives were small -- one, the way the tables were arranged, I had a less than thrilling view of the hall to the bathrooms, and two, my coffee mug had a large crack running down the side.  I'm sure they would've replaced it had I asked, but since the liquid stayed where it belonged, I didn't bother.  Prices were very reasonable, especially for the large quantity of food served.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,3/29/2011,160,99,12,20,16>Oh Fremont.  How exceptionally mysterious you are.  I particularly love how all your most posh and opulent venues are tucked away in another corner of which one would never look.  Unless they were Hot on Yelp =)So let's see.....driving to this place was actually easy....it was finding it between the houses and small businesses that it's located that was the most challenging.  But YAY we finally found it (now it has a sign which apparently it didn't have before..?)   First thing you see is the many, many barrels in a big warehouse at the front.  But if you venture to the side you will find the front door to the restaurant as well as an eager host waiting to assist you. Going inside you'll notice the ambiance is quite timeless.  The decor and lush seats and candles everywhere romanced my mind before I even noticed the menu.  We had reservations for 8:30 but ventured to the bar first before since we were a tad early.  An amazing choice because their marble double layered bar was an attribute to their style and having a simple cocktail was definitely in store after a day of work slash crazy Christmas shopping.  I especially liked their bar and espresso machine.  We happened to land a corner booth table (YES!) and were treated with crazy good service.  Food wise, we started with the foie gras.  (scrumptious & full of flavor)  and the chef gave us samples of their parley soup in a shot glass ...hehe....  which was warm and palette pleasing as it should be.  Props for complimentary samples.  I ordered the Duo of Pork because who can resist the temptation of pork belly AND pork chop!?!?  And a wise choice as it was set down with much anticipation.   My partner in Book -Binary- crime had the Flavor Curve which consisted of tasty and succulent steak in a pleasing presentation that made  the entire house jealous for meaty goodness.  The service here was fast and slow.  Hard to judge because they are still new.  I feel the bartender and host was amazing and the server was great once we actually were seated.  I appreciate their effort and I enjoyed their attentiveness to detail.  This is a place that will definitely grow and become one of the best kept secrets in Seattle.PS.  Try their hot-buttered-rum creme brulee.  Oh man I could die right then and there.....
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,3/28/2011,200,171,12,11,15>A giant, Homer Simpson-sized dollop of drool is forming at the side of my mouth just thinking about the delicious short ribs at Lecosho. Mmmm... short ribs...Oh, sorry, I'm back.Lecosho is rich and exciting with warm lighting, dark wood and leather, and tufted velvet. Every comfortable seat has an intriguing view of either the back of the restaurant where the kitchen is working it's meat-tastic voodoo or out the window onto the Harbor Steps.But all that was eclipsed by the incredible food: the duck confit, the octopus, the duck-drenched potatoes, the brussels sprouts and especially the ribs.Oh no, I feel another rib reverie coming on...
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,3/26/2011,94,80,17,25,22>Maria Hines? You mean the James Beard award winning Chef ? She traveled around the Eastern Mediterranean and brought back their ancient old culinary secrets and surprises? To Ballard?!?! No wonder Cairo is breaking out in protests....What? Too soon?Well when it comes to restaurants, the culinary giant that is Ballard has another badge of honor to add to its litany of fine dining experiences. Maria Hines sophomore adventure jumps into the spices and flavors originating from the regions of Egypt, Greece, Turkey, Israel and beyond meld perfectly in her interpretations of their classic dishes.The night began with a trio of well-known dips: hummus, "yogurt sauce" (aka tzatziki) and muhammara.  Although seemingly humble, Hines kicks up the volume of these dips by intensifying the tastes and textures with extraordinarily flavors and one hell of a food processor. As my dining friend described it "The smoothest, most velvety hummus I've ever eaten. I can never get my hummus this smooth!" The muhammara sauce is a delightful combination of walnut, pomegranate molasses and olive oil. An enjoyable complex labyrinth of sweet, tangy, savory and unbelievable spice. Good thing my dining buddies are wusses in the spice department, more for me ;) All dips are served with their house-made pita bread fresh from their stone brick oven. Our journey through the Mediterranean continued with the Za'atar spiced French Fries (in HELLO beef fat) and Sous Vide (of course you would Hines...*shakes fist*) Snails!Move over, "potato souffle fries" from Luc, there is a new sheriff in town. And thy name is Beef Fat French fries. Crisply crunchy and spicefully delicious, these are definitely going to be grabbed up and sold out before you know it. Served with a kick your ass spicy dijon mustard. The Snails, however, not what I was expecting. Not that the broth the little buggers swam in wasn't delicious, just do not order if you are expecting Escargot. The snails, looking like snails, were presenting in a perfumed broth laced with slightly sweet/slightly spicy licorice and woodsy celery root which was so floral it tasted like devouring a blooming garden. In the best possible way. The taste and texture of the snails were like clams. But the broth was a little piece of heaven.We traveled on back to Greece with the "Spinach Cigars" aka spanakopita. The filo dough wrapped treats arrived looking like little cigars stacked like Lincoln logs on a bed of their ygourt tzatziki sauce. Crunchy and creamy, salty and tart, these babies embodied a lightened version of the vegetarian dish. Pretty good. But I next time I'm going for the Rabbit Kidneys. The entree was a no brainer. Lamb tagine. Do you have poor dentition? Dentures? Edentulous? Well crap, that will not be a problem. The leg of lamb is braised and bathed slow and low to the point that it melts in your mouth....no chewing needed. The best part is that it actually has that good gamey lovely lamby taste. Served on a bed of their housemade cous cous, steamed cauliflower, and deliciously salty green olives. All in all, a fantastic evening of culinary delights of well-known Mediterranean dishes Hines-a-fied and turned on their head. Nothing from what you'd find at Tilth.I'll go so far as to say Golden Beetle: Woop! Woop! Tilth: snooze....Less expensive than Tilth. Less stuffy than Tilth. Better Food than Tilth.OH...PS the complimentary Harissa on the table...piece de resistance!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,3/25/2011,37,191,4,11,8>As a lifelong lover of Chinese food and a seeker of excellent eats, this is easily my favorite Sichuan restaurant. They know the Sichuan region intimately, specializing in Chongqing style dishes that will likely cause your forehead to sweat!It takes some time to get used to the menu, even for someone like me who knows Cantonese and Mandarin cuisines thoroughly and can name most stuff on a dim sum cart by sight.  But this is not Cantonese food by any stretch - it's a whole other province entirely.  Your best bet is the old standby - feign a trip to the restroom, taking the longest possible route, and look for tables whose dishes catch your eye.  (Staff are remarkably understanding and on request will discretely peek at the other tables and report what they're having.)Execution on main menu dishes is bullet-proof.  The Dan Dan Noodles put Szechuan Noodle Bowl to shame, and are hands-down the best in town.  They're on the appetizer menu but are a meal in themselves, with plenty of ground pork.  Other faves - Tea-Smoked Duck, Fried Dumplings, and Fish Fillet in Szechuan Sauce is excellent.  Even when I've ordered something not to my taste I can't blame it on the cooking.  The one exception would be some of the non-Sichaun dishes - the General Tso's Chicken and Kong Pao Chicken are both examples of excess sweetness.  If you don't like spicy, I'd suggest the brown sauce dishes instead.And then there is the cold bar - Sichuan cured meats and pickle vegetables, including beef tongue, chicken gizzards, pig ears, pickled green beans, peanuts with dried anchovies, etc.  For $5.99 you get a choice of three items, heaping portions of each.  If I'm in a hurry I'll get this for take-out and have plenty of leftovers.  I feel the need to respond to a couple of criticisms I've seen for this restaurant:  Some have complained that you can't taste the food for all the chilis and Sichuan peppercorns.  They have a point, but that happens to be the style of this cuisine.  These folks cook authentic, real-deal Sichuan, and I see it regularly on the looks from all the happy patrons.  Regarding cleanliness - the bathrooms are very clean, the tables are clean, the food is clean, and this place seems to be a magnet for couples on first dates.  Fairly atypical for Chinese restaurants in these parts.  There was a closure early on, caused by a need to bring the cold bar up to spec for the Health Dept.  It was done at considerable cost and took weeks, to me that shows they want to do this thing right.  You be the judge, but IMHO we're damn lucky to have this restaurant in our midst.  Check it out, and read recommendations for what to order, and ask the waitstaff.  Enjoy.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,3/24/2011,264,133,10,15,10>Love the ladies here.They give me a simple (cheap) buzz, they're pleasantly chatty (where else can I discuss mycology, haunted apartments, neighborhood gossip about that Scooby-Doo-ish rotting old mansion that nobody seems to live in?) and I can usually sneak in a non-reserved cut during the hours they're operating, even closer to the weekend. I've also had them squeeze me in between appointments when I can get away with it.The wait isn't too terrible, the free soda/tea is a relaxing perk, it's a very nice shop and I'm glad to have it in the community.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,3/23/2011,220,284,11,17,13>You know the Pike Place fish throwing gents. The ones who flirt with passerby like mad and throw out friendly hello's! while singing to their fish. Now if you can, tear yourself away from this fun spectacle and lean to the left of their giant frozen seafood case. Do you see a view of the water and what is that, a small little sign and steps? That's Place Pigalle, a corner tucked away in a corner of Pike Place Market. French + seafood + view AND Seattle Restaurant Week prices? It was an evening that had 'fantastique' written all over it. The service was top notch from the start with a gentleman seating us promptly and presenting us with menus and glasses of water. I couldn't even tell who the owner or manager of the restaurant was throughout the evening because every single person that came by our table was so knowledgeable and gracious. Started with the very very French Escargot de Bourgogne which is simply, snails. in. butter. I'm gross and love them! Came with crispy slices of baguette which was more than enough to mop up the extra garlicky butter left behind. The main course was one of the restaurant's specialties: Bouillabaisse Provençale which is a hearty seafood broth with chunks of tomato, potato and half the ocean's creatures from mussels to crabs to prawns lovingly stacked on top. Companions had roast pork (a bit dry) and the chipotle veal ribs (fell right off the bone). The main courses alone are normally the price of the entire SRW menu!We then ended the evening with their "best in Seattle" creme brulee which was certainly delicious but I wouldn't say it was #1 in my book. They almost played it too safe with the classic dessert. Overall, a wonderful experience with good friends. I can see this being tres romantic since it's a cozy French joint with a great view.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,1/1/2014,108,365,6,8,4>This gets the vote for the friendliest service I've had in quite a long time. Judy the owner is very sweet and treats everyone (even newbies like us) like family. That right there earns at least four stars. But the food was excellent! I ordered the french dip, my son ordered a corn dog and my friend ordered a turkey cranberry wrap. Our food came quickly, but we had time to partake in the tradition of drawing a pickle portrait for the walls of pickle. That's the cool part about this little gem - you get paper and colored pencils so you are free to let your pickle juices flow.  But once our food arrived, we were amazed by what we received. My French Dip was huge, with soft bread and wonderful, slightly smoky beef and the perfect amount of Swiss cheese. I loved the au jus - it was super flavorful and perfectly accompanied the sandwich. I also ordered onion rings - they were perfectly battered and wonderfully crispy with nice smooshy onions on the inside. My son's corndog was standard Foster Farms, and his french fries were pretty much what you get at any restaurant, but they made him happy, and that's all that counts. Now, the most impressive part of our dining experience was my friend's turkey cranberry wrap. That baby was HUGE - I swear it weighed about two pounds - so if you weren't particularly hungry, you could use the sandwich as hand weights. But, I wouldn't advise that because you could miss out on some pretty intense yumminess. All in all, the experience was amazing. The restaurant is super-clean and Judy is so amazing! I would recommend this place to anybody who happens to be in the area, but I also think my family will be making a few more special trips out to the country to visit this little gem.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/31/2013,186,474,8,19,11>I had an absolutely EXQUISITE birthday dinner here. I wish I hadn't waited two weeks to review Altura so the experience was fresher in my mind! My boyfriend had called and made reservations. Immediately, the service was outstanding. They asked him if we wanted to sit at a table or at the bar so we could view the open kitchen. They also asked about food allergies, so our server and the kitchen could be prepared for any specific needs. I'm gluten-intolerant, and I'd had no idea that the host had asked the boy about allergies, so I was very pleasantly surprised when our server began describing the gluten content on the menu and the different ways they could alter dishes to accommodate my needs. So considerate!The space itself is great - it's small and intimate without being too crowded or loud. We sat at the bar so we could watch the chefs work, and didn't bump elbows with anyone all night. Altura manages to hit that very fine point between unpretentious, neighborhood restaurant and fine dining - obviously it's upscale and the food is divine (and the price point reflects that) but it's not stuffy or stiff, but welcoming. Chef/owner Nathan Lockwood was in the kitchen himself, cooking up a storm, and took the time to greet and chat with the diners. Overall, the service was excellent - just like the space itself, our server was professional and welcoming, just casual enough to make us feel at home and at ease. The sommelier nailed the wine pairings. I could really see how much heart, care and hard work went into Altura and its everyday functionality, and it made me happy to be there. We chose the four-course menu with wine pairings. The kitchen started us out with an amuse bouche which I've already forgotten (don't judge me!) but that doesn't mean it wasn't memorable! For the first course, I had the chilled melon soup with lobster and speck (a cured proscuitto-like meat) and it was fantastic! The soup itself was delicately, lightly flavored and complemented the tender, delicate lobster perfectly; the speck added a little salty, smoky kick. The boy had the Oregon quail - sliced stuffed breast with green beans and hazelnuts, also with speck. Tender, warm, succulent, the meat melted on the tongue. I said to hell with the gluten thing for once (it's my birthday!) and got a pasta course. Pappardelle is my favorite pasta in the universe and I couldn't turn it down. It was tossed with braised tripe and oxtail in a light tomato sauce with calabrian chiles - I was a little apprehensive about trying tripe for the first time, but Chef Lockwood told me not to be afraid ("it's not scary tripe; it's friendly tripe") so I bit the bullet and I'm glad I did! The tripe and oxtail were cooked perfectly, to melt-in-your-mouth tenderness, the pappardelle was just a touch past al dente and the chiles added a smoky, spicy kick. The boy had the agnolotti with duck, pheasant, chanterelles and crispy fried sage. Not quite as memorable as the pappardelle, but still excellent and prepared to perfection.For our mains I had the halibut with spinach, fried artichoke and diavolicchio peppers. Again, perfect! Tender, fall-apart halibut that wasn't at all fishy; the diavolicchio added a depth to the dish without overwhelming heat and the artichoke provided a bite of salt. The boy had the duck breast, and it was tender, succulent, moist - some of the best duck I've ever tasted. Instead of dessert, we both ordered the cheese course. I had a soft, creamy water buffalo milk cheese (!!) and the boy had a pungent, salty gorgonzola. The water buffalo cheese was served with a generous portion of pork belly, crumbled nuts and fried crispy sage, presented on the plate as an Italian flag! I found that amusing, and it was absolutely delicious. And even though we hadn't ordered dessert, the kitchen presented us with tiny cups of mascarpone with whipped hot cocoa poured over, with a candle in a raspberry and a 'Happy birthday!' written on the plate. Luckily it was a dessert we could drink, because at that point we were both stuffed! The four-course meal took us just over four hours (!!) and we left shortly after midnight. The restaurant had closed at that point and the chefs were cleaning up and putting away the ingredients and instruments, yet they still took the time to chat with us and no one rushed us to leave. We were welcome to take our time, savor the food, enjoy the experience and roll out fat and happy. No wonder Seattle Magazine had given Altura the Best Restaurant award! It's well-deserved.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/30/2013,73,122,7,11,6>This little mom and pop deli is actually a cute little place right off of Evergreen Way.I came by with a few friends this weekend which was their opening weekend and we had some fabulous, authentic Mexican food. I had the carne asada tacos, flan, a torta, two tamales, horchata, flan and ice cream that came in a fresh cantaloupe. Please don't judge me, I came with my man.The food is fantastic. It's super fresh, and because its family run, you can tell the owners are so excited to be opening this new restaurant. I loved that they have small sides of a creamy sour cream that you can drizzle on all of your food, and two different salsas at the table to also enjoy. I was a little embarrassed to be eating an entire cantaloupe to myself, but it was so fresh and the ice cream inside was delicious. I have never thought to use cantaloupe as a topping, or a bowl for that matter, and personally I thought it was genius.I totally recommend checking out Ade's Mexican Deli. It was fast, friendly, and delicious. How can you beat that?
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/29/2013,294,325,5,7,6>Definite five-star review. I've now been here a couple times...and will keep coming back.The food is delicious, home-style cooking. My favorite so far is the Country Scramble. And of course the cinnamon roll. But back to the main plate, you get so much on your plate. Its an oval plate and completely covered with food. The scrambled eggs are full of sausages and mushrooms, and covered in Tillamook cheddar. The home fries (house potatoes) have so much flavor in them...you can taste the good flavors of the other foods in them. I get the house made toast. Very good, but you just get one slice. Bread this good, you should get at least two slices. That being said, it doesnt take away from the stars. Just makes you want more on your next visit. Others at my table had the reuben, biscuits and gravy, and french toast with berries and creme fraiche. I tried the reuben, hands down the second best reuben ive had in the greater seattle area. The only thing that could make it equal to the best is if they used rye bread instead of the house bread. My son said best biscuits and gravy ever, and my friends daughter would order the french toast for the creme fraiche alone. So...well played Maltby Cafe. Absolutely zero complaints at our table about the food or the service. The servers are super friendly and always there for refills or whatever is needed. The place is always super packed, but they handle it well considering how stressful it can be. Oh yeah, and don't forget to try the preserves that comes with toast. I just eat it with a spoon. So good.The place is busy, but the longest I've waited is 30 minutes. Not bad. Im sure its been longer at times, but I dont think that will change my future review. Im prepared for the wait.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/28/2013,451,337,15,15,12>Hello spice fest !!Picture a long rainy drive into Issaquah~ Now picture driving around in that rain with crazy traffic and getting lost. Finding this place was no piece of cake. It is tucked away in the not so popular street. it is small and almost cute.We walked into an empty restaurant around 2:30 pm. There was no one in the restaurant and I mean absolutely no one. For all we know: we could've invited some passer by and throw ourselves a random Chinese siesta!After 10-12 minutes later: the owner finally came out from the kitchen! Phewww~ thanked my lucky stars for that one. On to our foooood:  I love all things spicy! I love my hot oil and I love my spicy red peppers and the occasional heartburn that comes with it.  My lovely intern however have yet to venture out on his pallet. Having just tried some thai food prior to this lunch during our lunch meeting: my intern was pretty pump about trying yet another new thing!Food: Spicy beef noodle soup- 5 stars spiceSzechuan Chicken - 2 stars for JeremyPickled pepper fish - 4 stars   The food came out pretty fast. Well at least our entrees anyways. The beef noodles took a while to come out. I almost took it to go. My intern's szechuan chicken came out so much red-der in color and my 4 stars fish look harmless. Or so he thought. I watched him tried a piece of my fish and choked on it for a good 5 minutes. Poor guy!!! They really don't mess around with the spice here. I love it. Intern: not so much.Last but not least: spicy beef noodle soup! That thing was hugeeee and loaded with tons of beef. I mean a good fatty tendon-y chewy pieces of meat. It was soooo good and so hot! At this point: my intern's face matched my red shoes. He was inflame with spice from inside and out. First time for everything I supposed ;)Our lovely lunch came to a halt when we lost one of the giant tendon piece from our soup bowl. Holy red oil  batman! That thing just splashed us all over! Overall: it was a fun lunch! My intern nearly died from the spiciness AND we had to go buy some emergency shirts for our next meeting but  the food was good. We'll probably be back next time we are in this part of the town!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,12/27/2013,184,320,6,8,8>Spacious and a newer version of the drive-thru theatre. Instead, you walk in, order some food and drinks and it's like a movie and a show! I LOVE IT! My friend introduced this theatre to me and it was AMAZING! Albeit quite a drive north, but well worth the experience and if you don't care too much about watching the movie the day it comes out, wait a bit and watch the movie for less.The food isn't bad at all either. Sometimes I imagine theatre food to be mediocre, but the food isn't all too bad. I'm basing this off my first-time experience, and service was not too bad. I didn't get any "I hate my job" type of service and we had all the condiments we need along with arm room. I will say I wanted a bit more leg room, but altogether the space made sense. I hate eating at a dinner table that feels oddly too far. Overall, great experience. I would make it out there again and try to introduce it to new friends. Great for kids, especially if they're hungry and you need a reason for them to keep seated.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,12/26/2013,102,121,6,12,9>It's hard to narrow down my review of Grog to anything other than a novel...but I'll try. There is just SO much good stuff to say about this place that I have to confine myself to bullet points! -Cocktails menu is AWESOME and very inventive! -Space, vibe, service were perfectly suited to Ballard - great spot! -Must Try Cocktail: The Long riffle served with Hum and Grapefruit beer. This is an awesome experience and you HAVE to try it!-Favorite Cocktail: Black Flag -Hot Grog: Ben Nevis is a wonderful winter sipper-Cold Grog: Dainty Canal is a dangerously good ... I could drink that one for days! -Food: We tried half the menu and between the Spice Market Short Ribs, Julio's Citrus Salad, Sichuan Sandwich, Popcorn Chicken, and DonutsFavorite Food: Sichuan Sandwich hands DOWN stole my taste buds heart! The rest of the dishes were GOOD but I had to name a favoriteIn short- go here immediately and follow this plan: Round 1- (Optional- depending if you want dessert) Order off the Hot or Cold Grog menu to get the party started Round 2- Order a smaller plate and The Long Rifle Round 3- Get the Sichuan Sandwich and Black FlagRound 4- Donuts and either a hot grog or branch out End- Happy tummy, happy person! Repeat weekly for best "happy" results :)
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,12/25/2013,115,451,23,19,15>Rollin' down the street eatin' banh mi, sippin' on taro boba......laid back, with my mind on coconut jelly and coconut jelly on my mind.They have food stuffs that I can't pronounce, but oddly know what ingredients are in them. In addition to banh mi, they have a hot case full of delectables which I still have yet to try because I'm usually here for a lil something sweet to nibble or drink.They have a huge variety of colored rice cakes, black sesame cookies, even moon cakes. The refrigerated section is pretty impressive with a rainbow of refrigerated, jellified yumminess. The big surprise that I come back here for are the boba teas--and the multiple varieties they come in! They use fresh fruit in their smoothies, which not only cuts down on the fake sweetness that some other places have issues with, but it just tastes better, of course! I recommend their (non-fruit) Taro, (fruity) Papaya, Mango, Coconut and Pennywort drinks ^_^
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,12/24/2013,59,154,3,8,6>I don't have to write a long review to tell you how delicious this place is. Just drive by when they are open and see for your self. Their storefront is always packed with people inside and out. Granted their restaurant is small, there is always a crowd in front of their entrance. People will wait as long as it takes to get a seat because the sushi here is fresh, delicious and inexpensive.I use to come here a lot when I was in college with my friends. It was a nice, cheap way to have a great bite to eat. My favorite is the chirashi (it's not in the menu, you must ask for it by name) and the spicy tuna. The one thing that I discovered during my date with my wonderful man was the onigiri (rice ball stuffed with salmon and topped with seaweed/sesame seeds. Just writing this review makes me want to go and get some sushi from Musashi... but this time I'd like to go right when they open so I don't have to wait! I don't like to wait when I'm hungry, except when I am waiting in front of their door. The delicious smells wafting from their vent keeps me going until I sit down and order.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,12/23/2013,92,149,7,8,7>When I found out Travelers closed the Capitol hill location, my mind went black and I think I had a stroke.  But thanks to Yelp, I was able to track down this location on Beacon Hill.  The thali menu changes every month, which keeps me coming back here at least once a month!!  Everything is so absolutely positively delicious here.  I loooove the mango, yogurt and cilantro chutneys, they taste amazing with naan, their vegetable pakoras or their amazing samosas! The full thali is pretty big, its best to share with 2 people.  For one person I think the Rice bowl is great because it pretty much has everything thali has but in 1 bowl, and its only $6! The only thing is that there is a wait before food comes out, but they also have variety of tea to pass time and relax.  The wait is well worth it in my opinion though.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,9/4/2013,75,182,22,12,12>a genie: "Hey, Peter."me: "Yes?"a genie: "Do you like board games?"me: "So much, yes."a genie: "Do you like tasty nachos?"me: "As much as I like breathing, yes."a genie: "Do you enjoy well-crafted beers?"me: "I don't understand what all goes into crafting a beer, but YES."a genie: "Well, do you like super cozy ambience, cushy seats, hip muzak, and being surrounded by people who not only love playing games but appreciate them so much that they are careful not to lose the pieces or bend the corners of cards or spill drinks or food on them?"me: "Yes, a thousand times YES!"a genie: (gently exhaling in Peter's ear) "You're welcome."(both hop into genie's Prius and starts to drive; Peter is visibly upset that the car is moving but he can't hear any of the "car noises" and wonders to himself how the car is moving when it isn't on...)(arrives at Cafe Mox)me: "Oh my....... Gaww...................d... (single blood tear)This place is so rad. Free board games and beer and tasty foods and good company (not provided by Cafe Mox, you need to make your own friends)!! My haven! Oh! WARNING. Be mindful of what you're ordering cause concentrating on games like Catan and Ticket to Ride can distract you from the fact that you've ordered three beers, nachos, and a tuna salad sammich and combined with your girlfriend's beer, you've just spent over $50. Yikesface!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,9/3/2013,167,645,1,9,7>Blue Acre has been open for awhile so I am surprised that I haven't gotten around to a review, given the number of times I have been here.  With the same team that brought you Steelhead Diner, Blue Acre focuses on sustainable seafood, which fortunately for us in Seattle, means lots of oysters, wild salmon and halibut, but also some very good takes on some surprising dishes.  The pickled herring was actually quite good, and for anyone who has had matje in northern Europe, this is a very good version at half the price.  If available, the fried smelts are also very good, and the oyster casbarian is a very nice rendition of the classic Rockefeller.  And speaking of oysters, Blue Acre has a great selection although a bit pricey, as some of my faves were price about a dollar more than at my usual haunts, so a dozen Kusshis or shigokus will run you $42, so it helps to go to the happy hour at the bar here. As for entrees, almost everything I have had here has been very good.  The black cod is one of the faves, as are the grilled salmon dishes.   But two of my faves are the Dungeness crab and steak.  The Dungeness crab can be prepared one of four ways, and I loved the current preparation with red chili.  A whole crab is perfectly cooked with just the right amount of heat.  The "Angry" version with garlic and basil is also very good.  Also another sleeper on the menu was the ribeye steak.  It's not always on the menu, but I was very satisfied with the cut and flavor.  And at $38, it is actually quite a good deal compared to steak houses that would easily charge $10 more.As for desserts, the sundae is my favorite here.  Yes, it sounds pretty plain but what you get is substantial with the warm brownies being an X factor.  It's also not always on the menu, but it's the perfect way to end a meal and celebrate Americana .Overall, while it might be on the pricey side, Blue Acre delivers on quality seafood and solid service.  They also have great deals on 3 course lunch and dinners, so that's an option as well.  While a lot of the action is in the neighborhoods these days, Blue Acre has been a solid choice for years in downtown, just kitty corner from Pacific Place, where there is a dearth of good options.  Definitely a good place for a shopping break and also for a longer lunch or dinner too!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,9/2/2013,200,531,14,12,10>Oh my....Bakery Nouveau is on my bus route to and from work, so I pass by it twice a day.  I might have to invest in some blinders (you know, the ones that horses wear) to keep myself from getting into trouble.  Anyway, I stopped by to pick up some dessert for my boyfriend's birthday.  I was immediately greeted by people behind the counter, and one really friendly gentleman helped me make my choices (there were so many options) -- I opted for a slice of the pistachio cassis, limoncello, classic chocolate cake, and a bluberry and lemon fruit tart.  I threw in a twice-baked almond croissant too; I couldn't resist.  They were packed in a fun box and I was on my way home.I was really sad to see that they didn't make the trip home very well, but the flavor was still there.  The chocolate cake looked extremely chocolatey and decadent, and though it was rich, it wasn't overpoweringly chocolatey, to my surprise, and we pretty much gobbled the entire thing up after dinner.  The same went for the fruit tart and the other cakes.  Don't even get me started on the croissant.... It was....amazing, to say the least.  I'm actually craving one now as I'm writing my.......umm....I gotta go.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,9/1/2013,77,125,3,10,6>This is not your typical conveyor-belt sushi restaurant. As soon as you walk in, you will open the tall glass doors to a much higher end experience than what you might expect. After being greeted at the door by a handsome host, I walked past a modern bar on the left followed by a sleek seating area.If you are lucky enough to get a seat at the sushi bar, take it! The owner and chef Shinchiro greets his guests and tells you the wonderful story of his delicacies from local purveyors of fine fish and organic vegetables as well as specialties flown in from Japan and other exotic countries. Priced just slightly higher than most conveyor belt sushi places, the cuts of fish are very fresh and generous, more than worth the price. Try one of their more challenging dishes. The chef is great at recommending fun culinary treasures like the squids liver marinated overnight in soy sauce and sliced jalapeno and unusual sides like the snappy  ginger-colored seaweed and crunchy green seaweed chips!Go to Ten Sushi for the best service, an education in the latest Japanese trends and, of course, the tastiest sushi! If this was the soft opening, I can't even imagine what to expect on my next trip.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,8/31/2013,118,62,3,7,6>I'm going to throw my 30th birthday here! Great small plates and tapas lounge right off the West Seattle Bridge on Avalon Way. The interior is a cozy, modern/industrial space with lots of candles and a jazz band on some nights. My favorites on the menu are their sliders with a potato brioche bun and their mini corn dogs with a honey mustard and chipotle dipping sauce. They have a specialty cocktail list with their own creations and twists on the standards. Great place to bring a date or friends and just catch up!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,8/30/2013,210,177,3,11,6>I will be a regular here. I have been anxiously waiting for Von Trapp's to open. I walk by here almost every day since it was an empty warehouse, to a furniture store, and now it has become the castle in which I belong. I came on opening night. Yes, on Chinese New Year! May this business prosper and bring happiness to all! As I entered the building and walk pass the hostess' stand there is a huge island bar to the left. I turn my gaze to the back of the restaurant and I couldn't even see the back wall and the ceilings were really high. This place was huge!  It had two different upstairs loft areas and a beer hall and bocce ball! Right away, we went up to the huge bar. It was a little bit of a wait, but the bartendar acknowleged us and was really friendly. We didn't know what to order so he made a couple beer recommendations which we enjoyed very much. We also wanted something more hard and stiff so he let us sample some Cognac, which we ordered a few rounds of. Yes! We were going to get wasted on a Sunday! All day!We were starving and wanted to sit to eat, so we got on the list for a table. It was about an hour wait. The place was packed with people enjoying themselves. Time must have flew by because after roaming around the place and people watching, our table was ready. Several of our other friends joined us and we ordered a bunch of food. The chicken werner shnitzel, some pretzel, spicy smoked bratwurst, and some stew and some pepporoni flatbread (sooo.. yum!)...  I scarfed it all down and was happy.. :) The night was a lot of fun and I was with good company.  I'll be back real soon.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,8/29/2013,121,279,7,7,7>Not Biscuit Mages, Panini Sorcerers, or Cupcake Magicians that food truck with a beard is in fact the infamous Cheese Wizards!I encountered Cheese Wizards during the opening of the Art of Video Games exhibit at the Electronic Music Project (EMP).  There was a limited menu for the event, but this did not stop the spell Cheese Wizards cast over us.  It began with crisply toasted cheese sandwiches but the enchantment really took hold once we dipped them into the tomato soup.  The Wizards have achieved mobile meal alchemy perfection.The idea for this truck was alluring but upon tasting the results I am happily bewitched.  Until next time Cheese Wizards...
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,8/28/2013,108,168,7,11,9>Dang you Georgetown! As if you weren't cool enough you went and opened Brass Tacks. Edgy, arts, boozy goodness and food that could stand it's ground with any "Foodie" Seattle neighborhood. The decor seems dark and moody at first and then it hits you, this is way more earthy with all the elements of metal, wood and a freaking tree growing from the kitchen. Are you serious (yep dumb question). Staff is pretty sweet, not that I was expecting any less and the guys in the kitchen look just hipster enough to know they are serious about what you are going to put in your face so, get ready for it to be damn good.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,8/27/2013,307,492,5,12,9>I've been passing by Grandma's Girl Thai for a while, and I can't think of a good reason why I haven't stopped in. Okay, maybe because I live east of it and don't want to attempt a left turn up Smith... LAME REASON.The food is delicious. The staff is incredibly friendly. I mean... the first time my bf and I went there, we left with oranges. So sweet!The quality and portions are excellent. And... they're open on Sundays. My favorite is the tofu Panang Curry with 3 stars. Plenty of tofu, unlike most of the other Thai restaurants I've had it at. Don't just drive by. You're missing out.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,8/26/2013,181,265,10,14,10>The day I went their sign said "le langue de amour est ecrit dans le beurre"... the language of love is written in butter. That should be enough.I went on a grey Saturday morning and joined a line of what was eventually ~20 people waiting before they'd even opened. The line moved orderly and quickly though. I picked out a little of everything. A cheddar paprika croissant which you'll read many raves about on here, the folks behind me said it was "too much flavor" (?) but I didn't think so for how bold that could taste, it was still light and flaky. An apricot-stilton scone: I could hardly taste the stilton at all, just had a very buttery texture.Pink peppercorn shortbread: tasty, light, very delicately flavoredKouign amman (sounds like queen aman) which was the crown jewel: inside buttery and flaky like a dense croissant and I believe rolled in butter and sugar which becomes crystallized like heaven must surely be.Canele is a little bell that has the texture of folded over crepe inside and a nice sweet hard shell.Macarones were great: real fruit/tea flavors, and seasonal!Finally cream puffs, individually filled upon ordering which is just magnifique, they take the puff pop the tip of the pastry bag in and fill it to a nice plump puff of (in my case) real mango-y goodness. Yum!I'll definitely come back, but it would be a real splurge because all of the above cost ~$25. Worth it though. And the service is very pleasant, happy to answer your questions, not feeling rushed at all.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,3/12/2009,225,519,4,7,5>What a great space! Barolo lived up to what I wanted it to be and more. The late night happy hour was an inviting way to try Barolo out. I was thrilled that Barolo was located in a part of Seattle that I could get parking in on a Saturday night at 10pm. The location was directly accross from McDonalds on Westlake making it an easy target to find for my boys who are direction challenged. When we arrived at 9:50 the bar area was starting to fill up. It is a mix of high bar stool seating and tables with half bench/half chair seating. We grabbed a 4 top thinking we would fit the 5th member of the late night happy hour group on the bench. This fact was casually mentioned to our server when she was inquiring about drinks, and she immeadiately brought us a chair making the whole seating arrangement less fussy. The decor of the bar and restaurant was sleek, modern, and established- I was impressed with the swank feel the restaurant created. I have not found many places in Seattle like Barolo. The bar food during the 2 daily happy hours ( an after work hh and a 10-close hh) is 1/2 off and also features wine and well specials. Our group ordered the tuna tartare, ahi tuna, veal, sauteed mussels, and grilled ceasar salad. We shared a bottle of house white and house red at $14 each. The all dishes looked and tasted appetizing. The veal had a salad of mixed greens on top, the ahi was thinly sliced with a horseradish sauce decoration, and the tuna was flavored with a soy honey treatment. The only dissapointment was the grilled caesar salad (ordered by a guy!) which was essentially a wedge salad- though it did have a fabulous olive oil based house dressing. As a late night meal it was a miss, but as a side I would still recommend it.I paid $12 for a couple glasses of wine and an exceptional ahi dish. The atmosphere was great for a friendly get together.Little FYI's-  *We spied a few items we did not order- such as the antipasti sampler and the lamb burger- that looked like items to try on another visit. *The websites bar menu is not up to date but gives an acurate picture of what to expect. *Our service was very attentive at first, but then became absent as it was clear we were not going to order more wine.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,3/11/2009,559,362,15,12,14>So I'm running with a new late night group of young people who know so much more than I ever will about important things like.. where the best cab francs are and how to pronounce words such as Croix, who's making the best syrah right now out of their garage on Queen Anne Hill and how we must head over to this place called Presse, after blowing out a few bottles that have just been added at our weekly wine notes meeting.1:00 AM may not be the best time to shovel down french onion soup, a rillette, grilled sardine baquette and a few drinks, but dawg, feel me on this one, I was dying to eat. And our server couldn't be more charming and fun, especially dealing with eight buzzed Industry pros and the old guy with the most plates sitting in front of him. There is no doubt about returning.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,3/10/2009,114,68,31,32,28>If I were commissioned to dole out advice about living life grandly, I might start by saying that it's good to have a party trick. Like if you can moonwalk or know sleight of hand or can sing an Abbey Road track backwards to reveal hidden messages--let that light shine! Or if you have a glass eye or something, why not dislodge it during a conversation lull and pop it in your mouth to the room's soaring delight?Do you know who has a fine party trick? Chef Philip Mihalski of Nell's. He transforms a jerusalem artichoke and some onions and a little phyllo dough and a hazelnut--POW!--into a Tastebud Event. He maneuvers calamari and aioli and parsley--BAM! Revelation. Bosc pears, cardamom, currants, rosemary, ice cream: KLUD! Divinity.Or to put it plainly, he "can take a rainbow, wrap it in a sigh, soak it in the sun and make a stra'bry lemon pie." Yup, yup!  He "can take tomorrow, dip it in a dream, separate the sorrow and collect up all the cream." Oh, and I've seen him "take a sunrise, sprinkle it with dew, cover it in chocolate and a miracle or two...'cause he mixes it with love and makes the world taste good."The expert servers at Nell's have party tricks, too. Example: a bullseye wine recommendation (full bodied, complex, balanced) at a humble price: C.G. di Arie. BANG! Renewal. If you seek a simple spot with superb service, relaxed atmosphere and thoughtfully delightful cuisine, then Nell's is for you. Ciao, off to rehearse my party trick--reciting all the prepositions in alphabetical order:"Aboardaboutabove, acrossafteragainst, alongamidamongaround, atbeforebehindbelow, beneathbesidebetweenbeyond, bydownduring--" Wait--where are you guys going?
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,3/9/2009,221,219,24,24,23>Sarcastic people have a way of worming themselves into my shriveled and blackened heart. I just love them. The people that work at this place are truly awesome. From the host, who spotted us and immediately turned on the charming snark, to the waiter who made the most inappropriate jokes....Awesome.In true drunky form, I ordered a drink called a Corpse Reviver. It had absinthe in it. Dude. Really. Absinthe. At $10 a pop, it's not the cheapest, but two of them is quite enough to perk you up and make you feel all warm and fuzzy. My food was insane. When you order any of their roasted meals, the waiter turns and shouts "ROASTER!" over his shoulder, to which the cooks in the open kitchen reply "RRRRROOOOAAAAASTERRR!"What. The. Hell. My rrrrrroasssssterrrrr was taking a bit longer than expected, and our waiter appeared to explain why it was late. Something about cosmic forces. He was insane. I loved it. And when the food arrived, I was totally blown away. The roast chicken....literally a dead bird. Half a bird. Plopped on the plate and cooked to perfection. SO good. Being a carnivore has never been more delicious.After two drinks and a coma-inducing meal, I stumbled out of here knowing that I'd be back. Tasty.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,3/8/2009,76,105,13,12,12>I'm sincerely surprised "sloopersized" isn't on Wikipedia yet, as it's a phenomenon that I link to all beers served in mugs 32 ounces or larger (regardless of the location of where I drink said gigantic beer).The food is pretty decent and not too spendy, and the beers won't set you back too much either.  A couple of pool tables and variety of video games will keep the ADD kids in your group occupied, and there is always a game on one (or all) of the tvs.To quote my guy friends "the bigger the beer . . . the bigger the good time, " and I can't say I disagree as I've never had a bad time at The Sloop.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2008,3/7/2009,153,353,14,16,14>I find it almost impossible to consider B & O Espresso without considering Dilettante, the local dessert cafe competition, so I will proceed with that frame in mind.Inside and sitting by the window in one of the tables for two it feels spacious yet cozy although definitely not private - it is easy to be distracted when during the course of the afternoon/evening ten people you know walk by on Olive. The outdoor seating is a nice touch when the weather is amenable, but I'd recommend staying inside if only so conversation doesn't get cut short by inclement weather or the chill of nightfall.Desserts are pleasing, slightly pricier than Dilettante (~$7), and are available in a larger albeit less individually impressive variety, a plus only if one is not a fan of cake or ice cream. Really, do you want the sort of twisted individual who doesn't like cake or ice cream in your life?The experiences I've had at the two trend a certain way, and it is best summarized by allegorically generalizing the company:- B & O: The achingly beautiful hipster whose delicately constructed persona evaporates into ether once you begin to taste below the surface.- Dilettante: The unassumingly pretty woman who conforms to "what you see is all you get" but whose quality shines through long after dessert.If you are looking for dessert near Capitol Hill, it should be one of these two establishments. As for which one, it reduces to personal preference of which is most important - style or substance.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,3/6/2009,77,104,8,11,11>WOW! What a change this place was from the last time I was here. They really had converted the interior into a normal restaurant instead of the meat-market-looking (cold and white) they were with the previous owners. I guess changing owners will do that. The dim sum was absolutely great! Gavin N. said they have the best Shumai in town and he was RIGHT! You get 4 tasty homemade fat Shumai - the steamed ground season pork is ready to roll off the edge of the wonton wrap. All the different types of good size shrimp dim sum (ha gow (shrimp ball), stuffed chives n' shrimp, deep fried tofu stuffed shrimp, etc), was succulent and just popped in your mouth. My favorite Nor Mai Gai (seasoned ground pork stuffed sticky rice wrapped in leaves) was good. The char siu bow (steamed pork buns) were little sweet for my liking, but I liked really like the buns (take it however you want). We also had the turnip cakes, chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, congee, black bean steamed pork, and bbq pork hombow - they were ALL delicious! I think I had my fill of dim sum for the next 6 months! Lots of steamed basket just came in to our table non-stop and with all 10 of us there (and eaters) the bill came to $15 per person with tip! CHEAP CHEAP! =)The staff was nice and very tentative to taking the steam baskets, filling our tea and water, and requests. That is very rare in Chinatown. THANK YOU GAVIN N.! Finally, this has broke the ice for me to go to the larger Yelp events! Nice to meet everyone - Gavin, Naurry, Ian n' Ian, Sean, Rick, Will and Galvin! Dan really had a great time meeting all of you and eating dim sum - woohoo! =)A MUST GO! =)P.S. Going there on a traditional Dim Sum Sunday will be a challenge to find free parking on the street and might have to wait for awhile to get seated.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,3/5/2009,615,688,14,12,13>Have you ever wanted to have dinner at The Muppet Show?  This is about as close as it gets!I've wanted to come check this show out since we moved here but never found the time or money to spend on it.  But the boy totally surprised me for our anniversary and brought me here.  Thankfully he told me to wear a dress otherwise I would have felt under-dressed in just my jeans and docs.The place is amazing.  It's plush and beautiful.  You immediately feel like you have left Seattle and entered this flamboyant drama kid's wet dream.  Everyone is overly friendly and charming, though not coming across as uber fake, you know decent actors.  They have a gift shop and bar in the main lobby.  And the gift shop is such a temptation.  If you need a beautiful gift or want an excellent Mardi Gras mask come here!  The main event happens in a huge tent like portion of the building.  It's like being in a circus tent and an old theater at the same time.  We had a lovely isolated table for two next to the stage, which was perfect for us.  They immediately have appetizers ready but wait on them if you are getting their incredible wine flight!So first off, the food and show are intertwined together.  Meaning they do a number about the dish being served and then serve it.  It's charming and makes you wish dinner was always this fun!  The dinner menu is composed by Tom Douglas and you get a choice of main course including a vegetarian option.  And do get the wine flight!  It's incredible.The best part of all, you really feel like you are meeting the real life versions of the Muppets!  I mean Miss Piggy is right there in her over the top persona, Kermit is politely hiding in the corner, Gonzo is trying to give you an autographed picture of himself, and somehow the Swedish Chef took over the production!  I couldn't help but thinking this the whole time and laughing my ass off about it.  It made dinner even more fun.They sing, flip and dance their asses off for your entertainment and the meal itself is actually quite good.  I had a great salmon, he had a mediocre steak (you can't order it rare, the only down note really) And the waitstaff was super attentive and nice.  I really didn't want the night to end, you get so entranced with the show.It's a defintiely do once sort of thing and a great gift for anyone.  I mean, I thought I might really not enjoy this but they blew me away.  Dinner theater rocks!Oh and Miss Piggy actually came and chatted with me!  My childhood dream came true!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,3/3/2009,223,330,9,11,10>Yes it's true that Seattle is brimming with good sushi/sashimi venues. Yes it's true that there are sushi places cheaper than Flo that are worth a trip. However, Flo is one of those sushi places that doesn't just serves high quality sashimi but also serves of a feeling of "wow, I feel special". As a rule I don't usually take into account "feeling special" as a requirement of an establishment to blow me a way. Truth be told, a restaurant could call me names and insult my family lineage, as long as they served me the best meal of my life. Thankfully the cheery staff at Flo made no such remarks, and realistically speaking, this was not the best meal of my life. However, the sashimi assortment ($26) has 11 pieces of high quality seafood. The salmon was of particular note if only because it literally melts on the palate. But again, to the notion of feeling special, in taking a gander at the other restaurant participants, everyone was having a good time. There were a couple of young professionals sharing a bottle of white wine, there was a young couple dining with the in-laws. And then there was me, happy in the knowledge that I too was having a good time.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,3/2/2009,128,407,15,12,12>Me:  Hey hunny, what do you want to do today? Hubby:  I dunno.  It's a Tuesday, and it's gorgeous outside, and you're home from work.  What do you feel like doing?Me:  Well, I've been told that I'm as white as they get.  Perhaps we could lay in the sun a little at Gas Works Park?  What do you think?Hubby:  Yeah sure, that'll work.  Should I bring Mafuski* with us?  Me:  Yeah, I think that would be nice.Gas Works is good for watching seaplanes take off and land, and watching the stupid Ride the Ducks go by in Lake Union.  The lack of trees is kinda creepy, but it does give a good place to throw a Frisbee or just have a little picnic with your significant other.  On the downside, there is always a ton of Canadian Geese poop closer to the shore, and down by the water's edge is remnants of a hobo party gone astray.  *Mafuski is the name of hubby's old blanket.  A drunk friend named it when they were back in college.  Isn't that odd??
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,9/30/2014,133,363,6,13,10>It's time for a Cicchetti review update! This is a good happy hour spot for both food and drinks. You can get three mini appetizers called cicchetti for $10 (normally $12). Get the castelvetrano olives!! And the bean dip is very good too.. to be honest I haven't had one that I didn't like. $2 off draught beer. $5 mini pizza for the margherita, or $6 for the  daily special pizza. I always end up getting the special pizza because it's fun stuff like sausage, onions, etc. The pizzas are about 6" diameter if I had to guess. So don't split one unless you're a delicate flower.They have good looking main courses, but make reservations as it gets pretty full the closer you get to dinner time. Happy hour usually has plenty of seating.Friendly service, with lots of refill offers. They serve beer a little too cold, but they're more known for wine and cocktails than beer, I think. Their homemade nonalcoholic drinks are really good! Cocktails are strong and fairly interesting.Street parking only. Lots of vegetarian options during happy hour.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/29/2014,290,437,10,14,11>I really, really want nachos right now.There are no other nachos near me that are as good as Nacho Borracho nachos. Because no other nachos will suffice, I am going on a nacho strike until my next visit to NB.They're worth it. Other nachos will never compare. They've ruined me.Chips that stand up to toppings, rather than becoming grossly soaked through and necessitating the use of a fork. A nacho sauce that's not so thick it elicits thoughts of canned cheese from my high school, but rather is oh-so-cheesy and of a delightfully velvet texture.That, and their Pink Guava Moscow Mule is paradise.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,9/28/2014,171,247,7,10,9>This review is for the Sunday brunch. The quality, variety, and freshness of the seafood on the buffet is far superior to that at Salty's in my opinion. On top of that, it is slightly cheaper than Salty's (although the price has gone up substantially from what it used to be at Palisade). The oysters were amazingly fresh, and there was a nice variety. The cocktail shrimps were large, succulent, and I liked the fact that they were already peeled (in contrast to Salty's). There were 2 kinds of chilled crab (snow and dungeness). They were nicely salted/brined, not watery as buffet crabs sometimes can be. The crab were also very fresh tasting as well. The creamy scallop poke was amazingly fresh,. The omlettes are made to order from fresh ingredients, including crab. The made to order banana pancakes were delicious as were the accompanying blueberry and pineapple toppings. I could go on and on about the quality of the food, but I would be remiss if I didn't mention the exemplary service. This is not really to be expected in a buffet setting, but I really felt the service was impressive. My needs were anticipated without having to say a word. My server would pay attention to what I was eating and bring appropriate things. A steak knife when I was eating my prime rib (also good btw). Crab crackers when I was ready to dig into my crabs. Hot wash cloths after I was done digging into my crabs. The meal was a little pricy (for brunch). But the terrific service and amazing views from the restaurant and ritzy atmosphere made it worth it for a rare special occasion.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,9/27/2014,126,226,12,9,6>Like most Japanese gardens, ours has been carefully planned and kitted with granite lanterns and ancient koi and tress and designed by Mr. So-and-so many years ago. I won't bore you with all of those historical points, which are well detailed on the garden's website.The "secret garden" is the ultimate cheap date trope, and I love that our secret garden is hidden in the Arboretum, a very large not-so-secret garden which doubles as a handy super-commuter shortcut to the 520 bridge. As I was leaving, I had to wait for a few dozen black German cars and light trucks, as Microsoft had just let out of school. The tide of our information economy was rolling back in, and the tide isn't known for kindness to merging traffic. Probably because of a desperate need to get home and send a few more emails with a glass of wine. I'll admit that I was in a black BMW myself, but I held up my Leica to signal that I was not a yuppy commuter like them, but a more artistic person who spent the day taking pictures of turtles in a park. I'm not just the selfie game Niles Crane, I can shoot landscapes too. f/16!Where English gardens idealize nature, tarting up shrubs to match a landscape painting, the Japanese garden seems a bit more willing to accept nature as she is, carefully managed (like any garden) but without Selfridges makeup. Raccoons excluded of course (the barbed wire is probably intended for them?) The SJG brochure is full of references to the "orchard," the "mountain," the "lake." I think those terms are meant to be allusive and not taken too literally. The real reason for investing in an English garden (especially in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries) is to provide as many sneaky make-out spots as possible. The Japanese garden really disappoints here, the line of sight is just too direct across most of the garden, and the lack of sneaky make-out spots has cost it a star.That said, I would highly recommend it to Seattleites who are first hearing about it and have not visited before. I would not advise you to bring out-of-town guests there, as it's just a garden, and there are way more fun things to do in Seattle if your guests are here for a limited time only.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,9/26/2014,179,85,10,16,12>I have had two excellent experiences here so far. And after having two horrible experiences at the "other" sushi place down the street, I think it's about time I give Aji a well-deserved 5-star rating.First off, the little "extras" here are wonderful. They bring you warm towels to wash your hands with when you are seated. And edamame and miso soup seem to be free appetizers that are also presented shortly after being seated. The first time we went, we received a complimentary appetizer from the chef for no reason in particular. And the second time we went, we received a complimentary dessert as well. Cheesecake! Yum!I can only speak for the vegetarian rolls, but I've tried most of them and they are wonderful. The veggie tempura roll is amazing and actually comes with a huge portion of tempura veggies on the side (as well as in the roll). And the yam roll was drizzled with this amazingly creamy mango sauce. So good.My girlfriend was very pleased with her non-vegetarian rolls as well. Although, she said she actually liked my veggie ones better (they are really *that* good).The wait staff is also very nice. The first time we went, I found out that the server was also a vegetarian and she recommended the best rolls for me. We also had a fun conversation about how and when and why we became vegetarians. The second time, our server was very attentive and seemed to be at our table whenever we needed him, even though the place was pretty packed as well.Bonus: it's within walking distance of my house. Score!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,9/25/2014,75,182,10,13,10>YES!Finally, a legitimate ramen shop. Man oh man, all the ramen shops I've eaten at in Seattle and the Eastside has left me longing for something much better. Whether it is a horrid aftertaste or tough noodles, I couldn't find a place that made it right.A few friends shuttled me here to solve my ramen problems. We waited a lot and I'm assuming they're understaffed because when we finally got seated, I saw five to six tables open. Still, after the long wait, the time between ordering and getting our food was approximately fifteen minutes, whoa.I got the Shio ramen combo with pork over rice and a dollop of egg salad. Wow, harmonious! Every taste married with another, singing and dancing like a Broadway show in my mouf, noodles perfectly chewy, the pork in my ramen AND on my rice were excellent!I was so lost in my food, I realized I had fallen into a rhythm: slurp noodles, two bites, scoop rice and pork in mouth, three bites, spoon full of soup, then a gulp of beer... 'til sadly, it was all gone. Hopefully the hype of this place will die down a little and the wait won't be too long. My only complaint about this place is the $5 for a 12 oz. beer! Not even for a premium beer, but a Coors and Bud Light, Asahi Shupa Dry, or Sapparo... Nonononono. Not okay.So, come for the eats, save yourself some money by drinking beer later.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,9/24/2014,76,47,8,11,13>When I first received a text that I'd be meeting here with friends for brunch at 10:30 in the morning I kind of groaned. My stomach usually can't handle larger portions of food that early and after checking the menu out, I decided this was a place where I'd want to go big or go home.Come to find this 10:30 brunch appointment was probably the reason why I had a 5-star experience. I was basically the first person to arrive as the restaurant was opening and I had a few minutes to myself to take in Boat Street's shabby chic and cozy atmosphere. The quiet and dimly lit dining area was a perfect haven from the down pour of rain going on outside.  No loud rumbling of people and conversation, no long lines and 20-minute wait times and attentive service; this was the extreme opposite of my weekly brunch adventures.  Between my party of five we basically ordered every benedict option, mine being the Chevre.  I really enjoyed the artichoke and goat cheese combo and the portion size was filling but left enough room to try more. "More" includes their fresh raspberry creme scone, continental plate and each dessert offered on the menu: amaretto bread pudding, panna cotta with raspberries and a chocolate creme.  The bread pudding was pure yumminess, definitely my favorite of the bunch.  Our waiter was also helpful in our request to put a candle on one of the desserts in celebration of my girl friend's birthday.Boat Street Kitchen definitely turned my initial morning grumpiness into a delightful feeling of satisfaction and a happy belly!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,9/23/2014,204,515,9,11,10>3.5 starswhat!? some bbq with my gasoline? don't mind if i do!This unassuming bbq stand is parked conveniently at the gas station on 45th in Wallingford.  Great BBQ is tough to find this far away from the south.  Sort of a mixed feelings on the stuff I triedSt. Louis pork ribs ($8 for 1/2 pound): not my favorite rendtion of this.  Seemed a little too tough.  decent smokey flaovrbeef brisket: ($8 for 1/2 pound, $15 for 1 pound).  sort of split decision on this.  Had it first time and it was sublime!! juicy and tender!  had it a second time it was only okay.  I would still recommend this over the ribs.andouille sausage ($10) you get two here!  nice bold flavors.  Would love this with some rice!mac and cheese bowl: Sounded much better than what it actually was.  wasn't to Fried chicken sandwich: ($7.95) This is quite amazing and perhaps worth rounding up a bit!  applewood spice rubbed then deep fried!  oh lordy!  the best thing I had on their menu!!homemade chips ($1.85) very crispy and crunchy!  sauces.  they do have a nice variety of sauces, I am a fan of their vinegary chilli sauce!they have a tent beside the trailer so you can enjoy your meat through the rainy season.  check them out next you are up in Wallingford!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,9/22/2014,117,381,6,12,9>So my birthday was coming up and well at the age that I am, it's always a hit or miss on what to do, where to go and what I am trying to attain, which is of course a "GOOD TIME!"I heard about a Rum Bar downtown? Can't go wrong with Rum right? well, you could, in excess but I was willing to try, ahaha! Tacoma Cabana, aka the new Rum Bar in downtown Tacoma. Looking over the website I decided to contact them which was via email and inquire about the menu as it's not listed on the website. As I waited on a response, I asked around if anyone I knew had been and those that have been all gave me a thumbs up!Ding! New message from Robyn at Tacoma Cabana- attachment that included the menu, glancing over I decided to go ahead and meet up here and Robyn asked how many would be in my group and offered up a table reserved for all! I did mention I was an Elite Yelper, hey if it works, it works! Robyn is a smart lady and business owner because she provided excellent service from the moment I contacted her! She kept in contact until the night of the party and stayed in constant communication as I was running a little late! The venue is an old establishment I have been too and they did a good job trying to revamp it and make it their own. Our seating was in the rear, which was nice and private. They provided excellent service with our food and drinks, very attentive. The food was pretty good and I loved the variety of drinks they offered! I will definately be back!Looking back, I even got a thank you email from Robyn, but was a little blurry eyed to respond and still need to as she thanked me and my friends for our patronage and hoped we had a great time!!! I hope you get to read this review and know that you did an Awesome Job!! TY!!!!!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,9/21/2014,79,188,8,15,11>My experience with Bellini started off a minor frustration: the menu was slightly different online from the one we found at the restaurant.That said, this experience blew me away. I am officially a regular, and I've only been once. This is one of my favorite places in the city.First off, let me get one thing off my chest: I don't like pasta. I get sick of the texture really quickly and want to quit eating it before I'm full. I gave Bellini a go because my boyfriend loves Italian, and I do not regret it. Bellini converted me to the church of the holy pasta, and it was delicious.I had the penne puttanesca, but subbed out the penne for fetuccine, and it was positively gorgeous. Kalamata olives and capers in a tomato sauce that seeped into the noodles perfectly. It wasn't one of those cheap spaghetti experiences where you eat a bite and get a mouthfull of tomato chunks with no pasta, this pasta was built for seeping up sauce without overcooking. There must've been ricotta in the sauce as well but what really made it was the olives. It was like a ballet of flavors on my tongue. It was the most pasta I have eaten in years.My boyfriend had a penne pasta with a cream sauce and crab meat and he literally nearly licked the plate clean. It took all his self control to do the job with a fork and wipe every last drop of sauce onto the bread it was served with.Did I mention the bread? Because it's lightly grilled, super buttery, fluffy, fresh ciabbata--yet another thing I really don't like that Bellini converted me on.But the real coups de grace was dessert. As if this meal wasn't enough on it's own, we decided to split a creme brulee and a tiramisu. We disagreed on which one was more phenomenal, but we agreed that they were both plate licking worthy. I personally enjoyed the creme brulee but it didn't strike me as terribly different from the creme brulee I make at home (I make some pretty serious creme brulee.) The tiramisu, however, BLEW ME AWAY. It was one of the top 5 desserts I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. The ladyfingers were light and delicate mixed with the flavors of fresh whipped cream and a light hint of espresso and alcohol. It was understated and magical.This place is so fantastic, I'm planning to go here again in two weeks for a celebratory dinner after I graduate with my Masters degree. Bellini's prices are very reasonable, the food will blow you away, and it's not so formal that it's only a special occasion kind of place. I'd like to take the time to complement our waitress, who did a fabulous job of handling herself with the whole restaurant filling up around her and no help. She was excellent. But since this review is getting into the TLDR category, let me just say it one more time:THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.Thank you and goodnight. Now go get tiramisu at Bellini's.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,11/10/2012,207,130,17,21,20>I love this park!  Whether it be running around the half-mile track around the park, laying out on a blanket in the vast grassy areas both within the track and outside of it, or sitting on the many benches to watch people and their dogs taking their constitutionals -- there is something for everyone.  My wife enjoys watching the ducks in the large fountain.  And if you have kids, there's a playground that is usually packed with parents and their toddlers.It is centrally located in downtown Bellevue and hence a short walk away from gems like Belle Pastry, Ginza, and Garlic Crush.  If you have an inclination, you can also take a short stroll to the Bellevue Square mall (though I loathe the mall's owner and his efforts at preserving downtown Bellevue as a traffic-logged hell).
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/9/2012,174,215,9,16,10>Beer Junction does six things very well:1.       Their selection is outstanding.  They have over 1,200 beers ranging from local standbys like Fremont's Interurban IPA to more exotic offerings--including an impressive selection of barrel-aged beers. 2.       They store the beer properly.  Beer, especially good beer, needs to be stored out of direct light, upright, and cool.  You'd be surprised how many alleged beer stores screw this up (Super Deli Mart...) but Beer Junction nails it.  They even seem to have removed the lights from their coolers to keep the beers in the dark to prevent skunking. 3.       Their inventory organization is clever.  Most beer sellers arrange beer by brewery but Beer Junction arranges beer by style/varietal.  This allows the thirsty consumer to zero in on the Baltic Porter section, the Fruit Beer section, or whatever and compare across breweries.  Genius!4.       They provide data.  Every beer in Beer Junction's arsenal is labeled with ABV, IBU, rating, region, and other vital data. 5.       Their service is attentive and prompt but not invasive.  The staff are quick to offer assistance but are happy to let you roam the cases, for an extended period of time, totally unmolested.  For me, this is an essential part of why I'll be back to Beer Junction.  I probably came in looking for a few specific beers but, I want to see the whole of what's on offer too.  Variety is, after all, part of what makes craft beer so interesting. 6.       Their pricing is fair.  Some of the local beer stores seem to be a bit aggressively priced--especially with regard to trendy styles and breweries.  From my vantage, Beer Junction's pricing is on par with most grocery stores which is pretty impressive. Honestly, the only issue I have with Beer Junction is the location.  They're in West Seattle which, apart from being a time commitment, scarcely registers within my mental solution set when considering locales to acquire beer.  Though, that may change...
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,11/8/2012,528,376,11,18,15>Why has it taken me so long to try Red Lantern???!!!  Finally, I came here for dinner on a quiet Tuesday evening.  I was warmly greeted and seated towards the back.  I immediately loved the decor.  It has a very modern-feel, clean, comfortable seating and I'm definitely a fan of the actual red light/lantern shades.  :)We first ordered the Spicy Wonton ($5.95, see picture).  Wow, these were damn good.  I love the spicy chili sauce over the wonton and the wonton was really meaty.  MMM.  For our entrees we ordered the beef chow fun ($9.95)--partly because I haven't had chow fun in years!---and the sichuan peppercorn shrimp ($12.95).  The chow fun was cooked perfectly and wasn't too greasy, but was lacking that pop of flavor for me.  The shrimp was probably my 2nd favorite dish and it's definitely spicy (at least for my taste).  The shrimp was covered in peppercorns and chili flakes, but super juicy on the inside.  AAAh, so good!  There are so many dishes that looked amazing so I definitely want to go back in a group to try more things.  ***Hint to Gorman E! :)
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,11/7/2012,290,437,13,12,11>Those of you who know me know that once a month I go out to a fancy dinner -- you know, the type that requires a fresh application of deodorant and uncomfortable footwear -- I normally chronicle those, but I've had a bunch of okay but not fantastic [2-3 stars] experiences lately -- nothing that made me come home and go "hot damn, Yelp needs to know about my delicious meal!"... I'm thankful to say Koral totally busted us out of that rut.Normally we celebrate our "monthaversary" on the 8th but seeing as my mealticket-- er, I mean, my incredible boyfriend -- has been way too busy at work and can't leave at a decent hour on the 8th, we decided we could break tradition just this once. He normally surprises me by taking me to a restaurant we've never been to, but this time he let it slip where he was going -- another DT Bellevue restaurant we've been to for restaurant week. I was less than excited about returning, so I suggested Koral. I'm SO glad I did.We walked in around eight and were seated immediately in spite of the lack of reservation. Deb, our server, was incredibly attentive and helpful when it came down to decision making -- I rarely run into food I dislike when it's been suggested by my server!We began with salmon croquettes which were fantastic. Not gonna lie, I ate the garnish as a way of transmitting the leftover aioli to my mouth [BF: "Are you supposed to do that?" Me: "I *need* to eat this sauce. So yes."] -- the portion was a bit small, but not unreasonable for the $8 price tag. Of course, I can't last long without alcohol, so I also enjoyed a peach cocktail from their seasonal menu. I couldn't place it -- and I thought it might be an alcohol I was unfamiliar with -- but there was a slight aftertaste I couldn't figure out -- leftover detergent in the glass, I realized later in the meal when the same aftertaste popped up in my after dinner milk.I also enjoyed a raspberry drop, which was SO good -- but Chambord in anything is a recipe I'm going to love, I'm not picky. Boyfriend had a glass of wine from their "Interesting Reds" section -- they're right, it was interesting! Thankfully it was tasty as well.Being fatties [in spite of all our visits to Crunch Bellevue!] we also ordered cheese curds, which were SO good, and even resulted in my boyfriend and I fighting for them. He let me win, because when I fight back I'm usually serious about a potential fork stabbing. Speaking of forks, boyfriend ate his app with the wrong fork [he used to work in fine dining and was saying that Koral does their forks backwards, ha] and Deb brought him a totally new place setting for the entree. Very impressive attention to detail on her part!For our entrees we had the bacon wrapped meatloaf and the porkchops. Both of the meats were moist and delicious -- I loved the fact that the bacon and bbq glaze melded seamlessly into the meatloaf -- I love bacon and I love things wrapped in it, but often times it's eating less than delicious bacon that isn't cooked well when it's just a simple bacon wrapped meat. This meatloaf did it right. Along with the caramelized carrots and mashed potatoes, this dish was basically the fanciest take on comfort food -- simple but well executed.The porkchops were the second best porkchops I've ever had. I grew up in a household where all meat products were cooked medium-well or well, so I really appreciate a nice medium-rare steak. I'd never ordered pork by temp before, so I went with medium, which I definitely don't regret. I liked the beans and LOVED the parmesan biscuit the entree was served with. To comprehend the deliciousness of the parmesan biscuit, imagine a Cheddar Bay biscuit from Red Lobster. Now take out all the excess greasiness and replace cheddar with parmesan. Moist and fluffy without making me feel like I was going to be breaking out at the end of the meal.Dessert ended up being a glass of milk, the sticky toffee pudding and the New York style cheesecake. The glass of milk had the detergent-y aftertaste but this time I had my mancompanion try it as well to make sure my tongue wasn't off -- I was right, the glass needed a rinse -- and when I mentioned it to Deb she offered her apologies and had me out a new milk in a flash with another apology. It was pretty much the best recovery I've had in a situation that requires remedy. She was the one who suggested the toffee pudding and she was right, with the salted caramel ice cream, it was to die for. Boyfriend ultra loved the NY cheesecake -- it was good but I don't generally like NY style cheesecake [I know, sacrilege!] so I was just really excited for the fresh and HUGE berries it came with... I'm glad we opted for both desserts.I don't do this fancy dinner stuff often, but the fact that Koral also has a kickass happy hour offering ensures I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/5/2012,67,70,6,7,7>This place exceeded my expectations and I didn't miss meat for a moment while enjoying dinner here last Saturday night. Delicious fresh ingredients leave you wanting more and more. We started our meal with a grilled polenta and arugula salad and Spicy Cajun Mac and Yease. WOW. I was not expecting any vegan version of mac and cheese to taste this delicious. Even better than the real thing. My craving for a pizza (GF) was satisfied with the asparagus and leek pizza. Bravo Plum Bistro! You have created a menu that can please even the most carnivorous carnivores.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,11/4/2012,47,164,10,10,7>Ugh. Avoid this place at all costs.If you don't, you'll be sucked into the Blubber Abyss as I was for the first three weeks I lived on Capitol Hill. I've leveled up on my resistance so I feel pretty confident that this review won't cause a relapse.So, I pretty much stopped here a least once a week during my first summer as an official Seattelite. I love their cupcakes. Red velvet is good, but the top always falls off. My favourite so far has been the August cupcake... unfortunately, I can't recall the name, but it was blueberry, brown sugar, probably cream cheese, and absolutely delicious. Perfectly moist, and that cake barely crumbled. Heaven. I have a weakness for blueberries!Other treat of note is their ice cream with cupcakes mashed in. Ice cream. With cupcakes mashed in. Red Velvet and Dance Party are my go-tos and I definitely recommend both.The staff is extremely patient and friendly, which is good, cos I agonise over dessert choices since they should only be made very occasionally. Love their set up with seating in the front and back... it's a cute little place.Hmm... I didn't get enough resistance, I think. I want a cupcake now.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,11/3/2012,262,106,12,13,11>Bloody hell, this place is ace. From servers who not only remember your name/drink, but also keep your snow sled in the back room for a week after you drunkingly leave it in the middle of the pub after sledding down the counterbalance in the winter - to their fantastic beer selection. Good ol' standbys like Deschutes Mirror Pond and Georgetown Manny's, to my favorite IPA's in the form of Boundary Bay and Ninkasi. Not to mention a constant rotation tap that never fails to disappoint. They also recently added a full liquor menu, so get your drink on that way if it pleases you.Is it small? Yes, that is what she said. That would also be what the architect of the Hilltop also said when he/she/it built the place. It can be right packed on the weekends. The biggest table available is a spot capable of dropping yourself and seven other friends located in the back room. Everything else = two tops for romantic bro dates, four tops for family dinners (minus the family) and bar seating. Outside, a mere two tables are situated - though the window seats offer a not too shabby location for people watching.Food has never been bad. Slightly overpriced for what it is, but always tasty. Take advantage of the cioppino if they have it on special. Burgers, salads, fish tacos - also good selections available all day, every day.In the end, this is the place me and the homies will go for a QP (quick pint, which ALWAYS turns in to two, three, four...) after a hard day of making that paper. Now if only they stayed open a bit later on the weekdays.Cheers...
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/2/2012,374,341,11,13,10>You know how you eat something and it's so good that while you're eating you start to daydream and go all fantastical like a Wes Anderson movie?That happened to me today, while I was inelegantly scarfing down my falafel and eggplant sandwich. Why ruin a perfectly good falafel with eggplant? Because it is a Mediterranean treasure, like Dead Sea mud or salt or something.My sammie was brimming with cucumbers, tomato and lettuce, filled with falafel and sumptuously prepared eggplant. Those veggies were so tender, so succulent I became hypnotized by their silky texture and rich flavor. I mean, come on, eggplant can be a pretty morose little vegetable unless you fry it or ratatouille-it or something. But these little nugs were PERFECT and added so much to my sandwich.My bud and I also shared the tabbouleh, fresh and zesty like my imaginary Mykonos swim instructor/lover.Service was splendid, the owners (husband/wife maybe?) were super sweet and keep a very clean and tidy little cafe.It's not fancy but the food is super and the prices are really good. I can't wait to return for the lentil soup.And they have gelato! I forgot, I was so into my daydream eating falafel with Luke Wilson that I almost didn't mention it.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,11/1/2012,390,547,10,13,11>Tasty cup of coffee, speedy service every time I've been in, and a nice location adjacent Pratt Park.  Never had any trouble finding parking around here, or in the few times I've been since the name change, finding a place to sit if I wanted.I can't quite put my finger on it, but something's better since ownership changed hands. They layout's a little more functional, the coffee a little tastier, and the service a little more attentive. Or maybe it's all in my head. And not that you should care but they use "Square" payment system and an iPad for checkout, which is actually pretty speedy and fun - although I try not to let my love of all things Apple color my review.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/31/2012,273,665,22,21,15>Here's what you need to do: 1) Make a reservation. Chances are, they won't be *that* busy. But if a place takes reservations, why not make one? It makes your life easier. Also, if you make a reservation you get THE BEST GOD DAMN SEATS IN THE PLACE. Why? Oh, because our booth was in front of a CASE OF MEAT. You heard me right, we ate our delicious food while drooling at a CASE OF MEAT. 2) Order the Woodland's Honey Bee cocktail. It consists of Ginger Rum, lemon, and spiced honey cream soda from the local Orca's Beverages from Mukilteo. Oh, and pure deliciousness, don't forget about that. $10 for a cocktail is pricey, but it's Brunch, cocktails are mandatory. If you don't order one, you can't call it Brunch. It's just breakfast late in the day. 3) Get the Chicken & Waffles. The Pork Belly and beans is really good too, if that's your thing, but I gotta say the Chicken & Waffles was better. So super tasty. The chicken is boneless, perfectly spiced, and nice and crunchy, without being overly greasy. The butter and syrup were both fresh and delicious. Also, it's only $10, and like the perfect amount of food. So many Brunch places are expensive, and give you way too much food, and I am a fatty, so I eat it, even if I don't need it. 4) Enjoy your meal, your company, the adorable place with wood tables, and cute, sweet servers. If you follow this simple guide you will enjoy a fantastic Brunch, and thank me later.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2006,11/29/2006,35,37,2,5,8>As any of those impressive volunteery-type people  will tell you, there are many ways to make the world a better place. One example: open a warm and cozy little coffee shop and fill it with a well-chosen batch of comic books and graphic novels and allow people to either buy them or just pick one out and read it while they have their coffee. How cool, right? You are Introducing people to such a rich, fun hobby in a low-key way, helping to build a little community over a shared passion. With all the suicide bombings and the war-mongering leaders and the unemployment and the cancer, the fact that this place exists makes this whole cold world seem a bit warmer.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2006,11/27/2006,130,114,13,6,7>When someone calls a place a "dive," I just want to yell, "Hey Buddy! What?! Do you think you're Donald Fuckin' Trump or something??!" I mean, really, if its too "divey" then what are you doing there in the first place?Okay, that's my little rant. Anyway, the Sloop is an awesome dive in downtown Ballard (and I say dive with affection). They serve multiple sizes of beer, including the schooner (really, what's the point), the pint, and the super-sized litre (I think it's actually a 32-ouncer). It's kind of an eclectic crowd, with migrant workers brushing up against working-class Ballard folks and the stray group of obnoxious frat people. Last time I went the 32-ounce Raineer was pricing at $4, I think, which is a pretty good deal.One word of advice. After multiple 32-ouncers it's not really a good idea to switch to cider from Raineer. My "friend" got too drunk and deserted me at the Sloop once. I had a full Raineer in front of me, and he left me with a full cider. With friends like that, who needs friends? As far as food, the Sloop makes surprisingly good fish and chips, and on St. Patty's I had some excellent corned beef and cabbage. They're usually pretty understaffed, so you just have to be patient and wait your turn. Once after the Syttende Mai (17th of May) parade in Ballard I went to the Sloop and there was a huge group of clowns that came walking in after the parade. They all started ordering shots of whiskey and trying to pick up middle-aged women. It was amusing. My friend and I tried to convince them to give us a ride to the U-District, but they were just like 'no.'
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2006,11/26/2006,62,63,4,6,6>Seattle is a great town for theater.  I read somewhere that we are second only to NYC in number of theaters per capita.  You can go out for a show most night of the week and see every thing from the sparse and abstract to the elaborate and detailed. Last night's outing afforded us our first look at Intiman.  Located easy walking distance from our condo in the theater "district" of Seattle Center, makes Intiman a convenient evening destination.  For those who don't live nearby there is a large parking lot across the street from the theater.  However, with a number of theaters in the area as well as concerts and sporting events in Key Arena there is often high demand for parking.We arrived early as we had to pick up our tickets a half hour before curtain.  I found the lobby cozy.  Soft lighting and comfy couches allowed an easy transition from reality in preparation for the journey to come.  I was initially disappointed as there was no alcohol offered with the obligatory concessions.  Yes, they had a nice selection of cookies and juices but I really like to begin my theater experience with a nice stiff drink.  Anyway, Trish grabbed a sparkling water and we found a table to wait for our friends.  Then I heard it, the glorious sound of a drink being muddled.  We followed said music up a flight of stairs and found a well stocked bar.  Now we are talking theater.  But be warned. If you request a double Knob Creek, neat, and you have the bartender I had, make sure you have recently eaten something substantial.  Otherwise the show can be a little fuzzy.  Thankfully they offered a nice package of mixed nut to accompany my overflowing Bourbon.  But I digress.We moved into the house and realized whence the Intiman.  The theater is a half-bowl extended apron, with seating for 446 and a very friendly pitch.  Although we were in the very last row we had no trouble seeing the stage.  Sound, for the most part, was good, although there were a couple of lines that I missed.  The set was very nicely detailed and set the tone of the play.  The theater seats were very comfortable, plush and slightly reclined.  Once the show started Intiman did its job.  Reality disappeared, time was suspended and we were transported far away and offered a glimpse of not so long ago.Or maybe it was just the Bourbon.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2006,11/25/2006,54,103,3,4,>Since I was born in a town near Venice I like to pretend that I'm either Italian or some kind of authority on Italian food.  Oh if only it were true.  Unfortunately for me my parents are American as they come and just happened to be living/working in Italy.  They moved back to the US (Spokane of all places, now you can feel sorry for me) before my first birthday, and the great Italian food my mom made when I was growing up... she learned to make all while living in the US, not from some great Italian connoisseur.Fortunately for you, my expertise is not necessary, you do not need to be an authority on Italian anything to appreciate and fall in love with Barolo.  Gnocchi: not tough, not too soft, just perfect home made gnocchi.  Good luck finding this rarity done so well anywhere else.Fettuccine al coniglio: you're not eating a cute little bunny, nooooo, it's "coniglio"... just keep that in mind and savor the best tasting rabbit in the city (I was a big fan of the conejo at Tango & Tapas, but in retrospect it's gamier than what Barolo is serving up).Spelt & Lentil soup: Spelt never tasted so good.The top 3 dessert items are all awesome... cheesecake with balsamic and the espresso panna cotta especially.Happy hour is late.  How Late?  "Late," they said when we called... they made good on that, great late night eats when most other bars & restaurants are no longer serving food.They don't have mom's authentic cannelloni or carbonara, but I'll let them slide this time...
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2006,11/24/2006,42,72,2,5,5>"I just want to say one word to you. Just one word. 'Plastics.'"So yeah, this is THE place for all your plastics needs. The guys at Home Depot told me about it. It's not a huge space, but it's packed with all sorts of stuff. Sheets of plastic, globes of plastic, tiles of plastic, tubes of plastic. You get the idea. The staff is friendly and helpful, and they'll cut stuff to size while you wait.And, joy of joys, they also sell magnetic sheeting and strips!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2006,11/23/2006,29,138,8,7,8>Beyond rockin'.  Not all that clean.  Not everyone's cup of tea.  Can be LOUD.  Friendly, but what if a fight breaks out?  Cool owner, middle-aged guy with a pipe who's frequently around to have a chin-wag with.  Immense platters of yummy, artery-clogging, authentique greasy spoon cuisine, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.Only blocks from my apartment!My husband is worshipfully in love with one of the bartenders (she's very Bettie Page).  The Five-Point Muff with a veggie patty for Saturday hangover breakfasts.  No, it's not vegan, but it's divine!Awesome jukebox.Scary, dusty/greasy bras suspended from a MOOSE HEAD.  Yes, that's what I said.  Deal with it or move to another booth!"Periscope" dealie in the men's room.  Check it out.Windows crammed with garish neon - whee!Huge portions of biscuits 'n' gravy.  Soakage with a vengeance!Sometimes junkies come to roost in the john.Strong drinks.  Cheap, too!  Hurrah!I come here when I want to chanel the atmosphere of the long-vanished Downtown Beirut, on 2nd Avenue and 7th Street, in the East Village.  I love this place!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2006,11/22/2006,53,99,10,5,8>You gotta love a dive bar that's not afraid to showcase its sweaty nuts.No, seriously. If you're hankering for a handful of nuts while drinking and karaokeing at the Sunset Bowl bar, just reach into the well-lit nut curio cabinet (?) and get yourself some. Debbie the Bartender (not her real name, though it fits, no?) won't mind. This is why I love Sunset Bowl. It's such a dive, but for some reason, I always have a great time there. It was only recently that I was able to achieve the elusive Sunset Bowl Trifecta. I'd been for bowling and for snacking many, many times, but never to the bar for drinks and karaoke, until last weekend. The final third of the Trifecta did not disappoint, either.First: BowlingA lot of fellow Yelpers know that I love to bowl. And I'm pretty good at it, too. Therefore, it goes without saying that I approve of Sunset's balls and lanes. They also offer a kickass discount coupon on their website for $1.90 shoe rental and $14 per hour bowling. But make sure you present the coupon before scoring a lane, though. Or else, Billy-Bob (not his real name, though it fits, too, I think) will give you the stink eye.Second: SnacksNowhere else can you truly enjoy a basket of greasy, yet crispy, fries and pile of goopy nachos than at Sunset Bowl while throwing down a few frames. The residual grease from the fries also goes well with sticking your fingers into Sunset's balls. I'm convinced that this actually helps your game. Third: BarThe bar at Sunset Bowl takes security very seriously, as a uniformed man checked our IDs and made us wear wristbands. It felt a little over the top, but when there are tweeners running around with dirt moustaches, you can never be too careful about not letting the under aged in to the dimly lit bar for $3.50 whiskey sours.I was there, however, for the karaoke. Thinking Sunset's karaoke setup was similar to any other karaoke bar I'd been to, I expected to wait at least an hour before they got to my name in the rotation. Not the case. After being scolded by the karaoke host to, "Leave the book, don't bring the book up here, put the book down," I entered my song choice into the computer and hit enter. I asked how many songs until my turn, and the host said three. Apparently he meant three seconds, because before I could sit down, I was up on stage singing "Hurt So Good." See, the patrons in the bar were not there for karaoke. They were there for the first third of the Trifecta. Or, more specifically, they were waiting for a lane. And the host would call out bowling parties in between songs, as well. Classy. But I got my fill of karaoke, singing three songs over the course of an hour, until finally, it was time to go. Especially since I'd gotten it into my whiskey soured head that taking a picture of the sweaty nuts was a good idea.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2006,11/21/2006,122,165,7,16,7>I'm hot. I'm irritated. If El Diablo didn't make their mochas with an excellent Mexican chocolate, they would be receiving one star from me.My friend Tracy and I head to El Diablo a few times a month, Tracy to do artwork and me to grade. We always order mochas because the chocolate is from heaven. Otherwise, I would be asking her to meet me elsewhere.Here's how it works at El Diablo: one person takes the customer's order, passes it to the barista, who makes the espresso and presents the final product. The process takes longer than other coffee shops, and there can be communication slip-ups in the ordering process. When the beverage is ready, the barista literally screams out the individual's order: "TALL DECAF NON-FAT MOCHA!" It took me a while to get over the screaming, but I'm ok with it now. I don't even feel I need ear plugs anymore.What I cannot stand is the sometimes extraordinarily flippant attitude I receive on the other side of the counter. I always order a decaf for medical reasons, and have become cautious because the barista hasn't always caught the "decaf" part of the mocha equation. One time, when I checked to be sure it was decaf--which, frankly, I always do now--the female barista said, "Oh, decaf? Well, no one told me," and then proceeded to whisk the drink away and hurled the liquid into the sink in a manner that almost spoke, "I have to make you another drink? I'm PISSED."Today was among the worst experiences I've had at El Diablo. Unfortunately, same "no one told me" barista girl was behind the bar. While waiting for my drink, I heard her  yell, "HAM AND CHEESE SANDWICH! WILL SOMEONE GET THEIR SANDWICH?! IT'S IN MY WAY!" There were three beverages that came up at about the same time, among them a regular mocha and my decaf mocha. I went up to the bar and saw a dude grab two coffee beverages, leaving one, but I know he didn't ask which was the decaf. Me being, well, me, I asked her if the drink was the decaf mocha. She didn't hear me. I asked louder, "Is this the decaf mocha?" Still no reply. "IS THIS THE DECAF MOCHA?" Someone else at the bar heard me and turned around, but not Barista Girl. Guy next to me waiting patiently for his beverage gave a shoulder shrug and crooked smile. 'HELLO! IS THIS THE DECAF?" Still nothing. She finally looked up at me and I said, "Is this the decaf?" She replied, "Yes. It's the only drink there." 'And you kiss your mother with that mouth?,' I thought.My partner used to work at El Diablo, so I know the clientele in general are poor tippers (I'm sure none of them are Yelpers). That cannot make for a happy staff. But being cheeky probably isn't the best strategy to use to increase one's incoming tips, either.  Don't change your mochas, El Diablo. It's the only thing keeping this customer coming back.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2006,11/20/2006,15,61,4,6,5>All right, I'm on a quest to find good lobster bisque in this state.  If Alaska has it (and I'm convinced the best lobster bisque EVER is found at the Crow's Nest in the Captain Cook Hotel in Anchorage), surely Washington can come up with something comparable.  Well, not that Ruth's Chris is really /Washington/, but you know what I mean.Anyway, the lobster bisque at Ruth's Chris was not that good, IMO.  If you are a lobster bisque freak like me you'll agree; if not, you'll probably think it's pretty tasty.  I thought it was too thick and salty.  I'm a salty girl but not when it comes to bisque.I have to say, foodwise, I was just not blown away.  The steak was pretty good. The mashed potatoes were pretty good. But nothing that made me go, 'Aye, papi!', which is my general exclamation when I'm impressed with something. It tasted like any good cut of meat that wasn't cooked to a crisp.The service was excellent.  Attentive and nice.  Though at the hostess station this total dickbag walked over from the bar and totally cut in front of me and two other women and monopolized the hostess for a couple minutes going on about some large 'party' that would be meeting him later.  Apparently it was much more important than the others' and my need and right to be attended to first, as we were there first and obviously wanted to get some fucking steak NOW, but that's not the restaurant's fault.  Though, back when *I* was a hostess, I handed people's asses to them all the time if they insisted on being dickbags, because hey, *I* was in charge.  Screw that 'the customer's always right' thing, that's rubbish, I'M ALWAYS RIGHT.Anyway, good food, but nothing special, and excellent service.  A little pricey, I thought.  Unfortunately, I didn't hear much of the music so I couldn't ascertain if they had any Lou Reed going, but I kind of doubt that they did.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2006,11/19/2006,33,173,3,4,3>You can sit by a window in Purple, looking out at a perfecly ordinary bit of sidewalk you've traversed innumerable times, but you feel as if you might have fallen into a fairy tale. The doors are so big it seems like magic when you put your hands on them and it turns out you can make them move. You enter a room you perceive at first to have a tremendously lofty ceiling, but then when you get onto your chair you find that the balls of your feet just barely brush the floor, and you realize that it's not that the room is so tall, it's just the magic has shrunk you to a fraction of your normal size. A waiter looms over you sporting a phantasmagorical haircut, and you tell him to bring you some Blue, and the midget across the table from you orders some glowingly magenta substance heaped in the middle of a big white plate, and----well, at that point, you taste your food, which is too good to be magic, but must have been made out of real ingredients harvested from the real world (unlike some of the curious chemical compounds that sometimes show up at office potlucks). Lentils, ham, peas, beets. Yum.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2008,11/19/2008,53,99,11,14,14>After attending the Elite event here, I had to come back and get my face peeled...on purpose.Julianne is not only one of the nicest people, she does an amazing job.  Her spa is tranquil without being over the top.  She makes you feel comfortable without making you feel like a complete idiot because you don't know the difference between toner, scrubbing mask, etc.  (I'm just now in the habit of taking my makeup off every night.)I had her do a peel to take care of some sun damage.  What I think I loved most was that she was hesitant to have me do the treatment in the middle of summer.  I would risk just getting more damage, and that maybe I should wait to do the treatment.  Wait to spend money at your place??  Who does that?  After me promising I would wear sunscreen and a hat, she agreed.  Afterwards, my skin glowed.  Like atomic bomb glow.  And smooth as a just waxed bowling ball.I think I'm hooked now, and plan to go back to check her mineral makeup offerings as well.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2008,11/17/2008,238,754,9,14,12>My brows look AMAZING.  Kim (owner/operator) is a meticulous esthetician.  She spent a good chunk of time laying out the lines for the wax BEFORE she got to yanking.  The result is a pair of polished, even, not too thin, not too thick, perfectly arched brows.She also handled my Brazilian wax with the same attention to detail (go on, chuckle but that is an area that I expect to be treated with respect).  For some reason, this wax didn't hurt as much as my last one (at Wax On).  I don't know if it was the wax or the prep.  I don't really care.  I'm smooth and happy.Now, here's the part that makes me super giddy:Brows: $20.Brazilian: $40Kim is available on Mondays and Saturdays and is cool enough to try to accommodate your schedule.  She even books late appointments.Tell her Victoria sent you.  I promised her that I'd tell everyone I could about her.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,11/16/2008,61,83,6,7,6>I've never been here when the place isn't full with happy vegetable munching people!  I take that as a good sign.The food has always been great and the service good.  I crave the lemon tahini dressing and the day I found out you can buy it by the bottle was the best day of my life. (Wow, I really need to get out.  There's more to life than  delicious, delicious lemon tahini, right?  That's what I thought. . .)Don't be in a hurry when you go, the food isn't cranked out of the kitchen at a fast pace.  But that's what I like about it, good food in a casual atmosphere.  And lemon tahini.  Did I mention that yet?
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,11/15/2008,5000,240,20,39,36>By's a great burger and fish and chips joint.  I had lunch here for the first time yesterday with a couple of co-workers (including fellow Yelper, DJ Y) and I know that I'll make more of an effort to eat here more often!  Lunch for me consisted of the three piece fish and chips ($6.99/5-piece for $10.49); onion rings ($2.99) and a blackberry shake ($2.99).  The fish was definitely good - apparently they hand cut and bread them on the premises. The tartar sauce they serve here is very good.  The fresh cut fries were very tasty and their consistency falls between Dick's and McDonald's fries - not too soft and kind of crunchy.  I liked the fact that it wasn't greasy!  Their onion rings are my new favorite in town - they were super crunchy and something that I can't put my finger on.....maybe I should go back and put in another order!  The blackberry shake was pretty awesome too!  Other flavors they offer include:  peanut butter, Almond Roca, butterscotch, orange-creamsicle, strawberry, vanilla, chocolate, cherry, banana, pineapple and root beer.  You can also malt your shake for .55.  I really wanted to try their fried mushrooms ($2.69), but I think I'll save that for next time.  Their standard burger options are single deluxe ($2.69), double deluxe ($3.49) and triple deluxe ($4.19).  It comes with the standard condiments:  lettuce, onion, tomato, ketchup & cheese.  You can add bacon (.40), ham (.50) and grilled onions (.20).  If beef isn't your thing then you can order from three different chicken burgers like:  filet of chicken ($4.09), teriyaki ($4.39) or bbq ($4.39).  If you happen to be in the area, you really should check them out!  Don't forget to wear something comfortable - maybe some stretchy pants!Places like By's are a dying breed in Seattle.  It harkens back to a time when Seattle was not culinary sophisticated and basically a meat and potatoes kind of town.  It was also a town where the only beer consumed was Olympia and Rainier (the thought of that horrifies me).  Don't get me wrong, I totally love that our city has grown with the times and the choices now are quite staggering. We have definitely have come a long way!  Some of you may remember that going out someplace nice and fancy meant that you were going to The Blue Max, Henry's Off Broadway, Black Angus, Ivar's Acres of Clams or the Salmon House.  Fine dining was limited to places like Canlis, The Met, El Gaucho (original) and hotel restaurants at the Olympic or Sorrento.  If one wanted something different you would find yourself in Chinatown (though that was more the norm for me).  I hope that By's doesn't go the way of childhood favorites like Rev's Frostop (best chili fries and root beer); Dag's (six-pack burgers), Herfy's (original incarnation), Suicide Burger and Betty's Grill (1lb burgers).
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2008,11/14/2008,204,297,16,16,17>Carnivore heaven, vegetarian heaven, Guinness heaven, Big Buck Hunter heaven, 20 beers on tap heaven, "adult" video bar top game heaven (including "Foxy Boxxi"... not nearly as risque as it sounds I'm afraid), grande juke box heaven, friendly patron heaven, friendly staff heaven etc.The Kort Haus is a totally comfortable kind of bar.  There was no adjustment period for me - I came in, sat down at the bar, sighed and was relaxed in about 30 seconds flat.  The staff kept buying us shots, which I thought was just because they're super nice but it turned out a couple in our group knows them, AND they're super nice.There's no scene at the Kort Haus.  There are exotic meats though, including camel.  Interesting, considering their proximity to the Zoo... but I am not one to question the source.  When I ordered my Guinness, I was asked if I wanted a warm glass or cold glass.  Hmm.  Cold, I guess?  Does anyone ever ask for warm?Minus a half star for the lackluster tots (they don't compare in size, price, or flavor to the tots at Noc Noc) and minus another half star for the computerized darts which has seen better days.  But I can deal, everything else rules.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,11/13/2008,346,151,18,18,18>I'm a fan and I don't even like country music!Came here last night (Wednesday, Karaoke) with a new friend and some of her friends for drinks and dancing. I was a bit worried when she mentioned it was a "Country Music" bar, but really I only heard a couple country music songs all night, and we closed this place down!I'm not a dancer, I've never claimed to be and I can't remember the last time I danced, it's been years. Anyways, I danced my ass off last night and had more fun than I have in a long time. I guess with the right dance partner it just works out! ;)The drinks were a bit on the weak side, at least mine were but my friend said that hers were pretty strong and they must have been as I had to drive her car home after she only had 3 drinks!Overall it was a fun place with good music and a great vibe. I don't frequent Green Lake too often but if you do then give this place a try, even if you're not a country music fan.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,11/12/2008,214,125,10,13,12>The happy-hour is what makes this place work for me. Something like 3:30-6:30 everyday, none of that weekday crap. Hurrah for weekend happy-hours!Half off ALL appetizers AND the Caesar salad (which is a largeish salad with whole leaves of romaine). 4 dollar draft beers aren't super awesome, but 4 dollar mojitos win. Take a gander at the menu and pick wisely, grasshopper, for the wrong selections can land you in a deep bill. Mojitos- Sweet with just enough action on the mint to make the drink minty but not that unpleasant bitter. Needs more rum though.Seared Ahi Tuna- Wwaaaaayyy too spicy. Tuna is a delicate little flavor that needs to tease the pallet, not sear it into the afterlife. Points for whatever those purple sushi rolled things were, though.Fried Beechers Cheese- What the tuna would dock in points, the fried cheese gives back. A classic bar-food, fried cheese normally is rather boring. This stuff takes the awesome cheese curds of Beechers (just down the street, try em), tempura batters em and fries them up, then serves them with two dipping sauces. The jellied jalapeno? Surprisingly tasty.Chicken Potstickers- Sad little stickers that probably found their way out of a box, steamed and served with two stock dipping sauces. Lacked imagination, I say, and pork usually packs more flavor. Still, three apps, five drinks, and a downtown location for about 40 bucks is a hard find.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,11/11/2008,241,480,11,10,10>I really didn't think that Paseo would live up the lofty hype that it has garnered or the expectations that I have put on a sandwich that many claim is the best in the entire country.  I really didn't.  I've even kind of written off the Fremont location because I didn't want to stand in line for a very long time with the possibility of great disappointment.    But when I heard about the Paseo opening in Ballard, I decided that the time was finally right to give it a go.  Opening day would be an event, the lines probably wouldn't be longer than a few minutes, and if I was disappointed, my investment wouldn't be that great.     Now, after my first Paseo experience, my mind is racing trying to find excuses to drive from Edmonds into Fremont or Ballard just to pick me up some delicious pork-y goodness...  "Hey, that's my old dentist.  I should go back to him.""The baby loves the ducks at Golden Gardens."  "79 cent avocados at Top Banana!""Gas at Safeway is $3.96""Perhaps Centerfolds needs a bear."So, as you can tell, I loved my pork sandwich.  So incredibly tasty.  And I have waged a lifetime war against the evils of the onion.  I frigging hate onions!  But the caramelized sweet onions they use had me gobbling up the ones that fell off my sandwich and onto the paper.  That is so against my beliefs and character, I don't totally feel like myself today.  But I do agree with Bella S., the scallops are delicious on their own, but their flavor gets lost amidst all the other good stuff on the sandwich.  I'll stick with the basics next time.  Perhaps my excuse to get back down into Ballard should just simply be "ME NEED PORK...ME NEED PORK"  Yeah, that sounds good.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,11/10/2008,123,328,10,12,12>My Vietnamese friend wanted to take me to lunch. Her treat. On a Monday. I immediately suspected foul play. We've eaten at pretty much every veg*n-friendly restaurant around our respective offices except Thai 65. So we went to lunch, all the while making sure to keep one eye on my friend in case she attempted to shank me.Despite the noon hour, we were quickly seated and given menus. I expected standard Thai fare, of course the restaurant didn't fail to disappoint in that regard. But when I saw "Chicken with Walnuts", I felt an urge to drool. I'm sure my friend thought her poisoning my water proved successful. I ordered the dish with tofu instead of chicken, medium-spicy and no fish sauce. Veg*ns should always be sure to ask this, otherwise you get a plate of what looks like tasty food but chock full of stomach aches.My friend ordered wonton soup and requested egg noodles. Our server didn't even so much as bat an eye. Two customers at the same table making substitution requests and the restaurant willingly complies? I'm impressed.We also ordered an appetizer of fresh rolls, basically tofu and veggies rolled in rice paper and served with a ginger dipping sauce. The rolls were cut into easy-to-grab pieces, which I appreciate but my friend didn't, and the sauce had a fantastic ginger flavor. We were both happy, especially knowing we could see each other's hands on the table at all times.Our dishes arrived in an appropriate amount of time, my friend's soup arrived before my dish. I take no issue whatsoever with a kitchen sending out food when it's done, I hate it when my food sits around waiting to be served. My dish didn't arrive much later, and that's even better on the kitchen's part: smart timing.Why I forgive this restaurant of any past, present and future transgressions: whole walnuts in my dish. Whole. Nary a broken walnut in the dish, and believe me, I checked. I never thought to pair tofu and walnuts together with green beans, bell peppers, onions and cabbage before. I left nothing on my plate, not even the overcooked rice (thus the four-star rating).My friend had to keep wiping the sweat off her brow as she ate. Was the soup that spicy or was she nervously watching me with my fork?
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,11/9/2008,34,14,6,6,8>There's life after Tuesday Tapas @ Chez Gaudy - and it's just as awesome!  Our "regulah Saturday night thang" is often Chez Gaudy - where my betrothed and I munch on one of the cheese boards, usually followed by Wasabi Cheese Toast and another app.  We rarely have room for a full entree - if the special sounds good, we'll share that and forgo the apps.  It's really so much food though, that splitting small plates is the way to go.Greg is the bomb (yes, I just said that), and has created the perfect environment for escaping the world for a while and relaxing in a warm, cheezy womb.  If that didn't sound so gross, it would totally make sense...just go, and you'll agree, I swear.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,10/19/2013,141,414,4,7,8>It was a Friday night. I didn't want to stay home nor did I want to cook and a beer sounded fantastic. I ran through neighborhoods in my head and settled on Georgetown. We drove over, parked, and walked around with no particular destination in mind. I thought possibly La Catrina but when we stopped by it was packed. We continued down Airport Way and spied a sign saying there was happy hour until 7:00. I didn't even notice the name of the place but happy hour was the clincher. We walked in and the rest is history.Star Brass Works Lounge had a familiar feel with its high ceilings and wood walls with back to back art. The seating is not fancy, typical of a bar like this: wood, used, and worn in. With a very long rather than wide interior I saw people coming in and out of the back but didn't explore that area myself. Above the bar was a chalkboard listing special drinks and a burger. The beer selection was excellent with many Georgetown Brewing taps available. Unfortunately they ran out of the Chopper's which I was elated to have. Better luck next time!My fellow and I sat down the proceeded to the bar to grab menus and order drinks. The bartender was flying solo and it was busy at moments yet she was very attentive to each customer and tried to make sure we didn't wait to long. The food options consisted of appetizers, salads, burgers, and sandwiches. I opted for the roasted red pepper sandwich and the guy ordered the deep fried mushrooms and sliders. Our food came out relatively quickly which worked in our favor since we were hungry. My sandwich was filled with roasted red peppers, cream cheese, and a variety of hard cheeses all melted together. The bread was the kicker. It had cheese toasted on the surface. Yum! I tried a deep fried mushroom and they were much smaller than normal but were paired nicely with the sauce. My guy said he liked his sliders. I was surprised but pleased the food turned out as good as it was. Super random find but it proved to be worth our time.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/18/2013,125,163,3,9,7>63 Yelp reviews for this place and only 1 mentions the Beer Baked Mac & Cheese. You don't know what you're missing! They make it with Manny's and it's just sooo good.  Seriously, if Seattle had a Mac and Cheese Off, this place would win.  (And, on a side note, Seattle, we should have a Mac and Cheese Off! Why don't we? If I build it, will you come?) Their sandwiches are great, big enough to save half for later (especially if you're having it with a cup of the Beer Baked Mac & Cheese, which I already told you that you must!) I special ordered a turkey reuben, because that's my favorite sandwich, and they made it perfectly, even though it's not on the menu. Thank you!  Did you know you can call ahead and pick your order up and bring it into the game? That's right, why are you paying stadium prices for a hot dog when you can have a SODO Deli Chili Dog - they use their own special chili, none of that stuff from a can. How serious am I about SODO Deli? I keep a copy of their menu in my car so I can call in my order anytime and pick it up about 15 minutes later. Or you can eat in, watch some TV, have a Manny's on tap, if the Mariners are playing they're showing it, and chat with the incredibly friendly staff, I love that they'll call you by name once they meet you. As a few people have mentioned, it's a little bit of a "hole in the wall" kind of place. Maybe it's not a date spot, or maybe you need to find a more laid-back date. It is definitely more of a "down home" kind of place than you usually find in a city. I remember when the small town I came from had places like this, all with the same names as the last names of the kids I went to school with. Now they're all replaced with Au Bon Pains, Starbucks, and Paneras. Not that there's anything wrong with that, I'm just saying I didn't go to school with the Starbucks kids or the Panera family. Here at SODO Deli, you feel like you might actually know the staff and their families (at least you see pictures of them hanging up.) That's my kind of place.  Thanks Jan & Tim for keeping it real!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,10/17/2013,131,218,5,12,6>Go here. They're cheap, quick, and they do great work. I took in a dress that needed to have the straps shortened. It was only $12 and the dress fits me perfectly now.Adam Tailoring is tucked away in a random house on Rainier...blink and you might accidentally drive past it. Just know that if you hit the funeral home, you've gone too far. Even though the location is a little awkward, I'll definitely be coming back here for all my tailoring needs. YES, the place is packed with dresses, but they also have two legit dressing rooms (you know, with actual doors instead of curtains) which I really appreciate. The women who run the place are super friendly. What more can you ask for?
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,10/16/2013,263,1104,3,8,8>How has nobody reviewed this place yet?! I think this might be a hidden gem because there was also no wait for this place at the the Capitol Hill Night Market either. I kind of want to keep it a secret but I want them to succeed: this is the food truck version of The Walrus and the Carpenter.My friend and I had the cantaloupe gazpacho with basil and lump crab meat and the smoked trout salad with lentils. The gazpacho was simply amazing. I've noticed Renee Erickson does a great job with her soups. The flavors were so unexpected but delicious, refreshing and summery. The smoked trout salad was also delightful. Since my friend and I are both trying to eat healthier, this was such a nice departure from all the fried foods at the other food trucks.The only cons:1. No oysters like at Walrus but that's a safety legal issue. Not their fault.2. High prices. The prices are still like Walrus prices which is a lot by food truck standards. Our dishes were $11-12 each.3. You don't have the beautiful space that is Walrus here. For Walrus-lite without the wait and commute (if that is far for you), definetely check out The Narwhal. It is as excellent-- as all Erickson's spots are.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,10/15/2013,45,135,6,8,7>Is Wallingford the new Foodie destination place?  Let's review the evidence: Cantinetta, Joule, The Whale Wins...and now Westward. I think the answer is "yes". Westward is at "sea level" and that's a good thing.  The day I was there it was sunny and the beach area was packed with outdoor diners and revelers. There is a communal table for walk-ins and also bar seating.  We sat at the bar and had a great meal with a very attentive staff.  The room is decorated in kind of a shabby-nautical chic.  I really liked the lamp shades made out of sailboat  sails.  The food was tasty and served with impeccable timing and accuracy given how busy they were.  By accuracy- I mean that the server knew who, ordered what.  By timing-I mean that the appetizers were served shortly after drinks, and before the main course.  I've noticed an awful trend in restaurants lately where courses come out "haphazard" and the server isn't even sure if it's the right table. Onto the food.  The fried chic peas are addicting.  Luckily they give you a "boatload" (pardon the pun) and there is plenty for sharing. The oysters were shucked right in front of us and I had the server choose the selection.  They were fresh, briny, as good as I've had anywhere with some great, vinegar sauce on the side. The star of the show however, was the octopus bolegnese pasta.  OMG was that good and tasty and the first time I have ever had octopus served that way.  I will order that again and hope it stays on the menu. If I had to be picky....I would say that the lack of "greens" on the menu was concerning. I know the owner runs "Skillet" where pork is a "white meat" but come on, only one salad? And fried squash blossoms are not a green-- people! We ordered the salad, but under protest. Dear Westward, get some greens on your menu and then you will be perfect.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,10/14/2013,42,77,7,8,9>Get the Royal Grinder. Or the Crown Grinder. Or the Italian Grinder. Or the Chicken Pesto. Actually, just close your eyes and point somewhere on the menu -- pretty much anything is probably going to be excellent.These are some serious, sturdy sandwiches for occasions when your stomach is seriously empty and you're ready for some major filling up. The bread is good, fillings and yummy, and everything is warmed until nice a toasty. As everyone else notes, it's not quick -- but you're waiting for the good stuff.Royal Grinders has a small window stool seating area, but most of their tables are located outside, so it's perfect for warm weather days. Their offerings aren't fancy (you won't find any imported or artisan/specialty flavor sodas or chips here) but what they do have is delicious. I haven't yet tried their gelato, but I look forward to trying it in the future!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/13/2013,67,257,5,9,9>What a nice place to grab drinks after a hard day's work, or when not working at all. There are plenty of seats on the front and rear patio decks (probably 10-15 in the front, about 30 in the back) to take in the rare and elusive Seattle sun. And there's still plenty of seating indoors. The motif along the walls and ceiling is piracy during the Age of Sail - which I think they focused too much on the naval aspects, instead of piracy. But hey, I'm here for drinks, and to exercise my dauber reflexes; not to be concerned with interior decorating. Food and drinks are ordered at the bar (efficient setup), drinks will be served immediately, while food will be brought to your table.There's even Bingo night on Wednesdays, one of my favorite games to play over some drinks. All-in-all,  service was efficient, décor is nice, and the atmosphere is relaxing. Worth a stop for drinks and relaxation if you're in the area.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/12/2013,1604,312,9,13,12>My first dance with Uli's was on a food tour of Pike Place Market a few years ago. During that visit, each member of our tour got one bite of sausage - prepared in a paper dish with fancy mustard and kraut.  It was a tasty bite.Then hubby and I relocated to Ohio, and just recently moved back to Seattle with two friends.  These friends were my very own food tour members, as I showed them around the market last weekend for their first time, sampling and eating at several vendor stalls along the way.  Uli's Famous Sausage was our first nosh, and I was pleased it hadn't changed one bit in personality or quality.Yuki was our server.  With her lively personality and purple-streaked hair, she took good care of us.  Between our three orders, we packed an apple pork sausage, classic German brat, and spicy Louisiana hot link in our gobs.  Plus, sauerkraut and seasoned fries, of course.  The dining area is small, but the flavors are huge.I want to dip everything in their curry ketchup!You stuffed us good, Uli.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/11/2013,114,107,8,11,9>First of all, the macarons. Eat them all. They are ridiculous.Second, the bar. Go there for happy hour. Sit at one of the high tables, which you'll inevitably share with strangers, and order about three plates of wings and some strange cocktail with herbs or fruit or both. You'll probably see Tom Douglas come in, sit at the bar, have a drink alone, and walk out in the wake of a bunch of servers who have been waiting to exhale for 45 minutes.I've had the pho and dumplings and other stuff and it's all been great. This is a good place for this restaurant; the sleepier end of 12th makes it seem less like a pressure cooker and you can really relax. It's not too loud and I've never seen it get crazy and I bet they'd put an egg on anything you wanted them to. The bar staff are a combination of barely legal college kids and older bar lifers with a decent air of sophistication. They have Black Maple Hill, which is, like, canary diamond rare around here. The drinks are strong and lovely. You won't be sorry.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,10/10/2013,98,643,3,5,7>Ci-Ci-Cicchetti,Quite the charmer this place is! Hidden away behind Serafina with vines and a glorious front patio intertwined with those pretty little lights done up alright. Its quite like a little version of Chateau Marmont holed up in sleepy Eastlake.What I love most about Cicchetti is that it holds the right mix of chi-chi ness of tapas food in a relaxed atmosphere of candelabra and deep wooded walls. Let me just say that if anyone took me here for a date I would rest assured that they had superb taste! I will strongly encourage you get a sampling of their appetizer plate. You get a small portion of delicious little marinated salads, fried empanadas, steak tartare, and the most amazing beet and cream cheese layered salad plus more. The wines are well chosen, but I've yet to choose a cocktail from quite an amazing and creative list put together. They also seem to rotate their menu seasonally which delights and breaks my heart at the same time because i've grown so attached to certain items on the menu.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2005,9/25/2005,44,140,,2,1>Only cash and only beer. The most hassle free bar you'll ever go to. If you own a motorcycle or if you just want to play pool and have a cold one... go to the Buckaroo. No cover, no line, no dresscode... everyone is welcome here. Heck, you can even order a pizza to the Buckaroo and have it with your $10 pitcher. Sometimes the music is loud but no louder than the Harleys revin' outside. Yeeeeha!
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2005,9/24/2005,472,197,,1,>This is my absolute favorite club in Seattle.  For the techno or electronic music lover, the beat is pretty much always on for Saturday's.  They tend to have some really hot names (Christopher Lawrence, DJ Skribble, DJ Tiesto, George Acosta, and on and on) all throughout the year.  There are pretty hot guys and gals there as well as some cool Go-Go dancers in little tiny outfits!  Drinks are good, bartenders are mostly friendly and fun!  It's free at the door for cover until 11 pm!  And for anyone like me who either does not smoke or is allergic, you can actually breathe in here.  It's not smoke free, but it's well-ventilated and believe me - it can really make a difference!  Enjoy!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2005,9/23/2005,40,428,,2,>I really did not like this place under the last ownership, but as of june it's taken on a new owner who has realy done something with the place. The beautiful jewelry displayed in cases really brings a shine with the new decor of the location and the workers are helpful and friendly. This place is known for it's customer jewelry creation, so if you're looking for something you've always pictures but could never find then venture in and they will definitly be able to help!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2005,9/22/2005,0,0,,,>I have spent countless lunches here with martini and cheeseburger and have NEVER been disappointed. The service is always speedy, the food is fabulous - (the garlic fries are like religion, but without all the guilt and evil) - salads? Yes. And they're amazing too. The truth is, I've never had a bad lunch or dinner here. My favorite thing about Deluxe? The second happy hour that happens in the evening. Starting around 11pm, they have half-priced appetizers and cheap drinks! Get the mushroom quesadilla. Always good! And complements a gin and tonic surprisingly well!Update 12/07 - Well, good things can't last forever. It's slid deeply into the realms of the average. The excellent food, and kind, speedy service are now a distant memory of days past.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2005,9/21/2005,60,614,1,2,1>Go ahead! Sit on the floor cushions and pretend you're in Morocco having dinner.  The food is tasty and make sure you wash your hands because they will be your eating utensils.  Order the fixed menu because if you order a la carte, the cost is about the same. And in answer to the question... "do we tip the belly dancer?" .... yes, you do tip the dancer. That's how they make a living wage.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2005,9/20/2005,5,99,,,>I could really do some $$$ damage in this place! Its awesome! Very well organized with a genuine, helpful, chill staff. You can find anything you desire that is made out of paper, in addition to a nice array of pens. The staff doesn't mind if you scribble about on pieces of scrap paper finding that pen that makes your writing look like calligraphy. Location is very convenient, being so close to the post office. I loved it, and can't wait to go back!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2005,9/19/2005,44,140,2,2,1>If you are looking for a nice quite weeknight or a hopping weekend night, both with a little style, this might just be your place. The "Bob" as we like to call it is a little treasure amidst queen anne. The front is dark and lit with candles on each table..the two person booths are wonderful for conversation, especially since the music is never too loud (and always good). The bar is an ideal place to sit on weeknights when Jamie is working. PBRs on tap are $2.50 and there is free pool in the back. . .UPDATE: THEY RENOVATED AND NOW IT IS BIGGER WITH LESS CHARM AND MORE PEOPLE. DAMN.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2005,9/18/2005,17,76,,,>Romantic atmosphere and excellent food. The tapas are my favorite part of the menu. The tequila list is extensive and slightly expensive, but that is too be expected.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2005,9/17/2005,1,58,,,>One of the sadder points of my life is that as a teen I tried to get a job at Bombay Wala, and they wouldn't hire me. But I gotta say, one of the only reasons I go to Westlake Mall is to eat the food here. The pakora here is really quite good, and the naan, sweet and pastry-like, is hardly authentic, but there is something about Bombay Grill that cannot be denied. This is not your average mall food!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2005,9/16/2005,27,256,,2,>The decor is so fabulous - I felt like I had stepped out of a time machine and back into the 1940s.  Very swanky Deco supperclub.  The staff is super professional yet warm and friendly.  The portions are ginormous.  Seriously *huge.*  Amazing seafood - I had Petrale sole stuffed with crab, shrimp and brie.  It was one of the best moments of my weekend in Seattle.  I only wish I would have had room for dessert as the ones that passed by looked tasty and decadent.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,2/23/2010,124,278,9,9,10>I have played the "Tourist, Not Tourist" game here and it's a great location for it. After ordering a scrumptious tart and coffee (with a beautiful little leaf ontop) and capturing seats at the window bar looking out at Pike Place (the street, the sidewalk, and yes the market too), the date and I proceeded to introduce the game that is Tourist, Not Tourist. Its premise is simple really.A person points out a passerbyer and comments: "Ah, looks like a tourist. They're wearing a SEATTLE sweatshirt, clearly purchased along the waterfront and shorts. [Shivers.] Gosh that looks cold!" OR. "Definitely a Seattlelite. Look at all that North Face and REI gear! It appears they have just returned from a hike on Mt Si... Hmmm.. wonder if REI is having a sale?!"Date and I were playing this game for a good couple minutes before a delightful couple sharing the bar with us decided to join in. It was the best part. They were tourists! We had fun developing stereotypes for what makes a Seattlelite and what makes a tourist.Turns out, I don't fit the Seattle image much at all because I'm stylish! Apparently, we're still grunge, and practical; not fashionable at all.  Naaahh really? Harrumph! This game has back fired on me. Love Le Panier! Always delicious. Always a fun location!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,2/22/2010,130,221,21,11,12>My night began wearing a suit and my night ended wearing Taco Bell!   When I checked the "Yes" box for the Katie S. going away party, a fellow Yelper said, "For your first Yelp event you sure picked a doozy."  I really did not understand that statement until two-three drinks into my night when I realized how strong the drinks were and the size of the shots.  My night out at the Baranof was truly a great night.  The drinks were good, the customers were friendly and interesting, and the staff was helpful. . . in getting me drunk.    And the bill was very reasonable for the amount of drinks purchased. After leaving the bar I thought it would be a great idea to walk home. . .until I saw the Taco Bell sign.   To make a long story short, the staff at Taco Bell on Aurora/90th got the pleasure of seeing the aftermath of a night out at the Baranof.   On Monday, my dry cleaner will also get the pleasure of seeing the aftermath of a night out at the Baranof.  No regrets.  Thanks Baranof.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,2/21/2010,99,239,4,7,5>Shelter is lookin' goooooood. I dig it. I can't wait to come here on a sunny Seattle day and enjoy their outdoor patio (which will probably be packed all summer long) and a cold one. Their beer menu wasn't anything special, it had what it needed to and was $1 off during happy hour, yay!We had a round of appetizers and they were all pretty tasty. The signature sandwich didn't wow me, but was huge for $5 and pretty good, just not great. The ahi sliders were surprisingly good... They were served on tortilla chips and when the plate arrived my heart sank a bit, but when I had one, it all made sense. The tortilla chip is simply a vessel to convey the delicious ahi and accompanying slaw into your mouth! I liked the fried avocado, it had a light seasoning on the outside and the sauce that came along with it was just a tiny bit spicy. I love avocado, and fried things are pretty wonderful, so.... I'm a fan. The service was great, friendly, and not too in-your-face. It is wooden and sort of lodge-like, yet still manages some sex appeal with the votive candles throwing soft light around. The soundtrack to the evening was on point, and I can easily hop on a bus nearby to get home? Sold!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,2/20/2010,76,510,8,9,9>Ahh, memories! When we were younger, our parents would make a weekend trip to the ID to buy our food for the week (before Oly had a decent Asian grocery), and we'd always come here to get some BBQ. Never ate in, always took out. But seeing the steamy windows with upside down tasty meats hanging got my mouth drooling!I went here recently to see if it's still as good as I remembered.It's even BETTER! Especially knowing how the yummy, greasy, fatty, crunchy, skin pieces are so bad for you now that your metabolism has slowed down (hey, my metabolism had never been fast anyway) and you need Pepto at least twice a year. Ahhh, getting old sucks.But! It gives you great appreciation. I bought a half pound each of BBQ pork and the roast pork. The guy handling the meat is so good, he chops the perfect weight (but still tosses it on the scale to check, or maybe for the customer to be sure), and there you go. You can buy big/small sauces (spicy mustard, orange sauce, plum sauce) and sesame seeds if you wish. It cost $8 for the full pound of 2 meats and a few sauces.The BBQ pork is so moist and flavorful, nothing like the bs you pick up at the grocery store in a pinch. This is the true, homemade flavor. And the roast pork? With its inch of fat, between the with crispy browned skin and a tiny part is actually meat? Ahh, perfection. Great with a hunk of fresh French bread, steamed rice, or noodles if you've got on hand. The duck is also good too (especially with some ginger nuoc mam), maybe I'll try it next time to see if "it's as good as I remember." ;)They will also prep your turkey for you during the holidays! Can you imagine the deliciousness?
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,2/19/2010,111,230,13,11,9>The Knee High Stocking Co is a great place to find stockings and socks of all different types of fabrics and colors. I found some great stockings for my lady friend here that she loved the design and the smooth feel that I love too. Ok coast is clear....So your not a cop, right? Ok, if your cool ring the door bell and the door host will check yeah out..If everything is cool she'll/he'll find a table for you and your friends. When I got in it was busy. My colleagues and I got placed in a tight room in a corner with another party. But it was cool anyways. Everyone is very friendly. I don't drink...and Why would I come to a speak easy? We'll Their food menu sounds good but it was a near miss. I had their Mac'n cheese, Salted nuts, and some sweet potato wedges that were descent. People seemed to enjoy their drinks and if your adventurist ask for the bar tenders choice which Clevey the bar tender chooses the drink. Also the menu offers...the"Green Fairy" if your in the know. ..But keep the Knee High on the low. ..Uh  hum-hum!....Yup Broadway is just up the hill and take a right to get to Dicks...
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/18/2010,113,373,8,13,10>Mistral Kitchen is the Disneyland of Seattle Dinning, there are many rides to try, I suggest considering 3 day passes."The Belltown Lounge-go-round"Sit in one of the 2 sleek lounge areas, sip excellent cocktails while munching on some snacks."The Belly up to the Bar shootin range"Just a few seats, and sit back and enjoy some amazing creations or a few craft beers."Mr. Gastro-pub's wild ride"Grab a table, order some great food, watch other riders come and go, enjoy the scene."Kitchen Class Coaster"Sit at a bar, look at crazy kitchen appliances churn out all sorts of goodness."Jewel Box (that's what it's really called) Fun House"Remember Mistral, this is that!"Space Mountain" (aka, the Chef's Table)Here we go, and this was my experience, cause, if you're going to go to Disneyland, you have to ride Space Mountain.The table can take 10, we were 4.  To start, William Belickis, el Chef, gives us a tour of his brand new joint, what's this oven do, what's that space for, it's like Mr. Disney himself shows you around the park.Then it starts, and I think for 5 days after open it was a standard, excellent tasting menu.  Nothing too exotic, but I bet that will come. Some deep red ahi, "sunny side up hamachi" (simply stunning), duck liver, perfectly paired, Stop...A treat, we stop in the middle, get a wonderful cocktail (with stories of it's french tradition told).Continue.... A meat course, was it duck, I forget.  Stunning cheese, and marvelous desserts.  Oh, and an espresso.Closing thoughts:Look (hat tip BHO).  Mistral kitchen isn't gonna make you feel like you're at a perfect french restaurant, but it's gonna cost that much.  You don't know what you're getting, you ought immerse yourself in enjoying the food, not decomposing the recipe.  If that's what you're after, this ain't it.  Come enjoy the rides, I'll be back to try some others soon.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,2/16/2010,167,645,7,7,7>Despite the harmless-sounding name, Aquavit or eau de vie or "water of life" is about as subtle as Howard Stern talking about someone's mother. It is a stiff clear drink that has caraway as its primary flavor along with other spices such as dill and coriander. It could be an acquired taste, but as an avid gin drinker, I really enjoyed my first foray into this Scandinavian liquor. There is a nice selection of Aquavit, and I had a chance to try 3, including a very good house made version. There are also some very interesting beers including D. Carnegie, a porter brewed by Sweden's oldest brewery. It was lighter than most American porters, and the version we had was brewed in 2004 and "best before 2014" which means it is still young. There is also a full menu with Scandinavian specialties like meatballs, pickled herring, etc., which I will definitely try next time. The decor is definitely a little racy with the photos and antique "toys" but very unique and fun, and there is nothing else like it in Seattle or probably for hundreds of miles.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,2/15/2010,87,262,8,11,11>Finally - something new and flipping cool in lower QA. Welcome Citizen, we have been waiting for you. A creperie, wine bar and coffeehouse in a converted industrial space that serves a simple yet gourmet menu, Lighthouse joe, interesting wine and Macrina baked goods. We split the September crepe and the Citizen salad. Perfect light lunch enjoyed in the loft seating area overlooking the cafe. The savory crepe was filled with apple smoked bacon, goat cheese and avocado. The salad was light and fresh, an assortment of mixed greens and tomato. Service was superb, prices very affordable, music was indie-awesome and then to top it off with a perfect americano to go - voila! I will be back several times a week, no doubt. The sweet crepes (nutella - oh god) and wine list are beckoning me back.... We may need you to stay open later, but for now, we are just glad to have you here!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,2/14/2010,133,298,11,15,13>Everytime I come to Belltown, I think to myself, I really don't get to this neighborhood enough.On today's rare venture to Beltown, I ended up at Macrina. I'd been here during the cupcake crawl a few months back, but really was craving to try something that's a little bit more their specialty.Calvin Y and I came in around noon, and while there was a 10-15 min wait for a table, the bar was completely open. So... yeah, we sat at the bar! And, FYI... by the time the next party finally got a table, we already had our food. Just saying... I don't really get why the bar isn't popular, but hey, that means I can get food that much faster.I ended up with the Macrina Fried Egg Sandwich with bacon - and it was delicious!! The spicy tomato sauce is really quite amazing, and the more tabasco sauce you add, the better it tastes - so I made mine super spicy!Honestly, everything there looked / smelled delicious, so you really can't go wrong. But I think I'll have a hard time ever ordering something besides the fried egg sandwich.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,2/12/2010,221,439,26,22,22>WHORE! (I promise the word relates to my review and I'm not just going through a case of Tourette's)Now that I got your attention -- from Merriam-Webster, the etymology for puttanesca is the following, "Italian, short for alla puttanesca, literally, in the style of a prostitute."   How can you resist getting a pasta dish that's named after prostitutes?  (I suppose if they were named after the ladies of the night on Aurora, then yes, you should probably resist it...)  Just like the origin of the word, puttanesca, your taste buds will get loads of action because it's spicy, tangy, and... wait for it... SALTY.  This is of course due to all the tomatoes, olives, peppers, and capers which add a lot of flavor to the red sauce.  The pasta is wonderfully cooked - al dante and that's the way I like it.  As an appetizer, we had the wasabi grilled cheese sandwiches and that comes with a mustard spread, pickles and fruit chutney (the chutney was so good that I didn't want to give it up when the waitress cleared the table)!  The wasabi grilled cheese is very good - it has a hint of wasabi so it's not too strong and it tastes wonderful with chutney and mustard.  For dessert, I ended the night with their trifle and guess what?  The chutney came back!  Very good trifle - the sponge cake was really moist!   The place is really cute, very cozy.  The lighting is dimly lit, but with strings of decorative lights going across the restaurant.  Music choices are wonderful too - it was Ben Gibbard and Imogen Heap night since they only played Death Cab, Postal Service, and Frou Frou.  The only thing that was weird ---was that their power kept going out and they had to restart the generator several times throughout our dinner, maybe the A/C was working too hard for a hot Seattle night?    Like the description of the puttanesca on their menu, I will totally sell myself for another trip to Chez Gaudy.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,10/13/2010,316,105,13,30,21>I've been practicing yoga (intermittently) since 2001, and was introduced to Bikram's yoga franchise in 2002.  This was before the "hot yoga" craze had hit Washington, and Yoga College of India in Fremont and The Sweatbox were the only places in town.  I tried both, and while the former had better parking and a changing room equipped with showers, The Sweatbox won me over with it's fantastic teachers, homey feel, and lower prices.  When I moved to Bellingham for graduate school Bikram yoga kept me (mostly) sane and protected my joints from the rigors of running.   In December I decided to revisit Bikram yoga after a bout of headaches, runner's knee and Seasonal Bitchiness Disorder (SBD).  Though I am still pining for my studio in Bellingham I was stoked to return to the Sweatbox.  Luckily, all the things I Ioved about it in 2002 are still in effect and there have been some great updates including a new and improved beverage selection, auto-pay yearly unlimited classes for 99/month, and cold filtered water fountains in the bathrooms.  There are other membership options that may be a better fit for you, but this is a great deal if you're ready to commit to a Bikram yoga practice and are reasonably sure you'll live in the area for the next year.   Owners Laura and Frankie obviously do this as a labor of love.  The genuine passion they have for Bikram yoga comes through in their business practices and teaching styles.  I've been attending the 90-minute classes three times a week since December and I've never had a negative experience with an instructor here.  Classes have not felt overly crowded (this can be a problem at Yoga College of India in my experience) and everyone has been friendly and approachable when I have had questions or need feedback.  The studio feels comfortable and welcoming.  My only complaint is the lack of showers, but I can't even bring myself to dock them a star for this.Newcomers should take advantage of the first time student special (ten consecutive days of yoga for ten dollars).  You simply can't judge this style of yoga after just one class.   Ten in rapid succession will give you a much better idea.  As far as I'm concerned, no other form of exercise has even come close to the benefits of Bikram yoga.  For example, I was able to run for 45 minutes on Saturday with no pain in my knee for the first time since December.  Try it and see for yourself- all you stand to lose is a couple gallons of sweat.Some general tips for Bikram yoga novices:-"Hot yoga" and "Bikram yoga" are not interchangeable.  Do some research and figure out what's best for you before committing to a membership.-Bring a big towel, water bottle and yoga mat.  Expect to sweat more than you've ever sweat before.-Don't expect to feel great during and after your first class.  Expect to feel like crap.  It will get better.-Drink water throughout the day before class, and don't eat for at least 2 hours beforehand (3 hours or more works better for me).  Don't guzzle water during class- take small sips or you will feel nauseous.-Wear as little clothing as possible.  Check your modesty at the door.  Once you enter the 105+ degree room you will be glad you did.  Be prepared to see a Speedo or two. -Don't wear lotion- you need to be able to grip your limbs.  Lotion plus sweat=slippery mess.-Push yourself, but kneel or lay down if you feel dizzy or nauseous, especially as a beginner.-The cost may seem daunting, but seriously, consider cutting 100 dollars a month out of your coffee or beer budget and applying it toward your membership.  Your body will thank you.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,10/12/2010,779,709,8,15,12>I am a big fan of Brix. That it also happens to be a mile or so from my house only adds to it's allure.I've gone several times since discovering this little gem of Kirkland, and had "casual drink time", "romantical dinner time", and "omg girl i havent seen you in forever, lets meet up" time, and Brix handled each time with ease. The decor, service, food and wine list hold up to each and every possibility.I've had the steak dinner, broccoli soup, various appetizers and the happy hour pizza. All were fabulous, but the steak stood out. Probably one of the better steaks on the Eastside, and esp for the price. I'd recommend Brix for any reason, whether it's you and him, or you and a buch of hers...Brix can support it with flair.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,10/11/2010,215,299,10,14,13>A stack of golden brown pancakes and pork-maple sausage, date butter, spiced maple syrup: $16Eggs benedict, house smoked berkshire ham, dill hollandaise: $16Splitting them with your bestfriend on a gorgeous winter afternoon in Seattle: Priceless.Lets be real here. If you've been here, your service was likely phenomenal, and while atmosphere is a little hustle and bustly, the food is excellent. They have, without a doubt, the best eggs benedict I've ever had in my life. The hollandaise isn't too rich, it's just perfect, with little bits of dill sprinkled on top that give it just that extra touch. The english muffin, which I'm sure is house-made over at the Dahlia Bakery really makes this dish. Something about it that we just couldn't pinpoint that was oh so delicious. And the ham, thin-shaven so you didn't have any one bite with this overwhelming ham taste. It just all meshed together So well, and so differently than any other EB I've ever had.Then there's the pancakes & sausage. While our server actually cited Yelp as a place where reviewers seem to tout the tastiness of the sausage, I thought it tasted a tad like dirt, and so did the BFF. The pancakes more than redeemed what the sausage lacked though. Not necessarily the pancakes themselves, I could've made those at home, but the combination of the date butter and the spiced syrup... it was one of but two things in my life that I've eaten that made me wonder if I had died and gone to heaven. So, SO good. When we left the restaurant I called my mom (a huge Tom Douglas fan, although she has yet to eat in one of his restaurants) and told her of the deliciousness. She cannot wait to come visit again.We'll be back!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,10/10/2010,91,486,7,10,9>Cream Cheese: The Sweet Sweet Nectar of The Gods. Every cheesecake's delicious base, a staple in every bagel-eater's fridge, unlikely hot dog garnish, and the secret ingredient for Alli D's Savory Chicken Squares (pm me for recipe).It can also be found in the omelets at The Dish. I ordered the 'My Favorite' omelet, which has bacon, tomatoes, green onion, and cream cheese. Add in a cup of dark dark coffee, a 'scone' which seems more like coffee cake but is amazing nonetheless, and some home fries, and you've got yourself a breakfast worthy of the Gods. Personally I prefer my potatoes with a little more crunch and a little less grease, but then again I'm just a mere mortal and don't know what's good and what's not. Case in point: The Boy particularly enjoyed the potatoes. We both agreed that the bacon was divine. You decide whose opinion is more omniscient.Other things to note about The Dish: It's tiny, so be prepared to wait if you come after 9 on a weekend, they only take cash or check, and they have a whole wall full of different hot sauces.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,10/9/2010,241,192,9,14,10>It was love at first bite...  The menu is simple and clean. The atmosphere cool, clean, hip and an over all feel good vibe. Starter: PIGTAIL, I was afraid but the adventurous eater I am I ordered it. Golden crispy on the outside, tender succulent moist shredded of pork on the inside.. A delightful surprise in the unassuming presentation. The mustard vinegar sauce was a nice twist and the 5 minute egg cleanses your palate; white chilled, yellow warm & runny (I love this). Entree: Halibut, cooked to perfection. Crusted on the outside, moist but still done on the inside, sitting atop wilted baby spinach! Lemony hollandaise like sauce with sun golden cherry tomato medley... HEAVEN. Love at 1st bite. I felt welcome, waitstaff attentive and helpful.. OH! And they had my fav beer on TAP!!! STELLA!!!! GO!!! GO!!! GO!!! Before you have to wait for an hour to get in!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,10/8/2010,200,171,10,12,9>I feel like a very lucky girl living in a world where I can buy an Ugly Doll and a beautiful card either on my way into yoga or as I'm stumbling out of Naked City after finishing off a pint of "Final Relaxation Pose" IPA.Add to that an adorable staff and friendly customers chiming in with their own two-cents and you've got a sweet neighborhood shop that really hits the spot.I just wish I had one in MY neighborhood. C'mon people... Sip & Ship Columbia City... It's got a lovely ring, no?
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,10/7/2010,172,350,12,12,13>Love it- love everything about it! I'd tasted a few of their delicious beers at establishments around town but I just had to take advantage of the UYE last Saturday to get up close and personal with the brewery. We gathered in the back room which was spacious and echoey - great for our loud group. The regular tasting area in the front was nice as well, with wooden tables and a warm, relaxed atmosphere. The beer was, of course, perfect. I had a (large) pint of the stout and another of the IPA and then realized it was all a little much (read: I was a little drunk) because I hadn't really eaten that day! Oops. Apologies to the rest of the people in my carpool that had to listen to me talk about Lowes on the way home. If I'd thought of it earlier, I could have ordered from the pizza place next door. Their menus are on the tables and they deliver to the brewery for no extra charge. I don't get over to Redmond very often but it'd be worth making the dreaded trip to hang out here.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,10/6/2010,609,878,12,15,14>You know how some places are just so awesome that they put you at a loss for words? Yep, this was definitely one of them. I was actually planning to go to Bluebird down the street, but there was an entire flight of steps to get in, so along I went to Old School Frozen Custard. They stick to three flavors a day (which you're allowed to sample) - vanilla and chocolate every day, with one flavor that rotates daily (see them here: loveoldschool.com/calend…). A flat $3 will land you a simple hefty 4oz scoop of custard in a bowl or cone - I suggest splitting it with a buddy, because this stuff is rich.But what can I say aside from this frozen custard being hands down awesome? The kind of awesome that puts an inane smile on one's face and (almost) makes one want to giggle like a little school girl. Rich, but not overwhelmingly so, and ohhh-so-smooth. That said, it's heavy (and hefty) enough that you might start to feel it about half way through, so again, share the love with a friend.Add super friendly staff on top of all this, and you get the first dessert joint to earn five stars from me in Seattle. Oh, and if you have a smart phone and fan/follow them on Facebook/Twitter at the counter, you get 10% off your order!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2010,10/5/2010,300,256,8,9,8>I joined some fellow Yelp folks for a Breakfast Club Meetup. Ten of us got there just before opening and they sat us as soon as the doors swung open. The staff were lovely, especially our server, and the atmosphere was refreshingly upbeat for early Saturday dining. However, the early bird breakfasts weren't stunning. Coastal Kitchen has a regular menu with staples like omelette's, hashes, pancakes, and waffles. And each season they cycle through a different coastal cuisine to supplement their normal offerings. Right now Greece is representing. I ordered a special breakfast of shrimp and sun dried tomato cakes, topped with prosciutto and poached eggs. Portion was small and food was ok. It was served with some tiny pita points and a boatload of sauce.  I'd suggest this place for comfort food selections and for a nice place to nest with good company and a good cup of coffee. In the past I've been more impressed with their seasonal offerings and I'm sure I'll be back to keep testing the waters.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2009,10/4/2010,331,569,12,14,13>I was introduced to Indian cuisine last night. Let me tell you, we hit it off! The introductory meal began with an order of plain naan and an order of paneer stuffed naan (three slices of each). I don't think vampires will be dining at Bengal Tiger anytime soon. Holy garlic! Delicious. I ordered the tandoori ginger chicken. I'm not big on the spice factor, so I was pleasantly surprised when the dish packed mild heat, but not enough to make me grab for my water. There were nearly six pages of entrees to try on the menu, with lots of vegetarian options if you don't like the meats. I thought everything was reasonably priced especially considering the large portions. I'm looking forward to becoming more acquainted with you, Bengal Tiger.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,3/21/2013,57,142,4,12,10>It took five years, but I've finally found it - the best cheesesteak in Seattle. One a Philly transplant will legitimately appreciate.I'd basically given up. There were places here that were "good enough", I've been rating Seattle cheesesteak places on a "how good are they....for Seattle" scale, not on an absolute scale. Calozzi's breaks the trend. It's legitimately that good.The rolls are fantastic. A true Philly cheesesteak is supposed to have a crusty Italian roll - which is something curiously difficult to find in Seattle, I've tried to buy them myself to no avail. Maybe they import them from Philly. Either way, they are very good. They cradle the meat, cheese, and onions properly.Speaking of, the meat is good - no silly, unnecessary seasonings, just pure steak goodness. Its finely chopped - more along the style of Jim's, as opposed to the bigger chunks like Pat's or Geno's. Cooked properly, and drenched in two layers of cheese - both along the roll, and on top of the meat. A nice touch. Also, the onions are properly cooked, along with the meat.I chatted with the owner a little, he seemed like a true Philly guy - the only type who should be running a cheesesteak place. If you're looking for a cheesesteak in Seattle, don't look anywhere else - none of them compare. Calozzi's is the best in the city, possibly on the entire west coast.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,3/20/2013,475,222,9,12,13>What a fun spot. Open for barely a month it's fast becoming the hip new spot to sing your bloody lungs out!The rooms are spacious, well decorated, and feature lights and an atmosphere that make you feel like Axel Rose in his heyday! If you aren't familiar with the Korean style Norebang style of karaoke, you rent a room and sing while paying per hour. The rate is $25 an hour and is one of the best bang for ya buck when it comes to singing your heart out.Happy Hour is 1/2 off the rate and is from 4-9PM. I HIGHLY SUGGEST COMING! I came for my first time tonight and had a blast, lost my voice but it was great!5 ooooooh-we're-half-way-there-oooooooh-livin-on-a-­prayer stars out of 5!!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/18/2013,267,579,36,17,19>This is going to be an angry and bitter review.  Dear Theo,I don't know what happened to make you decide that it was a good idea to ruin average chocolate/candy for the world, but you should be ashamed!  After tasting one chocolate after another and slipping deeper and deeper into sugar heaven, I began to plot ways to remain hidden in the factory for all time.  Why?  Because a Hershey's candy bar will never taste as good again.  Because Reese's is so fantastically mediocre. BECAUSE M&MS ARE CRAP. You've hurt my psyche, Theo.  You've made the world more complicated.  You have unsimplified the child in all of us. You need to take a long, hard look in the mirror, Theo.  *angry glare*,JewbakaP.S. Please send me 4 dark chocolate bars and an assortment of truffle like thingies as an apology.  It's a start...
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,3/17/2013,171,247,3,8,7>To be honest, I am more of a wine and beer person than a hard liquor or cocktail person. But places like Tavern Law are slowly changing that. I really appreciate the seriousness with which the bartenders take their hand crafted cocktails here. It is apparent that it is more than an means to an end for these guys. And they are more than willing to educate or make suggestions. There are coktails that you don't find on a typical bar drink list. The freshness of the ingredients and the quality of the liquor used in the drinks is apparent. These drinks are not watered down and meant to be savored and sipped.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,3/16/2013,1139,93,5,10,8>So I've been a member at the gym now for about a month, and I have to say that I'm still just as impressed as I was the first time I went in and signed up unexpectedly.  I have had two 30-minute complimentary training sessions with a trainer and was shown how to use the equipment, which was great as there were machines there that I had no idea how to use.  On top of that, the trainer gave me tips on nutrition and also showed me exercises to do with hand-weights.  I learned how to use a Bosu Ball as well, which is one of the greatest things ever!!  She also gave me two free passes for P90X, which is one of the classes you have to pay for at this gym if you chose to attend.  So I'm excited (and nervous) to try P90X soon!Also, the gym is having a Member Appreciation Day this coming Monday, December 17th so if you live in the area and are considering joining a gym, this is the day to check Prime Fitness out!!  They will have Free Enrollment for new members that includes no dues until February!  They will also have personal training specials, raffles/prizes for group x and hot yoga attendees and free smoothies for personal training and P90X attendees.  And if you refer someone to the gym, you get double referral money... so if any of you go, make sure you mention my name (they know I'm the girl that writes Yelp reviews).  ;)  So go get your fitness on!!!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,3/15/2013,184,232,5,10,9>Came here a few weeks ago and it was delish. First... we were looking for a place around 10 pm on a tuesday, not much to choose from right? WRONG! Duke's was open! We were greeted nicely and handed an array of menus.  Who knew they had so many??! Not me. Tyler was our server, he recommended a few items and then brought me the dessert menu, the ONE we were missing. :p We ordered the Mahi Mahi Tacos and Chocolate Chip cookies and Vanilla Ice cream. The Tacos were excellent... a little messy, but good. The cookies just tasted like toll house baked, and the ice cream, was ... well... ice cream. The service was excellent and I was happy they are open late. I plan on coming back, there are more things on this menu I want to try!
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,3/14/2013,64,115,6,7,7>It's good to know that Fins shares the same building as the popular Village Theatre.  Therefore, they are busiest right before an 8:00 evening show or weekend matinee.  You will almost certainly need a reservation for these peak times, but if you happen in to their weekday happy hour from 5:00 - 5:30, you will find great service at the bar, with both food and drink specials.  Seafood is their specialty... crab cakes, salmon pasta dishes and crab bisque are all great.  If you came here at showtime you would probably have the place to yourself!   Outdoor patio sits right on Front Street in downtown Issaquah... probably a wonderful place to enjoy brunch during the summer.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,3/13/2013,265,74,3,11,8>A nice change of pace compared to what you normally see on Aurora, a cute, family run produce stand that always has the BEST produce. The set up is very organized and the staff is very helpful! I actually was recruited by the family to work here with them, I did do one farmers market with the wife Terry, and we had a blast! I haven't worked with them since, but on my days off wouldn't mind coming into help.All the local things that they have in the store would make awesome gifts for the holidays too, I even want to go in and buy some things just because I think that they would look rad in my house.Fresh produce, local, and a very nice staff! The building is clean, and theres always something new to see there which keeps me coming back! Definitely give this place a try next time you want some super fresh and delicious fruits & veggies!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/12/2013,313,498,3,6,4>I agree with another reviewer that mentioned Elemental Pizza is a huge improvement to the restaurant that was in it's place before.  I hope it stays awhile, I love this place.  Elemental is a huge hit for us as a family. My daughter is going through a picky eater phase but she will eat a plain cheese pizza.  Service is wonderful here and very family friendly.  Our server brought over some dough and a mini pizza plate for my daughter to play with.  She shaped the dough and they bake her creation and bring it back to the table later with the real pizza. How fun for her.  Also, depending on where you are seated in the restaurant, your kids will be entertained for a few minutes watching the pizza guy stretch and toss the dough in the air.  Free entertainment. I'll take it. :) My recommendations:  High Heat was my favorite, but it is also pretty spicy so not a good one to share with kids.  My other favorite is the Fun Guy - mushroom pizza. And they have a nice selection of wines and beers.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,3/11/2013,158,182,5,6,8>Umi has an amazing location on 1st avenue in Belltown, perfect for grabbing food and being able to walk to whatever club/lounge you were planning for the night.  They have a large space, good for big groups of people. Sushi/sashimi is fresh and delicious. They offer an amazingly large variety of rolls. I am ashamed to admit that I have yet to come here during happy hour. Everyone I know who has tried happy hour here has not been disappointed; definitely on my to-do list. And of course for me the biggest plus is that they have Sapporo on draft. (My 29/30 for November)
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,5/4/2013,528,376,11,13,12>Absolute best sound system of all clubs I've been to in Seattle.  I am all about loud EDM so this is the place to be.  My other favorite part of this club is its space...even the entry-way is huge.  It's great to walk around without bumping into others, and dance in your own bubble without getting elbowed by "that guy".  The decor and lighting is gorgeous and sets the EDM mood very well.  Tables, floors, couches, even bathrooms are all clean--I just hope it stays that way.  :DQ also has its own infused vodka, which is awesome!  It helps make this place even more special and unique from other clubs.  With rotating DJs I'm sure there's something for everyone's taste.  The night I went there was some strange house playing, but I'd still like to venture back and hear the music. :)  This isn't a club that plays mainstream or "club" music so keep that in mind if that's what you're expecting.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,5/3/2013,133,363,17,21,19>I have fallen in love.Turkish breakfast is my new lifesblood and I come here every weekend and whenever I can on the weekdays. The owners are the NICEST!! But I'll get to that later, let me tell you about the breakfast that I love so much:1. You walk in and just sit down, don't wait to be seated. Make eye contact and just say "Turkish breakfast please!". 2. Wait maybe 5 minutes and you'll have your plate of wonder in front of you, plus bottomless Turkish tea.3. When you ask for a Turkish coffee, you'll learn that in turkey that's served AFTER breakfast. You might have to remind them that you want that, but it's worth the wait!4. Just get up and wait to pay at the cash register when you're done. They'd never make you feel rushed by bringing you the bill.The breakfast changes slightly every time I go there and I'm always excited to see what new and interesting things will come on my plate:- 3 types of Turkish cheese- bottomless slices of bread from the essential baking company (I use this to make open face sandwiches of whatever else is on my plate-dried apricot- olives- did I mention the 3 cheese?? Because they're soooo goooooood.- homemade jam- hard-boiled egg- sometimes Turkish beef- tomatoes- zata (spelling??)The very friendly owner speaks fluent English and Turkish. At some points she has a conversation with everyone in the place at once! Not in a disturbing way, but you want to join the conversation and she lets you! Her sons are sweet and quiet young men from what I saw of one of them.The Turkish coffee is good. It tastes from the earth in a good, natural way. I liked it so much I bought the coffee (with cardamon) and a pot, etc to make it with. I asked her husband how to make it at home and he told me the following charming story:"Well, you put the coffee and milk in and heat it on the stove at medium heat so that when it starts to boil you can take it off and put it back on, then you pour pour it veeeerrrrry slowly into the cup to get the foam and then the rest really fast!Only at one time in a Turkish woman's life is it important to make good Turkish coffee. When I was being introduced to her family for their approval before our wedding (and all the elders on my side and her side were there) the bride to be is supposed to make coffee for everyone and if my elders didn't like her coffee, then we would not be wed. So it's a big event! Well, we chatted for about an hour, and then the time came for her to make everyone coffee. She was so nervous. And I was young so when the coffee came out I didn't know I was supposed to wait for the oldest to drink first and I had a sip of the coffee! It. Was. Terrible. She got so nervous she added salt instead of sugar! All I could do was wish to god that the house would be hit by a plane so no one else would get a chance to drink this awful awful coffee! Well, the elders starting drinking it and were "Oh, nice coffee... good coffee". And I think to myself "What?!" and look at her and she gives me this smile"They are a cute couple and it's an amazing restaurant.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,5/2/2013,386,1001,15,21,16>At Machine House you can step simultaneously into both brewing history and brewing tradition. The building is an amazing old structure built as Seattle Brewing and Malting Company many, many decades ago (in Seattle architectural history, that's the paleolithic age), now given over to producing classic English session ale styles, thankfully on fairly modern equipment. This would easily go five stars, but the setting is incredibly spartan. Really, all there is to do here is sit on a stool (or a keg), and drink golds, bitters, or milds by the pint or by the half-pint. There's a bit of soccer on the small flat screen, and they're equipped enough to take credit cards on their iPad, but generally speaking, it's an industrial setting. The bathroom is bare concrete and it's a bit chilly in the winter. I saw at least one GF with a thousand-yard stare on her face while her BF chatted merrily about beer with his neighbors at the bar. It's not a boy's club, but it has a certain kind of ambiance that you could call Fratty Minimalist, to be sure.And the ambiance is also its strength. You can pull down a little cut between brick buildings off Airport Way. It's exactly across from Full Throttle Bottles. There's a ton of parking back there, and that's where the entrance is, right under the big ol' smokestack. The tasting room is bare bones. There's a little bar they built, with three beer engines pulling their classic English styles. There is a big bank of gigantic windows with arched tops, and there's about a thousand square feet, maybe a bit more, of open area. There's a cooling room, a keg storage room, and tanks and kettles at one end. You could spend ten minutes messing stuff up and you'd be able to convince anybody the place had been abandoned. But they're brand, brand new, and they probably have day jobs, so this is all part of the charm. The beers are fantastic. They're on cask, so the carbonation levels are low, but they're doing amazing things with old styles in the 3-4% ABV range. They're just knocking them out of the park (or whatever the synonymous British idiom would be for doing things very well). It's a charming and low-cost way to soak up Seattle brewing history and UK brewing tradition from your stool. Or keg. Whatever it is you happen to be sitting on.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/1/2013,140,198,12,14,15>Fonda La Catrina has quickly become my favorite Mexican food in town.  I love everything I've tried: drinks, chips, guacamole, tacos, and especially the tamales.  Their pork is succulent and perfect, and I can't help but order the tamales on each visit (they've been happy to make them dairy free - just leaving the crema & cheese off the top). Service varies in speed, but they're always friendly & polite. Friday at lunchtime (11:30-1:30) can be very busy, make reservations if you're coming with a large party or if you can't sit on a barstool.The bathrooms are wheelchair accessible, but they frequently have extra chairs stacked in the way.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/30/2013,615,688,7,13,11>Lots of delicious choices for creating yummy Indian food.The Indian grocery stores in Seattle are a bit lacking, usually only carry a small amount of items and definitely no fresh veggies.  This place provides a huge range of choices.  I was absolutely blown away with the amount of merchandise. First off, they have a rice flour, lots of different gluten free flours for much lower prices than Whole Foods.  I sing their praises for this fact alone!  If you are needing gluten free baking supplies, this is the place to stock up.  And they have brinjal eggplant. I've been wanting to make stuffed brinjals!  Good choices in mixes, chutneys and spices.  And again, great prices on the spices. They also have chaat, which smelled and looked delicious.  I was far too excited to go home and cook so the chaat will have to wait for a return trip.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/29/2013,455,439,7,11,9>I really liked this place! The atmosphere is pleasant, and comfortable. I love that it's dark enough for a romantic night, but not too dark, you can still bring a group of friends, and enjoy each others company. The decor is great, sets a really nice tone, I loved the wood structure of this place. Come as you are, you will be welcomed if you are dressed up, or if you want to come in your jeans and a tee-shirt. I loved their Flight of wine: That's what a wine bar should be all about, to sample different wines, it's nice to have them paired up already, so if you're not 100% familiar with wine, a combination is already picked for you. I went on a Wednesday, so the flight was $2 off, loved the orange wine.  They had a decent food menu, I can't wait to try their flat breads, and their creme brulee is homemade, so I look forward to trying that as well. I did have their baked cheese, and bacon stuffed mushrooms, and I really enjoyed those. I also had their brie with honey and nuts, it was good, but I was not a huge fan of it, it was clumpy, and I don't think that it was supposed to be like that, I expected something more smooth. My server was amazing, he told me all about their wine club, for $25 you get two bottles of wine, and 10% off of all your visits during that month. I'm really excited to try it out.My favorite places in Tacoma are:  Valhalla Coffee, Matador, Infinite soups, Top of Tacoma Bar,  Indochine Asian Dining Lounge on Pacific, and CORK is now on my top #5 favorite places to go to in Tacoma.Also, your GPS may be wrong, if you're having a hard time finding this place, just turn on the street past Jason Lee middle school, they are right there on the corner off of 6th, can be a little tricky to find. I guess my GPS, kept sending me to their old location? It took a while for me to find this place.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,4/26/2013,49,294,8,9,9>I had walked by this place at least a million times (I walk a lot).  My friend and I were hungry and ordered two of their sandwiches to go.  They were absolutely delicious!  While we were waiting we were walking around looking at everything they sell.  If you're like me and have certain people in your life that are nearly impossible to shop for during holidays or birthdays than this would certainly be the place to come.  There would be at least one item that you could find for them -- I promise.  To name a few: Jams, mustards, oils, salsas, sauces galore, spices, gift baskets, kitchen gadgets, cookbooks, lotions & soaps, and much more.In love with this place!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,4/25/2013,595,1498,10,13,12>I am not an early riser. So when Crumble & Flake opened, I really wanted to try this place out but unwilling to get up early, drive over to Seattle and wait in line for some baked goods.The popularity of this small bakery on Capitol Hill was a bit of a turn off as I didn't want to deal with the unpredictability of wondering whether there would be anything to buy when I arrived.I happened to be in downtown Seattle one day last week. It was about noon time and I had a thought to just walk up to Capitol Hill to see if there was a chance I might be able to get something from Crumble & Flake.It was not looking good when I walked up Olive Way. There was no line and based on the angle, it seemed like the bakery was closed having sold everything for the day. But as I got to the door, low and behold there was actually desserts to be had! It seems business is settling into a comfortable groove finally.The breakfast pastries had sold out, but they still had brownies, cookies and macarons available. I decided to pick up a few items. Got a thin mint Cheweo ($2.50), a Irish coffee macaron ($2.50) and a brownie ($2.75). I thought it interesting that checkout was done using an iPad here.The verdict on the items I tried was that I liked all three with varying levels of love. Level 1 was the Cheweo which was like a chewy cookie version of a York peppermint pattie. I liked it, but the chewiness seemed like it was more suited for an ice cream sandwich.Level 2 of awesomeness was the Irish coffee macaron. I actually ate this a few days after buying it, but it still tasted like it was fresh. The macaron has as good of a texture as the top macaron shops that I have tried in Seattle. But I found the filling to be the standout in this treat.My favorite of the three was the brownie. Yes, the brownie was incredibly moist which is a prerequisite requirement. But the chocolate mousse is what makes this arguably the best brownie that I have had. I would eat this over getting a piece of cake from somewhere. It is that decadent.Having tried these desserts, it makes me want to try the breakfast pastries here. It is seriously making me consider my reluctance about waking up early and waiting in line to try them. Maybe in the spring though as I am not a fan of cold weather. Based on the items I tried, it seems Crumble & Flake is destined to become one of my favorite bakeries in Seattle.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,4/24/2013,615,1175,10,13,14>My boyfriend surprised me with dinner here for my birthday last week and I had the most amazing time!We had an 8pm reservation arranged and we were seated a few minutes after we arrived.  We were seated in the section taken care of by Maik, our wonderful server for the evening.  It was a great rounded booth, which was perfect for sitting close to my boyfriend (and for sneaking bites off food of his plate!).  The ambiance was incredibly romantic and classy - dim lighting, a live piano player, great decor, even a cigar room!  You just feel so...cool and cozy sitting in the gorgeous dining room.  The place has a fantastic vibe.The service was stellar.  Part of this may have been due to the fact that we knew our server personally (he is a friend and neighbor of my boyfriend and he helped make the reservation for my big birthday surprise), but we had several other servers help throughout the night as well and each and every one of them proved that the service is impeccable here.  Now, onto the food!  Oh, the glorious food!  I started with a glass of Pinot Gris, which was very good.  The bread they bring out ahead of time is very flavorful and fluffy.  Kind of reminded me of a very fancy French bread.  My boyfriend and I also split the Tableside Caesar Salad for Two.  It was a really cool experience to watch our server make the salad fresh at the table - Maik explained all of the ingredients in the dressing and salad and what he was doing to create it.  It was extremely impressive.  The experience was only enhanced when I took a bite of the salad and found it to be, hands down, the best Caesar salad I have ever had.  So fresh and delicious!  I highly recommend you get this immediately upon sitting down.Then came the entrees!  I am not really a steak person, but El Gaucho has so many options to choose from that I wasn't worried.  I decided to go with a series of small plates that would basically combine into one huge entree.  I chose the Diver Sea Scallops appetizer, the Pancetta Wrapped Prawns appetizer, and the side of Crimini and Shiitake Risotto.  My favorite out of all of these was the Pancetta Wrapped Prawns.  They had some sort of a pesto sauce on them that was so incredibly delicious.  The scallops were also very good - cooked just right with a lemon beurre blanc.  I also enjoyed the risotto, although it was a bit heavy and the portion size was far more than I was expecting!  I carried most of it home as leftovers.My boyfriend had the Steak El Gaucho, which I tried a bite of and found to be quite delicious even though I am not a big fan of red meat.  He also gave me a bite of the lobster medallions that accompanied the steak and it was so good - I guess I finally know what expensive, delicious lobster tastes like!  Haha!  We also split a couple of extra sides - the Roasted Sweet Corn (the chipotle honey butter on this is divine!) and the Scalloped Potatoes.  Get the Sweet Corn and you will NOT regret it.  It is even good as leftovers the next day.  After that incredibly filling meal, we were brought an after dinner platter of fruit, nuts, crackers, and cheese.  I had a few bites of a combination of pear, blue cheese, and dates recommended by Maik.  It was delicious but I was reaching maximum capacity at this point and I had to save room for dessert!I am a sucker for creme brulee, so when I saw Burnt Cream on the dessert menu I knew I had to get it.  It was brought over with a lit birthday candle - so nice!  I made my wish and dug right in.  It was some of the best Burnt Cream I have ever had.  The caramelized top was done just right and the custard underneath was warm (!) and so flavorful.  The bill, of course, did a bit of damage on my boyfriend's wallet (be prepared - the prices here are quite extravagant), but we both agreed the price was absolutely worth it for our meal.  It was delicious, romantic, oh so fancy, and fun, too!  Overall, this was one of the best meals I have ever had.  I was blown away at the food, the ambiance, the service, heck - everything!  I would absolutely love to come back here to enjoy another meal.  I am already dreaming of the next big celebratory event that might bring us back here soon...and I'd better figure out what that is so I can come back ASAP!5 stars, easily.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,4/23/2013,468,742,7,18,13>If you have never tried Filipino food, this is a great place to start!What's unique about Isla Manila, compared to other Filipino restaurants, is that they serve their food dim sum style. Its great because you can sample various small plates, as oppose to ordering a large plate of food. It's great that you can try several things and it will cost you less than $20 with tip.Stand out dishes for me are their lumpia, caldereta, kare kare, and lechon manok (barbecue chicken). If you're dining with a big group, make sure you get several orders of the lechon manok since there's only one piece of chicken per serving. I also had a small bowl of sinigang, which barely had any meat in it but the broth was fine.Service is very friendly and they make you feel at home. Sometimes the food comes out slow since they cook in small batches to keep everything fresh.Besides that, I'll be returning since it's also close to my place and the fact that they serve Red Horse beer. ;)
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2005,9/5/2005,1,4,,1,>Seriously the best burgers I have ever had! You have to go to this place if you are ever in the Seattle area, the one I went to was near Greenlake on Phinney way, but the best milkshakes ever! I LOVE this place!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2005,9/4/2005,39,131,,,>I have to applaud the hell out of these people! This year my close friend, Katrin and I donated our feet and our time in the fight against breast cancer. At the end of July we walked 60 miles to find a cure for breast cancer. I walked so that someday my daughter could live in a world free of breast cancer. I hope she never has to fear it......for details on next years walk.....the3day.org
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2005,9/3/2005,0,11,1,,>The first time I made it to the Slip, the service was great, the place wasn't crowded, and the food was superb. Subsequently, the only constant has been their food. The Slip is situated near the water, offering an amazing view during the summer. It's a potentially romantic dinner site. Their burgers are awesome and the food overall is very reliable. But as far as the service goes, that is what is keeping them at three stars over four starts, in my book. I feel like I'm in the twilight zone with the servers there. They'll look at you and make you believe that food is coming soon, but it's all a facade. And I got fooled too many times before I realized that. True, the restaurant has a small kitchen and it's no one's fault that food arrives at the table after an hour. But if you're not in the mood to be irritated and entertained by deliberately slow service, don't bother. If you have a little tolerance and just want reliably good food, go for it.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2005,9/2/2005,3,82,,1,>This place is really nice, but really crowded, too.  There are attendants everywhere cleaning after you.  You totally feel pampered and relaxed.  A good thing is that they have a separate "family" locker room, so you don't have to face kids running around and screaming.  They also have a separate "family" pool.  I would assume most members are corporate members.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2005,9/1/2005,16,379,,,>Glo's has been on Capitol Hill forever and PACKS in the morning crowds.  Why are those breakfast joints ALWAYS soo hot?  Anyways, if you're patient, head there and wait for a table (tiny spot) - you'll most likely decide to go back.  Probably not so kid friendly as they are far less patient.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2005,8/31/2005,16,33,,1,1>Thenos is the best place for ice cream ever. Not only is their ice cream the best they have a huge plastic cow out front that you can sit on. They have the most random flavors that are so delicious. They have seasonal flavors as well like Egg Nog which sounds gross but its good, Pumpkin it tastes like pumpkin pie but its good especially mixed with egg nog, cantalope its so refreshing on a hot summer day. My favorite flavors include Fudge Cheesecake, Chocolate peanut butter swirl and Cotton Candy. Stop on in sometime!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2005,8/30/2005,1,58,,1,>Pizza Brava is dear to me, but not because I used to work there. The ramshackle slicery boasts some of the best pizza in Seattle; better than Pagliacci's, I would even claim. Pizza Brava is well known for it's gigantic slices (all from $2.20-$2.70) with chewy thin crust, robust, zesty and almost spicy red sauce and abundance of toppings. As a behind-the-counter-girl, I found that the plain cheese, hawaiin and house slices sold quite well, and the more exotic pizzas, such as the Spinach and Feta or the Veggie and Feta went to a more loyal clientele. I personally LOVE the cheese here and have found no better spinach pizza anywhere else. Have a breadstick as well ($1.00/1 with sauce) and rush off to class, or to work. You are bound to come back for more.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,8/29/2005,8,5,,2,1>As far as I'm concerned, I really enjoy this theater.  Apparently, it was built in 1915 as a masonic temple, but has been redone since then.  I've heard that the sound quality isn't that great, but what would I know?  I certainly do not have an expert ear for those things.  I've been to the Egyptian to see foreign films and they seem to play "lesser-known" films, but at the moment, they are showing "March of the Penguins".  As for price, I can't help, someone else has always paid for me.  So keep a look-out for what is playing here.  It's a marvelous experience.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2005,8/28/2005,317,792,,1,1>Class acts, beautiful digs, great acoustics, it deserves its spot in the list of top jazz clubs in the country, but I have to admit I miss the small dark days of the little INTIMATE club on the Ave. It's where I discovered jazz and maybe it's like your first kiss. Always the best. Regardless, if you like good jazz or want to find out WHY people like jazz, go here. Listen, learn, love.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2005,8/28/2005,90,0,1,,>This vintage goodie is like Seattle's version of San Francisco's Wasteland, but not as expensive and snotty. I took my Internet boyfriend Erik here to try and change his drab yuppie khaki wardrobe. When we came out, he looked like Jonathan Silverman meets the Beastie Boys. Hot Hot HOT!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2007,1/23/2007,13,50,3,6,4>Excellent.  On a snow-ridden Sunday afternoon I drove to Queen Annes.  Wendy:  i'd like a big pot of darjeeling Server-1: (hesitate)Wendy:  4 to 6 normal cups?Server-1: (hesitate) 36 oz?Server-2: Would this pot be the right size (holding up an ideal size pot)Wendy: Yes please!Server-2:  there's only the one seat available,  we'll bring it over to youWendy: that's wonderful, could I have a jug of milk tooServer-2: what typeWendy: 2%Server-2: we'll bring it over to youThe teapot arrived with timer to enable me to judge the brew effectively,  tea-cosey to ensure the tea didn't get cold, dish to place the removed tea-leaves to preventing stewing,  spoon to stir in my dash of milk.  Excellent attention to detail,  fabulous smooth sympathetic service.  I was really impressed.  So why haven't I given the servie the full five stars?  The venue is small with the counter at the back of the shop.  It's a popular shop,  people are constantly coming in and leaving.  On this snow-ridden January day the shop door opened every 2 or 3 minutes.  Everytime a customer opened the door the fast freezing finger of January snow twisted around my thighs and tweaked my ears.  It is impossible to relax and enjoy your tea when these freezing fingers are regularly poking your thighs, ears, and not-insubstantial nose, breaking the serene atmosphere that should surround the taking of tea.Try it,  but don't expect to get a seat or be uninterrupted by other customers.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2006,1/22/2007,317,792,5,7,6>There's a tiny strip of a building in Meadowbrook, in the middle of urban nowhere, that holds Santorini Pizza & Pasta, which has been in business forever and is always packed, and two other units that change ownership on a regular basis. I noticed a new espresso shop today, and of course couldn't resist checking it out. "Are you new here?" I asked as I walked in. "I haven't seen this place before." "We've been here about 7 months."Oh. So much for my powers of observation. Considering that the place used to be a convenience store and then a pharmacy, they've done a good job of "cutesifying" the rectangular space. There's a small electric fireplace, games, books, art on the walls. They had croissants the size of small loaves of bread, dinner plate sized chocolate dipped cookies, and a large tray of doughnuts, but it was the soy latte that blew me away. Rich and smooth, with lots of light and lovely foam. I forgot to check the espresso brand, but a sign on the front door touts their coffee as organic, shade grown and fair trade. The hat trick of espresso. Works for me. I probably won't ever hang out here, and at 10 am on a Saturday morning no one else was either, but I'll certainly drop by again for a latte to go. They're friendly, fast, and have plenty of parking. I hope this location is sustainable, but I have my doubts. Since they're next door to two schools, I'm hoping they'll manage to stay in business by catering to the caffeinated teenage crowd, because god knows they're not hyper enough as it is.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2006,1/21/2007,74,138,9,6,8>Nobody puts Burgermaster in a corner.I will love this place till the day I die. First of all: there ain't nuttin' that can't be made better with a trip to Burgermaster. This is pretty much law in my family. Which could have something to do with my "food issues" but that's beside the point.First food I had to eat straight from the airport after 3 months in europe. That's right: A big, ole, proper, baconmaster. *Sigh*, if only I could turn back time, and have been a customer during it's hay-day...still, I think Burgermaster is about to experience a huge comeback! People can't deny it, the burgers are classic. Also should be noted that the onion rings are ga-hood. And they have the good ice. They put good "goop" on their burgers too. If you don't like cheeseburgers they have a variety of other fried deliciousness to offer as well. I know everyone raves about Red Mill. Really? I guess if you like your burger patties rubbery and grey, with a crusty bun, then sure. But if you are a true burger connoisseur, you go to the MASTER.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2006,1/20/2007,104,107,6,4,3>This place allows you to do beginner drop-in sessions before you purchase a package.  If you feel that you are not as flexible as you thought, then $12 is all you have to sink in.  The trainer was very thorough with her instructions and made sure that the people with physical limitations (lower back pains and such) didn't injure themselves.   She also didn't try to kill us with crazy pretzel moves, which is always a plus.  Pilates is a great way to strengthen, tone, and balance your body.  It is also recommended as a supplement to your regular workout.  A supplement???As I exit the center proud of my coordinated breathing and stretching techniques, I'm greeted by the aroma of steaks coming from Beck's.  Is it wrong to want to eat an entire piece steak after you have just strengthened your 'power house'?
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2006,1/19/2007,63,128,5,11,3>I have to mention (like I always do, in band camp-esque mind numbing repetition) that I am from Phoenix, Arizona. And that is near...you guessed it. Mexico. In high school and college the late night eats were found in the central city "authentic" joints where you placed your order in Spanish. So, that's what I'm used to.Now I live in Seattle. I spent the first year and a half scouring the city for authenticity in Mexican food. Something spicy. Fresh guacamole. Street-style carne asada tacos. And folks, it's all here at Oaxaca with an extra added feature...ambiance.Now don't you dare go there...I want to be able to get a seat a few times a week without you people making me wait!EDIT: I saw that someone below said that Oaxaca is expensive. WTF? What did they order? My boyfriend and I routinely get out of there for $15 before tip!! Both of our entrees are $5 and we get sodas. I guess if you drink a lot of margaritas the bill would be high, but otherwise this is one of the best, most inexpensive meals in Seattle. I promise!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2006,1/18/2007,21,17,5,3,3>We were screaming and yelling, then sitting in pools of beer and dreamy awe.  We went to the Stranger's election results party last night at Spitfire and three of us crammed into one of the red leather/plether sofas watching the glorious results, praise be to CNN, on the HUGE HUGE screen. It was damn crowded, with a long line out the door when we left. So I'm not sure what the place is really like, but under mid-week stressful crowd conditions:1) Chop Salad -- pretty good but not spectacular, served in a boat shaped plate, which is good for balancing on your lap on a cushy couch while jumping up and down yelling "Take that Santorum!"2) Cookie and icecream dessert -- really really yummy, barely baked chocolate chip cookie with two big scoops of icecream. Almost as sweet and delcious as taking back the U.S. House.3) Service -- Not great because Spitfire didn't bring in extra servers for the crowd. When we did get a server, he was very nice and accomodating to our special requests yelled over the crowd's cheers.4) Drinks -- I finally got to taste Maria Cantwell.  She's citrusy, cold, and blue, served in a martini tumbler. I'll go back for a lower key event, say the Super Bowl maybe.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2007,1/17/2007,89,301,2,9,6>I took my wife here for her birthday - it was a great dining experience from the tour of the farm, the sampling of fresh herbs, the cute composting pigs, the wine cellar hallways, history of the little cottage, and I haven't gotten to the food yet.We enjoyed the Basil themed menu - nine courses all built around a little green leaf.  And it was incredible.  Wine was paired with each course (free flowing wine, for those that aren't driving) and was exquisite.  The sommelier and chef would discuss each course before serving.  Everything was grown fresh or locally produced.We were lucky enough to sit at a table with a view of the kitchen; we could watch the final plating of each course.  I love watching the care that goes into each plate and I try to learn something about presentation whenever I eat out.Nine courses is a lot and takes a long time to get through.  We were seated at 7 and finished up just before 11!  There is a neighboring lodge at which you can stay, but we live close enough that we drove home (I enjoy driving almost more than wine).I ended up buying both of the chef's cookbooks.  If I can make one thing half as good as they can, it'll be a success.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2006,1/16/2007,29,17,6,7,5>Maybe the customer is NOT always right. I know more than a few unfortunate souls who failed to check their control issues at the door and consequently had a difficult time at Elemental. My humble advice: Just let Phred drive and everything will go swimmingly. He and Laurie KNOW what they're doing. Relax, smile and don't mistake their deep seated passion, expertise and confidence for arrogance.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2006,1/15/2007,0,0,,,>thumbs up-very nice there and a shout out to heather b. for her great cuts and her passion for organic cheese puffs-YUM! I couldn't decide where to go with all the good reviews, but I have wanted to try Derby ~so thanks to Yelpers you pushed me over the edge, and I liked it~ i liked it alot-
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2006,1/14/2007,98,242,10,9,5>Great decor and decent prices.  This place has a solid collection of Sake (which you'd hope for given the name) and other liquors.  The food isn't bad and is decently priced.  They also have a very friendly happy hour schedule of 4-6 every day for the whole restaurant and 4-8 everyday in the bar area.  Happy hour has some good rolls, discounted Japanese beers ($3) and a few asian fushion-ish appetizers that make this a great place to hang out a eat cheap.On a whole its a great belltown option if you're looking for some place to relax and hang out without all the fuss of a bar or a club.One minor note, be careful on the benches as the space between the boards can cause some splinters (which I will be pulling out as soon as I finish this review).
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2006,10/17/2006,14,174,1,6,2>I don't give a lot of things 5 stars. In fact, I give very very few things 5 stars, but when I do, you get a long review. Sorry. This grocery store rates a 5 with me because they cover my basic needs as a customer, and then consistently go above and beyond what I expect.Freshest food possible (all fish is Sashimi grade-1) and tasty to boot. The prepared foods are good I've heard but I don't really go that route. I have bought lunch there though- $8.99 meal deal that is filling and yummy (Pot roast, carrots, mashed potatoes, cauliflower au gratin mmm). Quality products aren't cheap-if you want cheap go to Food4Less and get discounted stale crackers man.Their 365 Brand is darn cheap too, comparable to Trader Joe's generic brand but natural and just as good as the expensive stuff. Their specialty area is just that-special. Prices are a bit high but it's for the rare and unique items anyway, not normal fare.The staff is incredibly knowledgable and genuinely nice. Whenever I have a question about a product they answer it, and I don't mean "is this good" "yes it is" type stuff. I mean, I've asked them where something is made and I received an entire rundown from where the wheat was grown to how the bread was baked and then transported type answer. I actually know quite a bit about this company-the profits do not go to Texas but to the employees & community. My friend works at Whole and I happen to know that nobody (not even the lowest of the low) gets paid less than $10/hr and everybody gets gainsharing & benefits. Really really good benefits. They consistently donate 5% of their profits to the community in which they reside and donate time and energy to cleaning up the environment at a city level. So stick that in your hippy pipe and smoke it.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2006,10/16/2006,40,156,1,4,2>Che Argento is a new Greenwood restaurant which focuses on Argentinian cuisine. As a vegetarian, I was stunned to find I could find something to eat. We went for an "authentic Argentianian" pizza with a slice of faina. The Faina was interesting and made of chickpea.They don't have a liquor license yet, so be warned. I was hoping to have some charming mate out of a gourd, but instead got a snapple type bottle and a plastic straw! Like Olive You, Che Argento has a mix of elegance and plasticana.We went with a meat eater, who said the dish was very good. The sauce did look nice.All in all, we will definitely be going back ( one the liquor license is secured ).
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2006,10/14/2006,33,87,10,5,5>HELLO, FELLOW YELPLINGS!Today, we have the Story of the Jade Monkey.  This a story with a simple plot (EAT THE FOOD) with only one character (ME).  As luck would have it, the character (ME) gets what he wants (EAT THE FOOD).  Even better the food is great.  But, it doesn't end there.  Oh, no.  It certainly does not.  It goes on.  It goes on in the next paragraph; a paragraph which startsNow, the Jade Monkey has a story to tell and it is a very important story, one which teaches a lesson that not only should all of us know but other restaurants should know as well.  The Jade Monkey says:  'You should be able to taste the individual parts of the food.'  Take, for example, some Mexican food which tastes, well, like Mexican food.  You can't really tell what you're eating except that all of it, together, tastes like Mexican food.  This happens with a lot of ethnic foods but not with the Jade Monkey.  No, sir.  Now, I'm winded with excitement just thinking about the leftovers that I will eat for lunch in a few hours.  Let's take a five minute break, walk away from our computers, then come back for another paragraph, shall we? Okay, back to the story of the Jade Monkey:  I ordered some shrimp in black bean sauce, vegetable chow mein, and two egg rolls.  The food is very light-tasting.  It isn't drenched in sauce or grease yet it still has great flavor.  And, the best part is that, even in the chow mein, which normally gets that uniform Chinese food taste, you can taste the individual ingredients:  broccoli, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, twinkies... okay, there were no twinkies in there but, if there were, you'd surely taste them, I promise.  The shrimp in black bean sauce was absolutely fantastic, too.  Again, each participant in this ballet of delicious Chinese food was Chinese, food, and delicious.  It was also all really, really fresh.  The vegetables were crisp and the opposite of soggy AT THE SAME TIME!!!!!!!!!!!! Now, I must warn you:  the food is a little more expensive than other Chinese places, such as Moon Temple, but those extra couple of bucks per plate are probably all about the freshness and quality of the ingredients.  Furthermore, they deliver at lunch time which makes me rejoice like a rejoicing man with something great to rejoice about.  If you know what I mean.  Okay, that sounds kind of dirty.  Let's not think about that.  Let's go to a new paragraph instead.Wait, ran out of things to write about.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2006,10/13/2006,35,53,7,5,6>We had a terrible accident at Red Mill when my boyfriend got so bored standing in line that he (accidentally) said "I got your special sauce right here, baby" to nobody in particular.  And that was the high point of the experience. The food was fine, the banana-chocolate shake was sublime, and their fries were passable (though, their onion rings were sorta...gritty.)Still, Red Mill just needs to admit it's a greasy spoon, get some fast food attitude, and resolve to serve customers promptly. That whole golly-gee-a-line-out-the-door-again? schtick is just silly. If you make me stand in line for more than 1/2 hour, there better be something rare or illegal at the other end -- and as far as I could tell, Red Mill's burger's aren't worthy of either distinction.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2006,10/12/2006,48,82,,7,5>This is a must see.I saw this in NY last November, and for an exhibition on the systems of the human body, it is displayed in artistic ways that are ...amazing to say the least.It sounds gross, but it is really marvelous. Every which way you can cut em up, they are there, which changes how you look at them every time. And by the way, no cases surrounding them, you can inch up as close as you want and examine every hair. They even have stuff you can touch at the end. I won't say any more to spoil the surprise, but if you don't go, you'll have missed out.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,10/11/2006,221,213,7,6,5>Bartell's is awesome! I can't be the only who thinks so, though I don't think anyone ever believes me when I say Bartell's has a super AWESOME candy section! They really do! I'm not what you'd call a candyholic, but I have my moments, and when I do, I like to be near any Bartell's drugstore. Seriously, the only other time I've seen a better candy selection is when I'm shopping in Canada. I don't know why Canada seems to have better candy, maybe it's just because it's different than what I'm used to. And this Bartell's is the best because it's open 24 hours! I utilized that service once when I was with an ex-boyfriend who needed a prescription filled on a Sunday night. There are a million better things to be doing at 8pm on a Sunday night, but when you're in pain and need drugs, this is the place to be, dude. The staff here is always really nice and helpful. I'm the kind of person who will just go to a drugstore to kill time. I like to look at makeup, then I start wandering. They'll always ask if I need help or assistance in finding something. They have a great selection of "stuff", the kinda stuff you really don't need but you want because it looks really neat there at the drugstore. Also, they are super patient and the best when it comes to ditsy customers. Case in point, I show up at the Metro counter with a bunch of transit coupons from my work and say something like "I want to buy some tickets" and precede to hand over a handful of coupons. The cashier I'm sure is thinking "Great, another crack or Ritalin junkie" because I'm seriously acting like a dork. Really, I'd just gotten off work and my brain was all cloudy with work and I was having a hard time, but the cashier counted out my coupons for me to see (apparently I was having difficulty doing that, too) and telling me what I could get with that amount of coupons. The cashier was really nice and didn't make me feel any dumber than I already did. I left happy with the service.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2006,10/10/2006,120,419,2,4,5>I miss my green-clad corporate coffee-slinging overlords, but this is a nice shop. It's filled with a totally different crowd than the Starbucks crowds. The girls behind the counter were not exactly friendly, but not rude either. I've had better treatment at Dilettante mocha bars.  They get an extra star for the hipness of the environment.Whenever I try some place new I always get an americano so I can taste the coffee, not the milk. It's OK here. A bit acidic, but not to the level of a Kenyan coffee. It lacks overall body and richness of other local blends.Also, I don't like the no credit card policy unless you spend more than $3. Yes... it speeds the line along and increases your profits, but I don't care about your profits and who wants to hurry when they are getting coffee? The whole point is to stand in line, chat, and enjoy the scene.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2006,10/9/2006,222,363,4,9,7>Oh La Palma, you're really too good to me. What with your damn fine, yet simple margaritas and the best Arroz Con Pollo I've ever had, how can I not come here once ever other week for the past 10 years?I can't.The tri-level interior is cooky but easily manageable. The large picture of the Lady of Guadalupe over the kitchen pass out window is just the right touch to remind me of Arizona. The child loves the large parrot figures hanging from the cieling and the 50 cent machines full of silly and useless toys. Oh and their crisp beef tacos with extra sour cream (who ever heard of a 6 year old liking sour cream?)The Camarones ala Diabla are beautifully spicy and tasty. The Chicken Flautas (I get 'em w/o the sauce) are very crispy and tasty. The #12 is my fave combo with the Chili Relleno (oh so friggin' yummy), tostada and enchilada, no rice or beans with this one but really you don't need it. Speaking of their rice and beans, nice and light with mild flavoring so as not to out do the main part of the entree.And cheese. LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS ... AND LOTS of cheese. Cheese? Yes please!And to finish it off, the guys working here are so friendly it's a crime.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2006,10/8/2006,44,119,9,9,5>I've been going through a serious pedicure phase as of late.  The problem with this is that I'm too cheap to go to one of those fancy spas on any kind of regular basis...  hence my venturing into the sketchy looking but enticingly cheap Diamond Nails.  YAY!I know, I know.  I have seen those news stories on these kinds of places...  the kind where they interview women who've developed mysterious rashes or blood infections and have been scarred for life after getting unsanitary pedicures...  but bravely, I pressed on (my feet were in desperate need of attention!).  Before my friend Kira and I even sat down, I was happy to see that the owner/manager of the salon immediately cleaned out/sanitized the foot baths as soon as a customer got out of the chair (I know, that doesn't mean that the rest of the equipment is properly sanitized, but I chose to believe it was.).  Speaking of the chair...  they have lovely massage chairs all lined up on two walls.  Maybe ten or twelve of them total...  not sure, since I was too busy playing with the controls on mine to pay that much attention.The pedicure was pretty straight forward/no nonsense, and I was feeling rather pleased with myself, but then...  unanticipated magic!!!  One of the best foot massages I've ever had!  These ladies are good.  Normally, I'm a bit ticklish, but this just felt so wonderful!  I want to go every weekend!I wound up getting a French Pedicure which was an additional three dollars on top of the fifteen for a standard polish job.  Not the best paint job, but not the worst by any means.  Perfectly acceptable actually....  unless someone's going to be inspecting your toes closely (not a problem I currently face).  I give Diamond Nails four stars for the satisfaction to cost ratio(you can't really beat $15 for a pedi)...  hell, the foot/leg massage alone was worth it!  Plus, I've discovered that this is an excellent place to eavesdrop on some fascinating/disturbing conversations....  the things girls talk about.  Shocking!!!  Good times!  And NO creepy rashes or scary flesh eating virus!...  BONUS!   I'll be back, oh yes I will!PS- The ladies are so sweet there...  don't forget to tip them!  :-)
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2006,10/7/2006,6,14,7,30,7>THIS is the place to go, if you love getting a good deal (read: cheapskate) on appliances like I do.At the risk of sounding like an 97 year old curmudgeon, let's face it -- things don't seem to last nearly as long as they used to. I see 30 year old toasters at the Goodwill that still work perfectly fine, yet I recently had to throw out a 2 (!!) year old toaster (brushed aluminum, replete with Eggo/bagel/reheat buttons). The Appliance Recycling Outlet (a big garage/warehouse right across from Harvey Airfield) will take your old appliances (they will do pick-up/delivery, too), and cut you a sweet deal on a used-but-refurbished appliance -- they tend to last longer than "new" appliances, in my experience.  They'll also repair your existing appliances for a good price, too.They've got a vast selection of appliances to choose from, so if you're looking for a specific color/style/brand, odds are you'll find something you'll like.  If not, they'll probably have one within a week.Thus far, we've "recycled" our dishwasher, washer & dryer, and kitchen range from these guys.  The owner can be a little cocky at times, but whatever -- we replaced ALL of our aforementioned appliances for what it would have cost to buy just ONE of those items new.  As I type this review, we're in dire need of a new refrigerator.  You can bet I'm going to the Appliance Recycling outlet for our "new" one.Yay for us cheapskates.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,2/4/2012,290,767,6,7,8>Manchester State Park is kind of tucked away back in Port Orchard.   It's down a side road that you could easily miss if you're not paying attention to the directions.  There is a farm on the corner which has camels.  That's right, there are CAMELS in PORT ORCHARD!  How cool is that!?!  Ok, maybe I get too excited and it's not really part of the park, but it's awesome.I have never been in the camping areas, so I can't really comment on those, except for the fact they exist.The main area of the park has some old buildings along it, which are pretty cool.  If you walk back a bit too you can find an old fort.  There are lots of picnic benches and BBQ areas here.  They have bathrooms and a few different hiking trials.  The park is situated right on the water front so you can get some great views and enjoy one of the many rocky beaches in WA.  I've been here a few times, but on the first kind of sunny day of 2011 the park wasn't too crowded which was nice.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,2/2/2012,261,212,16,18,17>I've been eating at buffets less and less over the past year, so I'm not really too much into them anymore.  However, Mizuki is a great buffet.  So far, this is my favorite Asian buffet in the Seattle area and neighboring cities.  I usually make the lunch buffet during the week and this place is always packed.  Go ahead....ask me why.  Here, I'll do it for you and reply.  You: "Nerick, why is this place always packed?"  Me: "Why?  Well, I'll tell you why......because it's just awesome!  Because it's packed with tons of so many different dishes that you'll probably get full before you can sample all of them.  Because you'll get full and cry just by looking at the many different kinds of sushi art that's waiting to get placed on your plate and devoured with sheer contentment."OK, maybe I wouldn't go all dramatic like that, but you get the point.  Mizuki is awesome.  I like this place better than Grand Buffet, Bluefin, and Todai.....all really good Asian buffets too.  It could account for the fact that the restaurant is also pretty nice for a buffet place.  The decor and dining furniture are all pretty nice.  The presentation at the dessert and sushi stations is very aesthetically pleasing.  For buffet beginners or those not so knowledgeable in the fine art of buffet eating, let me break it down for you.  For your first plate, get just a small taste of every dish on your plate, just so you can weed out the good from the bad.  On your second plate, load up on the good meats/seafood/side dishes.  The third plate reserve for sushi only.  Cleanse the palate with the pickled ginger and actually taste the deliciousness of seaweed meets sushi rice meets raw whatever.  On your final plate, hit up the dessert bar like there's no tomorrow, boys and girls.  You eyeing that green tea ice cream?  Dammit, grab a scoop and go at it!  It's a buffet.....be a pig!!  Anyway, Mizuki is a great buffet, so be sure to head on over there.  I'm ghost.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,2/1/2012,154,223,15,17,17>I've been to Helle and back, and I'll be back!I stopped by here for a wax in a particularly sensitive area.  Le ouch.  If you've ever had a wax done before, you know this is no picnic.  But, to Danielle's credit, I can honestly say that this wax was the least painful I've ever had.  Don't get me wrong, it still hurt.  But the lidocaine did help a bit.  I've never had a waxing studio offer such a thing.  Oh the things us women endure.  Let's face it folks, If looks could kill, the ceilings in waxing studios would spontaneously combust on an hourly basis.First of all, she recommended taking an ibuprofen 1 hour before the appointment time.  I happily complied with a prescription strength one that I had sitting around (800 mg).  Also, she uses lidocaine to numb the treatment area.  I felt it was very merciful, and believe me, every bit of mercy is appreciated when it comes to this sort of thing.The method of application she uses is a little bit different than most waxes you've probably had before.  She uses a "hard wax" treatment which basically means she is peeling away at the wax itself vs. using muslin strips.  It's a blue colored wax.  You'll look Smurfurific!  Temporarily of course...  Since it's not that syrupy sticky like your run of the mill wax, the wax mostly adheres to the hair and dead skin, so there is less chance for irritation and ingrown hairs.  Being an experienced waxee, I also applied some of the Clean and Clear blackhead clearing scrub with salicylic acid when I got home.  Danielle said she does also approve of this as a post-wax treatment to try to avoid ingrown hairs.All in all, she did a great job, the price was fair, she was very personable, and I even got a free pair of Helle branded panties.  Sure, you might be able to find a cheaper wax elsewhere, but when it comes to this sort of thing, TRUST ME you do NOT want to cheap out and run the risk of getting a bad wax.  Been there, done that, and I will be spending my future waxing funds at Helle.As of posting this review, she has a 5 star average rating, and I think it is very well deserved.  It is pretty rare to hold such a high rating with 70+ reviews, but when it happens, it's because there is something really good about a business.  All around, great job, Helle!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,1/31/2012,506,1620,9,13,14>Holy crap! What an awesome surprise! It was late Sunday night, just got off work, I asked my uncle if he'd be down for a bite and drink then we popped in here...~4.5 means round up! We drove through and noticed this place seemed to be the only joint open down here. I wonder if they (neighbors) all discussed Sunday would be slow but one of them could be open for those that want a late Sunday nite fix? Either way, 'glad they were open!This is a neat and cool space with original art and a SWEET lookin' stacked helical gear art piece! The background music was hot. Felt like hip hop with a side order of smooth jazz---and just the right volume to hear, yet, not block out conversation. The stained tree-slice tables are awesome.Both of us had the only 2 burgers and with the kettle chips. They was good and saucy. The waiter dude was efficient, friendly and had fun humor---especially when we talked about the Brewery down the street where you can begin the Tour sober then walk out like--and I quote--"WooOooOooOO" a la squeaky PeeWee Herman voice! LOL.We tried 3 beer samples of something, something and something (sorry no recall). Rum and Coke was tasty (my "3rd" drink after Hard Cider and Seven & Seven, woot).And wtfudge, cheetos?Oh, and the slice of sweet potato pie was nice, if a bit too subtle.DDD
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,1/29/2012,528,376,9,14,13>Wow, I cannot believe that I've waited this long to try List.  List has a very sophisticated, young, classy-feel, which is EXACTLY my style. :-)  I love the ambiance and decor: the red chandeliers, almost wall-to-wall mirrors, intimate dining tables, fun black and white wallpaper in the hallway, candlelit, and it doesn't get overcrowded.    Their menu is nothing to complain about as everything looked delicious.  I tried the bacon-wrapped prawns and they were jumbo prawns with a hint of spice in the sauce.  It came over collard greens (or kale) with white beans.  Very elegantly presented, well-prepared, creative and only $7 for Happy Hour!  Amazing!  As I was sitting at the bar, I was able to see ALL of the food orders come out and everything looked delicious.  The calamari rings are no joke--they're huge and meaty.  hehe  The ahi tuna was a large portion per serving and was seared just perfectly.  Yuum!  I am definitely a fan of the simplicity of the ingredients, but the complex execution.  Love it!  And, I love that their menu stays the same for dinner and/or happy hour. Only the price changes!  List has a full-bar, but their wine list is the star.  I haven't tried any of their cocktails, but they look delicious!  The Happy Hour specials are pretty damn amazing:Hours: Sunday & Monday, all-dayTuesday-Thursday, 4:00-6:30pm and 9:00-midnightFriday & Saturday, 4:00-6:30pmHappy Hour Specials:All food (excluding featured dishes) are half price--AMAZING!Bottle of house white or red only $14Glass of house white or Red only $3.75All draft beer only $2.95Also, even if you're there for happy hour, they serve complimentary bread with this pesto oil sauce.  It's so delicious and you can get as much bread as you want!I had a great experience here and I would recommend it to anyone.  The bartender was fabulous and the servers very prompt and accommodating.  Please go and try List!!!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,1/28/2012,300,256,7,9,8>Food connoisseurs or quintessential bachelors/bachelorettes alike should pick up some Rain Shadow meatballs to elevate any home cooked italian meal. These toothsome delights are enormous, made of several types of ground meat, and gently coated with bread crumbs. You could plop them on top of some pasta or put them in a hoagie roll. I'm in love,And, surprisingly, they sell the best pretzel. Big as your fist, chewy on the inside, crackly exterior, and lightly salted. Who would have guessed??
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,1/27/2012,227,141,18,10,13>I could tell you about the tremendous collection of Chinese teas, which is great, but what I find even more intriguing is what takes place in the upper chambers of this tea gallery.Now, I'm not quite certain because I haven't mustered up the courage to try it myself, but there is something magical and mysterious happening up there in the guise of tea ceremonies.The last time I was in to make a purchase, I witnessed two women teetering down the tall winding steps in their high heeled shoes, as if unable to awaken from a dream. Their hearts spinning magical memories. I could see it in their eyes. One woman handed Zen Dog her card. The other asked how long they'd been there. The first looked at her watch and declared, "I can't believe it. We've been here for over 3 hours!" They looked sheepishly at each other. Zen Dog came back announcing that his machine was down and he couldn't get the information from the card. The first woman, still in a daze, happily told him he could just keep the card until his machine started working. What? Now it appeared that I might be the one off balance. Did she really just tell him to keep her card?? "Here just take my entire purse while you're at it. Want the keys to my car?"Zen Dog laughed innocently as he told her to keep her card. She could just call him with the information in the morning. The two ladies thanked him as they huddled together and shuffled out the door, leaving me face to face with the Zen.When people describe their time with a man as being enchanting, surreal and magical (read the reviews below), and devotedly offer their purses to him, it makes you think: Either he's the most congenial man on the planet, or he's slipping something green into the drinks upstairs. And I'm not talking about Oolong.I have to give it 5 stars for the extensive, tea/art collection and the sheer intrigue it produces. Will I ever enter into the upper chamber myself? I remain undecided, but still think about it now and zen.**that one was for you Tom! ;)
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,1/26/2012,109,235,10,9,6>It's Umi 2.0: cozier and sexier with a similar minimalist wood-heavy design, artisan paper lanterns, a beautiful courtyard garden and many familiar favorite rolls (bad boy, street fighter, casino royale, et cetera). If you've ever eaten at Umi (and what Seattle sushi whore hasn't?), then you know what you're in for.  It's consistently high quality fish, untraditional ingredient mash-ups like tuna-lime-jalapeno, and all beautifully plated.  I am really happy that Capitol Hill finally has one truly good sushi restaurant and that it's located in a relatively relaxed part of the neighborhood. Service was fantastic, the cocktails were strong, and the bathroom doors are not camouflaged into the walls! Also, the hamachi sashimi was orgasmic. Happy hour is similar to Umi's, which means I'll probably eat here every day until I get mercury poisoning. And die happy.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,1/25/2012,290,437,24,15,17>For a long time [at least six months!], I've wanted to own my own reflexology spa. I am waffling between "No Happy Endings" and "Cops Work Here," as far as the name of the establishment goes. If I ever find myself with enough money, I think I would buy out China Spa -- because they are awesome and I think either of my business' names could potentially look amazing adorning the Bellevue strip mall where CS is.They were able to accommodate three of us walking in with no problems and there were another three or so people getting their massages simultaneously. It vaguely reminded me of the scene in Rush Hour 2 but without the awkward short pastel robes and Jackie Chan fighting.We sat down and got straight to the fun/painful part -- the actual massage. I plopped my feet into a bucket o' hot water and was promptly pulled, prodded and slapped all over my person. Normally that isn't so much my kink, but when it's all about working the kinks out of my muscles, I am totally down. There were some points where I was honestly feeling sharp pain but after a second of my practitioner's hands/elbows/knees and a couple deep breaths I felt a good release of anxiety. It was very easy for him to find my more tender points -- first by jabbing them, then by easing around them until they became un-tender and eventually even felt pleasant.Hilariously, because I showed up at the same time as my two friends [of course] there was a lot of synchronized slapping going on -- as each practitioner worked in the same order and was on the same step it was hard to fight back our fits of laughter. In fact, all our masseuses shared smiles and laughs as we grimaced or giggledRight before I walked into China Spa my friend [who had been there before] gave me a warning... "they massage your butt... which is pretty cool." I didn't ask HOW they massage your butt... I was actually climbed on and had my butt rubbed with my masseuse's knees as he balanced on me. I was totally fine with that and actually thought it felt nice [after I got over the 'omg awkward!' stage] BUT if you are not emotionally prepared to be mounted you should probably note that you don't want your butt rubbed ahead of time. But I assure you, it feels good and you won't actually feel violated, just awkward.So no, China Spa will NOT give you a happy ending, unless you want to consider a whole lotta relaxed muscle a happy ending, which I do. I am looking forward to returning... $25/hr is totally a steal!
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,1/24/2012,221,439,12,14,9>For work or for leisure, Bluebird has never failed me.  I have studied hard here and have played hard.   They have free WIFI, espresso, and ice cream!  Those three combinations make studying SO much easier. In addition, they have great board game selections here!  Prior to coming here, I can't tell you when the last time I played Guess Who or Chutes & Ladder.  My favorite flavors in order:1. Snickerdoodle2. Chocolate Pudding (especially when it's fresh from the machine)3. PB&J4. Elysian Stout5. Vegan Mint Chocolate Chip Prices:  $3 for the first scoop and $1 for an additional scoop.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/6/2006,3/12/2006,615,688,3,1,1>Decent pizza when you are too lazy to travel for better.Eating in the restaurant is sort of a pain because it's a haven for tourists.  So you get slow service and lots of annoying banter.  But there is a reason people are sent here.  Some very interesting pizzas.I was adventurous and tried the Dragon Pizza and was disappointed.  Not really that tasty and just an odd combination of thai and italian.But I do love ordering online when I am too tipsy or too lazy to drive.  I love their pepperoni, mushroom and garlic.  And they are always fast and courteous.  Thumbs up for online ordering!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/6/2006,3/11/2006,57,179,1,2,1>Time will tell if Kim will travel the 30 feet from her desk to mine to rebuke me for my review, but I could have done without this place. The service was fine and the quality was acceptable, but the idea was so much more than the execution. We'll see how the leftovers fare...
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2006,3/9/2006,44,309,1,3,1>Good spot especially if you are from the UK and are lost....Bangers, Fish and Chips, etc. they have it all! I like their "Pasty's" ....NO, not that kind! they have beef or chicken in them, and WE would call them "pastry's" The restaurant is actually called "Neville's at The British Pantry" You will see many older tea sippers here with "proper" accents. This is a great spot for British products (Tea, jams,beer,etc.)within a deli that is adjacent to Neville's.  Check out their web site too....thebritishpantryltd.com
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2006,3/8/2006,317,792,1,2,2>Hundreds and hundreds of cheeses I've never heard of and can't pronounce, but that's ok because all you have to do here is point and they'll give you a free sample and then you can buy some, take it home and eat it all without really knowing what the hell it is. Yum. I knew I could get prosciutto here, but I didn't know there were so many kinds. All sorts of Italian gourmet foods here, it was really fun to plan an Italian meal on the fly just browsing the shelves. Yeah, they serve food here too, but I just grocery shop. Terrific wine selection here too. Can you have an Italian meal without wine? I think not.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2006,3/7/2006,0,0,1,2,1>Comfort food at a even more comfortable price is the story here. That is why it's popular.  That and the plethora of  fried foods: tonkatsu (breaded pork cutlet), kaarage (breaded boneless chicken) and nabe (cabbage soup). There are only two kinds of sushi on the menu: California roll and  battera only available at dinner.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2006,3/4/2006,52,101,6,16,10>This is a long story, but bear with me.I wanted a cute, spiky haircut that was not your every day A-line. A friend recommended Todd (who was then at Rudy's) and he gave me the best haircut of my life. Seriously. Over the next year, even though I was living in North Seattle, I made the extra trip up to Capitol Hill every month just for Todd. Unfortunately, Rudy's doesn't take appointments, so I'd either have to go before work or go on a Sunday and risk Todd not being there. This happened a lot, and eventually I ended up finding someone else to do my hair (see my review of Anna at Borseno's). Imagine my excitement when I found out that not only was Todd starting his own salon just down the street, he would still be cutting hair and they would take appointments, all for nearly the same price as Rudy's! For an extra $3 bucks I could reliably have Todd cut my hair, all without the noise and snottiness of Rudy's, and with the added benefit of a clean, stylish salon with local artists' work on the walls plus a big screen TV and a pool table.  And by this point I'd moved up to the Hill, so it was literally two blocks away.As the other reviewer said, not only is this the place to go to have your hair cut by people who do the hair of rock stars, it's a place to go to have your hair done BY a rock star. Todd is a rock star, and that's the best way to put. If that's not enough to convince you, my mom and my boyfriend both go to Todd religiously. So go! Go now! You will not regret it.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2006,3/3/2006,0,0,15,1,5>Yeah, yeah, I know, concentrated evil in a cup. Shut up about that for a minute. I actually hate Starbucks in general, but I have to give this one 5 stars for a few very good reasons:1. It's the original one. Normally this wouldn't matter, except that they have the original logo with the boobs on it. I didn't know it until I got here, but apparently I have a soft spot for old-style pornography in my coffee. Who knew?2. At other Starbucks, I am sometimes asked what name to put on my coffee. I always just say "Jon," because "Jonathan" gets misheard. The cashier at this Starbucks asked me whether to spell it "Jon" or "John." As one who is in the minority of Jo(h)n spellings, this makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I don't care if it doesn't apply to you. Shut up.3. The layout forces the cashier to toss the marked cups over to the barista, a la the fish tossers in nearby Pike Place Market. I like my coffee order-takers and -makers to generally have a modicum of hand-eye coordination. Well done.Sorry, didn't mean to make you drop your picket sign there. Here you go. As you were.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/29/2005,3/1/2006,48,239,,2,1>Their jumbalaya knocked my socks off.  Spice was high and flavor was...umm... present.  Other than that, my food wasn't spectacular and the waitstaff was average at best.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2006,2/28/2006,222,363,3,4,4>Display & Costume, a fave store of mine as I love decorations and costumes and lights, and also because I refuse to go and spend my hard earned money at that other place. You know the place!Display & Costume has lots of lights. Whatever my mood they have a set of lights for it. Bless their lil' displaced hearts. I was just there this past Saturday to acquire some new St. Patrick's Day decorations and it was successful. Though I had to peel my mom off the Department 56 Halloween displays (which rock always) and peel my kid away from the joke/gag products, however she did come away with Mood Lipstick so the wee demonspawn is happy for awhile.The customer service is lacking a lot here, and yes I'm a stickler for kickass customer service, but hey they leave you alone therefore I am compelled to touch anything and everything I want to. The girl that rang us out was either suffering from Mono, or battling a terrible hangover, nonetheless she still smiled at the end and thanked us for coming in. Works for me!
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2005,2/26/2006,0,0,,1,2>San Francisco's Ferry Building wishes it would be as awesome as the Pike Place Market.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,5/15/2010,224,247,10,15,14>I think this is the only place in the surrounding Seattle area that serves Authentic Guatemalan food. Located in Downtown Renton, WA you will find Chapinlandia Guatemalan Restaurant & Bakery.Everything on their menu looks tasty. I love to explore new tastes & hope to try all of it!! Guatemalan food is so Good!Unlike Mexican food, Guatemalan food is mild, using few spices. They have Salsa and Bottled green Picante sauce from Guatemala you can add for an additional kick. They create Tamales that are wrapped in banana leafs to plantains. The tortillas, made fresh in the restaurant, are thick as pita bread but dense and flavorful like tortillas.They make an enchilada, which looks nothing like the Mexican favorite. A salad of lettuce greens, cabbage and beats top a crisp corn tortilla and is then layered with shredded pork and a mild tomato sauce.The entree is finished with an egg slice and crumbled cheese, tasting more like a light salad than the saucy alternative.I like to drink the Jamaica juice, which tastes like a tropical cranberry while eating all this goodness! I usually grab one or two Sweet breads togo...with smiles out the door!  =)**I've added some pictures of the place & included are the 3 Tacos & Fried Sweet Plantains!I can't believe I forgot to write a review about this place! =D
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,5/14/2010,91,486,8,11,7>The four stars is sort of an average between the review of the food, and the review of the service. Food = 5 stars. I had a delicious cup (OK, three delicious cups) of coffee, served up in an Ohio mug--the best mug in the establishment, according to the waitress--and a cute little plate with sugar and cream in vintage dishes. Then I had the Bluedog's Special: eggs scrambled with cheddar cheese and veggies (you could choose bacon or sausage, but I wasn't in a pork sort of mood), fresh fruit, and a buttermilk pancake. I had to abandon my Rule of Halves, where I usually only eat half of what's on my plate, because that pancake was So! Dang! Good! The thing was at least 3/4 inch thick, shaped all wonky-like, with just a little crisp on the edges. I ate the whole thing. The eggs were good too, but I really did limit myself to half of those. The Boy had his standard bacon, eggs, and potatoes, but it was served up in a bowl like a breakfast shepherd's pie or something. That threw him off a bit at first, but in the end I think he liked it. So we were both members of the Clean Plate Club, definitely a good sign. Service = 3 stars. After we finished eating we sat there with our food comas, waiting for our check. And waited. And waited. It was odd, because up until then we'd had good service. The food had taken longer than usual to get there, but had been worth it. So it was strange when they didn't check on us to see if we were done. Finally, at least 10 or 15 minutes later, we decided to just go up to the counter to ask for our check and pay. Turns out that's what you were supposed to do all along. Now, I know that it's customary to pay at the register at lots of places, but don't they usually bring the check to your table first? Instead, they just had a menu sitting by the register and you told them what you had ordered. Which seems like bad practice, because we totally could have lied and said we'd had less than we did. (But we didn't, don't worry!)Oh yeah, then we noticed the sign that said "Bus your own table." Which, again, might be customary at a coffee shop, but I've never seen that before at a sit-down breakfast place. Make up your minds, Blue Dog! Which do you want to be?I don' t know, maybe it's our fault for not knowing the procedure. But if you ever go there, at least now you know what to do when you're done!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,5/13/2010,124,278,9,12,13>My date and I chose the "Potato Pizza" or as it is written on the menu the: yukon gold potato, rosemary, pecorino... pizza for $14 dollars. Doesn't that even sound foodie-licious?!?Matt and I thought it was amazing! Lots of dough. Soft warm potato slices. Salty. Tastes of rosemary and pecorino cheese. Yum!The pizza was enough for the two of us. I do believe we shared a salad beforehand and imbibed in some Manny's Pale Ale on tap. Beer with pizza? I think that's a must!!It was a great date with a wait that wasn't terribly long (perhaps twenty minutes or so). The bistro style tables that we sat at added to the fun, unique foodie pizza and bar style restaurant.Would definitely try Serious Pie again! If nothing else, I must return to try the clam pizza which seems to be all the rage!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,5/12/2010,254,164,21,21,21>Cash and smoke only. There's nothing like sitting on comfy couches with a bunch of friends and passing a hooka around. It's dark, and smokey, and fun, and intimate, and a great way to start your evening and pair off for the make-out party up the street.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,5/11/2010,104,135,12,20,14>I am only speaking to the Oysters in this review. I have been on a quest to find the holy grail of oyster heaven in Seattle, and they say Elliotts frequently rises to the top of the list. Guess what? "They" are right! But first off, I should say that this restaurant would probably get 4 stars from me otherwise. I had a crab phyllo dish that was way too greasy, and resembled something more of a fried fish fillet than a crab dish. Also, it was oddly textured -- kind of hard to cut on the sides with a fork, yet lubed and gooey in the middle. Flavor was only ok. Also, the Oyster "stew" comprises two (scrumptiously plump) oysters drenched in a cup of heated cream so heavy it would probably sink straight to the bottom of the sound if you dumped it off the pier -- just too rich, too much, and with nothing else in it to dilute it down a bit. My friend LOVED her fried oyster plate, so much so that she ordered another one. And yes, they were heavenly. Service was good, and the server gave GREAT oyster recommendations, but with only one guy handling the whole happy-hour bar, he could get slowed up at times. And the more we drank, the slower he got, for some reason. He also seemed to get just a tad annoyed by my friend's (ok, MY) special requests, but wasn't obvious about it, and did accommodate her (ok, MY) every whim. Considering how busy he was, overall service was a good experience -- and besides, it IS happy hour, and we WERE being particular, and she (ok, I) DID get just a tad bit lit on their decent drinks, and maybe even a tiny bit juvenile, so shame on me for expecting absolute perfection there, right? Well, ok, at least he deserved the good tip that he got. ENOUGH of the blathering -- let's get down to bidness... OYSTERS! The 20+ foot long oyster bar is the first thing you see when you walk into this restaurant, and for good reason... this is THE place to go if you like oysters on the half shell. Right now (in February) are over 36 varieties of oysters to choose from. Did you get that? THIRTY SIX varieties of fresher than fresh oysters, ranging from a mouthwatering load of both American and Canadian Pacifics, to European Flats, Eastern, Japanese Kumamotos, and the native varietal, Olympics. All I can say is SHUCKS, there's gone be some serious slurping going on down here! The happy hour here offers an interesting pricing scale for oysters (of their choosing), where the prices go up by 25 cents every half hour, starting with 50 cents per oyster at 3pm. Now that's a real steal for these quality oysters (today, they featured an excellent Dabob Bay Pacific oyster for happy hour), but you have to get there AT 3 (and before 3:30) to get that price.  By 4, they're $1 -- still a terrific deal. But at 5pm, the $2 per oyster, then at 5:30, the $2.50 per oyster is coming right up on regular price of $3 each, so no such a good deal then. Timing is everything. if you're looking for oysters on the half-(price) shell, arrive before 4:30pm. Are you on number overload yet?  Sorry if that's WAY to many numbers to process.  Just get there early, ok?On the day we ate, they were offering the Deep Bay Canadian Pacific as happy hour oysters. I had a tray of those, and they were very, VERY fresh. The texture was perfectly firm, with a heavy tank of a deep shell, that held a bunch of scrumptious juice along with a hearty oyster. The flavor was kind of middle of the road in my book -- not too sweet, not too briny, not too strong, but a bit on the heavy side. But overall, excellent oysters, to be sure. I also ordered the varietal plate of a dozen, for $30. We could get anything we wanted with this plate, but the waiter chose six (x2) from different categories so we could try the gambut, and he made excellent choices. Here's the run-down, in approximate order of like: Eagle Rock Baywater Sweet Totten Virginian South Sound Kumo Kusshi Stellar Bay Granted while these are in some approximate order of like, they were ALL GOOD, EXTREMELY FRESH, and GENEROUSLY ROBUST for their type. There was not one bad one in the bunch. The oysters here are accompanied simply, by a scoop of some kind of frozen champagne/salt mixture (?) that perfectly accentuates the oyster in that form, and lemon. That's IT.  No silly "scallion-vinegar mask, and definitely no cocktail sauce HERE -- you might as well soak you oysters in KETCHUP. Nope, NOT HERE! Elliott's clearly takes their oysters seriously. So in short, in the course of my journey, Elliott's, by far TOPS THE LIST of places to go for a true raw oyster experience, and on my own personal OYSTER SCALE, they truly deserve... FIVE OYSTERS!!! (out of five oyster shells) Congrats Elliotts, when it comes to oysters in Seattle, YOU SHOOT DOWN THE COMPETITION!
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,5/10/2010,172,350,25,17,22>I finally lost my Paseo virginity.The afterglow was like nothing I've experienced. My worldview has been forever altered.Clearly I've been doing it wrong this whole time.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,5/9/2010,60,122,12,11,11>The Stranger is reused in this hole-in-the-wall as the grease catcher for perfectly fried, golden brown fish and fries. I read half of Savage's advice on tormented perversity as I chow down my catfish dipped sequentially in salsa verde, chili mayo and curry ketchup. Don't judge my perverse dipping, ok! I like the taste explosion hit every bud in my mouth.WHATCHA GOT? I had catfish. My friend got halibut. They have more choices like pacific cod, gulf shrimp and even veggies for those who don't eat anything that crawls or has scales. Not just a fish fry, they also serve sandwiches -- pulled pork, Uli's sausage (poor Uli!) -- and beer, from Fat Tire to Oly. An Oly with your Uli?YOU GOT SERVED. The two guys here, with long locks and rocker-smells-like-teen-spirit vibe, may have well been a distant branch in Kurt Cobain's family tree. They're quick and courteous, yet with a reserved cool when taking orders as the stream of customers line up. At 2:30 pm, they close for lunch. As we finish our fries, there were more peeps (7 until I lost count) who walked in to see if they're still serving despite the "CLOSE" sign on the door. Only then did I realize literacy is truly an endemic problem aggravated by the sight of fish fries.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,5/8/2010,92,228,12,15,11>Folks, meet my favorite doughnut shop ever.  There are only three things that would make them better:1.  Be open 24/7 (a girl can dream)2.  Have a direct, magical portal to my kitchenand/or3.  Be completely free of caloriesOH WELL.  In the meantime, let me wax poetic about the bacon maple bars, which...dare I say it...are better than Voodoo's bacon maple bars.  I know.  I KNOW.  Here's where Frost got it oh so right - smaller pieces of bacon.  Oh, you know it's true...biting from a strip of bacon is not easy and doing that without pulling it off the doughnut (and taking a bunch of maple frosting with you, leaving you a naked doughnut) is next to impossible.  Frost remedies this by chopping up their bacon into good bacon bits and putting them on top.But bacon and maple bars aside, their cake doughnuts don't coat your mouth like they do when you get them from other places, the flavors/combos are more creative than the average doughnut shops, and they have red velvet doughnuts.  Complete with cream cheese frosting.But we all have our litmus tests, right?  The doughnut we get everywhere so we can judge consistency across the genre using a common denominator and mine is the bismark (also known as the custard filled with the chocolate frosting).  Theirs?  Major amounts of thick, vanilla-y cream and a really good chocolate frosting.Win.They don't have a ton of seating inside and it tends to get really crowded (especially Sunday mornings) but when the weather's nicer, you'll have a LOT of seating options outdoors...and if you're looking to carry out, then you don't need to worry about this.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,5/7/2010,215,299,13,14,13>Meow. If I were a cat Purr would make me purr. I promise this joke will contain no reviews about pussies. Er, strike that, reverse it. I love me some gay boys, and those gay boys love them some karaoke, so when we decide we want to do some gay-boy karaoke, Purr is where we head. The place is decorated really cool with rotating art by local artists and sometimes even the bar staff. Speaking of the staff, they're really friendly, and the drinks they pour are strong. The crowd seems eccletic, ranging anywhere from groups of straight kids coming to do karaoke, to soccer teams, to hetero & homosexual couples, they've got it all at Purr. Everyone fits in here, and you will too.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,5/5/2010,133,298,9,10,9>I think the point that I realized my rating for T&W was too low was when I mentioned in casual conversation to a friend that I had just eaten there.In a slightly snarky tone, she said, "The Teriyaki place in the PARK AND RIDE LOT?! I always wondered what type of people eat there!"And with confidence and purpose, I said, "People like me. I eat there."This is really my go-to spot when I need a quick dinner and don't want to cook for myself. The quality is consistent, the variety is good. I'm still in love with their gyoza + sauce. Did you know it's only $3 for 8 pieces? And sometimes, you get 9!!! I challenge you to find a better deal for gyoza.Regarding the spicy chicken debacle from my first visit, I've since learned that if you order the "Spicy Chicken," you get the same spicy sauce, but with ALL CHICKEN and NO VEGETABLES. My dietitian says boo, but I say PERFECT.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,3/22/2009,76,32,23,18,19>Linda,Sorry I didn't call you the next day like I said I would but you have to understand that I'm a busy man.  I just want to take this time to convey how much I enjoyed those two magical hours we spent together Friday evening.Let me first start by saying that as soon as I showed up to your place I was drawn to your jukebox.  As I was walking in I heard The Libertines and I felt like you already knew me and were trying to seduce me.  Well played on your part I must say.  I was quite impressed.  We talked about The Libertines for awhile and since you were down, we played around with a couple of more tracks off of their self-titled album.  If it feels good, do it right?  Indeed.Naturally the fooling around with The Libertines led to a slippery slope of wanting to play Babyshambles and you could tell that I was getting a little excited when pushing your buttons to access that disc.  I inserted some coins into your jukebox and proceeded to play a couple of tracks off of "Down in Albion".  You then asked me if I wanted to go back to your patio.  I was more than obliged and it was great that you have speakers out there so we could hear our music.  We sat around on Cedar tables drinking pitchers of Manny's talking about everything from biker bar incidents to commenting on what must have been an ambitious stoner that painted that "color-by-numbers" mural on the wall of your  neighbor's building.  We then had a stimulating conversation comparing Dirty Pretty Things to Babyshambles and what we liked about them and both agreed that we liked Peter Doherty more than Carl Barat even though Carl Barat is still a rawk gawd.  Good times.I don't have to remind you about playing Vampire Weekend, The Kinks, or one of my personal favorites: Unit 4+2's "Concrete and Clay" off of the Rushmore soundtrack.You are my Rushmore Linda.Your bathroom was kind of dirty but given the type of person you are I am willing to look past this.  I like you and I hope we can link up again in the future.  Even if not, no one can take away what we shared together.You've got my number...xoxox,will
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,3/21/2009,104,135,7,9,9>Congratulations! Txori has earned the Chris B. award for most unique restaurant name in Seattle! Try googling it, and you will find a host of abstract posts listing references to Txori in Seattle, somewhere in there. Apparently, "Txori" is the basque name for "bird". Love it. Earns 1 star for that. The decor is smallish, from the bar area with only a few seats, to the tiny tables -- even the food and the plates. Everything seems like it's in miniature. But it's still comfortable. And there is definitely a "trendy" element to it. I like it, but keep in mind that the plates are very small. 0.5 stars. The menu and food are great: From the slices of Serrano ham with bread, to the braised oxtail, to the squid covered in squid ink with a fancy design. The squid is my favorite, with a nice texture, and a subtle sea flavor that lingers -- all two bites of it. If this is your first time, you will definitely find something interesting and good on the menu. 3 stars. Drinks are good, but quite expensive, small, and in an odd glass for the drink -- you know that water glass with the tapered, heavy bottom you can get at Goodwill for $.50 a piece?  Yeah, like that.   For a $10 drink, you'd think they could do better than that.  I had the Gilda Sucia, with an anchovy flavor in a Ketel One martini that was quite good. The drink specialties are quality, and creative, no doubt.  But I think the small fancy drinks in the poor-man's glass can easily take you for a ride very quickly at $10 a piece. -0.5 stars. Service is just ok. They are friendly enough, but if you ask for a fork when you don't get one, that friendliness can easily chill over as quick as ice on your pintxos. I don't think "attention to detail" service is on the menu here. -0.5Overall experience: This place is a great place to take a friend, or go by yourself. I've been here twice, both ways, and had a good time. Recommended, but be careful of your spending. The plates may appear cheap, but they are very small, and the drinks are ultra-pricey. +0.5 stars. Let's see (taking out calculator), 1 + .5 + 3.0 - .5 - .5 + .5 and that comes to... 4 stars!
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2008,3/20/2009,91,486,17,13,15>Alli: "I am in love with this sandwich."Immature taunting voice: "So why don't you marry it?"Alli: "I just might. Italian Grinder will be my king and I shall be his queen."Immature taunting voice: "I know you are, but what am I?"Alli: "That doesn't even make sense. Go away."uh. ma. gawd. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Royal Grinder might be the best sandwich I've ever had. Start with a yummy soft-on-the-inside, flaky-on-the-outside french bread roll, add a generous helping of pepperoni, salami, and some other meat, top with red onion, olives, and cheese, and bake until bubbly. *drools* It's like the best pizza you've ever had, except in sandwich form.Tried gelato for the first time, too. It was a little slow, so the guy working was letting us have more than the usual 2-sample limit. Spicy Chocolate? A little POW! in the background. Raspberry? Classic. Rose? Dainty! And so healthy for you!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2008,3/19/2009,15,88,8,10,9>I want to shout gleefully to the knitters of the world, "BUY YARN HERE!!"Conservative estimates show that if you tied all of the yarn at Weaving Works together, it would be long enough to reach to the moon and back at least 218 times.  At LEAST!Whether you want to spend $5 a ball or $50 a ball, they have you covered.  Have a weaving loom?  They sell huge spools of yarn for looms!Want to buy a weaving loom?  They sell them here!Want to spin wool into your own yarn?  They sell wool!Want to learn how to spin wool into yarn?  They have classes!They.  Have.  Everything.  It's the Scarecrow of yarn stores.Plus, the staff are super-nice and can tell you in exhaustive detail about the differences between angora v. alpaca, Peruvian wool v. New Zealand wool, organic hippie yarn v. regular yarn, etc.(Keep in mind, however, that this is a yarn store, and they don't really have much in the way of supplies for other non-knitting crafts.)In the vast sea of yarn stores, Weaving Works pwns!!!1
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2008,3/18/2009,70,154,12,9,7>Let's be frank here... I've done the hard work for you, so you wouldn't have to.  I promise you that if you take a date here and have this meal you'll get a little something something.  However if you suck so much that you fail miserably with the date, you'll at the very least get lucky with yourself.Here's my sure fire first meal of awesomeness that's practically guarantees you a night of awesomeness.  'Cheap Dates' - Medjoohl dates wrapped in bacon, grilled eggplant, red onionEnsalada con Pato - Warm duck confit spinach salad, crispy onions, walnuts, guava-sage vinaigretteBistec a la Parilla - Grilled beef tenderloin, black bean pate, Yukon Gold potatoes, truffle jusEl Diablo - Bittersweet cube of sinfully rich dark chocolate graced with cayenne, spicy almonds, cocoa nibs and burnt meringue finished with a tequila caramel sauce.FYI - this meal was so awesome that I got lucky before we even left!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,3/17/2009,256,484,6,8,9>Get in line, and remember there are (2) windows here at this little hole in the wall bakery in the Sanitary Market. (For anyone not in the know, the "Sanitary" side of the market is the strip directly across from the main market. It was called "Sanitary" because at the turn of the century horses were not allowed in that side of the market) Three Girls always has a wide selection of the freshest, tastiest loaves you could ever want. I have tried the natural sour french loaf, very delicious, crusty bread, Russian Rye- a lighter tasting take on a traditional rye with a medium color... My FAVORITE thing to get when I stop at the Market (and I get one almost every time) is the Black Rye. No, not the Black Forest Rye... just the standard, Black Rye. Trust me... just spread on a tiny bit of butter and eat... It is seriously, my favorite bread in all the cosmos. Prices are reasonable for the quality and flavor of the product, and they will slice your loaf for you. I also noticed they have a little lunch counter... I will have to stop in for a sandwich next time I get down there.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,3/16/2009,66,202,5,6,5>Si Si Senor!It's great to have a restaurant that's not a divey diner but still has a counter where those of us unafraid to socialize with strangers can do so over a delicious basket of hot-from-the-fryer chips and plate holding 5 different kinds of salsa.  Or, if you're cramped for space, just ask for your server's favorite salsa and you'll probably end up with a combination of 2 or 3 mixed together that will be a tastebud explosion of happy happy joy joy.Their taco plates have FIVE delicious, double-tortilla'd tacos, the guacamole will bring tears to your eyes, and the cucumber jalapeno margarita is a thing of beauty.  If you like pork and mole', you can't go wrong with the Manchamanteles.  Did I mention they put chunks of plantain mixed in with the pork, and it comes with mashed sweet potatoes?  I didn't even touch all the tortillas they brought on the side, I couldn't be bothered to put the fork down.  You will turn into Homer Simpson in front of this plate:    Can't. talk.  eeeaaatingggg.  nom nom NOM.Breakast until 3pm EVERY DAY.  I really need to try the Chicharron and the Huevos Ahogados.  I'm hungry just thinking about it.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2009,3/15/2009,219,1274,17,15,17>Awesome!I saw Kurosawa's Kagemusha here recently and it was great.  Even the audience beat my expectations for the place.I am so pleased to live in a place that will show films of limited appeal (and let us face it, that is what festival films really are) on a routine basis.Sure.  There were some dipshit hipster wangs who giggled like helmet-wearing retards at some of the very Japanese mannerisms in the film, but I'm used to the illiterati making their appearance at things they're told that they should like.  They couldn't break my stride because this was Kurosawa that I hadn't had the ability to see before.And it was on the big screen.And it was a flawless print.SIFF gave me a happy ending samurai-style after three bars, tots, beer, and scotch.  Thanks for a great evening, SIFF.  I'll look forward to my next one with you.XOXONinja Ian (1000th review!)
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,3/14/2009,779,709,23,19,19>It's like Linda's...only not really. But enough like it that you'll have a conversation with 'random drinking guy" at the bar about how the jukebox is exactly the same, only not. And how Fleetwood Mac is somehow in control of the Linda's-sister-bar-universe. And when looking for the bathroon you will almost think you are at Linda's still, and how the hell did you get back to Linda's..but not really.For fun, I suggest ordering fries, then moving tables. Then add a person to the group, have him order a sandwich, and move to yet a bigger table before it's served. The waiter will think he's been drinking on the job.The Hot Toddy was a whole helluva lot of "toddy".The spicy sweet potato fries were fabulous, although the deeper into the plate you went, it did get too salty for me.They had sleds. Just sitting there. Perhaps just another drinker's mode of transport, but for the purposes of the evening, we decided it was Redwood telling us that we should..nay MUST, sled out front the bar before calling it a night.So we did.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,3/13/2009,38,51,12,10,12>Two words: HONEY ROLL. Two more words: DREAM ROLL. Three letters: OMG. This place will give you the most outrageous flavorgasm of your life. I've only ate here twice, but both times the service was friendly, timely, and totally on point. If you're a sushi purist with a bone for incredible sashimi, Shiku's awe-inspiring rolls might be lost on you -- though I don't doubt the sashimi's incredible here, too. But the rolls are where it's at.Come here with an open mind and an empty stomach. You'll thank me later.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2007,7/10/2007,45,0,10,6,6>I can't believe Robert Leonard isn't on here!  OMG this place is a-frickin-mazing!  Maybe it isn't on here because there are those types that want to keep it a secret...  Perhaps I shouldn't reveal more lest they try to shut me up for good...Without Angela, Erik, and June I would not be the woman that I am.  I love them...like family...no scratch that, I don't love at least one of my sisters as much as I love those three!!!  All day today I just kept thinking about how I am going to see Angela today and I sort of started to do the happy dance...you know the one...you just can't contain the joy you feel!  NB: the happy dance is first cousin to the happy FOOD dance, but the happy food dance is usually performed sitting and involves more eye rolling.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2007,7/9/2007,400,699,17,12,10>Oh dear sweet mutha of all things pure and evil! My stomach is full and my taste buds still salivate for this place. I have found my new sandwich shop to replace the one I left in So Cal. I could literally only eat half and the other is sitting in my fridge right now, waiting for me to devour it.. MwuahahaMy 6", more like 10", roast beef sub was fantastic. They use Boar's Head products and the bread was fresh. A typicall 6" sub runs little over $7 and a foot long over $12. A bit high in the scheme of subs, but my stomach says it's worth it. They only take cash and check, but there's an atm inside hat will rape your ass for $1.75.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2007,7/8/2007,191,70,3,6,5>Cute place. Fun atmosphere, small enough to have some atmosphere but big enough to have some privacy (well, I assume so, if isn't packed full of yelpers). Cam & Erin were great - head down and say hi.Update: Apparently they have sandwiches and some other food (Pop Tarts!) that's pretty tasty..
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,7/7/2007,54,103,3,11,6>After giving the waxing a shot (see Wax On review: yelp.com/biz/5_2eGkKsxTw…) I figured I would try sugaring for my next tattoo arm prep and went into The Sweet Spot to have both arms "sugared".  Pluses: - The studio is quiet and comfortable, if a bit tricky to find. - The staff is really friendly.  They offered me some water when I got there, and they're very informative about the whole process (kind of like a little lesson in hair health). - You can EAT the sugar goo... I don't know how big a benefit this is to most clients, but it made me chuckle. - Everything is very clean - I've received excellent service no matter who I saw, from newbies to the owner, everybody knows what they are doing.Neutrals: - The process was more time consuming than waxing, but I felt it was more thorough, not time wasted. - My experience was no more or less painful than waxing, it was pretty much the same amount of pain (not unbearable, but not exactly pleasant). - I had no more or less ingrown hairs in the weeks following treatment.  Pretty much the same as waxing, even following their exfoliation advice (4-5 per arm... I think I'm just prone to them).Cons: - None really, it's just a bit more expensive than waxing (and that is really just for my arm treatment, most of their other prices are comparable).  Even so, it is worth paying a little extra to get a job well done.I've had a chance to get both waxed and sugared a couple times now and compare the two.  I have been extremely happy with the consistency and quality at the Sweet Spot.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2006,7/6/2007,221,213,2,11,6>I started going to Dr Dzon Nguyen at the recommendation of an ex boyfriend who didn't particularly like going to the dentist. I, on the other hand, am very particular when it comes to dentists and enjoy going. I have a bit of 'teeth phobia'. I brush constantly and try to take the very best care of my teeth. I don't think that's so much of a phobia rather than good hygiene, but others disagree and say I'm obsessed. Whatever. If you look at the pictures in my profile, you can see the beautiful things Dr Nguyen has done with my teeth. When I first started seeing Dr Nguyen (almost 5 years ago), I asked about braces. He told me all about Invisalign, and I said yes at my first consultation. The cost for Invisalign is on par with that of metal braces, and as an braces-wearing-adult, I liked the "invisibility" of Invisalign and the option to take them out to eat and brush, an option you don't have with regular braces. ALSO-since they are similar to retainers, you can use them as whitening trays as well. This was a suggestion that Dr Nguyen had offered, so obviously it is safe to use the whitening gel on the Invisalign aligners. Dr Nguyen is super nice, professional, and very sensitive when it comes to your mouth, teeth, and gums. The staff he has working with him are top-notch. The dental assistants are all very friendly and remember your name and things that are going on with you. The ladies at the front desk, Melissa and Casey, are very friendly and are excellent in giving you reminder calls a couple days before your appointment. On one of my most recent visits, I had a leftover flap from a long-gone wisdom tooth lazered off by Dr Emma Etemadi. She was gentle and kind and before performing the job, told me what to expect. It was relatively painless and now I don't have that annoying piece of skin flapping around in the back of my mouth. Awesome! If you're looking for a dentist in the Seattle (Crown Hill area), please check out the fine folks at Pacific Dental Care. Your teeth will be very happy!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2007,7/2/2007,35,38,3,3,2>Hi, my name is Faith and I am a library geek. I love the library and feel like this library review will be number 1 on my 'library crawl' through libraries far and wide throughout Seattle. If you know anything about Australian culture this phrase is meant to parallel the 'pub crawl' which occurs when a group of people hit one pub after another pub, and another, until they can walk no more - which is why it is called a pub CRAWL! But I am sure you Yelpers know all about it? So I am going to do a library crawl but it will happen over an extended period.Ok, so I admit to getting a little stingy with the star rating for this library but I am a fan of all things old - including my libraries. After re-reading this post I really should re-phrase that and say all things antique, otherwise I may start getting message from all those old men around Seattle thinking that I want to date them? Yes, I admit Seattle needed some pizazz in the area of architecture but couldn't you have incorporated the pizazz in a different building like a condo or an art gallery. On my first visit I really didn't know what to make of this place and it did feel terribly sterile to me, but I do love the huge amount of glass that surrounds the building and would definitely love to be on the top floor on a really stormy day. Now that could be spectacular. Joel and I did all the things that any newcomer to the library does, and that is to visit every nook and crevice - and walked out exhausted by the end of it all. Now I have often heard that the colour red can make a person feel angry and I definitely saw red after stepping out of the elevator on level 4, but that feeling soon subsided after hearing a wonderful lecture on rare book collecting.  Of course, at the end of the day this may not have been my favorite style of architecture for a library, but I did manage to exit the building with an armload of books - and that is all that really matters, isn't it!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2007,6/30/2007,164,329,10,6,8>i felt way too young to be here... but it was worth the discomfort... had a patty melt and it was sooooooo good!!!loved the outside... i like trains :)my server called me "toots"... who does that?!?! she was great!!if you're in the area stop by for a treat... and while you're at it give gramma and gramps a call... they'd fit in just right!! HAHA!!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,6/28/2007,478,401,9,17,7>I've come to love the pho here and it's close to work.  For me, it's further away than Cafe Pho on Third, but it's worth the extra walk (I hate walking).  The most important thing is always the broth.  It's excellent.  Not too sweet.  Not too bland.  But just hearty and rich.  The noodles always come out just right (al dente).  And I LOVE that it doesn't come with sliced white onion on top.  I always end up picking the onion out at other pho places anyway, so it saves me some work.I realize that the lack of onion may detract from its "authenticity," but I"m not Vietnamese, so I really don't give a shit.  As long as it tastes good to me, that's all that matters.  Oh and they have a fried spring roll that is to die for.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,6/27/2007,1574,1166,25,16,10>I'm all about value (me and most local car dealers whilst advertising in booming voices on TV) and Hoa Salon delivers on value. When you want something a bit more elevated than the $35 manicure pedicure combo at your local nail shop but don't want to be spending $100+ at the spa (which just seems ludicrous unless you are J-Lo) head down to Madison Park (ooohhh did I just say that?) and soak your feet in the pedicure tubs at this charming little salon.Yes, often times the conversations you overhear are banal (I  overheard a mother-daughter combo whining about the unsightliness of flip flop tan lines from their time in Costa Rica) but you can just rev up the massage chair until they are drowned out. You're going to be spending about $7 more than you're normal $35 manicure/pedicure but the results are about twice as good and the atmosphere doesn't have a bunch of Nagel-esque paintings all over the place. C'mon it's getting towards flip flop season and the only thing worse than tan lines is chipped nail polish! Right? There is nothing worse? Just pretend that there are not troops in Iraq or injustice in the world and you'll realize the severity of chipped polish and get yourself down to HAO STAT!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,6/25/2007,150,101,18,23,12>Sometimes when you're hungry and it's late, you end up eating crap because it's all there is - but at least you're not hungry anymore right?Well, Nara "Chinese Restaurant" was great!  Good food after 10pm, what a pleasant surprise.The reason I put "Chinese Restaurant" in quotes is because I like the fact that they are actually a secret Korean restaurant if you pass the test.  The test would be - your ability to read/speak Korean.  I know it says Chinese right there in the name. Plus, when  you look through the menu you'll find just about every item you'd find in every other Chinese restaurant in Seattle/the world.  But, the back of the last page of the menu is all in Korean.  Now, I can't read Korean.  I looked at that last page and for all I know it could have been the transcript to episode 12 of "Me Ri, Dae Gu's Attack and Defense Battle", (bonus if you know that show) but it wasn't.  It's the secret Korean menu!Had some ja jang myun, which was awesome.  It's not found at every Korean restaurant - a noodle dish invented by emigrated Chinese adapting their food to Korean tastes. (Or was it the other way around?)  It was served with kimchi, takuwan, and onions with black bean sauce.  It was perfect.Why did I like this place so much?  Well, besides the deliciousness, and the great company, I just can't resist that good feeling of being able to eat food that only a select few can order.  It feels like - superiority - and therefore deserves every star I can give it.PS - I made the mistake of trying to just order something off the regular menu.  (MY mistake)  I ordered some fried bananas expecting them to be like the ones my grandma used to make.  They weren't.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,8/8/2009,53,342,7,7,7>Stopped by in the midst of OMGZHEATWAVEOFTHEMILLENNIUM for some ice cream.  I left extremely satisfied and will absolutely be patronizing this establishment in the future.Plus:Snoqualmie Ice Cream!  The best!Lots of flavorsFriendly helpful staff (middle aged woman)"Regulars" hanging out (in no A/C...it must be a friendly joint)NO PLASTIC.  Only cash/check.  Won't overdraw my account here!Minus:All the way over in that part of Ballard?  Ugh.  I'm so lazy.NO PLASTIC.  Only cash/check. Recommend:Salted Caramel.  Seriously.  Sooooo good.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,8/7/2009,173,265,16,15,15>Their service can be a bit spotty at times, but for tasty brats and sausages, it's a tough place to beat.  Also, they have those tiny little fries where you can eat about four or five fries at a time and not have an obnoxious stuffed mouth.  Their coleslaw is superior too, some of the better slaw I've had in Seattle.  Every single day, they have a special on a .5 L beer.  Saw a few tables of people hoisting boots as well (clarification: glass boots with beer in them, not just boots, that would be weird to see people hoisting boots).They have a decent outdoor seating section out back, which is almost impossible to find on the Ave, and if it's full they have a few tables facing the Ave that have giant windows that open up and let a nice breeze in.Finally, according to the sign out front yesterday evening, the soup of the day was a beer sampler.  I always knew German's loved beer, but that's just overkill.  Soup of the day should be SOUP.  Some things are not to be trifled with.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,8/5/2009,519,323,15,21,18>Walking through the Ballard Seafood Fest, I couldn't resist the temptation of a strawberry cupcake from Cupcake Royale.  A new "moisty-er  cake" sign reveals that they have been trying hard to work on shedding their dry cake image.  Frankly, I have never had a dry cupcake from Cupcake Royale, but kudos to them for reaching out and addressing their clients cries!It was a hot day, and even with the cupcakes sitting outside, the frosting stood up just lovely.  The tiny bits of strawberry and the crunchy pink sugar on top really flicked my bic.  The cake was velvety soft, yet substantial and plush in texture.  It was pretty much cake perfection.  Kudos to you also C.R., for keeping your gourmet cupcake prices competitive.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,8/4/2009,66,202,18,12,11>Dear Ballard Smoke Shop,You Complete Me.Captain Sig from Deadliest Catch sat 2 stools down the bar from me.One of the bartenders, when asked what kind of beer they had, replied, "Just order a cocktail.  We make 'em strong".  Someone asked me, "Hey do you wanna be in my movie?".  I politely declined.Darlene behind the bar makes a mean vodka soda and doesn't put up with any crap.Someone rang the bell.I think I bought some earrings.  No, wait, that was my friend.I can't wait to go back.  Maybe next time I'll remember leaving.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2009,8/3/2009,367,192,35,40,38>It's Sunday at 3pm and they're blasting "Me So Horny" and other 2 Live Crew songs over the speakers.  It's so loud that I've got my own ipod on "screw my eardrums" volume setting and I'm still got "me love you long time.." blaring in my ears. But why is putting up with one of the worst songs imaginable such as "Put her in the Buck" worth staying at Zeitgeist? 1. They got freaking air conditioning which is valuable when it gets ball sweat hot in the late summer.  (thanks for the tip Michelle B)2. Free wi-fi! 3. They have outdoor seating for days when Amelie the dog wants to sit outside and meet the homeless who inevitably want to pet her.4. They make a decent sandwich and salads.5. The bathrooms aren't so nasty. (remember to get the key from the counter)6. They have interesting artwork on the walls.7. They have a rack of free flyers and Seattle Weekly/Stranger so I don't need to go outside and get an issue to look at the nasty back page.Things that keep Zeitgeist from perfection:1. They need to get more outlets as they are only 3 in the café and those seats are always taken. And when someone gets up from a table near the outlets you gotta pretend your in the Thunderdome and fight off the others just to be able to plug in your computer. 2. They close at 7pm which is quite early for me since I wake up at 2pm on the weekends. 3. Limited drink menu and on the pricey side. 4. They blare their music inhumanely loud and the music is either hipster or offensive with nothing in between.5. Sometimes there's too many damn hipsters that hang out there. There's also an ATM inside. If you've ever visited Pioneer Square you'd know that ATMs are hard to come by this area. If you used an outside ATM in the area it would be a death wish with the nearby population filled with the homeless and crack dealers. Who knew that a café could do so much to reinvest in the community? Lastly, Kerrie L. has spent some significant time at Zeitgeist studying and she's reported that cracked out crazy people will sometimes wander inside. I just think it's the regulars at Joe's Bar who got confused and went to Zeitgeist by accident. On the other hand, I'd take the crazies at Zeitgeist and Joe's Bar over the douchebags at Trinity or Heaven's night club any day!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,8/2/2009,8,25,11,11,7>What the heck is this place?Stumbled in here on Saturday night and was confronted with that weird exotic animals menu, a bunch of people in plaid and trucker hats (oh please let it have been a theme party) and some dude who told me he'd put $20 worth of speed metal in the jukebox.  I thought maybe I'd wandered into some weird candid camera joke.I had wanted a bar with Buckhunter, darts and pool so that I could beat my date at bar games.  Ed's Kort House delivered on all accounts, with a big side of WTF too.  This ain't no classy joint, but I bet each time you go, something new and wonderful is bound to happen.  For example, the wonders of the women's bathroom probably never cease.  Truly one of the last great dive (diiiiiiive) bars in the city limits.In the words of someone else:  I'll be back.For those interested, the waitress (Ed's daughter) told us that the exotic animal burgers are buy one get one half off on Tuesdays and Sundays.  So, bring a posse of meat eaters and have at it.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,8/1/2009,199,210,11,8,10>When I came to...There was evidence in this room of excessive consumption of almost every type of junk food known to civilized man since 1544 A.D.What kind of addict would need all these Molly Moon's ice cream tubs and squished Vienna sausages?  Would the presence of junkies account for the hotdog bun drenched in melted ice cream and peanut butter?These hardened clusters of Kraft Mac & Cheese on the bureau?Maybe so...But then, why all these Twinkies? The Otter Pop wrappers surrounded by splashes of blue and purple that had dried into shiny, sticky puddles?These were not the hoofprints of your normal night on the town. The photos pieced together  the rest of the story: a night in Ballard capped off at "Snacks!". Hazy imagery reveals the friendliest  convenience store employees to walk the earth, and inventory to perfectly suit those special nights out.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,7/31/2009,104,135,6,13,10>Freshly cut bite-sized triangles of crunchy cucumber.  Slices of delicious, sweet tomatoes surrounded by dark green lettuce, layered with slivers of onion.  Tender, flavorful pieces of quickly flamed beef-lamb, that actually tastes like beef and lamb, muddled with a rich dressing that perfectly compliments the fresh ingredients, all cradled in soft, fresh pita, wrapping up the perfect gyro.I'm sometimes a bit skeptical when I hear all rave reviews.  But when you get a 4.5 rating with 125 reviews on Yelp, you know they must be doing something right.  And they are.When I walked in (at 2pm), there was a line of 4 ahead of me.  I thought it would take 10 minutes, then noticed how efficiently the place is run.  It's clearly designed to get you in and out.  The menu even tells you that in peak times, they can't serve certain items.  From the moment I walked in the door, 4 others were helped ahead of me, and I gave my order and had my gyro in hand, payed for, and walking out the door within a few short minutes later.In the midst of all that efficency, the guys somehow manage to chat up customers (almost flirty with the girls, girls!), and have a genuinely energetic disposition while making your wonderful food.There's a gazillion gyro places around town, and I've been to an awful lot of them, but this place is the cream of the gyro.  Great stuff!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,7/30/2009,91,486,12,17,13>Every single time I'd been to Patty's Egg Nest in the past on a Sunday morning, Brandon the Magician was there doing some crazy balloon art and wowing the patrons with card and rubber band tricks. I talked the phenomenon up big-time to The Boy, an aspiring magician (though he won't admit it), who got all excited and could not wait to see it for himself.After several torturous weeks of waiting for a free Sunday morning, when we finally went yesterday wouldn't you know that Brandon the Magician was nowhere to be found? I blame it all on the economy--either Patty had to cut back on her entertainment budget, or Brandon the Magician had to go find work as Brandon the Garbage Collector. *shakes fist at America's Financial Institutions*But other than that, the experience was a good one. I had a scramble with sausage, mushrooms, spinach, and parmesan, with hashbrowns and a biscuit, plus coffee that just kept on coming. Yum! And The Boy got steak and eggs, which must have been good because he sure finished the whole darn thing. It was quite impressive, especially because the 'large' milk he ordered might also have been called a 'big gulp', a meal in itself.Though we had to wait for the tables for a few minutes, the service was quick. Any downtime was occupied by reading up on the Greenwood CoffeeNews bulletin (complete with news from India), perusing the Sunday Comics, and brushing up on our Chinese Horoscopes (because they had the info under the glass on our table). The decor also provided a lot to look at, between the St. Paddy's Day shamrocks, Valentine hearts, and various springtime butterfly paintings. It's just a restaurant for all seasons! And the lack of magician was slightly redeemed by the cool trick water fountain they have at the cash register. But I won't tell you how it works, you'll have to figure that out on your own.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,7/28/2009,219,1274,14,13,10>I had my first time at Liberty last night.  Since I wasn't able to get things done in calm environments, I thought that I'd try this one.I ordered a Japanese single malt, a sushi roll, and associated with the wifi.  SSID: "Liberty Loves You" :DThe bartenders dropped in with a couple of bottles after a while and insisted I try some of the other Japanese scotch.  Don't mind if I do, awesome dudes.Their music was enjoyable the entire time.  If I worked for the state and these guys were the ruskies, I would have had to give them the missile plans.  So good was their prep work for my enjoyment.Some number of hours later, much work accomplished (shocking if you don't know how I work), many drinks consumed, assorted patrons shocked, impressed, frightened, or traumatized, it was time to go.To leave for now, but to return soon.Fuck Remedy Tea.  I'm hanging out here.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,4/24/2011,141,414,10,13,11>I had a bikini wax emergency. I needed one, like, now, due to a last minute photoshoot scheduled in the middle of my day. My friend, who is a licensed esthetician, typically handles my business down there but she was unavailable at such short notice. What is a girl who is very loyal to her waxer do in the heat of the moment? Look on Yelp. I searched and found the Beauty Bar Spa. Browsing the site informed me they not only do waxing but they have massages and manicures and pedicures available. Their bikini waxes were the cheapest I could fine at $30 a pop. While reasonable it was a little shocking since the way I pay for my bikini waxes is with food. I called fully aware and apologizing it was short noticed but asked if I could get in at around 1:00 or 1:30. Sorry, all booked up. I asked if maybe 12:30 was an option and I was told she would have to ask whomever and get back to me. I hung up assuming I would never hear back. Fifteen minutes later I get a call back and agreed to be there at 12:30.The Beauty Bar is off of 35th Ave SW next to a small cafe. It is cozy and bright and with it being such a sunny day full of light. There was a woman at the desk who seemed to have just arrived. She asked me what my appointment was for and then pointed me to the direction of the waiting area. She offered me water which I politely declined. She then told me Lisa would be with me momentarily. Shortly thereafter I saw a woman walk up to me, stick her hand out, and introduce herself as Lisa. I introduced myself and she led me to a white washed room with an awesome flower mural in the corner. I inquired about it and learned Lisa's spanish teacher had painted it.Now, I consider my friend to be the best waxer on the planet but Lisa is a very close second. She was pleasant, precise, and not to mention fast. She was easygoing and we chatted the entire time. Nothing is better than having someone help ease the situation when you are pantless at the mercy of a woman with wax and tweezers near your lady parts. I highly recommend the Beauty Bar. If you ever need to get things tight and right down there ask for Lisa. She will pull and pluck you to perfection.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,4/23/2011,543,163,18,27,21>We work within view of Cuoco (and Tom Douglas' other attached eateries), and after months and months of watching the Terry Building undergo its transformation, opening day finally arrived.  We intended to visit the Brave Horse Tavern, upstairs, but it's not opening until Wednesday.  So, Cuoco chose us, as it were.The first thing that hits you when you walk in is the striking nature of the space.  Well, the first thing I noticed, actually, was Tom Douglas talking to restaurant employees nearby, but chances are you won't notice this since he likely won't be there in the entrance once the restaurant is up and running efficiently.  Anyway, the decor.  The pasta station--where the delicious workhorse of this menu is crafted--presents itself as a centerpiece, directly ahead upon your entry.  Plenty of big windows line the edges of the dining room, but the space still retains a cozy, intimate feel thanks to the dark colors and the relatively low ceiling.  Classy touches dress the place up a bit, like a large boar sculpture at eye level on a table near the entrance; a brilliant red tile kitchen area; a glass-encased wine "cellar" behind the bar; and a wooden structure suspended from the ceiling that conceals the HVAC ductwork, and which I suspect may also function as a noise baffle so as to keep dining din at a minimum.Tables for parties of two to six fill the main dining room, and accommodations for different types of groups abound: there's a private table off to the right of the bar, and beyond the kitchen area, a chef's table, and a private dining room that seats "around 20."  All of this makes sense considering the number of lunch meetings that will likely occur within these walls, what with the restaurant being ensconced in the bosom of Amazon's new campus. I fully expect Jeff Bezos to be power-lunching at the chef's table.The staff was excited on opening day and eager to share details and offer recommendations.  Entrées are mostly pasta-focused, but highly varied.  Starters and small plates range from bread service with a flight of three extra-virgin olive oils to more adventurous fare involving organ meats.  We kept it simple with the bread service, which was presented with standard Italian bread as well as a flaxseed walnut bread.  I appreciated the flaxseed bread, but it's not the best tool for picking up nuances of the three distinct olive oils that were served.  If olive oil isn't your cup of, um, oil, the bread is also served with butter that's worth mentioning on its own.  Seriously, this butter was outstanding.  Creamy and lightly salted, it'll make you wonder what that crap in the door of your fridge actually is.Our party of four had a gnocchi, a risotto featuring grapefruit and radicchio--that might sound odd ("Grapefruit in a risotto?!") but which was actually delicious and well balanced; and the artichoke ravioli. The ravioli is served simply, without tomato sauce, garnished with thin slivers of fried artichoke heart. The lack of a heavy sauce and the extreme freshness and thinness of the ravioli pasta made what can often be a heavy dish into a divine lunch; slightly indulgent but not crushingly so.  I ordered the full portion ($22), and am glad I did because I was able to eat it easily and probably would have been left wanting had I ordered the small portion ($18).Afterward, we sampled two desserts: the hazelnut tart with Frangelico creme fraiche , and the chocolate budino with olive oil and salt.  For those who don't know off hand (as we did not), a budino is basically a pudding.  Both desserts were good enough, but if I weren't splitting them with others, I'd be hard-pressed to justify their $9 price point.It'll be an occasional, not regular, event to visit Cuoco, considering the Tom Douglas prices that netted me a near-$40 lunch with no beverage other than tap water.  However, I look forward to returning to this inviting space and trying more well-crafted Italian food.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,4/22/2011,149,196,10,14,11>Tacos are good at 4 bucks a pop, sangria was tasty, but the star of the show? Definitely the nachos!!! Piled sky high with beefy, cheesy, guac-y goodness, these nachos can feed at least 2 people as an entree. If you'd like to add a taco as a supplement, I suggest a breakfast taco with egg, potatoes, and your choice of meat. I love that they serve breakfast tacos throughout the day as I never quite understood why other places don't. I mean.. is cooking eggs at 8pm that much different than eggs at 8am??? Why are eggs so violently exiled from the kitchen as your lunchtime sandwiches saunter in? I suggest you take a hint from Barracuda fellow eateries and start serving breakfast all day. It will be much appreciated. Thank you.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,4/21/2011,75,53,10,17,10>I'd been eagerly awaiting the opening of this spot, and upon my first visit - I wasn't disappointed. The place smelled of paint, so I decided to take my order of Pho Ga  (chicken) to go.  I had barely placed my order and sat down to wait when the server handed me what looked like a bag of groceries..Back at my desk, I found a large clear container with fresh veggies, a large chinese takeout container filled with chicken, noodles and more veg... and then there was the paint can sized container of broth. This was a MEDIUM? My only complaint was when it came to assemble the goodies. Apparently I wasn't paying attention in gradeschool science class when they covered the chapter on displacement.  Plop! In go the noodles... then Sploosh! There goes the broth in a tsunami wave all over my desk. Burned my thumb, too.  A pile of paper towels and a burn ointment-covered bandaid later, and I'm ready to dig in. Gotta say... darn good pho. Fresh tasting and very filling. The chicken was big chunks of perfectly cooked breast meat.  I did have the foresight to fill some containers with condiments before leaving - and I'd recommend anybody who wants a bit of heat do the same. A bit of sriracha, some oil with pepper flakes... and the salty brown goo. Perfect. I was full all day for the price of Subway.The wonderful aroma of my luncheon goodness spawned visits by at least three of my co-workers that day. I will be back. -1 star for the paint smell & for the burned thumb (though I suppose I'm partly to blame for the latter)
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,4/20/2011,267,579,14,12,11>I really enjoyed the feel of this restaurant, and it wasn't just being surrounded by new friends and assorted types of clownfish =P  The staff was very friendly, to the point where "someone" was made fun of for ordering a diet coke amidst four beers, and they had no problem accomodating an extra 5 people for us.  In addition, the waiter was able to take better pictures then me, which earns an extra star as well!Food:  I don't even know half of what I ate but to me, it was all delicious.  I loved the curries and the stir fried veggies and squid and prawns and tofu and all sorts of other goodies.  The fried wontons and spring rolls were fantastic as well, and I think the fish cakes may have been my favorite.  I will probably come back and add more specific accounts of each dish when my stomach full recovers from everything I ate, but all in all, I am fairly confident I'll be back here again!Slowly adding specific dish breakdowns... s l o w l y.... Eight Angels - To begin with, I looked at the menu online on Monday because I don't like being the guy who takes two hours to decide because everything looks so good.  As a result, I settled on ordering the Eight Angels prior to ever setting foot in the restaurant, and I was very happy with the dish.  It consisted of stir fried pork, chicken, squid, egg, broccoli, baby corn, mushrooms, and glass noodles.  All of it was full of flavor and it was wonderfully balanced in terms of covering such a vast range of foods.  In the end, I went into hodge podge mode and put a few spoon fulls of this dish over rice, and then covered it with one of the spicier yellow curries, and added the fried tofu and broccoli.  Fan-freakin'-tastic. Appetizer Sampler (may have been called something more fancy) - The fried spring rolls, as I mentioned, were delightful and perfectly fried so that they were crispy on the outside, soft and piping hot on the inside.  I'm always amazed when I eat something so small that has so many flavors packed into it.  The pork wontons were also delicious, although i feel there was a bit too much wonton and not quite enough pork.  This is often the case with wontons, however, so they are forgiven.  As I mentioned, the fish cakes were phenomenal to the point where if I had been in a less adventurous mood, I may have just ordered 10 of those and called it a night.  Throw a little of their delicious spicy red pepper sauce on and you've got yourself one heck of a fried frenzy!  TBC
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,4/19/2011,5000,240,44,66,58>This place has always been my little secret that I didn't want to share with the world, but with 180 reviews and numerous write-ups in various local publications - I might as well throw in my two cents and call it a day.  I've been frequenting this establishment since 1997-98 and it has to be one of my all-time favorite places to eat.  Period.  Service has always been prompt, the food amazing and plentiful for great value!  The only downside is the cramped seating situation.  The place isn't all that large and you will find yourself elbow to elbow with your fellow patrons. No matter what I order here, one of those dishes will be the Cumin Lamb. It is definitely one of my favorite dishes ever!  One of my friends always teases me that we should order two of them because I just plow through the plate!  Other favorites include:  Hot Pot, Pork with Bittermelon, Hot Chicken (that's what it's called), Pepper Pork (thinly sliced jalapeno), Green Onion Pancake and the steamed or fried dumplings which comes 20 to a plate for $5.  Oh, one can't overlook any of their fried rice options - damn tasty!I would love to hit this place for lunch or dinner today, but being Chinese New Year today I don't want to fight the masses of people that will pack this place.  Maybe I should place an order to go instead!Gong Hay Fat Choy!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2011,4/18/2011,609,878,15,15,13>After 12 days of ignoring a burger craving that could rival those of a pregnant woman, I finally gave in and decided that, yes, I did in fact need a burger. Sadly, Uneeda burger didn't cure me of this craving in quite the way I wanted - rather than a "that hit the spot", I was left simply not wanting another burger in the foreseeable future.While I came in wanting a simple burger, I saw the menu and instead opted for the #8 (crimini & porcini mushrooms, shallots, black truffle salt, and gruyere) with the grass-fed wagyu patty, and an order of waffle cut fries. Some 10 minutes later, the gal working the register brought over my burger, to my slight disappointment - I was expecting something a bit more visually substantial, a la Lunchbox Labs.But, digging in, I found that the flavors weren't too bad, and, while subtle, one could definitely taste the black truffle. Unfortunately, the wagyu didn't particularly stand out, the patty was definitely not a medium/medium rare (there was no pink), and the bun tasted like a generic sesame bun you'd get at a fast-food chain. And the fries, while fried well, were over-salted to the point of being inedible.And so, while I was certainly disappointed over having dropped $15 that could have been spent at LL instead, what baffled me more was the fact that I noticed at least two people at two different tables around me taking their first bites, eyes opening wide, and O-facing - I couldn't help but wonder why I was deprived of such base pleasure.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,4/17/2011,325,469,10,16,14>My New Years resolution for this year is to drop by Fremont Wine Warehouse at least every other week.  Maybe even once a week?  In a perfect world I would actually be there every day!  Maybe numerous times a day!  Michael (the owner) is just that awesome, his selection is that amazing, and the prices that reasonable that there's no reason not to visit all the time!I hosted an event last week where I was in search of a nice selection of wine for a reasonable price.  I was in touch with a few different wine stores, browsed the selection at Costco, and asked my fellow Yelpers for advice.  While all searches proved to be helpful, it wasn't until I checked out FWW that I found exactly what I was looking for.  Michael listened to what I wanted and provided some excellent suggestions.  I had so much faith in him that I bought 3 cases of a white he recommended... I didn't know anything about it!  Never tasted it!  I almost immediately had buyer's remorse and went to a store immediately to buy a bottle to make sure I hadn't made a horrible decision.... and.... nope.... his recommendation was spot on.    I placed the order over a week before the event (although typically less time is needed) and Michael was perfect with following up.  He emailed me instructions on how to pick up the wine (where and when) and sent confirmation that the orders were placed and received.  He was also incredibly accomodating to my schedule and made sure everything was ready for pick-up as I had a billion other things to do that day.The one thing I regret?  I ran in and out of his store and said about 10 words to him.  I wish I would have had more time to talk to him and browse his selection.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,4/16/2011,254,643,9,11,10>Dear Pintxo:You have won me over.  I don't even miss Txori.  I can honestly say I wasn't going to anyway.Your space is so cheerful and colourful.Your service is superb.You serve bacon wrapped dates and while I don't partake in the pig, I'm assuming they're really good judging by the happy faces and grabby hands.Your sangria is tasty tasty.Your choice of music is great.Your space is ridiculously cute and that, in my book, is a WIN.Your happy hour looks fantastic and yes, I will be partaking in that for sure.So thank you for not disappointing me.  I always thought that space was cursed, but whatever you guys did, it's WORKING!Keep it up, and see you soon.Love,Lily.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,4/15/2011,87,262,9,11,9>The first time I came here, I walked in and a lovely woman was chopping coconut and said, "Would you like to try some coconut milk? We make it fresh daily." And then she handed me a cool white mug with three sips in it. Delicious. I ordered the coconut almond smoothie with bananas and blueberries added. I walked around and picked up various bites and healthy bits. I tried to hide my envy. A life surrounded by bright, OCD organized shelves, fresh foods, nutritious ingredients and friendly people.Now, I stop in once every couple of weeks (I'm attempting homemade versions) and continue to observe the ways in which this happy healthy haven operates. A frustrating day at the office leaves me daydreaming about being behind the counter there, chopping coconuts and sipping fresh coffee - handing a free sample over that will make someone's day.Healeo is a brilliant and magnificent environment. One that I hope makes a second home in Lower Queen Anne someday so that I may enjoy it more frequently... or perhaps just fill out an application for!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2007,12/4/2007,44,119,7,6,7>This is a cool looking bar (nyuk nyuk nyuk!!)...  we came here for lunch a couple of days ago...  in fact, I think we were their first official lunch customers!  They're still getting details sorted, but I was glad to finally see the bar for myself, since I was having trouble picturing the ice...  for some reason, I thought the whole bar would be made of ice...  but no...it's actually  a wide strip set in a stainless (I think) surface... pretty neat, and I really liked the way the ice is formed around the beer taps (double dog dared Sean to lick it to see if we'd have a Christmas Story moment, but he wasn't inclined...pfft!).We sat in the bar area, and I can't say the stools were excessively comfy.  They were super spinny, but once you manage to clamber on, you're set.  They appear to have a non skid surface, so no danger of sliding off accidentally (um, yes..it has happened to me)... no matter how drunk you are!  Yay!  We placed our orders, then took ourselves for a little tour of the place.  There's a VIP room that I believe you can get for no fee if you spend a minimum of $500 on drinks and food for 4-6 hours (can't remember exactly)?  That's not too shabby for a decent sized group.  And bonus of all bonuses:  You can rent their Wii!!! Fun times!  The dining area isn't huge, but the decor is nice and clean.On to our lunch!Two of us had the Grilled Salmon Ciabatta with garlic aioli and tomatoes.  It was pretty darned yummy...  there was a generous portion of salmon (the description said it was sea salt crusted, but I thought it could have been a little saltier.)Two had the Stuffed Chicken Sandwich with smoked chicken, jack and cheddar cheese, roasted peppers and honey mustard.  They were MIGHTILY pleased...  nothing left on those plates!!!B had the Blue Cheese Burger.  When he bit into it, he discovered a big hole in the middle of the burger.  I figure they must've stuffed a frozen chunk of blue cheese compound butter in the patty before cooking, and it just melted into the meat.  YAY for butter!!!  B was of the same opinion, and devoured his lunch.All of our sandwiches came with "shoestring" fries.  They were actually more like threads.  They looked cool and tasted good, but I wouldn't really call them fries.  They were pretty tricky to eat, and I kept worrying that crispy bits would land in my hair as I bit into them. All in all a good experience, and I'll definitely go back when I can sample their extensive vodka selection.  Perhaps a HH someday soon!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2007,12/2/2007,400,699,26,16,16>When it comes to my reviews, I try to entertain you, dear Yelpers. On this one, I was torn between two, so I will post both, and you can decide which one you like. Enjoy!#1:Hey, yeah - I wanna sloop, babyHere I go, here I go, here I go again (again?)Yelp, what's my weakness? (Beer!)Ok then, chillin', chillin', mindin' my business (word)Yo, Scott K, I looked around, and I couldn't believe thisI swear, I stared, my Joel M my witnessThe bar had it goin' on with big ass beers...uhWicked, wicked (oooo) - had to kick itI'm not shy so I asked for the literA drunk? No, that don't make meI slurped it like a beer should beCame to my senses and I chilled with my beer for a bitDon't know how you do the voodoo that you doSo well it's a spell, hell, makes me wanna sloop sloop sloopSloop sloop ba-doopSloop ba-doopSloop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doopSloop ba-doopSloop ba-doopSloop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop#2:So in that off chance if/when Hell freezes over, and I get married again, I will be faced with the daunting task of the reception. When I think wedding reception, I think Sloop. Cause honestly folks, nothing screams sophisticated upper crusty class like cheap 1 liter beers, pool, pretty tasty bar food, Big Buck Hunter, sports and drunk old geezers!Actually, I'd probably save myself a bundle
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2007,12/1/2007,1785,805,15,13,12>*Those whole wheat fig newtons in bulk*Medjool dates in bulk- SCORE!*Proscuitto and other cured meats that are TO DIE FOR- don't be afraid to sample away- they encourage it!*Bomb- ass olive antipasto/ olive bar*The only DECENT salad bar in the city*Essential bakery bread*Soy cheese in several varieties- yes, this is a good thing people!*Tony's Fair Trade Coffee*Fair trade espresso bar*Jolly Roger Christmas Ale- 'tis the season!These are the things I have a hard time finding at most markets.Honestly, you'll pay a bit more at the Ballard Town & Country Market, but ain't nothin' better than a local business with happy employees, an excellent sushi selection, and free booze 24/7!****Disclaimer: This reviewer lies on a regular basis. Please disregard anything she writes involving 'boiled goat urethras, free booze, and Tina Yothers.***PS- everything else but that 'free booze thingy' is spot on, I tells ya!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,11/30/2007,502,444,22,18,17>I like to make pancakes on Sunday mornings. I am robotic about it. I plug in the ipod, I grind coffee beans, wash out the press, start the water to boil and then get down to biznass with the batter. I fry them in butter - no Pam, no canola oil. BUTTER. Then I serves them up with some mo' butta. Cakes fried in a pan. Cake for breakfast. Yay.I rarely break tradition, but when I do it's to come here. Sundays are the only days to come - just after the first church service lets out. It's all big hats and matching dresses, men decked out in their best suits from Leroy's down there on Pike, gospel pouring out as freely as the coffee, and pancakes flying out of the kitchen faster than you can say amen. Yeah baby - the Silver Fork is hot on a Sunday morning.Have yourself a Delight, or a Special Treat, or a Deluxe Treat with a big old bowl of creamy grits and a stick of butter. Don't want breakfast? Have a SOUL BURGER baby! Big old patty, hot link, bacon, cheese...yeah....Mama loves the hood.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,11/29/2007,53,57,11,11,10>The Jersey Shore on Mescaline....Without a doubt the genuine heart of Belltown. They keep it so real here that you feel you might not be worthy sometimes.$2 PBRs (Sometimes $1 and I can never really peg the happy hour) Plus great Hot Dogs served by one of the most Tattoo'd staff in Seattle....
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,11/28/2007,26,62,7,7,11>The bookstore is closed.*The poems have slipped outThe poems have escapedAll the pages are blankUntil the morningWhen the poems tuck themselves back inFor another day's work.---* I do not mean that this business is literally permanently closed.  This line is merely my poetic imagery.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,11/27/2007,59,142,7,14,11>A real guy likes the smell of saltwater and axle grease together. He likes the smell of new motor oil. He'd tell you the new Dodge Charger is no muscle car, at least not in appearance, and that the last of the real Chargers were years 1968-69. He could probably tell you the year of just about any given American car between say, 1920 and 1980. He likes old and new locomotives, old harbor tug boats, nautical antiques, and ghost towns. He likes to fix stuff himself and he likes bicycling. He's attentive to his woman / wife and sensitive and romantic enough to tear-up at a poignant part of a good love story but prefers a good action or Sci-Fi film. From childhood, he either wanted to be a fireman, a policeman, James Bond, or all the above. Of course, the term "real guy" is purely subjective and the preceding is not necessarily the opinion(s) of Yelp (tm), its members or its visitors.Okay, so I like all the above and that's why I love the Terminal 91 Bike Path because at one point on the path, you have a working rail yard on one side and Elliott Bay on the other. In fact, the Terminal 91 bike path starts at part of a rail yard staging area and ends up at Elliott Bay Park. There, you have more rail yard on one side, the beautiful park where you are, and a 180 degree view of the Puget Sound's Elliott Bay on the other. But the bike path doesn't actually end there, Elliott Bay Park is joined at the hip with Myrtle Edwards Park and bike path, and continues on to the Sculpture Park and Pier 70 where you can pick up the waterfront bike path. How's this for a ride:From Ballard, my route took me south on 22nd Ave NW which after Market Street,  intersects with  Ballard Ave NW. I followed Ballard Ave. NW to NW Ballard WY where I hung a left. At 15th Ave. NW, I hung a right and headed south on The Ballard Bridge's west sidewalk. Once you get across the ship canal (good view), you can't help but take a right on W. Emerson St. That's just dandy though because you follow that up to Gilman Ave W. (I used the sidewalk)  where I took a left. I headed south on Gilman in the bike lane and took a right on 21st Ave W. I followed 21st Ave, W., past Thorndyke Ave W., to where 21st finally ends at the First Student school bus parking lot. This is where the Terminal 91 Bike Path begins, at the foot of Magnolia. Now, those of you from or familiar with Seattle may be asking yourself with some impatience, why didn't you just walk your bike across the Ballard Locks to Magnolia and take Commodore Way to Emerson St.?...You idiot! Well, I tried that twice and discovered that tourist season is still going strong. You may imagine the colorful metaphors that went through my head as tourists cut me off to get ahead of me in line waiting to go when the gate was closed and you could cross.So, for you bicycle enthusiasts, "real men" and women who enjoy the above, I highly recommend this bike path. It is nature, industry and art in one great trail and the bike overpass is fun because it kind of reminds me of an old style roller coaster.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,11/25/2007,204,297,15,14,13>Elliott's doesn't just have whole Dungeness crab, they have whole Dungeness crab service.  This means that it comes pre-scored for cracking (a nice help, especially if you want to consume the crab in under an hour), you are provided with a bib which you may or may not choose to wear, but I say do it (in my family, we call the adult dinner bib practice "doing a Posner" after our friend Terry Posner, who apparently did it all the time even when it wasn't necessary at all), and after you're done, the waiter does this semi-spa treatment to your messy hands involving lemon and saltine crackers.  It's almost as good as a manicure, I swear.  All this and the crab is fabulous, too.  Of course Elliott's oysters are their signature item.  There are at least a half dozen types to choose from on any given night, and they are served with a champagne mignonette (a light, partially frozen spicy sauce) which is now my gold standard seasoning for oysters.  I tasted an oyster at the bar once, and the Shucker chided me for not chewing it enough!  He was right, though, so now I give my shooters a gnaw or two before they go down the hatch.I almost always order Elliott's cioppino.  It is the best I've had outside of my own (if I do say so myself!).  Clams, scallops, salmon, crab AND a few extra king crab legs sticking out, too.  It's pretty messy, so you know, don't feel shy about asking for a bib.  Posner would be so proud!Happy hour includes very good prices on food and beverages.  My favorite is the Peppar Vodka oyster shooter.  It's a snack and a beverage in one!  A Snackerage, if you will.  The bar is sunny and has a bit of a view of the water, so it's especially nice in the summer.  Elliott's is one of my favorite places to take out of towners for a nice seafood fix.  The service, food, and wine are consistent, classy, and delicious, so it's a perfect special occasion spot.  Valet is free, even if you are just there for happy hour.  Just pull up at the valet sign, get your ticket validated by the hostess, and tip the runner a few bucks.  It's a pretty large place and can accommodate lots of diners, but definitely make a reservation if you're going on a Friday or Saturday.  And be sure to chew your oysters!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,11/24/2007,188,480,16,10,9>When I picked up the coconut cream pie for my boss' birthday, I thought Tom Douglas had a lot of f*ckin' nerve charging $30 for a pie PLUS a $5 plate deposit (What? Is a foil pie plate too trashy for you, Tom????).Then I had a piece of said pie this afternoon and, ohmyGod.If I had a first born, I would promptly hand it over. Want a credit card? Some blood, a kidney? Sure thing.Seriously, one of the most amazingly delicious experiences of my life.AND I DON'T EVEN LIKE COCONUT CREAM PIE!!!!!Damn you, Tom Douglas.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2007,11/23/2007,63,128,12,6,4>On Sunday I saw the most surreal thing. I was headed to Gasworks to lie in the sun and read my book when I heard barely audible strains of Y-M-C-A by The Village People. I looked up and lo and behold saw before me The Duck. The driver, a man of about 45 or 50, was gesturing wildly to the music in the traditional style (Y, then M, then C, then A, all with your hands) and waving his arms back and forth in between choruses and singing open-mouthed and earnest like a dead serious competitive high school cheerleader. Behind him were 40 people of various ages sitting stock-still and looking BORED. I stared for as long as the traffic light would allow and then watched them cruise by. The sound of one lone duck whistle, blown halfheartedly by a bored child of ten, serenaded me at their passing. It was like a scene from The Graduate, heartbreaking and ironic.That being said, I took my retired parents on a Duck ride when they came to visit me here the first summer I moved to Seattle. My mom had fun. My dad kept asking about the beer I promised would be served.I'll add two more stars if they start serving beer.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,12/2/2010,35,49,12,12,11>Wonton City is a hole in the wall noodle shop that is small and has no decor except for a small TV that plays non-stop Cantonese drama from the 80's.  It serves deliciously authentic Cantonese shrimp wonton / dumpling noodle and congee. It reminds me of the noodle shops and "tea restaurants" I frequented in the tiny alleys of Causeway Bay back when I lived in Hong Kong.  It is unpretentious, exist for the sole purpose of selling fresh handmade wontons with al dente egg noodles in steaming hot soup.The owner, an old Cantonese lady is also the chef and often the cashier and waitress.  Needless to say, she is extremely busy which may be the reason why she never smiles, EVER. Service is not the focus, in fact most customers understands that so they help themselves to a table, order from memory (the menu is quite small), eat, then pay cash on the way out the door in the most efficient manner. Due to this Asian efficiency, even though the restaurant is quite popular, I never had to wait for long since the table turn over is fast. I highly recommend this place for a quick and no fuss lunch either by yourself or with a small group (no more than 6). And did I mention that it's cheap...err...I mean economical.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,12/1/2010,96,281,21,11,13>A sermon - (audience participation in brackets):When God cries, his tears fall to earth in the form of Daily Dozen Doughnuts - small gems of divine perfection blessing our souls with His piping-hot guidance and sweet, sweet truth.  [AMEN]  When I look into that grease-stained paper bag, I know I'm saved - I know in those wonderful drops of God-tears, I hold perfection [PERFECTION], I hold peace [PEACE] I hold eternity [AMEN].  And even though I only ordered a half-dozen, I received seven [SEVEN], proof that miracles happen [MIRACLES], proof that even the most wretched of us are worthy of His grace [GRACE].  These doughnuts - with a perfect crust, and a center that is just undercooked enough to still be *sinfully* moist and indulgent - prove to me that God is great, that he is kind, and most of all, that Daily Dozen is doing His good, good work.  Amen.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,11/29/2010,262,106,9,13,12>Let me preface this review by stating that coming across a single person who is wholly devoted to their passion and it shows in their work - is a rare gem. Now coming across an entire family that feels the same way? Fantastic!I've loved each and every one of my visits to this little pseudo winery tasting room tucked in the back of a warehouse district. The winery is run solely by members of the Facelli family and watching them intermingle during tastings is an enjoyably spectacle.Five George Washington's will get you a tasting that can later be used towards the purchase of a bottle. And when the price of each bottle is never more than $25, it helps relieve the guilt that purchasing a not-so-necessary bottle of wine brings.Of all the wines they produce, I'd say the Barbera makes for a fantastic dinner pairing. (This coming from someone who is still having trouble falling in love with red wines.) The Pescaia white table wine is a great all-around white for multiple uses and the Late Harvest Riesling is wonderful for after dinner duty. Not ridiculously sweet, but just right.Whenever I find my way out in the Woodinville area, I'll come up with some excuse to stop by and try some wine. The wine is great and the people selling it are even better.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,11/27/2010,37,191,14,29,17>Me:  Are you open this evening?Owner:  Yes.Me:  Do you have kitfo on the menu?Owner:  Yes.Me:  Do you have air conditioning?Owner:  Yes.Me:  Do you take credit cards?Owner:  Yes.Me:  Sounds good!Owner:  What is your name?Me:  Uh...  Scott?Owner:  What time are you planning on coming?Me:  Um... around 7pm?Owner:  See you then.We arrive, and the owner greets us and shows us to a table reserved just for us, as close as can be to the air conditioner.  It had been a hot day; yet we needn't have worried as the entire restaurant was cool and comfortable.The menu is fairly standard for Ethiopian, yet a couple of things stuck out: shiro, a delectable concoction of pea flour, onions and spices; and a lot of tibs dishes.  Tibs are grilled or sauteed morsels of lamb, beef, or chicken - Altaye offers all three.  Eat at enough Ethiopian restaurants and you'll know that U.S. restaurants specializing in tibs are a rare find.  We ordered the kitfo (raw) - because I was in serious need of a kitfo fix; chicken tibs, beef tibs (both medium spicy), and the vegetable combo. All dishes were cooked to order, which took ~25 min. but was waaay worth it!  They make everything themselves, and the entire meal was cooked to perfection.  All of the meat was tender and flavorful, as were all the veggie dishes.   The injera (bread-as-utensil) and ayib (homemade cottage cheese) etc. were also standouts.  My only regret was that I got full on kitfo (I was the only one at our table who likes it raw) and didn't have enough room for the beef tibs, which are some of the best I've ever had.  This meal was a home run on all fronts - not a single dud on the plate.The owner and a helper both provided wonderful service throughout the meal.  In fact, we felt like we were honored guests in someone's home.I've been enjoying Ethiopian food since my Washington DC days 20+ years ago.  I have eaten at many fine establishments in DC, in Seattle, and many others in-between.  As of tonight, I have a new favorite Ethiopian restaurant in Seattle.  If you like Ethiopian cuisine, you should get over to Altaye as of yesterday.Highly, highly recommended.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,11/26/2010,57,257,11,8,5>Hi everyone.  My name's Jon and I'm an addict.I'm addicted to Pies from the Australian Pie Company.This is really starting to become a problem I can see.  I'm not kidding.  If I'm within 5 miles of Burien - I'm making a b-line to head in for the Aussie Pie Co. now.  Went here twice last week.  Damn I love these pies.  So good.  So filling.  Hits the spot every time.  If this keeps up, I'm going to have to find some sort of a treatment program...There might need to be an intervention...
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,11/25/2010,20,114,6,12,8>I had an awesome time at Olympus Spa today with my girlfriends. It is a slightly American version of the Korean Jim Jeel Bang. We arrived before 10:00 am and they was a short line at the counter. It is $35 for the entry pass which gains you access to the heated rooms and stream pools. You must also put down collateral for your locker room key which is your choice of $5 cash or keys. The spa provides you with two towels, a robe, and shower cap. Unfortunately, you must wear the shower cap at all times (except in the shower), but it is nice because you don't see hair all over the place. The front desk rep Eumy gave us a tour the the facility and was very helpful. The spa is really clean! My friends and I were very impressed with the overall appearance of the establishment on plan on going again. They have several heated rooms like salt, charcoal, sand, etc. They also have a very hot room where you can only stay for five minutes, but to be honest compared to the hot room in Korea is wasn't really "hot" to me. My friends were not use to the heat and could only stay for a few minutes. Olympus Spa also has a few cool rooms so you can cool down after spending time in the hot rooms. There is a lounge area where you can sit and chat while getting your feet massaged.The shower area with the pools is also very nice. They have a mugwort pool if you want to shower yourself with this aromatic. The spa also has some shampoo, conditioner, and body wash at all shower stations. Hairdryers and sterilized hair brushes are also provided at the vanity counter. The nice thing is that it wasn't too loud. There is a whisper policy at the spa so it was nice and relaxing. Because we went early on a weekday, the spa was not crowded so we could still chat in the rooms when there were no other occupants. I think it would be a great place to spend time with your girlfriends and pamper yourself for the day. I'll check out the tea room the next time I go. After the whole experience, I felt like I could fly away and I felt so clean.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,11/24/2010,65,92,9,9,9>You know a place is tops when you really miss going there.  Yellow Leaf's trademark Italian buttercream frosting?  Feck, yeah.  I miss going there.They cycle through 75 different flavors, and all of the ones I've had so far (maybe 25) are incredibly delicious.  Okay, granted that if you put Italian buttercream frosting on nearly anything, it will titillate the taste buds, but especially on YL's impossibly moist cakes where the sugar crisps on the top just so.  Some are even filled, which only adds to the euphoria.I can't really decide on a favorite, but I tend to lean toward the more unique flavors.  Earl Grey, White Chocolate Pretzel, Hazelnut Creme, and Peppermint Patty were some of my faves, so far.  They also have a little tea bar, and can sell you loose stuff.  If you come here for the tea, though, you have some seriously mixed up priorities, my friend.  It's all about the cuppies.  It's ALWAYS about the cuppies.  Cuppies that I'm missin' badly right now.PS. - Got a date?  Get two cakes and they'll be packaged in a two-seater cupcake carrier - super cute.  Plus, there ain't nuthin' sexier than a frosting mustache.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,11/23/2010,615,688,13,14,14>Where were you 3 years ago?!  Oh wait, you were right there.  I had no idea there was anything worth interest over in this part of town.  I lived around the corner and usually avoided this area.  Too many "charming" individuals during the twilight hours.But someone mentioned this place as a good place to grab a bite to eat and drinks prior to a show.  And how right they were!Happy hour on a Friday evening with a big full booth, a nice waitress and Olympic hockey on the screens.  I was happy.  We drank all over their menu.  Beer, shots, mixed drinks and dessert martinis.  Just enough to get me almost buzzed.  Yeah, it's so hard being a stiff drinking Irish woman.  The food was good.  Solid BBQ for a non-snob BBQ lover.  I'm sure someone from the birthplace of ketchup would find something to complain about.  But for me, with a wet whistle and a Jo Co show in the future, I was pleased.I'd order the hush puppies again, the wings and mac and cheese stood out.  The gumbo wasn't worth ordering.  The various sandwiches were all solid, nothing that made me drool.  But I love sandwich sharing at a table of buzzing fools!  So they were all nice to sample.  And the waitstaff was attentive, made sure to offer lots of happy hour treats, and knew when to let us just enjoy the drunky loveliness we were festering in.Thumbs up.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,11/22/2010,207,130,25,28,28>This is my 100th review, and I've chosen Bang Bang Cafe because it is my favorite.  It has taken me four years to get here, reviewing 99 businesses -- mostly restaurants -- across a range of quality, price points, service level, ambience, authenticity, hype ... for my fellow reviewers, you know the drill.  I've tried to be thoughtful in my reviews and, where appropriate, humorous.  A couple of B.S. reviews contribute to the local flavor, like of "Yelp Girl Collectors" (you know who you are) and of that lame congressman who brown nosed to the same BP execs who have polluted our gulf waters.  Yelp even pulled one because it violated the terms of service.  (If you have to ask, it was a tirade against the Seattle Center for jamming through a parking proposal that was detrimental to the disabled -- but this review isn't about that, or else it'd be another TOS violation.).   ;)Like the timeline I've described above, the route that I take to Bang Bang Cafe is similarly circuitous.  I travel from the Eastside down route 520 and cross the bridge, bypassing John Howie and the now-closed Artisanal.  My trip continues down I-5 and exits into downtown Seattle.  Numerous other restaurants roll by, restaurants that are delicious or are "destination places" or are both -- fabulous Restaurant Zoe; the burgeoning Tom Douglas mini-empire; romantic Chez Shea; great Chinese and Japanese  restaurants in the International District; the holy sandwich trinity of Paseo, Salumi, and Tat's; and countless others.  You can even glimpse the hustle and bustle of the never-boring Pike Place Market flit by.These are all a blur because I am determined to reach my destination:  Bang Bang Cafe for their breakfast burritos.  I first came here by way of John L.'s breakfast Yelp events (just click on the Events tab above), where I had the pleasure of breaking bread with John, Daren, Elise, Kimber, Nerick, Judy and Zak -- all are Yelpers.It was then that I tried the eponymous Bang Bang Burrito, and have been going back for this ever since.  The Bang Bang Burrito is filled with smoky roasted potatoes, beans, eggs and their secret, addictive ingredient -- a red sauce that is made of dried, ripened New Mexico chiles.  This red sauce has an Old-World, soulful, smoky taste that imparts a gradual heat that is nice at the beginning, but has me wiping my forehead at the end of my meal.  They wrap this in a flour tortilla, and top it with a bit of melted cheese and a combination of that same red sauce and their green sauce, which is made of the unripened chiles and has a milder, tangier flavor.  The nutty roasted flavor of an Americano plays well with that red sauce.I have had the briny, flash-then-fade spiciness of Korean foods all my life, and also enjoy the slow-building, lingering burn of certain Indian cuisines.  I've tried the searing sensation of Szechuan cooking.  But this soulful, flavorful build-up of heat is something that I could eat every day for the rest of my life.They have a vegan Mac 'n Cheese that is also delicious, with a smoky spiciness to it as well.  I wish I could tell you more about the other items on their menu, but I keep getting the same thing.Bang Bang Cafe is owned and run by two sisters, Yuki and Miki, who are friendly and cool, and who remember their customers -- even an old curmudgeon like me. The cafe's ambience is simple and clean, and is in a relatively quiet neighborhood.  The food and coffee are very reasonably priced. They also have free wifi, and parking (metered) is usually not that hard to find.One hundred is an arbitrary number.  But it feels nice to slow down, take a breather, and look around. I encourage you to do the same at Bang Bang Cafe.  And try that red sauce ... 'cause sweating is good for you.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,11/21/2010,595,1498,7,12,9>Green Leaf is one of my favorite Vietnamese spots around town. From the outside, this seemingly appears to be a hole in the wall. But the interior is an amazing contrast. Lounge music plays while you dine in this small intimate space.The menu here is great. Many of the standard dishes that you will find elsewhere, but with enough of a flair to separate itself. Green Leaf shows how a little extra effort on presentation can go a long way.Admittedly, I do tend to stay within my comfort zone of dishes here. The vermicelli is very nice. Not too warm or cool. The addition of what tasted like mint was refreshing. It has the right consistency, though I wished there was more of a noodle serving. The rice dishes are great here too as the grilled meats are prepared well.The space is a bit smallish, so be prepared for a wait if the place is full. Though it seems like they have a second floor of seating. At least it seems like it. Wonder where that staircase goes to? If you are looking for solid Vietnamese fare with a little flair, Green Leaf is your spot.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,9/9/2010,117,98,6,9,8>Review Cliffnotes:Top secret entrance: check!Cute guy checking IDs by candlelight: check check!Small cozy setting that lets you get away with sitting thisclose to your date: check!Strong, interesting drink options: check!Bathtub Gin & Co. is the kind of place I'd take a date I'm trying to impress. It's a little difficult to find but once you do, you feel like you entered a secret part of Seattle. I positively adore getting my ID checked by candlelight and a cute guy because who doesn't look good in a dimly lit room? The place is intimate (read: small) so don't come here if you're out with more than 2 other people. It defeats the whole purpose. The drink selection was quite interesting and certainly appeals to those who enjoy what I deem "old men" liquors like Gin, Bourbon, and Whiskey. I'm a vodka girl but I thoroughly enjoyed the spicy kick of the Mexican Sunrise.This is my new favorite place to start an evening out, as it encourages conversation while retaining a sense of privacy, a rarity in Belltown.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,9/8/2010,212,249,13,21,15>Red Star's pizza and breadstick boxes are freaking adorable.  (see photo)More importantly, they deliver to all parts of West Seattle -- Huzzah!!  Even the Alki/Admiral area!  Plus, the pizza is damn good.  Like, bubbly, tasty crust with rich cheese.  And the breadsticks are the best I've had since .. forever?  -- Pagliacci's are too salty and peppery.  These are deep dish, doughy, covered in herbs (not cheese) and absolutely delicious.  They also offer tons of dipping sauces (blue cheese, ranch, marinara, etc).Lastly, Red Star delivered to my apartment in 25 minutes.  They told me 35-45 minutes, and were there in 25.  Wow.  I will definitely, definitely be eating there again.  Exactly what a pizza lover needs.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,9/7/2010,615,688,6,12,9>Solid Thai take-out.  I haven't been thrilled with a lot of the take-out Thai in North Seattle.  Which was sort of sad considering the amount of Thai places around here.  But Bangkok Terrace is a higher caliber.  This is definitely my new place to run to when I want noodles.We usually order the staples.  A curry, phad thai, and thai fried rice.  It's all been consistently good.  They never skimp on the meat or forget parts of our order, which has been an issue with some of the other places. Keep up the great food!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,9/6/2010,416,153,24,16,18>Arriving just under the wire at their late-night happy hour, Christian and I flopped into the oversized leather love seat and gazed upon the deconstructivist, obviously hand-hewn wood-layered walls and the Flying Spaghetti Monster overhead lamp. So lost in reverie was he that I was formally tasked with ordering, and this I did, though insufficiently...because the kind of deliciousness Frank's dished out to us brought forth a ravenous and unquenchable passion.Soon after ordering we were issued a small constellation of plates. Upon each was centered a tiny, private galaxy of OH MY GOD THAT IS EXQUISITE. Truffle skins: slender chic ovals of heaven browned perfectly with fontina and truffle oil. I cry from gratitude. The oysters: a sweet and perfectly calibrated brine, salty and full-bodied. Probably Kumamotos but the best damn Kumamotos I have ever, EVER had; I think these were maybe home-schooled, virgin Kumamotos who were trained in the Suzuki method and allowed to paint during math class, and had a large wooden play structure in their lawn; they were divine, the oyster flesh white, plump and simply perfect. They arrived in a mote of celestial light, with much bustling-aside of cherubs, and were devoured summarily with Cujo-like restraint. Then the little fried clam strips, in a light Panko-like breading. I nearly genuflected to every plate I was smart enough to order, and am still lamenting every one I didn't have the foresight to request. God damn, Frank's, you complete me. I loosen my corset now, that I may swoon more fully in your direction.We are never NOT coming back.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,9/5/2010,472,197,5,10,5>This place is a great find for the special-diet folks, like me, trying to be gluten-free. Yesterday stood at Trophy, just seconds before self-medicating with a sugar-pile on top of a gluten cake full of sugar, I walked away. (Yay me for resisting temptation!) I went into Wheatless in Seattle on my way home and spent a good ten minutes trying to choose one of the many delicious looking items in the bakery case. After a few questions and a brief conversation with the owner about what was what and the ingredients, I chose the Peach pie (looks like apple pie). It was lovely, and she even heated it up for me and offered cream. Not a short time later, some special respberry orange sugar free muffins came out and I got one of those too. The natural sweetness was quite a treat because I didn't feel like crap afterward!I'll be back more and more!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,9/4/2010,76,510,9,11,9>Wilson C. and I were here for dinner recently. I've had this place on my list for years (forgot about it for a time and then remembered again) and drove by it countless times but finally was able to go. (Thanks, Stranger Mart coupon for $10!)It's located on Aurora and 78th, on the right side if heading south. After prime traffic hours, you can park right in front of the restaurant on Aurora. They do have several parking spaces, the driveway is just after the building. I missed it and drove around the block and parked up the hill. Upon entrance, it was empty. But reading my fellow yelper reviews let me know that's not a bad thing! The guy from the back came out immediately and was patient as we decided on our order (two Barrigona tortas and sodas), which came out to be about $11pp.And the bottle opener is attached to the front counter. lol.The tortas arrived quickly and he also brought over a tray of pickled peppers/carrots and a red, smokey sauce. The tortas were screaming hot, so we chatted as they cooled. I sampled the peppered stuff and smokey sauce and decided I liked them both.Four kinds of meat, some cheese, avocado, and veggies were between two layers of fluffy and toasty bread. It was definitely filling, so I'm glad I worked out before getting here.Shortly after we started in on the tortas, two groups of several people each arrived. We felt lucky to be before them because it took a bit longer for their orders to come out. :)I would certainly go back, I have my eye on the Argentina sandwich!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,9/3/2010,101,157,5,15,12>Wow this place is awesome. Stopped by for 'training' for their Operation Front line volunteering program, which teaches families, parents, kids and teens of low income families how to cook nutritious and delicious meals on a budget.What a great idea!  Instead of just giving out food, each class participant gets a great lesson in cooking and nutrition, then they get to help create a meal in class AND a bag of groceries to take home with them to practice.The people at training were great - nutrition majors, foodies, chefs all mingling in a philanthropic pow wow.  The training was hands on and interactive, and I really like Solid's Ground's focus on diversity, equality, respect and education as a way to help the community.Super cool place!  There was a cooking class going on with a room of kids and it smelled heavenly!   Look up Solid Ground's Operation Front Line if you love food and love volunteering!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2010,9/2/2010,595,1498,5,9,6>As you walk to the storefront of Bakery Nouveau on a weekend morning, you will ask yourself where the heck the long line is for this place. You will be surprised to see that it has formed inside the doors of the spot. Surprised that there is even space for all these people in such a small place. The word was long ago out on this place. It is one of the best bakeries in Seattle bar none.I had only been here once, so it was time for visit number two. The lines are really bad here, but the wait is worth it. Line seems to move fairly quickly. I am amazed that people actually sit at the tables to the side here given the large crowd. Not much ambiance unless you like close people viewing.Bakery Nouveau's main appeal are their pastries, but they also carry cakes, breads, cookies, chocolates and lunch items like pizza. They also serve coffee drinks here.Out of the abundant selection, I picked the smoked salmon and cream cheese pastry, two macaroons (coconut and raspberry), a piece of phoenix cake and an apricot danish.I have to say the salmon pastry is really good. It is the perfect savory morning treat. Thank goodness I had the sense to get the last one. The macaroons have a bold, complicated flavor. I had not tried these before so I always thought they would taste more like a shortbread cookie which is way off. Texture is almost candy like. If I could describe the word finesse in the form of food it would be a macaroon.The apricot danish was nothing short of great. Bakery Nouveau really excels with croissant dough pastries. The twice baked almond croissant is good also. But I think anyone could tell you that. Finally, there is the phoenix cake. I read that it has won high praise at a pastry competition, so it was worth a try to see what the fuss was all about.The phoenix cake is essentially a mousse cake with a small layer of sponge cake in the middle. I have to say this is one of the best dessert cakes I have had. It is also very well put together and nicely decorated. There is even a piece of chocolate on top of the cake with a little Bakery Nouveau sign on it.The prices here are some of the highest in Seattle but it is because of the high ended nature of this bakery. And they do make up for it in the quality and taste of the products. I like reviewing bakeries particularly because a four star bakery does not break the bank like a dinner at a high end restaurant would. And so, I have to say that Bakery Nouveau is my luxury bakery to indulge.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,9/1/2010,53,145,3,5,5>Fantastic Taiwanese food!  It pays to attend UYEs (Unofficial Yelp Events).  They are open to everyone, check em out.Getting to try 11 different delicious dishes - checkReceiving a free shaved ice dessert - checkNot having to wait 45 minutes for a table (we showed up late, just as the Yelp group got seated) - checkMeeting friendly Yelpers - checkHere's what we had:1.  Taiwanese Pork Burger ($3.25 each)braised pork belly, veggies, ground peanut, sugar, cilantro all in a steamed, folded, sweet bun.  Surprising flavors, super delicious!  2.  Beef Noodle Soup ($8.99) tasty broth, al dente, wide noodles, thick tender beef slices, yum!3.  Soft Tofu w/preserved duck egg: really flavor-packed, surprisingly and simply delicious4.  Three Cup Chicken ($10.95) Soy-flavored chicken w/fresh basil served in a clay pot.  Tasty, nice caramelized chicken, a bit dry/overcooked, there were bones to contend with.5.  Pork Stew over rice ($8.50 for a large) this wasn't a stew at all, it was flavorful, caramelized chunks of pork over rice with a nice sweet sauce. YUM6.  Sliced lamb w/BBQ sauce ($10.95) stir-fried w/pea vines. There were more greens than lamb, but the veggies were cooked well and the lamb tender and tasty.7.  Pork dumpling: we got this dish from the other Yelper table, it was really flavor-packed.8.  Clam Stir-fried w/basil ($10.95): eh, it was just ok, clams were chewy.9/10.  Sweet Potato flour pancake w/oyster, egg & veggies ($6.95) not my favorite, I prefer the more solid Korean seafood pancakes, this was goopy.  It was hard to distinguish any of the flavors in the goop.  The shrimp one ($5.50) was the same.11.  Shaved Ice w/taro, green been, red bean and tapioca on the house for been consistent customers, sah-weet.  You can ask for more shaved ice if your ice disappears faster than your toppings.  Definitely the best Asian shaved ice I've ever had.  The toppings were nicely sweetened, fresh and delicious.  The ice was light and flaky.  I'll definitely have to try the Mango Shaved Ice next time, I love mango.We split into two tables and ate family style.  The resident Taiwanese Yelpers took the reins and ordered for the table and explained that much of the menu represent the food stall/street food offerings in Taiwan.  It was fun to sample dishes I've never tried.  The food tended to veer toward sweet and saucy, but never overly so. This restaurant is tiny, I bumped elbows on all sides, even from behind!  Good thing it's closing to expand.  When it reopens, I'm bringing everyone I know!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,8/31/2010,325,469,10,20,21>Barolo serves half a lemon wrapped in cheesecloth with their Calamari.  It's a pet peeve of mine to get lemon seeds all over my calamari (or anything else I'm spritzing with lemon juice).  Any establishment that takes the care and thought into doing this automatically gets 5 stars!Beyond the attention to detail in regards to their lemon, everything about Barolo is darn near perfect.  Their ambiance is stylish, comfortable, and elegant, and the music choice is impeccable.  It's not the kind of music I would normally listen to, but it's very conducive to a mellow, laid back wine bar.  Similar to their sister restaurant List, their Happy Hour is divine!  Their menu is half off and they have $14 bottles of house red and white.  I continue to be amazed at the high quality of house wine they serve, and the price really can't be beat.  Their regular wine list is also divine.  The price points hit all income brackets and it's close to impossible to order a bad glass (or bottle).  My personal favorite is the Soave.  Their glass price is reasonable ($9 I think) and their pour is nice.  They're not super generous, but they're far from stingy).The food is also divine (and at HH prices, can't be beat)!  Their calamari (besides having the best lemon ever) is crispy, seasoned well, and is a very, very generous portion.  Their lamb burgers have always been cooked to perfection and are served on slightly toasted, impeccable ciabatta bread.  Their ravioli is hearty and comforting and is served with a slightly zesty marinara.  The rigatoni with veal ragu is probably my favorite menu item.  The ragu is so tender and melts in your mouth. Amazing atmosphere, fabulous food, and a winning wine list.  Throw in some great prices and I'm Barolo's No. 1 FAN!!  Can I move in?
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,1/23/2008,331,569,9,11,10>Quinn's leaves me wanting.  I want more fries.  I want all servers and bartenders to be as friendly and attentive as the staff at Quinn's.  And I want to move in and call that pretty space home.  I came here for drinks and knew I'd have to return to try something off their menu.  We showed up at Quinn's for dinner on a Tuesday night and were quoted a 25 minute wait, but within 5 minutes we were shown to our table upstairs.  Excellent.  Our server was quick to get to our table and take our drink orders and he was patient and helpful while I decided whether or not I should order something on the adventurous side or take the advice of yelpers and get fish and chips.  I decided on fish and chips and was not disappointed (although they don't have tartar sauce).  Fourteen dollars seems a bit steep, though.  I woke up craving their fries, so I know I'll be back soon.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2008,1/22/2008,131,175,9,15,14>This is a very special place for the coffee lover. It gets the reverence it deserves- treated with care by people who possess vast coffee knowledge.I came here last night to get a doppio cappuccino and some beans, and ended up drinking WAY TOO MUCH COFFEE late in the day. I think I ended up there for over an hour. And I'm much more knowledgeable about coffee now, too.Dismas, the owner and roaster was gone for the day, but Joe, the barista was super cool. He pulled a few test shots to get his grind right and made me my drink. MMMM so full bodied and chocolaty, with nice fruity brightness on the front of my tongue. It was made with the espresso gitano blend, so I ended up with a pound of that to take home.Then, to my delight, Joe demonstrated the clover machine, which produces a drip -style coffee (though far superior to drip)- and I got to try a Brazilian bean that won first prize at some competition. It was delightful. No acidity at all. I could drink that all the time.Then came the single origin chocolate. He just kept the samples coming. One with raisins, one with ginger, one with orange, one that was pure cacao. I was really blown away by the 75% bar, and if they had one to sell if would have come home with me too. What a great place.  Great service. Great coffee. Great chocolate. Yay!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2008,1/21/2008,122,165,13,14,10>Eight hungry swing dancers showed up at Piecora's one night after we found our regular haunt, the Elysian, closed for renovation. We walked into Piecora's and were greeted by the staff quickly. A basic pizza joint, Piecora's is surprisingly large, accommodating pairs, trios, and apparently octets.We sat at a corner table booth and perused the menu. With drink choices taken first, one of the swing dudes and I each ordered a Reed's Ginger Ale. The server told us there was no Reed's, only Canada Dry. Whatever. Hit us with the Canada Dry. Most everyone else asked for beer, though Piecora's was out of one order. Maybe because we were there after 10pm???Moving on, our group decided on food preferences. I can't eat gluten, and was disappointed the only item I could order safely was a salad. I asked for the house salad (greens, tomato, black olives, mozzarella, green pepper) and tried not to be cranky as my friends placed orders for cannoli, meatball sandwiches and pizza. My "ginger ale" showed up, and it was a fountain-poured drink which tasted eerily like Sprite. Swing dude with the other ginger ale order agreed with me. Oh, well, as long as we're not charged the more expensive Reed's price, no biggie. About five minutes later, my salad appeared. I picked out all the black olives and gave them to my olive-loving swing dance "sister" (we've been told we look alike). The salad greens looked fresh, though the pieces were quite big. The tomato didn't look so good, but when I'm starving I can be very forgiving. The meatball sandwiches, I was told by both gents who ordered them, were "ok." Two of the girls split 1/2 pizza, which they enjoyed. My sister, however, was not a happy dancer. The pineapple pizza slice she ordered was not served. Instead she received a cheese slice. When a member of our crew pointed this out, the server offered to bring some pineapple out, but my sister declined. Who wants cold pineapple plopped on top of the pizza? The cannoli she ordered...well, that never made it to the table, either. When the bill arrived, not only were we charged the more expensive ginger ale price, but my sis was charged for her invisible pineapple and cannoli. What's that about?All in all, the staff were certainly friendly, but that's not enough. I would be surprised if we return.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,1/20/2008,189,149,10,12,11>Why did it take me so long to come back here? Really... WHY?? This is such a great place to watch a movie... Here's my list of "why"s:1. 60' tall movie screen2. New releases now available (w/ the new digital formats of movies, they can print it on any film - meaning more to watch on IMAX)3. Comfy seats4. Popcorn and sodas don't cost an arm and a leg5. Cool atmosphere (you're at the Seattle Center guys!!)Check it out! You can even buy tickets online if it's not the day of showing.pacsci.org/imax
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2007,1/18/2008,219,1274,33,18,17>I can't believe I ate here.I didn't think I would actually eat what the words coming out of my mouth seemed to be requesting.It arrived.I ate it.  Somehow.A fellow yelper kept complaining about the wait staff rubbing him with her perky breasts.  Poor guy.  Let us all give him our sympathy.Expect violently drunk people to be seated next to you.  Expect their girlfriends to wink mischievously and have the guys glare at you malevolently.Expect to talk smack loudly to your dining comrades and laugh at them from taking 3am calls from their girlfriends.Expect to eat more than you anticipated. Expect very angry people outside demanding money and then screaming at you for not putting out.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2007,1/17/2008,1574,1166,25,37,29>The only thing consoling me after my bad trip, and my bad flight, was the fact that I had been so late getting to the airport I had to park at the expensive Sea-Tac garage. So, at least I didn't have to hassle with shuttles and I could just get in my car and drive straight to my bed. Yeah, right. My car battery was dead and I wasn't really sure of what to do....The ridiculously helpful parking lot attendant on the third floor offered to take me to Ken's Baggage. And, as I was following him to this improbable sounding place a few scenes from various after school specials flashed before me, but I was cranky and tired, and didn't know what else to do, and I figured that if anything bad were to happen to me at that point I really didn't care because at least then I wouldn't have to deal with making any more decisions. That was when we arrived at Ken's Baggage. Right on the baggage claim level of the airport. How had I never ever in my entire flying career seen this place? They offer all sorts of wonderful and wacky services! Need a slim jim?How about a freezer locker to store some fish?Need to send a fax?Rent a wheel chair?It's only two bucks to store a pocket knife with them. I just needed my car jumped and was told I could rent a battery from them. Luckily, I have jumper cables and the know-how to jump my own car, but still I was pretty relieved when they wheeled out the all-in-one "jumper unit" as opposed to the battery on a dolly I was picturing in my head. After lugging the heavy effin' thing up to the sixth floor, jumping my car with my alarm blaring at me, driving around the parking lot so the alternator could work its magic, I got the jumper unit back to them by getting the sky captains on the upper deck to watch my car. All in all, a pretty crappy experience, but it was totally worth it to learn about this little gem of a business inside the Sea-Tac airport.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,1/15/2008,478,401,20,19,16>The new Surgery Pavilion is gorgeous!!  They even have on-site parking for it so you don't have to walk 80 miles from the main UWMC parking lot (I HATE walking!).  Besides the beautifully appointed interior and state-of-the-art equipment, the staff was super friendly and comforting.  Plus, I never had to WAIT for anything or anyone.   Everything occurred on schedule, which is, like, a miracle in the hospital industry, is it not?  Oh and I should mention that the doctor was hot.After changing into my hospital gown, they gave me blankets that were heated in a special warmer oven thingy.  Awesome.  The IV wasn't too painful and I really appreciated the painkillers they gave me (Fentanyl rocks!  It's 80 times more potent than morphine.).  After the procedure, all I could remember was feeling giddy and giggling.  After that, I got nothing.  They gave me apple juice after I woke up and overall, I felt very taken care of by the staff.Minus one star because, well, they stuck a needle in me!  Wah.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,1/14/2008,34,128,11,11,10>My girlfriend and I just moved to fremont and by some kind of a miracle, we live about two blocks from Paseo. Since the place smelled really good and there were always people waiting in line when we walked by, I figured I would check them out on yelp and see what was up. HOLY SHIT, 96 reviews and a five star rating!!??!! Can't go wrong there, I thought. So when the GF mentioned that she would like to try it sometime, I replied "yeah, they got a great rating on yelp." After she finished laughing at me, she says "honey, I don't need yelp to tell me the place is good. I can see that by the way it smells and the amount of business they get." Well we tried it last night and OMFG it was so awesome. It really is amazing stuff and worth the drive, the wait and pretty much whatever else you have to do to get some. They have the best black beans I have ever tasted. I raved about how good they were so much last night, the GF suprised me with a pint of them waiting for me when I got home from work today. Oh yeah, somebody is getting lucky tonight!!!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,1/13/2008,44,28,35,19,15>Occasionally, in my life, I find myself with a whole day to do whatever I want with.  No obligations, no worries.  Even more occasionally, my good buddy Scott is having one of those days at the same time.  It's like the planets align, and poof!  The perfect day.  On this day, you can usually find me & Scott sitting in a canoe paddling in circles somewhere near the freeway, laughing our asses off and drinking a box of wine.  I had my first fishing trip on one of those days.  Never mind the gale force winds and rain, never mind the seaweed, never mind no fish whatsoever.  It was a fun day!  *warning* If you think it's a good idea to pull over into one of the Cat Tail swamp areas and pick one to smash over your friends head, look down to make sure you're not standing in a red ant pile.  According to Scott they don't bite. But according to my leg, they do.  They also like box wine.**NOTE** The R.O.U.S.'s that hang out on the shoreline and look sort of like a muskrat are called Nutria, and they are giant rats.  So if you think it's a good idea to pull over to the side to admire how "cute" they are for the better part of an hour, be sure to notice their RED teeth and very rat-like tail.  By the way, they don't eat strawberries no matter how many you throw at them.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,1/12/2008,74,138,11,10,11>I really try not to come here every day. I can see it from my work out the window and it's just too tempting - Fremont Coffee is charming and delightful and exactly what I want when I need to step away from work for a minute. Can I get a witness on lady-with-parrot that's there every morning? She's a regular, fo'sho.They must have the record for least amount of barista staff turnover. I suspect many of them are artists as well - I secretly want to quit my desk job and trade lives.They make fantastic coffee, and are very friendly to regulars. It is kindof hipster, but there are usually cute dogs hanging out on the porch so that's no big for me.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2006,7/23/2006,615,688,,5,3>$20 for a leather bag?  For everything in the store?  You've got to be kidding!I kid you not.  This store was a real find for someplace that gets lot of tourist foot traffic.  It's filled with leather wallets, luggage, handbags, duffel bags, you name it.  All priced at $20.  It's insane.  We asked the clerk why and it's basically that they get the wholesale at such a great price that they can afford to do this.  He also mentioned that because of it they get tons of new designs all the time.  This might just be the start of my new handbag fetish.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2006,7/22/2006,8,33,1,7,4>I was treated here for my birthday.  It was a wonderful meal, and the wine per dish picked out by their wine expert was excellent too.  He had picked out a sweet wine, which I normally would not drink, for one of the dishes, and it complemented the dish perfectly.  I was indulged to the seven course meal and was stuffed.  The wait staff was very friendly, and I don't think one table ever seated more than one party.  They use organic and locally grown foods.  The rabbit was tender and delicious.  The sorbet to cleanse your palate was a nice touch.  the chef comes out at the end of the evening and talks to the customers.This was the first place I had a champagne cocktail, and I fell in love.  I was afraid to try it at other places for fear of being disappointed, but I haven't.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2006,7/21/2006,53,307,5,10,7>Oh... this is another one of my naughty secrets. I like Yings. There, I've said it. I feel better already...Ok. Yings is absolutely not for everyone. It is what I call good bad chinese food. The stuff I order here is very americanized . I actually think they have other less americanized food but, I go here for the "bad" stuff! Pretty much I always get the Yings special which has bbq pork fried rice, bbq pork chow mein with crispy noodles (you know, the kind that come in a can), almond chicken, bbq pork, and sweet and sour chicken (it comes with sweet and sour pork but I always ask to substitute it with chicken.)You can get the chow mein with soft noodles as well but I really like to do it right when I come here!The veggies are plentiful and fresh in the chow mein so that is good. The sauce on the almond chicken is a little bitter and I wish it was better but I get it anyway.I always get take out. Ok. Once I ate there but it was a mistake.They do have a wide selection of old magazines to read and the service is really quick. They do deliver though it takes a while so don't wait until you are starving if you are having it delivered.There is PLENTY of parking so no need to worry about that.If you like good bad chinese food, give it a try. Or, if you want an adventure. Life really isn't complete unless you've been to Yings!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2006,7/19/2006,53,99,7,6,4>The Keg has the strangest marketing strategy I have ever encountered at a restaurant. Interestingly, I was there with my boss, who is a marketing professional while I am her assistant, so I feel qualified to comment on the marketing tactics they employ. We went there for lunch, and as the hostess seated us, she asked if either one of us had been there before. I hadn't, therefore I guess that made me some kind of Keg virgin.Before we had a chance to peruse the menu, the manager came by to "welcome" me with a giant martini glass filled with cocktail prawns. For free! He also left his business card, which seemed odd, and gave me a whole spiel about the place. Maybe they were trying to drum up some more business. Nonetheless, we enjoyed the free prawns, which weren't tiny like Sea Monkeys, either. I ordered a spicy chicken sandwich with fries while my boss had a bacon and mushroom burger. Both sandwiches were decent, both served with a heap of fries. During the meal, a server (not our server) came by, also to "welcome" me to the place. She said something to the effect, "I see we have a first-timer here." I was suddenly expecting a whole team of servers to break into song and dance, a la Red Robin, as I've never had such a welcoming experience. By now, my boss and I were rolling our eyes at each other, wondering out loud if this particular marketing strategy was effective. As we were finishing our meals, the manager came back to check on us. Again, his persistence seemed odd, and then we just became suspicious of the behavior. He jived us a bit for not finishing the free prawns. I'm guessing they want customers to tell other people about the free prawns to get them into the restaurant, but it takes more than free prawns to win me over. In retrospect, I'm thinking it may just be some pyramid scheme that starts with the prawns. But I can't be sure, because I don't ever see myself going there again. Not that the food was bad, because it was good. But mainly on principle for trying so hard. Yikes!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2006,7/18/2006,188,480,,3,2>Hubbie and I stopped here today because I was intrigued by the drive-by and then encouraged, but forewarned, by fellow Yelpers. Good news: the food was great. Chris had a panini with artichokes, red peppers and feta, and I had the hot lunch special which was spinach and feta in phyllo that came with a salad and yummy rice. I didn't touch the salad so I can't comment, but the rice and hot dish were quite good. Chris' panini was really terrific. Minor downsides were that service was very slow (one poor server running her butt off) and Chris' french fries were lukewarm (such a french fry killer). Once the server finally got our order, the food did come very quickly. The menu was enticing enough that we'd go back again but probably only for lunch. Lunch for two with drinks - $20. Not too shabby.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2006,7/17/2006,225,41,2,3,4>If I had a date that evening, it would have been the perfect place to go for dinner. I did meet up with an ex later that night - ugh, don't ask - but this would have been the spot to take a loved one, a hoped-for loved one, or maybe like a good romp in the hay. Okay, let's go romantic and say loved one.So, it was a work dinner. But, man, it was an amazing work dinner. The wine selection was very pleasant, they kitchen staff was sensitive to my dietary needs (okay, dietary pickiness), and while it was a pre-designated dinner, it was amazing.The main course was short ribs on horseradish mashed potatoes. Good short ribs fall off the bone, and these fit that bill. You know it's a good meal when everyone leaves with that food coma look in their eyes, and we all had it from the many courses and the truly great chocolate desert.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2006,7/16/2006,11,40,,4,3>Fantastic!!!  Great drinks, great service, and great food...what else do you need.  Even though the restaurant is quite large, it still maintains a sophisticated, warm feeling.  The food is family style so be prepared to share.  I'm from the SF Bay Area and Wild Ginger is definitely near the top of my list in terms of asian cuisine.Go early and spend time in the upstairs bar and definitely try the Key Lime martini.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2006,7/15/2006,29,138,8,7,7>First, full disclosure: I'm a regular here.  The kind of regular who brings 3 homemade quiches to the World Cup final.  And knows all the bartenders and most of the folks in the place on any given night.  But I'll defend to the death my right to review this bar anyway, because it is a pleasure to write a review of a place that rocks as hard as The Old P rocks.The Old P isn't the kind of place you take someone on a first date if you want to impress them with your knowledge of fine vintages, imported smoked meats, and twee delicacies.  But if you want to impress someone with your appreciation of that great American institution, The Friendly Neighborhood Bar, this is where you bring them.  Because, in my humble opinion, the Old P is the finest example of The Friendly Neighborhood Bar in all of Seattle - perhaps all of Western Washington.The drinks are strong, and the well pours are inexpensive.  (And please don't be an idiot.  This is not the place for a Kir Royale or a Pink Lady or a Lillet Cocktail.  This is the place for "liquor and."  You know.  Gin and tonic.  Vodka and soda.  Rum and Coke.  Maybe a greyhound or a sex on the beach, if the bartender is in a good mood.)They serve a nice selection of beers on draft.  The pint of Guiness can be terrific if the gas is working right and you get there after the first couple of pints of the day have been poured.  (It's okay to ask for another, if yours is the first of the day, and hence a little off.)The bar food is adequate, except for their Irish Nachos, which are a thing of freakin' beauty.  Perfect soakage, perfectly prepared, and enormous.The jukebox is one of those elctronic download thingummies, which is a mixed blessing.  A hand-picked jukedbox (think The Five Point) can lend a signature touch to a place and really set a tone.  But being able to play pretty much anything from Al Green to Wayne Toups to the Commodores to ZZ Top to Eminen (and Bush, and Train, and Moby, and Janis and Jimi and the Flaming Lips - not to mention the Drive-By Truckers) doesn't suck.  Just please don't play the 23 minute long cut from "Kind of Blue," or someone is likely to hurl a beer at you.  (Oh - and I think there's no Bruce because of some sort of licensing deal.)But the real beauty of The Old P isn't what you can get to eat and drink.  It's the atmosphere you're eating it and drinking it in.  This is a place where truly, all are welcome.  The regulars include fishermen, attorneys, photographers, administrative assistants, realtors, construction workers, retail managers, moving men, activists, left-wingers, right-wingers, freaks, hippies, and not a few folks some might call bums.  If you've got the money for a drink and don't throw up, piss yourself, hurl invective, or fall asleep at the bar, you can pass the time of day here and feel right at home.  There's always someone around to strike up a conversation with, or you can just watch the game (or Sci Fi TV or the cooking channel) in companionable silence.  If you want to play pool or darts, head upstairs.  I think they even have Pac Man.  Or is it that centipede game?  At night, the crowd changes, and there are bands (generally pretty good ones) and a more youthful, pick-up-y attitude prevails.  But during the day, save for the fact that youngsters aren't allowed, this is the closest you can come in the USA to a real pub, old-school UK style.  And bonus - the drinks are strong and cheap!  Long live the Old P!!!!!!!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2006,7/14/2006,44,309,,4,4>I like this place, I've gone a few times now and have always had a good meal...I sat outside tonight which I just LOVE to do...The waiter was great, the food was excellent, I had the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken which the waiter recommended (I always ask)...I never would have ordered this normally, I REALLY enjoyed it though. We even stayed for dessert...which I hardly ever do....I will keep going back!  :)YMMV
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2006,7/13/2006,16,24,2,4,4>I went here last night after far too many cocktails. From what i recollect, it was amazing! The beef chow-fun was delicious and far above average, as they used plenty of bean sprouts to not only cut the usually overwhelming beef taste, but it also helped with the incredible amount of grease that this dish is usually known for. We also ordered a great stuffed tofu dish that involved fried prawns and piping hot tofu cubes.As said before the service is a bit lacking, we needed a waiter a few times but it seemed as though they were a bit understaffed. The place is pretty clean, with a crab tank in the front, green color scheme, and extremely clean windows, it was incredibly inviting. i Think the location on the east side of Chinatown helps with giving them a distinct feel, it isn't given the foot traffic opportunities some of the other places have down the hill, and i think this may have something to do with how cool this place is. I'd go again.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,10/10/2014,263,1104,9,14,12>1000th review! I knew I had to save my 1000th review for a special spot and Cafe Flora is definitely it! I had been wanting to try this place for forever so when my friend suggested it for brunch, we headed out! The wait was pretty long at 11am on a Sunday. We waited 20 minutes before we were led through the most adorably decorated restaurant and seated next to a pond with lots of greenery. We started with the Earl Grey French 75 and mimosa. I LOVE Earl Grey and pretty much order anything Earl Grey flavored. Unfortunately, this didn't really taste like Earl Grey so that was disappointing. For entrees, we shared the Hoppin' John Fritters and Croque Pomme Fromage:Hoppin' John Fritters- black eyed pea cakes, cheesy grits and smoky collared greens: My friend thought this dish was a little heavy but I really liked it! The black eyed pea cakes were really unique and the grits and collared greens were delicious and hearty! Croque Pomme Fromage-smoked apple and Beecher's Flagship cheese sandwich with caramelized onions, praline mustard, sliced almonds. dipped in a egg batter, grilled and served with strawberry rhubarb compote and a house salad:We both loved this dish! The sandwich is truly the perfect mix of sweet and savory and with the bread, onions, cheese, strawberry and almonds, there's a great variety of textures and flavors! I'm usually not a sweet breakfast person but this was perfect since it wasn't completely sweet.Cafe Flora has quickly catapulted onto my list of favorite Seattle restaurants- my expectations were high but this exceeded them. I would highly recommend it for brunch and can't wait to come back for dinner!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/9/2014,381,768,8,12,10>I had no idea Bathtub Gin & Co was located in the alley that it's in! I've definitely walked by it several times before, but mostly at night, so that's probably why I missed it.I took my friends here who were visiting out of town. I always use visitors as an excuse to check out new trendy spots. The nice thing about this place is that we don't have to make reservations, and in fact, we got very lucky on a Saturday evening. We came over after our dinner at Shiro's and we're seated almost immediately.We had the seat downstairs in the corner right next to the little bathtub ornament thing. It was a cool dark atmosphere, and our server was very sweet and attentive.I ordered something with gin, pineapple and ginger beer in it - very refreshing! My friend wanted something that they ran out of, so had to substitute it with aperol, which he wasn't too excited about, but it was still fine.All in all, I would definitely come back especially if I'm looking for a low key night with a small group.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,10/8/2014,106,119,9,12,10>Prior to coming to Cinerama, I thought SIFF Uptown was the best theater in town. Cinerama is the best theater on this planet. Can I give them 10+ stars?The theater is conveniently located smack in the middle of downtown and Belltown so you can easily get here by bus. The theater is awesome and yes, the tickets can seem higher at around $11-$13 for an adult ticket but you are getting a phenomenal movie experience. Seeing movies on the big screen is an important part of my life and being in Seattle, it's easy to see films on the big screen. But at Cinerama, it's not just seeing a movie, it's the whole experience. Not only does Cinerama play obscure, indie films and documentaries or foreign films in both original and dubbed, they also play the big "Hollywood" movies. They also do special events with classics such as playing the film and also inviting the actors to come and speak. How many theaters can claim to do that?The theater (the screen room) in itself is beautiful and prior to the movie, it's lit up with tiny stars like the night sky on a clear day. The screen is larger than the average theater but smaller than an IMAX screen. The room is huge so wherever you sit, you will get an awesome view. The concessions are cheaper than other places and PHENOMENAL. They serve a chocolate popcorn that is out of this world good. You can get either chocolate, buttered, or mixed. I go for the mixed so that I can get both the sweet and the salty. The small is priced at $4 which is super cheap compared to the $7 you get at Harvard Exit or AMC in Pacific Place. They also have the classic candy, classic drinks, Tilt ice cream, gourmet chocolate bars, and Cupcake Royale babycakes. The babycakes are for $2. You can buy your tickets online without a processing fee which is great. I recommend that you come slightly early to grab not only fantastic seats but also to check out the theater itself. Paul Allen owns it so they have a few EMP-like costumes and props on display. If I want to see a movie and I know that Cinerama is going to play it, I would choose Cinerama over any other theater in the greater Seattle area. Come check this place out. You won't regret it.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,10/7/2014,281,146,9,14,12>This place is a homemade confection crafter's dream.It's a mom and pop style place, loaded with tools and accessories to make cakes.  This is a great place to go to get things to prepare for a special-occasion cake (birthday, children's birthday, wedding, etc. etc.) I was impressed by the variety of cake molds they have available. There were Mickey Mouse shaped pans, Spongebob shaped pans, car shaped pans, etc.) My point of reference are places like Target that don't offer much in terms of bakeware. I snagged a 9" heart-shaped cake pan and mini-teddy bear cake pan. They also have a variety of decorating accoutremonts available, such as figurines. There were cake flowers made of royal icing that were being sold at the front desk. Very pretty, I had to ask if they were edible, and sure enough they were.  The price range of the items are moderately priced (not too cheap, to the pricey range. Example: One rotating cake platform, $70. Teddy bear cake pop pan, $26--a tad steep for humble cake maker such as myself.)The staff is friendly and helpful, and provided a couple of useful tips upon checkout that I applied to my cake making that day; which made a huge difference. Thank you.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,10/6/2014,812,361,18,27,22>Came here for brunch after curiously eyeing it for a few months on my bus ride home from work. Pioneer Square is so "up and coming" with new restaurants, it's exciting! The London Plane is such a beautiful space with great design and neutral colors. It has a mixed feel of cafe and a small market. They have fresh, colorful flowers, knick knacks, and noms at the deli for sale that you'll be interested in looking at while you wait for a seat or after you eat. The plethora of cookbooks and housewares kept my attention the longest.You won't be able to sit at the bar on a whim because it's part of their assigned table seating. They are unable to serve you outside so you'll have to wait for your preordered drink before heading outside if you're able to get a seat while waiting for your seat indoors. The service was a little weird with their "rules" (understandable but unexpected) and our server lacked a bit of detailed etiquette but no big deal.After discussing the menu, my brother and I started with the cinnamon roll with sweetened labneh frosting. I love labneh but labneh in dessert format?! Don't tell me more, just let me stuff my face with it-it was a no brainer decision. The labneh frosting was bomb (!!) however, the cinnamon roll itself was dry and lacked cinnamon; but the frosting made up for it. So luscious. So yum.Next up was the smashed avocado and local albacore toast. This was so flavorful and delicious I could eat a second order by myself. I couldn't figure out what the avocado was smashed with, but whatever it was, it was so good (I forgot to ask). The albacore was so fresh it complimented the avocado seamlessly. Double yum. Moving on to entrees, we ordered the poached eggs with garlic scapes and the salmon rillette. The poached eggs weren't really poached, more hard-boiled and lacked yolkiness. It could have been we waited a few minutes to eat it, so unsure of whether the execution was correct. The salmon rillette was flavorful and I enjoyed the sea beans that accompanied it.We ended our meal with the roasted date butter toast as "dessert".  I was too full, so just took a bite. It was delicious, but feel the flavor would be more enhanced with fresh figs.Overall, we really enjoyed our meal and will probably be back once the menu rotates. ::drool::
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,10/5/2014,129,291,7,9,12>What an awesome spot! Been meaning to try this place for a while, but now that I live in walking distance I finally made it. Very friendly, family run restaurant. Everyone who worked there stopped by our table to say hi and check in on us. You definitely want to order the rainbow hummus platter, but it was the yam and beet hummus that won us over. I had the manti - a Turkish ravioli that was unlike anything I've ever had. Can't wait to go back and try more goodies!!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,10/4/2014,499,111,7,14,11>I have to say, that for a Valentine's Day dinner service anywhere, it was beyond smooth here. We sat at the bar because we like the atmosphere better. Our drinks were perfectly made, the food came out on time and hot and believe me it was DELICIOUS.We chose a couple cheeses off the starter menu, each paired with fruit or nuts and all mouth watering. The entrees all looked delicious but we chose to split the Lamb Shank. It was beautifully perched on top of tasty grits and pickled chantrelle mushrooms. The meat was pull-off-the-bone moist and tender and not over-seasoned. Not to mention the portion was enough to fill both of us up with no room for dessert. The Bartenders know what they are doing! I am not a big brandy drinker but recently have been keen to "Sidecar"s and he made a drink like it, but sweetened a bit. Now I am full fledged into brandy, who would have thought from this rum drinker. Thanks guys working behind the bar! I have also always wanted to go to their Silent Reading at 6pm every Wednesday too, I will definitely be back for that!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/3/2014,127,386,7,8,8>Pretty much everything about Hello Robin screams Capitol Hill - in a good way.  It's clean, bright, hip, and has an interesting take on dessert.They are able to take a good product - Molly Moon's Ice Cream - and combine it with another good product - their store-made fresh-out-of-the-oven cookies - to make a great product.  I tried an ice cream sandwich with a Mackles'more cookie and a Habanero Orange Chocolate Chip cookie with Scout Mint ice cream in the middle.  The Habanero cookie came right out of the oven, and it was definitely nice and gooey in the middle, the way a cookie ought to be.  It had a little kick to it, but it wasn't too spicy, and I actually appreciated the contrast of spiciness to the sweetness of the rest of the dessert.  The Mackles'more was a graham cracker with a chocolate chip cookie over top of it - cool concept, and it worked for me.  The ice cream was good, as to be expected from Molly Moon's.  And so as previously mentioned, the combination of all these good things was great.A few downsides of the place included the limited seating, due to the small amoung of space in the store, and a somewhat higher price point (in my opinion) of the ice cream sandwiches - I ended up paying $5.33 for two cookies and scoop of ice cream.  But it's in Cap Hill, where most things are on the pricey side, so it's not too bad of a deal.It's a unique place in Cap Hill to get a unique dessert, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a tasty, and different, ice cream sandwich.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,10/2/2014,18,110,9,18,12>This is a great place for a fun movie experience. We went for a matinee, which was great for a movie and drink over lunch, without having to deal with noisy kids (especially for kids' movies that adults also want to see!). Ticket prices were reasonable, and the food prices weren't horrible. We got two drinks, pizza, a (huge!) side of fries and a brownie, which left us nicely full without being overpriced. Cocktails are around the $9-10 mark, but they also have a surprisingly good selection of wine and beer.Service was pretty prompt; they took orders before the movie started and twice again during the movie. One tradeoff between Cinebarre and regular movie theaters is that it does get a little bit annoying and distracting having to have someone walking around in front of you in a movie theater with plates of food and trying to read your order, but the staff try to be as discreet as possible.I'm not sure how I feel about the setup of the actual seating area. Sure, you have nice, fancy reclining seats. Sure, you have a little bar area in front of your seat that your food goes on. But because of the way the seats are set, you can't actually recline comfortably in your seat and reach the food to eat without risking dropping it all over you. I looked around a few times and basically everyone had to perch right on the edge of their seats to be able to eat at the bar area in front of them. The bathrooms were also quite clean. In fact, the whole place didn't have that grubby sticky-floor-movie-theater vibe to it at all. It just felt clean and polished and well-maintained.Overall, it was great experience, and I'd come here again.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/1/2014,218,330,21,17,15>I firmly believe that no money, no job, and no relationship can make you happy... because only food can make you truly happy. I don't believe in love at first sight, but when I unwrapped the Porchetta sandwich that sunny afternoon and little crumbs of crunchy pork skin fell out, I knew it was the one. In disbelief, I turned to James and hesitantly asked, "Is that... pork skin?" *Pause* "Crispy... pork skin?" I squinted at the sandwich and heard him mumble something along the line of "I think so" ever so casually (as if they just sprinkle crispy pork skin on every sandwich). I nearly lost my shit. I cannot believe my friends have been keeping Rain Shadow Meats a secret from me! (I'm looking at you, Henry) :)Anyway, the sandwich was as delicious as it looked... actually, it was absof*ckinglutely amazing. It's pretty heavy: french bread, sauce verte (green sauce that I think has basil, onions, olive oil... pretty much like pesto), and GLORIOUS little cubes of pork loin and pork belly... with a generous heap of the aforementioned crispy pork skin sprinkled on top. Mmmm... I have to come back soon. I thought the place was cute: exposed brick, high ceiling, some tables outside, some diner-style seats, and lots of character - tres Pioneer Square. You order at the counter and then they give you a number and seat yourself. On a sunny day,  you can also take your sandwich to the nearby Occidental Square and people watch.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2007,3/20/2007,35,38,22,22,20>Clerk walks up - "Need some help?"  I answer - "I do.  I want to unleash the artist within me."  (Ok, YOU can stop laughing now.)  The clerk didn't laugh at me, didn't even show a hint of amusement.  He kindly asked me what kind of artist did I aspire to be - a painter I replied - and he led me to the paint area - asked me if I knew what type of paint I'd like to try - acrylic I said - and he began to patiently explain the world of acrylic painting.  I left with tubes of beautiful colors, canvases, brushes and my head held high with pride as I imagined the masterpieces I was going to create!Well, it's been about a month since that virgin trip and I've been back several times.  I'm a painter now.  I've added more colors, more brushes, more canvases and an easel.  That same clerk is helping me move up the ladder of creativity - we're talking mediums now (it's kinda technical, so I won't overwhelm you with those details! ;) )Really.  This place is great.  I feel so welcomed.  They may have had a good laugh over me when I left that first visit - but while I was there, and every time since then, they have been great.  Not once did they try and sell me the expensive stuff or things I really don't need!I may not  know what the hell I'm doing, but I'm having fun.  My abstract countryside village is kinda cool!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2007,3/20/2007,222,363,6,10,5>Nestled, and I do mean nestled, between Rite Aid and Kinko's on 3rd Ave is this cute lil' coffee shop. I've only been a few times but each time I'm greeted with a smile and eye-contact. When the Starbucks in my building has a ginormous line, I'll go out and brave the elements (3rd Ave) if I really, reeeeeeeeeally need a fancy schmancy coffee beverage (my current fave is a soy chai with an espresso shot = YUM!).Last week I ventured in around lunch time and also ordered myself a sammich. A lovely fresh mozzarella sammy with herbed balsamic vinegar, crisp dark green lettuce, and some toms. Bonus was the bread - a delicious toasted, chewy baguette of love. Oh hell the whole sammich was chock full o' love. And I'm big on love. They were freakishly out of mozzarella when I went back the other day but I did score a thin sliced ham baguette sammy and though it didn't hit the spot like the mozzarella sammy from the week before it sated me. The only rub on this place for me is their coffee sizes. I'm never sure if I should use the same terminology I'd use at Starbucks and so just order a large which isn't as far as I'm concerned. But I must not be too concerned as I haven't found out how to properly order a huge-ass coffee. Hmmm, maybe that's what I need to say. :o)
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2007,3/19/2007,286,242,13,4,5>Chick Flick time!!Starring: Yours Truly (the bride) and A Handsome Man (the groom)Co-Starring: Our 125 closest friends and familiesSynopsis:  It was a beautiful clear evening in the middle of July, a day our bride and groom decided to legalize their love for each other with a piece of court document with their closest friends as witnesses.  Little did they know that the soccer game in the field next to the venue was competing for parking spaces.  What to do?  Send brother of bride out to redirect parking traffic to lot across the soccer field.  Ceremony only started 20 minutes late from the 7:48pm time printed on the invitation.  The mah-wage was finalized with a sensual (but not porno) kiss in the beautiful English garden.  Later, everyone ate, drank, and danced under the starry sky and the bride had to decline lambada dancing request with the bride's best friend's very drunk dad (who later pole danced and threw out his back).  They all lived happily ever after.Rated:  PG 13 for slight sexual content and adult language
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,3/18/2007,22,31,39,29,12>Adam is my secret. Literally in a hole-in-the-wall, he has been making clients better looking since 1984. With 40 years of experience as a tailor, in Vietnam and tucked away in the tiny shop on Jackson, Be Van Nguyen, is still the best deal in town. He charges about $7 to hem pants and about $13 to shorten a jacket sleeve. Unbelievable. He watches out for your wallet: if he doesn't think a piece needs the change you're proposing, he'll tell you so. He is honest: I saw a woman with a big booty in there who wanted a skirt tighter and tighter, and Adam suggested, "aahh, maybe tight enough."Monday-Saturday 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,3/16/2007,8,30,7,7,5>Okay, here's the difference between Blue Water and Taco Del Mar.When you go through the serving line at Taco Del Mar it's kinda like chow line in an Army mess hall...complete with 2-3 semi-robotic grunts behind the formica counter ladelling out pre-measured cups of meat goo, beans and rice onto your tortilla. If they made you drop and do 25 push-ups before you could get in line, the analogy would be complete.When you go through the serving line at Blue Water the first thing you notice is that the menu is way broader. So you order and notice that they're immediately putting fresh ingredients on the grill. Then you notice the basket of chips in front of you along with cups of various salsas. So during the short wait for your fresh ingredients to cook on the grill you taste a few and decide which flavor of freshly made salsa you want today. Next they custom build your burrito (or whatever your order may be) offering a lot more options than TDM including fresh chopped herbs and veggies. No push-ups. No robots. And for a moment during each visit, you can almost imagine you're at a Taqueria in Merida, or Zihuatanejo, or Tulum...or...sigh...
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2007,3/15/2007,634,500,7,13,16>Yes its trendy. Yes its full of tourists. Yes, every one and their brother brings their family here when they visit. But trust me... we are lucky to have the Market. Fresh flowers, odd/cool/strange vendors, a city landmark. Lets just drop the hipster cool for a few minutes and admit that the market has a little of something for everyone.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2007,3/14/2007,123,455,19,7,6>I love Schmitz Park for a great dog walk. It's a 53 acre old growth forest with lots of hiking trails. It's not off leash, but if you have voice control of your dog most people are good about letting their dogs roam. There are several loops to choose from. It's a really dense forest less than a mile from the beach, coffeehouses and traffic. But my dog Cosmo is who really loves the place so below is his review.Schmitz? We're going to Schmitz? Okay. I need to run around like a crazy person for a minute. I love Schmitz. Best Pee-mail trees in town. I have so much P-mail from other dogs to read. And all those trails, which one should I choose? The long one up the hill, the loopy one? Or maybe we can do the loop and take the extra trail down to the beach and you can buy me a scone at the bakery.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2007,3/13/2007,163,181,1,4,4>Mint.Mint green, bordering on radioactive or kryptonitic in color be the hue of the walls in this joint. The complimentary shade is plum or maroon or something. It is not as bad as it sounds, but it is a bit of a statement.The Muzak you hear you will not enjoy (we heard "Hello," some Bryan Adams, among others).The food is quite good, and the service is great.You get a bowl of lentil soup with every meal and you get it almost as soon as you sit down, which I like, cuz I am often a bit too peckish when I first arrive for a sit down dinner.We love the Kafta Kabob, but the preparation is inconsistent.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2007,3/12/2007,33,32,8,4,3>Jimma Joyans!  Thats how you have to say it, like your from the Bayou.  Why?  I don't know, I just do it.Saw the hype walkin by one day, hungry folks out the door.  Big sign in neon proclaiming "Gourmet Sandwiches" - hmm, this must be worth a stop I thought.Well, it was pretty decent.  Nothing truly amazing.  More of a slightly younger brother of Subway, a slightly less sophisticated cousin of Quizno's - OK - a FATTER version of Jared.  Their menu was fairly confusing and had small type, which sucks when you're in that long line.  Then when you get up, they work so fast, they yell at you for your order like they have to put out a fire.  They are wikid fast, which is a nice (thats one extra star) - but the sandwich wasn't anything to write on Yelp about.  Damn-it, too late.I may give them one more chance, but I will wait some time.  It didn't leave me wanting to return anytime soon.  Now if they had a guy in a Cajun Shrimp costume yellin' "JIMMA JOYANS!!" on the street I would go to 4 stars.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2007,3/12/2007,0,0,4,4,3>I went to the ol' doc today for reasons which I will not submit on Yelp.com. Regardless, I like the place. It was nice and clean and the service was prompt. They had this "alterna" looking desk person who had visible tattoos. I honestly don't know why, but it made made me feel more at home seeing someone with a bad dye job and a tattoo sleeve. I was a new patient there, and I liked my doctor quite a bit. She carried on a good conversation with me (as good as it can get while you're sitting on an elevated bed wearing nothing but a hospital gown and a paper sheet wrapped around your unshaven legs). I had to get a tetanus shot and have blood drawn. Neither of which send me reeling into a panic-stricken state or anything, but unpleasant nonetheless. You know how they jab the needle into your upper arm and arbitrarily shoot some vial of whatever into your muscle? It's always weirded me out that they don't need a vein to do that. But I tell you what, that nurse gave me the most PAINLESS shot I've ever received. Moving on, after experiencing what will hereby be named "The Best Tetanus Shot Ever", I had to get my blood drawn. Seriously, it was the fastest draw in the west.... pun blatantly intended. Didn't hurt, took maybe 10 seconds, I left quite pleased. Usually I'd say "I'll be back to this place for sure!" But I actually hope the opposite, since it's a doctor's office and all.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,9/24/2009,103,174,19,16,16>I woke up this morning with garlic burps. Still. Seriously. I love this place. Maybe my favorite restaurant in Seattle. I had the bistec sandwich and a malta and I was very, very happy. The sandwich came with some tostones and garlic sauce and it was amazing and delicious. They know their stuff at La Isla. So yesterday, I'm in there, and I'm sitting at the bar eating my meal. I say to the bartender, who has a crazy captain hook mustache and awesome cocktail moves, that I'd like a MALTA. I thought he ignored me because he went on to make this crazy involved drink instead of just handing me my malta. Eventually, he puts the drink in front of me and says "Here's your MAI TAI."oh. this is embarrassing. "I ordered a MALTA," I say to him. He smiled at the misunderstanding, handed me my malta, and said it was cool.Seriously. How cool is that? I saw this guy-- he really put effort into that drink. I felt shitty about it but he was so cool it that it really helped. Thanks, awesome bartender with great mustache. I had a great meal at your bar yesterday.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,9/23/2009,153,353,16,16,15>Nestled in the minor labyrinth that is Bellevue Place, Oh! Chocolate is all about truffles.I came (with intent to purchase a single mango habanero truffle on recommendation.)I saw (the clerk on a laptop in a deserted space and thought the apathy might pervade.)I conquered (leaving with my $2 and the target after I was informed a sample is gratis.)Slightly light on the heat, but equally light on the sweet for an excellent balance - tastier, albeit richer, than the coconut curry chocolate at Theo. Great for gifts, although without a special ladyfriend or a missive to gain a pound or thirty I'm not sure when I would have cause to make a purchase. However, with the continued law of sampling goodwill I'll invest the effort to make a single sweet-spicy delight a sinful monthly-ish habit.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,9/22/2009,221,439,26,19,20>After trying to barhop (which was unsuccessful) at four different places last week in Capitol Hill, we went to Marination Mobile for some late night grub, which ended up being the highlight of our night.  Funny thing?  The crowd outside waiting for food from Marination Mobile had more people than most of the bars we went to... COMBINED.  Therefore I have decided the following: screw all the bars and all the clubs, if you want to meet your next S.O., this is the new hopping place to be - the Marination Mobile truck on the corner of Pike and Broadway at Thursdays (8PM - 1AM), Fridays and Saturdays (10PM - 2:30AM).     Just to prove how easily you will be approached by strangers (while I was waiting for my Kahlua Kimchi Quesadilla, which was oh so darn good!), a group of drunk girls walked by us and the following scenario occurred: Drunk Girl #1: (with a slight slur)  "Is this like a Chinese truck or something?"  WRONG.  Drunk Girl #2 sees me staring at them for her friend's comment.  Drunk Girl #2: (to me) "Sorry dude."  (to Drunk Girl #1) "Stupid, it's a Mexican truck."  Um... closer I suppose, but still wrong.  Do you know what the best part about Marination Mobile?  You don't have to buy drinks for any of your potential S.O.'s and you get delicious Hawaiian/Korean fusion food!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,9/21/2009,63,134,14,9,11>This place will get you laid! (no guarantees.)Perfect date spot if you can find parking that is. I really mean that. It is almost impossible to find parking here on friday or saturday. Midweek or sunday it's not too bad.The decor is on point. It's really cozy, meaning small, so it naturally brings people together. Also it's pretty dim, which makes you want to lean in when you talk. The bartenders are all pretty chill from what I've experienced. I heard they make some mean cocktails, but I'm more of a beer drinker, and I haven't been disappointed in their collection of beers either. It also doesn't hurt they are located right next to Top Pot, so you can always duck over for one of those heavenly donuts.To recap: Bring date here, smooth talk, nice cocktails, get lucky!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,9/20/2009,286,643,15,18,18>What a great date spot! I have walked by the place for years, when I used to get my tan on at Tubs, stumbling back home from Dantes, or after catching a movie. I always wanted to go, and tonight was my lucky night! Such ambiance.. darkish lighting, and I loved my first impression. Our server was highly attentive and was glad to give us suggestions. I had a glass of the house Chianti, which was delicious. My date had a girly drink that I won't mention since it was silly. We split a spinach salad with prosciutto, goat cheese and a delish vinaigrette, which we both enjoyed. He ate a linguine with shellfish for dinner, and I had the gnocchi with a rose sauce. YUM. I was loving mine, and I took some home for leftovers. For dessert we split a bread pudding, with cranberries, apples baked into this warm piece of heaven, topped with vanilla ice cream. It was actually very light, but very full of flavor. I am really glad I was able to try this restaurant, and will definitely come back.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,9/18/2009,395,91,22,19,17>I ADORE this spot. The restaurant atmosphere has a real wholesome warm & fuzzy feel, like rockin' a snuggie on the couch while a little pussy cat named 'sunshine' purrs in your lap.... except sexier and minus the Tina Fey-esque desperation. Speaking of (desperate), this spot would make an awesome first date spot: it's totally romantic, the food is well-priced and delightful, and they have a FULL bar for those wretched "blind" setups your mutual friends insist upon thrusting you into after too many of your lonely snuggie nights. So if your date ends up being a piss poor reflection of your intellectual/ physical-attractiveness level (or he just spent the last 10 minutes talking to you about his local L.A.R.P.* chapter) order yourself a nice dry Bombay Sapphire martini, up, with olives and don't worry kid, the food will be totally boss to make up for the company...I highly recommend: -spinach momo's-garlic naan-palak paneer -tandoori anythingSide note: this place also has thee most incredible mint chutney i have ever had, i eat it by the spoonful.Cool, now that I've done my good review deed of the day, I'm gonna get back to my date... with my snuggie.*L.A.R.P.= Live action role play
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,9/17/2009,99,124,13,16,17>At El Diablo, the devil is in the details indeed. It's a colorful coffee shop with Cuban style coffees. I was so pleased to find the cortado and café con leche on the menu that I almost tried them both.  Given that I wanted to sleep that night, I ordered just the cortado. It was delivered in a shot glass, already sweetened, and mmm it was delicioso!  The barista was a bit slow but she was the only one that night, and to her credit she said helpful things like, "Coming right up, thanks for your patience."  That and a smile were just enough to tide me over while she was working on my fabulous café.  I've heard raves about the Mexican chocolate, so I'll have to try it soon.El Diablo has wonderful little gathering areas which were perfect for the first ever Yelpers Book Club event.  We started in the couch alcove, and then moved to the lovely outdoor patio where we were able to chat freely without disturbing others.  Chairs and tables are colorfully decorated, and even the bathrooms have silly details like "Ricky" and "Lucy" painted on the doors.  I'm looking forward to our next meeting at this fun and sinful little place!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2009,9/16/2009,87,262,8,15,14>I am here to RAVE about Via Tribunali. Rave! Bravo, bravo, bravo!! And thank you for coming to Queen Anne! And thank you for being open on national holidays! And thank you for doing it all to perfection! Bravoooo!!! We started the meal with a small sampling of my favorite Castelvetrano Olives, then shared one of their delicious Neapolitan Pizzas: the Salsiccia, with Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil & Sausage. Thin, delicate crust, lightly covered in red sauce and delicately trimmed with toppings. Wood-fired bliss on a plate! After a hot day hiking in the sun, I was parched, and washed it all down with a couple of refreshing glasses (healthy pours) of the Chardonnay Planeta Sicilia. Light, buttery and chilled. Via Tribunali's decor is authentic Italian, complete with candles and iconographic statues. It is warm and inviting - and the servers are too. This welcome addition to upper Queen Anne is well worth the trek up the hill for a slice (or three) of amazing pizza and a relaxing night out! Encore!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,9/15/2009,133,298,11,9,10>It was my second trip ever to a Portage Bay, and... I DID IT AGAIN!!! I wore that shirt that has the same color palette as the PB uniforms. Oh, hostess lady with the big earrings, don't think I didn't see your glance when we walked in, wondering if you should take my name or direct me in the back to wash up and start serving.If you ever go to Portage Bay with me, PLEASE remind me to be conscious of my outfit. Kthx.As for this Portage Bay, it was a very quaint environment for Sunday breakfast. I'm glad we ended up getting there at 9:30, because it started getting crowded *super* quickly after we sat down. The entire sidewalk around the entrance was packed when we left.I ended up getting the Racher's breakfast, which is more food than any one person should eat in one sitting ever. Thankfully Calvin Y was on hand to help with the French Toast, but we still couldn't finish it. Although, I have to say eggs, bacon, and OJ definitely made me happy at that time of the day.It's a cute spot, but pretty far away, and outside of the cool stretch of Ballard. Next time I think I will stick to the SLU location, but I'm glad I stopped by!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2009,9/14/2009,141,414,15,19,17>I was a bit confused by the name of this bar, I will admit. Is the name an attempt to make this place seems exclusive? One of those establishments filled with only the most glamorous people on the planet? Not so, I was gently reassured from a bartender who works there and was even informed they have incredible deals on food and drinks during happy hour. She had me at "happy hour". My happy hour buddy and I decided to meet at List one Tuesday evening. At 5:15 there were only about four occupants. List is stark white and makes you feel as if you shouldn't move in fears of getting anything smudged. There are small two seat tables perfect for dates but not so for big groups. One more person was supposed to join the party and the indifferent host allowed me to move the tables together. As a contrast to the white there are red chandeliers and an amazing black and white design wallpaper. Towards the front of a roll up door which was exquisite on such a warm sunny day. Overall, I was impressed with the minimalist design approach. After the host seated me and handed me the menus I was disappointed to find full priced menus. As I scrolled down I noticed a small blurp about happy hour: $2.95 beers, cheap glasses of wine, and 50% of all food. The bartender wasn't kidding this place was cheap. The host took my drink order and went off. List has small plates and with the reasonable happy hour prices it makes it easy to justify getting more than one. Pasta, salads, even a burger was on the menu. Even a few vegetarian options which helped me settle on the spinach and ricotta manicotti. My friend joined me and pointed out a flatbread with cranberries, pinenuts, feta cheese, and caramelized onions. At $4 there was no stopping me from ordering it. Our waitress was full of smiles and pleasantly took our orders. Our food came in a timely manner. The flatbread came out first and it looked delicious. A golden rectangle graciously topped was making my mouth water just looking at it. We each took a slice and fell silent. All the ingredients blended together well and the cranberry added just a hint of sweetness. I still am having dreams about that flatbread. The main entrees came and my manicotti was okay. It was certainly overshadowed by the flatbread. The time had come for me to visit the ladies room. It was spacious, albeit a bit of a club feel as it was dark with red lights. I sat down on the commode and almost yelped in surprise. The toilet seat was heated. It was fucking heated! While I could appreciate such a novel idea, it is best for the winter not the summer. I liked List a lot with the simple interior, cheap and tasty food, and lovely surprising bathroom.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,5/8/2007,89,134,12,11,5>im a sucker for good sushi. especially when hungry and drunk**.if youre a fan of the joy only an exploding tobiko ball can bring ( i realize i open myself up to many exploding balls comments), this is your place. order up the spicy tuna roll deluxe- read wasabi tobiko. pair it with the delicious roll- specialty roll, not on the menu- but it involves a blowtorch, and thats a roll that means business. there were some starters worth mentioning as well. i dont remember the name (**see above) but it was some sort of egg custard with mushrooms, crab and shrimp goodness. think coagulated miso soup, but in a good way. the fried oysters were good. ive actually never had any others to compare it to, but it was tasty, so tahts a plus in my book.our server was extremely sweet- almost too much so, but very attentive and informative. i love a good water service.we went on a tuesday and it was fairly crowded. im not sure if they take reservations, but if so, you should make them.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2007,5/7/2007,33,87,39,18,22>RESUME OF AKIVA S. FROM YELPOBJECTIVE:  To review the Rancho Bravo Tacos Taco Truck on 45th in Wallingford, Seattle, WashingtonQUALIFICATIONS:  I'm from the south and I lived with a Spanish family for many years.  This means that I expect you to believe that I know good Mexican food as if I were a real life Mexican myself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  TOTES DEF.SKILL SET:  * Able to differentiate Tex-Mex from proper Mexican food.  * Able to eat jalapenos without breaking a sweat.  * I have a NCPM (Nacho Chips Per Minute) of 18* I am proficient with Microsoft Excel.  * Finally, I can bathe myself, count to 13, and know where the butter is.JOB HISTORY:  * 1999 - Mama's Mexican Kitchen:  First time I ate here, I thought it was great.  Every other time, it's been remarkably just okay.* 2000 - Azteca:  I'm not sure why so many people like this place.  The food is decent but never more than that.* 2001-2006 - Torrero's:  Ah, my beloved Torrero's, home of the vegetarian tamales.  I used to get food here almost every week but I moved off the Hill a few years ago and now it's under new management and the food is about as bad as Tex-Mex can get.  CAN I GET A WUT WUT FOR SOME SALT YOPERSONAL INFO:  I like the Burrito Vegetariana even if I have trouble pronouncing it.   My fiance picked up the DANG Vegetarian Quesadilla.  First, this is Mexican food as I remember it.  For one, you can actually taste the individual pieces of food rather than just an overwhelming BRICK OF HEARTY MEXICAN FLAVOR.  Secondly, the portions are reasonable for a regular human.  I don't need a burrito the size of a tired daschund along with a bucket each of rice and beans covered with enough cheese to keep an eagle from taking off and SOARING DIRECTLY INTO THE SUN.   Furthermore, the people there were very nice.  Also, the red sauce is unbeatable.  I want to baptize my first born son in it (my daughter goes in the green sauce).  The only thing that's stopping me from giving this place five stars is this:  what?  no enchilada plate?!  I want what they would give me if I said, 'Hey!  Give me an enchilada plate!'  I just know that it would be the divine ratio of cheese and red sauce into which lovely corpuscles of roasted vegetables would be inserted with the utmost care.  Wait, did I just use the word 'corpuscles'?  To describe food?  No wonder they don't serve any enchiladas.  Sorry, guys.  I screwed it up for everyone.REFERENCES:* Available upon request
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2006,5/6/2007,28,41,6,5,5>Sammiches are good. Baguette Box sammiches are heaven between bread.The selections for carnivores are delicious and creative. Some of you may be aware of my fondness for pork-a-licious good eats, and Baguette Box's offerings are really top shelf: the pulled pork is a sloppy bit of piggy yumminess, and the sliced roasted pork is tender and lovely. Both show a great play of sweet/savory.I've tried several of the other options, all of which are superior. The truffle fries can be a bit greasy - but hey! They're truffle fries! Much like nookie, even when they are substandard, they are still good.Special bonus for dog geeks like me: the walls/counter are filled with pics of adorable canines (belonging to staff & loyal customers, presumably).
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,5/5/2007,44,124,1,11,8>Amazing!!!  I walked by this place one night and wanted to give it 5 stars just for curb appeal and for the wow factor.  When I finally had to opportunity to come here, I was taken a back with emotions immediately when I walked in - trendy, funky, cool, sleek, perfect, amazing, and the thought that I was about to drink something hot made the skin under my 3 sweaters, a scarf and a jacket begin to sweat with anticipation.  By the time I reached the bottom of the stairs, I had seen the entire place, but I knew it would take another hour for me to sit and analyze everything.I liked the fact that their pastries and chocolates come from small local companies.  I love the fact that they not only serve 150 types of tea which is all organic, but they also serve other tea drinks such as iced tea, tea lattes, blended tea drinks, and specialty tea drinks.  Also, and one of my favorite things, is that they serve 3-4 types of organic wine, sake, and mixed drinks made with tea such as a Matcha Tea Mojito.Remedy Teas serves food, well its more like snacks.  Tea sandwiches, granola, cheese plate, etc.  I'm so excited that now there is a place to get a healthy light lunch or an afternoon snack without having to go to a coffee shop and have a cookie, or feel pressured to order a whole meal in a restaurant.If you come here, you have to order tea, well ok, at least someone with you must order tea.  The tea presentation is so cool.  They have a way of making the whole experience unpretentious, but at the same time they will teach you and show you as much as you want to know.  I am not a tea drinker, but they have so many great options on their tea menu that I found at least 5 or 6 that I want to come back and try.I must also mention the kid factor here.  Not only do they have a children's corner with a miniature tea set, but they also have a full kids menu with a few different food options, different drinks, kid friendly tea, and of course toys.Remedy Teas is so perfect in every way that I tried to find a flaw like Michelle did and I don't think I found one.  I commented to one of the cute employees behind the counter that everything seems to have been thought through.  Although this may look like a chain, it is the most well put together independent that I have seen in a long time.    CONGRATS!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2006,5/4/2007,44,119,6,4,4>I love this place.  Back when I lived in Ballard, my roommate and I would go here at least twice a week in the summer months.Last night was the first time back since moving to Capitol Hill, and it's just as I remembered...  tightly wedged with loyal customers, big ummm... well used carafes filled with tea at each table, the nice ladies who still call me Suzie (old roommate's name)...  not sure why they call me Suzie, since I bear no resemblance to my Vietnamese friend (who happened to be there with me last night).  Perhaps they call everyone Suzie?  :-)  Anyhoo...  I don't mind.After waiting outside for about 15 minutes for a table, the three of us finally got in and placed our orders:  Hotate (scallops), Unagi (broiled eel), Maguro (tuna), a California Roll to share, and Harusame Salads all around.  Yay for the Harusame salad!!!  We all agreed that we could have easily made a meal out of a community bowl (read: tub) of this delightful rice noodle salad.  I've tried to replicate it several times, but it's never been quite right...  my solution:  place large order to go for lunch today...  sadly, I suffered from "sushi syndrome" last night (you know...  you walk out stuffed to the gills...  heh... gills/fish...  heh, but two hours later you're ravenous again), and was forced to eat most of my noodle salad when I got home from the pub. :-(No worries...  I know where to get more!  :-D
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,5/2/2007,400,699,9,8,8>Sure, it's a "British" styled pub, and having visited my native land, I can say they come close. However, England pubs are just way cooler. But don't get me wrong, this may sound like a negative start, but nay, I am tickled pink. PINK I tells ya, that I have finally experienced G&D.  It is a bit dodgy and dark, but I felt comfortable, even when the drunken old Brit pervy said my shirt accentuated my bum.  The menu does boast traditional meal items like bangers and mash, or beans and toast. However, being the cheese junky that I am, I ordered, you guessed it, grilled cheese sammich. So far, I'd have to say, the best I've had since I've moved here. Decent jukebox, questionable bathrooms, patio for fag smoking and bartenders who will pay attention to you if your cleavage is bared. But what really makes this place a five star hit for me...Carlsburg on tap. Seriously if you carry my British piss beer on tap, I'm a happy bird. And it tasted just fine to me.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2007,5/1/2007,182,206,24,7,11>Dear Dick's, I have been in love with you for the past two years...ever since I first tasted you in my mouth. Your smell taunts me during the day. I see you from my window, beckoning me to come over. I know that you will fill a void that so badly needs to be filled. My heart says yes, but my head screams no! Sadly,  I feel it is best I no longer visit you 3 times a day. But, I promise, I will forever be loyal to you, whether we are close or far apart. Love always, Me
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2007,4/29/2007,45,0,9,13,7>I'm almost 33 years old and I had never been professionally "groomed" if ya know what I mean...  After a bit of research I decided sugaring would be the least painful way to go.  Apart from feeling a bit uncomfortable in those weird spa panties the experience wasn't nearly as scary as I had believed it might be.  Having never waxed I don't see why I would start since this didn't hurt...much...think about it people there is definitely going to be *some* pain involved.  I'm glad I did it and I believe I'll add this to my beauty regimen from now on.  Um...was that TMI?
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2007,4/27/2007,221,213,2,10,11>Erik T and I were here last night to see the lovely Dita Von Teese. Having never been to the Triple Door, I wasn't sure what to expect. I have to say, we were both impressed. We got there early, around 8:30pm and they said we could hang out in the lounge before they began seating for the show. That's all we did. The lounge was pretty busy, an eclectic crowd to say the least. There was a jazz band that seemed pretty generic, but whatever, I didn't come to see the generic jazz band. We patiently stood by (there were no available seats, and we weren't interested in partaking in drinks quite yet) and waited till about 9:15 to be seated in the Mainstage area. I'm not sure how they seat people, other than party size, but Erik and I had FABULOUS seats. We were towards the very front, a little to the left. I was really excited! Erik and I were both thirsty and when we first arrived we decided we both really wanted a glass of water. Whaddya know, there was a glass carafe of water waiting for us at our table. We were taken to our seats and immediately a server came to help us with any questions we had. She gave each of us a dinner menu and provided an extensive wine list. We perused the menus, discussing if we wanted an appetizer and dessert or just dessert and what type of drinks we wanted to drink. We decided to skip appetizers and go straight to dessert, ordering the Chocolate Molten Lava cake and to drink Erik ordered the Ginsing margarita and I ordered the Espresso martini. We asked to hold off on the cake until a bit later and indulged in our drinks first. The menu declares the Ginsing margarita as "the worlds best margarita" and I'm going to have to disagree. First, it's blended, I prefer my margaritas on the rocks and second, ehh, it was just all right. It wasn't my drink, so I can't complain. My drink however was damn good! Vanilla vodka and Starbucks coffee liqueur shaken with a double shot of fresh brewed espresso served chilled. Ohhh, it was yummy! Our cake came to us about 45 minutes after we ordered it (remember we had asked for it to arrive later), arriving just as the show started. I felt deliciously dirty indulging in chocolate cake while watching pretty girls dance around in pretty underthings. You don't get that experience when you're at one of the many nightclubs watching a burlesque show. I'm normally standing around, trying to inch my way to a spot where I can see then awkwardly standing there with my arms crossed trying to enjoy the show with tons of people around me also trying to inch their way closer to the stage. Not at the Triple Door, I had a great seat, great cake, and yummy cocktails. I have to admit, when we first walked in I immediately thought "Oh, everything is going to be expensive here", and if we had a full dinner here, it would have been pretty expensive, but for what we did order, I thought the prices were decent. The cake is probably a bit overpriced at $7, but I thought the drink prices were spot-on, if not less than what you'd pay at a comparable lounge or nice restaurant. Erik's margarita was $7.50, he also ordered a specialty cocktail, the Once in a Blue Moon and that was $7.75, and my Espresso martini was $8. Our bill was just under $40 (for four cocktails and cake!) with tax and before tip. All in all, we had a very enjoyable evening and look forward to attending another show at the Triple Door.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2006,4/26/2007,191,70,24,8,9>Yeah. I've met the man. We go way back. In fact - my buddy Greg holds the record for the most "Man" consumed. Gene won't let anyone try that again though - 8 tablespoons. No joke.So that says what about me? Jack squat. I bet you know a guy who crammed the Eiffel tower or something. Nice.Dixie's is primarily useful for hazing interns and new hires. The BBQ isn't bad (the lemon cake tops it though) but you go there to here Gene call you "Blondie" and harass you with that pot of deadly boiling oil.One word of advice should you meet the man and run away screaming: Only oil counters oil - the peanuts are there for a reason. Water can't help you now.Ok, one more "word": No amount of "mixing it in" will blend the man into your sandwich enough to mellow it out. If you aren't all that interested but end up being attacked by The Man: Sacrifice it. The affected portion of your food is dead to you now - ditch it as you would a blown off limb.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2007,4/2/2007,29,17,,9,9>Bias warning: I know and hugely admire chef Matt Fortner (formerly of Marjorie) and seeing him ply his craft in an open kitchen is worth a bonus star right there.My first of presumably many, many meals at Tavolata was absolutely stellar. The soaring, simple space is what Black Bottle dreams of being when it grows up (That was not a jab at Black Bottle). Tavolata's immensely long communal table is a stroke of genius. Eating magnificent food while seated next to strangers goes a long way toward turning "Northwest nice" into real nice. Foodwise, I couldn't find a single fault. The cured olives were transcendental. The beautifully fresh, lightly dressed mixed greens with parmagiano reggiano (served in a single large bowl with tongs) shared nicely among the four in our party. My tuna ravioli was brilliant and the gnocchi you've been hearing so much about really IS all that. We shared a lovely bottle of Barolo from the spare but diverse wine list and the chocolate & pistachio cannoli and Cafe Vita espresso proved that these folks have all the bases covered. Take into account the easy, casual and attentive service by a whole slew of industry veterans and Tavolata feels like it's inhabited this sweet spot forever. Here's hoping they do because in this reviewer's humble opinion, they've comPLETEly nailed it.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2007,4/1/2007,543,163,10,9,13>"The" Seattle view.  If you're not a native, then this is the view that you imagined when you heard the word "Seattle," because it is by far the most widely proliferated likeness of the city, even if it presents a false impression by making it appear that the Space Needle is smack amongst the skyscrapers of downtown (even as little sense as this'd make).  It was a shock for me, when first approaching via air,  to see Seattle and see the Space Needle standing alone like a gigantic toothpick north of downtown.All that's neither here nor there, though, and doesn't affect the fact that this is a view of the city worth seeing, whether you're a resident or a visitor.  Chances are, if you're a resident, then you'll see it when out of towners come to visit you.  It makes you feel like an insider when you can spring this on them--a great view that's not the Space Needle?  Pat yourself on the back for knowing the skinny.If I lived on this street, I'd love the view, but probably grow tired of the never-ending parade in front of my multi-million dollar house, as the entire neighborhood up here is quite spectacular, as you might imagine, given the ocular benefits of the location.  But I don't live on this street, so I don't know why it concerns me.  Must be the empath in me.As pleasant and worthy a view as it is, it was a little disappointing to walk up to the railing, and--instead of being focused solely on the view--look down the hill to see a wealth of litter on the hillside.  This juxtaposition of the wondrous spectacle that Seattle offers and the fallible, ignorant nature of humanity is a real shame, and although no fault of the park itself, detracts ever so slightly from the holistic experience.  Although it seems dishonest to show favor to one particular park, perhaps Seattle Parks and Recreation should make slightly more regular sweeps to collect litter from this Seattle icon.  The real solution is to have littering asswipes begin to respect their surroundings and their Mother Earth, but without a lead pipe to bolster one's influence, this can be an imposing task, and is no less tedious with the pipe, anyway.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,3/31/2007,0,0,8,11,14>Okay, so I will also join the Uwajimaya love fest. I actually used to live in the apartments over Uwajimaya which was quite fun. You wouldn't know it, but they've got townhouses, a courtyard, trees and benches all up there on top of the store. It's like this secluded little mini neighborhood that you can take an elevator down to and get to this huge assed Japanese megastore.Even when I lived here, I would just wander around the store. I could do that for hours. I always find something new. There's no shortage of quirky oddball things here. Looking for carbonated yogurt? You can find it here. Where else can you find whole aisles dedicated to tea, ramen and tofu. And Engrish galore! It really is the next best thing to being in Japan.If you go later on and avoid weekends mid day, the crowds are not nearly as bad.Their sushi gets reduced every day between 5-7, usually on the later end of that though. The markdowns can vary from $.50 to $1.00 depending on which obasan does the markdowns, one of them is stingier apparently. If you can catch it, the cucumber kappa roll is a steal when marked down from $2.19 to $1.19.Also checkout Indochine Estates coffee, they just started carrying it. It's from Viet Nam and half the price of Starbucks and a lot of other brands and pretty decent. I like An Nam blend with the hint of Vanilla flavor.If you want to play a practical joke on someone, buy them the Durian wafers. They look like innocent cookies and are vacuum sealed, but once you open the package it releases the most pungent, putrid smell you could ever imagine!The food court will do in a pinch but there's definitely better places in the area to eat.Sure it's more expensive than some other nearby markets, but it's cleaner, the products are fresher and they have more selection, particularly on the Japanese and Korean end of things as the other markets tend to be more Chinese and Vietnamese.This isn't just a store, it's a destination and experience.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2006,3/28/2007,317,792,5,12,10>I have a new for real, forever, favorite coffeehouse now. Again. But for real this time. Sorry, Umbria, you're hip and your coffee is great, but I want to live in Wannabee. Its hippie, funky, bookish, crafty attraction might not appeal to everyone, but this is the kind of place I would design if I ran a coffeeshop. Ecelectic on steroids. And you can buy the books. My friend and I sat back in a corner with bookshelves on two sides and though I tried, I couldn't resist walking away with one, because they're cheap and for sale. The table had shells and rocks to play with and the counter has wind-up toys to play with while you wait for your drink. Who can resist a wind-up praying mantis? Not I. The slice of Grand Marnier bread came from Macrina - YUM. There are counters and a futon loveseat and rickety chairs around homemade tables loaded with things to keep your hands busy, like rocks and shells and grooves and things reminiscent of a mancala game. The ceiling is loaded with funky paper lanterns and the floors are comfortably scuffed wood. Wi-Fi is free and the quad mocha I had was incredibly smooth. It didn't taste like a quad, but did feel like a quad. One of the best things about the place is the dog. She's a 3 legged Komondor (the kind with dreadlocks) and not only was the poor thing wearing a cone, but after sweet talking her into taking a nap near our table, we found out she's actually deaf. So fine, it wasn't us but the sleeping bag on the floor. I love her. The rain poured outside, and inside the windows started to steam, and there weren't many people there and the music was great (until it was gone and we started to speak a lot lower as I'm sure no one else wanted to hear our wisdom accumulated over a lot of painful years) and the place was yet another reminder of why I live in Seattle. Going there today was like getting a massage without getting a massage. I feel great.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2006,3/27/2007,18,20,13,15,11>Went to Todd to get a trim.  When I arrived, I almost exited immediately.  Sitting before me were three guys, all with the same haircut.  That's never a good sign, especially when its the messy faux-hawk doo. You know the one I'm talking about. But I managed to pull myself together, rationalizing that since none had their collars popped it was safe.Todd and I talked through the whole haircut about whatever was current - good barbershop talk.  Thankfully, my haircut didn't turn out like one of the clones.  I have hair prone to cowlicks and he did a good job avoiding them.  The strangest part though was the wash at the end of the cut. Todd said it was to avoid hair being everywhere, but I was set free with product in my wet hair. I'm in need of another haircut soon. I'll probably head back to Zero Zero, asking for a dry exit this time. Id like to avoid the wet cat feeling. Overall, a quality haircut for 25 bucks.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2006,3/26/2007,29,138,9,9,7>Well, I think Rick L. can be forgiven.  I mean, honestly - if I were young and hip, and looking for a young/hip place, Hattie's would not be my first choice.  That being said, I am OLD and UNHIP, and I love Hattie's!  I love it not as a bar, though, but as (creak.... creak.... yep - that's the creak of my walker as I shuffle over to whisper in your ear....)(wait for it)(drum roll)a BREAKFAST joint!Uh-huh.  I love their hash browns, because I can get 'em with veggies - including identifiable chunks of mushrooms and actual (gasp) zucchini!  I also love being able to get a really good Bloody Mary along with my virtuously vegan hash browns.  And friends tell me that the other breakfast fare is good as well.  There seems to be a nice selection of biscuits with gravy, flapjacks, toast, breakfast meats, and things of that ilk.  Russell the Carnivore has always walked out with a taut round tummy and a smile on his face.The new decor is lovely in front, with bigger, moderne wooden booths replacing the old school standard diner booths of yore.  In back, the fish tank is, well... kinda hilarious!  And definitely unexpected.  And I'll bet it would be huge hit with kids.  Something to watch while they gum their toast.  Oh.  Right.  That reminds me.  If you want to eat breakfast here on weekends, please note: CHILDREN AT PLAY.  Hattie's seems to be a favorite with young families.  One one visit, Russell and I settled into a nice big booth up front (the waitress said it was okay!) and were greeted with pissy glares from not one, not two, but THREE separate families who thought they deserved the booth because they were toting babies and had strollers and diaper bags and whatnot.That being said, my advice is that if you are kid-avoidant, maybe avoid late breakfast/brunch time on the weekends.  And if there are kids, there are kids, right?  Forewarned is forearmed.  And hey!  This is a low-key, laid-back, inexpensive, family-friendly place WITH A BAR.  I mean - how can you go wrong?
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2007,3/25/2007,89,301,3,7,3>My wife took me and the kids here for my birthday and we had a fun time...Overall, it is a pretty neat place.  The food is good, the decor is tropical, drinks are refreshing and the service is friendly.We went Sunday (during the Stooper Bowl) for lunch.  They have weird hour (they don't open until 2pm), but when you add the fact that they are a nightclub too, it starts to make sense.  There is some weird Seattle phenomenon where the clubs serve double duty as restaurants (even breakfast spots) during the daylight hours.We were the first patrons in the restaurant, which was a little weird, but we got our pick of tables!  We ordered small plate for the kid, but unfortunately they were out of empanadas that day, for which the server was very apologetic (a mentioned in other reviews).  She did, however, make great drink recommendations for the kids.We started with ceviche and I totally recommend this place on the ceviche alone!  They have several different types and the traditional was excellent.  Our mouths had a pleasant tingle after eating it; the spice was just right.I ordered the vaca frita, medium rare as I like all my steaks.  It is a 1/4" thin steak, very nicely marinated.  It was delivered well done, but in retrospect, I think that was the way it wa meant to be served.  It wasn't too dry and because of the marinade, very flavorful.The Mojito Cafe has a robust tropical drink menu and like it is named serves mojitos.  Although I have some friends who say the drink is passe, they were still quite good.I bet it would be cool to go here at night when it is a club, too.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2007,3/23/2007,43,100,4,12,6>Dogs don't talk. This is my frustration. What is wrong with my little beagle monster? And since dogs don't talk, I have to. This is where other vets have failed and failed, they simply don't listen to what I'm saying and assume that the most prominent symptom is the only thing wrong. Unfortunately my dog is beyond stoic and doesn't express discomfort to anybody but us. Even when you're poking him in the inflamed intestinal track. The folks at EBAH were especially patient and caring, and they really listened to what was going on. When they realized it was more serious than they could treat, they recommended another doctor (a specialist at another clinic) instead of just throwing more drugs at him, as had been our previous experiences elsewhere. By the way, I highly recommend researching animal drugs on the Internet before blindly accepting your vets prescription. The last vet was giving double doses of a highly toxic anti-inflammatory that was not being metabolized and was exacerbating my dogs condition. When presented with the further symptoms he added more meds. Bah.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2007,3/22/2007,264,858,4,5,4>I used to work next door at Pier 54, during our mid-day break we'd hop next door and see if they had any "day old" cookies left, which was just the cookies left over after the lunch crowd was gone.  It was a nice break and the discount was solid!  Those cookies rock!This has always been a fav of mine but in my youth and needing to buy at least 2-3 dogs to satisfy my hunger I had tended to shy away from this place.  Even after packing all the sauerkraut, onions I could muster... ;-) I was still hungry after 1 dog.  Ah, that was in my youth.... thankfully I can't eat that much anymore so a trip down memory lane only needs to consist of 1 dog per trip.This location as is the one in the Seattle Center House, are great and serve up a fine dog.  The secret here is the natural casing on the outside of the sausages.  That quintessential "snap" when one bites into these beasties is the major difference why you have to either go to a really good butcher who makes their own sausage or drop on by the water front and stop in for a bite of juicy bliss.My fav the Cheese dog, is just that a dog with cheese unnaturally injected into the middle of the sausage, how or who decided on doing this unnatural act, should be canonized!  Oh man my mouth is watering now!  Meaty, cheesy, and served up piping hot, these by themselves are worth the price and wait.  Bock-wurst is my second fav, the smooth texture of the meat combined with a heaping scoopful of kraut, followed by either the spicy hot mustard or a shot of Gulden's Golden....ah...now that's sheer delight on a bun!The Italian Hot is my third fav, not really taste-bud kill'n KA-pow heat flavor-wise, but tangy and meaty, what a combo...Wash it all down with a ice cold lemonade, and it's all good. They make the lemonade with a whole lemon in every drink!  Done up fresh they'll squeeze it right there.  The best part is they use pure CANE sugar, (NOT "sugar" from beets or corn syrup!), fresh lemon and nothing else.Just 3 locations, Crossroads, Seattle Center and the Waterfront, Pier 54.  Center house location has plenty of seating in the food court.  Waterfront has the view.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2007,3/21/2007,204,297,5,6,5>Every time I drive past this delightful dive, I have a Homer-Simpson-esque reaction.... "mmm, Guinnessandfishandchips....."I really enjoy the Old Pequliar.  The first time I came here was with my mom when we were worn out from making my brother's wedding invitations and were in sore need of Guinness and fish and chips (my entire family's go-to comfort foods... yes, Guinness can be considered a food.  Meal in a cup, hello).  Anyway, we consider ourselves connoisseurs of the fish and chip, and the Old Pequliar's meet with our enthusiastic approval!  Their Guinness pints hit the spot so soundly that day (perfectly poured) that I have not ever ordered anything different there since.There were a good mix of people on that Sunday, and have continued to be on my return trips.  I did once do something dumb here, and as promised, I shall disclose it.  We came to see a band one Saturday night, and I (in my Guinness soaked exuberance) might or might not have said the word 'Freebird!' somewhat loudly in between songs.  The band was not pleased and proceeded to tell the crowd that the only way to permanently end this audience reflex would be to actually play it every time it was mentioned.  Luckily, they didn't, and it all turned out to be pretty funny.  And I, to my credit, have not uttered that word since, whether in the presence of a band or not.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2009,1/6/2010,316,105,10,13,14>The KFC on Pine has been transformed into a restaurant that does a fair impersonation of a California-style taco truck!  This is good news for late-night revelers on the Pike-Pine corridor and for just about anyone looking for a cheap, tasty, quick meal.  What this joint lacks in atmosphere it makes up for in location--right across from Cal Anderson park.  Your best bet is to get your tacos, tamales, burritos and tortas to go and dine alfresco with the hipsters near the fountain.  Today at lunch,  I spent 4.75 for a pork tamale, diet coke and chicken taco and was almost too full.  The other two times I stopped by were late night after swing dancing at the Century Ballroom when I was probably the only sober person there.  The quality of the food was a bit better midday than at 2AM, but considering the other patrons' general level of inebriation, I'm sure no one else noticed.  I still prefer Tacos Al Asadero (the much-lauded taco bus on Rainier) but Rancho Bravo's location and hours are unbeatable.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,1/4/2010,74,363,7,11,5>I feel the need to shout from the roof tops about this place... but I won't, instead I will yelp as loud as I can :)  This place is one of if not the best bakery in Seattle.  I can tell you I have had the Macarons in Paris, these are up there with Laduree's.  They are THAT good here. By far the best flavor is the Coconut with Salted Caramel and I do want to say, the shelf life on these are 1/2 a day at best.   The outer layer dries out quickly by the end of the day.  Still great, but ideally eaten right away.  So I finally found the my beloved Macarons in Seattle that are done right! About time!  Now on to the Kouign Amann...  I took one bite and I swear I felt a tear forming...  Beyond comprehension on how good this ugly little pastry is.  Had it straight out of the oven and it was sweet, crisp, rich, salty, pillowy all-in-one.  SO simple but you can tell SO hard to make.  This place doesnt skimp on 2 things:  1) Warm service and 2) Butter.  The Almond Croissant is divine however I do have to give 1st place to Bakery Nouveau on this one.  Now the Chocolate Almond Croissant a even tie :)  I asked the server what her fave was and she mentioned the Quiches... Will be back for those... The owner I applaud you, you are a friggen GENIUS!  BALLARD! You are one lucky B to have Honore as your home town gem...
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2009,1/3/2010,204,297,8,9,8>I had a minor setback in my love affair with Sip n Ship when they stopped allowing "well behaved dogs" in the shop.  No dogs allowed now, but that is okay because Ellie Bluebell doesn't mind being tied to one of the adirondack chairs outside with a pile of treats while I go inside.  Their coffee and treats are great, as is their selection of gifts and things.  Love all the BALLARD 'hood gear.  Baby S. received two of these onesies, and I went in to exchange one to a bigger size, so she can represent longer.  The owner (?) told me that they only carried the one size, but that she'd start ordering larger sizes and to come back in late fall to exchange for one.  How's that for customer service, they'll change their order with vendors for you?I also really love the rolling ladder which accesses the way-up-high-mail boxes.  :)
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,1/1/2010,127,594,11,11,10>So one of the best things about KFC closing on Capitol Hill, is that I don't even miss it !!! Because that means we have Ezell's every time no questions asked, if we are having Fried Chicken it is Ezell's Like last week I Was in the mood for Fried Chicken, so my partner went and got us some Fried Chicken with the works, Rolls, Greens, Baked Beans, Smashed Taters and Gravy, also he got some BBQ and some Peach Cobbler to finish it offnow for me it is the Spicy Chicken, but it is all good it has always been nice and juicy and of so good, just doing this review is making my mouth water for more Spicy Chicken and some of that Peach CobblerWe are in Need of a late night Ezell's for that after midnight Chicken Cravings
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,12/30/2009,103,174,16,17,13>Ryan's Drizzle is one of the best things I've ever had in my mouth. I can't believe how good this stuff is. Ryan's Drizzle is the vanilla frozen custard with two shots of espresso poured on it. I don't see why I should try any of the other flavors--- this is the best thing ever.I'll go back next month and the month after and the month after. Thanks, Old School Frozen Custard.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2009,12/28/2009,601,289,11,13,11>Free ParkingIt's one of life's simple luxuries, especially if you're living in rainy-seattle.  Thus, my eyes lit up from seeing the sign that said "free parking" in Portage Bay's Roosevelt Menu.  This small gift is not the only great thing about Portage Bay. They have a wondeful selection of vegan friendly, organic, locally bought ingredients that will satiate your appetite.  Though i have heard great things about the all you can top toppings bar, i opted for the egg-hash with corned beef.  The dish was delicious, but i thought it was a bit over cooked.  The only thing that I could really taste were the potatoes and the eggs.  The red bell peppers and other veggies ended up losing it's flavor during its burning process.  With it being $13 bux a plate, i guess i was expecting more.  Will I come here again?  maybe.  but only if i'm sharing a plate and/or someone else is paying and i need the "free parking". Portage bay, you're good but really, you're not worth my money.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,12/27/2009,52,93,10,11,12>I just realized that I have never reviewed my favorite of all of our Mexican food offerings in the area.  This taco truck is a true gem:  An unassuming appearance, but damn it if these guys don't make the most unbelievable tacos you're going to find.  I'm not sure if they make the best tacos available to us in this region, but I sure as hell haven't found anything better.Tacos de lengua:  farking awesome!  Get over your pre-conceived american views on food and just try the stuff.  The texture, and overall flavor of the lengua tacos far exceed the other options in my book.  Pork comes in second, then chicken, then beef in a distant last.  The tacos are so unbelievably good that I haven't ventured outside of them yet.  But everything else I've seen come out of here looks equally tasty.  Be sure to pair it with a bottle of sangria. YummmmmmAmericans, we have been lied to, and continue to be lied to about what "Mexican food" truly is.  But I can tell you this much:  If it didn't come out of a questionable looking truck, it probably isn't the real deal.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2009,12/26/2009,519,323,10,14,11>Perhaps I'm a bit behind on the times, and maybe I've procrastinated with my review as this place has been obviously reviewed by many. I don't know why I waited so long to try Purple.  Maybe it's because of the multiple locations, I felt it may be over-hyped, cliche, and chain-like.  Maybe because I never seem to be blown away by Italian inspired food, or maybe it's because purple isn't one of my favorite colors.  Well, I'm sorry I waited so long, and must say, Purple is my new favorite restaurant.  It is what every great American restaurant should be.  It rides the line of fine dining as well as casual, without discriminating against the diner when he or she chooses a less expensive item.  It provides flavorful, satisfying food, in a beautiful attention-to-detailed environment.If you've never gone, or if you haven't tried, YOU MUST MUST MUST TRY the bucheron goat cheese appetizer.  I almost teared up when I took my first bite, as it was one of the most amazing things I've ever put in my ravenous mouth.  It's surprising how something so simple can be so luscious and complex.  The goat cheese itself is so mild and flavorful.  It's served smothered in caramelized honey and dried cranberries, and after smearing it onto the house-made cracker thin flat bread, it's pure perfection.I applaud Purple for offering not only pricey entrees, but affordable gourmet individually sized pizzas.  I tried the gorgonzola-pear with tiny flecks of rosemary that gave a little burst of rosemary flavor, without overpowering.  The burger is also delish. It's sandwiched together with a delicious grilled brioche bun and topped with charmoula aioli, giving it a cumin-y Moroccan flavor; definitely not Italian.   The sweet potatoes that come with the burger are heavenly.My first visit to Purple, I had the Pre-Fixe offering.  Not only do they offer a $35, 3 course menu, they also offer a $25 3 course menu.  It's nice to have the option to still get a 3 course dinner, while choosing some of the less expensive, but still extremely delicious menu items.  I had the $35 menu, and had seared ahi with house-made mushroom cannelloni.  I would not hesitate for a second, to try Purple's house-made pasta options, as my cannelloni was exceptional.I've also sampled two different desserts, both equally scrumptious.  The first was a s'more semi-fredo.  It may be one of the best, if not the best desserts I've had at a restaurant.  Caramelized marshmallow is hidden under the semi-fredo.  The chocolate crunch crisp that sat on top was melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and the little swirls of caramel on the plate, added another delicious complexity to it all.  The one thing that I love about Purple's dessert menu is that they have either a full sized desserts, as well as bite sized desserts.  I am all for the bite sized, as they are less expensive, and the perfect amount after a filling meal.  A must try is the house-made sea salt caramels.  The inside caramel is chewy and creamy.  The outside of the caramel is dipped in chocolate, then topped with the perfect amount of sea salt.  I'm not a big caramel person, but I could eat these every day and not tire of them.One last mentionable is the wine list because, of course, Purple is a wine  bar.  I always enjoy the affordably priced $7 prosecco.  I have also had a wine pairing with my pre-fixe dinner.  I've had wine pairings at other restaurants, but I feel that Purple did an impeccable job matching wines to each food course.  Each wine complimented each course to a T.  So, Purple, thank you for being a place I can get dressed up and go to for a nice 3 course dinner with perfectly matched wine, but also can go to if I'm feeling thin in the pockets with a hankering for a gourmet burger, sandwich, salad or pizza.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,12/25/2009,286,643,10,12,13>How much do I like this park? So much that in the past 48 hours, I have been two times. It's that kind of awesome. Plus, it's not crowded. Double bonus. The first time was with my date, and we headed down to the beach to walk to the beach and watch the sunset and talk. We basically had the beach to ourselves, and dipping my feet in the water and talking was awesome. The only bad thing was the sun was setting quite quickly, so we took the "most difficult" trail, Grotto, up and it was kinda scary walking in the depths of a trail when the darkness is impending. Today, I hit the trails solo and took a few of the trails that were considered "easy" and "more difficult" and had a great relaxing time. I enjoyed myself, and basically had all the trails to myself. I felt like Snow White in a magical forest, with birds flying around. I loved it. I will agree with Terrell, the trail "directory" is basically useless and super confusing. But being that this place is about 15 minutes away from my house, I will be back again and again. My booty will thank me for it.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,12/24/2009,114,197,17,18,20>FINALLY! Yes! I work in Lower Queen Anne and have been anticipating the opening of Toulouse Petit the moment word got out that a French Quarter and New Orleans style restaurant would be opening on the corner of Mercer and Queen Ave. It was well worth the wait and anticipation and my gal pal and I ran over to the grand opening this evening. Service this evening was definitely 5 stars. We were seated right away, server gave us drink suggestions, and we were very well taken care of throughout the evening. Drink menu is 5 stars with a variety of thirst quenching cocktails. I was so excited about their drink menu that I failed to take a moment to write down the names and ingredients of the cocktails. But everyone should have the pear and vodka cocktail as well as the gin and honey cocktail. Both were well mixed and worth it! Decor is 5 million stars! Sexy and cozy...just the way I like it! Mosaic tiles on the main floor, glass tiles on the booth platforms, gorgeous hand crafted woodwork, wall to ceiling window panes (which can open during the summer), glass blown light fixtures, ornate iron work, and (my favorite) wall to wall candles. Food is fantastic. We split the yellow beet, green bean, walnut, blue cheese salad, which is so refreshing and good! Also had the garlic sausage with lentils in mustard, which I could not get enough of. Topped off our food selection with the shrimp cakes that were heavenly and soaked in an light spicy sauce.Will be back for alligator, oysters, fried green tomatoes, pork rillette (not to be mistaken with pork roulette), duck, steak, more charcuterie, burgers, soups, salad, and the list goes on and on. If anyone is looking for me, I will be conducting office hours at Toulouse Petit this winter, spring, summer, or fall, 7 days a week while sipping on cocktails and sampling plate after plate after plate after plate after plate after plate after...
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,11/20/2010,141,414,15,14,13>This is what a bar in Burien should be like: run down, full of 50 year olds, a sassy elderly lady bartender, pool tables with talented players, live music of wannabe garbage band senior citizens, and terrible frozen then deep fried bar food. I had the privilege of visiting Elmer's one night after coming from a hockey game down in Kent. Since that was the only bar I could think of somewhat in the vicinity, that is where I ended up. It was a Saturday night and the place was jumping with a pseudo funk/soul band and about four patrons dancing the night away.The bartender makes you wait until she's ready to serve you. I have nothing but love. When you've worked at a bar that has been around FOREVER you can do whatever the hell you want to. The beer selection was okay and the menu consisted of fried foods like fries, onion rings, poppers....you get the picture. I'm not picky about food but even I was a little skeptical about anything on the menu. Nothing handmade. All the effort needed is to open the freezer and throw the food into the fryer.Three pool tables are in the back and everyone I saw playing was good. Bring your A game or get the hell out, yo. As stated previously this bar is old and could use some renovations but then again that is where its charm lies. Somewhat divey but not dangerous, a great place to hang out without crowds on the weekend. At work I overheard a customer talk about her experience there one night. "Talk about a dive!" she guffawed disgusted at the bar. I took that statement as compliment.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,11/19/2010,136,326,9,12,12>Gotta say... Vegan Hemp Ice Cream? YES! This place gets and automatic 5 starts just for having this ice cream. The bonus is it is awesome! I have had it twice, once was a little more icy than I would like but the next time it was creamy and delicious. They also have really good shakes! I just appreciate them catering to Vegan/Gluten-Free people of the world : ). This place is a little bit pricey but they can afford to do so because they are thee only place I know of that has Vegan ice cream, and homemade snacks and desserts that are also vegan. My friends... this is good eats!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2009,11/18/2010,27,39,4,6,7>Liberty shines as an outpost of delicious liquor drinks on the north end of capitol hill.  Consistently awesome service, talented bartenders, and an awesome neighborhood vibe.Speaking of great bartending, I recommend you meet Aaron.  Avoid the group tables, get everyone to the bar (crowd 5+ people around a couple bar stools if you have to), and let the man mix impressive drinks.  Rum, vodka, gin, bitters -- he does wonderful things with it all.  Extra drink tastes from groups getting table service are likely to land with the more inquisitive in your group, quite the bonus.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,11/17/2010,76,510,10,15,12>We stopped into Madeleine the other day after returning from lunch. I have been watching them build the venue for some time (where Malabar used to be..which was where Shalimar was before it moved to where it is now, whew!), and chuckled at their signage. It was missing the second "S" in dessert. I'm immature...But immaturity isn't bad because that means you love cakes and pastries!The store is small, a bit tight to maneuver, a couple small tables to eat-in. But your eyes are glued to their large glass case exhibiting dozens of different pastries and other flakey treats. There was one item that had a whole hotdog placed in the center, I teehee'd over that as well. They have bags of little cookies, loaves of dessert breads, plastic cups of puff pastries, GIANT pastries as large as your face, a selection of smoothies or coffee drinks, and sandwiches, too. The highest priced item was still under $10, so it's reasonably priced.I wasn't too hungry from my lunch, so I just bought a fresh fruit tart (strawberries, kiwis, and tiny orange slices) for a couple bucks. It was flakey, fresh, with some custard and whipped topping. Yummy!Now that I know this is here, I'll have a smaller lunch so that I can enjoy more des[s]ert. :) Heh.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,11/16/2010,103,174,7,13,13>The Elite event here last year was a blast, so when Valentine's Day came up i knew just where to take Beth. We started off with the shrimp and artichoke dip and this was KILLER. I cleaned the little bowl after we were done with it. This was a prefix thing, by the way, so we had salads too. They were totally delicious and pretty to look at, too. I had this lobster pasta thing that was super rich and creamy and it was good but not FANTASTIC. She had a lamb chop thing that i was envious of. We always call winners when we have dinner out and she was the clear winner that night. I wished I had ordered her dish instead of my own. All throughout, the wait staff and owner came by to see how we were doing. Anytime Beth had a question they were totally nice and answered everything. Dessert was like Ryan's Drizzle from Old School Frozen Custard. it was thick, creamy ice cream with shots of espresso. there was other stuff to it, too. it was like a FANCY Ryan's Drizzle. It had whipped cream and was enormous. this was FANTASTIC.I love Louisa's and can't wait to be here for breakfast or brunch. I want to eat some of those baked goods.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,11/15/2010,117,196,9,14,11>Seattle has a cornucopia of sublimely delicious frozen dessert treats available. You've got your Old School Frozen Custard, your Molly Moon ice cream, that custard place in the u-dist whose name is escaping me right now, and plenty of gelato places. But D'Ambrosio Gelateria should be your pick for all things cold, creamy, and gelato oriented. Located right just down from the Sunset Tavern and open til midnight on Friday and Saturday, they are committed to using a stellar mix of the best of imported and local ingredients. I was very impressed upon finding out they use milk and creams from dairies in Lynden, WA. The design of the store is a very classic, stylish aesthetic - simple and welcoming with good lighting, minor seating, and lots of space perfect for those inevitable long summer lines.Very reasonable prices. A small (1 or 2 scoops) for $3.50 makes it wickedly affordable and a true value. They offer pints and dessert items; I'm glad I've finally found an honest to goodness gelato place that celebrates both local suppliers and a tradition of the highest quality.On my visit I had the madagascar vanilla and the crunchy biscuit. They were out of pistachio (my fave). I noticed several flavors had run out and took it as a very good sign of demand and high quality. I am now completely and utterly in love with their hazelnut!Also, they were very grateful that I paid with one dollar bills; running out of change is another sign of unexpected success just after your grand opening! The service was wecoming, sincere, and genuine - the staff and owner brimming with love and pride for their work. It made me want to work there. =)This is the best new place on Ballard Ave, hands down. I've told no fewer than 20 people about this place already, and I can't *wait* to go back and grab a pint of hazelnut. My willpower and discipline is getting a workout!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,11/14/2010,254,643,9,10,9>Dear Ethan Stowell -YOU ARE A GENIUS.  I have no earthly idea how to cook a wolf, but your staff sure does!And to my dear readers:(I'm drooling as I write this, btw)We ordered the roasted beets to start...heirloom beets, fennel, balsamic and pistachios.  I don't know what Chef Matt does, but it's MAGIC b/c this was.  SO.  EFFING.  GOOD.  Can I please have this for lunch everyday?  We followed up that plate with the strozzapreti with greens, trumpet mushrooms, and pieces of beef shortrib - and HOLY CRAP - this was riDONKulous.  And by riDONKulous, I mean AMAZING.Pair that with the potato gnocchi topped with the beef brisket, which, by the way, just melted in my mouth, and you pretty much have the perfect.  Freaking.  Meal. At least in my world you do.Even though we were very content, we'd been eyeing the taleggio cheese plate that Matt kept plating for other patrons and I was determined to order that for dessert.Taleggio, fig jam, and toasted bruschetta - OH MAN.  I AM IN HEAVEN.Our server, Clayton, was AWESOME - he was friendly, knowledgeable, and v pleasant - as was all of the staff.  So a big fat thank you to all of you!I came in here with some pretty high expectations, and I was not let down.  If you're looking for some KICK ASS food, you must.  Come.   Here.I'd recommend showing up before 7pm - otherwise you're going to be waiting an hour or so to get seated - it's a popular joint!Hats off to Ethan Stowell & the staff of HTCAW - you had me at hello!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,11/13/2010,325,469,10,14,14>I'm mildly obsessed with the condos at 2200.  Can you imagine how cool it would be to live in a sweet condo above a hotel that delivers room service, a Whole Foods that delivers to your door, a great pizza place and concierge service?  Even though this particular WF isn't the most convenient location for me, it's the one I like going to the most.... mainly because I can pretend that I live in that complex by riding around in the elevators and wandering around.Anywho, while this Whole Foods may not have the largest selection, it has the cream of the crop.  Every item is lovingly selected and placed by the kind (although hipster) employees.  Their hot foods items are all divine, their salad bar is the epitome of fresh, and their bakery has some insanely delectable treats.  Speaking of their bakery, I recently bought a delicious cheesecake at a great price.  Who says Whole Foods = Whole Paycheck??And while this has nothing to do with Whole Foods, I never remember to get my parking validated.  The attendant man is always chill though and never makes me pay..... sweet.  All in all, WF is freakin' awesome.  They have everything you could want and more and the prices won't really break the bank.... just shop smartly!p.s. they have a great wine selection!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,11/12/2010,153,269,8,8,8>My Taiwanese (Chinese, but he insists I say he is Taiwanese) boyfriend was wondering what was taking me so long to write a review about Yea's Wok.  I admit I've been stalling - clearly because my range of vocabulary is not enough to express how great this place is.  And I urge anyone who loves Asian food to come and visit this place!  Except maybe when I am there - then I'd tell everyone to go another day so I don't have to be added to their waiting list (which happens often).  This place is as close to authentic Chinese food as you will get...at least in the western side of Washington - maybe eastern Washington, too, or even the Pacific Northwest!  Not just because my boyfriend says so, but the fact that you can really taste the difference between the food here and the food you get from your local Panda Express.  I have tried their house special chow mein, and they must put crack in it because I cannot keep myself away from it - and I am not even a fan of chow mein in the first place (okay they really do not put crack in their food that I know of - I just said that for exaggeration instead of trying to ruin their business)!  They even have dishes like Mongolian beef and General Tsao's chicken, both which I have not tried, but I bet it is better than average given my experience with their chow mein.  But when you are here, you should not be afraid to try something new because everything tastes good here like the candied pork chop, the roast duck, or even the squid soup with the tentacles that would probably go up your nose while you eat it.Anyway, another thing about this place is that they have a special Chinese menu.  And it is special because there are dishes in this menu that are not in the English menu!  I personally only read English, so I found it very handy to pick up a Mandarin-speaking/reading boyfriend.  And I encourage you ladies to do the same!  Just kidding.  But really, be sure to bring a friend/family member with you that can read the Chinese menu when you go here!  And I know this sounds crazy for people who have never tried it before, but get the stir-fried snails with basil!  You will not regret it!It looks like they expanded this place, but still, getting a table can be tough just because of how popular it is.  Be prepared to be added to the waiting list unless you somehow manage to track the hours when they're not so busy.  BUT - once you get seated and they take your order, food comes fast!  Fast like, if you have not gotten part of your food within ten minutes of placing an order, you may want to flag your waitress because it should not take that long...even when it is busy!Come try real Chinese food at Yea's Wok!  Oh, and did I mention portions are pretty generous?
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,11/11/2010,283,52,13,11,10>I've said in other reviews that some places were "one" of my favorite places to eat. Well ladies and gents this is my all time FAVORITE! I love, love, LOVE seafood. I can eat it all day everyday and Crawfish king serves.. dun dun dun... SEAFOOD! YAY! haha. It's so fresh, so garlicky, so yummmy! I always order the Big Easy (sauce), Xtra Crazy (spiciness) and 2lbs dungeness crab, 2lbs crawfish, 1lb live prawns, corn, sausage, potatoes, and whatever else we feel like that day. I must admit the menu was kind of confusing the first time we went there since we thought it was like crabpot. But, I honestly like this better because you can customize your own order and pick whatever you like and order more if you run out. Everything is cooked inside the boil bags so it's alot more flavorful than crabpot and you can also use it as a dipping sauce. Be prepared to get down and dirty, well your hands at least. This is definitely not the spoons and fork type of place, well unless you order the non-boil stuff. But if your going to do that why bother coming here at all? The service is pretty good on the days we went and the decorations are pretty random, but who cares about all that I came here to eat. At least it's always clean, what more can you ask for? It's pretty pricey though, but I guess it depends on what you order. All n all a great hands on kinda place, I love it!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2007,3/13/2008,12,21,13,7,9>Imagine you're in a barn.Now imagine that the barn was abandoned 15 years ago.Now imagine that a couple of local yokels 'refinished the place' with all the odds and ends they could find around town and at the local junkyard.Now imagine there are 4 pool tables.Now imagine a bar where you can get ridiculously cheap (but still decent) beer.Now imagine that it's not very crowded and the music isn't very loud.Now imagine that barn is in the middle of eastlake.You've imagined the local Paradise that is zoo... and lucky for us, it's real.  Go, bring friends, designate a driver, have an overly-fun, overly-cheap night.  ***NO CARDS OF ANY TYPE ACCEPTED (if you forget, there's an atm there, so don't worry too much... the 1.75 fee will be made up for by the ridiculously cheap beer)I was going to give this four stars because I thought to myself "if I give it five stars I'll look like a backwater loser who is interested in his own sister" ... then I thought to myself "who am i kidding... Joanna is SO hot"
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2007,3/12/2008,278,486,8,13,9>When I was little, my mother and I had a ritual of going to afternoon tea.  Although I was a definite tomboy and not such a fan of dresses or brushing my hair, for some reason I was always willing to spend a couple of hours in the rarefied, ultra-girly environment of a tearoom.  I suspect that tiny sandwiches had something to do with it.  The tearoom is super-cute, in a quaint cottagey way: teacups and saucers are hung like ornaments in the vines growing up the building's front, and the windows in the entryway have been converted into birdcages where fat little birds sit and preen for your enjoyment.  Inside, it's patterned wallpaper, floral swags, and knick-knacks as far as the eye can see, including a couple of dolls suspended near the ceiling that may strike diners as a bit creepy.  A handful of tiny tables and booths fill the small dining area, but it wasn't too loud during our visit, despite being mostly full.  We all had the Formal Afternoon Tea ($25, served anytime), which begins with a triple scoop of sorbets and a shortbread cookie.  Then you get the triple-decker tea stand loaded with three kinds of sandwiches (chicken almond with mustard butter, smoked salmon cream cheese, and Fuji apple with chevre cheese and hazelnut spread), mini-scones, cookies, chocolate cake, tiny tarts, fresh fruit, and English muffins and crumpets (though none of us were sure what the difference was, if there is one).  You can add a sparkling wine cocktail for $5 more if you're feeling sassy.  There are several dozen teas to choose from, including black, green, South African red, white, and decaf, so there should be something for nearly every palate.  As a tea veteran, I was feeling sassy and chose Strawberry Pepper, a black tea blended with dried strawberries and peppercorns, which has a mild peppery kick and a bit of tartness.  My companions were new to tea, so they chose the more conservative Vanilla Cream and Vanilla Honeybush, and were both pleased.  Their teas came in French presses, and mine was in a silver teapot - I think I'd recommend the smaller teapot, though, which allows for frequent hot-water refills (the giant French press doesn't, so once their tea started cooling, they were out of luck).  They also brought around small sample cups of tea, and I really liked the Orange Cream flavor, which tastes like a Creamsicle.Yes, they do offer tiaras upon request!  You do have to ask for them, but once we did, they hunted down three matching tiaras for our party, and were very gracious about taking pictures of us.  After your tea, you should also stop in the attached gift shop, which offers all the teas on the menu, plus a variety of overpriced tea gadgets and gifts.  We selected some tea to take home and some bejeweled crown-shaped sparkly brooches - they do sell some lovely tiaras, but the cheapest one was $25, ouch!  In comparison with other tearooms I've been to, the Queen Mary's food is good, but not outstanding.  Really, though, you're going there for the exotic teas, the refined ambience, and the extreme girliness, and in all those respects, the Queen Mary does not disappoint.  A perfect place to start a girls' day out, or for whenever you wish to don a tiara and be waited on hand and foot, the Queen Mary is ideal for your next ladylike gathering.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2008,3/11/2008,200,171,37,23,24>Keith Olbermann is a bad boyfriend.We have a standing date on Mondays Wednesdays and Fridays and if I show up even just a little bit late, he starts without me. He never cuts me any slack.I have plenty of excuses. Sometimes it's hard to find parking at the gym, or maybe I'm just running late, or it could be that 1/2 of the teevee treadmills are out of order and I have to hunt around for one that works. Whatever. Once I get there we get busy for about an hour.But after Keith tells me who the worst person in the world is I always shower at home. The changing room and shower at Mieko's are pretty funky - hair in the drain and wear your flip-flops funky.I used to love taking the cycling classes, but they replaced all the hot bod teachers with average janes who don't look much better than me in their spandex shorts. So I stick to Keith and the dumbbells. I promise I'll be on time tonight, Keith. Wait for me honey, k?
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,3/10/2008,45,73,19,9,13>Since we are still having weather that would make even a viking frolic in the grass while squealing like a 3 year old, I decide to go jogging or "yogging" ( It might be a soft J ).  There is nothing like a beautiful day to make one feel like shit about the beer fat that one has diligently packed on all winter.  Anyhoo, the park is beautiful, even though it is a little grimy and smells like duck poo from time to time.   Look out positive body image, here comes the Andrew express.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,3/9/2008,67,45,15,18,20>"Oh good lord-I need to go shoe shopping!" I think to myself as I am looking down at my  well loved but seen better days black high heel shoes. "I gotta stop shopping at the Goodwill for everything I wear" I think again. So I am in Bellevue I and stop in at the most boutique sounding shoe store I can find. I am having a "whatever it costs- I am spending some money on a great pair of black shoes because I deserve it" kind of day.This place is in the basement of an apartment building and was a little hard to find but worth it. They have shoes there that cost a large chunk of cash but they have a lot of great unique shoes on sale too. The saleswomen treated me like I was "old money" in a good way and pampered me like I was a runway model. She wore leopard flipflops which I thought was hilarious and had a pug with a pink collar.In short I spent $30 on a pair of great shoes that I wear allllllll the time. I used to be scared of Bellevue shops but maybe I will try more snob shopping to get the great service and deals like this place! "Shoes."
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,3/8/2008,779,709,10,10,13>Yeah, that's right, 5 freakin stars.I think I would get kicked out of Bothell, if I didn't, but i actually MEAN it. This is *the* hang out for high schoolers. You are NOTHING if you're first job doesn't include a stint here. Oh yeah, you WILL get to 2nd base if you take you're homecoming date here. THAT is how much the Ranch *IS* Bothell.It is typical "family run small business" fast food. It's consistent, it's yummy, and it's all about killing the arteries for a few bucks.But the best part...BEST part of the Ranch is hitting that walk up window in summer time for some nice soft servce ice cream. Vanilla, Chocolate or for you super-freaks out there (like me) the Twist.Nothing pleases me more than taking someone who's never been here before and watching them order an ice cream cone like they would as some lame ass Baskin Robbins or McDonald's. If you say "large" be prepared. Hell, anything over "kids cone" you should be forewarned.  Those mamma-jamma's are huge!! The look of wide-eyed panic on the eyes of the recipient..you can read their thoughts in slow motion bubbles that spew out their ears.."There ...is...no...way...I ....can....get....that...all..the ...way .....in .....my mouth!!!!!!!"  Priceless fun, yummy eats, and loads of school girl memories!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,3/7/2008,130,114,10,16,10>Yay for Super Buffet!Been to this spot 4 times now, and it's been bomb every single time. Super Buffet succeeds, while others fail, for several reasons.First, location and size. Located near Best Buy and Target, and across from the mall entrance, I think they've snagged a prime spot. The restaurant is large enough to accommodate throngs of hungry shoppers. The decor is plain but cozy. The crystal chandelier in the front entrance is a nice touch.And now the food. Oh yes, glorious food, how I love thee. I'm still full from yesterday. Super Buffet has something for everyone: a limited sushi station, fresh fruit, desserts and a very nice selection of hot items. I had fried frog legs, chicken skewers, buttered shrimp, butterfly shrimp, boiled fish, salmon, pork shui mei, steamed red bean dumplings, the list goes on. They also have pizza and roast beef for the All-American long-haul trucker types. I haven't really eaten the sushi much, because the hot food is so bountiful and tasty. They even have raw oysters, which I've never seen at a buffet before. The buffet is organized in a square, so it is very easy to see what is available. The lines are nonexistent because you are just going from station to station, and you do not have to wait in one long line like traditional buffets. The service is great. I had multiple refills on my soda. Which brings me to another reason why I think Super Buffet succeeds. The workers are constantly refilling food items and stirring food to ensure freshness. Food items rarely run out, and when they do they are quickly replaced.Finally, price. For $13.99 on Friday nights you can have a full complete meal. You can even top it off with a bowl of soft serve ice cream, if you have any room left. Comparing to Todai, you get much more for your money and the service is better. Todai does have a better selection of sushi and desserts, but otherwise I'm all about the Super Buffet.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2007,3/6/2008,0,0,13,22,19>I'm dropping Blackbird down to 3 stars. Ended up going to happy hour for a friend's birthday and the bartender was pretty much an ass and seemed to want us out of there. It's a shame because I like Blackbird but rude, passive aggressive service rather than being helpful is just a deal breaker for me.----I've only gone for brunch but it was thoroughly enjoyable.Some points I really appreciated:- Field roast vegetarian sausage. It's easy to get ovo-lacto vegetarian breakfast with eggs and what not, just leave out the meat. It's hard to find places that serve vegetarian meats and I admit sometimes I crave those. Harder still to find a place that serves them AND real meat so that I can eat there with my more mainstream friends who get scared off by the substitutes.- Good ServiceI used to take it for granted but after countless bad experiences of late I don't. The server was really friendly, she asked if we had any questions when we were ordering, were totally flexible about substituting or modifying an order, checked to make sure we were okay, my coffee cup was always refilled. It's what you should do anyway but so many places don't seem to.- QualityI felt like the food was all good quality items. They use local and organic ingredients. The brunches pretty much hovered around $10 give or take a couple of dollars. You can and I have paid that much at Denny's or IHOP for crap food (it's good for what it is and I crave it sometimes but let's face it they are not quality). They make some of their own baked goods too, like the coffee cake, which was really good.- Atmosphere / DecorI liked it. It was nice without being pretentious. Could be romantic under the right circumstances. The booths were nice and gave privacy. The open kitchen works well in their space.- VarietyThey had a good mix of a breakfast menu. Plenty of vegetarian options, even some vegan ones (all of the scrambles can be done with either eggs or tofu), but items for meat eaters too. There's sweet breakfast, savory breakfast and a big plus for me is that you can get essentially a 'grand slam' style breakfast where you get sweet (French Toast) and savory (eggs and meat) all together. I hate when I want both and have to choose, I want my coffee cake and to be able to eat it too and for another dollar you can sub that instead of your toast.I will say that the lunch portion of their brunch was pretty minimal and could perhaps be expanded a bit, but 9 times out of 10 I want breakfast when I go out for brunch anyway.All in all it was an enjoyable brunch. I'd definitely recommend it. It's got a nice atmosphere and will make pretty much anyone wanting a decent brunch happy weather they be meat eaters, vegetarians or vegans.I'll definitely be back for happy hour sometime and perhaps dinner as well.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2008,3/5/2008,507,655,6,9,10>Nice place, good wine. Sort of the standard WA winery and the one that helped start it all.Oldest winery in WA state and the largest single producer of Reisling in the world.+1 stars for their outdoor concert series.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2007,3/3/2008,221,213,10,12,11>I feel I am extremely qualified to review this Romio's over all the other Romio's I've dined at (that would be Magnolia and Downtown). We live pretty close to this Romio's and dine here fairly often. We've dined in and had delivery quite a bit. I've had many items off the menu and have done lunch and dinner here. The prices are on par with other Greek-like pizzerias in the area. A large cheese is $15.95 and (large pizza) toppings are $1.95. The pizza is not the best, but it's not bad. It's actually pretty tasty! It's good and cheesy and hot. They offer typical toppings, nothing too unusual here. Honestly, anyplace that offers prosciutto is a winner in my book. The sandwiches, oh man, they are yummy! My favorite is the Chef's Special, it has Canadian bacon, pepperoni, salami, tomatoes, mozzarella cheese and homemade pizza sauce on French bread. A half ($4.95) is good for lunch, and I can usually polish off a whole ($8.75) for dinner.Also good for lunch is the gyro ($6.95). Mmmmm, gyros! Nothing unique about the gyros at Romio's, but I love 'em and they are a great lunch! What originally got me hooked on Romio's were the calzones. Oh man, I'm sure they are really just a heart attack delivered free of charge, but they are so good! I usually get the build your own ($9.95) with Canadian bacon, pepperoni and prosciutto. YUM!Last, but certainly not least, my brand new favorite dinner at Romio's is the fettuccini carbonara ($13.95). Um yeah, noodly goodness smothered in a parmesan cheese cream sauce and topped with TONS of bacon? Right over here, please! Served with a couple pieces of garlic bread (garlicky AND tasty!), this meal is so good and makes for delicious leftovers. The side salad served with all pasta dishes is good too. I get a Cesar, and they dump a bunch of cheese on top and give me plenty of croutons and dressing, the makings of a delicious salad IMHO. The one thing that sucks about this Romio's? That one chick who works there and is always pissed off about something. I tend to take things personally, so when I call in an order for a delivery and she gives me attitude, I'm like "What? Is there something on our permanent record that she can see EACH AND EVERY TIME I call in?" I mean, why is she so rude? Very short and unwilling to answer any questions. It's a good thing I really like the food here, because if I didn't, her bad attitude on the phone AND in the restaurant (how hard is it to be nice when taking us to a table and providing us with a menu?) would turn me off from Romio's real quick. Beyond her shitty attitude, the rest of the employees and service here is fine. Nothing to shout about, but not terrible. Timely delivery (sometimes quick, sometimes the 45 min they predict), and the table service at the restaurant is quick. Decent selection of beer on tap. So, if you're in the Greenwood area and craving some decent pizza or damn good pasta meals or awesome calzones, you should check out Romio's!Also, be sure to check out their website for coupons and online ordering!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,7/17/2009,65,37,11,16,15>This is without a doubt the most authentic Italian pizza experience I've ever had in the United States.  I lived for four years in Italy when I was a kid.  Chances are if you talk to me for more than ten minutes, you'll find that out.  When I tell you, it's not that I'm bragging....it's just the four years I lived there had a profound effect on me and shaped who I am more than any other period in my life.  It was just an absolutely idyllic experience for a kid aged 9 to 12.So any place or sound or smell or taste that reminds me of my beloved former home is sure to have a special place in my heart.  Well, Via Tribunali (esp. the one in Georgetown) is a place that reminds me of Italy (it's like this place had balloons attached to it and was transported from Italy to a far away place--Seattle), sounds like Italy (lovely Italian accents and cheesy Italian rock), smells like Italy (garlic and red wine in the air), and most definitely tastes like Italy.  You may prefer thicker crust or more toppings or that the pizza be cut for you (they don't slice pizza in Italy).  But this is the real deal.  When I bite into the pizza here, I bite into Italy.  When the pie enters my mouth, I'm transported back to my childhood in the beautiful Italian Alps.  A simpler time when happiness was never hard to come by and a dull moment never had.  The sepia-tinged memories instantly become full color again.Time travel may not be possible, but every time I'm here, I get to re-live my youth, if only for a few precious minutes.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,7/16/2009,153,353,16,21,19>La Isla tiene la fuerza.English. Right. La Isla, Seattle's premier Puerto Rican restaurant, has the power to:- attract more people than will fit in the restaurant (no reservations, call-ahead seating and will call you when your table is ready)- feature an array of outdoor seating for the few months of nice weather- host a group of 8 for a Sunday birthday dinner seamlessly despite taking up roughly 15% of the restaurant's indoor/winter capacity- appeal to vegetarians and omnivores alike- boast the best rice and beans in the city, perhaps that I've ever had- produce pernil (~$15) and chicken thigh ($14) stew nigh overflowing with flavor- concoct a mean, not too sweet mojito ($6.50)- conjure up 'Isla de Fuego', a house-made habanero hot sauce (upon request, $0.50)- overcome a slightly disappointing 1/2 off appetizer (+ drink specials) happy hour, as almost all the food, including the popular empanadillas, is heavy and fried- disambiguate the "is this a date?" question with a blossoming crush by eminent will - enhance said date overall, even though traces of the ubiquitous garlic mojito sauce are an inevitable third party participant in any and all goodnight kisses- provide high enough quality and quantity to be one of the few pricey restaurants in Seattle where I feel it's sufficiently justifiedIf you are even thinking about trying La Isla for a nicer dinner/date, you should do it.If you aren't thinking about it, it is not yet too late to mend your ways.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,7/15/2009,221,439,14,14,13>Their philosophy, "Eat like you give a damn."   What does this mean you ask?   Well, take this simple test:  Question 1:  Do you give a damn about fresh and local ingredients?        a.) Damn right, I do.        b.) *shrugs*   Question 2:  Do you give a damn about organic and pesticide-free ingredients?         a.) Damn it, yes.       b.) Meh.  Question 3:  Do you give a damn about environmentally friendly (self-sustaining) and cruelty-free ingredients?       a.) HELL YES.  I mean, GOD DAMN IT, HELL YES.           b.) NO.  Who the hell cares?       If you answered "a" to the questions above, then congratulations, you just found your favorite restaurant.  Unfortunately for me, I'm not that cautious about where my food comes from, but there are many other aspects about this place that I admire.  Today, I came in for lunch and I had the "Rancher's Breakfast."  The Rancher's Breakfast comes with 3 eggs (anyway you like them), herb roasted potatoes, choice of black forest ham/pepper bacon/chicken basil sausage, choice of pancakes/French toast and a trip to the toppings bar!    For my choices, I had scrambled eggs, black forest ham and the challah French toast.  I recommend skipping the ham because it was really dry and tough to chew.  However the highlight of every meal at Portage Bay is the trip to the toppings bar.  It's like a game of Jenga -- how much fresh fruit can you put on your French toast without having it tip over?  I really enjoyed the French toast by itself, but once I added the mountain of blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, blackberries and whipped cream, it became heaven, where the whipped cream are the clouds and the angels are made of berries. I came here over ten hours ago and I'm still stuffed.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,7/14/2009,172,350,11,19,12>It's a happy hour that has deals on drinks AND food? Really good deals? AND it goes until 8? Seriously?? I headed here, expecting to figure out the attached strings. Except for there WERE no strings! It really was as good as everyone would have you believe! I had the mini grilled cheese ($4) which wasn't very mini at all and came with a delicious tomato coulis for dipping. I also had the $2 caesar salad, which was entire hearts of romain smothered in delicious dressing. Yeah you have to cut them up yourself but for $2 who gives a crap? My dining companion had the $4 mini burgers and the $2 fries. Actually I should say that "we" had the $2 fries - when they arrived at the table with 3 dipping sauces, one of which was garlic aoli, I started eating them and couldn't stop. The pizzas looked really good and at $5 I almost ordered one even though I was satisfied after my food. CHEAP deals on wine and beer as well. Add convenient location into the mix and I'm sold for life. Never change Sazerac!!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,7/13/2009,317,792,25,21,23>According to researchers at Yale University, the ability to delay gratification is a sign of high intelligence. I've been delaying eating at Pair for so long I must be a freaking genius. I like that explanation better than being a moron for waiting so long to enjoy the likes of Salt Cod & Ricotta Cakes with red pepper aioli and kalamata olives, Gougères (herbed cheese puffs), Smoked Wild Salmon Toasts, watermelon with feta cheese and a rich, meltingly scrumptious chocolate & coffee pot de creme. Really, though, waiting a long time to go didn't do anything for my appreciation for the interior of Pair. I would have loved the cute, cozy, casual French country-ish decor just as much a couple of years ago. The out of the way neighborhood location and wide open doors on a sultry summer night would have charmed me just as much then as it does now. On the other hand, it makes me smarter, so who am I to complain?The only things keeping this from a five-star review are the tables that are just this side of too small, seating that could be just a skooch bit comfier and the Potato Leek Gratin that, while good, had way too much salt. Service was good but not outstanding. There are several menu items I still want to try that will bring me back to Pair. I think that's an intelligent choice.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,7/12/2009,215,299,24,15,15>I never tire of commenting about how much I Love Dicks. Er, wait, I forgot the apostrophe: Dick's; "and then we had Dick's," "I just love Dick's," "Dick's, Dick's, Dick's."I love this joint! It's close to home so we can almost always excuse a drunken late--night stop by for some greasy, delicious, cheesy hamburgers and late night shakes. I only indulge periodically, but nothing on the planet hits the spot when you're drunk than a Dick's burger, limp, flaccid fries, and a chocolate shake. I kind of wish I was drunk right now so I could justify having some Dick's.This location is an easy pop in, pop out on Holman road. Staff usually seem like they're working on an ever-flowing assembly line and they can't wait for the shift bell to ring so they can get the hell out of Dodge, but you know, that's part of the appeal. You won't get a burger quicker, because Dick's doesn't cater to your wants in a burger, you take what Dick's gives you, or you freaking go somewhere else! No special orders here. You order the Deluxe and you don't like lettuce? Stuff it. You eat the lettuce and shut your mouth. I have to -1 for the fact that they only take cash, and I can never seem to carry cash, so going here often times requires an extra stop to get cash somewhere else, which usually turns me off to stopping at Dick's. Can you believe that, turned off by Dicks. Er wait, I forgot the apostrophe again. Darn!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,7/11/2009,149,196,11,15,11>I'm a freak for sweets so I've had a lot of chinese pastries in my day. Pineapple buns are my go to pastry, followed closely by red bean bun or taro bun. From chinatown bakeries in San Francisco, to chained bakeries and supermarkets in LA, or even the real-deal in Taiwan, I must've had hundreds of pineapple buns in my lifetime.Mon Hei Chinese Bakery in International District makes THE BEST pineapple bun I've ever had! It's sweet but not too sweet, the topping has a flaky, buttery consistency, and the bread itself has such a soft, velvety texture!TIP: Take these babies home and nuke them for 10 seconds prior to eating. You can thank me later. :)
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,7/10/2009,87,262,15,15,11>Dear God, it's me, Becky. Will you put a Juice It in my neighborhood, please? You can put it in a hard-to-find basement where no one can see it - just like the one downtown in the Convention building; maybe add one by my laundry room. Juice it does more than juices and smoothies. We had lunch here and oohed and aaahed over our brown rice bowls that varied in ingredients. I had the Tzatziki Chicken Bowl, which comes in a small recycled paper box, with warm brown rice and grains covered with vegetables, fresh cooked chicken and a subtle and light tzatziki sauce. So simple - yet so under appreciated as a meal. I want to try all of their bowls - it was very hard to pick one when they all sounded delicious and nutritious. The staff was happy & nice (probably from eating the healthy food) and I hope to pop in (until one shows up near my front door) as much as possible. Yes - I'll start cooking my own easy rice and veggie dishes at home too!
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,7/9/2009,22,9,17,18,18>i am from georgia. rural southeast georgia. land of hush puppies, collards in pot licker, and catfish from the marsh. i have lived in seattle for over 3 years now and have never tried any southern food because i knew i would be disappointed. however, most of my friends glowed about this place so i thought i would give it a try, and BY GOD, SHITFIRE, this place really exceeded my expectations. i had the catfish with herbed grits and collards and everything was perfect. way better than i've really ever had back home. maybe that doesn't make it authentic, but man was it good. there seemed to be kind of a caribbean theme with some of the items; the catfish had some kind of fiery mango (?) sauce that was good. the atmosphere was good and i like the whole open kitchen idea and old timey photos. the drink menu is creative and also has some old standbys, like a sidecar, which i had. i will say that this place is a little pricey, and would only really go here for special occasions.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,7/8/2009,99,124,10,17,12>"No one frolics like we Alcoholics" it says on the bill. And we frolicked at Knee High on a recent Tuesday night. This speakeasy style bar is of the legal variety, hidden in plain sight as they say in their "catalog" of drinks. In the spirit of the speakeasy, when bars were hidden by misleading entrances or unmarked doors, Jack, the owner, personally escorts you inside the unmarked door and through the dark curtains. It feels like you're coming into a secret club. I've been here a couple of times now and both visits were pleasant and welcoming. Jack ensured that we had a table for our large group. Delilah, our server, took our orders within the first 5 minutes of sitting down. We also had regular refills on water, which was refreshing. The only hiccup was during the departure process, when it seemed to take a while to receive the "book" (aka, bill). A few of us experienced this as we filtered out for the evening. On an earlier visit I had the Knee High Gin & Ginger, which includes these tasty ingredients along with Bitters and soda. More recently I had the P&P, which is Pimm's and Pama Pomegranate. The latter is a bit on the sweet side, which pleases my palate. Both of these lovely libations went down quite easily, and were reasonably priced. As well, I tried the fingerling potato fries which were tender and herby, accompanied by coriander ketchup (which one of our companions creatively heard as Korean ketchup...). Along with their creative cocktails and absinthe, Knee High will be offering punch bowl specials on Tuesday nights. We had the pleasure of sampling some punch on a recent visit. Punches include a blend of sparkling wines, spirits and other ingredients, served in delicate punch glasses. The pricing of said punch is still in the works, but the idea is that a bowl may be shared by 4-6 guests at a table or at the bar, or alternately, drinkers might sample various punches by the glass. I'll be interested to see how this offering evolves, and since it's just down the street from me, I will be returning to frolic again soon.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,8/21/2014,200,531,15,19,17>***Brunch Review***I live just down the street from Duos and it's always been on my list of to-try places but because I've taken its proximity for granted, I never made my way over until this past weekend.My friend and I ventured over around 12pm on Saturday.  There was a really nice crowd enjoying some food, mimosas, and sun and we were seated immediately.  Our server came by right away, took our drink orders (did I mention $3 mimosas?!) and ran us through the menu since it was our first times there.  I was debating between the chorizo has and the vegetable strata but finalized on the strata after my server's tips (I'll be back for the chorizo, btw).  My friend ordered the banana bread french toast with coconut syrup as well as a side of biscuits and gravy (which I got to try some of, yay for sharing!).  Since Duos is a small-plate type of establishment, I wasn't too sure what they were going to do during brunch.  Surprisingly, my Vegetable Strata was incredibly filling (as my server said it would be), and I had to take leftovers home.  The eggs were fluffy, it was seasoned perfectly, and the vegetables were cooked nicely.  My apple salad added a nice, tart contrast to the strata, and the candied walnuts added another flavor/textural component that I really enjoyed.  My friend's banana bread french toast was completely scrumptious and I must come back to order a plate for myself.  Afraid it was going to be overly sweet, the dish proved my wrong and offered a dense and only slightly sweet banana bread with a perfectly paired coconut syrup.  Seriously good. I didn't try any of the biscuit but I was craving sausage and wanted to try the sausage gravy.  It was okay.  The sausage was well seasoned and savory but the gravy was a bit too watery for my liking.  Regardless, it didn't detract from the wonderful experience I had here. Service was awesome while we were there and I can't wait to come back.**Note:  I've had some late night eats here before, as well.  Get the mini corndogs.  People aren't lying when they say they're AMAZING.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,8/20/2014,202,176,10,16,10>Um, wow. If you have not yet checked out this place, you need to get there now.  My bf and I came here on Saturday early evening after a day of kayaking.  First time here and we are absolutely hooked.  Let me start off by writing about the service.  I have never been to a restaurant where the owners are actually working and engaging with every single customer in their establishment.  The gentleman who is the owner checked up on us consistently and you can tell he genuinely cares about his patrons.  The ambiance is so simple and humble... None of that pretentious bs you find at so many restaurants in this area nowadays. There are three things my bf absolutely loves and cannot resist: pork belly, ox tail, and Moscow mule.  We both ordered a Moscow mule and this was the first place in Seattle that I have dined at that actually got it right. Copper cup, perfect alcohol ratio to ginger beer. We first ordered the pork belly sliders and crab nachos.  The pork belly sliders came with fries.  The crab nachos were scrumptious... Lumps of real crab and the guacamole was so fresh.  It was just enough for my bf and I to share.  We each ate one of the pork belly sliders which included pickled onions. Omg... Perfect combo. I need to start a new paragraph for the next dish we ordered... Their fried mushrooms. I will make a special trip back here just for this dish.  And the crazy thing is, I'm not even a fan of mushrooms! My bf orderedIt and I gave it a try... Wow, wow, wow. The breading was so crunchy and you don't get that normal explosion of water you normally get when biting into a fried mushroom.My bf and I have officially found our favorite hangout/restaurant in Seattle.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,8/19/2014,458,139,15,17,16>Came to this place on a whim last week for a quick stop before the airport. I've always enjoyed Irish Pubs, although I normally frequent such establishments for the drinks only. Surprisingly, A Terrible Beauty surpassed my expectations of mediocre bar food.  We ordered the Irish Nachos to share. That thing was HHUUUGE! It could feed a family! We came here  on a Sunday, service was great ,  food was great and beer was great. I liked this place so much I dragged my awesome parents out last night to check it out again.Sign told us to seat our selves so we did just that. Waited 10 minutes and no one came to our table although 4 different servers walked by us and noticed that we were sitting with no menus. I had to walk to the front and grabbed menus for us. Our server finally came, he was very attentive, so I don't know why we were left alone for 15 minutes total. By then we had already decided our order and as always, we ordered way too much.  Remember the Irish Nachos I ordered last week? The left over lasted almost 3 days at home (no joke) but pops liked it so much that we ordered that for appetizer. He ordered the famous Reuben, mum ordered the prime rib dip and the salad, and I ordered the mac-n-cheese with bangers, along with a Guiness and Superpose. Food came all at once and it covered the entire table. I should've mentioned to parents that portions were generous. My mac-n-cheese was incredible! Probably the best mac-n-cheese I've ever had. I'm very picky with mac-n-cheese. I don't like it too cheesy nor condensed. This was just right.  The famous Reuben was fantastic! Cooked perfectly and so tender and juicy. Prime rib dip was our least favorite. My parents were impressed with the food as well and mum loved the place. She didn't know what a "pub" was. Too funny.I can't wait to come back =)
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,8/18/2014,1604,312,11,19,18>Pike Place Market is part of my life's fiber.When I was in college, it was one of the places I went to find retreat.  I worked at World Market on Western Avenue for a summer and the Victoria Clipper on Alaskan Way the next summer, both of which had me walking distance from my "happy place." I can't say if it was the street music that drew me or the soul affection I felt in that crowd.  I rarely had money to spend on more than a bagel and flavored honey sticks, but I remember fondly my lunch hours spent wandering, adoring the goods in the artisan stalls and making friends with the vendors. It is still one of my very favorite places to visit.My family, and friends playing tourists, were always so great about sending me presents from Pike Place when we lived out of state.  I rarely pass up the opportunity to go when someone suggests it now, and, in recent years, I have been on paid food tours of the market and have paid for others to go on those same tours because I love the climate there.  I even considered applying for tour guide positions after our move to Seattle.  While my life station has changed, my heart for that community hasn't.  I honestly think about it every day when I drive by on my way to work, and I always look forward to the monthly e-newsletters they send me.Fun fact: the market mascot, all 500lbs of her, is a brass pig named Rachel.  I told this to my roommate (Rachel) after our first romp there together - the look on her face was priceless!  Both Rachels have a Twitter handle and are active on Facebook.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,8/17/2014,451,337,18,19,21>Happy hour galore-all day (pretty much) and everyday!I heart the Volterra in Ballard. It's small, cute, cozy and dim lit. The food is great. But this one, this one is like a step sister from another mother. It is complete opposite of its ballard location.Ambiance- it is modern. I like the white linen clad tables all around. I like the bright lights. I especially like their bar area. Always so open and airy. And you can see all the hustle and bustle of the kitchen from pretty much every tables in the bar. If you incline, you can actually sit right next to it as well.Service- attentive. I always end up sitting in the bar because it's the less crowded area during their lunch rush. There are a few cool servers that served us well during my several lunches.They have a ton of staffs here. Hostess, manager, servers, bartenders and even the owner/ chef.  They were all pleasant. Food- Happy HOUR!!!!!!!(s) This place- wait for it...wait for it! This place has happy hour 12 pm - 6 pm!!!!! Yeaaaaaaa is it crazy or what?? I mean, really? Who doesn't love happy hour?? And for a nibbler like me, this is perfect. Ordering full blown entress are always a waste of money since I only want 1/3 of my plate. But happy hour! I can get away with tasting a few and not feeling half as bad.*Mussels with sausage in almost cioppino like broth. Serves with garlic spread covered bread. Skip that if you have to meet another living soul after or else!!! Yea. No, not happening. But their warm bread is pretty nice though.* Lamb Oso bouco - pretty heavy dish for lunch but it serves on a bed of polenta. Tender and tasty.* Baked broccoli with cheese- so cheesyyyy!!!!! But tasty. It could potentially put you to sleep!* Seafood cioppino - yummm! I like this dish. Its seafood and tomato sauce. Simple!* Lamb meatballs - heavy tasty dish. And you can get half price pasta dishes! ( Or half portioned: I forget) But they seem pretty big to me. White wine sangria, happy hour wine, blood orange vodka! I always end up getting a drink here when I do lunch because..well it's always happy hour!! It'll be like a crime not to drink. Plus, my lunch companions always talk me into a sangria. At happy hour, you just can't say no :) Now I just wish the darn Kirkland parking meter maid would have a drink or two so she would stop giving me tickets!!!! The only reason I rush out of here every time is to move my car from getting tickets. Else I'd stay here longer, eat more and probably drink more. Fun lunch for sure!*
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,8/16/2014,70,97,6,11,10>My go-to place for Indian food in the U District.The amount of free stuff they give out is ridiculous (in a good way). I almost always get a free appetizer and dessert, but one time I had to wait for a table and they gave my entire party chai tea. It was delicious by the way. I would have paid money for it on my own.Then, the food here is delicious. I wouldn't say it's necessarily a lot better than neighboring competitors, but the free stuff + great service makes it an easy choice, every time. I usually order the tikka masala dish (I'm real adventurous) or the coconut curry. They honestly taste extremely similar, but that's fine because it's the same delicious taste.You should definitely get an order of naan to share with the table while you're at it. The portion size is very large, so it's a great deal.Also, check in on Yelp! You can get 15% off your party's bill (unfortunately, yes, only one coupon per table).
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/15/2014,128,115,9,21,11>The food, better and MUCH cheaper than DTF.  Not as good as Vancouver but I can confidently say this is probably the best in WA when it comes to XLB.Lamb sauce noodles - Not impressed with this one actually, tasted like soup from a can, noodles and toppings were good but overall not impressed.  Not a hint of homemadeness.Beef steamed dumplings - Owner said this is their specialty, good stuff, no complaints.XLB or juicy pork dumplings - Taste as it should, better than DTF and much cheaper.Pan fried pork buns - Very good, but slightly not as good as Vancouver.Braised beef biscuit - Ingredients were good and fresh BUT there wasn't much flavor, I don't know if it's supposed to taste like the ones at yelp.com/biz/peaceful-re… If it isn't then I think it taste fine but just really lacking in flavor.  It does seem to much "healthier" as there weren't much grease/oil.The service, very disorganized.  First 4 dishes came within 20 minutes, the last one took more than 1 hour and 30 minutes.  Saw people who came in later order the same thing getting their order first.  I secretly hope it wasn't because of my lack of mandarin-street cred and ABCness.  No status updates and had to ask for them to follow up a few times, they took the check back to the kitchen and about 15 minutes later came the pan fried pork buns.  They were fresh and very good but we didn't get our check back.  Upon trying to pay, was told by the owner they lost it and we didn't have to pay.  Pleasantly surprised but can't they just print a new one from their computer which should have the recorded the orders?  Anyway, not going to argue, I got a feeling he felt bad we had to wait so long.So I think they are trying, just need to work out the disorganization.  Place is packed with all mandarin speakers so it seems legit.  I will definitely go back but maybe early in the morning and/or with a mandarin speaker.  You won't find better in terms of taste and price in this state and judging by the number of Taiwanese/mainlanders, whether anyone on yelp goes at all won't matter to their business whatsoever.The hours are wrong btw, they open at 730am (WTF?)  Who are the XLB fiends at 730am?
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,8/14/2014,168,890,6,11,7>My husband isn't good when it comes to taking charge and making plans which is why I was SHOCKED when he said that he had made a dinner reservation here for my birthday. We had passed by it a few times...and both LOVE French food so I was excited to go.They had a really interesting cocktail menu - I had a Lazerac which was rye whiskey, lavender simple syrup, bitters and chartreuse. To be honest, I'm not really a whiskey drinker...I got excited about the lavender simple syrup part but couldn't taste any of it in there. It just tasted like a giant shot of whiskey. Anyway, out came the bread and butter. The butter was sprinkled with salt that I've seen in Iceland - it's black volcanic ash salt - and really delicious. I try not to fill up on bread before dinner but couldn't help myself. We were then surprised when they brought out an amuse-bouche of calamari which was in some kind of sauce with sprouts. It looked beautiful - but I don't eat anything from the sea except for salmon so I passed it along to my husband who happily ate it and loved it.For our appetizers, I had the French onion soup (in veal stock) and Mike had the crab beignets. I loved that the soup was much less salty but richer than beef stock. It was just the right amount portion-wise in my opinion. Mike loved the crab beignets as well - there were only three which he downed quickly - but they were super pretty. For dinner, I opted for the roast chicken with brussel sprouts and roasted potatoes which was delicious! There were three large pieces of chicken - one white meat and 2 pieces of dark. There were only a few shredded brussel sprouts - it would have been nice to have a few more. And about 5 or 6 baby smashed roasted potatoes. I couldn't finish everything and brought one of the pieces of chicken home.Mike had the steak which was HUGE! I read some reviews saying that the portions were pretty small - but we definitely didn't seem to have that issue.We were going to do dessert at home but when I saw that they had beignets with ice cream and caramel sauce, I couldn't resist. It was lovely because my husband had told the restaurant that it was my birthday and they brought out a candle in the beignets. It was a nice little touch.The service was impeccable. They acted just like in a French restaurant where they wait until everyone is done with their course before clearing plates. They don't try to bore you with small talk, are efficient, quick, and always on top of things. As soon as our water glass was about half full, someone would always be there to top it off. I took the napkin ring off my napkin and seconds later, someone snatched up the trash. It was really impressive.The chef came around right at the end of our meal, and he was delightful. I hate when managers at restaurants come up to everyone and say "How is everything?" and say the same thing to every customer. The chef was really personable and we had a really nice conversation with him. I've been gushing like crazy about this place to anyone and everyone who will listen. Come here, ASAP!
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,8/13/2014,124,124,4,12,10>**FIVE STARS**  **FIVE STARS**  **FIVE STARS**We stopped in for dinner on Valentine's Day (no reservation)...and we weren't sure if they allowed kids into their establishment.The restaurant is dark (bar type atmosphere), and they had a live band playing -- and you know what else?  THEY ALLOW KIDS!!  They have kiddie menus, crayons, the whole nine-yards.We sat right by the band (which is ALWAYS there on Wednesday nights), my kids LOVED watching them play, and the bassist even played "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" for our three-year old.We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, and the calamari ($10) for our appetizers.  The dates were fantastic, and $2 a piece.  The calamari does not come with a dipping sauce...but don't scoff at that...they have spiced it up so nicely it does not need any sort of sauce!!My husband ordered the Bolognese ($16) - it's pasta, beef tomato sauce, Parmesan, and herbs.  And he would not shut up about how FANTASTIC it was!I ordered the Truffle Macaroni ($17) it's bacon, onion, spinach, provolone, parmesan, and white truffle oil.  It was good, but next time - I think I'll get the Fettuccini Alfredo ($15) with chicken ($5), it's pasta, cream, garlic, mushrooms, sundried tomatoes, Parmesan, and parsley.Our kids ordered the marinara and the macaroni & cheese (each dish was $6)Your meal is served with bread, our waitress was attentive, and we never saw the bottom of our glasses.We will definitely be back!  Especially on Wednesday's...'cause the band ROCKS!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/12/2014,111,145,12,14,13>I seriously considered being selfish and not reviewing this place. I want this place to be entirely mine and not have crazy Qs come between me and my humble pie. But then that wouldn't be fair to the Humble Pie team.I have tried the mushroom, pulled pork and sausage pizza. The sausage pizza is hands down the best ever! I think humble pie can give serious pie a run for it's money. The establishment is small and cozy. There are some benches outside - that will surely be getting filled during summer months. They have a great happy hour with $5 margherita pies. Wish they had low-calorie drink options. Service is very good and everyone is super friendly.4.5 stars, rounds up to 5. Half star only off since the toppings feel a bit less and not every bite is meaty.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,12/21/2011,149,196,13,11,9>[Cue tragic romance music.]There are some relationship that you never get over.  Marnee Thai, in San Francisco, was my very first Thai experience.  Gentle, sweet (and spicy), and always up for a nice dinner when I was tired from a hard day at work.I never thought I'd get over Marnee Thai.  Since I moved away to follow my destiny, I've thought often of our decade-long history together.[Cue slow motion running on the beach toward a new love music.]Now, I can barely remember the many nights spent with my old love in the San Francisco fog.  And, in retrospect, I always had to go to Marnee's place for a fun night.  My new love comes straight to my house.Phayathai Cuisine is not only good in comparison, but outshines my past love in many ways.  Coconut curries, spicy noodles, and outstanding delivery service give Phayathai Cuisine the edge on any past Thai food relationships.Five stars for lighting my Thai food fire that I thought would never burn again.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,12/20/2011,133,298,19,20,21>This is one of my favorite brunch destinations in the Seattle area.When I first come here, I order a drink right away. Their mimosas are always yummy, but if I'm looking to mix it up, I'll just switch to a Bloody Mary. The drinks are always top notch, and I love that the garnish is overflowing in the Bloody Mary. Just how I like it!The drinks are the perfect accent to the complementary mini muffins which are brought to the table. These take complimentary bread to the next level, offering a huge variety of goodies to munch on. Once, they were pumpkin muffins with sunflower seeds; another time, delicious chocolate chip muffins. Really, I could munch on these and sip cocktails all day, but then I'd be missing out on some amazing entrees!!Their brioche french toast ranks among the best french toast I've had. With a bit of syrup it's perfect. But what if you're craving brioche, but don't want the sweet option for brunch? Well, then let me direct you to the Croque Madame!! A delicious ham sandwich with their brioche bread topped with a fried egg. Paired with a nice side salad, it makes the perfect brunch entree.Now, let me say that there are some entrees that have left me a little disappointed. For example, the Eggs in the Basket entree gets you (for the same cost as the Croque Madame) only *one* piece of brioche, eggs, a mushroom / bacon sauce, and no side salad. I can understand how that entree would be a bit of a let down. So my advice - don't stray from the stars of the menu!! French toast, Croque Madame, and a nice brunchy drink, and you'll be just fine. If you're worried about ordering two entrees, then fear not - the french toast also comes as an appetizer. :)
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,12/19/2011,468,742,7,14,11>When I saw fried chicken on the menu I knew I had to order that dish!  Ok I was a little hesitant because it's $18 but I went ahead and ordered it.  I mean who could resist the sound of fried chicken with bacon mousse topped with a sunny side up egg?Overall this was a delicious dish.  The chicken itself was white meat with the bacon mousse in the center.  I thought the bacon mousse was weird...I'm not quite sure if it was the texture of it or that I didn't expect it to be in the meat.  Whatever it was, I just scraped it to the side of my plate. Other than that, the meat was juicy and the "skin" was more of a breading.  Normally I'm not too crazy about grits but I enjoyed the savoriness of the cheesy grits that accompanied the dish.  The collard greens were good as well.Sadly, dessert is only served during dinner.  I guess that just gives me another reason to come back.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,12/18/2011,153,353,8,12,12>A hidden gem in plain sight. (No, seriously. I walked right by it twice on my first visit and I knew the address and I'm not particularly navigation-challenged.)Tommy Gun, despite a name that conjures bravado and glitz of a day gone by when at least the imagery of organized crime and the government were disjoint, is actually quite a low-key place. I'm not sure if this is the long-term vision or concept but it is the current implementation.I chose it blind for holding an event for a dozen or two of my closest acquaintances at the suggestion of the lovely Katy H. and was not disappointed. Erin, the owner, was accommodating and even came over to make sure we were all doing alright.Warning: this is not a place to grind, lose oneself in the crowd, or to bring a date with whom a persistent "untz untz" would be preferable to the torment of attempting a conversation, intelligent or otherwise. It's also not a vehicle to get from zero to drunk as cheaply as possible as the cocktail menu ranges from ~$8 - ~$10 and includes a few delicious experiments. It's, instead, a mood-lit dark wood venue to enjoy an alcohol beverage or six, be merry and talk over the manageable music level.Perhaps it's just my old age shining through but I wish there were more bars like Tommy Gun. I just hope it's going to stick around in its present form since the name and location really don't scream what I believe are its strongest selling points.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,12/17/2011,713,559,8,10,13>The Woods is Capitol Hill's best new dance club and is a great addition to the building occupied by the already popular Grim's and The Butterfly Room. I was able to visit this spot during a friend's birthday and was really impressed by the look and feel of the decor which is sort of a modern, stylized take on the interior of a log cabin and is very simple but doesn't come across as plain or boring.The wood coloring and texture give off a warm and welcoming vibe which allows you to focus on trying out those new moves you've been testing out on Dance Central at home (I know you've been shufflin'!). This isn't a huge space by any means, but you will find a good sized bar in one corner, bathrooms on the other side, and pretty much nothing else but the dance floor in between. No reason to mess with lots of tables, chairs, or other lounge style decor, just lots of room to do the running man, the robot, or even the Dougie (I know you just busted a little robot move as you're reading this!).A perfect night out could easily consist of a delicious dinner and drinks (which come in mason jars!) at Grim's on the first floor, some fancy cocktails in the dark and swanky butterfly room one floor up, and then on to the third floor for shots, PBR's, and dancing the night away in The Woods. Now pull up those saved episodes of SYTYCD that I know you have on your DVR, get your practice on, then head down to The Woods to show everyone what you got!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,12/16/2011,120,67,9,9,9>For the most part, Red Mill lives up to its reputation. They serve a variety of juicy cooked to order burgers and thick, tasty onion rings. It's worth standing in line to at least try their offers a least once. I like the fact that they don't allow cell phone usage within the restaurant itself. It's kind of nice  to see a place where people are enjoying a meal and talking with each other rather than being an the phone.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,12/15/2011,779,709,13,15,13>SwankSexyStrong drinksIt is small and unassuming from the outside but once inside, small becomes intimate and unassuming becomes unpretentious.Thanks much to Victoria and Heidi for putting together an event to lure us in here. I live right down the street and have never made it in, and a nice place like this seems well suited to Kirkland. The Eastside has a rough time having any sort of "club" or "lounge" ...we desperately need them for nightlife, but then they never seem to last very long when they are there. Even from "across the bridge" Seattle is too much competition.  I certainly hope this is not ever the fate of Tervelli. Javier, behind the bar, is awesome and doesn't lighten his pours. Probably some of the better drinks I've had in Kirkland proper. Of all the places I've been that this lounge reminisces of, or is like, Tervelli has pulled it off the best. They used and have decorated the space well, so rather than being small and clunky, it's smooth and inviting.  And I hear HH is *all day* Monday? ...guess who's going back sooner than she thought?
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,12/14/2011,254,164,15,12,11>Obesity - here I come! Tried the fried chicken on a biscuit bathed in Tabasco black pepper gravy while lunch date had the spring onion and mushroom sandwich special. Her sandwich was delicious and my grub was heavenly. It's in my tummy right now and I feel like a mother-to-be with a precious cargo within. The interior is innovative, sharing space with Serious Pie upstairs and Soul Wine next door. Service is quick and friendly. The atmosphere is chic without being cold at all. And so close to my work! It's a good thing I have to walk because that gravy is sweet sweet manna. Dahlia Workshop, I will return and I will bring butter for my ass so I can squeeze through the door.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,12/13/2011,475,222,16,19,16>HOW CUTE! look at you Kiriba... aren't you just precious!!!!Okay folks... no Kiriba isn't a cute little dog (though wouldn't that be an awesome name?). Kiriba is a cute little sushi restaurant, hidden on 145th by Greenwood. It's a fabulous place for a lunch.When you first walk up to it, it doesn't look at all like an restaurant you'd expect, more so like walking up to someone's home... but walk in and you'll be in for a surprise. A full kitchen with a sushi chef toiling away, cozy interior with nice little Japanese touches. It's a great place to take friedns for a lunch or a date.Don't let the small stature fool you, the food is on point! The fish is really good, fresh, and the prices are pretty reasonable.Check this cute little house out... and when you go... take me!5 i-ra-shai-ma-sen stars out of 5
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,12/12/2011,499,896,20,16,21>I admit that I am having a tempestuous affair.It's brief, and we only see each other seasonally, because I admit I can be fickle and to be fair, Sambar has many other lovers I'm sure. I certainly know I can't be the only one who feels like this.Sitting on the patio, I am immersed in the sweet summer breeze that flows through, knowing it's lucky to pass through such a lovely space.The bewitching waitress comes near us, and after a few words, brings us back a glass filled with a sultry and resplendent cocktail called the Transparence Rose and after ingesting, I am immediately blissed, my head and heart both engaged and flushed.My charming date has En Soleil, which is clearly the matador of cocktails, bold but cunning, it will win with wit over brute strength with a flourish. It brings as much pleasure as the rose, but in a different way.We order food, the Croque-Monsieur, frites and Salade du Maraîcher....and as the fork meets our lips, with each bite comes a sigh, a moan, but the other diners don't even look up, they're involved in their own affair with the place and know exactly the pleasure it can bring.I don't urge you to go, I am a jealous lover when it comes to sharing something this wonderful. But if you are lucky, perhaps I'll bring you there and you can experience the étonnant sophistication found just on the other side of that gate.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2005,8/27/2005,17,76,,,>Fine dining experience in the Capitol Hill area of Seattle. I go for a nice martini, firstly. Sit outside on the deck and relax, if the weather permits. Eventually I'll order a plate of steamed penn cove mussels in a yummy broth and maybe a salad(red bibb lettuce with creamy chive dressing, cucumber, tomato and grilled croutons). This makes for a pleasant day indeed.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,8/26/2005,2,58,,,>Crepes and deliciousness, oh my.  Mimosas and a great Seattle-ambiance for a mid-morning weekend brunch.  The perfect spot to meet a friend for delicious dark roast coffee, good food and chipper conversation.  Highly recommend checking this place out.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,8/25/2005,39,131,1,,>Easily my favorite place to have afternoon tea! Their menu provides a variety of choices for tea as well as snacks. They are located in Bothell's famous Country Village. I have met my Mom here a few times for a catching up and hanging out. It does incorporate an "English" feel to it and the owners are English. My favorite tea is the Jasmine tea and the best sandwiches are the cucumber and cream cheese sandwiches.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2005,8/24/2005,3,82,1,3,1>This little restaurant ROCKS!!! Most Japanese people who live in Seattle know about this place.  It's CHEAP and food is SOOO good.  However, it's a street parking so sometimes, it takes a while to find a spot.  Also, they close relatively early at night (like 9?), so you might want to get there by 8pm at the latest.  They don't have any sushi - mostly kitchen food, but it's authentic.  It's a cozy, family-owned restaurant.  You've gotta try their fried rice.  It's by far the best fried rice I've ever had.  Their ramen is okay, but not the best.  But, it's definitely worth driving into Seattle to eat at Takohachi.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2005,8/23/2005,2,14,,1,>A hidden secret, just off the main drag in Monroe... I know you're thinking Monroe, but WOW this little Italian restuarant it wonderful. And Jimmy the owner is a true New Yorker who will have you laughing in no time. Handmade pizza dishes and to die for pasta dishes... If you're ever in Monroe and want great Italian I suggest you check it out, though go early, it is small and gets packed Friday and Saturday nights.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,8/22/2005,99,63,,1,>Not only does this place have an active, modern atmosphere with interesting art and sculpture lining the walls, but the food is amazingly great as well. The waitresses are friendly too. For some reason, there are no waiters, just waitresses. But I don't really have a problem with that.People tell me that all the food is good here, but I'm so hooked on the Pad Thai dish that I never order anything else except for soup and an appetizer. A single dish is so filling that I can usually only eat half of it (except for one time, when I was really hungry).You can choose your spice level for each dish from one to five stars. I go for five stars, which is hot enough to make me hiccup just like eating anything even slightly hot does (don't know why, I think I got it from my dad). Of course, it's only just spicy enough to tickle my desensitivized Indian tastebuds.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2005,8/21/2005,9,9,2,,>I had the pleasure of checking out Paramount Theatre when I got GA Pit tickets for one of my favorite bands Interpol. When I first entered the concert hall I was awestruck by the high cealings with elaborate domes and elizabethan (maybe?) architecture. The ticket handlers and the product vendors were very fast and efficient, a little bit of edge if you rubbed them the wrong way, but for the most part they were helpful. The acoustics of the venue were not the best, I can imagine a band that uses lots of distortion sounding echoey, but for two relatively relaxed bands the sound was great. I think this venue for the size to sound ratio is one of the best in Seattle, the Key being plenty big but way terrible acoustics, and the number of small venues with mediocre sound. So if a band is coming to the Paramount that you are iffy about seeing, go see it anyway and if the band sucks, you can put in earplugs and stare at the cealing, it's worth it.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2005,8/20/2005,0,0,,,>I felt sorry for Saito because when we sat down there was a party of 6 people next to us hogging the sushi bar and they all ordered from the kitchen. That's really too bad because this guy seems like a serious chef. There was an autographed picture of Kazuhiro Sasaki behind the bar which was really nice to see! The omakase featured some inspired and unusual choices of obscure fish/clams which offered many different tastes that balanced the meal very well.  There were a lot of gaijin nihongo otakus there which was funny, including the tall blonde waitress who we learned had lived in Japan for 9 years. The decor was odd for a modest Japanese restaurant and was really not fitting.  The high bar stools were a lowlight of the otherwise incredible meal.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2005,8/19/2005,60,614,,,>Where better to cool off on a hot Seattle summer day?  Granted, those don't happen all that often but with a lack of air conditioning around the city, this place will keep you sane.  Lessons are available but try to get into a class with other clueless adults 'cause the kids will make you look like a dweeb. Unintentionally of course.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2005,8/18/2005,40,428,,1,>This dark little diner is one block from pike's place market, and happens to be one of the best kept secrets in all of seattle. Dirt cheap prices, smart talkin' waitresses, and an almost [but not quite] seedy atmosphere has made me come here many times. There egg rolls while only a dollar each, would go for quadruple the price elsewhere, and the menu has many samples to whet any appetite. Whether you want a burger meal for lunch [under 4$] or the teriyaki meal including salad [also under 4$] - you'll want to remember to order this for lunch any time you're downtown. Don't forget to tip nicely, they deserve it!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2009,7/14/2010,87,262,9,11,12>As good as I wanted/expected it to be. Seafood stew - fresh and perfect. Tuna sandwich, though too much to eat, was delicious and juicy and flavored just right. The bloody mary + snit was spicy, cool and fabulous. Not a complaint to be had. Excellent service, good people-watching. And a nice respite from the busy streets below. Our walk to the market was rewarded with this delightful lunch!
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,7/13/2010,331,569,14,18,15>The Redwood has morphed into my go to bar on the hill.  The scene on the hill on weekends walks the fine line between bearable and terrible.  However, despite its charms, Redwood remains for the most part unscathed from the overcrowding of scenesters.  Weekday or weekend, cheap beer flows, green bean casserole gets eaten, peanut shells get thrown, the juke box gets played and laid back kids have a good time.The faux hunting cabin decor is a bit overdone on the hill, but Redwood seems to look more tried and true than the rest.  Plus, they have Big Buck Hunter, how's that for authentically rustic?  This girl is from Idaho and I approve.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,7/11/2010,157,290,8,11,13>**** My 100th Review**** Well worth my 100th review!!!!! So you know all those shampoo commericals where the gal goes in looking all tore up, and comes out looking fabulous with bouncy ,full of volume silky smooth hair? Well this is the place that will give you that exact experience!!! I absolutely love their concept! Blow outs and styles all for about $30?!? All in about 30 minutes? Seriously?!? Can't beat it!! I came in recently for a same day appointment and had Meghan do my style. 30 minutes later my hair looked absolutely gorgeous as if i had spent the whole day at the salon. That girl can really work a flat iron!! It's an absolutely wonderful concept: Nothing but blowouts and or style as well as makeup and eyelash extensions. No cuts or colors which is A-OK in my book any day. The staff is super friendly, accommodating, and their shop is super clean and very chic. They are great at their craft and it's wonderful what a quick blow out or style can really do to ones confidence. I highly recommend skippy other well known local salons for your updo's or blow-outs- because Swink's prices can NOT be beat nor can the great styles the offer.  Great for dates, dances, weddings, or just because.I will be back for a new style soon!!!
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,7/9/2010,140,456,14,20,19>I hadn't been here in 18 years!  My high school prom was held at the Arctic Club, now the Arctic Club Hotel.  From what little I recall, this place hasn't changed much--it's still got that old-school Seattle cachet and walrus decor.I came to the Polar Bar to meet up with some other yelpers and toss back a few drinks.  The prices are a little expensive and the atmosphere can get a bit loud, but the drinks are top-notch.  We had a pretty big group and our server handled it without a hitch.One of the Polar Bar's signature drinks is the old fashioned, an old favorite of mine.  It's surprisingly easy to screw up this simple cocktail, but theirs was excellent (and for $11 it had better be).  My favorite drink was their blood orange sidecar, made with Metaxa.  This one was passed around the group and others agreed it was quite tasty.  They've also got a variety of absinthe, for those who like to chase the green fairy.The bar is in the lobby of the hotel and can be hard to find if you don't know where to look.  I recommend using the entrance on Cherry--walk past the hotel registration desk and the bar will be on your right.  I'm not sure I'd make this bar a destination, but if you're downtown or in Pioneer Square it'd be a good place to impress a client (or a gaggle of elite yelpers).
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,7/8/2010,220,284,13,15,13>How can I not give it 5 stars? It's got no competition after being around a few generations. The lady preparing my crumpet like a pro gave me a mini history lesson in 2 minutes. Many of their customers used to come to the shop as kids and now bring their own kids. Cue the series of "awwwws." Way too precious.Crumpets trump English Muffins (hey are they both from the UK?) and let me tell you why. It's spongier and has fun little pores that perfectly hold any topping you throw at it. And isn't it more fun to say? I thought so. Lunch specials include soup + crumpet for less than 6 bucks. They have a deliciously surprising selection of savory & sweet. I chose the ricotta, almonds and honey which mysteriously disappeared into crumbs before I barely stepped outside the door. Plus I trust my gut feeling and once I stepped into the warm, cozy place with bustling, smiling crumpet-masters, I bought the last bag of 6 crumpets before I had ever even tasted one. They've been my breakfast all week. =D
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,7/7/2010,207,130,8,13,11>This is a good pizza place, both in terms of food and ambience.  They serve the really thin crust, wood-fired-oven-style pizza, and use the freshest ingredients.  My wife had the margherita pizza (tomato sauce, buffalo mozzarella, and basil) and I had the sausage and broccoli rabe pizza.  Both were delicious.  The tomato sauce is fresh and light.  The broccoli rabe provided a nice pepperiness (it may not appeal to all) to contrast with the mellow meatiness of the sausage.  The buffalo mozzarella (which cost $5 extra), though, didn't seem worth the extra money.  You can go with their regular margherita (with, presumably, cow-milk mozzarella), and I don't think you'll lose that much flavor.We also ordered their white anchovies -- thin filets of anchovies, covered with olive oil, squeezed lemon juice and minced garlic -- and it was delicious, fishy, briny goodness.  My wife had the arugula salad with shaved grand padana, which was good.  My house mixed salad is not worth getting, though -- just a regular salad with tomato, some crumbly mozzarella and tuna that tastes of the can.We finished with tira misu for dessert, which was light and had a good, robust espresso flavor.  Too bad that delicious flavor didn't carry over to the espresso that I'd ordered, which had an unpleasant sour tang.The ambience is awesome -- you feel as though you are in a small monastery, with the brick walls, the stained glass art, and the really high ceilings of wooden beams.  And they have Spaten beer on tap, which is cool.The service was spotty -- everyone was friendly and funky, but our main server seemed overly preoccupied with the ordering machine, rather than strolling by to see if there was anything else we might need.  I'm hoping that she was new or was having an off day.But we will come back because there were several other things that we wanted to try, like the oven roasted clam appetizers and the quattro staggioni and quattro fromaggi pizzas.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,7/6/2010,168,209,12,13,15>I usually find myself waking up on a Saturday with 10-13 places in my queue to review from the past week and start knocking out reviews. Usually when I start them during the week I just enter random text, like "dfdggd", and save it to be reviewed for later. For Canlis I saved one word - "epic". I was lucky enough to get to go to Canlis with the amazing Susan S. and Vanessa H. and on top of that it was restaurant week! The two worst things that happened that night were them still steaming the tablecloth as we were being seated and confusing who ordered which tea. And I did find it a bit tacky to charge for the valet after we spent so much on dinner. But basically the night was perfect. Since there were two choices for each of the restaurant week courses we ordered everything on the restaurant week menu and then proceeded to order a bunch of items off the regular menu and shared all of it. It's a long list of stuff so here goes nothing... Appetizers - amuse bouche gazpacho - cauliflower & crab soup - Canlis salad - steak tartare Small Plates - twice-baked potato - truffle fries Entrees/Small Plates - lamb with handmade fettucini - halibut - nettle tortellini Dessert - rhubarb shortcake - creme brulee - chocolate covered chocolate with salted caramel ice cream I think we did the right thing sharing everything. I have to say that even though everything was great some of the plates I felt I enjoyed a lot more because I had a smaller portion. I think on my next excursion to Canlis I'll definitely order the tasting menu. The steak tartare, twice-baked potato, tortellini, and piping hot fries Mark Canlis personally had them bring us after our first order got cold were the highlights for me. Unlike some other reviewers I actually really liked the view. It's not quite the view at Palisade or like eating at a restaurant on the ocean in San Diego, but it had a charm all its own. Whereas Palisade feels separated from Seattle, the view at Canlis makes it feel like it is part of Seattle. And as a local family-run restaurant open for over 30 years it truly is part of the city. I can't say enough for how great the service was here. Everyone was very friendly and made you feel like it was an honor to serve you. But as a warning to men reading this, when Mark Canlis comes around hide your women. He charmed me and I'm pretty sure Vanessa and Susan wanted to run off with him. I'm not going to try to tell people this place is for everyone; it is expensive. If you go just for the food itself I doubt you'll find it worth the price tag. But if you appreciate great food, friendly service, incredible cocktails, an awesome valet, a great view, and a locally owned and family-run restaurant you definitely need to check out Canlis. It will be a night you'll never forget. The only dinner that has made me as giddy as Canlis was Per Se, and that's saying a lot. I love this place.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,7/4/2010,290,437,11,14,10>I get off work at nine, and that happens to coincide with when Happy Hour begins... I work a few blocks away and this is close to boyfriend's apartment. So, in summary, any place that offers an alternative to Applebee's is right up Allie's alley [get it?!]I loved it. We'll definitely be back... probably within the next few days, actually. Tonight we had the habanero macaroni and cheese with panko breaded chicken, and the calamari fingers. Followed up with marionberry pie a la mode, and a couple of drinks it was very reasonable pricewise, with service attentive enough to get everything we needed without feeling like we invited the server to sit down at our table [thanks Erica!].
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2009,7/3/2010,141,414,7,14,13>All you meat eaters out there may turn your nose up to vegan food. No meat or dairy?! Are they trying to kill you?! Absolutely not but I hear your concern. I'm a vegetarian yet vegan food makes me nervous. My first experience at a vegan restaurant was meh but after the lovely Hannah L. sent me her review of Plum my interest was piqued and I was willing to give a vegan place a second chance. On a wonderful night I and two fellow Yelper friends met at Plum. The restaurant is simply decorated and small but the space feels airy especially with the huge roll-up window opened. You can view 12th Ave and people watch. We sat next to the open window and soaked up the calm breezy summer night.Everything on the menu had a terrific description and it was hard to choose. There are tofu options, sandwiches, entrees consisting of pasta, pizza, and an eggplant dish. I decided to try the BBQ Po'Boy that had pickled onions and greens that came with sweet potato french fries.The food arrived and I was blown away by the size of my sandwich. It seemed as if a fork and knife were in order but I decided to get down and dirty without them. The sandwich was phenomenal! The BBQ sauce was savory and sweet and the "meat" was cut into huge chunks. The pickled onions were a great addition to the sandwich. I am not a fan of raw onions in the slightest but I couldn't get enough of these. The sweet potato fries were to die for. They were cooked just right and were topped with a cilantro ailoi that I am still enamored with. My dining companions were all very happy with their entrees. We eagerly ate and boasted how yummy everything was. Our waiter was incredibly attentive and helpful when asked about the wine menu even though he admitted he didn't know much about wine. He made sure our glasses were always full and asked frequently how we were doing.Even if you are unsure about vegan food I challenge you to dine at Plum. You will be flabbergasted by the wonderful flavors you are presented with. Give it a try!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,7/2/2010,262,106,23,14,12>The roof (of my mouth), the roof (of my mouth), the roof (of my mouth), is on fire! We don't need no water (beer), let the mother effer' (myself) burn!Every now and then I make some poor decisions - some of which are detrimental to my health, others simply make me look like an idiot - and thinking the spicy chicken at Ichiro was just as not-spicy as every other teriyaki joint happened to be a big boo-boo I made last night."Oh, I'll just grab some extra hot sauce and red pepper flakes when I get home. I'm a man, I can take it."Boy was I wrong! Not about the being a man part (because honey, I'm about as manly as a.... wait. I'll uh, save that for private love making time) but about the I-can-handle-a-bushel-of-spices-all-up-in-and-­around-my-eating-receptacle part. Foolish was I for slapping on all that extra hot sauce, for the bits of fowl goodness - foul meaning chicken, not bad - that were not drenched in red death were perfectly spicy. Fantastic, delicious, and amazing.But what the heck is up with teriyaki joints and their salads? I usually just ignore that little styrofoam/now-environmentally-friendly treasure chest that contains a handful of bagged lettuce alongside a little pool of "dressing" and go straight for the chicken. I've never had an eye opening experience when shoving a teriyaki joint's salad down my throat and I'm okay with that. If there's rice and chicken in the much larger treasure chest, it's all good my little sugar baby.Service here was fantastic and I am about 89% sure I will be back to try the spicy chicken again - sans extra chili sauce. I've been told they make sushi here as well... but maybe that's just from the name.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,2/19/2009,79,135,4,8,7>Taste Rating: 5 starsIn my view, the beauty of French food is highlighting and accentuating the natural flavors of the core ingredients by using subtle and complimentary aroma and essence.  Chez executes this art flawlessly with ease in their dishes.  Initially I felt that the food was blend but as I took more bites my palette, which is used at everyday salty and sweet sauce loaded food, started to recognize the natural flavors of dishes.  It was a beautiful thing.  Into the dishes we go.  I started with the beef tartare.  Unrecognizably well blended aroma really helped me taste the natural savor and texture of high quality beef.  With a little Balsamic reduction on the side, the meat just dissipated in my mouth.  For main course, I got the duck confit from the recommendation of the French lady. Duck confit recommended by a French?  I had to do it. Huckleberry Demi Glace Duck with the side of Carrot Yam Puree & Organic Braised greens.  Duck was cooked to perfection.  It was braised so well, it just pulled apart from your fork but the meat still kept together where I could enjoy that unique texture duck meat.  That paired with Huckleberry Demi Glace?  Words can't described that.  BTW, Huckleberry Demi Glace very ingenious.  Also the Carrot Yam was so fine and silky.  My lady and I kept wondering how they did that.  We kept throwing out ideas of how they could have made so fine.  We couldn't figure it out.   My lady had the seared ocean trout with orange cream sauce.  It wasn't creamy at all.  Sauce was actually not visible but the hint of citrus again accentuated the unique taste of the "Ocean" Trout.  It was a cross between Salmon and Sea Bass.  Very good.  Not too overwhelming like Salmon can be sometimes.  Some mutant fish I tell you!  It was radioactive hazardously delicious.  Perfect balance of texture and aroma.  Crispy skin vs. super moist meat.  Citrus aroma vs. ocean aroma.  God vs. Satan.  Water vs. Fire. Good vs. evil......Sorry.  I got lost in the flavor flashback.  Great service.  Everybody is SUPER sweet there.  Super sweet French lady, she probably owns the place, takes all the orders and gives great recommendations.  People who work there greet you with a smile and send you home with a smile.  Excellent service.  Ambiance is another plus for this place.  Quaint, rustic and warm describes this place perfectly.  Extremely romantic and private.  You will win some points if you bring your other half here.  In the end, it was a great experience and a lesson on food.  It reminded me not to get so caught up in the popular modern day flavor overload mentality and take time to experience the true flavors of the natural ingredients at times.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,2/18/2009,124,582,9,12,10>Say it with me, Rom Mai Thai, Tom Kah Gai...oh wait, just repeating the chorus of praise which others already began....But why not? Silky smooth soup, with lovely swirls of chili oils, meaty mushrooms, tender chicken, hints of ginger and lime, perfectly warmly spiced for a cool evening....It was a welcome surprise at the end of a long day with no food. I do love surprises when a thoughtful person remembers that you haven't eaten, and you might like wine, and some wonderful company...but it would have been surprisingly great even if I was sitting on a bench eating in the cold. Spoon out the white rice into your bowl, pour in your soup, and yum. So again: Rom Mai Thai, Tom Kah Gai....
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,2/14/2009,286,643,17,19,18>Want to know how to wow a woman on a date, let alone a FIRST date? Take them to Canlis. Being that I love fine food and fine wine yet have the budget for Taco Bell and Boone's Farm, I was beyond elated when I got to go here for a dinner. The service from the get go is unbelievable. The valet doesn't take a name, give you a ticket, yet at the end of the night, your car magically appears at the entry. We were greeted quickly and my jacket was taken away, and we were seated at a GREAT table. At first it seemed odd to me that at this table we were sitting next to each other, leaving the other side of said table empty... but this was AWESOME for people watching, kitchen watching... view watching. We each started with a wonderful cocktail, and I had already pre-read the wine menu online and made my selection beforehand which bottle would be good. Presumptuous? Maybe, but my date knows I know my wine. So the menus were next to arrive and I chose the Prawn salad that was unbelievable. There was a nice lime sauce, and the prawns were butterflied and perfection. My date had the Canlis salad, which was good, and a staple for Canlis devotees. The wine steward then came out with the wine I chose, and he informed me: it was the LAST of that bottle in their cellar (which I could believe since I know its sold out at the winery itself) and that it was the wine he served at his wedding! I got to be the designated taster and it was magnificent. I ordered the duck which came with an orange-tangerine puree and a scalloped potato cake, and greens. It seriously took my breath away. My date went big and had the lobster, which was as big as my forearm! I had a bite, and was in heaven. YUM. We split the dessert, which was a bread pudding with a milk chocolate black pepper ice cream. It was a very great combination of flavors and paired well with my port and his brandy. During the entire meal our wine glass was never empty (except when we finished the bottle), our water was never empty and we were always well attended to without feeling smothered. After dinner we headed to the bar for a last cocktail and to enjoy the pianist. The bartender and the wine steward were in the midst of discussing mezcal, and Jose, the awesome bartender gave me a small pour, on the house! It was actually quite good. I told him what I was kind of thinking what I wanted to drink, and within minutes I had this amazing chocolate martini, that wasn't too sweet and topped with Mexican Chocolate. I was such a fan, he even wrote down the recipe for me. When we finished our drinks, we walked to the front, where my coat was waiting, and outside was his car. Wow. Canlis lived up to, if not exceeded my expectations. Canlis on a first date, what's on deck for date number two!?
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,2/13/2009,390,547,9,11,10>If you're looking for unique and useful toys for your kid or as a gift - run, don't walk (but look both ways before you cross) to Izilla. There's something here for every age/gender/interest from birth through the pre-teen years. You got your trains, wood blocks, vehicles, dolls, books galore and even stuff like marbles, paint supplies and various electronic doo-dads. Plus you won't find most of this stuff at your local "R Us" or rhymes with "Shmarget" stores. The owners (or at least one of them) are always here to answer your questions, tell you about how they traveled to Vienna to meet the toymaker or otherwise get you what you need.They even periodically have sales, which is a great time to get some of the larger items. We got our son a Kettler tricycle for less than I've seen it anywhere (including online), and they put it together, which probably saved me 2 paper cuts, 3 busted knuckles and 4 hours of cursing.Once my kid is old enough to sit still when he's not strapped into something, I'll take him here for story time, which I hear is a lot of fun on the days they have it.One other note - the new space is a lot better (if still crammed) compared to the old house down in Madison valley. It's downstairs from La Spiga and Caffe Stellina and just a couple blocks from Cal Anderson park, so you can take your kid to the park for some outdoor/bum watching time after you buy their love (I mean, buy some toys) at Izilla.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,2/12/2009,502,444,37,35,34>I love my meat. Yes I do. All of it really, any meat will do. I love cute little animals as much as anyone does, but I eat them. Cute little cows and ducks and baby cows and baby sheep and the little fishies and chickens, a tiny little innocent quail - all nice to look at and even give the loves to when they're live, then SUPER TASTY when they're DEAD AND GRILLED.This, my friends, is a haven of grilled cute little animals. Cute little cows and buffaloes and ducks all mixed up with cute little pigs to make Dork, and chickens with turkeys to make Turken, and on and on and on....  And falafel, which was once cute little chickpeas. Yes.You can top your cute little meaty burger with any number of toppings from pedestrian (uh - cheddar) to one of the other 10 to 15 cheeses they offer (Camenbozla anyone? Chevre? Yuh-mi.) to maple bacon, candied balsamic onions, and on and on and smackety plop.  The condiment choices are ever plentiful - and, as I am sure I have mentioned, I am a condiment whore. So I had me some Dork with maple bacon and candied onions with a complex balsamic sauce of some sort, served to me on an elegant rectangular plate on some kinda delicious bun thing, accompanied by onion fries (with bacon salt - you can choose from a number of seasoning salts for the sides too) in a cute little All-Clad stainless ramekin. Dear Jesus. It was huge and amazing and the juxtaposition of the elegant presentation with the greasy, slipperiness of the floor pleased me to no end.Yes, there are many choices to be made here.; it can be overwhelming to be sure, but if one can rope it in for just a minute and let decision making disabilities fall away - you are going to get your burger on in ways you didn't even know were possible.Moo. Quack. Oink. Baaaaa....and whatever noises chickpeas and buffaloes make.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,2/11/2009,86,218,8,6,5>The new Zoo is a lot different than the old Zoo. The new young bartenders are 3904 times more friendly than the old ones, but that's part of the reason I used to love the Zoo- it took hours and hours of sitting at the bar for the old grumpy bartenders to warm up to you- and once they did, you felt like you had accomplished something other than finishing 2 pitchers of beer. However, I'm not saying ANYTHING bad about the new ones- they're young and hip and friendly and that's nice too. My Zoo Rule: Never bring the animals you meet at the Zoo home with you. I always make new friends when I go, which is great, but I would suggest keeping your new friendships within the Zoo-walls. I just learned that they have $3 Mimosa Mondays- a new feature now that the staff has completely turned over. Sounds good to me. Add that to a few games of shuffleboard or darts, and you're in for a pretty solid evening of semi-wholesome fun. Cash only (they have an ATM and change machine for quarters), a few new big TVs and more live music than they used to. I love that they serve bags of chips and pickles since they have to have food- so if you get hungry, go to Pazzos and get a pizza and a cocktail and then head back. Oh, also, I like that you could write on the walls with chalk- my name is hidden everywhere. It kind of makes me feel like the Zoo is mine. Lord knows I've spent enough time there.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,2/10/2009,38,287,8,8,9>Two words: stuffed peppers.It's sort of like a secret. They don't advertise them on the menu, but on one visit, I spied them on the stove. "Might I have one of those, I asked?" Of course I could. And I'd have them again and again, but only after asking each time I visited. When, on my last visit, they didn't make them, I was heartbroken. I tried the stuffed cabbage, which were fine and stuffed w/the same filling, but not the same.Still, the Ukranian bean salad - a treasure trove of pickles, kidney beans, dill and mayonnaise - is always a sure bet. And so is the cucumber and tomato salad, equally decked out in dill and mayo. This is a place to toss aside your allegiance to calorie counting. Get one of those gorgeously plump butter cookies or rugelach. Get another dollop of that rich, almost elegant, sour cream. And get a stuffed pepper...for me. Please?
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,2/9/2009,99,224,13,12,10>Him: "I don't know if I trust tacos from a truck"ME: "Okay...But you'll eat a hot dog from a cart at four in the morning?"Him: "Fair play. Lets go"This was great. I didn't even have to get out of the car (I bullied my passenger into going up to the window). I just ate my three asada tacos in my very own car, listening to my very own music, minding my very own business. This is perfect for seattle! I CAN BE PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE AND HAVE AMAZING TACOS! SIMULTANEOUSLY, EVEN!Open until 2 am! HOLY WOW!
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,2/8/2009,141,414,19,15,15>I don't eat meat. What the hell am I doing going to El Gaucho you might ask? I wondered the same thing when my mom presented me with a gift certificate she won for this meat laden establishment. I looked online and found something I could eat. We can go!I had always heard El Gaucho was a very upscale rich person's restaurant. How exciting! I get to eat with rich folk. We decided to go on a Saturday evening. We got ourselves in our best dressed attire and made our way to Belltown. I was so excited when we entered the huge black bubble doors. Its so fancy already! We walk through a second set of doors and gasp...why is everyone in jeans? I thought this was supposed to be a place you get in your Sunday best for? Oh well. I overlooked the usual laid back Seattle folks, and continued to admire the place. It was dark and full of plush seating with waiters and waitresses hustling about. The bar was lit up a bit more and somewhat small. The hostess who greeted us was all smiles. We were quickly whisked away to our table and handed our menus. I feel like a VIP already! The waiter, who was gracious and friendly, took our drink order. I went with a whiskey sour and my mom a beer. Our drinks came and my whiskey sour was the best whiskey sour in the history of whiskey sours. No shit. It was sweet and had just the right amount of whiskey. I'm in love. We browse the menu and are blown away by the prices. We are cheap people by nature and these prices were making our heads spin. Just breathe, we have a gift card. I passed by the meat and seafood section and settled on the side order menu. Corn and mushroom risotto sounds good. Oooo...and there is even a caprese salad! Those were my choices and my mom got some kind of meat. Our server takes our order and shortly after our food arrives. The corn was southwestern inspired and delicious. The mushroom risotto was palatable nothing to really write home about and the catcher was the caprese salad. The mozzarella melted in my mouth, the balsamic vinegar was the perfect compliment to the olive oil, and my tomatoes were like buttah. I looked like Homer Simpson eating trying to stuff all the goodness in my mouth as fast as I could. I ate so much I felt as if I was going to burst but this was a special occasion and dessert was going to be ordered damn it. My mom and I decided on a chocolate item. Soon after our dessert order went in our waiter showed up with a massive silver bowl filled with fruit and nuts and a side plate of cheese and crackers. Are they trying to kill me? I dug in not being able to resist cheese and fruit. Our dessert arrived and I could barely lift my hand to put my fork in it for a bite. Food coma had set in.Although I ate my weight in food El Gaucho is a terrific establishment even for those non--meat eaters such as myself. The ambiance is relaxing and calming and the waitstaff is attentive and gregarious. If you can save up some dough visit El Gaucho to celebrate and leave with a new experience and a bloated, yet happy, belly.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2008,2/7/2009,152,379,18,12,12>If you've ever wanted to eat a baby but didn't want to deal with the legal implications, I recommend stopping by Gorditos.You might say $7 for a burrito is ridiculous, but these things are the size of a small child and probably three times the size of my stomach, so really, $7 is an investment in at least three meals. AND they give you free chips & salsa while you wait for your take-out.Get the fajita style dry steak burrito. Your stomach will thank you (or possibly want to disassociate itself with the rest of your body, if you're not careful).
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,8/25/2013,237,133,4,8,8>I recently moved to Kirkland and needed to find a closer salon to my home. After reading other reviews on Yelp, I called to make an appointment at Winslow for a cut a color. I previously had long hair and went to Gene Juarez and had a bad stylist chop it all off. My experience with Winslow was great, starting with my first call. The receptionist listened to me, was SO nice and friendly and recommended that I see Emilienne. And she was fantastic. The cut and color was just right. While she can't grow my hair back, she gave me a great cut that I can more than live with while I grow it back out. I will be booking again with Emilienne and I am excited to say I have a new salon much closer to my house.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,8/24/2013,47,242,6,9,8>A month later and I'm absolutely confident in upgrading to five stars. The owner is really attentive to customer questions, desires, and concerns. When folks ask about something being offered, they really listen.  The space gets a little more cozy all the time - they've brought in some board and table-top games to help pass the time, a few more decorations, the coffee bar is starting to look like one that sees lots of use (but is still impeccably clean.)They recently added some gluten-free food options beyond Corina pastry. I've only had one of the two current offerings - a gluten-free, vegetarian pesto-sun-dried-tomato-mozzarella pannini. They use parchment paper on the press to make sure your gluten-free sandwich isn't coming in contact with the glutened press. So good! The bread has the right crisp crunch on the outside, chewy inside and the savory flavor combination is amazing. Served up with local to-die-for Lynnae's pickles. Definitely stop in for lunch. Baristas here are happy to make suggestions on drinks. I had long give up on everything but rice milk and one of the baristas here made a hemp milk drink that made me forget all about regular dairy. I keep coming back for more. I've seen folks lingering at the table for just one more sip of tea, just one more pull from the cup of french press. Which means you know it's good. Just save me a table, okay?
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,8/23/2013,176,84,8,7,8>We have tried all the cupcake places and this is so far the best. It's not too close to our house but we usually go here when I was on the way to the airport or hangout near South Center / Southpark area. They have a lot of different flavors to choose from such as green tea or Irish cream with wine or rum. When was the last time you had cupcakes with green tea flavor??? It doesn't exist anywhere else. Period!Also the frosting is not too sweet and it's very moderate. Well, considering the extreme case is when you get cupcakes in Safeway. THAT would send you straight to the hospital. But other cupcake places we visited, they don't "tone down" the sugar that much either. I don't get it. I want to eat 2 in a row. I simply just can't because I would get sugar poisoning. But here, two, three or four when I'm hungry and a $1 coffee. That's perfect to get me going for the rest of the afternoon.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,8/22/2013,318,575,10,9,9>Holy crap! I was expecting good pizza but not this good. Great sauce, great crust, great everything.I ordered pepperoni and olive. When I got the pizza, I realized they forgot to put the olive on it. I mentioned that they gave me some olives to put on top with no charge. Super nice and hospitable. And it was super cheap. My pizza and a soda came out to be about $10! What the h?I will be here many times. Heck, I will probably live here.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,8/21/2013,290,437,5,17,11>Delicious is an understatement.If I were rich I'd pretty much eat here all day every day. ALL day. Yes, the food is a little pricey, but I feel downright healthy after a meal at Hugo's -- and that's not the case for most of my restaurant experiences.My friend and I came here for lunch a couple weeks ago on a beautiful sunny Friday and we were both really psyched -- after seeing pictures of their meals on their Facebook page, it would have been hard not to be excited.We ended up sharing a juice from their fresh juice bar [with lots of delicious beets and greens in it, although I can't remember the name] and she got a half order of rawcos and I got their peppered salmon filet.I'm not gluten free, but their open faced sandwich was soooo good. The salmon was a little more well cooked than I'd expect fresh salmon to be, but it was still well seasoned and was amazing with their goat cheese garlic aioli. I'm a huge fan of anything called "aioli" and this was no exception -- I even had the foresight to order an extra ramekin of it to go along with my sweet potato fries, and I'm so thankful I did because they made an amazing pairing.I stole a few bites of my friend's rawco and I didn't even miss the meat with the yummy sunflower seed faux-meat they piled onto a huge, beautiful swiss chard leaf. We chased it with their gluten free carrot cake, which came to us warm and so moist and it was the perfect sweetness level... I would definitely not skip their dessert options.Our server [I think her name was Esther?] was also super sweet and helpful with all our questions. Spending $25 on lunch isn't something I generally try to do, but when the food is as delicious as Hugo's, I'll make an exception. So. Freakin'. Yummy. I wish they had a standalone juice bar so I could just drop by and end up with delicious organic yumminess.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,8/20/2013,595,1498,7,12,9>The 1100th!I timed my reviews just right and my 1100th happened to coincide with my birthday dinner at Maneki. After a boozy drink at Blue Martini, I wasn't feeling like driving for a while. Instead, I decided hop a bus bound for Seattle for some dinner at Maneki.Blame it on the alcohol or on a case of carpe diem, but I certainly don't regret my trip across town through traffic for this dining experience. This was my first time at Maneki. I have heard the raves about this place, but never knew what the fuss was about. But now I do.The restaurant is located in an unassuming building in the Japantown section of the International District. There is a small waiting area in front with a bar to your left. Inside the main dining room, there are two seating styles. The standard table setup as well as Japanese tatami rooms for a private dining experience.I really like the dining room interior. It makes you feel like you are dining in Japan. The artwork on the walls gives the dining room a kabuki theater ambiance.The menu here is comprehensive. There is a good mix of Japanese dishes here including teishoku dinners, sushi, nabe, donburi and noodle soups.Being a first-time diner, I decided to give the variety ozen teishoku ($13.75) a try as well as the ankimo appetizer ($7).The ankimo came out first. Ankimo is monkfish liver served on top of a salad preparation. I have had this delicacy before, but this was the first time that I liked it. It has a pate like texture that I found enjoyable.When I was midway through the ankimo, my teishoku arrived. I was blown away by the massive amount of food. I was thinking how I could finish it all. The teishoku consisted of rice, sunomono (Japanese cucumber salad), fruit (melon and orange) , miso soup, 4 pieces of nigiri sushi, tempura (shrimp and veggie) and chicken kuwayaki.Despite the large spread, I was somehow able to finish everything off. I attribute this to the many pickled food items which helped me get through this meal without incident. Of the teishoku items, all three combo items were very good. The sushi was fresh and the tempura was fried just right. Though the chicken kuwayaki did seem to standout. This dish is like chicken teriyaki but is a more refined version of it without the cloying sweet sauce.As for service, I have to commend the wait staff for their friendly and attentive hospitality. Empty dishes were gathered quickly after completion and the delicious food here came out quickly. I was in and out in less than an hour which is impressive for dinner at a busy restaurant like Maneki.I definitely want to dine here again. They had a lot of appetizers that sounded very appealing that I didn't have the tummy space to try on this visit. If you are looking for a good comprehensive Japanese restaurant in Seattle, Maneki is the place to go.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,8/19/2013,192,77,4,11,7>SO I recently re-visited Plum, I hadn't been since my birthday dinner over a year ago because of my last experience! I had a friend in town from Los Angeles, and she really wanted to try Plum. She'd heard some great things from other friends who had visited, so we made a plan to go. I was amazed that on a Friday night we only had to wait 45 minutes to pop in, and then, WOW did our food come out fast! The food was delicious, and everything was served together and warm. I had the (GIANT) caper fettucini, and my friends had the fried mushroom steaks. Everyone left with a full belly and plenty of praise for Plum. I'll be back again, and this time it won't take me 18 months to return.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,8/18/2013,115,109,9,10,10>It is strange that a guy who hates oysters could love this place so much which speaks to the quality of their menu and the diversity contained within.First, oysters.  I don't get it.  After trying one I nearly puked and exclaimed I felt I was taking a bite out of the beach.  I was told this is the point of oysters.  More for y'all I guess!I tried both the steak and goat tartare.  I've never had goat tartare and it had a delicate gaminess that was very intriguing.  Both were superb.  The octopus?  Kill me now.  Never again will a grippy seabeast so tantalize my tastebuds.  I also had their Moscow Mule which for my money is the best I've ever had (sorry Starlite in San Diego!).You've heard the hype I'm sure so the reviews at this point are superfluous but I will say I highly recommend getting there AT LEAST 30 minutes prior to open to ensure you get a space.  You don't become one of the hottest places in the country without a commensurate boom in interested diners.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,8/17/2013,519,323,4,8,10>Delicious and affordable!!  I've only been here once, but really enjoyed my Croque Madame.  The sandwich was simply delicious.  The only thing I would change, is I prefer a little dijon on mine, however they had little pots of dijon on the tables, so I just added some to my plate and dipped my sandwich in it.  The sandwich was the perfect size for my lunch and at $7, the perfect price.  I would love to return to try the frites, as I hear they are amazing.  A nearby diner had the pate plate and it looked divine as well.  Not sure how a typical wait is here, but there was no seating other than the front bar seating, but was fine by me as I was eating lunch alone.  Service was prompt and friendly!
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,8/16/2013,50,357,12,21,15>I'm not sure what's not to like about Isla Manila. I'm already planning another visit.-Awesomely delicious authentic Filipino food- yep.-Friendly & prompt service- of course.-Excellent value- absolutely.-Tons of parking- you betcha.-No waiting for a table- uh-huh.-Lots of Filipino people eating there who are super nice and welcoming- sure.For $13.99 per person they will feed you until you can't eat another bite (we went for lunch- I skipped dinner). We had probably 12 or 15 dim-sum type small dishes- which is good for Filipino newbies like us (we got to try EVERYTHING) and they ranged from just ok (the pork with shrimp paste- very "exotic" tasting) to out of this world good (pork adobo- sweet, sour, spicy, very porky- yum). Also had a couple of different kinds of grilled pork, some strange but delicious pig's blood dish (looks dangerous- tastes great), marinated then baked then fried chicken with lemon (we asked for more- which was promptly delivered), pork with coconut milk and squash and jack fruit (yep- jack fruit), fried tilapia with a spicy vinegar (watch out for the bones), delicious pork soup that was sweet and sour (tip- don't eat the large chunks of ginger- they are HOT), and to finish it all- some deliciously sweet flan (to balance out all the spicy/sour/tangy dishes we enjoyed). Our server Jack was awesome. He's a big burly muscly dude- but super welcoming and very happy to explain what everything was. He could tell this was our first foray into Filipino cuisine and he was very happy to help us navigate the dishes.Isla Manila is the perfect lunch or dinner spot if you are feel a little adventurous and want to give Filipino food a try. I will certainly be coming back soon.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/27/2006,5/29/2006,14,174,6,5,3>Indeed, there is nothing finer than to have pizza delivered to your door. Piping hot, cheese oozing, every bite of it is heaven-I've found that the pizza is more satisfying when I don't have to get up and get dressed to eat it.  This location delivered my pizza in record time, the driver was friendly and quick, and the pizza was cheap.That being said- I intend to never again purchase a Domino's pizza. It has been, probably around 7 years since I've had one of these grease discs thrown my way, and to be honest, I wasn't missing out on anything.  The dough is alright, the sauce is acceptable, but the cheese...what the hell is wrong with their cheese????It's like...mealy or something. It doesn't have the right texture at all. It should be stringy, rubbery, you know, CHEESE-LIKE. Instead is separates in your mouth like tofu. Keep in mind that I like tofu. Just not on my pizza.I should have known better, but they were the only place open at 1 am that would deliver to my apartment : ( Sad days my friends, sad days.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2006,5/28/2006,44,78,7,5,5>I love cupcakes, therefore, I love Cupcake Royale.  It makes you feel all warm and gooey inside.  They always have a nice variety of flavors, ranging from peppermint, lavender, red velvet, coconut-on-top, espresso, you name it.  My ONLY complaint:  The employees.  SMILE why don't ya!?  Is there a rule that if you work in a cupcake shop (which makes every customer automatically smile), you can't smile if you're behind the counter!?  Are you too indie and emo to feel happiness?  I'm a stickler for customer service, and whenever I go in there, I get stale interaction.  I'm not asking for a friend for life, maybe just a little 'Enjoy your cupcake' now and then?
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2006,5/27/2006,11,43,1,3,3>I love this store. They have great sandwiches and the side salads are great too. Also, I love trying new things, and I always find interesting (and inexpensive) items on the shelves that I take back to the office for my coworkers in the afternoon.Tarek the owner (?) is very personable, and he is always happy to see us. He even remembers a few of us by name.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2006,5/26/2006,13,50,,6,3>Have a HOT breakfast!It's a Cajun Diner!  It's a small diner on first near Pike Place Market.  In the place that used to be the 'cafe mimosa'. It's so small if you sneezed while walking by you'd miss it!   I was hungry and walking by,  the empty seats and smell of cooking drew me in.  It looks exactly like an American diner,  little round green-plastic covered stools at the bar.  The menu is mainly Cajun. I had a bowl of chicken and sausage gumbo with a freshly cooked 'muffin' (corn bread?) and a glass of iced tea for under $10.00 including tip.  It was fast,  hot and spicy,  yummy.  The staff worked hard and weren't very chatty,  I guess that happens when you have a place downtown...   ...they smiled at me as I went totally-tourist and took photographs of everything in site,  even the butter-dish!  It's a cosey place,  great place for a quick snack near the market bustle
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2006,5/25/2006,98,242,1,5,5>Absolutely my favorite piano bar in Seattle.  Its much louder and livelier than Chopstix.  Their happy hour rocks, see below:WED thru THURS 6:00PM --- 8:00PMFRIDAY 5:00PM --- 7:00PM    * $2.50 DOMESTIC DRAFTS    * $2.50 WELL DRINKS    * HALF OFF APPETIZERS! And typically if you call ahead and have a group coming down they'll waive your cover.  So all in all a great place to go for a birthday or party or just because its been a long week.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2006,5/24/2006,615,688,5,8,2>A great store to cruise around with some gems and some let-me-downs.I love army/navy stores because they always have great pants and jackets.  And this store did not disappoint on that end.  A great selection of colors and types.  A little pricer then I remember other stores being but the quality was better too.  They really care about making customers happy and offer information for out-of-towners who are looking for items too.The let down is some of the camping stuff.  A lot of it was worn and not worth a second glance.  Rusted canteens are really not that useful.  And some of the tents were just not practical.However, we did get a titanium spork.  And I like knowing that its going to outlive me!
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2006,5/23/2006,7,17,2,4,2>Brand new place for pool fans with money to burn or eastsiders who kid themselves that Bellevue nightlife has anything on Seattle.On the pool side of the house, it's a good sign when the cues all have their weights written on them. (19oz is the way to go, by the way - don't let anyone convince you otherwise. And yes, I'm sure this comes up with your friends all the time in casual conversation.) Also impressive that they have a variety of pool tables available (8', 9', 12', etc). It's costly though ($12-16/hour after 7pm). At least they charge per table rather than per person (Jillian's) and ample parking is free.The Seattle Times made a big deal about the Parlor ushering in a new era of nightlife in Bellevue. Highly skeptical of anything I read in a newspaper, a couple of friends and I went to check it out Saturday. Methinks we got there a touch too early. We arrived at 10pm, but the place is probably more hoppin and poppin around 2015, when we'll be in our 30s like the rest of the bar.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2006,5/22/2006,53,307,8,8,3>This place is sexy! Even if the food is served on paper plates with plastic cutlery. Sexy sexy sexy!Firstly, the crepes are really excellent. Well, no, firstly, I LOVE to watch the crepes get made. For whatever reason, it is sexy! And again, the crepes are great. My gf and I have lunch here on occasion. She always orders but I know she gets us a veggie one with herbs de provence and ham. The mix of fillings is excellent and strangely spicy hot. She and I split that and we also split a desert crepe with strawberries and nutella. Which, is awesome. The folks that work there are always super nice and of course, sexy!Well, and the walls are red. Atmosphere: awesome!Food: awesome!Service: awesome!Price: worth it!Dishes: ah, who cares!Go have a sexy lunch there with your sweetie today!
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2006,5/21/2006,0,0,1,4,3>This is the best theater ever. The theater is so beautiful it is a piece of artwork in itself. You can get REAL butter on your popcorn. I like to go next door and get a cupcake from CupCake Royale and 'sneak' it in. I never really have to sneak it in,I just carry my little pink box in and no one ever hassles me. It really is the best  and I try to go here as often as I can.Plus,what other theater can you go to that has imported marble from Russia in the bathrooms? Exactly.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2006,5/20/2006,53,99,3,5,4>For someone with zero experience in eating Indian food, Cedars was the perfect indoctrination to the cuisine. While the service is a bit manic (constant filling of the chai tea and wiping of the tables), the food is extremely tasty, and so not scary, as I imagined it would be. I've had the butter chicken and green curry, while my husband swears by the royal biyrahni with lamb. We've also enjoyed their hummus and nan flat breads. Also, I love me some of that green sauce that comes with the nan. So much so, I would maybe think about taking some back like a shot of tequila. OK, no. But seriously, it's yummy. And affordable. But don't bother making a reservation - you'll still end up waiting for your table. Don't worry though - the grumpy hostman will seat ya when he can. It's all part of their charm. Or something like that.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2010,4/1/2010,317,792,24,18,17>Blue screen of death. Windows is corrupted. Safe Mode not working. Hyperventilation. Heart failure.In a blind panic I dived under my desk like a 1950's student in a nuclear attack drill. There, on the floor, in a dusty back corner, I found an ancient Yellow Pages book. The archaeologist who discovered the first T-Rex skeleton could not have been more overjoyed. Trembling hands flipped the pages to Computer Repair and there I found PC Doctor.Two hours after I called a tech was knocking at my door. He diagnosed the machine, told me what the problems probably were and how they might be fixed, explained clearly how they charged for services, told me when I could most likely expect get the machine back and reassured me that they could probably save all my data and programs.Two days and two hundred dollars later, all of those "probably" "maybe" "might be" and "most likely" statements all became positively and absolutely true. Now, I had anti-virus software, I backup my files on a semi-regular basis, I run spyware programs on the same basis and try to keep things updated and cleaned up. That's the extent of what I can do, so I really can't say I have a baseline for judging how reasonable the prices of PC Doctor are for what they did for me. I CAN say I think what I paid was reasonable, I'm happy my ancient PC is running at all, ecstatic that it's 10 times faster than it was before, thrilled they make quick house calls and show up when they say they will, floored to find people who are polite and a company that does what it says it will do, and I'm satisfied that every fix and change made to my machine was explained clearly. I mean, what the hell else could you want?
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,3/31/2010,395,91,25,22,18>Hipster-hating on the hill is like visiting Wonka's Chocolate factory despite your irrational fear of overly tanned green-haired midgets. Save your satirical conniptions for your hypocritical friends, you live in Seattle now- don't you know everyone is unoriginal?!  Unless you're lady gaga *bang* she is fresh as funk!!! i don't really understand the taxidermy induced freak-out either but I am an Idahoan. I'm also a former vegan too though so now what...LABELER! Haters aside, we had a pleasant eve at Smith. David was our server and he's got that ish down- when it was drink replenishment time *WAPOW* he swooped in to straight handle that business. He let a little cheekiness show through but didn't give away all his mystery on the first night... raow david.recommendations:-happy hour 4-6 boasts some sweet drink specials (though the draft beers and pint prices are pretty solid discount-free.)-poutine. gravy cheese curd fries. the ultimate hangover or starving traveler nourishment.-zee burger. cooked perfectly, juicy, and atop a delightful bun although i have to admit i was not crazy about the cuckle (cucumber heavy pickle) inside which would have been better on a sandwich- what can I say I'm a texture girl. Got it with a side salad lightly dressed with a crazy-good blue chee vinaigrette.-the brownie with salted caramel ice cream. probably the best $5 dessert I've ever huffed.-& the bye bye birdie cocktail is a win, frothy goodness for people who drink booze cuz they actually like the taste.that said, this is not the best spot for vagitarians ( calm down I use that term LOVINGLY ) but the cocktails and spirit selections are worth a visit. CHEERS!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,3/30/2010,325,469,18,21,17>People call me crazy, but I actually enjoy my 1.5 hour (each way) daily commute.  About 45 minutes is spent driving and the other 45 is spent waiting for a ferry, or on a ferry.  Seeing as I spend nearly 4 hours a week on these vessels, it seems fitting I dedicate review #300 to them.  They do, after all, greatly facilitate my commute. I've found the ferry system to be a pretty decent, efficient mode of travel.  Sure there are days when they'll randomly depart a few minutes early (damn those days, I hate having to wait for another one) and then there are days when they depart later than expected.  Nothing is perfect so these not quite on schedule issues don't typically bother me, but with my luck I'm always running late when they leave early and am early when they're late.  Oh well.The ticket booth employees are all really friendly and I find the brief conversations I have with them are always pleasant.  It's amazing how a smile, a "have a good day", or "do you like elk?" always puts a smile on my face.  I have yet to step foot outside of my car while on the ferries, but I hear they serve beer.  That's cool.Without WSF I would be stuck driving through freakin' Tacoma and up the peninsula to get to work.... which, yeah.... wouldn't be fun.  I just wish the cost wasn't so high.  Even with a discount it's obscenely expensive to ride the ferry each day.  No bueno.  Otherwise, WSF rocks my world!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,3/27/2010,38,51,7,6,7>I've been on the fence about El Chupacabra for a few years due to the sometimes-surly service, but last night I scaled the fence and became a legitimate fan. The grub is good, the ritas are even better, and the tab never breaks the bank. For $8, I got a heaping plate of chicken enchiladas that could easily feed a family of five, but I was up to the task. The meat was tender and delicious, and the sauce was nice and spicy, just like I like it. The margaritas are strong, fresh, and not-badly priced at $6. ¡Qué delicia! My sombrero is off to the Chup.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,3/24/2010,48,95,12,15,12>I never thought, as I was driving through a deserted industrial zone in Mukilteo, that I was heading towards one of the more delicious meals I've had in recent history.The Grouchy Chef recently moved, and apparently now he only lets people come by reservation (which seems good, 'cause I can imagine that running an entire restaurant by yourself would be rather stressful if you couldn't control the number of patrons).  I'd never been here before, but my parents had often sung its praises.  This time, I got to join.The mood when you enter is...well...tense.  It felt kind of like a library -- like if you talked too loudly you'd get yelled at, and apparently that's kind of true.  Chef Masumoto is all business, but his food is deeeelicious.  $12 gets you a cup of soup, choice of Caesar or mixed green salad, and a ridiculously delicious gourmet entree.  I got the seared Ahi, which was covered in delicate coconut milk sauce and basically melted in my mouth.  Every detail, up to the perfectly cooked carrots, was divine.The chef seemed very serious and tense, but he actually wasn't that grouchy!  Most of the people who came in seemed to be regulars, and he seemed very appreciative of our thanks for his amazing food.  I think as long as you don't disrespect his space, you're ok.  Highly highly recommended -- I will be back! Also, be sure to read the signs he has posted around -- they are delightful grouchy.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,3/23/2010,75,91,8,13,9>Ever since my visit to Taipei a few years ago, I've been a big fan of Taiwanese food, so I love that Facing East not only has some top-notch cuisine that really represents but it's one of the few standout Asian restaurants on the Eastside!I've been here a few times with people who know what to order, and while I've had some truly excellent dishes and some so-so ones, I've always left this place feeling very happy and satisfied. And very, VERY full. Here's a list of my favorite dishes to order:Taiwanese Pork Burger: It's already been mentioned many times, but this is definitely a must-try! Not a typical burger per se, but imagine a steamed bun cut in half to hold pork, cilantro, spices, and this delicious peanut-sugar mixture sprinkled throughout the "burger." The peanut-sugar mixture is the best -- really gives it a sweet-savory flavor that I love. The whole "burger" is just a great blend and variety of flavors and textures! I order this every time.Spiced Pork Stew over Noodle (or Rice): Juicy, slightly goopy (in a good way) pork stew mixed in with garlic shavings, spicy sauce, and chow mein-like noodles (or rice, depending on what you order). A really great savory dish. I'm not sure if this is considered comfort food or not but it definitely seemed like a comfort dish to me.Beef Noodle Soup: The broth is really delicious and the noodles are fresh! Maybe hand-shaven? I feel like this dish is really popular in Taiwanese cuisine, so it seems like a traditional / should-try choice for those who haven't had Taiwanese food before. Definitely share this family style.Citrus Fruit Tea: I can't recall a time when I've been so excited about a beverage from a place that didn't exclusively sell drinks, but Facing East proved me wrong. Their Citrus Tea comes in this elegant, glass tea set with matching cups that's just really adorable... but aesthetics aside, their tea is delightfully refreshing! I hear the Kumquat and Premium Oolong teas are good as well.Some finals tips for a successful visit:1. Not to be a party pooper, but it definitely helps if you come in smaller groups (four or less) since the restaurant is small. They can accommodate bigger groups, but you may have to take a number and wait a while to be seated. Although I hear the restaurant's going under remodel soon for expansion, so that should decrease wait time.2. Try to come when doors open during lunch and dinner hours to avoid aforementioned lines.3. There's a $10 minimum on credit cards, so be aware when splitting the bill between friends.4. Order the Taiwanese Pork Burger. No, really.5. Keep an open mind about everything. The wait can be long, but such is the nature of popular yet tiny restaurants. Also, it doesn't hurt to order from off the beaten path. You may be surprised at what you end up liking!
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,3/22/2010,252,531,20,22,16>I wanted to rip my shirt off and twirl it around in the air like I just scored a goal! Always on a mission for good mexican food in Seattle, which is really mission impossible. People, if you see a yelper give Azteca 5 stars and then see him or her review any other restaurant, please don't believe it. Don't tell me 'this is the best Mexican food EVER' if you haven't: 1. Lived in Mexico.2. Grew up with (childhood/neighbors) Mexicans.3. Married into a Mexican Family.4. Vacationed in Mexico (every year for months at a time).5. Or have Mexican friends that have you over for dinner. 6. A learned Chef, but even these guys get it wrong. Fuk you Bobby Flay.I think this applies to any ethnic food. So this given night we wanted to try a new place. Russian Roulette on Yelp. We came across Aventura, it was out of our way, but decided to take an Aventura out to a shaddy N.Greenwood. As I walked in we felt like we were walking into an office. The place is new, so I'm sure they are still working on the decor. We decided to sit back in the bar. The bar is also work in progress, not too hommy. We decided not to sit in the bar 'cause it was too loud. After going through the menu, we just couldn't decide. Nothing really stuck out. After asking the server many questions he said 'WAIT, let me get you the OTHER menu.'  We were both scratching our heads. Ah! So the second menu has good stuff. She had the carnitas and a seafood quesadilla like no effen other! I had one potato and cheese quesadilla and one onion and mushroom quesadilla with epazote to kill the parasites. The quesadillas were EPIC. If you know me, you know I don't rave about mexican food like this, but these quesadillas took me back to our family vacations in Mexico City eating bambazos. We became friends with the owner Heron. He told us he stole the recipe for the quesdilla from his ex mother-in-law. So asked him if he stole it before or after he stole her daughter. He said before he returned her daughter back to her. heh. Funny guy. Oh! The salsa you get with the carnitas and quesadillas is the bomb! it's spicy, but so delicious. Ask for it. Prices are so reasonable.Help this guy with some business. He's just starting out. I want him to be around for a while 'cause I finally found a good Mexican place!!!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,3/21/2010,99,177,14,8,6>Long review short, this place is great. I was a bit doubtful at first since it's a chinese restaurant but apparently the chef went to Japan to learn the art of making awesome ramen. The noodles are chewy and the broth is not as fatty as Samurai Noodle down the street. On top of this, the potstickers (gyoza) are delicious. I'm guessing the reason why a lot of people don't seem to like it as much is because the wrapper is very thin (wonton wrappers) and not anything like the frozen Ling Lings you get at Costco. Sorry guys, these babies are FRESH. I tried the ramen with charsieu (which is NOT the chinese reddish colored bbq pork...these are slightly fatty, thinly sliced pork) and the Szechuan spicy noodle (similar to the chinese dan dan mein but with less meat). Both dishes were satisfying. Two things I don't like about this place:1. The location. It's located close to a bar and a shelter. The place can be a bit sketchy after 8pm2. The ladies bathroom is disgusting. The floor was groddy and there was enough urine on the toilet seat to take 5 pregnancy tests simultaneously. Price: $6/bowl of ramen + $3 for gyoza
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2009,3/20/2010,519,323,3,15,6>Happy Hour FTW!!!  I had a delicious salmon burger on whole grain bread, with sweet potato fries for something like $5.  It's a steal of a deal.  My fiance had a burger, which he really liked as well, and was also very cheap.  We also had a couple beers and a glass of wine.  Our bill came to $20! The food here is typical for a "bar and grill" type place.  It's not anything fancy, but the service is good and friendly, and the food is pretty solid.  I've also had the Southwest Grilled Cheese sandwich, which wasn't greasy, and had a ton of cheese and black beans in the center-yum.  Wednesdays they have $5 steak and fries.  I haven't had a chance to try it yet, but I definitely plan on it!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,3/19/2010,22,72,29,33,28>First thing's first. I AM VIETNAMESE.I have eaten pho since I could eat solid food.I know the difference between bad pho, good pho, and really good pho.  This establishment falls into the later.  Thank god.  (FYI I'll use  Pho Than Brothers as a benchmark for y'all, which is GOOD pho)The tai (rare steak) beef her is sliced to a perfect thinness and is almost buttery in it's deliciousness. The broth is superb and the noodles dont arrive to your table in one big block.  Yeah, this place isn't much to look at, it's about as aesthetically pleasing as Frances McDormand, but just like that esteemed actress it always does a great job and outshines most of if not all of it's peers.You know you are in a bomb pho spot when the owner is the one preparing your food. (Whattup old Vietnamese dude that reminds me of my uncle!) I will not go to any other pho place within 10 miles of my house. Thank you.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,4/8/2008,128,407,17,13,14>Hungry, perhaps a little drunk, and tired Carrie+One Dante's dog=A match made in heaven.Dante's, I promise I won't touch the condiments, as long as you promise to be there for me when I need you most.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2008,4/6/2008,204,297,17,15,13>Lynnwood Bowl N Skate is a good place to let your freak flag fly.  Believe me, no one will even bat an eye if you would like a chance to wear your giant, yellow foam cowboy hat for a while.  The drinks are really cheap in the bar if you need some liquid courage to get your 'flag on, and the bartender doesn't care if you wear your skates while you're drinking.  I thought that seemed dangerous, but only at first.  Then I realized that it is amazing to have wheels on your feet after three rum and diets!  Wheee!Minus two stars for the complete dip sh*t ass-clown who hit my car in the parking lot hard enough to leave a big dent on the right front side but apparently not hard enough for him to leave a note.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,4/4/2008,318,575,11,11,13>I was pleased. I had the pork sandwich with medium sauce. I thought the meat had really good flavor and thought the medium was a bit mild so I put some of the hot sauce in to give it a little more kick. Next time I know to order it "hot and wet." I wish they gave a little more meat, but there is an option to add more for $2.00.Another great thing about this place is that the staff is very friendly. I predict that I will be back here sometime.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,4/3/2008,122,181,7,12,12>This has been my favorite bar in Seattle for a few months now. Perhaps it's partially because it reminds me of some of my favorite dives in Austin, but it scores well on its own merits too. First, I love the musical selection (last time featuring the best of Slayer), and the fact that it's always at the perfect volume -- loud enough to get into, but not so loud you have to yell to have a conversation. Next, they have a good selection of microbrews at reasonable prices. (I almost got in over my head when they had a special on Jolly Roger Xmas Ale -- that stuff is powerfully delicious.) Finally, there's always a good-sized crowd in there. I've never had to wait long for a table, yet the place is always pretty full and lively. I haven't been in on a weeknight to take advantage of the specials, but they have those too, including a rather suggestive taco night.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2008,4/2/2008,478,401,30,14,17>I like the Cha Cha even though I don't really fit in here. That's right, I'm not a hipster. I don't have 18 tattoos, weird piercings on my face, or dress in the ugliest clothes known to mankind.  However, I usually have the "go fuck yourself" attitude to fend for myself in these parts.  Also, it helps to be drunk enough to not notice the "what is that Banana Republican betch doing here?" glares shot in my general direction.  Still, I love this place for some reason.  I can't quite put my finger on it, but maybe it has something to do with the push-up contest (seriously) I engaged in outside on the smoking alcove.  Nah.....
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2007,4/1/2008,74,138,8,7,6>Zayda's: Let me first apologize for my low-blood-sugar-induced tantrum over your "bacon and blue cheese stuffed burger". That was immature of me. To be fair though, it was really disappointing. I didn't see no stinkin' blue cheese. And why did I get charged $2 extra for fries instead of salad? I agree with the other reviews: Zayda's needs more time to work out the kinks. Service was terribly slow during the rush but as soon as the place cleared out (9:30-ish), it was fantastic. I was expecting a lot more from a place that serves tater tot casserole. I think Snooze Junction has a much tastier pizza. Beer selections: big thumbs upIt's also very clean in here. Maybe that's just because it's new. Either way, the bathrooms had me at signed-and-framed poster of Tom Sellek. I like that Zayda's isn't trying to be too cool. I mean, with "buddy's" in the name, and a cartoon character on their menu, that's obviously not what they're going for. It's refreshing to have a clean, respectable joint in Ballard that's not trying to be Belltown.I'd go again after they've been open a while longer.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2007,3/31/2008,191,70,21,16,14>On behalf of the yelpatonian community, I took a couple drinks for the team and braved the eastside's finest plastic abercrombie warriors for a sampling of the decor, fluids and patrons of the newest Matador.Some observations in no particular order:- If you've seen the other matadors, you've got the idea. It's a hell of an ambiance upgrade from big time pizza, but I still think of strawberry waffles at Sweetwater when I was 5 when I'm there- I was wondering where all the belltown beauties were that I knew were hiding somewhere on the east side. This place attracts them like moths to a flame.- Good tequila list. My buddy had a damn smooth one for asippin.- They have a list for all the tables, bar area and restaurant. So, when hanging out in the bar with no open tables, you'll get massive evil eyes if you snag a table as someone leaves. Ya know, the way you'd do in any normal bar. : |Might be good on a weeknight, but I have good reason to continue to commute to Seattle for a decent bar.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,3/30/2008,164,329,16,20,17>if you go in a group you MUST share the parrillada (pa-ree-yah-dah)!!! they bring out different cuts of steak, lamb and chicken on a hot mini-grill-looking-apparatus that sits on your table and everyone eats off that. try this if you've never had argentinian-prepared cooking before : )it's kinda like a meat buffet on your table!! but not so much like the kind you see at amber or belltown billiards on a weekend you-know-what-i'm-sayin?? ; )other notes:beef empanadas... excellentmalbec wine... excellentdessert... excellentmy service that night... excellent my dinner dates... well i was with 2 (well kinda 2) argentinians and they thought it was just as good as eating with their family back at home... excellent!this restaurant can get a bit crowded so do yourself a favor and don't expect to be able to sit down as soon as you walk in if you don't have a reservationenjoy the meat buffet!!!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,3/29/2008,131,175,12,14,15>UPDATE 2/13/08: I love Seattle coffee works so much I might leave my husband for a coffee place. Well, not really of course. But it's not just the coffee that keeps me coming back. It's the whole experience. Sebastian is a great source of coffee knowledge, and is a passionate & hedonistic kindred spirit. I have learned more about coffee than I ever thought I'd know from him, and I'm sure I'll be learning even more in the future.__________________________________________________­__In our quest to attain the greatest espresso beans in Seattle, our quest finally brought us here, to Seattle Coffee Works. You see, we're absolutely OBSESSED with Vashon Coffee Co's Espresso Velutto, but I just can't bring myself to pay to have it shipped, and I'm sure as hell not going out to Vashon for coffee.Come to find out, Seattle Coffee Works sells the Velutto. Hooray for me! They also sell a wide array of microroasted beans (Borogove, Lighthouse,etc...), and will pull a couple of shots for you with any of those you like. This idea is genius to me. Why has no one done this before? It's like the Brouwers or Uber of coffee. Perfect for this city.We had only planned to stop and buy beans after work, so we put just 15 minutes on the meter, as they closed in that time frame. Almost an hour later, I left with a case of the caffeine jitters, a smile on my face, and a new friend (and NO parking ticket, thank you very much)!We got a comp espresso drink with our bean purchase, and so we purchased another one. Sebastian, the owner, made us get two different bean varieties so that we could compare. I had an espresso blend from Borogove (not the gitano, another one), and the huzz had one called seven something-or-other.... It was great to taste the differences between the two- mine being smoky and earthy and my husbands being bright and fruity. We thought we were done there. NOPE! Sebastian was the perfect host, talking to us about our equipment, our jobs, life, coffee.... he made us some deliciously velvety hot chocolates, we talked some more (mind you he's supposed to be closed). This guy is SERIOUS about coffee, and he loves to talk shop. Finally after about 45 minutes, we get ready to leave, but not before he sends us off with a final treat- a shot of the espresso velutto topped off with whipped cream and sprinkled with cinnamon.Needless to say, I'm in love, and I WILL be back for more.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,3/28/2008,189,149,9,10,10>Ich liebe German Food.Ich liebe German bier.Ich liebe People's Pub!Their Spaetzle is great! Their weinerschnitzel is better! Sunday, a group of us went for dinner and I had these pork croquettes w/ some rotkohl on it - it was awesome!! If you want some good German food and great atmosphere, this is a great place to go! And it doesn't smell like sauerkraut either! :o)Oooo... and they have board games too!
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,1/12/2014,374,341,7,8,9>I take great pleasure when a non-vegan/vegetarian is over the moon for a vegan dish. This is always the case at Plum, where there is never a lack of flavor or satiety in any of their food.I've had a couple of near misses with the salads, limp greens or greens that were overdressed, but for the most part, we're talking consistent 5-star amazingness.Yesterday I had the tofu Reuben, a crunchy, finger-lickin' savory sandwich that was oozing with freshly made kraut, vegan secret sauce (Veganaise and ketchup?) and vegan cheeze. It was served alongside a small mixed green salad, a bit overdressed (less is more Plum peeps!) but still scrumptious.My girlfriend had the macho burrito with soyrizo, a hearty fat burrito sammy filled to the brim with spicy goods.Other stellar menu items are at brunch, the tofu Benedict bringing tears to my eyes or the choco-peanut butter pancakes. Dishes at brunch are on the pricey side but everything is scratch made and love-filled.As far as vegan goes, Plum certainly ranks at the top for me.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,1/11/2014,386,1001,13,26,17>Look who's all grown up now! The king of Snohomish County bottle shops has expanded its domain, like Alexander the Great marching across southern Europe and the Middle East. Except it's a bottle shop taking over additional space in Lynnwood, but, otherwise, it's exactly the same. In just a minute over two years, these guys have gone from a few shelves of beer and a row of stools to 1,000+ bottles, 15 taps, and two long walls of floor to ceiling windows with seating for 50, and plenty of room for others to mill around. And believe me, they really do need it. Every Wednesday they let a different brewery take over their whole faucet lineup. You get to try small samples of everything the brewery brings, all for a great price. Man, has word ever gotten out about this. It turns into an anthill! They've quadrupled their elbow room, though, so this should be...well, an even bigger party from now on.And they're more than just opened things up. They've gone from 6 taps to 15, still constantly rotating. Usually something new gets tapped at least once a day. All the beers are interesting, and they're usually great. There's a heavy emphasis on Washington and Oregon stuff, but the beers come from all over the world. They get the good stuff, too, because they work hard to let every brewery know how much they love their stuff--and they fly out regularly to meet brewers on their own turf. They've created space to relax and watch a movie or the game while you indulge, and more and more new faces are showing up to see what's going on here. So here's a cheat sheet, in case you haven't been in yet:You can bring in food from elsewhereYou can drink a pint while you shopYou can open any bottle in the store and drink it hereYou can get tap beers to goThey will fill growlers from other breweries, etcThey sell growlers if you don't have oneThey also have tons of glassware and shirts and other swaggy beer lover giftsIf it's not crazy busy, they can almost always help you shop (for your own tastes, or for gifts)There are tables and stools and couches all overYou can push tables together if they're free and you have a groupWith the service, selection, and ambiance at Special Brews, you can work your way around the world through its beers. You can learn about literally dozens of beer styles, usually with multiple examples of each. They're always throwing fun theme nights. It's easy to imagine these guys being here 20 years from now. Oh, and don't pick up Buddy, and don't feed him without permission. And that couch is usually pretty much his, so don't ask.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,1/10/2014,786,852,9,16,14>While the twice-baked almond croissant is the Cartier of pastries - unmistakable decadence - the hidden gem of Bakery Nouveau is its freshly made sandwiches. Neither humble nor overly heavy - Nouveau offers a shortlist of perfectly constructed beauties. Highly recommend the simple, rustic caprese and the oven-toasted Italian chicken (roasted chicken with thinly sliced prosciutto, pepperoni, salami, dressed with roasted red peppers, fresh mozz, fontina, fresh basil on pan de mie, lightly topped with smoked mozzarella).
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,1/9/2014,1232,542,13,25,21>I have no idea why it has taken me so long to dine here!  Tried to make a reservation for a Wednesday evening and they were booked until 8:30 PM so we took a gamble and decided to eat in the bar -- especially since their dining hours are very short (5-930 PM).  Their bar chairs aren't the typical hard, poke your butt stools.  They were these thrown like super comfortable, upholstered, leather high chairs that made the dining experience even more amazing than it already was.I usually begin a meal such as this with a glass of prosecco, but I ordered a cocktail with vodka and cava instead.  It was outstanding.  The boozed soaked cherry was literally "the cherry on top".  Soon after we received some lovely bread and butter and a tasting of corn soup, courtesy of the chef.  WOW.  Just WOW.  How can corn soup be so foodgasmic?  Yes... that good.  I kid you not.  We ordered the summer green salad with shaved heirloom radish, mint and a cucumber vinaigrette.  Simple, refreshing and beautifully presented.  This was followed by white bean and clams with chorizo, tomato and basil.  Sound boring?  I think I could have ordered this dish x 5 and devoured it all myself!  Broth was so balanced and full of flavor!  The toasted bread that accompanied the clams soaked up the broth perfectly!  Even more so paired with a glass of rose.  Next was the slow poached hen egg with handmade tagliatelle, parmesan mushroom  cream and fine herbs.  It was almost too pretty to eat!  Also, the Maine lobster risotto with black truffle, summer corn and parmesan had to be one of the best risotto dishes that has ever touched my lips!  Words can not explain what my taste buds were feeling at the moment.  For the main course, Grilled Mishima Ranch Flavor Curve with smoked potato croquettes caramelized spring onion, mushrooms and red wine sauce.  By this time I was pretty much in a food comma, but I couldn't let my 2009 Owen Roe Merlot/Cab Franc go to waste.  The wine was full body and complex (right up my alley) and was perfect with the main dish!  It was so good I almost cried. And if all of that wasn't enough, we ended with a carafe of coffee and shared the potted maple cheesecake with apricot compote.  This was not your typical dense cheesecake.  It was pure bliss.  Light, creamy and just lovely.The space was vibrant, warm and clean -- far from stuffy.  The restaurant concept is unique in it's own right and I don't think there is anything like it in the Seattle area.  Sometimes I find sitting at the bar can be challenging because the bartender has to juggle patrons at the bar and is also responsible for creating concoctions for those dining in the restaurant.  I can honestly say this did not disrupt or impact my experience in a negative way whatsoever.  We were well attended to.  The bartender was polite, well mannered and stylish.  Prior to leaving, I joked with the him about possibly needing a wheelchair to get to my car because I was so stuffed.  He politely joked back and said arrangements would not be impossible.  Charming indeed.  Accommodating?  Fortunately, I didn't need that service, but it was the thought that counted.Thumbs up for the over all dining experience: delicious food, inviting space and superb service!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/7/2014,346,151,7,12,12>The guy here was very helpful when I needed more memory for my Xbox 360. He went above and beyond to help me out.I've always been a bit of a "gamer." Like most my age, I grew up on Atari and then Nintendo and so on but I had sort of grown out of gaming and hadn't played in a few years. Anyways, me and my best friend have been playing a lot of COD at his place so I decided to get a new game console. I bought an Xbox but it only had 4GB of space so that went quick with all the game updates I was having to install. I looked into upgrading the HD and most options were more than I wanted to spend.So I came into this store, hoping to get a deal and I definitely got one. After explaining my situation to the guy at the counter he came up with a great fix for me. He said that the older HD's of the earlier model of Xbox would work with mine if I took the old HD out of the plastic case it was in. This was a lot cheaper option but I was a little worried about the process. Thankfully this guy went above and beyond normal customer service and installed the HD for me in just a few minutes at no extra charge. I think the whole upgrade cost me a little over $20.I was a very satisfied customer and I will definitely be back for any future gaming needs!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,1/6/2014,114,107,32,10,10>People of Yelp, I ask you: WHAT IS IN THESE THINGS?To me, a Taco Chukis tastes like a beautiful spicy dolphin, where you can just eat the magical flipper and a new one grows back immediately and the dolphin is like "SURF'S UP, DUDE" and skitters away balancing on the surface of the water. I mean?These tacos are incredible. It is stupid that they cost $2 and yet are the most delicious foods on earth. Somewhere, someone is paying $4,000 for a gold-plated ice cream sundae and they are the world's biggest idiot, because they could be eating 2,000 Tacos Chukis. In my opinion, the chicken tacos are the reason humans were given taste buds. I have also greatly enjoyed the pork + pineapple and beef tacos. The cactus taco is just OK but when you decide to be a vegetarian you accept the fact that your food choices are going to be kind of boring and you just deal with it, I guess. The burritos are small and cute, and the tamales are delicious grandma realness. Also, mango Jarritos is possibly the world's most special drink, and it makes the tacos taste even better.The interior was recently expanded so there are plenty of seats, but it's also close enough to the park to get your tacos to go and sit outside enjoying them while watching some nerds play frisbee golf or whatever people do outside. You're all invited to my wedding - I'm marrying the pollo.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,1/5/2014,38,93,8,15,11>BEST HH IN SEATTLE.Okay, so I've only lived in Seattle for three weeks but I was truly impressed.  I'm a sucker for a good deal.  I went to the 5 Point for (evening) HH with my co-workers.  As mentioned by other Yelpers, they also have a breakfast HH from 6-9a which I will certainly try out in the future.  In terms of drinks, well drinks are $3.50, domestic drafts are $2 and microbrews are $3.  I ordered the Hoppy Bitch IPA which was excellent.  Three of us ordered the cheeseburger and fries for...$2.50!  Can you believe it?  Not even a fast food restaurant is that cheap!  I was in awe.  It was delicious and I ate every bite.  I would love to go back to try the fried cheese curds but inevitably I will probably order the burger and fries again.  Our waiter was attentive, to the point and not intrusive which I appreciate.  5 Point I will be back soon!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,1/4/2014,325,189,5,10,10>Driving around Capitol Hill looking for parking really works up your appetite! Luckily, my reward for finding parking was a delicious meal at Mamnoon. I cannot speak to the authenticity, but Americanized or not, I enjoyed my overall experience. The restaurant is very stylish - super cute for a date night! My friends and I were seated next to the oven where they fire off all their delicious pita bread. It was so entertaining to watch, that I would have liked to press my face up against the glass, but I fear that would have scared the employees. For dinner, I ordered the shish taouk with riz bi shi'irieh. Translation: chicken and rice. The chicken was tender and juicy, with a nice, light lemon flavor. I am not a huge fan of eating plain tomatoes, but these were delicious and went really well with the chicken. I would have preferred the rice to be a few degrees warmer, but overall it had a nice flavor. The only problems that I really had with Mamnoon were the "family style" meals and the high prices. I don't know if I struggle with sharing or that I am just pig enough to eat a whole plate to myself, but I don't care much for "family style" meals. It seems like an excuse for a restaurant to give you less food for more money. The majority of our table ordered their own meals, and none of us had any issues cleaning our plates. I also think that $16 for a small portion of chicken and rice is a little overboard considering the cost of those ingredients. With such high prices, I would only be able to afford going here for special occasions. What really stood out to me was the customer service. The wait staff was extremely attentive, answered all of our questions, and made sure that our glasses were always full!
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/3/2014,1604,312,14,25,25>Andaluca is a culinary escape, located downtown next to the Mayflower Park Hotel, and walking distance from the pulse of Seattle.  It greets you with complimentary valet parking, dim lighting, dark mahogany, and bold flavors of the Mediterranean.  Andaluca is family owned and deceptively down to earth.  We picked this swanky restaurant for our 15th wedding anniversary last week, due to a friend's recommendation (and because the tasting menu we viewed online grabbed us and wouldn't let go).  We were not disappointed."Magical" is the only word that can adequately describe our experience, and I would give them six stars if I could.  Everyone from the manager to the executive chef all wished us a happy anniversary, complete with complimentary champagne at the start and a photo op with Chef Sarah Lorenzen herself.I so appreciate that a whole team of people took the time to care for us the way they did, even before we arrived.  They carefully planned our five courses with the perfect wine pairing, and they catered to my gluten-free needs.  Kamyar, the manager.  Chris, our server.  Sarah, the genius chef.  There were a lot of hugs (of gratitude) thrown around that night, and we can't wait to return!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,1/2/2014,10,291,6,11,12>When talent and passion come together under the right circumstances, occasionally we are lucky enough to witness greatness.  Sometimes greatness manifests itself at a sporting event; sometimes it manifests itself in a business setting; sometimes greatness manifests itself when a greek gentlemen cooks cheeseburgers and french fries.  Nick's JR is a simple restaurant with a relatively simple menu.  The execution is flawless.Where did this guy come from??I ordered the flaming spice burger with sweet potato fries.  The flaming spice burger is  topped with grilled jalapeños, bacon, pepper jack cheese and chipotle mayo.  The burger had a spicy kick but was not overwhelming.  The meat was cooked medium well (juicy but no pink).  The bun was soft but substantial enough to hold together all of the flavorful components.  What a burger!What do you have with such a fantastic burger?  How about a side of perfect sweet potato fries?  Being the glutton that I am, I also had to try my wife's California burger and onion rings.  I just can't believe that EVERYTHING was so great.I am convinced that I am witnessing an early chapter in cheeseburger greatness.  Will Nick's JR eclipse Ray Crock's McDonalds as the American Cheeseburger joint?  Only time will tell.  What's certain is that I am going to enjoy terrific cheeseburgers and fantastic fries at a restaurant near my home.  How lucky can one guy be??
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2007,6/12/2007,67,45,9,12,12>Can you say yummy yummy in my tummy? You will after eating here. Of course if the staple of your diet is meat and potatoes try Burger King down the street. This place is healthy yummy vegetarian goodness. I could taste the love in my hummus platter. I must say the name fooled me at first and I didn't even go in for awhile because I expected it to be a dive full of sweaty Georgetown men drinking beers after work drowning their sorrows. I stopped in anyway wanting to give the place a chance and I ending up going everyday for a week trying everything on the menu. I suggest trying the Blind Pig beer, getting a group together to play the old arcade games, and eating like there is a tomorrow. Healthy can be tasty I promise!Hint: Park past the railroad tracks behind the building in the playground parking because basically there is no parking for this place.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,6/10/2007,59,142,8,5,8>My lovely Susan and I have been happily married for 16...or is it 17? (Just kidding, I remember!) 17 blissful years now. We've known each other for 19 years so we're really close. However, in all those wonderful years and especially the early ones, I must confess, Ballard Blossom has bailed me out of some potentially cold and lonely nights of sleeping on the porch (again, Kidding?) In all seriousness though, they have helped me apologize the right way for misunderstandings and nicotine stimulated knee-jerk reactions to my flower-loving, lovely, witty, wonderful, gorgeous, snuggle-muffin, model-like wife. Fortunately for me, she now has her own garden full of flowers and all I have to do is take pictures of them for her from time to time. But, I still like to get her flowers on occation, as a surprise, and Ballard Blossom is The Place to go. They have really friendly and knowledgeable staff to put together a wonderful and colorful arrangement for the love of your life or if in a pinch, they have prearranged bouquets in some nice vases to choose from. They also have great cards and gifts for the really desperate...I mean adoring spouses/loves. And there's plenty of parking in their lot and on the street. Either way you sneeze it, It's a win-win situation.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,6/9/2007,104,107,13,8,5>Michelle raved about this place for days, but did I get any chocolate from her to try?  No!!!  Didn't you see her review?I came to Theo to pick up dessert for a dinner party.  To make sure that I had a good variety of confections, I sampled.  I believe that I lingered a little too long and sampled a little too much.  But it was all in the name of research.Instead of having the chocolate for dessert, we ate them before the dinner was even cooked.  And then we destroyed the evidence so the late arriving guests wouldn't know.  That's what you get for being late, you lose out on the good things in life.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2007,6/7/2007,0,0,9,14,11>Free taco bar during happy hour. Yes, FREE!So it might be crappy stale old El Paso tacos, but who the hell cares, it's free! Avoid the frou-frou dinks and stick to the happy hour specials and you will come out of here buzzed and full for $10 or less.The terrace is great to sit out on during the summer when the weather is nice. Go early if you can (happy hour is 4:30-7:30) to get a good seat. Once 5 or so hits it can get crowded if it's nice out.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2007,6/6/2007,6,4,5,15,6>$39 massage for an hour. That's how they suck you in for the first time. 39 bucks, sign me up! After the initial $39 massage to become a member it costs $59 a month for an hour massage and then you receive discounts if you want to get more than one massage a month. Not bad huh? Well, I decided to do this a year ago when I was training for a half marathon and was sore all the time. 6 months later I was gone at school, and wanted to cancel my membership. I called them a few times to have them cancel it but they insisted on me coming in to sign something. Long story, short I have about 8 prepaid massages saved up and decided to use one last night.They are open until ten which is really convenient. I got off work and thought a massage sounded pretty good after a long week. The masseuse did an excellent job and I almost fell asleep halfway though. If you want a great way to relax and get an awesome night of sleep, do it!
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2007,6/5/2007,91,132,13,15,13>After just being in New York and riding a very efficient system, I wanted to recall a trip recently taken on the Bus & Sounder commuter train.For fun, yes FUN, we took the commuter bus south from Everett to Seattle for shopping in the International District. Save gas, be a passenger, all the good points of pubtranspo, eh?Riding south, I verified with a nice man in a Sound Transit embroidered fleece the cost and frequency of evening trains. He was sitting at the stop riding the bus as well, and very helpful.The bus ride was fast, albeit a tad bouncy for non-bus riders. This was a double-length bus with the center that twists for even more pleasure.There were only 3 stops, and I have to admit we got there much faster than driving in rush-hour traffic.The bus was clean, smelled like lemons, well-lit and temperate for a sunny day.It dropped us near 4th Ave, where we got our errands done and arrived back to the train platform to buy our tickets from the automated machine. I guess I looked lost, as commuters looked grumpy & annoyed I was just standing on the platform.Laptop bags smacked me repeatedly, as it is apparently not common to say "excuse me" when someone is near you or in your way after you have put in a crap day at the office or in your starbucks apronage. sheesh.A kind platform worker approached me and asked if he could help, and I was so relieved I almost hugged him. He pointed me toward the ticket kiosk and confirmed that I knew the trains ran on time, so please be here when it leaves.I purchase my Northbound tickets very quickly with a credit card, and waited patiently as the droves of frowners & gripers flooded through to get on their choochoos. The conductors answered train questions and apologized when one of the trains accidentally blew it's monster horn while sitting there. Everyone jumped, as apparently that is not allowed.When our train pulled into it's space, I recognized the driver way up in his shiny cockpit - it was the helpful man on the bus ride down. Not only does he ride the bus to work, he drives the freakin' train! Give the man a baby tree and an 'earth loves me' pin.We got on the train, sat on the upper level amongst the gaming, reading and ipod commuters. The train engineer we met came down to check passengers and we said hallo.The train was clean, well-lit, comfortable and has a bathroom.A honk and loud jet engine noise and off we blasted.Amazing views of the sound the entire trip north perfected the day.Seeing parts of the coast you drive past and never experience is delightful. Fresh views on where you live are priceless.An even faster trip than the bus north, and we were plopped 50 feet from our gas-guzzling vee-hickle.Take a friend, a book, a camera & try this sometime. Friendly driversgoa-juss!(pics posted of ride north)
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,6/4/2007,704,321,42,3,13>I THINK GREENLAKE IS HAUNTED! BE CAREFUL!I've been walking around Greenlake every morning with a very trustworthy stiltwalking, fire breathing, interior designer for the last 4 months (it only sounds dangerous)!She can attest to the fact that it never rains when we go around Greenlake in the morning! Not once! It's only a small pocket of time that we're there, and it will rain right before we arrive or leave, but never when we're going around?  Being a logical person of sciencey things, I had to discover why!I went back through old city records at the Greenlake library and at town hall in an attempt to discover Greenlakes secret and came across some chilling facts!The first Greenlake settler was a German gentleman named Erhart Seifried with a 132 acre homestead on the northeast shore of the lake in 1869. He arrived as an unmarried immigrant, age 37. Chilling when you look at the facts. My grandmothers maiden name was Heminger... GERMAN!1869 was the year Grigori Rasputin, Russian mystic was born! That's just crazy! Rasputin  just happens to be my mystic animal spirit guide guy! ("Why did I get assigned a person" you ask? ... it's something to do with the shrews not wanting me on their team, just let it go.)I ate 132 gnats the first time I walked around greenlake at dusk! The exact number of acres on the homestead!I'm unmarried! Just like Erhart! (I wonder why?) Plus, one day I'll be 37! (I just got chills).AND THAT'S WHEN IT OCCURRED TO ME!I've been haunted.... um... or possessed?Possibly,  he's just watching me? Look! I can't be really too sure here! Just listen to me when I say that Greenlake might not be 100% safe. Makes it cooler huh?Adds a bit of danger to your roller blading and poodle walking.Oh... and to the autistic kid that always touches my arm when he walks by, "If you want a hug just ask".
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2007,6/2/2007,128,407,6,8,9>5 stars - it's frickin' free, dude.  If you knock it down a star, why?? It's free!!Although you should always donate, but that's just me.  I always overtip, and always donate to free things.  I heart free things, and that puts Frye Art Museum on the list.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2007,6/1/2007,317,792,11,17,11>In a head to head with Cupcake Royale, Trophy is the clear winner. Better, moister, denser, yummier cupcakes, and excellent, friendlier service. Not to mention a damn fine cup of french press coffee. So the way to do this is go with a group of people so you can try out a bunch of cupcakes (thanks Michelle!) - though I don't think you can go wrong with any of them. My favorites were the red velvet, chai, double chocolate and carrot cake. Especially impressive is that the red velvet is REAL southern red velvet, not just dyed cupcake mix. None of the frostings were too sweet, the coconut tasted fresh and the cakes had flavor galore. You'll have to go inside the Wallingford Center to find this place, but it's so pretty in there you'll be glad you did. They have cute, unique party items - I loved the alphabet candles - and the nicest, most helpful people behind the counter.I now have a sweet little fantasy going in my head. It goes like this: I show up at some party or gathering with a plate of cupcakes (having transferred them from the pretty Trophy box/bag to one of my plates). When people start to rave about the cupcakes, I airily say "oh, I just whipped them up, thought you might like them" and then everyone invites me to all their parties hoping I'll bring cupcakes. I will wallow in cupcake fame. They're that good.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2007,5/31/2007,286,242,9,6,4>She was a small town girl,Livin' in a lonely wor-r-r-ld...She took the midnight train going annnnnnyyyywherrrrrre...Karaoke here rocks.  They recently upgraded to an all computerized system with a boat load of songs.  There was not a one song that I wanted to sing that wasn't in the system.  Wasn't very crowded on a Saturday night either.  Make sure to tip the KJ so he buys more songs!so Don't Stop Believin', hold on to that feeeeeeeelin'P.S. the KJ dude reeeeeeeeeally likes to sing.  Like, so much that you end up drinking lots more so that you tune him out but then have to call a cab home.P.P.S.  Journey rules.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2007,8/28/2007,130,114,2,8,6>Now I know this will be controversial... but I'ma have to say that Cutter's has the best sushi in Seattle! Now don't everyone start ripping me apart unless you've actually been.Seriously, though, I come here for sushi and it is da bomb, each and every time. My wife and I usually get the Dynamite Roll, which has grilled salmon, Thai mayonnaise sauce, and melted cheddar on top. Fucking A. The other rolls are just as good, though. The Philly roll is well worth it. It has the perfect balance of cream cheese that most sushi places can't seem to figure out. The other rolls are all DA BOMB. I've been to a gang of sushi places in Seattle, there's only one or two that even come close to Cutter's, and they probably cost twice as much, at least.The Happy Hour also has extremely affordable beer and drink specials, along with half price sushi (sadly, not for the Dynamite roll). For the area, a prime muthacrunkin' tourist area, the pricing is very good. If you are not on a budget, get the drinks!! Cutter's has awesome mixed drinks, try for example the spiced mojito.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2007,8/27/2007,615,688,7,7,8>Hilariously I'd forgotten to write a review for this place despite how many times I've been here.  Maybe its because it's not listed in most travel books and people seem to guard it like a big secret.  And rightly so.We found out about this place from a nice girl in a parking lot.  Wine in one hand, folding chairs in the other, we inquired where she was headed and she was nice enough to point out where the park was.  We headed out immediately.  This place reminds me of that beach from "The Karate Kid".  You know, the one where they have the bonfire and all the cool CA kids are living it up with their boom boxes.  It just has that vibe when it's crowded.  Which is highly amusing.I love to watch the kite surfers and kayakers.  And wander to more secluded areas to snuggle and watch the sunrise or set.  I even got to watch some crazy lady swimming in the middle of winter and counting to herself.  And I did get to enjoy roasted goat on this beach, which was great, but not as good as all the watermelon I gorged on.Love this park.  And boy does it impress visitors.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2007,8/26/2007,104,107,8,7,3>We came to MIK for dinner last night, and our conversation went like this:Me: You can order whatever you want for entrees, but here is what we're going to have for appetizers.  We will have the Black and White Fried Tofu and the Crispy Imperial Rolls.D: Um, ok.I love how that conversation was more like a statement rather than suggestion.  But if you have been there as much as I have, then you know that those two dishes are a must have.The service is great and the owner, Alice, always visits with patrons to make sure that they are having a good dinning experience.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2007,8/25/2007,63,128,5,11,8>I did not expect to give this place five stars, but I was won over by its charm and gourmet delectability.From start to finish Tiffany gave us warm and highly competent service. Our diet cokes remained full, our appetizer was steaming hot, our salad was timely, and most impressively our shared salad and entree were split onto two plates.I can't say enough about the Insalata di Stefano. It has fresh fennel and green granny smith apples, with sliced parmigiana and truffle salt. Oh no, now I'm craving it this instant. Crap!The gnocchi was awesome and very rich and cheesy and fattening. The dessert was eh  - I had the raspberry chocolate cake, but the espresso was great and that made up for it. (And I still at almost every bite.)Mauro (owner) and Kristen (sommelier) greeted me warmly, and I was surprised they even remembered me, as I haven't been in in nearly a year. I was pleasantly surprised!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,8/24/2007,264,858,4,10,6>My mother-in-law suggested this place to us.  It is very true about this area of Greenwood, it is hard to fine a nice Mediterranean restaurant in the area.  I'm perplexed by the interesting poor to mid-ling reviews of this place.  We found it to be outstanding, food-wise and customer service-wise.  With it only being open for about 2 months, maybe there are a few kinks to work out, although we had no problems.  The place itself is rather small, our party of 6 took up many of the little 2 person tables, we didn't have to wait long for a few tables to leave.  By the way  if there is a wait, it's well worth it!!Celebrated Mom's day early with my folks since we won't see them tomorrow.  Any-who...  5 different dishes were ordered.  3 chicken, 1 Falafel and I had the rack of lamb.  Each dish was flavorful and tasty.  The falafel had a ever so slight sweet flavor to them, they were served up hot and fresh on a nice bed of greens and some sliced tomatoes, along with the usual garlic/yogurt sauce.  Veggie girl really enjoyed them.My rack of lamb was done to med-rare perfection, served with rice, a couple of roasted mushrooms and asparagus spears.  Nicely char-broiled to a tasty crust, and the portion was very sizable.  The three chicken dishes were to die for.  Shawarma, available in lamb or chicken, my Mom got the chicken, very tender and packed with flavor.  My better half had the Mediterranean chicken, while this was very garlicky, in a good way, it was suppose to have a lemon sauce with it, that didn't make it to our table, but the dish was still very good.  My Dad had George's Chicken, on the menu it states that this is his Grandma's old recipe, it was outstanding, Grandma would be proud.  A charcoal broiled, young hen, was marinated with oregano and special spices, very nicely done served with a side of the garlic yogurt sauce, wow!!I should also note we started off with the Babaghanouje, the mashed roasted eggplant and tahini mixture, this had to be some of the finest we've tasted in a very long time!  While I'm still burping garlic as I write, in a good way, day-walkers and vampires need not apply...Also all meals were served with soup or salad, we just let George do this thing and we all had the house salad, fresh romaine lettuce, cukes, tomatoes, served with their house dressing of mint and basil, it was delish!!No professional wrestling decor, just a simple home-spun feeling to the place that we all enjoyed.  George himself serves and takes your order, if the mood strikes him he'll start singing and dancing along with the atmospheric Mediterranean music, the man can sing, granted I had no idea what he was singing....6/23/07 Update:Here's a great article on George from the Seattle Times: seattletimes.nwsource.co…
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,8/23/2007,200,171,22,20,20>This place already has more stars than Promises Rehab in Malibu after Paris, LiLo and Britney have all checked in, but it's the Taco Bus!I'm not gonna lie to you. The approach off Rainier Avenue is grim. The bus - a real bus, including steering wheel and bus driver's seat (which often serves as an elevated garbage can pedestal) and windows that mostly won't open - is also grim, poorly lit after dark, and grimy. And for the love of all things holy, don't look down.So where's the but? There has to be a but, right? Of course there's a but: the food is rockem sockem awesome. Delicious and incredibly cheap. Try the mulitas or the tortas. Be sure to grab a couple of baggies of chopped limes and some of the carrots and peppers mix. Then take your hot freshly made authentic taco bus food to go and enjoy in the non-dirty bus atmosphere of your own home.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,8/22/2007,67,45,23,24,14>I have a secret that I am going to share, read the below only if you are a worthy "thrifty" as I like to call myself. A little warning: I am overcome by the need to be a little prejudice but I will have evidence to back my story up and I'm sticking to it gosh darn it.First off, no self respectable blonde foilhead Bellevue trustfund fashion snob would EVER be caught dead shopping at the Goodwill. So the place was still full of gems like designer designer clothing for maybe 1/500th of the cost!!!Second, fashion changes faster than the wind can blow and for the "early adoptivers" on the bell curve of style they can't stomach wearing last month's fashion much less last year's fashions. While shopping through the racks I pictured the maid of one of the "richies" going through closet after closet and bringing basically everything to Goodwill that didn't have a price tag still attached.Third, if you are size 8 in pants an size 6 in shoes there are even better gems that await you at this Goodwill. On the flip side I never saw so much designer plus size 20 and up clothing in a Goodwill before (and I shop a good 2-3 times a month at a thrift stores). So just think about those facts for a second, need I be prejudice again? Alright I'll give you a hint: Rich and perfect or rich and doesn't give a flying monkey.So in conclusion this place is full of awesome up to date clothing, the place is clean, organized and well priced. I walked out of there knowing I had just discovered the holy grail of thrift stores. I held my huge bag of clothes tight to my chest and couldn't wait to get compliments about my designer clothing and repeat the phrase: " Oh this silly thing, it was only $10 dollars at the Goodwill." For pete's sake I could be a poster child for them.One more thought: If you want to dress up as a Microsoft employee for Halloween- you will also have your pick of nerd gear and light baby blue Microsoft shirts! Go nerd wild.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2007,8/21/2007,44,28,23,16,11>I like it HOT!  Then, I like it COLD!  I like it quiet.I like it friendly.I don't think it is too much like a basement, it's a comfortable and welcoming atmosphere.  However, the bathroom needs a door.  I need a door.  You want me to have a door.  I definitely want you to have a door.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,8/18/2007,21,43,15,11,10>I sure hope nobody asks me where my favorite place to grab lunch in Belltown is, because I can't pronounce it. (Boolongery Nontaze? Boolaundry Nontease? Gah! Me no speaky the French!)So... If I tell you about this place, do you promise not to go in at lunch and hog the tables? Or eat all the chocolate coconut spirals? (I *still* haven't had one, since everybody done ate them all by the time I get there, the bitches.)The croque monsieur (croak miss-yur?) is fantastic, and the Notre Dame - goddamn! But, the primary reason I love it here is that they serve *three* (that's tois in French!) soups du jour! And they're consistently good. And with bread, for under $5! Holy crap! Now I have more money to blow on hookers!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2007,8/17/2007,70,154,7,16,11>I'm Dutch / Indonesian for the most part.  There's some other white parts in there that we just don't really talk all that much about.  Anyway, I have grown up with a grandmother and auntie's always cooking in the kitchen.  Some of my fondest memories are coming in thru the door and immediately being greeted by the heavenly aroma of indo food.Well, for the first time in 10 years I was greeted that very same way when I walked through the front door of the quaint little house that nestles Julia's Indonesian Kitchen.  Seriously, it took me back.  Anyhow, on our way up the stairs we were told by a couple leaving that  we were going to love the food.  Its been awhile since I've been in a place where people were talking about how good the food is.After a quick menu review I decided on the dishes we would order for dinner.  These four dishes are the four dishes that I grew up with and were the mainstay for almost every party, bbq or family gathering my entire life.  Hell, I grew up making these dishes... if anything, I had pretty high expectations.  So, tonight we went with Lumpia, Satay Ayem, Gado-Gado Betawi and the Soto Mie Jarkarta.The results... just like grandma makes!  The Lumpia is hand rolled and made fresh!  The Satay Ayem (chicken) is grilled to perfection and topped with a fantastic sweet peanut sauce that's indescribable.  Please do not confuse this peanut sauce with the likes that you would get when you order Chicken Satay at the local Thai place.  This peanut sauce is INDO!  The Gado Gado is a fantastic semi-vegan salad that has diced boiled egg, cucumbers, tofu and is topped with a chunky style peanut sauce.  The best way to eat is to dig in and mix it all up!  Now, the Soto is regionally different than what grandma makes most of the time.  Its egg noodles and tender beef slices served in a traditional Indonesian beef broth with a few fresh veggies in the mix as well.  What's funny about this is that when I told my Indo father about the Soto he immediately asked if it was like what grandma makes or the more traditional soup with the noodles.  After I told him it was the soup with the noodles he said "oh good... don't tell your grandmother, but I like the soup version better.  She makes her Soto funny... with weird stuff"  So, you heard it from my father... Julia's makes their Soto Mie Jakarta the traditional way and grandma makes her Soto "weird".There you go... An Indonesian restaurant reviewed by an Indonesian.  Well, half Indonesian.  The real review comes next week when I meet my father there for lunch.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,6/7/2008,164,329,27,15,20>hhhhhhhheeeyyyyyyyeeeaahhhhhh?!?!?!?!hhhhhwwwwwhhhhaaaattttttttt?!?!?!okayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!to the windowwwwwwto wallllllgotta head to this strip malland eat lil jon's meatballsand all skeet skeet skeet...oh... um... my bad... wrong lil jon : )ok ok ok ok... -breakfast ALL day long-try the patty melt-these people work hard and people come here and fill this restauant for a reason right?you have to come and at least say you tried it... that and it's always fun to do your best imitation of the rapper as you're heading to the front door : )
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,6/6/2008,189,149,15,22,19>I had NOOO idea what to expect when I came in here. I've passed it for years; worked blocks from it for over a year;  and always chuckled when I went by but never had the courage to enter it's walls.I've always been a fan of nooners. The Nooner is no exception. I am a fan! :o)You walk in and it's very simply laid out. Quite a bit more seating than I was expecting. It's a place where you walk up and give your order, then stay in line to pay. I think that's great - especially for lunch - because it's faster.I had the BLT sandwich and a cup of chili and an iced tea. The tea was unsweetened (YAY), the chili was 4 stars on my chili scale, and the BLT was the best one I've had in a long time. I think it was the double layer of lettuce. It's gives it something, for sure! The lady in front of me got the Clubhouse and it looked delectable - I'm having it next time for sure!!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,6/5/2008,100,142,17,16,22>I will crawl across the floor on my belly just to lick the dirty boots of the edible Dominatrix that is the Mashiko Omakase Dinner.Every day.This consumable sexual act started out BDSM & carried through the whole meal.Jim: I'd like the Omakase dinner.She: Have you been here before?J: NoS: We really don't like to sell Omakase to first time customers.Ji I'd really like it.S: Chef would rather know you and know what you like and can tolerate.Ji I think I can handle it.She looks at me.J: I pretty much judge Japanese restaurants on Omakase.  It's all I order.S: You've had a lot of them?Ji  All over the world, including Japan.S: Okay.Ji  How much is it?S: There's no set price.Ji  How much food?S: As much as you can take.While we didn't set a safe word, she came throughout the meal to see how I was doing.I ordered a bottle of good Sake & prepared myself for ... something.I got something, a mixture of pleasure & pain that humbled me.Course 1 - Brothed snail.  In the shell.  Just a snail, a cup, and a toothpick.  Not chewy, perfectly done, flavorful. C 2 - Three Oysters - tiny, medium, large.  Artfully arranged on an ice bed. In the half shell.  With a ponzu, radish sauce: spicy, sweet & perfectly balanced.  Reassuring.  Touches your soul.C 3 - Mountain potato over tofu - Two little cubes of tofu with mountain potato.  A thrilling nutty taste - unexpected & penetrating.C 4 - Geoduck slices in a lemon cup.  An artfully cut cup from a lemon holds many Geoduck slices (chunks).  Perfectly fresh, with that "I'm perfect Geoduck" texture of just slightly crunchy.  Pretty & personal.C 5 - Bluefin Poke with Nato and Bonito.  I took my first bite,  working it around in my mouth.  "Is is good?" Kim asked.  "Yes," I said.    "You look like something is wrong." She said.   "No, no, it just has the texture of oral sex."  Nato is highly viscous.  When you pull it out of the cup it trails long strings of viscous fluid, which is very much like ... well, you get the idea.  People notoriously hate Nato, which is fermented soy bean.  One person at our table tried it and declared, "ugh, I taste better than that!"  I enjoyed the whole dish, the bluefin was perfect, the bonito wasn't overpowering and the nato showed me my place.C 6 - Japanese smelt in a complex ponzu sauce.  By now I was having trouble taking notes.  I was slipping into the control of the Omakase.  I hate smelt and ate every last one.  This was the point where I knew I would eat anything.  My dislike aside, these were perfectly filleted and on little squares of something.  I don't even know what they were!C 7 - Nigiri - three pieces.  Albacore Belly, Sea Trout, & Black Cod.  I ate them in reverse order, no soy sauce.  The black cod was crispy, soft, perfect mouth feel.  The sea trout: excellent, unique, flavorful.  The Albacore Belly: like heaven on a little block of rice.  I felt so grateful for that albacore belly.  They use real wasabi and not dried.  Just the right amount to get the flavor.  I must also praise the Pickled Ginger.  Vivian declared it to be the best she'd ever had.C 8 - Ahi (I think) & Tako.  Slices of each (but I just don't think it was ahi) artfully interspersed to be eaten together.  A light sauce drizzled over top.  Clean & comforting.C 9 - Sea Squirt, Oyster shikasu, & sea trout mik sac.  After taking me around and around, it was time for me to learn my place as an adventurous eater.  Sea squirt tastes like it sounds: Briney, oceanic, natural.  The fermented oyster was an experience.  You take it in your mouth, all viscous and slippery, and get the initial taste of vinegar, quickly followed by the familiar flavor of oyster, then you bite it and get what can only be called a shocking blast of salt.  Overpowering and humiliating.  You cry when you eat it.  It's humbling and you must respect it.  My companions watched in bemused horror as I fought to survive it.  It was a good three minutes before I was able to choke out, "that ... may .... be ... the saltiest thing .... on ... earrrrth."  Dabbing the tears from my cheeks I marched right along to the milk sac which was placed there as a base to undo the flogger stings that was the fermented oyster.  The milk sac was soothing and caring.  It kindly brought me back to the world of the living.C 10 - 2 types of uni sushi.  One (that we're used to seeing here) is the Alaskan Uni.  Familiar to me in its tongueish look.  The east coast uni was smooth.  Alaskan - pungent, east coast - sweet.C 11 - Geoduck, gai lan, bean sprout, shitake stir fry with uni butter. I begged the woman to put this on the menu. This was perfection on a plate.C 12 - Fried black cod over a cold salad.  This was clean & warm. C 13 - Creme brulee with something salty on top.  I was in a food coma by now.Seventy dollars for that.  Isn't that worth submitting to? 5,000 chars is not enoug
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,6/4/2008,40,39,17,15,15>Once upon a time...I had a haircut in Hong Kong. The guy gave me bangs. Slanted bangs. Too weird for US bangs. He also gave me purple highlights. Bright purple. 5 years too early for US purple.I came back looking like a freak with a purple mullet. But it's okay, it didn't take too long for me to learn to love my mullet, and developed my love for the color purple. That was my tragic bang cutting experience.Years later... Jenny Slay cut my bangs, and I don't hate her!She gave me the low maintenance, cute hair that I asked for. Thanks Jenny!Now, I can go sing my "I love my hair" song.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2007,6/3/2008,67,45,11,15,16>If I would have reviewed this place a couple of months ago it would have gotten two maybe three stars from me. I used to love the breakfast burritos that "Virgina Madsen" used to make but she just recently sold the place! Which truly is for the best because the previous owner had trouble opening the place up on time, keeping staff, etc. It used to be a roll of the dice to stop by this place. So my point is that if you have been to this place before- and stopped going because it was never open- try again! The place was new charm, a fresh coat of paint, the people are friendly, and the good homecookin food is better than before! If you have trouble finding the place -welcome to the club. My best suggestion is drive aimlessly around Lucille and 6th and on a back road you'll see a small hut that is brightly painted with white plastic lawn chairs outside. That's the place!
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,6/2/2008,14,27,10,6,8>Hmmm.  A hamburger stuffed with sausage, you say?  It's like you have known me my whole life...but at the same time, damn you for making me decide betwixt fries and tots...you know I can't make that decision!You know how I love my beer, all too well. Every time I started to become more of a pessimist you happily reversed my fortunes, making that empty glass full again...and again........and again.,I do wish you had more seats that fit parties greater than two, but maybe that is just me looking for a flaw as to not fall in love at first seat.Fear not my darling Six Arms, I will be back.Oh yes, I will be seeing you soon
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,6/1/2008,221,213,13,13,13>So, apparently white people like expensive sandwiches? I guess I agree with that, but in an effort to remain PC, let's just say EVERYONE likes good 'n tasty sandwiches, ok?So, this place has AWESOME sandwiches! It's no secret, I love grinders and panini. Basically, I love bread, especially if it's hot or grilled. I love meat, especially Italian cold cuts. I love cheese, especially melted on top of Italian cold cuts sandwiched between French bread or ciabatta bread. The sandwich wasn't cheap but I wouldn't say it was expensive. Expensive would be anything over $10. My Italian grinder was $6.45 and included a free can of soda. Lots of soda options. I chose a diet Dr. Pepper, but they also have Coke and bottled water. And, I just have to mention the special service I got when I was in last week. I don't even know if the guy who was making my sandwich saw that I was observing (I was bored), but when he took my sandwich out of the oven, it was a little blackened at the edge of the bread. He actually scraped the burnt stuff off! I know it's not much, and honestly, I would have never noticed it, but I just thought that was pretty cool.A tip, call in your order so you don't have to wait and be tempted by the delicious looking gelato. It took some SERIOUS discipline on my part to not buy a scoop of that stuff.Another tip to offset the previous tip. Check out the website royalgrinders.com/home.h… for a coupon for a FREE gelato scoop with your sandwich purchase. Awesome!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,5/31/2008,65,77,20,17,14>Skye C:     "Hey Yelp Queen... Find me good fish & chips."Me:     *Consults Yelp Oracle. Is both intrigued and excited by reviews for Quinn's.*     "We are going here: [link to reviews]. Period."And oh, were you kids right. Those were some damn fine fish & chips. I've grown so used to the scrawny little strips of flavorless white fish buried within a meteorite of over-fried breading that pass for a meal in this town, that I'm pretty sure my brain actually broke when my dish at Quinn's was set before me. I mean... what does one DO when served an actual, substantial portion of delicious halibut which has been deep-fried just to crispy perfection and served upon a bed of crackfries?One eats it.One stuffs her little chipmunk cheeks full of fishy goodness as if a harsh, unforgiving winter is on the horizon and every last morsel must be saved. And then she has one more crackfry and chases everything down with a gin & tonic.THEN... she goes back the next night with her Dapper Young Gent, and together they polish off a burger and a basket of frites. And she falls in love with the English School Sidecar (which was sampled at her Dapper Young Gent's suggestion). And she laments the fact that her new addiction is a rather expensive one and not one she'll be able to satisfy often. Fortunately on this evening her Dapper Young Gent is happy to splurge a bit. She makes a mental note to return the favor soon.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,5/30/2008,173,265,41,19,26>$10-12 Alcohol.  $5 Pop.  $3.50 Bottled Water.  You know why this place gets 5 stars?  Because I'm not enough of a raving lunatic to pay the aforementioned prices for any of the above beverages.I saw a singer-songwriter-folk singer/harpist here who will remain nameless because people might claim I am trying to gain hipster street cred (hipsters have street cred, don't they?).  She performed with an orchestra.  I sat in the balcony.  It was fantastic.  The acoustics were perfect and the orchestra and the harp blended together to make some truly phenomenal music.In front of me were a couple of people who were - oh, how do I put this politely? - tripping their fuckin' balls off.  I talked to one of them right before intermission ended and he said when she was playing the harp it was like rays or beams were coming up to him.I, being the curious type, asked him, "Do you mean like some kind of energy beam or more like a death ray?"His eyes widened and he didn't move for an hour or so after that.  He was still sitting in his seat when I left.  I either killed him, put him in a coma or sent him on the trip of his life.  I hope it was the last one.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,5/29/2008,153,353,16,19,15>The best Thai on the Eastside.Location, location, location is the only thing that I think keeps them from being ridiculously busy all the time, but they are moving soon and I hope their new shinier digs don't corrupt their soul and destroy everything I hold dear about them. The curries, noodle dishes and fried rices are all stellar. However, (unless you're a vegetarian) if this is your first time at Chantanee, have the crispy garlic chicken. (~$11) This place would create a garlic triangle of heaven south of Bellevue Square if there was a third point for the triangle besides Mediterranean Kitchen.I've never had anyone say it wasn't great after trying it, and I've had "all of it" demanded before when splitting two dishes with a particularly inconsiderate dining companion when I was paying for the whole thing, which leads to 2 possible conclusions: - The crispy garlic chicken is personality-altering and makes people do terrible, selfish things to obtain more of it. Kind of like heroin.- The crispy garlic chicken is far better than my taste/judgment in company.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,3/28/2012,273,665,12,11,13>I came here for the Yelp Ugly Christmas Sweater Party. Luckily Riss had a sweater for me, so I didn't feel left out. The irony of the sweater made me feel more hipster. I think being a hipster is a requirement, but then again it is the Hill. They have Happy Hour from 7-9 pm. Which is pretty much the coolest thing ever. Sure, I rarely go to Seattle during the week, but if I did, I would definitely stop in here. Cheap beer and cheap food is always ok by me. I just had a Manny's, because the waitress didn't really seem to know the beer selection, and I couldn't be bothered to get up off my ass and walk to the bar to see the 12 taps myself. They have lots of $5 food specials too. I went with the chicken strips and fries, and for $5 it was a good amount of food and pretty good. They also have sliders which were apparently good, and a Happy Meal. The toy sucks, but $5 for a cheeseburger and fries is worth it. They also apparently have good deals on pitchers of beer. The server did an awesome job of getting all of our food and drink orders and keeping all of our bills straight and getting everyone separate checks, which is impressive since people were coming and going over a 3 hour period. Overall, a decent place to meet up with friends and make an ass of yourself and enjoy some cheap drinks and food on the Hill.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,3/27/2012,466,877,14,19,16>My recent meal at The Walrus was one of my most memorable meals in a long time. We went on Sunday for happy hour which starts at 4pm and goes till 6pm Sunday-Thursday. From 4-5pm oysters are 1/2 off and 5-6pm oysters are 25% off.We got there around 3:45 and there was a line. This was expected as The Walrus  was one of the most anticipated, buzzed about restaurant openings in Seattle. The decor was enough to draw me in in itself, food aside. I loved the quirky atmosphere and the small size of the restaurant gives an exclusive feeling- like you're in on a secret.I had the Mustache Ride cocktail with bourbon, cynar, allspice liqueur, maple, lemon. Funny name! I am not normally one to go for bourbon but I loved this drink. So refreshing and tasty. It was $8 during happy hour, normally $9. Cocktails are $1 off during happy hour. For oysters the two of us ordered 2 dozen and were perfectly satisfied. I have never had better oysters and that is saying a lot! I've eaten a lot of oysters.We had  the olympia, the blue pool, the penn cove select, the hama hama, and the church point. I could clearly distinguish the flavor between each different variety and enjoyed them all. My favorites were the church point and the blue pool. All of the oysters were harvested locally in Washington.We also had some roasted almonds to snack on which were $3. All in all experience was absolutely amazing. I love this place and would jump to go again. All oysters are market price so the cost varies. Our happy hour bill came to $54 including tax for 2 dozen oysters, the almonds, and 2 cocktails. If our oysters were normal price our bill would have been around $80. If you have out of town guests this would be a great place to take them and impress the pants off them. Make sure to plan to wait if you're coming for happy hour. You won't regret the effort!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,3/26/2012,149,196,11,10,9>It's midnight on a Saturday evening. I've had a few drinks. I'm feeling good. Out of nowhere.. hunger strikes.Me: I want chinese food.Boyfriend: Okay. Where?Me: (already dialing 663) Hi. I'd like to order takeout please. House special crispy chow mein. Beef and egg over rice.663: Okay. 10 minutes.We drive over to Chinatown, up Weller, stopping in front of 663 (who cares if we're double parking), run towards the restaurant, see a sign pointing left, oh yeah i forgot the right door is inoperable, run to the door on the left, strangely eyeball the bbq'd ducks in the window, walk in, walk to the counter in the back, pay $15 for 2 pounds of food.Yeah.. you heard that right.. $15 for TWO POUNDS of food.Talk about bang for your buck. Food was delish. And it prevented a hangover the next day.Thanks 663! You're the best!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,3/25/2012,123,328,5,6,8>We used Awesome Movers again today; Mike, Jesse, and Stu were prompt, polite, and professional. Even when Mike was chastised by an owner of a shop behind Rollin Street for not having his moving fan 8 feet forward for her invisible customers to roll up in their luxury (read: unnecessary) SUVs. Mike kept his cool and relented to the hateful sow's demand. He and his team moved all our belongings swiftly, and their prices are still awesome.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,3/24/2012,172,350,6,4,6>I love everything about Mighty-O. I love that their donuts are vegan, but in a sneaky way, so that people who wouldn't be willing to eat a vegan donut don't realize what they've done until it's too late...if they realize it at all. I love that their donuts are delicious!! I love their service. Mighty-O employees are as friendly and helpful as they come. I don't love that people bring their very loud toddlers to Mighty-O and feed them sugar and then ignore them when they scream and run into walls, but that is not Mighty-O's fault so it does not detract from my love for them.I love their location because only locals don't get lost in Tangletown which means there are more donuts for me when the tourists can't get there.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,3/23/2012,50,357,6,10,8>Goat Smoke! If you head to the back dining room at Mezcaleria Oaxaca- that's all you'll smell. They have this amazing slow cooker/roaster in the corner of the back dining room where they roast the "Cabrito" for hours. And when it's done- it's one of the tastiest things I have had in a long time. Queen Anne is immensely lucky to have this awesome new restaurant. Ballard has been lucky for a long time to have a restaurant run by these folks (La Carta de Oaxaca)- and I think they have perfected their goal of bringing Oaxaca to the Northwest in Queen Anne. They have only been open a couple of days- but already they seem to have found their groove. It's amazing what they have done with the space- it's beautiful inside. The service was top notch- Gerome at the bar let us taste a few Mezcals (kinda like smoky tequila)- and he makes a nice Sangria that wifey really enjoyed. To start- we had the Ceviche- which was super fresh and tasty. Mostly fish. Comes with a chipotle orange sauce that has a little heat. Then moved to the Mole Negro with Pork Ribs. The serving was a little small- but I honestly ate every last morsel and almost licked the plate it was so good. Their Mole is some of the best in Seattle I think- little sweet, little savory, little smoky. Finally had the Cabrito (roasted goat that is). It comes with Masa (kinda like Southern Grits)- and a dark sauce that was really delicious. The goat was just a little gamey and super tender- it was honestly the best Goat I have ever had. They bring out freshly made tortillas- so you can make little tacos. They have a salsa bar (like in Ballard)- with Pico and a couple of salsas for on the side. The hot one is my favorite. Get to this place soon before everyone knows about it. I think it's better than La Carta de Oaxaca in Ballard- and if their level of business is any indicator- pretty soon it's going to be tough to get a seat at Mezcaleria Oaxaca. If you have to wait though- do it- it's worth it.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,3/22/2012,204,515,6,9,9>Local 360 is the kind of eco-conscious place that sort of embodies the PNW food culture. Locally sourced flora and fauna.  Free range beasts who lived a full and happy life prior to meeting the butchers knife.   I came here with a rather large contingent of peeps with brunch on our brains.  I got my usual chicken fried steak which was a decent rendition, smothered in gravy but a bit on the small side.  I also got the pork belly which is pretty much a hunk of well...pork belly with a nice and crispy skin.  Service was great and I really liked the spacious high ceiling interior.  They are open a till 12am which is respectable for a place that isn't a bar.  The cons would be the portion sizes and the somewhat higher cost you might pay for such meticulous attention to sourcing.  Either way, these things shouldn't stop you from checking this place out.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,3/21/2012,713,559,13,24,16>This is a great little spot in the Central District that features one thing and one thing only on their menu...deliciousness!Actually, the menu features eight different items as well as a seasonal treat or two thrown in for added awesomeness, but who's counting, right?! During my visit, I purchased a box of six of the eight available sweets and found each one to be very tasty and unique.If you are familiar with stuff like mochi, yomogi, and imogashi, you will be very happy with the quality items here. If not, I encourage you to check this place out so you can experience them for yourself and don't ask me for any of mine because I won't be sharing!Prices are very reasonable, my box of six pieces was only ten dollars, and you will find both gluten and dairy free options for those that need them. The space has a very clean and simple look and you will find a few small tables inside if you want to hang out while enjoying your treats.The service here was great as the friendly person behind the counter was very helpful in answering all my questions and made some good suggestions as well. I always like supporting local businesses when I can, and Umai-do Japanese Sweets is definitely worth a visit or two...or three.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,3/20/2012,153,353,13,15,14>Pam isn't like the other girls.Pam's Kitchen, a mid-grade Trinidadian culinary outpost standing alone in a sea of options targetted primarily at slightly better than broke college students and hipsters continuing the trend into adult (at least by raw age numbers) life, doesn't quite melt in with her peers. She stands above, and to court her is a rare legitimate reason for those who have donned the weighty mantle of practical adulthood to visit "The Ave."With few entree choices and some Islander non-alcoholic drinks, the menu is compact. What it lacks in options it more than makes up for in Indian-ish flavor. The curry "roti" ($9/vegetarian, $13/chicken, $19/lamb) replete with salad and choice of dalpuri or paratha is among the best in the area of any origin, and the habanero hot sauce (sure to come with a waiter warning) can provide any and all desired levels of flame for a spicy encounter. The one relatively weak spot is dessert - if you're still hungry, which is not that likely, skip it (even the hearty Guinness ice cream) and go to Full Tilt for the definitive proximate experience just around the corner instead.I don't have enough experience to say whether Pam's is authentic, but I can say that I prefer it to the other purported Carribean restaurant in Seattle in Columbia City that shall remain nameless and I've taken people here ranging from native Seattlites to visitors from abroad and never been ashamed of my blushing dining prospect.Safe yet exotic, a thoroughly tantalizing mix. Only one question lingers unanswered:Why wouldn't you ask her to dance?
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,3/18/2012,95,254,7,5,6>This is my place. Mine. MINE. I'm pretty sure everybody wants to claim Bathtub Gin and Company as their own. I want to set up a flag at that table upstairs in the corner and claim it for myself. Then when I find someone on my territory I can ask them what the hell they think they're doing as they stare down the barrel of my shotgun.Anyway, they make the best drinks here, true mixologists. And the bartenders are so very nice. Yes, the drinks are $10 a pop. But you're paying for a one of a kind cocktail, and pleasant company (hopefully), and a candlelit atmosphere that fuels engaging conversation. Really, you're paying for BGC's magical ability to make people spill their heart and soul to you. Wouldn't you pay $10 to get someone to reveal their deepest, darkest secrets? I would and I do.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2008,11/29/2008,331,569,13,10,14>Thanks to the Triangle Pub I became a Seahawks super fan this past Sunday. You don't know the difference between a touch down and a home run? You pick your favorite team because of their colors and uniforms? Me too! Or at least I did, until I was gifted Seahawks tickets and invited to the Triangle for pregame festivities. The energy of this place on game day is enough to make a football convert out of me. Tiny space packed to the brim. Cheap drinks. Loud music.  Lots of fun.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,11/28/2008,104,107,10,18,11>When I told 3 of my guy friends that my boyfriend and I are shopping for engagement rings, they all said 'Don't you want to be surprised?'  HELLO, do you not know me?  Being surprised is nice, but I want to give input!!!  I wanted something that was special to us and reflected my personal style.  It was wonderful working with Steve at Green Lake Jewelry.  We came in with various pictures and he was able to incorporate them into one beautiful design.  He showed us other rings in the store so we could get an idea of the end result.  He also showed us various loose diamonds so we could determine the shape.  The total process took about 4 weeks and it was so worth the wait.  The ring is more beautiful than I had ever imagined and I'm still staring at it in shock.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,11/27/2008,6,12,8,11,11>I am NOT a donut person. i've had friends who would stop at Krispy Kreme, buy a dozen, and practically finish them by the time they got home. not me. Hostess? yuck. pretty much any donut from a grocery store bakery is disgusting. however i lived, for about a year, a block or two away from Top Pot. What just started as a coffee shop that i would stop into on my way to work, became a full on obsession. Top Pot is where i discovered I LOVE DONUTS!I really had no idea. Their cinnamon cake donut is to die for. Sometimes if you go in a little bit before they close, they'll throw in a bunch of donuts for free. i wish i still lived close enough to stop in a daily basis, but instead i get my Top Pot fix about once a month. cinnamon cake. seriously. try it.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2008,11/26/2008,502,444,31,25,28>I love being a mother. Really I do. My child is amazing, I am in awe of him everyday.However, as many women of my generation have, I put off the making of the baby for a while. I put off getting married for a while. When it comes right down to it, I put off growing up for a while. A long while. As I was whiling away my child bearing years, I came to REQUIRE the finer things in life. Like REAL FOOD. Chicken Fingers are not an acceptable appetizer for me. I would rather eat glass than EVER set foot inside a Chuck E. Cheese again. Maybe if I had squeezed one out when I was still a kid myself, that'd be acceptable - but not today. Thankfully, I have found a few fantastic alternatives to the Chuck E. Cheese experience - like hitting Madrona Playground (yelp.com/biz/madrona-pla…) and then running over to St. Clouds for dinner.The space is homey and cheerful with a couple breakfast nook-esque corner booths, the perfect lock down spot for a busy three year old. In addition to the obligatory crayons and paper, St. Clouds keeps drawers full of toys at the host station; we were seated with a bucket of amusements for the kid and and I actually got to read the menu. The whole thing. And ponder, and look around the room. And stare at the wall thinking of nothing. NOTHING. While I was mmmmmmm'ing and ooooohhhhhh'ing over my incredible babaganoush (so smokey and spicy - not at all your average preparation) with house made lamb sausages and grilled fig and caramelized onion goat cheese bruschetta - the mini hero was driving a toy motorcycle up and down my back (I totally appreciated the therapeutic benefits, don't think I didn't). And while I was loving my curried roast yam and sweet potato saute that was BURSTING with summer veggie goodness, the mini was delighting in his farfalle mac 'n cheese. He was NOT hanging off my right arm uttering is never ending adoration for my extremities as per usual..."I loooooove your arms Mommy...." making it impossible for me to eat, nor was he under the table stabbing me in the foot with his fork, or making a run for it out the front door into traffic, causing a ten car pile up....etc.....I loooooove St. Clouds.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,11/25/2008,12,34,8,12,11>I know, I know.  This place is currently rated at 4.5 stars and at this point, Gene Juarez himself probably gets a haircut here.  But I have to write a review, because my stylist Betsy changed my life last year, and I will forever be grateful.I was born with unruly, somewhat spastic, defiant curly hair.  It doesn't curl down, it curls OUT.  As a kid, I was nicknamed "Curly Sue" and teased relentlessly.  As soon as I turned ten, I mastered the blow dryer. I spent the next 11 years in front of a mirror every morning, blow dyer and flat iron in hand, pulling my hair as taut as possible, willing my hair to cooperate.  I experimented with reverse perms in my teens, and when Japanese thermal re-conditioning was introduced, I paid $350 (at a REDUCED rate!) to have that done every six months.  It took over 4 hours, and smelled god-awful.You could say I hated my hair.When I first started coming to Vain two years ago, I had Betsy cut my hair into a funky layered 'do, which I loved.  But one day, after about six months of coming to her, she held up a fried piece of hair and said, "Girl, we've got to do something about this."  She starting cajoling me - I should stop straightening my hair, I should let the thermal re-conditioning grow out, she could show me how to style it curly, it would be so cute....I think after 13 years of battling my hair, I was just exhausted.  I gave in immediately.When I returned 8 weeks later, she took the scissors to my hair and cut off a good 4 inches, removing the re-conditioned hair.  It was a shock at first - but I started receiving compliments almost immediately.  "Is that your real hair?" women would gasp.  "It's beeeautiful."  Beautiful?  Nobody had ever called my hair beautiful.  But with Betsy's guidance and the right products, I was left with perfect auburn ringlets - the head of hair people spend hours trying to create.  And it took me all of 45 seconds: gel, scrunch, spray.  Done.Betsy and Vain, I love you.  My hair is healthier and prettier, and I enjoy an extra 40 minutes of sleep each morning. Bless you!(Note: My rating is a 4.5 - I would love to give 5 stars but prices have raised dramatically in the last 2 years.  Totally worth it, but the percentage increase is large).
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,11/24/2008,113,373,4,4,6>Cremant is so fantastically french bistro.First, the food.  Duck Liver Parfait, made in house.  I don't love the duck liver but I had to try it after Aaron P's raves, it comes with the duck fat solidified on top.  It was perfect, so fresh tasting, so rich, I could only handle a few bites.  Next was the 4 oz. portion of the steak tartar, fabulous, but perhaps we shouldn't have gone back to back cold/rich dishes.  Then the bone marrow.  Maybe the best I've ever had this side of the Seine and on the most flavorful toasted bread.  Then we shared the hen's because we had done all that appetizing.  Then the cheese plate, then the huge saucer of creme brule.Did you get all that.  There's so much more to try there, I need to go back.  Next time we'll spend more time really putting together the elements of a great dinner together.  I fell as though I rushed in to all these wondrous things on the menu and neglected to think of meal flow.  Maybe I tried to go buffet at the nice french place, but I had to try it all.Now for the vibe.  We got the token corner table but there is also this big red couch in the back which would be such a wondrous (there's that word again!) way to take a coffee or a desert, or maybe just an app, it would be a little tricky for a full meal but I'm sure folks do it nightly.Then the wine.  They've a perfect, short, and dare I say affordable (great bottles for $50 or so).  We had a WONDERFUL smokey Burgundy.  I wish they would have served it in a big giant red wine glass, but alas, this is Paris, you can't have it all!Thank You Cremant for being SO french.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,11/23/2008,175,187,16,18,13>I've only known Noc Noc through various urban legends.  I know it's one of the few Goth bars in Seattle, so I've always kind of steered clear of the place, only because I don't own a single inch of vinyl and my shoes don't have enough buckles on them.However, I learned that Tuesday night is 80's night and an opportunity came for me to finally see what it's all about.It's amazing.We're talking the Cure, the Smiths, Bauhaus, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Depeche Mode, Talking Heads, Blondie.  Lots of awesome New Wave 80's, not a lot (if any) cheesy one-hit wonder karaoke favorites.  And...no cover.  And...happy hour until 9 PM.  And...a great crowd:  you got a few goth regulars, you got your happy jazz-shoed gays, you got a sprinkling of lesbians, and you've got a nice mix of hipsters, ad agency IT geeks and grungy Seattle guys.  Everyone dances for the most part.  Like, seriously INTO IT dancing.  I wore heels and my feet were like raw hamburger after dancing for four hours straight, but I probably burned 5,000 calories and definitely mastered the 360 degree full-body rockin' spin.Totally worth it.  I'll be back every Tuesday, I hope!
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2008,11/22/2008,278,486,6,9,9>What goes better with beer than pirates? Okay, maybe rum, but still! Why settle for another boring old sports bar with framed jerseys and pennants and big-screen TVs when you could be soaking up some genuine piratical ambience with your ale? The Jolly Roger Taproom has been around since 1997, and the beer they sell is made next door at the Maritime Pacific Brewing Company (which owns the Jolly Roger). It was named after their bestselling holiday brew, which explains their slightly odd logo - a grinning skull and crossbones wearing a Santa hat. That pretty much sets the tone for the Jolly Roger. It's not piratical to the point of eye-rolling, more in an understated but fun way - the floor is a giant antique map, and the occasional pirate flag hangs from the ceiling. I actually came here for Talk Like A Pirate Day and was somewhat disappointed by the lack of piracy in the air, but it's a low-key kind of place. I am by no means qualified to discuss beer, but I do know that the beer I've had here is all good. The last time I was here, the server recommended Portage Bay Pilsener to me, "a Northern European-style lager, rich in flavor, with a crisp hop finish." I found it light and clean, with a crisp flavor and not too hoppy. I've also tried their sampler ($8.50), which comes in five small tasting glasses with an adorable little "treasure map" placemat underneath, naming and describing each beer. They also sell wine and can do party kegs and bottles/six-packs to go. In addition to beer, the Jolly Roger serves lunch and dinner, Monday through Saturday. Lunch is served from 11 am to 3 pm, and dinner is served 5 pm to 10 pm (11 pm Sat). The lunch menu includes soups, salads, and sandwiches, and ranges from $6-10. The dinner menu changes every few weeks, and runs $16-20, though it includes schmancier stuff like Coulottes of Top Sirloin and Fresh Hawaiian Ahi. Personally, I've only been there for the bar menu, or the whimsically named "Grubbin'" and "Lite Grubbin'" appetizers. The Chips & Dos Salsas ($4) is a generous basket of chips and, yes, two salsas - one mild tomato salsa and a spicier salsa verde. Their Li'l Jollys are sliders, or mini-burgers - at $1.25 each or $3.25 for three, they're tasty and a great deal. The giant onion rings ($5) are HUGE and come piled up in a tower of batter-fried insanity, with a jalapeno tartar. All their appetizers come with suggested beer pairings - they take beer seriously here! There are several good breweries to try in Seattle, but I like to take visitors to the Jolly Roger because it has a fun theme, decent service (though it can be slow), and tasty bar snacks at great prices.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,11/21/2008,71,114,11,9,5>I have a bad habit. I often go long periods throughout the day without eating, just so at the climax of hunger I can spend all my calories... in a huge blaze of glory!!!!!!!Belle Epicurean is a great place to do this.When I'm downtown shopping literally until I'm about to drop, there's nothing like getting a revival in the form of flawless pastry and strong coffee. Yesterday I was in desperate need and found solace in a rich cappuccino and, more importantly, brioche with honeyed pears, toasted almond slivers, and rum-soaked raisins. I'm sorry, WHAT?! How dare they. Plus the chef was trained at Le Cordon Bleu and has all sorts of rave reviews on the wall along with her diploma. Impressed? Because I am. I sat there and devoured my 700 calorie snack (served on delicate, beautiful china, obviously they don't know my clumsy ass because they should not be trusting me) in front of a huge mirror. Front-row seats to my gluttony, awesome.Hint: It's only open til 2 on weekends, also it's tiny and easy to miss. So keep your eyes out for the statue of the fat French chef in the entry (or, the statue of what I will eventually look like if I give into every Belle Epicurean craving... I want to go back right NOW...)
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,11/20/2008,64,58,13,13,11>The BEST guilt free 'meal' around.  The chocolate 'lean and mean lite'  with soy and B12 is a staggering 240 calories.  I'm set for the day after one of these.  I go to the one in Fremont since it's closest to work and because Cathy is the greatest chic on earth and knows exactly how I like it (thank you baby jesus).  If you're not in the smoothie mood you should have some sugar free cheesecake.  Yes my friends, sugar free cheesecake and that's just the tip of the sugar-free, low calorie, high protein snack ice berg.  It's amazing!!Don't believe the reviews? You should roll up on this joint around 7:30-8:00am and check out the line.  YES there's a line waiting for them to open.*gavel*
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,8/15/2013,44,105,17,27,16>Needed a massage and a Yelp search yielded this place. Based on the reviews about it being "authentic Chinese massage" and seeing the great $25 deal, I decided to try it out.I just got home from my first massage and plan on going back once a month, if not more. I feel GREAT.Firstly - for $25 and getting the "basic" treatment for 75 minutes I wonder what you get for higher priced versions. I think next time I want to try out the $39.99 version just to see, even though the $25 version was 75 minutes of pure delight.Secondly - I echo the "warning" that the 4/5 star reviewers give to those complaining about it "hurting." This is not spa massage. It can be very rough (though you can ask them to back off a bit) though I didn't find it nearly as rough as the traditional Thai massages. They get at your feet in a way that is sometimes uncomfortable and those weird little spots that don't usually get any attention (that bottom part of your big toe, below the pad where it bends... I often rub that spot myself because it FEELS SO GOOD).  I like having my feet get beat up because it actually feels better and my feet feel so completely relaxed afterwards. I'm being funny when I say they get "beat up" but I can understand that for some people, that's how it feels & not in the good way. This style of massage is clearly not for everyone. If you don't like it, you don't like it. I happen to love it. Head to toe. I was actually sad when he finished with my feet and surprised when the massage continued as he had me turn over to work on my back. Way more than I expected to get.Thirdly - Honestly, I like it the atmosphere. I like the dark room & don't mind being out in the open. I actually don't like when I go to regular spas & never know where to look or what to do with myself & find myself having a conversation that I don't want to have the entire time. It's true, they don't speak much English here & that is also a bonus, to me. NO UNWANTED CONVERSATION.I saw that someone mentioned they thought it smelled badly, like vinegar... Really? I remember laying there noticing how NICE things smelled. Oddly, as the guy doing my massage was leaning over my face, I even thought, "Gosh, he has nice breath." Weird detail but I noticed. And the oils didn't seem to have much scent, either.Fourthly - about the oils or whatever they used: I have VERY long, fine hair. After most massages, I am always irritated at the oil in my hair. Whatever they use here is pretty light & I am really pleased to find that my hair is not a grease pit now. It is a small detail that I appreciate. Another small detail that was just a nice touch - I have heavy bangs and am used to leaving a massage looking like a crazy person cause of my hair. After he was done doing the head massage, he actually took a couple of seconds to smooth my bangs back into place. SERIOUSLY. I should have asked his name so I could request him again because I have NEVER had a massage anywhere where someone did that. I'd always be reaching up to frantically smooth them back down afterwards. (And I have had everything from the cheaper Asian massages up to super expensive deluxe massages at swanky spas.)Fifth - People are complaining about the "we prefer cash" thing. Whatever, just explain that you don't have cash on you. I did my homework BEFOREHAND and read reviews warning you to have cash for the tip. I used my debit card to pay, no problem and handed the guy a $10 cash tip. (From the reviews it seems $5 is standard but I'm a big tipper, especially for people who make my muscles feel like butta' and have to spend over an hour touching you.) They probably don't make a ton of money and make more on tips so I implore you, people - an extra $5 isn't much, give them a tenner. Sixth - People complaining about the "no English" thing. Oh, come on. If I go to a place that is "authentic Chinese/Thai massage" then I'm suspicious & disheartened when I find a bunch of American types speaking fluent English. Meh. This is a quirk of mine - I used to travel a lot and am always aching for my next trip. I have always loved being surrounded by other languages. The fact that they don't speak much English here & the dark non-spa atmosphere just gives me this small chance to feel like I'm not in Kirkland. It reminds me of the Thai massages I used to get when I lived in Prague - the unusual atmosphere, no frills approach, and lack of English. Or hell, reminds me of my trip to Thailand. (Wish it reminded me of my trip to China but, alas, I haven't been there yet.) I am comfortable maneuvering around language barriers, I could care less if they speak English or not. Besides, I thought it was cute when my masseuse let me know he was done by saying, "Ok, lady." I'll take every chance I can get to rub up against other cultures. $25 for a fabulous 75 minute massage that worked out all my kinks AND 75 minutes pretending I'm not in Kirkland... that's a steal.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,8/14/2013,47,147,8,12,8>I love this place.  So authentic that you will swear Queen Anne looks like Anatolia and the Fremont cut the Bosphorus strait.  Lunch is fantastic; the hummus platter a must.  Make sure you get the Turkish coffee, which is authentic in every detail.  But what I like most of all is the owner's Turkish hospitality and ingenuity (adding food and drink to the space and therby increasing the return per sq ft). This is my "pick" of the year.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/13/2013,390,547,8,16,11>My wife went here a few weeks ago and enjoyed it so much she suggested we go back for a date night last weekend. We managed to snag a table with no reservation at around 7pm, although the place filled up soon thereafter.We shared three dishes, all of which I thought were good, although one stood out. It's a "Lebanese salsa" (Hot pepper paste, tomatoes, onions, fresh parsley, walnuts, topped with lemon juice, pomegranate juice, and olive oil) - which was deliciously spicy (not burn your mouth off) and different than your normal salsa. Went great with the warm pita bread. We also had the kibbeh (Fried grit dumplings filled with lamb and pine nuts) and shared the lamb shish kebab.  Sharing's definitely the way to go here so you can get a variety of tastes/flavors.The only bummer was that they were out of 3 of the wines I'd have otherwise considered ordering. Maybe there was a particularly large group before us or something? Hope that's not a trend.It's not particularly fancy decor wise but that's not really what I want to pay for every time. Harissa fit my expectations, and I think this is a nice addition in terms of variety to 15th Ave.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/12/2013,131,213,18,22,25>Honestly what's better than juicy, smoky, perfectly roasted pork encased in a crispy crunchy, crackling skin? Not many things can beat that my friend. The roasted pork at Kau Kau is awesome and so is the BBQ pork. The meat is juicy, succulent and has the perfect amount of saltiness. They also make a great roasted duck here, it goes great with rice and some chilli sauce. The skin is just so crispy! I have never actually eaten inside of Kau Kau, I've always gotten everything to go but I've been eating roasted meats here since I was a little girl. We have gotten whole roasted pigs here for many birthdays and weddings (they include a big wooden tray and a butchering knife that you return later.) I have fond memories of my dad and I getting a whole pound of roasted pork and eating basically half of it on the way home because it smelled too good not to. It goes great with fresh baguettes and a little butter and chili sauce or with just plain rice and a little soy sauce.They are friendly, efficient, and affordable. They also have great lunch specials. I cannot speak for any of their other dishes since I've only ever had their delicious meaty offerings, sauces and rice. If you've never had any of the above from Kau Kau you are truly missing out! My go to place for Chinese BBQ.. 5 stars all day....
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/11/2013,416,153,12,22,22>I have a special fondness for Taylor's oyster farm, because it's (the farm, not the shop) a mere mile or so south of my dad's house, which totters precariously off a cliff just yards away from a "Slide Area" warning sign on Chuckanut Drive. Growing up, my dad would make oyster runs down to the oyster farm and return with these burly, briny Pacific oysters in mesh sacks. I'm not sure if the oyster farm changed hands over the years-I believe it did-before becoming Taylor, but in any case, I've wanted for a while to duck into their Melrose Market location and tuck into a couple dozen oysters.Which is what I did, right there in the sunlit window after a client meeting. A dozen kushis and a dozen kumamotos. Since I was there for happy hour, all dozens were $4 off. The smaller, more buttery oysters (as these are) are more expensive, averaging around 22 bucks a dozen before the HH discount. The larger, brinier oysters of my Puget Sound sailing summers are cheaper by a few dollars.The service is friendly but they definitely don't hover. If you think of it as a market with quick table service, that's about right. This is fine--I don't ask for much with such a simple spread of oysters on ice, but napkins would have been nice (particularly because washrooms are a couple of doors down, and, well, cocktail forks are a last recourse. Oysters will always be finger food to me). That said, the guys tossed in a few bonus oysters, and the oysters were stellar, so all is forgiven.I've had some great oysters around town in the last couple of years, but one thing that can really wreck even the most perfect oysters is an imperfect shuck. I have to say that these guys are AMAZING. Cleanest shuck around. It's expected, but never pleasant, to get a shard of shell in the slurp sometimes (God knows my own shucking, while decent, is flawed as often as not). But this was a very rare exception in my 24 delicious wee bivalves. They are cracking fresh, perfectly chilled, and simply delicious. Serendipitously, I also had the weird good fortune to discover--just as I was phone-Googling cost of living in Buenos Aires to research a job opportunity-that the woman seated next to me at the window was planning a permanent move to her favorite city: Buenos Aires. Strange synchronicity, delicious oysters. A good Seattle moment.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,8/10/2013,386,1001,20,24,21>Something of a Snohomish County institution, as those things go. Nobody else is cranking out the island-style love like these guys do--there are HI BBQ places here and there, but this place has full-on table service with comfortable seating, and a full menu. They've just moved from downtown Everett to a little spot in Picnic Point (north edge of Lynnwood). They have more parking now for sure, and you can kinda tell you're at a Hawaiian place because there's a thatched grass awning over the doors--which are decidedly of the Home Depot variety, but that's alright.You walk in and there's a nice lobby with dining rooms behind, with pleasing colors and attractive floral decorations. You get a warm, welcoming Hawaiian vibe without feeling like you're in a theme park. The people are so nice, just so genuine and sunny and affirmative, and you're glad you came as soon as you start chatting with them. The menu leans a bit toward grilling and steaming, though not exclusively. You can get HI BBQ, lau-lau, lots of house specials. Spam sushi! Love it. Everything here is good, and cheap. It's not fancy at all--the five stars are for value as well as quality. You can take stuff to go if you call ahead.There are already tons of regulars hitting up this place, lots of families originally from the islands as well as tons of locals from around here. I love the people, the food, and the prices here, and it will definitely be a permanent part of my rotation.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,8/9/2013,128,115,11,23,11>Forget everything you know.  Disregard all that you have heard.  This is it. This is the most important restaurant to open in Seattle (I group puget sound area as one) in 2013.  Historians will mark June of 2013 as the turning point for Seattle, when everything started changing.Let's be honest, no one comes to Seattle to eat.  Sure we do our Salmon right, our oysters fresh but when it comes down to it, our options are extremely lacking and our palate for no bullshit, amazing food is nowhere near as developed as cities like San Francisco, NYC or Vancouver.  We are usually happy and contempt to see another teriyaki joint.  We export our best geoducks on the global market, aside from a few hip places, restaurants that serves it correctly are few and far between.  We eat most of the downright disgusting food at the bite of Seattle.  A stale burger bun with low quality Costco patty served at a stand that sells nothing but burgers, how is this possible?  And what the hell is wrong with us for buying into it (myself included)?  Why are people who care nothing about the quality of the food and everything about money given rights to showcase their "cuisine" at an event that is meant to showcase the best and most ethnically diverse foods of Seattle?  Don't get me started on the dim sum stands.Like most major cities, Seattle is not short on steak houses or cook it yourself BBQ restaurants.  There has however, never been a true Japanese style BBQ restaurant with authentic elements like charcoal grills and extremely high quality cuts.  We are littered with Korean BBQ all you can eat restaurants in a head to head race of who can serve the lowest quality of meats and provide the worst possible customer service yet still stay in business, astonishingly they manage to achieve what I perceive to be new lows or perhaps to them, new highs every year.  Ishoni is the complete opposite embodiment of that idea, it seems to be in a race with no one but itself as to provide the highest quality BBQ experience possible.  They seem true to the idea that "There is no greater challenge in life than the battle within yourself", that is what I believe to be the most noble of efforts and causes.The typical old school steak houses has it's charms, it's an experience in itself.  However, my philosophy has always been good food above all else.  El Gaucho, Metropolitan Grill, Capital Grille are great but to my knowledge there is only ONE other restaurant that serves A5 and Australian Wagyu which is John Howie.  The prices are also more reasonable than John Howie, if you are going to eat for ambiance and/or just want a big steak, go to a classic steak house.  If you are in it for the highest quality at the best price in Seattle, this is it.  Wagyu over charcoal in a ceramic pot is as close to a spiritual moment as most of us will ever experience.The owner personally takes the time to cook the meats for you, obsessive-compulsively changing the grill mesh between each dish and explaining the subtleties and ways to enjoy the brilliant cuts.  Probably isn't possible in a larger restaurant, leading me to address my next point, many might complain of the space and the soon to be long ass waits, but I think that is missing the essence of Ishino, it only works when it is about this size.  Any bigger and the attention to detail might be lost.Onward we go.  In what I hopefully still remember as chronologically in order, hot days and air conditioned bars carry a heavy burden and toll on me physically.Premium Beef Tongue - Amazing first dish, taking the first bite I knew I made the right choice coming here, perfectly seasoned and loaded with depths of beefy flavor goodness.Rice - The seasoning and scallions works well, so many restaurants mess up the rice, not here.Harubi Beef - Thin slices of high quality beef, really delicious.Australian Wagyu NY Strip - Don't come here and complain why this is so expensive.  For the rest of us, this and the A5 are supposedly only available on the weekends.  Order it, find god.Cubed Beef - Can't remember what this was exactly called but it was very tender and almost as good as the wagyu.Pork Jowl - Mind blown.Mixed Shrooms - Probably the least memorable dish of the night, not that it was bad but when everything was amazing, shrooms take a backseat.Lambchops - I must have been eating the wrong lambchops my whole goddamn life because this is the best lamb I have ever tasted, owner proudly exclaims that there is no gaminess.  A must order.Mixed Seafood - Colossal size scallops which tasted as fresh as the sea.  Shrimps, not your usual farmed or frozen black tiger variety, amazing.  Spicy squid, Mmmm!Spicy Chicken - Same story as shrooms.None of the flavors, (miso, salt/pepper, spicy, bbq) you can go wrong with.  The owner (Steve?) clearly found his calling in life and I am glad he can share it with us, we are better off as a society for it.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,8/8/2013,112,326,15,19,14>What a cool spot for coffee and pastries! Kaffeeklatsch is definitely adding a nice touch of class and awesome to the LCW. The coffee here is pretty danged good. I've had Americanos, a latte and a mocha from here. Chocolate and caffeine?! Gimme some moar! I've also grabbed a few other beverages for my coworkers and they've dug their drinks as well. But really where this spot shines for me is the authentic pastries and treats. Man... this stuff is good! I can't even try to write the names of the stuff I've had here but they... were. All. AWESOME. I work with a German dude who absolutely flips his lid over the goodies sold here. I like to buy them and walk by his office so he can smell them... then I hold them ransom. Yes... you will buy me lunch. Exxxxxcellent.The employees here are super nice and are pretty hilarious. I've heard them chortling along with the music, seen them dance with regulars and just generally love their job and what they do. That's not something you can fake and I feel it adds to the likability of a business.Kaffeeklatsch is really one of the nicer offerings in Lake City, offers plenty of seating and amazing treats at a great price. My only gripe about Kaffee is their signage is nearly nonexistent. If you don't know where it is you're probably going to drive by it a few times. Use your GPS and when it says you're "there" just slam on your brakes and park in the nearest spot... go the rest of your journey on foot.I'm a fan!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,8/7/2013,1232,542,16,17,16>Love this casual, family friendly burger joint.  Old school meets 2013.  Perfect -- just like a 007 martini.  They don't sell martinis here in case you were wondering or confused, but I believe they'll be selling beer & wine soon!The colors of the wall are vibrant and spunky.  It's a great space for just hanging out with some friends to play old school arcade games, maybe grab a quick burger and fries for lunch or a place to go for ice cream or milkshakes with the kids on any given day.I was a bit perplexed reading a few prior reviews regarding the burgers being crunchy.  See my photos.  The cheeseburger I had was quite moist and I could tell quality grass fed beef was used vs. a Costco frozen patty.  I also ordered beer battered onion rings.  They were tasty!  You could taste the beer in the batter for sure though it was subtle.  In a good way...They serve Full Tilt ice cream.  If you don't know about Seattle's Full Tilt you'll have to read up on them separately.  Hand-crafted ice cream with unique flavors including ube, thai tea, mexican chocolate, etc.  You can have it on a cone or enjoy a milkshake.  They even sell the ice cream by the pint if you want to take some home. I got there around 1 PM and there was about 6 people ahead of me ordering.  They use the iPad technology to place orders.  Efficient.  There was a hiccup on the first transaction, but it was no big deal.  After all, technology isn't perfect.  There's a few old school Arcade games.  Remember Ms. Pacman?  I attempted to play while waiting for my food.  At my table!  Yes, table arcade on top of pinball machines and other games.  They even have a change machine so bring your dollar bills if you plan to stay awhile.The place was clean and organized.  Also, they have a patio so once the weather warms up, it'll be a nice spot to eat.  However they also have outside heaters.  Plenty of parking too and not too far off I-520.  Definitely worth trying.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,8/6/2013,468,742,11,15,16>I've heard mixed reviews on Little Uncle and I've been searching for a restaurant in Seattle that makes great Pad Thai. The set up is interesting although probably not the most ideal for a rainy city. Seating is outdoors so my date and I toughed it out.We (obviously) ordered Pad Thai and the special of the day, geng baa. According to menu, geng baa is made of pungent jungle curry with Oregon water buffalo, bamboo, egg plant, long beans, grachai (similar to ginger), hot basil and green peppercorns served with mixed rice. The broth was spicy, which helped me keep warm while dining outside. The buffalo was pretty tough to chew but overall it was an enjoyable dish. As for the Pad Thai, the taste was delicious. It also was not ketchupy or saucy (yay!). Our Pad Thai came with a slice of  lime, chili flakes and sugar to customize the flavor, which I think is better than just telling them how many stars you want (for spice). I do agree with some of the reviews regarding the noodles, which were mushy. If Little Uncle can fix that, this is easily one of my favorite Pad Thais in the city.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2006,9/26/2006,1574,1166,15,9,4>Ok, let's get this out of the way "authentic' does not equal "good," nor does the inverse apply. That said this place is not authentic, but it is good.Bring Sushi Virgins to this restaurant for a chance to ease their way into the scary waters of eating raw fish. For most people who have never tried sushi, the idea of stuffing a raw squirming chunk of fish in their mouth is not appealing. This is where Wasabi Bistro shines - they have plenty of creative rolls that contain no raw fish. ***ok, I see sushi fans everywhere steaming with rage right now*** This allows someone to start off nice and easy with a california or spider roll. They'll get to practice mixing the wasabi with the soy sauce, and fling their food around with chopsticks in serious frustration. After this first, fairly messy attempt, you can bring them back the next time and ease them into a roll with some tuna or a bit of smoked salmon, nothing too crazy. Before you know it they will be scarfing down pieces of nigiri, demanding large pieces of sashimi, and grossing you out with their requests for uni. OMG what have you done?Next they'll be bashing Wasabi Bistro for not being authentic!
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2006,9/25/2006,44,78,4,8,6>Whenever I go to Alki, I like to pretend I'm in a totally different place altogether...it just doesn't feel like I'm in West Seattle, or Washington for that matter-it feels like southern California.  And whenever I go to a beach in southern California, I make it a point to get some sort of nasty, greasy meal to eat while I'm crisping in the sun.  Point being: the Pepperdock satisfies that particular need.It's your typical burger joint with all the fixings.  Burgers, fries, o-rings, shakes, ice cream, sandwiches, etc.  I was especially intrigued by the 'shrimp burger.'  I just don't quite know how I feel about that.  I like to get the 'King Burger Deluxe' (or something like that).  You get a cheeseburger, fries, and a few onion rings, and it won't put you back more than 5 buckaroos.  The restaurant looks a little dingy from the outside, but rest assured it is clean on the inside.  Overall a great place to get a burger, fries, and a soda so you can walk a few feet and park yourself in the sand and stuff your face.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2006,9/24/2006,7,14,4,6,3>Wireless, Macs, latte perfection, plenty of current fashion rags, and Fiore chocolates. And if that weren't enough they have Prosecco and Lillet, very euro. The staff is professional and sweet and will remember you after only a few visits. I like to treat myself here, before shopping, or after going to the bank, or a myriad of other half-baked reasons.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2006,9/23/2006,59,99,10,5,6>One Summer, it seemed that nearly every afternoon, right after work, I'd meet friends here to eat hot dogs, drink cheap beer and shoot digital bucks on Big Buck Hunter.Now, I'm personally against hunting, but it is also a little known fact that digital bucks actually want to die. It is their life mission to be shot by players of Big Buck Hunter. And, by playing the game, and shooting them, you are helping make their existence seem worthwhile.And, it is ALSO a little known fact that the closer to neon green your hot dog relish is, the better it is for you. So, make sure to get relish on your hot dogs.That was a fun summer.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2006,9/22/2006,559,362,3,5,7>You're driving up the hill late during one of those misty, rainy nights, a Tuesday, perhaps.  No one is on the street but you aren't ready to call it. Your dinner jacket looks as though it didn't just sit through a marathon card game at that secret bi monthly set @ Hotel 1000, but, well, you know. You didn't win tonight and don't care. Life is sexy and you look great.. Pulling the towncar into the empty parking lot, you slide almost in front of the semi-secret door that is Havana. Entering, you are immediately and warmly greeted by Shea or Quentin, like they always do, looking up from their design magazine or quiet conversation. Even though it's real dead tonight, you take in  the dimly lit room and note the aura of who real players were, a time capsule, when everything mattered, and you head upstairs to the alcove overlooking the room.With ease you order a bottle of champagne. Sometimes it's Veuve, occasionally, a Tattinger. Regardless, this place is a bargain. And you're feeling sexy. Amazingly, you say to yourself, this joint feels different each and every time, depending on the weather. Last summer you lived here for the Mojitos, and your seersucker suit was perfect. But since it's tonight, you'll just sip from this flute. You'll come back, just as always, maybe for one of the four nights they bring in DJs, or after the Black And White Ball. Whatever. Havana will be waiting.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2006,9/21/2006,35,37,5,4,3>A recent arrival to Seattle, I haven't quite mastered the art of predicting the prices, food quality and atmosphere of a restaurant based on its outside appearance. See, in Washington DC, a certain gleam to the glass in front, a satin sheen to the freshly-painted woodwork, and a proper snubbing from a bored and small-boned hostess are all required in order to communicate to the proper clientale that today's salad will be served on a small plate and cost 12 dollars...but the tomatoes will be heirloom and that only yesterday, the deep green spinach leaves were most likely mnding their own business, living the secret life of plants on a farm not ten miles away.Exhibit A: Julia's. A (vintage?) diner-style sign, world-weary chairs and tables, maroon walls with visible scuffs and touch-ups. I stopped in the other night for a burger and beer and was suprised, upon a quick glimpse of the menu, to learn that I was sitting in the sort of restaurant that serves whole roasted garlic cloves with warm oaty bread from its own bakery next door! The baked goat cheese appetizer came swimming in an herbalicious tomato puree and more roasted garlic. So fresh, so tasty. And there was I, so happy to be in a city where good food comes without the obligatory drum-and-bass soundtrack and  9-dollar-and-up martini menu.Now, where's a girl to go for a good burger?
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2006,9/19/2006,62,63,1,8,5>I had heard so many good things about Crush I finally had to try it.  WOW! They really lived up to the hype.We called late morning and made reservations for 7:45 that evening.  Lucky, because the place was packed when we arrived.  We did not, however, have to wait for our table.Our server was excellent.  Although the dining room was full she never felt rushed.  She would chat graciously when we had questions and swoop in and disappear silently, leaving goodies, when we were involved in conversation.  She knew the menu and made very good suggestions.  Our night would have been very pleasant with her service and merely average food.However.The food was amazing!  We started, at the recommendation of our server, with glasses of the house sparkler and a crab cake.  A perfect pairing.  The sparkler was nice and dry with notes of tart apples.  The crab cake was what all crab cakes aspire to be, plenty of meat lightly battered and seared to perfection.  For our entrees Trish ordered Halibut with mashed potatoes served with a little caviar on the side.  The fish was melt in your mouth good.  I had the Pork Loin served on a bed of kale with white beans and "listeners"(we had to ask, it was what we thought).  The pork was divine,extremely tender yet crispy in all the right places.  The beans, cooked with the "listeners" in an intense pancetta like sauce, were tender and yummy.  We accompanied our meals with a Margarita, tart and strong, for her and a Manhattan, a little sweet to my taste but still quite good, for me.  We, unfortunately, did not have time for desert but are looking forward to trying those at our next visit.My only complaint, although not enough of an issue to drop a star, was our table was in the corner of the bar, which is open to the kitchen.  The heat from the kitchen and the lack of air circulation in the corner was a little uncomfortable.  When next we dine here I will be requesting a table in the main dining room.If you are looking for a special occasion restaurant this should be on your list.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2006,9/17/2006,53,99,6,6,6>I am completely fascinated and obsessed with Cupcake Royale. When I first heard about the concept, I couldn't believe my ears. A place that only sells cupcakes? What? And cupcakes with ballerinas on top? Oh my, I think was transported back to fifth grade for a few minutes upon first hearing of such mecca of pastry and frosting.I was so there.And I wasn't disappointed the first time, either. Rather, I was impressed that a small, hole-in-the-wall cafe would be open late to cater to revelers of the cupcake. And, with a DJ spinning records to boot.My favorite cupcake has to be the chocolate with pink frosting. I've also had the lemon, mint, vanilla and chocolate frosting varieties. My only beef, if I'm being picky, is that the cupcakes taste a tad stale toward the end of the day. Which makes sense, of course. It's not like they're a perpetual cupcake factory that never closes.(Although, if such a place exists, I am so there, too.)Cupcake Royale has also become a staple stopoff for our out-of-town guests. In fact, I even convinced one of my friends to buy a "Legalize Frostitution" shirt. Gotta love THAT! To which I say, amen.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2006,9/16/2006,132,42,2,4,2>I rarely make it over to West Seattle, but I had a gift certificate for $100 for Mission. Typically you can't find good Latin/Mexican food at a high class place. The best mexican food I've ever had was from a lunch truck in Eastern Washington...but I digress.Mission's food was superb. Not out of this world, but very solid. Make sure you get the Corn on the Cob tapa as it is simply amazing. Probably the best corn I've had on the West Coast.Didn't try Wi-Fi, so I have no idea about that here. We also happened to stumble upon Kung Fu night. It's pretty surreal to be in a Latin/Mexican place in Seattle watching Kung Fu movies.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2006,9/15/2006,8,23,2,6,8>I only have 5 tattoos and I had 2 of them done here. I don't know what criteria most people use to judge a tattoo shop with. For the most part tattoo's are pieces of art and art is subjective,so what appeals to me,may not appeal to someone else?? So for me I give this place 5 stars because of five reasons...1. It's super clean2. I was happy with both tattoo's I had done here.3.The staff is nice and helpful.4. They have a whole wall adorned with awards they have won.5. Once I brought some nose jewerly in, that I did not buy there and asked if they could re-bend it for me. They did this happily for me with no charge.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2006,2/2/2007,62,63,19,15,10>So Trish went out with the girls this evening and left me to forage for dinner on my own.  So I decided to get dressed to the nines and indulge in some sushi.  So I polished up my brand new patent leather flip-flops, slipped into my favorite utilikilt,  turned up the collar on my best polo shirt and donned the swankiest argyle cardigan sweater vest ever and headed out the door.I arrived at Shiki and they were so impressed they let me sit at the bar where I could watch the Sushi Master work his magic.  I really like sitting at the bar because my utilikilt rides a little low and I can show off how well my thong matches my flip-flops.  The waitress is quick with the menu and brings me some hot tea.  I order a large hot sake to go with and begin my perusal.  I have been to Shiki for lunch a few time and already know what I want, but am a tad disappointed when it is not on the menu.  When the waitress returns I ask if I can get the Chirashi bowl for dinner and I get my favorite answer.  "Of course we will do that for you."  Chirashi Bowl = Large bowl packed with plenty of sushi rice, covered with a layer of tobiko and topped with a variety(chef's choice) sashimi, usually two to three pieces each of maguro, sake, hamachi, ebi, hamaguri, hotatagai and two or three others with a couple of slices of tomaga which I like to save for dessert.Great service, fresh food, tasty beverages.  Shiki will not disappoint.Anyway, after gorging myself with copious amount of raw seafood and rice and washing it down with a tad too much sake, I stumbled home and curled up in a foodie haze.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2007,2/1/2007,318,575,7,7,5>This place rules all. Like all kids of the 80's, I had a Nintendo and a good amount of games. Like all the cases, the Nintendo broke, so I had no way of playing those sweet games. My friend told me about this place, so I checked it out. Low and behold, they had what is called the Yabo game system, which plays the original Nintendo games. And best of all, only like $30. Yipppeeeeeee!!!!!  They have a bunch of the original Nintendo games along with a bunch of other retro games of various systems.I need to pick up Paperboy from there sometime.Rock!
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/20/2006,1/31/2007,53,99,7,8,7>In any other circumstance, there's no way I would be caught dead at a place like Contour. It's loud, it's somewhat seedy, and it's downtown - so not my scene. However, I was there to meet up with some Yelpers for after-work drinks, and what are you gonna do? They have Happy Hour prices until 8 p.m. Who am I to shun a place that features "costumed dancers" and a "laser light show" on Friday nights when I can get an order of chicken strips or a bowl of mac 'n cheese with shrimp for only $2 on a Thursday night at 6:30?In all seriousness, I had a great time at Contour with my Yelp friends. Granted, we had to sit next to a giant speaker and shout over the dance party music, which was quite enjoyable, I might add, but it didn't matter. Even though the food was only marginal and the service was just eh, the conversation was great and the drinks were good. The best part? It was cheap. I'll probably never go there again, but it's good to know that if I'm ever in the mood for "visual erotica," Contour's got my back.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2006,1/30/2007,122,165,6,11,8>When you're sick, what place can you visit where everyone knows your name? Besides the bar "Cheers," you can go to Queen Anne Family Medicine. Whenever I walk into Queen Anne Family Medicine, Matt the Referral Guy looks up and says, "Hi Trish, how are you doing?" If he weren't so nice, I might normally get freaked out and paranoid about hypochondriac tendencies. But Matt even asks about my partner, Stephen J, even though he hasn't been in the clinic for months.I started going to QAFM when I had a medical scare in 2005. At the time, Joelle Thirsk-Fathi, a nurse practitioner, was able to diagnose what a cardiologist, endocrinologist, neurosurgeon and neurologist could not. Take that, you western MD smartypantspeople! She was absolutely wonderful. Joelle has sinced moved on to acute care, in organ transplantation, so as amazing as she is, I hopefully never have to see her professionally again.I now see Dr. Jean Reid, who is quite the intelligent woman. Well rounded, she not only keeps up on her research but also knows how to communicate with a patient. When I go to see her, I feel like I'm having a two-way conversation with my primary care person, which is quite refreshing.At QAFM I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for my appointment (can you imagine?), I've never had a problem with referrals, and my questions about insurance have always been answered.Although my five-star rating downsized to a four-star rating when Joelle left, I like that I'm not just a number with QAFM staff. I have a name. And they always remember it!
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2007,1/29/2007,8,18,3,15,12>As a Yankee carpetbagger, one of my enduring complaints about Seattle is the lack of real history.  My own hometown in bleak, northern, industrial Michigan was a thriving lumbering 'burg of 2000 -- birthing the Paul Bunyan legends -- while Seattle was still just a twinkle in Arthur Denny's eye.So it's easy for me to forget that, young as it is (and isolated as it is from the rest of the country), Seattle's still a venerable part of our American union.I was pleasantly reminded of this on a chilly day last fall when I happened to stumble upon the Grand Army of the Republic Cemetery Park on the north side of Capitol Hill.    An inconspicuous greenspace just to the north of Lake View Cemetery, I would've missed the GAR Cemetery if it weren't for the faded obelisk commemorating "our Heroes 1861-1865" in the center of concentric circles formed by 526 weathered graves.I guess I'd never considered that so many of the young men and their families who faced the trials of the Civil War could've actually made it this far west, settled, and had lives here.  But it's true.  A list at the Cemetery's entrance gives their names along with the unit in which they served in the Civil War -- many, many young men from Minnesota, Michigan, and New York ... so many Yankees, it's like you can see the progressive streak in Seattle from its very birth.  The honored dead include a Congressional Medal of Honor Winner, officers, bugle boys -- the whole range of Civil War veterans.GAR Cemetery is a fascinating piece of Seattle history in a beautiful, quiet little neighborhood.  If you're a history buff homesick for the East Coast, check this place out.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2007,1/28/2007,16,55,2,8,2>So we went to Cascadia tonight as a preview.  My sister saw a Food Network "restaurants to visit in Seattle" special and decided that when she comes to visit, she needs to go to Cascadia.  Since she won't be here for long, I wanted to make sure that the Alpine martini really is as good as Giada said, so my sister wouldn't have to "waste" one of her chances to go to a really great Seattle restaurant on something subpar.  Well, the alpine martini was perfect!  I had two. . .and their house salad (not as good as I expected - the baked parmesan crisp that was on the top of the salad was too heavy with the very light lemon mint vinaigrette, but I ate them separately and that was a delicious way to solve the problem).  I had the crab ravioli with dungeness crab for the main course.  It was excellent.  For dessert, I had a fabulous  caramelized apple springroll with ginger sauce.  Yum yum yum.  I've heard a lot about the mini burgers - but I don't eat beef, so I just watched trays and trays of them being carried to the bar - and there weren't that many people there, so they must be good!!With all of the uber-trendy places nearby, it was refreshing to eat in a more classic setting.  The hostess and server were both incredibly friendly, which just added to the experience.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2007,1/27/2007,44,124,5,7,3>This place was surprising good.  They had a huge menu with many different types of sausage (most places like this usually just have hot dogs with many different toppings).  They also had quite a few vegetarian options which was pleasing.  But I think one of the greatest things is that you can get a huge kielbasi and chili cheese fries and its under $6.Too bad Diggity Dog isn't closer to where I live.  Well ok, maybe its a good thing, chili cheese fries 3 days a week wouldn't be good :(
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2006,1/26/2007,132,42,4,3,4>Oh the fun I've had at this place.  It has a sister location in Kirkland, which I've been to a couple times. I'm SO happy to see a location downtown.A bunch of us went here after a wedding last weekend. We brought two full size pumpkins with us to a table and asked the waitress to bring two flights of wine (teethstainer), a salad spoon and a big bowl. She asked us why, and we said we were going to carve these pumpkins. She totally understood, went to the back and brought us everything we asked for, including a bunch of napkins to cover the table.Yes, then we proceeded to carve pumpkins while wearing our best clothes at an upper class wine bar. The staff loved us. The patrons looked at us like we were nuts.The wine is good but over priced. We didn't try the food, but my guess is that its the same.However, I would DEFINITELY go back here again because of how nice and accomodating the staff was. We ended up giving our pumpkins to the bar, which they lit and put on their staircase!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2007,1/25/2007,15,44,4,7,6>Gently used designer clothes for 1/10th the price?  All organized by color (like my closet?!) with some new clothing and accessories mixed in?  A killer shoe selection and a few choice pieces of really prime booty hung on the wall for ya?  Yeah.  Crossroads is my favorite place to shop when I really don't have any money to go shopping.  I don't think I've ever left empty handed- and I'm a really really picky vintage shopper.  I guess some people don't have the same luck I do, but I've found that if you have enough patience, time, and knowledge of what you want and what to look for in terms of quality, you can find some jaw-dropping deals.  I shop here for myself,  but I also bring my guy friends here for a wardrobe update-  I always find some killer scores for my boys here, too.  Um, the negatives?  Yeah, the service is usually unbelievably haughty (c'mon, you work at a used clothing store- you're not THAT cool) though occasionally friendly (if you find something interesting to chat them up about), and the place is not the picture of cleanliness.  But really, what do you expect?  Leave your expectations at the door (or at the front counter, with your purses and bags) and come in here for an afternoon of treasure hunting!  Oooh, and one game I like to play-  before I go in I imagine in my mind one piece of fashion loot I would like to find.  Almost every time, I find the near exact replica of my fantasy within 15 minutes of my arrival.  Try it sometime!  Maybe when you get good you can use this technique for creating parking spaces and attractive, intelligent dates, too!  meh.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2006,1/24/2007,59,142,5,5,2>I once did a review on Gene Juarez salon. In that review, I said "you get what you pay for". I realize now I was in error and a bit general. Not that G.J. doesn't have good stylists; they just lost their haircut value around -$20 ago. I keep my hair (what I have left of it) short and to spend $55 (includes $5 tip) on a 15 minute trim is well, I'd rather rip both my arms out of their sockets than spend that much on a 15 minute trim while listening to them talk instead of paying attention to my haircut. Now, I won't go to SuperCuts because I'm not that frugal and at 47, I'm not quite old enough to be scratching my knees yet. Thankfully, I ran ass over teakettle (I like that old expression) into the best of both worlds with Babalouise. They have nine skilled stylists (I had Eunice), intelligent stylists that will do the voodoo that you want them to do with your do. Plus, they are reasonably priced. Short haircuts like mine, $23. My wife and I both tried Babalouise and loved the results so I went back to them yesterday and got the same excellent results. If you go there and really like them, please, only tell the people you know and like about them. I want to be able to always get an appointment there. Thanks.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,5/23/2012,201,351,5,10,14>I totally got my skate on Saturday night and had a super time doing it! I like the concept of being able to bowl and skate in the same building AND.....they have a bar!! Never in my life did I think I'd be in a bar with roller skates on but Lynnwood Bowl & Skate made this dream come true. The bartender was quick, made good drinks and they were cheap, all while I was on skates!We came here for a friend's birthday party and I wasn't sure what to expect because I haven't skated for about 15 years but after a lap or 2, all my skills came back to me and I had a great time! There were a bunch of kids everywhere but that is to be expected because skating is really a kid sport but hey, the adults kicked ass out there! The place was kinda dumpy but it is in Lynnwood so I wasn't expecting anything fancy. We all had so much fun and I will definitely come back again!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,5/22/2012,99,124,10,14,12>Does retail therapy get you into trouble? Come to Sell Your Sole and find beautiful brand-named items without having to pay an arm and a leg (or your soul). I brought some items to the shop for evaluation on opening day and was warmly welcomed by owner, Natalia, who has a keen eye for quality, care and fair prices (she does her research!). The space is open and well-organized. Dressing rooms are spacious with awesome, large mirrors.Merchandise is carefully selected, attractive and in excellent condition.  Natalia has brought together a range of designers, from Alexander McQueen, Prada and Diane von Furstenburg, to BCBG and Vince.  She also has those clothing helpers like double-sided tape strips to keep you tucked in, or change your jean hems.If you're there on the right day you might even meet Natalia's mother, who will gladly show you around and suggest items that will suit you. I look forward to returning to Sell Your Sole and seeing the lovely and affordable items that won't break the bank or melt my credit cards.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,5/21/2012,154,223,6,18,11>Mmm, Ethiopian food.  I had never tried Ethiopian cuisine until we ventured over to a place over in Portland.  I was very impressed then, and I'm even more impressed with Altaye!There are 2 things to look for with Ethiopian food:1) Feeling warm fuzzies from the owners.2) Tasty, tasty noms.  It might be a very foreign flavor to you, but it should be tasty.Altaye has both IN SPADES!First of all, the two owners, Essa and Titi, are incredibly friendly.  I've only been in there twice, my dude has been in there three times.  Not only do they recognize us, but they knew what we wanted to order with our most recent visit.  They remembered that his favorite dish was the chicken tibs.  That kind of service is hard to beat!  Every time we've gone in here, there have been kids at some of the tables, and Titi is so sweet to them.  You can tell she's just a genuinely sweet lady who loves kids.  She really caters to them.For anyone who is new to Ethiopian cuisine, I am going to explain how to eat this wonderful food.  (Note: wash your hands before coming here or in their restroom.  You'll be using your hands to eat)Oh, the food!  First of all, bring a friend.  Try the sambusas; they're great!  Order the sampler plate.  You only need one sampler plate for 2 people.  You will get a serving of lamb tibs (usually), sides, and injera.  The serving portions are very generous, and you might even leave with leftovers.  Both of you will leave feeling as happy as a stuffed tick at a nudist camp.  If you want extra food or more than one protein option, order the chicken tibs.  They will make it as spicy as you want, and they will let you know if you might be ordering more food than you can handle.  There is no upselling here.  We make it a point to only come here when we're really hungry, and we always leave with leftovers - especially if we order the chicken tibs in addition to the sampler platter.  Where you're going, you don't need forks.  Instead, you get injera!  The injera is made fresh every day, and it comes with your order.  It's delicious.  If you've ever had injera that tasted like soapy water: they weren't doing it right (obviously).  Try this stuff instead.  Tear off a piece about the size of 2-3 of your fingers, scoop the tasty food with it and sort of make a bite-size taco with it.  Eat the whole thing.  Repeat.  Once you get through most of the food, start eating some the injera that has been the bed of the food on your plate.  It will be extra tasty since it has been soaking in the flavors of the food that has been resting on top.You will notice some white crumbled cheese on the sampler platter.  That is called the eyeb.  Now, for those of us who have sensitive stomachs or if you've had stomach issues after visiting other Ethiopian food, you want to save this stuff for last.  Basically, it's like a dry cottage cheese.  If you have stomach issues like I do, you absolutely MUST eat this stuff at the very end of your meal.  It helps appease your unsuspecting stomach from all of the foreign spices and flavors you just threw at it.  TRUST me on this one.  I don't care if you don't like cottage cheese.  If you're lactose intolerant, well I can't help you.  Just make sure the eyeb is the last thing you put in your mouth at the end of the meal.  You might want to ask for some extra just to be on the safe side.Don't let the surrounding location deter you.  We've parked on the street hidden our valuables (be smart, people), and never had any issues.  Sure, it's not in the most desirable part of town (by Seattle standards), but it's still not bad.  The food is at a great price, service is superb, and the food is simply the best.Just writing this review makes me want to go back.  We definitely will!  We have.  Repeatedly.Since the Alligator Soul is now closed, I officially move to replace the crawfish etoufee with the Altaye Special at Altaye on the Seattle Foodie 100 list.  The motion has already been seconded by Darth.  Go visit this place, and come back and say "Aye!" in your review.  You *will* say "Aye!"
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,5/20/2012,207,130,14,25,20>The food is awesome -- and the best Korean food in the Eastside, hands down.  The reason why this place is called "Stone" is because they serve their rice in a burning-hot stone bowl.  For those of you unfamiliar with this, spoon out the rice onto the regular bowl that they give you, but keep intact the browned, toasted rice that sticks to the stone bowl.  Then ask the staff to pour some boricha (barley tea) into that stone bowl, and let it boil away.  Scrape the sides of that stone bowl and you've got a toasty, nutty-tasting, comforting melange of toasted rice in barley-flavored hot tea.As far as the entrees, my favorites are the spicy squid with udon noodles and the yook-geh-jang (spicy soup with green onions and braised flank steak).  My wife gets the soondubu, which is fine, though similar to that in other places.  Also, their banchan (those little side dishes that come with every meal) are excellent!I've tried their chili-spiced chicken wings, but found them too sweet and gooey.  Based on other reviews here, though, I *must* try their regular fried chicken.  (Will update my review after doing so.)As others have said here, the service can be a bit slow, but it's not from ill will on the part of the staff, but more from the fact that they are understaffed and the space is fairly large and awkwardly laid out.  If they can get this wrinkled, they will easily get five stars from me.P.S.  Around the corner is Malt & Vine.  After your meal here, swing by and drink some awesome beer from one of their 12-15 rotating taps.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,5/19/2012,136,326,7,14,10>If you're the kind of person who keeps a list of restaurants that have yet to be tried, move this one right up to the top. What an amazing addition to Capitol Hill. The big dogs better move over, because we have a new chef in town!A couple tips:1. Sit at the bar to watch the chefs work their magic - much like Harvest Vine - this elevates the dining experience and you actually get to know the chefs. 2. Don't rush. Leave a good block of your evening to really enjoy this experience and to get to know the lovely people who are guiding you along. Now the food...Everyone in my party ordered the 3 course dinner. You can pick 3 dishes of your choosing from whatever section; you can pick 3 desserts if you want (I did think about it for a second). The Chef presented a separate truffle menu that was hard to pass up, so each of us ordered the truffle pasta dish that came topped with a serious load of shaved white truffle. I think I died in my chair. [To start] Cauliflower Soup (courtesy of the chef); amazing. Just give me the pot![Next] Parsnip Gnocchi, wild boar ragu. Hello. Welcome to the big time. A must try. [Truffle Dish] You must order something with truffle. Chef Nathan has big huge truffles (black and white) that are just waiting to be used. Ask him to smell them. He will graciously allow to take a couple wiffs. [Main] I ordered the roasted chicken which was to die for. Best chicken I've ever had; no joke - slightly genius. I also tried the scallops which were delicious. [Dessert]  We ordered all but one of the desserts on the menu and they were all so good! I have to say my favorite was the salted caramel chocolate goodness/cake. Overall, the food was amazing. But I really loved the very cool and welcoming attitudes of the chefs and staff; it's casual and the food, and accompanying experience, are what count. At one point, the hostess was behind the bar rolling out little gnocchi - darling. The chefs were creating our food from start to finish right before our eyes; you can't get a more personal experience. All of the chefs were so friendly. Chef Nathan is a very cool dude who is more than willing to answer your questions and let you taste the random bits floating around the kitchen. To add, the wine pairings were superb and the knowledge of the staff, stunning.Spinasse was my favorite restaurant in Seattle... until last night. Altura totally swept me off my feet. [insert heavenly sounding, eye-opening, music here]Check out what Eater had to say:seattle.eater.com/tags/a…
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/18/2012,141,414,12,12,13>I can't believe I have not written a review for Highline. Lord knows I've been there enough times. Let me tell you, you must not be discouraged from going to Highline because it is a vegetarian/vegan joint. I know folks can't bear to be separated from meat for even one meal but this place does it right. I adore the location. I like walking up those stairs. Call me crazy but I feel like I'm going to some special building. Highline is always dark, always playing obscure punk music, always full of an eclectic mix of people. Best of all it is never packed. There has only been one time I've been at Highline when it was practically standing room only. Typically you can go any day of the week and find a seat. I appreciate bars that always have open seating. The food is damn good. Even the vegan cheese is edible. I've had my fair share of vegan cheese and "dairy" products and they were a mess. I'm not sure what Highline does but their vegan options taste great. The menu has sandwiches and wraps and there are entrees. You can even get poutine that is done well. The sweet potato tater tots are to die for, yes, DIE and the french fries are consistently hot and crispy. I tend to order a sandwich because they have never failed me yet. The booze selection is impressive. There is a nice list of infused liquors available.Not only does Highline have fantastic eats they also have concerts, trivia nights, and Cakearaoke: a karaoke night with vegan cake and cupcakes on the menu. Brilliant! Set aside your preconceived notions about vegan/vegetarian food and visit Highline. You will be pleasantly surprised and it won't kill you to have one meal without meat.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,5/17/2012,386,1001,20,17,18>Hard to believe it's been more than half a decade since this place opened. They've used their time wisely, without a doubt. When they began, they were a wonderfully weird little enclave of beeriness along this tawdry strip of Aurora. After years of perfecting their craft, cultivating a clientele both locally and far beyond the city limits, investing their profits carefully, and stockpiling an OCD-esque retinue of fermented delights to serve not before their time, Über is now...a wonderfully weird little enclave of beeriness along this tawdry strip of Aurora. They've added to it, certainly, though the footprint inside is still the same. They added the little sidewalk courtyard a couple years ago, and added the planter boxes around the same time. After some unsolicited overnight editorializing from the local Crackhead Gardeners Club, the ambitions of those planter boxes have been scaled back rather markedly, but the pleasant al fresco seating option remains--covered and railed in. Inside, what used to feel like a kooky house party with a fire table in the middle and big bottle coolers behind the bar now feels like a stylishly kooky house party with a fire table in the middle and big bottle coolers behind the bar. The refined blue on the walls now suggests a tony library at a gentleman's club, so be a gentleman, for heaven's sake. The multi-ton zebrawood beast of a bar suggests locales even more exotic than Aurora ("Where is that wood grown?" "Africa." "Noooo...*zebras* are from Africa. Where is zebra*wood* from?" "Under the ze..." Never mind.). The walnut ceiling-support beam suggests...that spending a butt-ton of extra money on fine hardwoods is worth it sometimes.Gone are the colossal tap towers that used to protect the bartenders from: archers, trebuchets, and being able to see customers. Well, the Delirium Tremens tower is still there, over the inlaid Scrabble board, but every bar needs a pink elephant on the corner. In addition to Scrabble, you can also play Backgammon under a heavy layer of resin, if you get the right seats. But what matters most here is the beer. And this beer selection is truly a matter of great import. Hundreds of bottles line the cooler racks, with a fair emphasis on rare and small batch big American beers and a freighter full of bigger (i.e., more alcoholic) European stuff, both classics and newer releases. There are also tap handles, now bundled together in a phalanx of malty infantry on the back wall, which boasts a luminous interweave of glass subway tiles. Such design flair! ("Yeah, I have the gay gene when it comes to decorating." You just can't make this stuff up. You can only catch people when they're loaded and write it down for blackmailing them later.) What's particularly cool about the tap lineup is the new War-Games-like array of monitors above the coolers, listing all kegs in the order they were tapped, along with the next three on deck. No more scrambling for a little green book, and wondering if you should hurry up and order a given beer in case it might kick before you get to it.The staff here has been wise and powerful since day one. This shows no signs of abating. I often hate coming in here when it's busy simply because it means less chance to shoot the breeze with them. Or throw a Frisbee.What no one bar can change, though, is the local color on display outside, along Aurora Avenue North. More than once as I have sipped a tasty beverage here, young ladies have walked back and forth and back and forth past the windows of the establishment. I figured they must have been running errands, or moving, or something, but they were never carrying anything, so it's hard to be certain. That motorized pageant of humanity, the Metro #358, stops right outside the sidewalk patio here. When a 60-foot limo rolls up, it can easily block every window in the place, making you feel like you're in a dark little cave (well, you are, not even figuratively speaking). When that 358 shadow settles over the room, what you are is an easily-distracted baby seal that just noticed the great white swimming over you and blocking out all your light. Those squealy bus brakes are the hoots of an owl in the dreams of a mouse. Über is one of the oases in a stretch of road that Seattle forgot. (Not on accident did Seattle forget this scrofulous motorway, either.) There's a bit of character lately to some businesses around here, and there's even a high-end spot across the street (PCC). You can bring in your own food from anywhere, though PCC and Beth's are natural choices, and Aloha Ramen is a personal favorite. There's a book behind the bar somewhere, full of take-out menus. Just ask for it. Every industry needs places that push to offer the best of everything. Über has very few equals, and no superiors, especially when you count the square footage. You can get lost here. Probably you should. The 358 can always take you...elsewhe
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,5/16/2012,261,212,8,14,13>I've worked in Fremont for years and can't believe I've missed out on trying this place until recently.  I'm glad I was able to experience delicious and beautifully presented French cooking at a very reasonable price.  35th Bistro seems to fit well in the neighborhood of Fremont, along with all those little, quaint shops and non-franchise type of restaurants.  It's nestled in between a couple of those fine establishments, not too far from the big, bad Troll.The atmosphere is very nice.  It was a casual place but I felt a little sophisticated with the impeccable service, the dinnerware, and the well-mannered clientele.  If that won't impress you, the food certainly will.  I was lucky enough to try the delicious 3-course meal for lunch for only $15!!!!  It was definitely a steal.  For starters I ordered the pork rillette, (reminded me of liver terrine).  It was served on a wooden cutting board with cornichons, pickled onion, and a grainy mustard.  It was an awesome beginning to my meal.  Next was my main course of Manila steamed mussels served in a white wine sauce.  Wow, these were undoubtedly the best mussels I've ever tried.  They were unbelievably smooth and basically melted in my mouth.  I hardly had to chew.  I downed those bivalves like there was no tomorrow.  Lastly, I finished off my meal with a warm berry crisp dessert.  It was so delicious and I was thoroughly satisfied.On top of it all, the service was wonderful.  My party was properly served throughout the duration of our meal.  We were never without drinks or had to ever wave down our waitress.  Superb job to the service.Yes, this place is awesome.  Yes, the food and service are awesome.  Yes, I do recommend going there.  And yes, I will be back to try out the dinner.  I now have much more respect for French food, especially if it's from 35th Street Bistro.  Later.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,5/15/2012,557,196,6,11,8>Hands down the go to spot for vietnamese food in Seattle...  this is what i grew up on from Moms house, and is my comfort food.  Greenleaf does a great job delivering.. the food is traditional yet slightly modernize with game changing ingredients.. Rainy, gloomy, snowy, or sunny there is a dish for each mood.  The cuisine is fresh while balancing out greens starch and protein. The flavors harmonize with some spice, acidic, and not to overwhelming.  I get stuff to go a lot. for the go to spot, the go to dish is Bun Bo Hue (Spicy beef noodle) (see pic).  Pure bliss, its like an american eating a cheeseburger.  So its thick rice noodles (to soaks up the broth) in a spicy beef broth (from bone morrow, or oxtail) served with slices of brisket, shrimp cake, cha' (pork meat loaf), pork hock, and pork chocolate (aesthetically).  Add some mint, bean sprouts, cilantro, and onions you got yourself the perfect noodle soup.  Right now, I think green leaf is the top supplier.  I eat this at least 3x a month. Other notables are - banh cuon dac biet (rice noodles stuffed with ground pork served with grilled pork and shrimp, and balanced with cucumbers & sprouts) (see pic) and served with fish sauce.- spring rolls (the fresh ones with shrimp, pork, and the crispy stick)- banh xeo (vietnamese crepe with pork (i believe sliced belly) and shrimp).  Served with lettuce and meant to be eaten like a lettuce wrap, dipped with fish sauce.- Payaya or Mango salad with chicken, fresh and a feel good feeling. Only thing is I wished they served broked rice which soaks up the fish sauce to provide a better bite with your protein of choice.  This place gets pretty busy though there's a decent amount of seating.  I say the ambiance is a little better than your standard vietnamese spot, but thats not too hard to beat.  Service is super friendly and they will be happy to interpret things.  Also get the saigon or 333 beer, it's the coors light of vietnam and brings me back to that nostalgia of running the HCMC streets.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,5/14/2012,133,363,6,15,6>Despite the millions of nail places to choose from, I drive back to this Infinity Nails from where ever I live! LOVE IT!! Pedicure: 1. Choose a color 2. You start off in a big massage chair with your feet in jacuzzi water (they scrub this down after each patron, which makes me feel better). 3. They scrub you down with an orange scented sugar scrub. It's an exfoliating massage and it is GOOD!! It doesnt tickle. 4. They trim your toenails (if you want) and push back your cuticles with cuticle softener. They also zest off any egregious callouses if you have them (and I do..).5. Here's where the REAL massage comes in. I love it, they do your feet and calves and the massage alone is worth every penny. Smells like lavender... mmmmm.... *If you talk to them and say it's relaxing, they usually go a little longer than normal* 6. Then they rinse your legs and feet, apply a primer, polish, outer coat to your nails. They have a drying station, but they'll let you sit there to dry (in the massage chair) if they're not busy. Flip flops are free if you bring close toed shoes. Unlike a couple other Yelpers, my pedicure always lasts for at least a couple weeks and looks good. I get compliments on it sometimes! Manicures are good too, I just dont get them as often. They start chipping within 24 hours, but I'm rough on my hands.As if that's not good enough, they're the nicest ladies in the world: 1. They dont make me feel like an ogre for having gnarly feet 2. They talk to me and ask about my day instead of talking to each other the whole time (they do that too, but I never feel like they're discussing me like I have in other places). 3. They remember people and their names and what their kids are doing.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,10/2/2010,87,262,7,9,10>Finally, a day off in the middle of the week to pal around with friends and enjoy the savory goodness Seattle has to offer (without weekend hassles and catching midday hours).Enter Salumi. Well, I entered Salumi and Salumi entered me.I kid you not to tell you that there was a trail of drool from our three mouths as we saw the sign, smelled the food and waited in line while ogling at the menu and then watching sandwiches come to life for diners ahead of us in line. My two friends (serious foodies with this Batali-must on their 48 hours in Seattle list) and I selected two options to share and take with us: mole with mozzarella (mole marinated salami *holy mole* ah ah ah)three tiered salami selection with two tapenades soaked into each slice of fresh baked bread$9 eachenough to feed three people with leftovers - each one had to weigh a pound Drool turned to tears as we savored our lunch in Pioneer Square. Expectations were extraordinarily high - and they were exceeded. Matter of fact, I was threatened that if I didn't weigh 300 pounds and smell of sausage when they return next, then I was not a true foodie or supporter of local culinary genius.I cannot promise that - but I can promise this: You will not be disappointed. It is worth the wait. You cannot make this yourself.Recommendation: bring sparkling water (so good with sausage), a bottle of wine or fine beer and sit somewhere to enjoy your meal.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,10/1/2010,297,210,18,19,20>I didn't know they had black licorice ice cream!!! What an amazing surprise to learn my favorite flavor is right there! It's so so close! I bought a double scoop for me and a double scoop of huckleberry for my little sidekick and wouldn't you know it, I barely made it to the sidewalk and a woman practically broke her ankles running up to ask me where she could buy a big, black cone of her very own!
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2010,9/30/2010,153,353,16,17,20>Overcoming preconceived notions and trying to be objective based on the past, vegan versions of things I enjoy shouldn't automatically be lacking compared to their herbivore-prohibited counterparts if Araya is any indication. Even when I am able to do that, vegan combined with gluten-free conjures an image of consumption of joyless comestibles out of obligation and fear of being minced by a liberal horde. However, social circumstances called to try Flying Apron for brunch, and with opinions ranging from excitement to telling me I should eat at Homegrown beforehand, I made the trek to the small storefront and its roughly eight tables on a somewhat dreary "summer" day.After, thankfully, not being attacked by the soaring clothing that the namesake suggests, I found a point of contention which is only tangentially related to my prior main concern. Why Seattle has an obsession with trying to pass off other dishes which are (sometimes) good in their own right as "pizza" that barely resemble it and that the southern Italian side of my family wouldn't proactively or even retroactively identify as such I don't know, but their meal-sized vegetable tart (~$7), unfortunately a canonical representative of that trend, is actually quite enjoyable as such, with a deep dish gluten-free crust that went well with the towering mountain of mixed vegetables. Gluttony demanded I try one of the baked goods, and I was satisfied with the pumpkin gingerbread square ($3) that was appropriately sweet and spiced and only committed one transgression of being overly sticky to cleanly cut, divide, or eat with one's hands.Next time I'd come back with an odd number of dining companions so I could share a meal and a sweet finisher resulting in better price and portion size ratios, but... actually, wait. That I'd come back at all, despite the lack of ingredients I regularly consume, is higher praise than most other compliments that I'd be able to forthrightly honestly give.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,9/29/2010,221,439,18,19,17>You come into Macrina on a Saturday morning and you see your endless options for brunch.  After much thought, you finally narrow it down to two things: Macrina Brunch Special (bread pudding containing eggs, pancetta, and brussel sprouts) or Brioche French Toast (French toast on brioche bread with apple butter in the middle and topped off with homemade eggnog whipped cream and pecans).  What do you do in a classic battle of savory vs. sweet?  At the suggestion of your waiter, he will assist you in your decision.  He writes "FT" on one side of a sugar packet and then we watch it flutter down.  In a best two out of three drops, the French Toast wins.  And boy was I happy that the French Toast won!  The apple butter filling and the eggnog whipped cream are so good on that thick brioche bread; it rendered the syrup to be completely useless.With delicious food and a hoot of a wait staff, this place is definitely a must for those who love brunch.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,9/28/2010,64,201,7,9,9>Granted that this place will make you 1) roll your eyes in preparation of standing time as you approach and see the line creeping out the door and around the block, 2) take a deep breath and suck everything in so that when you finally reach the point of the line where you can actually step foot inside this matchbox size of space you won't have to brush up against every single person inside, 3) throw your hands up and look to the heavens while screaming why yet another establishment only accepts cash when it's now 2010 and plastic is the preferred choice among patrons, and 4) wait half a lifetime after you order that you almost forget why you decided to venture here in the first place...But after receiving your food, you sit down with one can only assume is a burger (because why else would you go through all of this bother for something other than a burger), and after you take a first bite into whatever kind of burger your heart desires, you realize: YES, it was all worth it.I think this place lived up to its hype, and then some.  I ordered the blue cheese w/bacon burger and though I cringe at how many calories I will have to burn tomorrow, I will go to sleep with a smile on my face at how happy I was to consume something that was simply delicious.  My burger patty was juicy and seasoned just right and all of the fixins that this monster had was just incredible.  The bun itself was more than I can handle, but the blue cheese and usual (onion, lettuce, & tomatoes), as well as their tasty signature sauce, made my tastebuds dance.Crispity crunchity onion rings were a perfect accompaniment with my burger.  I had some of their fries and was amazed that they fared as boring compared to their burgers and rings.  Thus, I took away 1 star.All in all, an amazing place worthy of 4 stars.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,9/26/2010,168,209,9,9,10>Drinking here feels like drinking in your buddy's loft. You know the one that's so cool that all the women like him, all the guys like him, and he seems to know a bit about everything? And despite how much you want to dislike him you can't? Yeah that's Hazlewood. And to make it even worse they have a nice staff, a DJ that plays old school quality vinyls upstairs (scratchy sound included), and a little peephole to get a view of whatever it is they have in their at the moment. Add some cool cocktails including some that have squid ink in them and you have a damn good place to hang out and drink at in Ballard.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,9/23/2010,13,33,35,18,18>Now, it might be because I am a 78 year old white male business tycoon trapped in the body of a prepubescent Asian girl who is in turn trapped in the frail body of a 28 year old neurotic Filipino-American man, but my happy hour at the Bookstore Bar felt perfect.  I can remember it like it was yesterday (it was yesterday!) the sun was out, it was incredibly warm (i was wearing my see-through shirt to show off my new manzier), and so I contacted my usual grad student friends to meet up for happy hour somewhere.  Since I've never been but heard cool/quirky/aesthetically pleasing things about the Library (the sister restaurant/bar) I suggested meeting there for the happy hour.  When I arrived, the Library was closed but the sign indicated that the Bookstore bar was open.  I followed the directions on the sign and found myself transported.The Bookstore itself is pretty small and intimate.  The layout is narrow with the the bar positioned perpendicular to the street outside.  Huge windows in the front which helped drench most of the front of the bar in sunlight.  Still, because of the older aesthetic of the bar (the visual experience is analogue to when you hear the familiar sound of the record player's needle drop on an old vinyl recording of Etta James) jagged silhouettes were traced by the light creeping into the furthest of corners, shedding light on the bookshelves, illuminating each spine.  I was surprised to find the place practically empty except for two older women who seemed like tourists or hotel guests.  I took a seat in the back, since I wanted a table.  The back area is, to me, quintessential downtown.  It had a giant mirror in the back wall, with a single booth underneath.  But sitting in the back also allowed you to have a cinematic view of the whole bar and the front window leading out to the front.  Looking out, I realized the Bookstore was a rare place that actually felt classically metropolitan.  Hey I'm all down for women's "lib" and generation "xyz" or whatever you kids call it, but this place taps into the throwback aesthetics that your popular children's tv shows like "Mad Men" revel in.But I know what you're saying:"Enough about the aesthetics and the way your butt fits perfectly into the seat cushion.  Tell us what we want to know.  Tell us about: the happy hour specials" - you Patience young one.  As a 78 year old business tycoon I tend to drift into nostalgia.  After all it is rare to find a place that reminds me of all the places I worked out all my back-end deals and secret alliances in order to be rich during the Reagan years.  You must forgive me.  The HH deal is amazing!  It is $4 for house wine, cocktails, and ALL draft beers.  And this is good beers on tap!  But the kicker (am I using this sport/gambling metaphor right?) is the food menu.  All dishes are $4 and the portions are extremely generous.  This isn't just a plain appetizer plate that has been shrunk down for 'cost' (take that Rick Moranis and your electro magnetic shrink ray!).  Rather, these plates are meals in themselves.  My friends and I tried five plates: the Hamburger (served with fries), Mussels with Chorizo, Crab-cakes (very beautifully presented with green and red spicy sauces), macaroni with cheese (very delicious), and the pulled pork sliders (served with a great salad).  Now, considering how long I've lived, I definitely have accrued many vices.  One of which is the amount of meat I enjoy eating, in particular pork.  I have to say, the pork sliders were perhaps the best I've had in this city.  But the salad was just perfect.  I need greens to help with my old-man-disease that my doctor calls "cholesterol" or something; but I usually hate eating things unless its been considered 'butchered'.  But I must say, the salad and the vinaigrette served with it was light and perfect for a warm spring afternoon.  All-in-all, the Bookstore was an experience rare in this city (and in most cities I've ever visited/lived in).  An experience enabled and informed of course by the fact that the servers were extremely helpful, efficient, warm and nice.  I will definitely make sure to regularly visit this place during happy hour as I while away my days working on my living-will.  Let's just hope all those people I emotionally pushed away during my rise to power won't leave me to bowl in my basement constantly yelling: "I drink your milkshake!"
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,9/22/2010,220,284,17,16,15>Nothing I say will do Paseo justice. Every word I type will pale in comparison to what my lunch was like this past Saturday, it is permanently seared in my taste bud memory as one of the most decadently delicious sammiches of my short life. It was my first time and I got the classic Cuban (craving the prawns next time). What you get:- Succulent pork with explosions of secret seasoning- Toasty toasty crunchy long baguettes- Sauce practically dripping down my arm- Jalapenos, lettuce and GIANT PIECES OF ONION HEAVEN- Half a corn on the cob proudly sporting some garlic coat of wonder. My friend and I didn't speak the whole time, we were too busy concentrating on our Cubans, dying a sweet death with each bite. Despite its friendly website, I never know when they're open but I do know sandwiches stop serving at 5 pm. Strangely, the same time my life stops if I happen to get there too late. Cash Only, Long Lines (except when it's pouring rain, only the truly brave want to wait outside in a downpour) and minimal seating. It doesn't have a sign outside & serves sandwiches on plastic Asian plates because it's coo' like that.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,9/21/2010,140,456,22,21,16>Toulouse Petit has got a total sausage fest going on... in their menu!  They've got a whole section devoted to charcuterie (that's French for cured meat, dontchaknow)!Being fans of a hot, spicy tube of meat, my friend and I had to order the boudin blanc; a delicious, mildly spiced pork sausage.  It's made with rice so is rather crumbly, but it is served with slices of toasted bread to scoop it up.  We both loved the duck & pork rillette--lovingly referred to among my friends as "pork jam."  It comes with a layer of fat on top that we usually scrape off, but if you're feeling adventurous with your arteries I'm sure it'd be tasty mixed in.  Both dishes were accompanied with cornichons, shallots and dijon.Toulouse Petit has lots more than charcuterie though.  Their menu contains several pages of seafood, poultry and steaks.  If you're a vegetarian they have a few things for you, but I'm afraid your selection will be a bit limited.  This is Cajun cuisine after all.To round out our meal my friend and I split a scrumptious salad of yellow beets, crisp green beans, kalamata olives, stilton blue cheese, walnuts and vinaigrette.  It was a wonderful mix of sharp, tangy and mellow flavors.  The other dish we shared was the crawfish étouffée.  It was tasty and a little spicy, but felt a little plain to me.To drink my friend had a tasty cab-merlot and I sampled a few of their cocktails.  The vieux carré was my favorite--rye whiskey, cognac, vermouth, bénédictine and bitters.  It tasted like a manhattan, but with a French twist.  I also enjoyed me a sazerac, which was an excellent rendition of the classic New Orleans cocktail (not too sweet or too much anise).The atmosphere at Toulouse Petit is super-sexy.  Rustic plaster walls covered with candles, glass mosaic tiles, wooden tables with inlaid patterns, cozy booths... I can tell this is going to be an excellent date spot.  My friend and I got to meet the owner and he seemed really friendly with the patrons and engaged with the staff.I haven't seen the happy hour menu yet, but I understand they have a late one (10pm?)--which makes this an excellent place to stop after seeing a show in the LQA.  I can't wait to come back!
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,9/20/2010,27,115,12,9,9>Do you ever have one of those days where everything just works out perfectly? I anticipated a lovely morning with a friend; taking a walk on the Burke Gilman trail and eating crepes for brunch. Sounds pretty swell, right? Oh, but it gets soooo much better!We were on the trail, walking along the canal in Fremont when we spotted it. The truck was sitting there, glistening in the sun. It was around 10:00, and we could detect some movement from inside of the truck. We felt as though we had just spotted a celebrity! Our crepe plans were quickly ditched and we ran home for some moolah. And yes, we talked about how excited we were about the Marination Mobile the entire time we walked. This is why I like my friend so much! Giddy over food, always.Soooo.... we ordered everything! Yup, that's right- no shame.*Kimchi Fried Rice Bowl- OMGGGG!!!!!! This was the BOMB! Our favorite for sure. So flavorful and the fried egg on top was the perfect addition!*Spam Musubi- You can't really get this one wrong, can you? My friend had never tried SPAM! Wha??? She loved it and she's probably buying a can of Spam as I type this.*Kimchi Quesadilla- So tasty with kalua pork. Mmmm....*Sliders- I wasn't super excited about these, but the slaw, Hawaiian roll and pork were heavenly together. I am a believer.*Spicy Pork and Kalbi Beef Tacos. Both excellent. I don't know which one I liked better.I might as well just go to bed right now, as my day can't possibly get any better. Happy tummy!
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,2/16/2011,86,498,8,10,9>At the recommendation of a fellow Yelper I brough my three girls here for lunch.  It worked perfectly with my need to stop by Uwajimaya.We ordered pretty plain (kids being there and all) and got the potstickers, shanghai chowmein, and beef with cauliflower and broccoli.  Every thing we had was delicious.  I didn't care for the tea of the day (corn based) but everything else was so good we literally stuffed ourselves.The service was amazing.  They were on top of everything we needed before we knew we needed it.Glad to add this to my go-to list in the International District. :)PS - Super thumbs up to them for having Corrinne Bailey Ray playing instead of some cheesy elevator music.  That made me smile. :)
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,2/15/2011,129,291,12,9,11>This place made me believe in Seattle again. Seriously. Central Cinema, I want to kiss you on the mouth! Forget the fact that the food isn't all that great. It truly doesn't matter because you will have the most amazing time. I realize that not all nights can be as fun as New Year's Eve, but last night I went to their New Year's Eve Footloose quote-along dance your ass off party and it was the most fun I've had in a long time. From the moment we walked in everything was fantastic. The staff was great, helpful and most importantly, FUN. The host/program director, whoever he is, was a breath of fresh air. He knew what the audience wanted and he delivered! I totally felt at home and like I was with my people! The friendliest, most fun people were there and just like in the movies, when the good songs came on, people started getting up in the aisles and dancing one by one and screaming, singing and dancing was all totally encouraged. The movie was followed by an hour of the BEST 80s music videos to dance to, a champagne toast and party poppers! I should also mention that tickets were a mere $10 and I would have paid much, much more for the amount of fun I had. I plan on making the Central Cinema my home away from home where I can get my freak on regularly. Seriously, if you have a chance to go to one of these quote-along/sing-alongs, DO IT! I only wonder why I didn't go sooner. SWOON. Central Cinema, will you marry me?
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,2/14/2011,113,273,13,16,16>The area immediately surrounding the Pacific Science Center is somewhat bleak for the pre-IMAX food + drink market. Subway? Gross. Zeek's? Meh. Sport? A thousand times NO. But the Five Point? Let me change my pants real quick and smoke a cig.Highlights:-Cheap bottled PBR. Yeah, yeah, judge me, but I'm a value-oriented consumer and it's not the worst thing ever.-Breakfast aaaaaallllllll day. A catcher's mitt of delicious chicken fried steak with hash browns, toast, and eggs? SIGN ME UP.-Fried Beecher's curds. These are an almost-standard on a lot of menus, but these salty nuggets are better than anyone else's. Greasy, with the perfect ratio of batter to curd, and clearly still identifiable as Beecher's instead of some low-grade rubbery balls.-Sassy, charming staff. Very friendly and prone to calling you "honey" without making you feel patronized. One in particular stands out - when we were getting the checks back, she took a look at our cards (Chase Freedom and regular Chase whatever) and hollered out, "WHO'S GOT THE FREEDOM!" As we giggled she copped to thinking about what freedom joke to use while walking over to our table. Delightful!I've never showed up late night/early morning, and I can imagine things might be busier and the servers tired and stressed, but I plan on coming down at some point and stuffing my face with everything ever.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,2/13/2011,386,409,14,18,16>Huge five star in my book and this was my first time here.  Our original plan was to go to Japonesa but couldn't get reservations so we book reservations at Umi Sake House for a party of 16 for my sister bday dinner around 5pm on Sat. The host was kind of enough to extend the reservations another half n hour because it was raining cats & dogs so guest were running late...pretty cool in my book.Nothing to look at from the outside but inside...nicely inspired Japanese decor, hidden bathroom ( had to pee pretty bad...couldnt find it so the waiter told me to push the sign on the wall) in the hallway, roomy and a nice back room for our dinner party.Our cute waitress was amazing...she let us know that it was last call for happy hour so we can take advantage of it. The menu had incredible variety on the menu plus a nice selection of sake. The prices were great for happy hour and the normal menu stuff was decent considering the amount of food & quality in return. The presentation was excellent...made me take pics of it.We order alot of food ( pics), great sake made me red as usual..haha, and the lychee martini was pretty tasty.  Best calamaries I had in a long time (one of the hh items).  Green tea tiramisu was flawless.So yeah, I will be coming back again and again and again. :)FYI...party 10 or more, they require you to buy at least $30. Happy Hour on Saturdays!!!!TIP: If you go in a large group, the waitress can split your bill with as many different debit/credit cards as you like...so no need to bring cash.Do bring floss to happy hour because you will tear it up.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,2/12/2011,117,196,6,11,8>Of course my favorite pho place in Bellingham would turn out to be my favorite in Seattle too, with complimentary lychee water (think clean crisp water with a refreshing fruit taste AND you get to eat the fruit!) and hot tea to boot! Seriously - way better than the cream puff, hands down.While I usually go with the small #12, a few times I have ventured outside of pho to try the combination chow mein - with stellar results for a very reasonable price of $9ish. I like that all of the condiments are present on the tables without being asked (including fish sauce) and they have newspapers available. The pho here is more what I'm used to, and compared to Than Bros is less sweet. (I always find myself salting up my pho with the fish sauce at Than Bros) This means I can experiment with the sweet red chili and hoisin add-ons without making my dish inedible.Also, I love the fresh rolls here. Big, flavorful, fresh, and comes with an impossibly large side of peanut sauce. Parking is terrible. Should you be lucky enough to find a spot, double check your mirrors for cars that like to magically reappear in your blind spots or confused pedestrians trying to navigate Aurora Ave N. There's also more parking down the hill to the left of the restaurant, on the right.Lastly, I wouldn't bring a group of more than 4. It's a medium sized space, but can feel crowded with too many large parties present. Luckily the service is fast without being rushed, and tables turn over fairly quickly. The atmosphere is calmer and more family-oriented than Than Bros - it feels cozy and warm. A respite.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,2/11/2011,472,197,9,17,7>OMG! How have I never reviewed this place when I eat there at LEAST 2x a week?!!! Dude, I need to be spanked. Soundly. Wait! I was busy enjoying this place, yeah, yeah, that's why! They had me under their spell.Anyhow....I love the gluten free options here at this totally vegetarian breakfast and lunch place. The staff are friendly and smiley, happy to take your special order or whip up something to-go for you with all the fixings. Try the gluten-free waffles, pancakes or toast and find a new love for food that tastes good and is gluten free whether you need to be or not. Enjoy a pot of Blueberry Rioboos or a refillable cup of Yogi tea, plenty for two or a long visit.My favorite thing yet was the special last month one weekend for the waffle - macha creme and pomegranate waffles, so good! Can't wait to have it again. Anyday of the week, order a waffle with the fruit compote, often blueberry or peach, and slather on the butter and maple syrup! Yummy!Stop by on a weekday before 11 am and get several breakfast choices for $6! My favorite is the Eggs Your Way - 2 eggs, toast and country potatoes. Good stuff, plenty to fill ya. Can't complain at that price! You can order meaty stuff here - but its the fake stuff, all soy. Yuck to me! Others love it, bacon sausage....mmmm, soooooy delicious. haha.The omelettes are delicious, I like the scrambles best though, veggie is good, southwest, yum! On weekends, they've always got a special, and it ALWAYS has goat cheese. Branch out people! Try another cheese! Just sayin.They close at 3, breakfast is served the whole time. Give it a whirl, get a punch card, go often, and then eat free!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,2/10/2011,91,486,7,11,5>This museum has been on the To Do List for about a year, so we finally checked it out yesterday. We can't even really check it off the list, actually, since we spent almost 3 hours there but didn't even get to see everything!Specifically we wanted to see the photography exhibit of the first Seattle World's Fair. Once we finally located it (the pamphlet map wasn't super well-labeled), it was fascinating. You won't find any knick-knacks or display cases full of replicas, it really is strictly photos and some newspaper articles. But the captions are useful and it was fun to catch a glimpse of Seattle society and fashion. Note to self: Go buy a big fancy hat a la 1909. What really sets this museum apart from others in the area is that it seems way more affordable (only $8 per adult) and that it's not crowded. You don't feel rushed to hurry past things because there's a queue forming behind you, and there's plenty of little hands-on demonstrations to keep you kinesthetically occupied. I came away with several new tidbits of knowledge about Seattle and the Pacific Northwest. I won't divulge all of that knowledge here, since I don't want to spoil any surprises. (See what I did there? Now you want to go, don't you?)
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,2/9/2011,168,209,7,11,13>What is Real Change? It is a paper about the homeless to be sold by the homeless to give them a chance to live a slightly better life and maybe even serve as a stepping stone out of poverty.Yes, the paper isn't the NYTimes or even the Seattle Times. But it does a good job of discussing some of the stories and issues impacting Seattle's homeless population. And when I decide to give a homeless person money I would rather read about the problems they are facing than about how some reality TV star is now a drug addict.Hooray for homeless people trying to help themselves and educate people at the same time. Maybe all of the people who sell this paper are not perfectly moral or honest, but I know plenty of businesses run by people who lack any sign of scruples.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,2/8/2011,386,1001,6,19,13>Great little breakfast and lunch spot in the little-known culinary destination that is Kirkland's Rose Hill. Great location for visibility--right by one of the busier 4-lane thoroughfares in the 425. Not just busy, but often crawling with overmuch traffic. Not only will people sit and sit and sit in front of your sign here, but they might give up on getting anywhere and come in and eat. Too bad the name makes it sound like a worn-out old greasy spoon. The guy came out and explained what a huge family he has, and how his nieces and nephews often come in and work weekends here. That's so neat, but it's not a name that'll draw much business on its own merits.Fortunately for him, he's got the menu to back him up. This place truly is exactly what this area needs--awesome food at good prices in a casual atmosphere. He even has some signature dishes. The 425 has enough high concept places vying to be the most culinarily distinctive. It's good to see a welcoming, homey place with a neighborhood vibe pop up. Doubtless there are others but the area still needs more, and Couzin's does the job.It's a classic diner. The waitresses call you Hon. They're quick on their feet and quick to smile. The menu is one page. One shiny laminated page bigger than a placemat. One side's breakfast, one side's lunch, and the meals come with start and stop times. Coffee pots with black or orange necks circulate frequently. You love where you are in the day when you step into a place like this. Family pictures are everywhere--current owners', previous owners'. Previous owners' families are still on the wall! Great touch. Kirkland is finally getting a neighborhood feel to go with all its subdivisions.Three of us hit this place for lunch today. One prime rib dip, one eggs bennie, one blueberry crepe. Sandwich came out with decent fries, nice toasty chewy bread, great cuts of meat, and some cheddar cheese (her choice). Jus was delicious. Her man had the eggs, which came out with golden brown hashies that almost crunched. Perfectly done. I had the crepes--I said "crepps" on two separate occasions, and the waitress, unfazed, responded "crapes" each time. Just flattening the e made me feel pretty hoity toity and to the best of my ability I tried to make sure not to sound pompous for the rest of our visit. The crepes were delicious, light and spongier and springier than they were airy. Beautifully browned, dosed with blueberry compote that had solid flavor, and dusted with confectioner's sugar. Very tasty. Nice sugar high.Three big plates of food and drink got us out the door with tax and tip in no time flat for under $50. Dirt cheap? No. But I tend to tip generously (20% in this case) and, well, you're still in Kirkland. I'll be back again and again.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/7/2011,103,123,17,11,13>Sorry *nom*nom*nom* can't *nom* write this review right now *nom*nom*nom*nom* too busy eating *nom*nom*nom* lemon bar ice cream *nom*nom*nom*....OUCH...BRAIN FREEZE.What is thy bidding, my cold creamy master?Eat more ice cream...As you wish.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,2/2/2006,3,6,3,,1>Definitely a great place to live. Placed directly on top is Fareed's place of rest. Also a great deal of food and other goods are stored here for later retrieval. The use of the microwave or fridge is highly recommended. Guests are often welcomed and the interior is constantly remodeled.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2006,1/27/2006,44,78,1,2,1>I love La Femme.  The clothing is absolutely gorgeous, and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  The women who work there are more than ready to help me find an outfit for an event, or just help me find a great fitting pair of jeans.  They do have Tree, which is BEAUTIFUL, and no one else in Washington carries it.  It is my favorite line of clothing-there is so much detail in it and every piece is SO beautiful and unique.  They also carry great lines like Nougat, Earnest Sewn, Harkham, and Mason (another one of my favorites.)  I would say if a girl needs a fun and rewarding shopping trip, go to La Femme!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2006,1/24/2006,87,327,7,5,2>Fish took care of my nipples, real quick and easy-like. Painful? Of course, but that's kind of the idea... *wink*
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2006,1/23/2006,26,49,3,3,3>If you are in Seattle you must go here for breakfast. And you must get the Rainbow Rumble. And the coffee cake. And the homefries. I don't know why more people have not rated this yet! What is up Seattle?!?
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2005,1/17/2006,20,81,1,2,1>Beautiful dining spot and bar, followed by even better food and service. Adventurous menu (think everything from fried quail to escolar, beef tartar to sweet pea soup, housemade sorbet to orange-cardamom creme brulee), excellent wine list, creative cocktails, and a great tasting menu (even better when matched with wines!)A perfect destination for any occasion: small bite + drink after work, visiting parents, date night, or a group of friends. I suggest eating here now before the Tower and new SAM entrance opens. I can only imagine how packed this place will be once the word gets out.Asterisk: check out Ethan Stowells' wall of fame in the back of the restaurant--Union recently won the Seattle Magazine "Top 10" award, along with "Chef to watch", "best ambiance" and several others.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2006,1/14/2006,99,63,4,5,4>The nice thing about this place is that you can find stuff that you didn't even know was sold anywhere. Things that you might not have known existed. For example, the last time I went there I bought a flying hot dog. A flying hot dog!And it cost less than a dollar, too. Hilarious stuff, great prices, got to love Archie McPhee's.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2005,1/10/2006,44,174,1,1,4>Sir-Mix-A-Lot even throws a shout out for this location, it's written into one of his songs.  My Posse's on Broadway: "Now the posse's gettin' hungry, and Mix-a-Lot's treatin'--we stopped at Taco Bell, for some Mexican eatin'--but Taco Bell was closed, and the girls was on my tip--they said, "Go back the other way, we'll stop and eat at Dick's"--Dick's is the place where the crew hang out--....." This place is great.  Such a huge variety of people come here and it's open until 2am!  Great for eating after the bar hopping but come a bit early.  They'll shut the windows promptly at 2am, no hesitation.  Stop by for some greasy treats!
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2005,1/4/2006,27,256,,,>Initially, due to it's location at the end of Pike Place Market, I feared it would have the taint of a Fisherman's Wharf eatery but I was pleasantly suprised.  Wonderful seasonal menu that focuses on seafood and "Northwest" cuisine.  Everyone at the table was extremely pleased with their choices.  The wine list was reasonably priced, full of choices from WA and OR.  And there was this choclate torte thing for dessert... rich, decadent, luscious...  yet somehow didn't instill guilt.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,10/17/2005,12/30/2005,48,239,4,3,1>I do love wings...I mean I love 'em. I do love sports on TV's...I mean I love 'emI do love hooters....I mean ....you get it.  Despite basing their concept around chicken wings, sports on TV's, and hooters, this place just doesn't do it for me.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2005,12/28/2005,0,0,,2,2>Definitely one of the best toy stores out there. This is the place to go for mini vanity plates with your name on it. I found one for my then-boyfriend whose name is spelled a little differently that you usually see it. Awesome. The guy who runs the places explained to me that he could order a plate with any name you wanted. It's sooo cute! I wondered around here for a couple hours. I can't even imagine how much kids like this place.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,11/19/2013,595,1498,9,14,12>1200!For my 1200th, I decided to go for the TD at TanakaSan. This is the newest restaurant in the Tom Douglas empire. It is located on the ground floor of the Via6 apartment complex, a block down the street from Palace Kitchen and a couple blocks away from Westlake Ave. The restaurant is named after Tom Douglas's right hand man, Eric Tanaka and serves modern Asian cuisine. The most evident of which are Japanese and Hawaiian.I noticed that the restaurant's website mentions that they offer a happy hour on weekdays from 4-6 pm, but there was no happy hour menu posted online. Seeing that no reviews thus far discuss the offering in detail, I decided to investigate.My happy hour experiences at other Tom Douglas establishments have been good, not great. But I have always been satisfied with the offerings and the prices. TanakaSan is no different in this regard. All items on the happy hour menu are $5. There are 10 drinks and 10 appetizers on this menu so there is plenty to choose from. Six of the drinks are sake slushies in different flavors. It is just what it sounds like, frozen sake. As for the food, many of the items are pulled off the main menu like the loco moco and twice fried chicken wings. While the portions are smaller, it is a better value and you can try more items this way.What I particularly like about the happy hour here is that it is not limited just to the bar area like some restaurants do. You can enjoy happy hour on their outside patio!For happy hour, I ordered four items including the yuzu sake slushie, loco moco, Osaka pancake and smoked duck sausage.The yuzu sake slushie is an addicting drink. It is refreshing and citrusy. I could have downed two or three of these if I didn't want to practice sound judgment.The loco moco portion was served in a bowl and was generous. It did not have the usual gravy (at least not discernible), but was full of egg sauce that goes excellently with the rice. It definitely meets my local Hawaiian cuisine standards.The Osaka pancake aka okonomiyaki was also good. The shrimp tasted fresh and the bacon helped it to stand out from other versions that I have tried around town.As for the duck sausage, I thought it was just okay. The happy hour portion consists of two poppy seed steamed buns with duck sausage with hoisin sauce and pickled veggies. The duck sausage was alright, though I prefer Wild Ginger's duck sliders over this. The bigger issue was that the toppings are slippery and easy to fall out of the bun, particularly the veggies.Overall, I enjoyed happy hour at TanakaSan. This is my new favorite happy hour (a touchdown!) from the Tom Douglas empire and one of the best that I have come across in Belltown.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,11/18/2013,325,469,4,5,4>While I've dropped by a few thousand times for Husky Deli's amazing ice cream, I only recently spent some quality time perusing their eclectic (and usually imported) selection of food products. Seriously, they have a zillion kind of hot sauces, Mexican sugar cane Sprite, almost scary sounding flavors of chips, and canned fish of every kind (cockles... when was the last time you saw those?)Last weekend it seemed everyone I knew living in New York went to a Jewish deli and ordered pastrami on rye (and posted photos on facebook). After seeing all those towering piles of meat on rye I just had to have a sandwich, and Husky Deli was the first place to pop into my mind. The sandwich I ordered consisted of pastrami, Jarlsberg, mustard, light mayo, onion, and dill pickles on rye. While it wasn't piled high with pastrami, there was a healthy amount of meat and it really hit the spot. Next time I'm craving a sandwich I think I know where I'll be going.Oh, and the reason I'll keep coming back? The ice cream. I'm pretty sure they have every flavor imaginable and each is guaranteed to be rich and impossibly decadent. I don't typically get on the whole egg nog flavored everything bandwagon, but their egg nog ice cream was life changing and I'm anxiously awaiting it's arrival this upcoming holiday season!
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,11/17/2013,106,340,6,15,9>Biang! is a newly opened Chinese restaurant specializing in food from Xi'an (pronounced "she-ann"). What this means is lots of homemade noodles with various toppings--meat, veggies, and spice galore. We got to talk to the owner quite a bit and learned about Xi'an food culture and the dishes she offers. Apparently Xi'an food is a lot of spice, vinegar, and salt. They took away a lot of the vinegary dishes since most of us aren't used to sour entree foods. They also toned down the salt a lot and left the intensity of spices up to the individual customer with a container full of homemade chilli oil on each table.The Minced Stewed Pork Sandwich is a quintessential Xi'an snack food. You can eat it as an appetizer, share it with a friend, or eat it with the cold noodle dish (Lian Pi), which A LOT of other folks were doing today. Alone, it can be considered bland, so either eat it with something. Or add more spice yourself!I got to try 4 different noodle dishes today and my favorite was the Hot Oil Biang Biang Noodle (needs confirmation from their menu). It looks so red full of chilli peppers it'll burn your lips off but is in fact just spicy enough to give it some kick and lots of flavor.I also enjoyed the two side dishes we got: Broccoli with Garlic and Sesame Oil and the Soybean Sprout Salad. It looks so simple but is amazingly flavorful.Oh and the owner makes her own plum juice and this fermented dessert soup (don't be afraid, it's just a little alcohol-y, and who doesn't like that?).Biang! is my new favorite Chinese restaurant! Adding it to my "cheap eats", "I'm lazy", and 'I want comfort food" rotation. Yes, it falls into three categories!
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,11/16/2013,50,357,4,7,8>Populuxe Brewing is super cool- like Fremont Brewing Company used to be cool- before they blew up and got all big and crowded and mainstream.The location is rustic, the beers are interesting and creative, and the people who work there are nice and will spend a few minutes chatting with you about their passion for brewing.They make a few Saison style beers that are absolutely superb. They have a broad range of other beer styles available- and typically one guest cider available for guests who don't dig beer- or have a gluten allergy- but still want to be there. Kudos for being accommodating!Suggest you try Populuxe Brewing- but don't tell too many people about ok?
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,11/15/2013,235,479,8,8,8>Cafe Cesura is obviously a "manufactured" type of hipster/industrial cafe. It's Bellevue - none of that so-called authentic brick and mortar or cool utilitarian vintage style "naturally" develops here. ....But I adore the effort. I also like that I don't have to step over pools of blood or run away from cat-calls while simply walking to get good coffee (ahem, Seattle). Is this snobby? I don't know but I'm really grateful for Cafe Cesura. It's a star in my book. It makes me happy that I don't have to go through strange urban "obstacles" if I don't want to deal with it. There's a time and a place for the "edgy" stuff and it's not when I'm hanging out on the Eastside :P I'll save it for when I'm in the mood...The matcha green tea latte is so warm and inviting of a drink. Though, I'm not used to so much milk in mine. But nevertheless, they do a far better job than any chain coffee shop. This is usually my go-to drink. Their mochas aren't overly sweet and I don't feel super fat for drinking one. At one point, they had bacon waffles which was pretty good! I wouldn't say it is in my top 10 list of best waffles or something but worth my money. Their breakfast sandwiches are huge. I don't know where they get it from but it's tasty and worthwhile.Their service is attentive. A bit on the laid back side so if you're in a big rush, Cafe Cesura probably isn't the place. But if you have some time to spare and want to hang out or even study somewhere clean and quiet, Cafe Cesura is a good deal :) Most everyone is pretty nice and chill here.See you soon Cafe Cesura!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,11/14/2013,112,225,5,7,7>WOW! What a great use of Space. Bocce Games, Beer, Large ass Tables and Booths, 2 levels and a fireplace.Serves a Full Bar along with lots of great German Style Beers and Belgiums. Brats and Sausages Galore! I loved that they had a variety of glass options, pints, liters and schooner tasting sizes. Our waitress was Busy but 'On it' and Witty and Cool!!I can't wait to get a troupe of pals to hold our liters as long as possible before putting down on the table.. LOL, people have fun here, it is a loud and fun vibe!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,11/13/2013,152,379,5,9,7>There are only so many places where I can depend on grabbing good, quick food within walking distance of my house, and Ramen Man is a very welcome addition. The decor is clean, minimalist, and unpretentious - I really liked the cozy back room. The menu was similarly minimal, which is a welcome change from every other noodle joint with 324023948304 menu items to sift through before you find something good. The dishes might seem pricey, but you get a lot of food (as in, prepare for a food coma unless you're absolutely starving before you eat here). My only complaint was that the broth was a little too salty - I wouldn't follow up with the salted caramel ice cream next door - but aside from that, the flavors were great. I am anticipating repeat visits to this place for sure.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/12/2013,166,217,4,7,7>Another great brewery! I love this place. It's a fun destination to grab a brew and a meal, or to brewery hop around Ballard.I love the staff here- always welcoming and friendly. On my first visit, I went with the sampler and just had the waiter pick out my selections. He did a great job. I would definitely recommend the sampler tray, as you get 5 pours for a really great price. Currently they have their Octoberfest beer going on- it was probably my favorite!I love that you can sit inside at a booth, a table or outside. Plus the space is pretty big, so lots of room, especially if you have a large group, so you can combine some of the tables together. Don't forget to bring your growler or get one to go!
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,11/11/2013,181,265,3,6,5>Buon signore this is good Sicilian food! I first walked past La Medusa while exploring Columbia City and unfortunately could not dine here because it's mostly reservation only. This weekend however, I was able to call a couple hours ahead and get a table. From the moment you step in, you can absorb the cozy setting. We had to wait a few minutes to get our table but were able to order a drink to sip on while we waited. The service here is among the best I've ever experienced. The hostess and waitresses are extremely knowledgable about the wines and about all the ingredients in the food from addressing food allergies to telling us about the kale that arrived just a few hours ago from the farm. The menu changes frequently based on what ingredients are in season and is written in chalk on the wall. We started with a glass of Soave for myself and a martini for my companion. The Soave was alright, not my favorite but martini was just right. When we were seated we started with Grandma's Greens--kale braised in anchovy broth with olives, pinenuts and golden raisins. To.Die.For. I'm a sucker for kale and anchovies and this dish did not disappoint. The kale's texture was just right and the broth was perfect for soaking up with bread.For entrees I had a rigatoni with tuna ragu. It was perfect. The noodles were perfectly cooked al dente the sauce was a bright tasty tomato-tuna-Sicilian masterpiece. Our other entree was a Perciatelli con la sarde, a hearty noodle hollow like a straw the length of spaghetti cooked with fennel, onion and of course sardines. Delish.Truly an outstanding meal, the best Italian I've had in Seattle.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,11/10/2013,307,492,11,8,10>I got a tip on this place from an old coworker. I have decided to go on a little Summer Food Tour of my own as part of my relaxation plan. I should have come here sooner. His tip? Valid. Vallllllll. Id.I ordered the chicken & pork teriyaki combo to see how it stacks up with my favorite teriyaki spot a little further south. (Okay, a lot further south... in Renton.) Amongst all the folks piling in and out for pickup orders, I chose a two-seater table by the wall to enjoy the time alone before work. The order was done pretty quickly, and I didn't call ahead. I asked for salad dressing on my rice (I started doing that a few months ago-- it's especially spectacular when you order spicy chicken.) The chicken? Skin on. The stuff slathered all over my salad and rice? Great dressing. My meal? Huge portion. My very filling meal (with free ice water) came to about $10 with tax. Extra credit points from me: The woman at the counter automatically asked if wanted sauce on the rice. I'll be back. I wish it was closer to home, but it's pretty close to work, so that'll do, pig.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,10/30/2012,543,163,18,22,21>El Guapo. I wish I knew how to quit you. Actually, I don't, but whatever.I can't get away from the El Guapo. I've been to HoneyHole a number of times across a number of years, and I can't ever order anything but the El Guapo. Granted, I'm looking only at vegetarian sandwiches there, so my selection is limited to five, but even still, the combination of it being a sandwich that satisfies me reliably enough and my infrequent-enough visits to HoneyHole have kept me in its gravitational force, ripe with tomatoes, green peppers, red onion, Italian seasoning, smoked gouda, cheddar cheese, and a ranch sauce on a hearty toasted demi-baguette.Though I haven't tried the other sandwiches, all the other veggie-friendly sandwiches sound perfectly good in their own right, and I have witnessed a bunch of sandwich love going on at the HoneyHole amongst eaters of all types, so it stands to reason that whatever it is you order, you'll probably enjoy it.Choose salad, slaw, or fries as your side. Fries are good, plentiful as a side, nice n' crispy and of medium body. You can add a generous side of tasty ranch (house-made, perhaps--it's not Hidden Valley or otherwise something straight from a bottle) for just $0.50. "Ian, you should not be eating a mound of fries with a side of ranch, don't you think?"I know that. Shut up.There are a couple drink specials worth mentioning. $3 pints on the beer of the day, which on my most recent visit was a nice American Brewing Blonde Ale. There's also a featured cocktail of the day available for a very reasonable $4.50 or thereabouts. This is a really generous move when the drink is something like a mojito (as it was when I was there), which so often inspires bartender ire because of the effort involved in preparing one.This said, my experience at the bar has led me to believe that this is not the sort of staff that would exhibit ire. Service has been pleasant, friendly, and relaxed, which fits the casual, relatively soothing vibe of the red-illuminated interior with its charming kitschy decor.Go on and shove some HoneyHole into your pie hole. Or sandwich hole, as the case may be.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,10/29/2012,195,476,5,12,6>Woohoo, a good Taiwanese place in Seattle!We tried the popcorn chicken, the gua bao (pork burger), ba wan (meatball) the beef noodle soup, and a honey bubble tea.LOVED the popcorn chicken. Super flavorful, crispy without being overly greasy. I also liked the beef noodle soup. The beef was super soft, noodles delicious, and flavorful broth. The ba wan was good, but it could have used a bit more sauce. I prefer the gua bao at facing east, but maybe b/c the meat used here is a leaner cut (which may not be such a bad thing). The tapioca in the bubble tea was perfect.Overall, satisfied, and will be back.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,10/28/2012,167,645,7,8,7>If you're going to have one item on the menu, then you better get it right, but there have been plenty of places in Seattle which weren't able to follow that simple maxim (anyone remember Rizzo's?).  But Pel'meni succeeds in bringing Russian style dumplings, just steps away from the Lenin statue in Fremont :).  Basically, you get two choices - meat or vegetable (potato),  Or you can get a combo, which totally hit the spot.  I have a feeling that the preparation wasn't too traditional - sour cream, with sweet chile oil, rice vinegar, and a light curry powder, but it sure was tasty.  There are also a few salads as well, including cucumber, carrot, and cabbage, and they are nice sides, especially the cabbage version.  The space is quirky, perfect for Fremont, as it shares the store with a tattoo parlor.  And they also have a nice patio and an old Technics record player spinning some cool electronica/alternative LPs.  Definitely a nice stop while in Fremont just about any time in the day or night...we had a late lunch there but the website also mentions that they are open until 2:30AM.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,10/27/2012,49,294,24,32,28>Needed a very early ride to the airport and didn't want to deal with unreliable taxi's.  My boyfriend reserved a pick-up and asked that they call to confirm because he doesn't trust automatic email replies.We received an email confirmation, as well as a phone call to confirm which was nice.  They clearly know how to follow directions A +.We were picked up right on time!  Our driver was very friendly, carried our bags, and even asked us if we had a music preference once in the vehicle (we didn't but nice to know we had options).My brain was only halfway turned on at this hour, but there weren't any of those awkward "I really don't want this random stranger to spark conversation with me" types of conversations.  It was the perfect amount of chat (short but to the point).$55 from my house to the airport and didn't have to deal with any bullshit, no wrong turns, no traffic issues or wait time.  Even though it wouldn't have changed the price, the driver still asked if we had a preference to the route --totally cool.Smooth sailing....I would use them again anytime.Thank you to all my yelp friends for reviewing this place, only reason I used this service!
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,10/26/2012,45,135,5,8,8>This review is long overdue and a sort of tribute to Carmine who passed away recently.  I used to live in a loft above Carmine's so I got to know the staff and Carmine really well.  For me it is a sentimental place of first dates, last dates, anniversaries, closing dinners, board dinners,welcome parties, going away parties, valentine's days, casual lunches.  I have seen many local luminaries dine there both famous and infamous.  Fugitive Mike Mastro had a regular table at lunch until he took his investors money and moved to Italy (I hear).  Also-Governor Locke, Trade Secretary Mickey Cantor, Bill Gates, Paul Schell, Tom Skerritt, Dale Chihuly to name a few.  Now about the food/service....sigh, I wish they served breakfast. Carmines is really a Manhattan style restaurant.  Carmine learned the ropes from the Vancouver & Whistler based restaurateur who owns IL Gardino di  Umberto. If you eat at one of those spots  you will see where Carmine got his Mojo. I love the bar/bistro to the side as you walk in.  If you don't have reservations on a busy night you should try eating there, it's wonderful.  I get the feeling that many of the couples dining there are married, just not to each other! The Antipasto bar is a wonder to behold. I actually have a painting of the antipasto bar by a local artist hanging in my home.  With grilled veggies and shrimp and seasonal goodies it's worth checking out as you pass by.  I always order a plate as a starter and am never disappointed. Over the years I have also enjoyed the Misto salad with goat cheese and nuts and different lettuce's like radicchio and frissee.Their specials usually include sea bass or salmon and they do a wonderful job cooking the fish.  The Minestrone soup is just like "Nana" would make with fresh cut veggies and homemade broth. I have tried most of the pasta dishes and they are sublime. The seafood pasta especially.  Back in the day they had a classical guitarist a-la Herbfarm but "Andre" has moved on and they don't normally have live music.  I miss that. The waiters are professional waiters like you would see in Rome.  They wear white jackets.  Many are Italian and they know the menu, the wine and their business and take it seriously.  They have been known to flirt with pretty women at the tables however so don't be put off by that, it adds to the charm. The parking is easy with the valet off King Street,  The same valet has been there for over 13 years and he will remember you if you are a regular. I'm glad Mrs. Smeraldo has taken over and I will go back often to help keep this type of place alive and well in Seattle.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,10/25/2012,152,113,7,9,6>I LOVE YOU, SIDECAR!Seriously, it's a wonderful store.  If you're vegan, you must visit.  If you're interested in becoming vegan, you should definitely stop by to check out the amazing variety and quality of foods and goods available.They often have a plate of Mighty-O donuts, which is great because I hardly ever make it over there during their business hours.  Stock up on Halloween candy here -- great selection so the kids won't TP your house because you've got the same tired old Skittles and Swedish Fish.This is the place to get your junk food on -- marshmallows, ice cream, candy bars, chips.  Calorize herbivore-style.  If you don't want processed food, well, yeah, that's what your garden, the farmer's market, and the co-op are for!  This is a specialty grocery so they have specialty food.  And c'mon life is just better with peanut butter cups.  But with that said, you can also buy sensible things like wallets, shampoo, flax meal, arrowroot, and dog food.  The staff is always very friendly, upbeat, and positive.  They are also knowledgeable about local vegan goodness.  Stop by!
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/23/2012,595,1498,17,17,11>I am now a thirtysomething.For my 900th review, I am writing about iFLY which I visited yesterday as my last twentysomething activity. iFLY is an indoor skydiving facility. It can also be considered as a training site in preparation for the real thing of jumping out of the plane.I went online to their website to book a package. Packages offered depend on your experience with iFLY. If you have neven flown before, you will need to choose between the first time flyer options. The pricing is higher initially, but it goes down for returning flyers. Depending on the amount of training you have had here as well as your actual performance in the flying chamber, you might be able to perform advanced flying techniques on future visits.I booked the Earn Your Wings package ($59.95) on their website which includes two one minute flights. Yes, it is a little pricey but I think the length in the flying chamber is appropriate for a beginner. I don't think sticking a newbie in there for more than a minute makes sense due to their lack of experience with the elements inside.You need to check in an hour before. I booked a flight an hour later than I actually flew, but was able to move up my flight time since there was some earlier availability still.After a short training session, I put on the skydiving gear. Or rather, I got help putting on the skydiving gear. I wasn't sure if I was putting everything on correctly so I asked for help and the instructor happily obliged. Better safe than sorry. You don't want your shoes to fall off in mid-flight. They do ask you to remove things from your pocket like jewelry, wallets, etc. before you enter the chamber. They have individual lockers with locks to place your valuables in for safekeeping.I wasn't sure what to expect when entering the chamber. Prior to visiting, I had imagined that it might be like that scene in the movie, "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" when Charlie and Grandpa Joe sample Fizzy Lifting Drinks and start floating. Alas, that was not the case. It was more like flying in a tornado. Since the instructor is guiding you in the chamber on the first visit, you kind of feel somewhat like a human shot put.My first attempt was crazy and hilarious simply because I had all the wrong moves. It was indoor skydiving FAIL. My body was flailing all over the place, while I had a dazed impression on my face like if this was really happening. Oh and I was full of drool. Getting me back out of the chamber was like rounding up a wild pig. It was such a Youtube-esque trainwreck that I had to spring to get the DVD ($14.95) to see the embarassing moment. On replay of the incident, I was amused the instructor gave a "Whew" facial expression to the camera after I was corraled out of the chamber.The second attempt was much improved by a mile from the first attempt. I figured out my issues by watching the other flyers. The problem was my lack of symmetrical movement. If in doubt of what to do, remember the first line of the chorus to the Mariah Carey song, "Butterfly". Spread your wings and prepare to fly.I enjoyed my indoor skydiving experience at iFLY. It is an unique thing to try. For those risk adverse to jumping out of the plane, this is a nice alternative. It was a perfect activity to end my stint as a twentysomething. Though I wonder what I can do to top this in another 10 years. The real thing? I think I am going to need at least that long to summon the cajones to do that.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2012,10/22/2012,115,451,7,16,11>Generally, I try to visit a place at least a couple of times before reviewing--unless it's someplace abroad or...it's so bad I won't go back (unless I enter an alternate world where Yelp is call "pleY" and opposites are...well, you get the idea.)You know why I felt compelled to write now, rather than wait until visit 2 or 3? Napkins.Picture it. A BBQ place that uses Brawny-strength napkins, which I feel are necessary if you're going to get elbow-deep in BBQ. Such a small thing, but it makes me think that the owner really thought about its food/clientele. What's worse than pulling little bits of BBQ-stained flimsy napkin film off your face and fingers? I can think of only 3 other things...maybe 4. Okay, that's not the only reason why I like this place. The decor is BBQ through-and-through. The tables in the bar are squeezed a little close to each other, but I understand that maximizing space is important. I loved the large open windows and sky-high ceilings--complete with giant wagon wheel lights. The drinks coming out of their bar looked famn dancy too; I'll make it a point to try at least one next time. Oh yes, the food! Luckily, I was with two others so I got to taste quite a few things. Sadly, 'can't comment on anything beef or pork, but my peoples enjoyed them. I can comment on the following:Mac and cheese - My friend and I noted that while delicious, the smoky cheddar could have used another sharper cheddar, for some extra punch.French fries - Mixed with garlic oil; nice and meaty in texture. On point.Collard greens - The real article, kids.Salt & Vinegar Chips - Homemade, and pretty darn good.Smoked Chicken Chop Salad (served in a chilled bowl) - Smoked chicken was great (missed some vegetables though they were a wee bit too generous with the smoked cheese.) Biscuits - The best that I can recall having in a long time! Tall, fluffy and WARM served with honey butter. Please-other-restaurant-I-have-reviewed-previously­, please take note that THIS is the biscuit benchmark for a restaurant. Cornbread - Unusually moist! Loved it. Custom BBQ sauces were delicious! I especially loved the Spicy and Gold sauce but will happily dip the fries into any of them, really. Since we sat in the bar, I also got to catch the end of the Sounders game: soccer makes me cheesy happy ^_^ The prices here are great; we will be back in a couple of weeks, when I'll probably try their blackened shrimp and grits. 'Will update the review after trying drinks/more dishes!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,10/20/2012,265,74,4,8,7>It saddens me to know that there was such an amazing sushi joint around and I didn't know about it or go there until yesterday. Big thank you to my Yelp friends that reviewed this place, I wouldn't have known about it without ya!Came here with my hunny yesterday, and like almost all the other reviews where it says to make a reservation, you probably should. We got there around 6:30 ish on a Wednesday night and still had to wait 45 minutes, so we went across the street to have a few drinks. The waitress called us when our table was ready and we were promptly seated.Love the atmosphere, small little joint, but truly a gem. We ordered three different rolls and the edamame with garlic-SO GOOD. My favorite roll of the night would have to be the Aligator roll that was fried, and I am in love!Everything was great, the staff was awesome, and how about the womens restroom ladies? Heated toilet, and a few other perks? Doesn't get much better than that!I will probably never want to go to sushi anywhere else but here, I have been ruined.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,10/18/2012,42,138,3,8,4>Delicious Vegan Donuts!  That should be enough right there for this review! But, I will write more because I want people to know about this one-of-a-kind place! As far as I know, this is the ONLY vegan donut place in all of the state of Washington and I have never come across any place like it anywhere else I have lived in CA, AZ or Hawaii.These are by far the best donuts I have ever had.  So flavorful, not greasy or heavy and they don't make you feel sick later on in the day. The place itself is small but they have a wide variety of donuts to chose from and the staff is helpful and friendly. The only downside is these donuts really should be eaten the same day you buy them, but that is the case with most regular donuts too. I recommend getting a dozen because this will save you money since they are little on the pricey side if you are just buying them singularly.The location is also in the middle of a residential neighborhood which I think is neat but parking could be an issue, but I was able to park right outside and I was there later in the afternoon on a Saturday.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2007,9/22/2007,53,57,14,18,15>I fell in love with Seattle today. I mean the whole bag, not just the city itself, but the community and the people. Head over Heels, Tits over Elbows, Flat on my Ass in love with this place. This Yoga place rocks. All the others were spot on. The teacher treated me with kindness and respect as did all the other people in the class who made me feel like I have been coming here forever....and oh yes, I will be.Plenty of classes for all levels from what I am told, free street parking, and the cheapest stretch/meditation in town.The Beatles were right, it is all you need.......
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2007,9/21/2007,164,541,8,4,2>The BBQ here is not the greatest.  It is tasty and flavorfull but served on a hotdog bun you find at the gas station.  The reason to go to Dixie's is to meet the man.  Once you have met him I wouldn't be surprised if you never went back unless with another newbie.  His singular wit never fails to bring a smile to my face.  Except this time when he wasnt' there.  Sucks I was all ready to go chest to chest with the man and his sauce and ask for more but I got shutdown.  Oh well the next time I go in another year I will maybe meet him again.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,9/20/2007,204,297,7,6,8>Yep, love it.  The Boxcar gets the Rick and Neil Karaoke Heaven Stamp of Approval!  (ie: highest honor from me and Lindsey S.)This is the new best karaoke spot as far as I'm concerned, edging out Bush Gardens, and it's way closer to home and a million times easier to park at.  They had every single song I could think of to look up, including new stuff.  My friend Daniel did the most killer "You Know I'm No Good" by Amy Winehouse, complete with drink-brandishing and spillage on his shirt.  The stage even has enough room to throw a couple of dance moves in during the music-only parts of your song.Well drinks were a mere $3.75, High Lifes were $2, and both the bartenders were smiley and cool.  There's a great big deck and a pool table.  I can't wait to come watch football here, too!  Watch for Rick and Neil performing our new and improved "Shoop" - coming as soon as possible to the Boxcar's Saturday Night Karaoke!Update: so, you know how when you leave your card at a bar, and you go back to get it the next day and the bartenders are all Douchey McMassengill on you?  The Boxcar bartenders are not like that in any way.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2007,9/19/2007,188,480,5,11,7>To no one's surprise, we tried this because I had a coupon, and I was on the hunt for the elusive Cellophane noodle (aka, Crystal noodle, SIlver noodle, mung bean noodle). I didn't know what to expect due to the strip mall location, but let me tell you, once you step inside you are transported away to a cozy, casually elegant interior that could be on one of the chic-est streets anywhere. The service was beyond friendly, the food was absolutely delicious. We tried a couple of appetizers (shrimp rolls and a yummy thing called Miang Khum - or something like that).Then I had the Pad Woon Sen of my dreams while Chris had the Flank Steak curry. We had two stars on both and they were comfortably spicy. I don't think I'd enjoy three stars and certainly not four, so run Spicy people and tell me what you think!I can't wait to go back to Thai Bistro. It's gonna be our go-to place from now on!
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2007,9/18/2007,44,119,9,11,9>This is where we go if we're in the mood for "yellow cheese mexican" comfort food.I've gone with several friends, and Jaz almost always gets the Arroz Con Pollo, I know a couple of people who never stray from the spicy prawn dish (can't remember what it's called, something to do with the devil I think...but it's 2nd from the bottom of the left hand side of the menu on the right side of the page...  yep, I've considered it a few times.)   Amy varies her selections, and frankly...  I have no interest in what any of them are getting, because all I can focus on is the thought of my order:  Pollo a la Crema...  That's right.  Because, say it with me kids:  "Fat IS Flavor"!  And boy howdy, how I dig it!  I love their refried beans, and ridiculous portions.  I'm still snacking on leftovers two days after a visit!The decor is errr..  entertaining, the wait-staff are nice, and we'll keep coming back for our fix.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,9/17/2007,59,99,14,21,12>You're looking for the perfect location to hold your wedding in Downtown Seattle, right? Admit it! That's why everyone comes to Yelp! To help plan their weddings!I had my Best Wedding Ever(tm) here! OK, so it was my only wedding... but even in comparison to my friends weddings, I thought mine was the best. Though I do have to give credit to my friends who got married on top of Crystal Mountain. That was impressive.But, I still wouldn't trade it for my wedding!Court in the Square was exactly the sort of location that my wife and I were looking for when were planning our wedding. A three story glass atrium with a retractable roof in the heart of Pioneer Square, court in the square both reflected our love of urban living, while also being more open, airy and laid back than a lot of the stuffy -yet shabby- other locations we considered.And, while price wasn't the deciding factor, it was a lot more reasonably priced than a lot of less appealing locations. In addition, Court in the Square's manager, Bob, managed to be both relaxed and attentive at the same time. And, he has a really impressive mustache. Also, I know that a lot of people are concerned about places that do their own in-house catering, but I thought the people at Court in the Square not only worked to help make a menu that matched our needs and budgets... but actually exceeded all of our expectations in quality and quantity.I know most people naively presume that they had the Best Wedding Ever(tm), but I've actually done scientific studies that proved that my wife and I did, in fact, have the Best Wedding Ever(tm). At Court in the Square.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2007,9/15/2007,221,213,5,8,7>This place is awesome! Man, I do love me some good mac-n-cheese! The first time I ate this stuff, I thought I had died and gone to mac-n-cheese heaven, it's so delicious! Perfectly cooked pasta penne topped with the best homemade cheese you've ever tasted. The cheese is sharp tasting and oh-so-good. It certainly kicks the ass of its inbred cousins, Kraft Easy Mac and Velveeta Shells and Cheese. There's always a crowd outside Beecher's, usually people gawking at the cheese making going on inside. It is interesting. They provide samples of curds, sometimes flavored, sometimes plain. Either way, I'm not a big fan of the cheese curds. But if you buy me a tub of their mac-n-cheese, I'll be your BFF!
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2006,9/14/2007,55,87,7,3,2>If you are - how you say - hirsute, a word of warning: don't order the saganaki, as the fireball extends almost thirty feet from the cheese. You may lose some of your pelt. (Those of you who have ordered the saganaki are nodding your scorched and bald faces in agreement.) Everyone else, have at it 'cuz it's the food of Zeus. It's not to be passed up.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2007,9/13/2007,191,70,34,20,13>"Who's there?""A bunch of cheap goths in a bar."Yep. $1 Miller High Lifes during happy hour. THAT is the high life my friend let-me-tell-you-what. This place is dark, reportedly has some sort of tiny patio and has a bunch of shady though seemingly harmless folk who enjoy dancing (??) in the back as well as cheap drinks and fried bar food. Tater tots. Do it.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,9/11/2007,128,407,10,15,8>My family calls this place "Fat Tony's."  The owner's name is Tony, however if I remember correctly, is not fat.  But he is Italian to the core, and thus is dubbed the gangster name.It's very COZY here, code word small, so at least knowing that, put that aside and take in everything else.  The smells - from the kitchen.The sounds - of tasty food being cooked.The... um... dammit I ran out of things.They have specials every night, and the servers read them to you off of a black board in Italian.  Because if you're not Italian, you ain't gonna know what blahblahblahitini is. Don't see something you like?  Ask and you shall receive!  My mom once wanted the gnocchi (which by the way, is to DIE for) with pesto and something else but wasn't on the menu and not a special.  So she asked for them to make it special.  And BAM!  There it is.They have some great wines here, too.  However, I don't come here for that, but just an FYI.  In one section you can also purchase things to take home and cook yourself.  Time to make it up to Fat Tony's again soon.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,2/6/2011,615,688,14,7,12>I sat in the fastest plane ever.  And yeah, it was good.  Sure I was the only adult in a line full of little kids.  And sure, when I made the "pew, pew, pew" sounds in the cockpit while evading enemy fire, mother's shook their heads and veered there children away.But after I did that, like 3 grown men jumped in and did the same damn thing!Seriously, who could pass that up?!So I have a thing for planes.  Big freakin planes.  When I lived in Arizona, I liked to go to their graveyards and have picnics under B52's.  This wasn't the same thing, but it still put a smile on my face.I was surrounded by big, shiny flying things. There was a lot of history going on.  I found myself mesmerized by the old WWI Italian plane that looked more like a rusted out lawnmower.  I stood admiring the replica of the legendary Red Baron and could not even begin to understand how it could be a vehicle of war.  I discovered my two year old has a thing for 1940's big band music and that a man can still smile for a photograph while suffering from trenchfoot.I tried to understand how a Russian man could orbit the world in a tin can and why Hubble kicks so much ass.  I ran up and down the the aisles of a commercial airliner in a defiant and tasteless manner.  I tried on an aviator hat but bought the space puppy instead.And what made me most happy was the tiny replica of the Planet Express ship.  Not for sale sadly.  Yeah, it's fun.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,2/5/2011,595,1498,7,10,8>Fu Lin is a Chinese restaurant which offers a nice selection of Japanese ramen. I typically go to Samurai Noodle for my fix, but I decided to give this place a shot. The space is comfy, divided into two dining areas. The decor is Japan-esey, but not in a stodgy way. KISS-FM music was playing which seems to indicate that this place draws a mostly younger clientele.The front menu includes their ramen selections, while the rest of the items consists of Chinese options. I decided to get the tonkotsu chasiu ramen ($7) and a side order of pot stickers ($3).After a short wait, my order was ready. The ramen consists of seaweed, bean sprouts and chasiu. The thing that draws you in is that the broth is incredibly creamy and rich. This is on par with the one down the street at Samurai. The ramen itself was okay, it would have been better if it was firmer.The pairing of the ramen with pot stickers is great. Just like places in Hawaii do it. The pot stickers here came out hot and were a perfect accompaniment. If there was something Samurai could add, it would be pot stickers aka gyoza. Fu Lin has them beat in this regard.Comparing Samurai and Fu Lin by their ramen, I think they are about even. Though if you are deciding between the two. Consider these things. On the plus side for Samurai, they have numerous noodle choices and the massive Samurai Armour Bowl combo. With Fu Lin, there is a larger menu selection to choose from including Chinese dishes and I reiterate again, pot stickers.It depends what extras you prefer. Though Fu Lin has the edge in regards to ambiance. It just feels like a more comfortable place to dine.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,2/4/2011,141,414,10,14,12>This is a cool bar, man. It has a beatnik arty vibe that you can't help but admire. I felt I needed a black beret and some bongo drums. There is beautiful, scary, thoughtful, and straight up wacky art on the walls. The furniture is art deco and whimsical and the pictures in the back make you wish you knew a rockstar. How can I fail to mention the art vending machine?The Hideout is unrecognizable from the outside. The windows are blackout with a red light that says "Cocktails". You can already get the sense you will be awfully surprised once you step through its doors. The space is dark and mysterious and leaves you wishing you had a room like this in your home. This would be the perfect place for a date. The bartenders were dressed so snazzy and made an excellent drink. Even though I had a standard and somewhat unexciting rum and Coke it was seriously the best rum and Coke I've ever imbibed. Maybe it was because they used exceptional rum instead of the cheap well rum I am used to or maybe it was just made with love but whatever transpired it was fantastic. I have fallen deeply in love with The Hideout with its hip interior, great drinks, and unforgettable art.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,2/3/2011,204,515,9,8,9>Spam-o-licious!yeah, they get some bonus points for having my favorite canned meat on the menu.  This essentially is a sushi joint that has a fairly large menu of cooked items as well.  The dishes:spam musubi- an interesting twist with egg tamago on top.  wish the spam was a little more charred.  But spam is spam so I happily ate it!Spam fried rice- mix up spam, and fried rice and voila!  Perfect stoner food, or hungry asian comfort fare!grilled mackel w/rice and salad: Mackrel is my new addiction.  Decent option here with the rice and all.  Hamachi kama- those of you who have never had fish collar are really missing out.  Seriously, its the best part of the fish!  grilled to perfection, it is dripping with tasty fish oil!  They only have one per day which I think is unfortunate.  Usually I am the one that ends up ordering it!Mochiko chicken- fried chicken kind of like chicken karaage like.yam fries- very tasty!  the chipotle mayo like sauce was GOOD.Calamari- crispy and squidy!tempura- as expected, fried veggiesthe rolls- spider roll/saigon roll/spicy tuna roll- probably a few more that escape my memory.  None of them are sticking out as terribly memorable.toro nigiri- probably the THINNEST somewhat laughable slice of toro I have ever seen.  Way to stretch out that premium cut!  my fault for ordering it on the weekend.I have been here twice and as weird as it sounds, I liked the cooked items better than the raw stuff which usually isn't the case.  The atmosphere is pretty relaxed and has a modern feel to it.  The service I felt has been good and very accomadating.   Overall a great edition to the downtown Columbia City food scene.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,2/2/2011,91,211,27,73,49>Found this place after searching on my bf's behalf for "a place that does man hair." Apparently he was afraid of going to a girly hair salon and coming out like Dorothy Hamill.Impressive, classy interior with big "boyfriend" waiting room chairs (or "girffriend" chairs in this case). Only 1-2 people were being served at any given time, so the environment was extremely relaxed. I was surprised how full-service it was for the price; maybe just because they have separate little rooms for the haircut, washtub, and style.This would be a four star review except that Valentine's went for extra credit:-- Was asked a couple of times if I'd like a beverage while waiting-- Andes mints at reception-- Valentine came over to thank me for bringing the bf inGoes without saying that the haircut itself was beautiful, stylish, and neat.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,2/1/2011,76,510,9,12,12>Really good for Korean food actually!I'll rewind a bit, I've been here for their yakisoba which is crazy huge, and just okay tasting. I've gotten their katsu which is nice and crispy. I've gotten bibimbap that comes in an interesting bowl (not the hot stone one), which was filling and good for its location to my job. I've asked for sushi and was told the person wasn't in today (even though I ordered on the correct day). I believe they've gone to prepackaged sushi.Anyway, their Korean menu is pretty long and overwhelming. I decided on the seafood kimchi bowl (in the hot stone pot). It was just around $8 for lunch.We got waters and our number and sat on the side where the frogurt stand is. It's less noisy and crowded, plus we had an early, not-between classes lunch date.The food was brought to us in a few minutes and it was tasty good. They definitely put a LOT of kimchi in there (I separated it from the seafood and rice). It was very spicy and hot (temp-wise). The seafood was some shrimp and squid (in stick form, which I don't personally like).  The portion of seafood was decent.After eating (I love how the rice gets all crispy in those hot stone bowls) we bussed our own table carefully and went back to work.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,1/31/2011,609,878,8,13,18>I just dropped in on Young Flowers before closing to pick up a single white rose to accompany my outfit for the Teatro Zinzanni event tonight. Speaking with one of the staff, I let her know what I was planning to do (wearing the rose on/in my dress shirt pocket), and she suggested that I get a boutonniere. While these normally need to be ordered ahead of time, she offered to just make one for me on the spot. So while I can't comment on their floral arrangements, their service and friendliness alone justify five stars in my book (I mean really, how many florists are going to make you something that normally needs to be preordered, five minutes before closing?).
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,1/30/2011,149,196,12,14,12>Hot yoga saved my life.Ok no... not really but it did whip my ass into shape. Keep in mind I'm the type that would rather hike and kayak than run laps and pump iron. I also consider shopping a sport and anyone who disagrees should come with me on a 6-hour spree. Yoga is that happy medium between fun and intense. One 60-90 minute Vinyasa Flow class at Urban is like 5 workouts in 1: - Cardio to burn those calories- Full body emphasis to tone those muscles- Stretching to keep you limber- Core work to flatten those abs- Moments of silent meditation to keep you sane in this insane worldIf you're thinking about trying hot yoga, do it! And if you ever meet me in person, ask nicely and I just might show you my hot yoga guns and buns.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,1/29/2011,325,469,8,10,10>I'm pretty sure I'm still stuffed from the dinner I had here two nights ago!  Naan is my absolutely favorite thing about Indian food and I definitely over-indulged by eating about 50 servings of the stuff... how could I resist?  Absolute perfection!  I just ate, ate, and ate until I was so full I could barely move.  The food is that good.  You just can't stop eating!Beyond the copious amounts of naan I devoured the rest of the food was top notch!  The tiki masala was some of the best I've had... creamy, flavorful, and slightly smokey!  Flawless!  The chicken curry was also pretty awesome.  I have no idea how they prepared it.... but wow!  Tender chicken and full of flavor!  Best of all I was able to consume these saucy dishes over some amazing rice!  They were able to do wonders with the basmati rice!  The lamb dish I sampled was probably my least favorite item, but it was good.  The flavor profile was damn near perfect but the meat was a pretty bad piece.  Really chewy and fatty.  The aspect of my experience that really makes Naan-n-Curry a 5 star experience was the service.  Fast, attentive, friendly, and efficient.  Our main server treated us all like family and when the time came to pay the bill it has been split... between the 1,000 of us!  How nice!Can't wait to go back! I mean I'll drive all the way to Mill Creek for the best Mexican.... why not go to Renton for the best Indian?
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,1/28/2011,5000,240,71,60,64>If you haven't had one of their sinfully delicious cheesecakes then you are totally missing out!  Get your butt over there (more on that later)!  I have found that they consistently put out a great product and that is what keeps me going back for more.  Flavors that I do like include:  Triple Berry, Lemon White Chocolate, Kahlua White Chocolate, Mexican Chocolate and Peanut Butter Chocolate!  They do special flavors around holidays and such; and Pumpkin is one of their best around Halloween and Thanksgiving.  I don't make it to The Confectional often, but when I do it is usually when I walk up to the market for lunch and grab one of their $4 gems on the way back to the office.  That way I get the calories back that I burned off!Remember - moderation is key:Damn, that's good!         My god, I must have more!        I can't stop!                I                                                   I                                        I            \O/                                             _O_                                     O              |                                                 ( )                                    /((  ))\             / \                                                / \                                       (())*If you can't make it to the Pike Place Market, you can place an order online and have it shipped FedEx:theconfectional.com/orde…Order size of cheesecakes breaks down to:9 for $32  / 16 for $54 / 20 for $67.50
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/23/2014,109,455,8,11,9>I've been back a few times since my initial visit/review and I believe I've fallen in love.The bartenders certainly know what they're doing, as every single drink has been excellent and I now have a new favorite place for my favorite Moscow Mule.  I've also now  tried the sushi, after getting over my initial nervousness at having sushi in a non-Japanese restaurant, and have been very impressed with its quality and freshness.  I'm still not a big fan of the place when it's packed as it's loud and hard to maneuver, but in its quieter moments it beckons to me like a siren's song.  As far as bars go, Liberty has truly become my neighborhood haunt.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,3/22/2014,129,291,14,19,12>Wow! My fellow reviewers are spot on about the garlic sauce. It is delicious, but you will also wake up the next morning with a pungent flavor in your mouth despite all the altoids, mouth wash, and tooth brushing you might have completed before bed. We ordered the hot n' sour soup, green onion pancakes, and of course, the dumplings. It was plenty of food for 2, and we particularly enjoyed the pancakes. The prices were reasonable and the service was friendly. We'll be back!
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,3/21/2014,429,56,13,15,11>I have not been here in at least eight years, and after visiting recently I cannot for the life of me understand why this isn't a daily routine. This place is amazing for any fellow fat kid out there. I literally wanted to set up a chair and eat myself to sleep with every item they have for sale. The prices are way below what you would expect after taking your first delicious bite. I bought three boxes of different items and it cost under $30. The lemon merengue pie was life changing. So flavorful and had amazing texture. If you are anywhere near this bakery you MUST stop in and try something. Your stomach will love you for making the stop. (Your scale might have a different opinion, but who listens to that bastard anymore)
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,3/20/2014,124,124,6,10,6>Oh my stars, they have GREAT pizza!!  And they deliver too!!Thinkin' about ordering some hot wings?  Their hot wings are not your traditional buffalo, red spicy sauce, Franks Red Hot, kinda - heat - your - in LOVE - with chicken wings.They are coated with a mere barbecue sauce, and maybe just called Hot wings for the Hell of it.So, pass on the wings - But don't pass on the pizza!!  They don't skimp on the toppings, and the crust tastes freshly made.If you are thinking about dining in, they have a nice friendly - family - feel interior (with a large screen TV to catch your favorite sporting events).  And adjacent to the dining area is a bar (adults only), where you can order a craft beer, and catch the game as well.Don't forget they deliver - In case you want to stay in your pajamas, drink your own damn beer, and watch the game from home. :)
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,3/19/2014,49,294,7,11,10>FYI-- 21+ establishment.Finally dropped in here last night with my mom after having passed it numerous times driving to the airport.  Apparently this place is packed on the weekends, so that can only mean they serve a killer breakfast and I will need to come back.  More of a bar feel than a restaurant feel.Here for dinner this time and not packed to the brim, my kind of time.  Ordered the brisket sandwich with fries, and it was delicious!  If you're not overly hungry you'll have leftovers for sure, portions were big.  I'll just say my fiance wasn't complaining when I got home with the box.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,3/18/2014,79,188,2,10,7>Adorable little place. Nothing spectacular about the decor or the menu, but if you're looking for classic Thai, look no further. Very polite service and very quick presentation of the food. I think I hardly waited fifteen minutes for the spring rolls.And let me tell you about some spring rolls. As is typical of thai fried spring rolls, these were vegetarian, and came with a light sticky sweet and sour sauce that offset the perfect flavor of the sweet outside and savory veggie inside of the spring rolls. Seriously, it was like fried veggies wrapped in funnel cake with an edge of perfect sour to give it complexity. I'm not hard to please when it comes to these things but Thai Thani kitchen really knocked it out of the park.Of course, the main meal was excellent too. I had drunken noodle, which has a different name on their menu, but if you ask for it, they'll point you in the right direction. The noodles were some of the best thai noodles I've had--I'm guessing these were homemade based on their texture and quality.As far as Thai goes, this is a quality traditional Thai experience and I will definitely be back.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/17/2014,214,291,22,17,15>I pulled into the drive thru and waited for a reply.There was none.I waited some more.Still no reply.After calling for assistance,"IS ANYONE THERE?!""HELLO?!"A voice on the intercom says, "Oh no I'm sorry! What can I get for you?""Enchilada meal!"I say.I pull up to the drive thru window and pay.The to-go box is heavy, meaning the portion sizes are large.My car is quickly filled with an amazing smellMy mouth is salivating.All I can think of is the quickest route home,and when I get there, my taste buds begin to dance.It was the beginning of a new friendship.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,3/16/2014,93,297,5,9,9>This is a very "homey" restaurant since you can tell it was converted from an actual house into two separate businesses. One being the restaurant and the other of a nail salon spa. It has a nice koi pond in the back plus it was very serene with the overall landscaping of the place. You can tell this is a family business right from the get go with the simple signage for the menu right when you walk in. They have little pictures of the entree items and a simple word description of what they are tacked on the wall.The menu isn't very large on selections since they want to keep it simple and fresh. I had the Wonton noodle soup that day and it was great with all the fresh ingredients. The soup base was terrific with no MSG added and wasn't too salty at all.It took a little while for the food to come since it is made to order which can take awhile, but I have no complaints if it tastes like homemade!!Great little place with good price point to match!
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,3/15/2014,42,93,3,14,6>Finally there's good Chinese to be had in Downtown Kirkland! I visited on a Friday night and found the food and service to be excellent. This is the real deal - the staff struggles with English so you'll probably have to point at your selections on the menu - but be patient, it's worth it. I was very interested in the name "Beijing O'Chef" finding the "O" a little confusing linguistically (like Chinese with an Irish influence?). From what I was able to gather from the young woman the "O" is a contraction for "old" as in an "old Beijing chef" - but don't hold me to that.When I was there a party of four came in thinking it was the now-defunct Dozu. They had a Chinese-speaking person so they were golden. I heard a lot of "wow" coming their table as their food arrived to that's apparently international.I noticed in David W.'s review he mentioned his spicy green beans weren't as hot as he expected. They asked me if I wanted chilies, and the way the chefs were watching I get the sense they're tweaking their recipes and trying to find out what their market actually is here in Kirkland.There wasn't a huge remodel to what was already a nice space - Dozu's sushi bar is still there, perhaps they'll make it a noodle bar someday. Dozu's wireless network was still there which I appreciated.I had come by earlier in the week and found they were closed about 8:45-ish. When I asked tonight what their hours were they said 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. beginning in December, that they were kind of ramping up. So if you're going later in the evening it might be worth a call first.Despite being in the heart of downtown Kirkland Beijing O'Chef with available parking nearby, I'm not convinced this is a great location, particularly after watching Dozu sink there. Dozu also suffered from poor early reviews so I hope these new folks get a fair shake from the Yelper crowd.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/14/2014,309,567,6,12,10>This place is an old stomping ground.  They've been around forever and then some and there's a reason for that.Huge multiple fields for battle - great for large or small groups.  The staff is always fun and energetic.  And with the new upgrades of newer guns I began to love this place all over again.Reservations can be made or walk ons are always welcomed.Spent my 31st birthday there being a kid again and it was a blast.  From the lighting rounds on the speed field to the 11 versus 30 on the bigger field down to the point where we saw a bear on the deep back field but that didn't stop us from having a good time.  Nor did it stop my buddies teaming up on me and lighting me up 12 vs 1.  I was welted for two weeks.  But boy is it fun. Great this is they are open year round and have specials every now and then so check up with them here and there.  They also do 24 hour matches as well!  Can't wait to do some Pballin in the snow!  See you guys soon!
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,6/2/2014,519,323,10,11,9>Yum!!! I ate here for lunch with fellow yelper, Chelsea J. and had an awesome experience!  The food I had was absolutely delicious.  While the food tasted healthy and fresh, it was so full of flavor.  I also had a really yummy juice mix.  The drinks were juiced in front of us while we waited, which I think adds to the experience.  It's obvious that this place takes pride in the food and drinks they offer to their customers, and I think it's pretty awesome that it is available in the Mountlake Terrace/Shoreline area.  This is a place I would expect to find in the U District or Downtown Seattle.  They have refrigerated prepared foods and desserts that include vegan and gluten free options.  I didn't get anything to go, but everything looked delicious.  If I was a member of the gym next door, I would be hitting up this place nonstop!
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,6/1/2014,341,577,5,13,9>This is the best restaurant I've dined at in Seattle. My bf brought me here for our anniversary and we were both very impressed--with the VIP treatment, food, drinks, live music, and ambiance. An excellent restaurant to take someone special for a celebratory occasion.To list a few of my favorite things...1. Phenomenal food. We each did four courses. Between the two of us we ordered the smoked salmon, potato and leek soup with truffle oil, prawns,, and hashami.  For entrees we split the whole roast duck. For dessert he ordered the creme brulee and I ordered the souffle. Everything was perfectly seasoned, cooked, and executed. Our food was brought out at exactly the same time in a synchronized manner. Delicious food you will be hard pressed to encounter elsewhere in Seattle.2. Only valet parking and they recall your vehicle when you are finished dining and have your car waiting for you when you step outside. Two people to open doors, one for you, one for your passenger.3. They heat your jackets up. I walked into the lobby when we were finished and noticed a man warming my jacket by fire, before he put it on me.4. Ambiance. Candles, white linen cloths, live piano music.5. Service. Our waiter, Nick, was the most eager to please waiter I've ever had. Amazing. Highly recommend Canlis for an enchanting evening you won't forget.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/31/2014,125,163,9,9,7>This is my own little hidden gem. I'll tell you about it, but don't tell anyone else, ok?Bay Cafe is right on the fisherman's terminal. Look around and you'll see real live fisherman, filling up on their last great meal before they go out to sea.I love their benedicts. You have to try the seafood benedict with shrimp, scallops, and crabmeat.  And I love their cinnamon buns. I mean, it might kill you with sweetness (and cholesterol, thanks to the scoop of melted butter on top of icing), but you're going to die very happy. And isn't that what you always wanted?The service is always chipper, the coffee is always flowing, the views are fantabulous, the portions are huge, and most importantly, the nums are delicious. But let's keep this one between me and you, alright?
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/30/2014,68,801,7,11,7>We couldn't get in to Walrus and the Carpenter (surprise) on a Saturday night, but the hostess recommended BAOH. It was awesome and we didn't have to wait a second for a seat. We arrived during Happy Hour on a Saturday night. We each got a couple of Oysters - duh, Oyster House. This was my first time eating raw oysters on the half shell. They were.... oceany. But good. They brought the oysters out with some sauces that helped me along my raw journey. Otherwise I think it would just be too much for me. We also ordered the Poutine. It was really really good. Who knew fries and clam chowder would be so tasty!!! HIghly recommend.For dinner, my husband and I shared the Prawn Scampi. It came on a bed of Risotto and broccoli. The prawns were big and very flavorful. The risotto was slightly bland, but it was nice. Wouldn't want it overpowering the prawns. The oysters, poutine and Scampi (half a Scampi, since I shared the meal) was more than enough for me. I was pretty sated. We didn't get dessert, but my Bellini was sweet enough to keep me happy. The love the decor. Big, high ceilings made it feel really huge. Very loud, though. Friendly staff. They were very patient with us when we took forever to decide. Great place!
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,5/29/2014,750,55,18,27,16>Tucked inside of  Hotel Max lies a beastly massive burning inferno, goblin and smokin   up more trees than all the stoners in WA state!!!  Once walking in, you are greeted with a 16 foot chiefs counter where this is my favorite place to sit and behind that is where all the magic happens! Meats are the star of the show at this establishment.  If animals could talk they would be fighting over who gets to be on that "Spotlight" of the custom tailored 9ft Grill Works Inferno as if this were a Victoria Secret Fashion show.  Since opening five months ago I have been here about ten times. On average that's me coming here two times a month  and that is because the James Beard Award Winning Chef Jason Wilson really kills the competition with Wood Fire Cooking.  Food:Butter Lettuce Wedge - One of my dining friends ordered dish and  the bacon the highlight of this salad.  I thought it was a good salad even though I mostly just ate all the bacon.  Keep in mind every dining experience I normally stick to getting just meats and sweets because vegetables are gross and I have hated them since I was born.Beef Taretare- Not the best taretare I have ever had but it is really good quality.  I just wish that they used something else besides the bread slice to go with the dish.  75 day Prime Niman Ranch Bone In Ribeye for 2-  The meat on a stick weighs in around 3 to 4 lbs.  I love my meat rare and it was cooked perfectly every time!   Given that the meat was aged for 75 days the flavor was more intense and very tender.  And the meat to pure fat ratio was spot on!  *** (This may be kind of embarrassing to share but there have been a couple times that I have ordered the Ribeye for 2 and ate the whole thing by myself.)***Bone In Short Rib- A must try!  I don't like the using the term "Melt in your Mouth" often but the Bone in Short Rib to me really is like a meat ice cream to me.  First off the beef short rib is one of the fattier cuts of the cow which gives it that great flavor and its been sous vide for 48 hours making it "Melt in your mouth. ***(Another embarrassing note to share is I really wish they had a dish called Rack of Bone In Short Rib that way I get more bang for my buck.  I would be a full happy camper)***
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/28/2014,49,359,7,11,9>When I saw this bakery at the end of last year, I did not realize it's the one I had bookmarked in Yelp for so long!! I'm glad I checked it out and finally went inside for some yummy food!Seriously... what a delight. The customer service was amazing and the cakes and pastries SO GOOD. My husband called his pecan bar "STUPID GOOD" when he tried it! I was so surprised by the cakes -- light and fluffy, not overly sweet, perfection. The frosting was also light and fluffy and not like other frostings that seem to get more solidified. I tried a slice of tiramisu -- heavenly...seriously. I **NEED** to go back here to try more of the goodies. I'm pretty sure everything will be amazing. I'm also keeping this place in mind for specialty whole cakes because the ones I saw there were GORGEOUS! The only kind of negative I can think of (besides this place not delivering or being right next door) is that the cookie I tried was more on the crispy side than chewy. This I know is a personal preference though, and it really was one darn good crispy cookie!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/27/2014,114,275,10,18,12>Maybe it's taken me too long to write about this place because of the following reasons:1) It's busy, so I don't want any y'all fools to know about it2) There's complimentary wine tasting next door.. so you can decide what you want for dinner.. or at least get a pre-dinner buzz3) It's big enough to be heard of by fellow foodies, but small enough to have still yet to be tasted by many..Make a reservation for this adorable, well-serviced restaurant. The food is made with quality, and you really can't go wrong with any item you pick.  However, somebody at the table BETTER order the flavor curve.. this steak is one of the BEST steaks I've ever had.. better than Canlis.. better than some Waygus!  I'm not kidding.. it's delicious... I normally don't encourage when more than 1 person orders the same dish, but in this case, the more flavor curve, the better! It's a serious full flavored cut of meat, that's lightly seared on the outside, creating the most perfect delicate crisp.. The inside is tender, juicy, and in my case, on the rare side.  A winning combination!  For the quality of the food and service, this place is definitely affordable, making it a great spot for a dinner of all occasions.. even if it's just "Hungry Mondays".. or Tuesdays.. or really just any day that ends with "Y."
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/26/2014,170,230,9,12,11>Huge omelettes and unlimited hashbrowns? If you're ready to give up your diet for the day, this is definitely the place to go.We came here around lunch time, and of course, there is a huge line because everybody just wants to eat brunch on a Saturday afternoon when it's raining. You step in and put your name down and then they tell you that you can either wait outside or wait in the games room. We decided to just wait outside like the others were. The staff told us it would be about a 20-25 minute wait but we did end up waiting around 30-35 minutes. Standing in line sort of sucked since the people behind us were smoking, and I apologize but, I'm not a big fan of second hand smoke, thanks.So we finally got called in and put at our little booth table. Beth's cafe is definitely not the most romantic looking spot ever. To be honest, it's actually pretty run down and sort of dirty. I wouldn't wear your best clothing here. The place is filled with tons of drawings. You can ask your waiter for paper and crayons if you want. If you can find a spot on the wall, they'll let you post your image wherever you want.Anyways, this place is known for their huge portions of yummy, fatty, delicious, greasy food. And yes, it'll probably be worth all those calories.So we ended up getting a 6 egg omelette filled with chili and cheese. We shared a plate, which costs 1.50$ more but who cares since you're getting a huge omelette and unlimited hashbrowns. It also comes with toast and they use Franz bread for pretty much all their bread options. They have strawberry and marion berry jam. I got the strawberry and it was pretty good. If you are a fan of chili, then you will probably like the Southwestern omelette. However, we thought it was good, but not the best thing ever. There is another omelette on the menu called the Triple Bypass which has three different kinds of delicious meat. We got that the first time we came to Beth's and I think we prefer that one over the Southwestern. For some reason, the mix of chili and eggs just wasn't the best combination for us. But none the less, we devoured it all anyways. The hashbrowns are great, they are crisp on the top and still all warm and oily on the inside. I like to smother mine is ketchup, and thank God they have big ketchup bottles. You can ask them for hot sauce and they will give you four different kinds. My boyfriend, being the spice fan he is, likes the habenero one the most.Unlimited hashbrowns - take advantage of it. Just keep getting more and more plates worth because it's not going to cost you anything!We only ordered one extra plate of hashbrowns before calling it good. It was pretty cheap too. Our omelette only costed us around 12$ and it fed the both of us for the next like, 6 hours. We didn't feel hungry at all, probably because all those starchy potatoes and eggs had filled our stomachs to the brim. Plus, it also made us fall asleep right when we got home. :) I saw a ton of people order the pancakes and they are massive! They look so fluffy and delicious. I think I'll try that next time.However the next time we get an omelette, I think we'll stick with our Triple bypass. :)
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/25/2014,186,474,6,9,8>Super cute, very well-curated little mercantile! I love the mix of pantry staples like Campbell's and Annie's and local, ready-to-eat goods. Not the widest selection (this ain't Safeway) but they manage to have it all - dry goods, produce, wine & beer, even little home decor items and hostess gifts. Love that there's a tap for draft beers and a spot to hang out and enjoy a pint (or glass of wine? I think). I'm just super excited and relieved because if I find myself in need of a mixer or coffee cream, I don't have to trudge up to 15th anymore - I can just pop downstairs! The convenience can't be beat, and I love to support local small business owners. Truly, a great addition to 19th.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,5/24/2014,381,768,6,9,7>This is my favorite Ethan Stowell restaurant so far... and I've been to his more notable ones Anchovies & Olives and How to Cook a Wolf too. The decor is in line with his other spots; rustic and open kitchen style. I loved that. Everything about my experience here was fantastic, from grabbing a happy hour cocktail at the bar, to the dining table, and service, etc.The four of us ordered the risotto balls, fennel sausage pizza and the lamb pasta. Surprisingly this was enough for us because everything was a good portion and SO tasty. I'm sure we could've ordered one more, but we were at a happy comfort level.My favorite was the lamb pasta and I'm not usually a lamb fan. The papardelle was chewy and perfectly cooked. The lamb was tender and fall off the bone juicy. Our server was so sweet, she grabbed us some house bread after our meal so we could soak up the sauce from the pasta. We didn't fill up on bread beforehand so this was the perfect way to end the meal.We ordered the pizza because the table next to us got it, and we just had to get it. The visual representation was enough to sway us and we were so happy about our decision. Loved the zucchini on the pizza because it added a nice soft crunch to the cheesiness and meatiness of the sausage.The fried risotto balls were OK, it wasn't what I was expecting, but it was still tasty.Overall, I would love to come back because the food and service was top notch! Parking in the area is a bit of a pain though.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,6/9/2010,683,1119,20,12,15>I find it so offensive when people neglect to talk about the quality of the coffee at an espresso stand that just happens to have an attractive barista present. My cappuccino was perfectly blended and had a terrific slight hint of nutmeg, quality coffee perfectly roasted complimented the concoction that had just right amount of foam. Really terrific! Only focusing on the attendant is odious , chauvinistic and crass. deplorable really. Have we become that juvenile? Thankfully, Cowgirls excels at coffee. Oh and the small waisted big casaba'ed hottie honey was very sweet.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,6/7/2010,123,127,14,12,12>I don't know how many different ways you can make certain Thai dishes like pad thai or pad see ew but some places do make them better than others and their food makes me say YUMMY!!very cute and cozy interior and the booths were very comfy!  all the servers/hosts are very friendly and our service always seems to be pretty prompt!  the spring rolls are yummy the curries also but my favorite of course is the pad see ew!  for some reason it's just very delicious!  just pay atterntion to the driveway you turn into cuz for some reason I always find myself turning into oobas! (which is yummy also)on a final note/warning be aware that if you dip your nephews binky in thai iced tea it may result in an all night marathon of Handy Manny before the kid falls asleep at 11 pm!  (don't look at me!  his daddy thought it would be a good idea to give him a taste!)  =D
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,6/6/2010,101,157,8,9,9>Wait.  This place is a restaurant?  Half a dozen trips to the Stumptown Coffee next door, and I thought this place was just a competing coffee shop I never got around to.Thanks Yelp for introducing me to Café Presse!  Walked through the deceivingly small entrance, past the narrow bar, down a dark hallway to the backroom, squeezing into the narrow gaps between the tiny square top tables. (We eventually commandeered two tables because we ordered so much food)But the FOOD!  When I saw the menu was in French, I think I may have wriggled in excitement and clapped my hands together.  Several squeals may have been emitted.Charcuterie assortment!  Silky mousse Patés, salami, rilletes with tiny crystals of salt sprinkled throughout, thinly sliced tongue (don't be scared....)French Onion soup - Thank you Café Presse, for knowing that salty does NOT flavorful make.  Huge portion of this, btw, and Delicious. Mussels in a creamy slightly lemony broth perfectly offset by pine nuts and spinach.French fries and mayo!  Real baguettes!  Free WiFi?  Open till 2am?  To Go Menu until 1:45am?  I want to GO to there!  Now!And service was cool, slightly friendly if not enthused.  Vive la France!
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,6/3/2010,478,401,11,15,15>The Crawfish Etouffe over eggs and cheesy grits were AMAZING!!  And my friend's Croque Madame was absolutely magnificent.  I might even venture to say that it is better than the Croque Madame at Cafe Presse.  I didn't think that was possible until now!My Bloody Mary was a bit on the sour side--too much lime I think, but other than that, I love Toulouse Petit!!
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,6/2/2010,601,289,17,21,20>this place has some serious mojo going on!  their use of dark furniture, the big windows with a view of the skyline, their delicious drinks... their use of lines...beautiful. if you're more into the content of the place rather than the aesthetics, i suggest you check out their cocktails.  though i did not have their delicious looking cocktails (because of lent), i did have a glass of their house pinot and... *whew* it was goood.  i think i told joel, the bartender that i was in love with it and wanted to marry it.  (yes, it was that good that it'll make you say some crazy things...)i'm so use to house reds being this horribly cheap, terrible, thing they try to call "wine" but this house red... mmmm so good.... the only reason why i'm docking a star is because of their small beer selection.  pbr and rainier only?  such a classy place with such un classy beers... give me a manny's at least! or guiness! or something!i could go on and on about why this place is such a great bar.  instead, i suggest you go down there and check it out yourself.  it is gorgeous.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,6/1/2010,173,265,7,9,11>Gorilla?  Really?I still love this place, has a crazy large insane collection of games and if you're not a huge gamer you will be amazed at the price tags on some of these things.  Just a shame, as the Godzilla name was so much more memorable.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,5/31/2010,76,510,15,19,17>Caramel sauce!!!!!!! Now that I have your attention, the actual review:P&P has been on my list to try for at least 4yrs. I only just went here recently because I heard they have a brunch menu. I knew it was the place for our monthly brunch club to meet because I am the Brunch Czar and I say where we go. Ahem.They open at 10am on Sunday, so we arrived a little after that with plenty of street parking and seating options inside. It's larger than it used to be, since they took over the little crafty/art/import store next door. Floor to ceiling windows let in tons of light and the pub goes back quite a ways where it's dark, if you prefer that. They have scrambles, burritos, breakfast sandwiches, eggs benedict, french toast, and biscuits/gravy. The price point for entrees is $5-8 each, so you can pick a couple to share, which is great.In addition to the brunch menu, they can serve you from their lunch stuff, which is where the pies and pints varieties reside. There are daily specials of pie, mac&cheese, and soup. They have a "megamosa" which is a pint of mimosa. There's also a bloody mary and Irish coffee too. They're priced $5-6.Service was swell. She was informative and patient and we received our food in a good amount of time. There is regular syrup AND caramel sauce for our french toast (3 or 4 huge slices). The caramel sauce was awesome and perfect to go along w/ the tart slices of Granny Smith apples.The (4) biscuits with sausage gravy were topped with two eggs made the way you want (w/o the egg, it was a dollar cheaper I think). I asked for my eggs over medium, but they arrived too hard.  Not a big deal because everything else tasted good. The biscuits were fluffy and not crumbly like I was expecting and the gravy was everywhere. :)The others enjoyed their burrito, scramble and breakfast sandwich.  We left full and happy, this is why I'm the Brunch Czar.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,5/30/2010,300,256,8,12,11>Four people and a television marathon = family bucket of spicy friedchicken, buttery rolls, sweet potato pie, peach cobbler, coleslaw, andmashed potatoes and gravy.The chicken has a phenomenal crust, light and flaky but very spicy.(The regular is good but spicy is superior.) Their rolls are ParkerHouse style, very buttery and best eaten straight out of the bag.While sweet potato pie is certainly a good speciality, the peachcobbler is a dense, sugary mess of amazingness.Sides aren't all spectacular but I'm hardly one to say no to comfort food.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,5/29/2010,942,857,15,13,11>Tucked away in between the flying fish, and umi sake house is this quaint little restaurant that was formally known as the apartment, and  is now named the list. Catchy names but it doesn't tickle my fancy.So on one of my networking days, I met up with one of my planners and had happy hour at the list, and I kid you not, I was actually dreading meeting her there. I just thought this place would be one of those "hang out" places in belltown where the people were really emotional, and the food was horrific. But to my dismay, I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was really attentive, and extremely gregarious. I must admit that I came in there with low expectations, and leaving pleased beyond belief. (so good I came back with a friend and it was as good as the first time)Things to order- hangar one raspberry vodka with soda water and a wedge of orange- gnocchi with light creme sauce and a drizzle of truffle oil! - fries- grilled octopus salad- clamsalso a side note: the lighting is really dim, so if you wanted to bring a date there when you're not looking your best, it's totally fine hahaha dim lighting on anybody is great
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,5/28/2010,98,643,9,13,10>This place is a breath of fresh air........of croissants, glazed pastries, baguettes, and toasty sandwiches. I wish Seattle had more places such as this! Its bright inside, opening windows let you peer out while taking in its warm environment. If not for social awkwardness I would cocoon myself in a giant blanket, book, tea n' pastry by the windows during Seattle's winter. Everything is done from scratch. The toasty baguette sandwiches are defiantly a must-get! Another perk: Free parking! Be sure to slow down or you'll miss it. Its adjacent to the bakery and you don't even have to leave the garage to get inside. There is a little backside entrance that takes you straight inside. Je taime!!!
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,10/9/2013,346,151,8,13,10>I had the best brisket sandwich ever here! We were going out for drinks at the Snoqualmie Falls Brewery for my buddy's birthday and we decided to stop here for dinner and I'm really glad we did. That night I had the best brisket sandwich ever! My first thought when we rolled up to this place was "this is it?!" This place is located next to a small grocery store and almost looks like it's a part of it. It's very unassuming and not what I would expect when going out for great BBQ. But like a lot of hole in the wall places, this place has amazing food.I actually wanted to get the pulled pork, which my friends assured me was delicious but just my luck they had run out. I decided I would try the brisket and I'm very glad I did. My plate comes out and the sandwich just looked delicious, without even trying it I knew I had made a good second choice. The bun was big and nicely toasted, just how I like it. The brisket itself was so tasty and perfectly cooked. I added some of their house made BBQ sauce and it really made the sandwich shine. The coleslaw they put on the sandwich was delicious too and a nice touch. At first I had thought about removing it, since I don't usually enjoy coleslaw but I'm glad I didn't as it added some great depth and flavor to the already amazing tasting sandwich.I should mention that the staff working that night was quick and friendly which I always appreciate.I'm definitely a fan of this place and if you are ever in the area you should stop by and give it a try! I'll definitely be back again and again.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,10/8/2013,47,164,16,17,13>You know what? I'm so glad that they offer their ice cream in grocery stores because otherwise the frequency with which I would come here would be embarrassing.I love their horchata icecream. LOVE. Love so much that one day I came to get some twice. Love so much that I eat it in the wintertime and I never eat anything cold in winter. Love so much that I had to move out of my apartment that was on the same block so that I wouldn't turn into a human-shaped ball of ice cream.Maybe that last part isn't true, but it's delicious. All of their milk is locally-sourced and the ingredients are fresh and organic when they can get it. Try the vanilla bean... it is a vanilla explosion. I haven't tried many flavours because I love the horchata so much that I stick with it, but I will. This place is pretty cozy and never all that busy. The staff is friendly and patient ... maybe I should take advantage and try more flavours. Oh, and their waffle cones taste good too! Best ice cream on the Hill, hands down.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,10/7/2013,325,189,5,7,5>In honor of Pi Day, I decided to review Pie. What a delicious little shop and great addition to the Armory! I have had both the sweet and savory pies, and I must say, I haven't had one that I don't like yet. The chicken pot pie was great - the chicken was tender and the vegetables were tasty. They even use the right amount of gravy. I have also tried one with egg, potatoes, mushrooms, and cheese - an omelette pie, so to speak. The key lime is also tasty with just the right balance between sweet and tart. I could use a little less crust around the edges, but other than that I am usually not disappointed. I think the prices are pretty reasonable, especially when you are just trying to grab a quick lunch. The staff at this location are also very friendly.Go try a pie from Pie. You will be very satisfied by 3.14159265 repeating ratio...and the taste too, I guess.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,10/6/2013,43,192,6,10,6>I knew I wanted to get my first tattoo on my 25th birthday, and I knew that I was interested in supporting a local, well-rated, woman-owned* place staffed with nice people. After hunting around on Yelp, I settled on Two Birds. I'd heard of it before because it advertises in The Stranger sometimes.I called two weeks in advance of my birthday, and the nice gentleman on the line penciled me in. I took the last slot of the day. They're very busy and get booked up fast, so I would recommend calling at LEAST two weeks in advance if you have a specific date in mind, particularly if it's a weekend date - 3-4 weeks might be better.I showed up yesterday (my birthday!) a little early, because I was nervous and because I wanted to make sure they had all the information I had sent in. I had an appointment with Suzy (the co-owner), who was not quite ready to work with me because she needed to eat her lunch, because she is a person - but she did still sit down with me for a minute before taking her break, which was really cool of her. (At first she didn't seem very personable, but she was great after she got to eat, which leads me to conclude that she is the type of person who gets crabby when she's hungry. My boyfriend and my sister are like that, too, so I didn't mind.)ANYWAY, when Suzy got back from lunch we discussed the phrase that I wanted tattooed, the font, the sizing, the ink, and the placement. She resized the phrase for me so that it would fit better on the top of my shoulder, where I wanted it, and she didn't mind redoing the stencil when I decided it wasn't in quite the right spot. In short, she was entirely professional and respectful, and gave me all the help and the space necessary for me to make my decision. It was obvious that she wanted me to be happy with my tattoo. She also let me bring three of my friends in to watch and to talk to me during the process, which really helped me relax.I was so nervous before getting my tattoo that I peed twice in the half hour before my appointment. But you guys, tattoos feel like nothing! "That's it?" I asked, once Suzy started in. "It feels like I'm a beekeeper and a handful of my bees got really mad at me at once, but it's not bad at all!"Suzy was done with the tattoo in about fifteen minutes and it looked AMAZING. At first she'd had some misgivings about the font (it's cursive script and a little intricate) but she duplicated it beautifully, with fine, controlled lines.Afterward, I got the spiel on how to take care of my new tattoo, and I paid up. I'd already put in the $60 deposit, so I only had to pay another $25 (minus tip). Pretty inexpensive considering that it will last for years and years.Thank you to Suzy and to Two Birds Tattoo for making my 25th birthday memorable and special!*I think it's hilarious that some two stars dude called Two Birds out for its "feminist" vibe. A) You can't tell that a place is feminist just because women like it! and B) If Two Birds IS feminist, that's a good thing, y'know?
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,10/5/2013,167,252,4,6,6>Checked this place out again since they have moved to Fremont, and what a delight.  The space is totally awesome, and my girlfriend loved our table, which was tucked away from the rest of the house.  As for the dishes, everything we ordered was marvelous.  The spicy rice cakes reminded me of a childhood Korean classic, but done in a different way.  The smoke tofu was delicious and served very cold, which was refreshing.  As for the kalbi burger and steaks, the meat is exactly how I desired: rare in the middle, seared on the outside and perfectly seasoned and flavorful.Our waitress was an absolute pro and the lady loved this place for her birthday dinner, which paid off in spades!The confusing part about finding Joule is that it's right next door to the Whale Wins, with zero signage, we were easily confused.  So beware!
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/4/2013,200,357,8,9,10>My awesome specimen of manliness, surprised me with a birthday dinner in the private room upstairs, that opens up onto the patio and a gorgeous view of the water.Since I am usually the one to pick out fun culinary adventure, I was pleasantly surprised. Madison Park Conservatory is not a big restaurant, but they serve up some fantastic flavors. Granted, it is not a small price tag, but hey, did you expect anything else in Madison park ;-)The private dining room, which I highly recommend for parties of 10-14 people, resembled an elegant room in a private home. Beautiful thick wood table with crisp white linens and a library wall. Keep the patio door open for fresh air and a beautiful view. Service was impeccable. Attentive without intrusiveness, our server was ready with menu and wine suggestions and plenty of humor.Our party shared a lot of dishes. Most of the menu, in fact. Here are some notable items, although Conservatory's menu changes frequently: - Deviled Eggs. This is a house specialty, and they are worth at least having one. - Fresh Oysters. I always prefer kushi or kumamoto, and usually pass on other varieties. - Grilled Beef Tongue. Melt in your mouth tender & rich, an absolute must. - Seared Scallops. Perfect sear, but one of the accompaniments blew me away. It was a mixture of wild mushrooms, lightly smoked and sauteed - absolutely delicious.  - Rib eye steak. No description required. Gorgeous piece of meat cooked to a med-rare perfection.Plenty of great wines to choose from to compliment your meal.My friends and I had a wonderful time. You can't go wrong with this establishment for any occasion!
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,10/3/2013,101,183,8,9,9>I can't believe I've never been to Quinn's until now, given the number of years I've lived here and their reputation for an amazing burger. I've had it bookmarked for a while, but somehow never got around to trying it...until I got called out by fellow Yelper Gorman E. for having a "Best Burger" list that did not include Quinn's burger. Ouch. That was the perfect nudge to pop in on a Sunday and see what all the hype was about.The Painted Hills Beef Burger was, indeed, amazing. The patty was thick and perfectly medium-rare, as requested, and needed no fancy accoutrements for enhancement: bacon, cheese, brioche bun. Boom. Perfection.My boyfriend had the WIld Boar Sloppy Joe and was very happy with it, although he did wish there was a little more bread included. We also shared the Housemade Pretzel with a tasty Welsh rarebit dipping sauce and the Foie Gras Frites. Oh. My. God. The Foie Gras Frites!!! My mouth is watering just thinking about them!I realize I just outed myself as as over-indulger on Sunday cheat days, but that's the point, right?
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,10/2/2013,21,56,16,12,7>Hold on, let me try to fit myself between the chair and the desk...Novilhos.. is basically a meat lover lover. I, the meat lover, love it and it gives me the kind of love back that's hard to find elsewhere. Novilhos has a bit of a fancy, upscale feeling but it's just got many people in it trying to fight the meat sweats like everyone else. First, the salad bar alone has a pretty good selection - from risotto to a giant cheese wheel to ravioli, etc etc. Then you sit down, and flip the button green side up. That's when Jesus returns to Earth. I think. Many, many different kinds of meats from sirloin steak to bacon wrapped filet mignon to lamb chops and so on traveling around from table to table. Quite honestly, sometimes it can be a little overwhelming, the speed at which the meats show up at your table. Feel free to say no, and wait for something else, if you'd like. One nice thing is you can just ask for a specific cut. For example, I really wanted to try the lamb chop, but it kept failing to make it to my table, other people would take them all. So I asked the waitress and voila, 2 minutes later, a man walked up with what I asked for. Yes, it's pricey, it's not exactly a weekly dinner place or anything, but once in a while, I think the price is worth it considering how many different things are available. Also, don't forget! They have Happy Hour during the week. Mon-Fri 4-7pm you can order from a menu like the mortals and enjoy the Brazilian fare without exploding.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,10/1/2013,220,123,8,12,9>The last cupcakes I will ever try. Cupcake royale cupcakes ruined me for ANY other cupcake... I can taste the quality of the ingredients used, omg. The consistency of the cake is delicate and fine. I can tell pastry flour is used, not bulky all purpose flour. There is Not gaping air bubble pockets or any overly eggy boingyness to the texture. The frosting is smooth! Not the average gritty overly sweet butter cream we all know from crappy bakeries. They offer unique and delectable flavors. (Lavender! Yum!) terimisu, carrot cake and chocolate bunny were all chow. I have only been inside of the location once myself and the customer service was very pleasing. The barista guy working was a nice fellow who offered genuine conversation. Not pretentious, awkward service or scornful under paid resentment like a lot of coffee shops near closing hour.4 stars: awesome product, good service, high price. The price is standard for specialty cupcakes, but damn. I suppose if they were any cheaper I would be over weight. (No offense) They offer vegan and gluten free, too. Just in chocolate, I think.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,9/30/2013,116,49,14,16,12>One of Auburn's little saving graces. Since the drive-in is toast, I feel like it's one of three reasons to go that city outside of taking a flight lesson or buying a car.Jason's Coffee Shop & Fine Baked Goods is a long title for everything the owner provides. With the number of accolades he's accrued, I almost feel like he could just call it Jason's. Fans would still know exactly what you were talking about.Across the street from the Auburn Medical Center, the establishment is a 106 year old small red grandma's house-looking cafe with front steps and a ramp for those wheel-bound...or enjoy taking the scenic route to the front door. Outside, you're greeted to a very homey atmosphere that welcomes you in with the fresh aroma of baked spices and breads that are made fresh every morning. I don't know how much sleep this guy gets, but anyone up before God hits His first snooze deserves a ribbon.Jason is a very easy-going and patient guy with a great sense of humor. He'll wait with the first-timers and answer and all questions you may have. At least, all that I had. I ordered a caramel cappuccino and a turkey cranberry cream cheese turnover. Not being a connoisseur of coffee, I can only say that I enjoyed the beverage wholly. It wasn't too sweet and the caramel flavor didn't strengthen at the bottom. It was even throughout. That turnover though... Give me a second while I wipe my mouth.A minimally flaky, soft, Ritz-standard bread that held inside the makings of taste budded miracles. The combination of the salt of the turkey, the tart sweetness of the cranberry, and the delicate textures of the cream cheese created the feeling of Thanksgiving in mouth.Because of the turkey and cranbe- whatever.You won't find this place decorated with anything from the latest spring catalog. This is Jason's and Jason's alone. In the main area, there's a couch, a table and some chairs. It's setup as if you were sitting in a living room. In the event you like extra cardio, you'll find more seating upstairs.You'll be hard-pressed to find a more personable environment in a bakery. At least, in Auburn. Every bit of of recognition has been earned. I like this place. If you can't tell.Go to JCS&FBG if you're in Auburn. Ever. Seriously.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,11/9/2014,75,125,6,12,9>Oh Big Picture how I love thee, if only you were closer so that I can continue our torrid love affair. I came to see the newest Wes Anderson flick here on a tuesday night after work. It wasn't too full and it was happy hour at the bar so I took advantage with a delicious key lime martini and a bucket full of the most delicious truffle popcorn I've ever had. We also ordered drinks to come to us halfway through the movie which, can I just say, is so convenient. It's a small, one screen theater with plush carpets and plenty of hideaway sofas tucked about for intimate conversations while you wait for the show. I don't believe it holds more than 30 people and that is just perfect for this location. My only complaint would be that the patrons tend to get loud when they get drunk, making silly comments throughout the show and that can really effect the ambience. Albeit that is clearly not a fault of the location as it is the alcohol and the people consuming it. It is on the pricy side, so if you frequent it you may need to pick up a second, or maybe third job. Check it out next time you're looking for a sweet spot to take your date. Arrive aryl, order a drink and find a comfortable sofa tucked away to whisper sweet nothings into their ear. Then move into the theater and be swept away into a fantasy world for a couple hours. You will have a lovely time and won't regret a moment of it.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,11/8/2014,132,180,6,5,11>Located on the corner building of the main entrance to Pike Place, upstairs across from Matt's in the Market. We came in on a Friday around 4pm and it was almost full. Our party of 6 was lucky enough to get a table but there is also decent bar space. HAPPY HOUR 4-6PM Their HH menu is written on a huge board on the left wall and includes special drinks and food.Tater Tots -- CRISPY! Hot tots with gravy and a fried egg. It's simple yet SOOO delicious!! Would definitely recommend to get and share, maybe...Fried Chicken Livers -- Great crust and fry that you almost couldn't tell you were eating livers. They were a bit too spicy for me though.Pulled Pork Sandwich -- I liked that this isn't a bbq pulled pork sandwich and included a generous amount of tender meat. It comes with an over easy egg and a bag of Fritos. This could've been better if the bun wasn't so soggy.Fried Pork Shank -- Big piece of fall-off-the-bone pork, with a crispy crunch. The herb aioli complimented the meat well and came with spicy goat horn peppers for a kick.All the drinks we had were strong and really good!! I got the King's Calling, which had rye, basil, and ginger beer. They have great recommendations and you can't go wrong with anything. Try to make a reservation if you know you want to stop by during a busy time.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,11/7/2014,115,109,8,7,9>Ping's is one of those places that's always on the shortlist of options.  Their location is ideal, being right outside the King Street Station and what awaits you inside is pure magic.  Below are some bullets of the highlights:1.  The staff, or should I say the husband and wife team that run the joint.  Mama Ping is an incredibly sweet lady who will recognize you after your first visit.  She always has great recommendations and loves to chat (although I admit I can't really catch most of what's said).  Baba Ping is one mean chef; I'm pretty sure he made some deal with the dumpling devil to get this good.2.  The food.  Sweet lord, the food.  If you don't feel like spending 200$ at Din Tai Fung the xiao long bao here are second to none.  Their assortment of normal dumplings are all incredible and at a cost of 5$/10 or so you can't go wrong.  I've not had a better, greasier, more hangover curier green onion pancake than those I consume here regularly.  There's also a wide selection of interesting offal: chicken hearts, gizzards, livers, etc.  The livers/gizzards were a little strange but the hearts are incredible.3.  The speed.  Come in here when there's only a few guests and you'll have your food within 10 minutes or less.4.  The price.  I love bringing new people here and feeding both of us for 15$.  Not just "oh that was a nice meal", we're talking gut busting super stuffed.Ping's is a delight and truly a treasure of the Seattle food scene.  I can't recommend them highly enough.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,11/6/2014,152,126,13,15,13>"Le Rêve" translates literally to "The Dream" in English and let me say, it was pretty dreamy. Not dreamy in like a Ryan Gosling/Channing Tatum/James Franco sense. But dreamy in a, "these baked goods are so good, I must be dreaming" kind of way.I ventured in on a Sunday for brunch and I realized how woefully little I have appreciated Upper Queen Anne. There's some cool stuff up there! I'm going to make a point to go up there more often. I have just scratched the UQA surface with Le Rêve.Right as you walk up you notice the cute garden exterior. If the weather is nice enough, I'd recommend sitting out there. If the weather is not nice enough (which is fairly likely if it's not June, July, or August), the inside feels very homey and comfortable too. It's not flamboyantly decorated, but the paintings on the wall do enough to make it feel sufficiently decorated.They have a sexy selection of pastries and stuff. Typical French options. Croissants, danishes, crepes, muffins, etc. There are even some things that you will struggle to pronounce unless you're intimately familiar with the language of love. They do have a lot of different croissants. The almond croissant looked delicious, but I couldn't bring myself to order it this time around since I had already ordered my weight in bread by the time I saw it! I tried the Kouign Amann, the cinnamon twist, and the crepe. All were very good. I'd get them again if there weren't dozens of other things that looked good that I wanted to try. I really enjoyed my crepe, but the Kouign Amann was probably my favorite. It's so incredibly dense and buttery on the inside. They should just call it the "I can't believe it's not butter" because it tasted like I was eating warm flaky butter. At least that would be easier to pronounce!The street parking is a little difficult, but keep looking and you'll be rewarded when you arrive at Le Rêve. I was very surprised that there really weren't very many people in there on Sunday at around 11 am. But the service was prompt and friendly and I've never been one to complain about a good thing.If you're looking for a quick bite for breakfast/brunch/lunch, Le Rêve is a solid choice. I'll certainly be back.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,11/5/2014,278,486,2,11,5>Craving a Cuban sandwich, but not quite enough to wait in an hour-long line at Paseo? Just a few doors down is Geo's Cuban and Creole Cafe, which offers deliciously messy, meaty sandwiches and other Cuban specialties without the wait.There's a small patio for outdoor dining, but the weather wasn't quite nice enough when we were there, so we sat in the smallish indoor dining area (just a handful of tables). It's nicely painted and decorated with art and knick-knacks. Order at the counter and your food will be brought out to you.The fluffy tostones come piping hot with garlic aioli and Geo's spicy Cajun mayo for dipping, a good appetizer for two to share. The pan con bistek is a must-try, stuffed with tender strips of marinated sirloin, sauteed onions, and spicy sauce on Cuban bread. You can also buy their house-baked Cuban bread to take with you for snacking on later. Cilantro haters, they'll work with you to figure out a sandwich you can eat without that soapy aftertaste.It seems to be owned by a husband-wife team, both of whom were there that day. The wife was friendly and helpful, answering questions about the menu and recommending dishes. The husband was working back in the kitchen, but popped his head out to ask how we liked our food. A cute and friendly place, and one we'd probably go to a lot more often if it were closer to us!
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,11/4/2014,73,323,6,17,12>When you take the entire dining experience into account, Canlis is a 5 for me. The food is really good, but what sets Canlis apart for me is the gracious, unpretentious service that you get. My wife and I recently got married, and I wanted a nice place to celebrate. The two of us were seated at a great table in the corner, with windows on two sides. It is interesting to see everyone dressed up (if you want to sit near the windows, then the guys have to wear a jacket) in laid-back Seattle. After looking at the menu, we both got the tasting menu:Amuse: three little bites of a mushroom tart, a Japanese cracker with wasabi, and the infamous tater tot. While all three were good, I could eat the tots all night.Soup of escarole, with small bits of olives and anchovies: the olives and fish provided the saltiness for the soup.Scallops: raw scallops with a really good crème fraiche sauce.Fluke: I was surprised how well the strawberry sauce worked with the fish. The nori added some good saltiness as well.Black cod: probably my favorite dish. It is buttery, and is served with a piece of its crispy skin.Pork three ways: this was also high on the list. You can't go wrong with pork belly, and the tenderloin piece was so moist and flavorful.Dessert amuse: strawberry sorbet. This was a good way to start the desserts: we were so full at this point that we were glad that we got a light dish.Apricots and chocolate: it was a nice touch that they wrote congrats and had a candle (with edible fig holder) to make the cell phone photo better :) Again, we were so stuffed at this point, but I really liked the ice cream with what seemed like a malted milk ball crumble.At this point, I think that we were both close to being in food coma status. I did the wine pairing, and towards the end, I was just taking sips to make it through the nearly 4 hour epic meal. After the meal, they brought out a box filled with macarons: after seeing our faces (thinking about the prospect of more food), the server was nice enough to box a few of them for us to take home, along with a peanut butter and jelly chocolate bar.As I said earlier, the food is great, but with makes the experience great is the service. Everyone seemed genuinely friendly and wished us congratulations. It is a pricey and high-end restaurant, but you won't get any snobby attitude here. With the ticketless valet, the great views, the really good food, the great service, and more importantly, the smiles and well wishes at every turn, it is hard to imagine a better dining experience in Seattle.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,11/3/2014,112,562,9,15,13>I'm a huge fan of anything garlic making this one of my favorite places to eat. I was originally disappointed to see this was not as fabulous as the more swanky Bellevue location, but this strip mall spot is great for a quick lunch. Menu items seem similar with that divine taste that may not be suitable for all foodies. I did laugh to myself that there was a sign alerting people that most food tasted strongly of garlic. I was quite pleased with all the paper signage on the wall by the register which seemed to provide instructions for all types of dietary restrictions. Most important to me was the separate vegan list, but this place seems to know their menu well if you are a person who is concerned about certain ingredients. I'm a huge fan of the zahra and try to get it on most visits. I love cauliflower in most forms but with the tahini sauce it is out of this world. I also really enjoy the tabouli which is more parsley than grain which is hard to come by these days. Menu items come with pita bread as well, but if you are like me you won't have room in your stomach to eat it. Everything on the menu looks and sounds delicious, its so hard to choose. I do appreciate that they have a sampler option for just this occasion. While I agree that not everyone will love this food, those that do love this type of food, will love this food. I must warn you though my sister who seems to have some sort of aversion to garlic did complain about  my breath for many hours after this meal so you may need to plan accordingly. I think its well worth it though, I've never had a bite of anything I didn't love and I really could eat it 3 times a week if I was closer. Yum.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,11/2/2014,70,71,7,8,7>Grill Poetry: Normally I prefer to try a place a time or two Before writing any official review. It's not often that a meal completes me,Millers Guild is soo good you must go and eat thee.As a part time vegetarian I'm not one to encourage loads of meatBut a flame roasted menu this impressive is quite the feat.In front of the roaring fire we decided to dine,On shrimp, veggies and steak. Even some swine!When the time arises I surely shall return Until then my passion for this establishment will continue to burn.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/1/2014,156,59,7,11,10>I went in here searching for a leg of lamb, I walked out with something better and a desire to come back as soon as possible.First Impressions- It was so nice and clean!  Everything from the surfaces, to the displays, to where the staff was working in the back was absolutely pristine.  I hadn't been here before, so sometimes, you wonder what you might be getting yourself into when it comes to raw meat handling.  My worries were assuaged very quickly.Customer Service- AWESOME!  SO AWESOME!  On so many levels!  First, we were quickly and warmly greeted by a nice lady.  We told her what we were looking for, and she regretted to inform us that she didn't have it.  However, she went to the back to check anyway (thank you for customer service initiative).  Confirming her fears, they didn't have it, but she pulled in another staff member to see if there was something else that would work.  He listened to what we were making and gave us a breakdown of the options he had and how they would impact our cooking.  For example, he made a suggestion, but warned us it would take forever to cook.  I really appreciated that because I wouldn't have known any better.  He even made a suggestion as to something that would work really well, but mentioned that it was really pricey for what we were doing.  At this point, we didn't care.  If it tasted good, we were willing to spend on such excellent customer service and information.  This is something you will NOT get at the grocery store.  Quality- We got some lamb tenderloin, and he asked us how we wanted it cut.  It was SO NICE to have someone else cut the meat because that is one of my least favorite parts of cooking. The cuts were exactly as I wished, and the quality of the meat was just fabulous (both in how it was cut and how it tasted in the dish).  We also decided to pick up some chicken breasts for some skewers we were making; again, the quality of this meat was clearly better than anything I would have gotten at the store.This place was great; 6 stars!
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,10/31/2014,416,153,17,22,18>After experiences ranging from bipolar to consistently lackluster with other CSAs, I'm pretty overjoyed to have found a company that delivers a consistently ample, hardy and super-fresh batch of produce weekly to our doorstep.I am extremely impressed, three boxes in, with the quality, value and diversity. I get the bigger box ($49 weekly) and I've come to rely on its arrival, not having to make as many market trips when produce gets low. The amounts are great for us (we eat vegetables at every meal--I scramble them into eggs in the morning, and yes, I even make my kids eat salads for breakfast sometimes...I know, I'm a total dick!).Even in a tough growing year (droughts and deficits), I'm seeing good diversity of produce mixed in with the staples, and the easy online substitutions make it a breeze to avoid redundancies if you're slow to eat your beets ;)I just saw that they now have local duck eggs, which I proselytize about with some frequency, at a price that beats the lowest I've found (on Amazon Fresh). Brief cautionary tale: don't try making mayonnaise out of duck yolks. You're very welcome! Hollandaise, on the other hand, hells yes.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,7/1/2011,254,643,11,13,12>Hello Varro.  I'm Lily.  And I'm hungry!Thankfully, they delivered quickly to the hungry, hungry being that I was.We had:baked rigatoni & the fettucine al funghi, topped off w/ the tiramisu and biscotti, washed down w/ peroni, a blood & sand (lovely STRONG combo of vodka, blood orange, mint, basil, & grapefruit), and a little bit of Lavazza espresso.Don't you wish you had that meal?  I bet you do!  Well you can if you live in the Seattle area, you know.The only "oddity" is that I found the decor to be confusing - super chic & modern...but w/ a flat screen TV in the corner above the DJ stand?  That's just...weird.Besides the TV factor, it was great!  We'll be back for sure.  Props to JS when she said:"If the sight of over 40 year olds at Varro is enough to garner a 1 star review from another reviewer and will keep pretentious under 25 year old  hipsters from hanging out at Varro then I'm all for it."I couldn't agree more.  :)
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2011,6/30/2011,150,597,11,12,10>I wondered about the existence of two egg nests so close together. You've got Patty's Eggnest and Pete's Egg Nest just a short drive away. Is there any sort of underlying rivalry?  Do they have angry breakfast-offs on Sundays? Does Pete's put a space in the "Egg Nest" because of legal action from Patty?But those important questions aside, Patty's is a reasonable place to pick up a hearty breakfast. In the catalog of breakfast places, Patty's would qualify as more of an old school diner: it's a little weather-beaten, the waitress called me "hon", fixtures look as if they're from the 60's or 70's (and not the fun psychedelic type), etc. The service was fairly quick and the coffee was standard drip. Since I've always believed that you should go with the specialty, I went with the Belltown Omelette; one of the meat-centric egg dishes. I found it fairly good although the hash browns were a little disappointing (mostly cold and barely cooked). Prices are appropriate and it's nice to find breakfast dishes that are priced in the single-digits. Overall, it's a generously portioned, basic breakfast place.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,6/29/2011,601,289,12,20,17>cucumber dry soda with vox vodkathat's right. cucumber dry soda with vox vodka.  say this over and over again if you're stressed from work, then head on over to suite 410 to unwind and relax.  Their space is absolutely effin gorgeous and was surprised to see it so empty on a saturday night.  i'm not complaining, but wow... oh... wow.... is this place pretty. it's the epitome of old meets new.  i love how it's a little hidden but it's not too hidden and so close to the tom douglas empires of dahlia and serious pie.  the bartender also made me some other great drinks that i don't remember the name of because i was just so absorbed by the cucumber dry soda with vox vodka. ....it makes me want to have a stressful day, just so i can have an excuse to go and have this drink.seriously great place to start the night or take a date.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,6/28/2011,461,411,9,11,13>Oh my god. Omigod omigod omigod. OH. MY. GOD.Hands down the BEST Mexican food my sister (who lives in Cali and was visiting) or I have EVER eaten! Absolutely phenomenal!!!!We got the tortilla soup, lentil soup, carne asada, mole verde chicken, creme brulee, and flan.The soups tasted like they were straight out of grandma's kitchen. Not that my grandma is Mexican. But if she were the best Mexican granny chef ever... this is what it would taste like. I was floored. If I had known lentil soup and tortilla soup could taste so good, it's all I would have eaten, all the time. FOREVER.The mole verde chicken was delicious (well balanced, but lacking a bit of kick and intrigue on the palate for my tastes), but totally overwhelmed by the awesomeness that was the carne asada. It was out of control. I'm surprised my sister didn't steal the last bite right out of my mouth. It was THAT GOOD.We both "mmmm'd" and "aaaaa'd" all the way through sopping up the last of every bit off our plates with tortillas.And then came desserts. We couldn't decide which we wanted. They both sounded phenomenal. So did the tequila whipped cream. And oh...oh gods. Our waitress was wonderful. She bought us our creme brulee and we ordered the flan. And the other waitress saw us twitching and giggling and practically orgasming out of our seats, and brought us a tiny taste of the tequila whipped cream to try with the creme brulee. INSANELY GOOD. ALL the desserts were INSANELY GOOD. My favorite was the creme brulee, but wow wow wow wow wow. WOW. Did I mention WOW?Our servers were all just outstanding. They took wonderful care of us, cracked jokes with us, and even took a picture of Mel and I licking our plate together. It was THAT GOOD. No, really. Don't take my word for it. Go eat it. And be prepared to be back in a couple hours for more.I was so impressed with the food and the staff that I ended up leaving a 50% tip. I am a serious service snob, so when I get service that is above and beyond outstanding, I am thrilled. El Mestizo, you thrill me. You've made loyal customers of us. Now and forever. Don't change a thing. Oh, and don't be surprised if you find us sleeping on your stoop waiting for you to open. Heart. This. Place.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,6/26/2011,239,280,12,11,11>Must. Have. The. Garlic. Bread. Here. Ok, one more time...Must. Have. The. Garlic. Bread. Here. Period.I love Earl's and you just can't go wrong with this place.  It's got a little bit of something for everyone.  I've been here several times and the food is good! Some faves include the spicy noodles or veggie quesadillas.  Whatever it is you order do yourself the biggest favor at Earl's - get yourself that Garlic Bread.  Do it. Just Do it. I'll spare you the description of the garlic bread because I won't do it any justice in describing it but if you order it, you'll understand.  Trust me.  The service here is great, lots of pretty girls running around who are very attentive with their tables.  In fact, the service is a little too great.  The compliments and attention I received from our server recently rivaled that of even my husband! Haha! It is usually busy so expect a little wait if you're popping in and also keep in mind it can get very loud on busy nights, which "busy night" here means any night of the week - not just weekends.  Friends and I were here last night and borderline yelling at each other with a few of us even texting to each other because it was so loud :)I'm impressed and happy that the novelty of this place hasn't worn off yet when other places like Munchbar have popped up.  Earl's is very happening still!  But Garlic Bread. Like seriously, people.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,6/25/2011,133,298,11,15,14>What else can I say about Kauai Family Restaurant, other than it's truly amazing. Having tried the breadth of Hawaiian food available in the Seattle area, I can truly say that Kauai Family Restaurant is the best I've had.Their musubis are always top notch, and they do fun combinations with them as well. Sure, you can get your spam musubi or a chicken katsu musubi. But I'm a particular fan of the spam and fried egg musubi that is an occasional brunch special. It feels like the perfect way to start your day. And if that isn't fatteningly delicious enough for you, try their SPAM KATSU musubi! For those people who eat a spam musubi and say, "You know, it's just not fried enough for me."All of their entrees are amazing; so much so, that it's honestly hard to order only one. Sometimes during brunch, we'll each get an entree and also a small breakfast thing because it sounds so tasty.But heed my warning - if they're offering a "Kanak Attack" special, do not order anything else!!Urban dictionary informed me that "Kanak Attack" means "The feeling of intense laziness that one gets from eating too much." So it makes sense that the special named after this feeling comes with 2 heaping scoops of cooked rice, a pound of kalua pork, 3 eggs, and smothered in gravy. It was seriously like one of those challenges on Man vs. Food.In case you're wondering, food won. But I had tons of awesome leftovers for the next week.The woman who has consistently served us has always made our trips to Kauai Family Restaurant a great experience. I was sad to learn last time that she was gearing up to retire, but if even a fraction of her personality remains with the restaurant, it will always be a fun place to go back to. In fact, I may go back this weekend.
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,6/24/2011,78,80,8,9,10>Vivace makes the best cappuccinos in the city.  You can read it again for emphasis.  No, wait.  I'll type it again.Vivacemakes THE BEST cappuccinosin the city.Best as in traditional, expertly executed, and from beautiful, beautiful espresso.In any Seattle/coffee tourism that a person might be partaking in, Vivace (either this one or the one on Broadway in Capitol Hill) is a top destination - not because it's touristy or kitschy, but because it's historically and energetically Seattle in a way that Starbucks left behind when it lost all its integrity and turned into a corporate behemoth.It's across from the flagship REI (another possible tourist destination) and has huge windows, making people, rain, and REI tree/mini wilderness watching an easy distraction from any work one might be trying to do.  On that note, because of the set up of relatively small and few tables and a lot of window bar seating, I would say it's only a good place to get some stuff done if you don't have a huge spread of books and papers. Just a computer? Good to go.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,6/22/2011,142,37,24,15,16>I have been a shopaholic since I was in diapers, my parents tell me. My mum would put me in a baby carrier and go shopping then come home to find that her baby girl had lifted random items from the store and dropped them into the carrier. Q-tips, hairbrushes, pens. When I was six, I saw a fancy lego set and decided I could not continue my life without it. I stood there, refused to move or speak until my dad gave in. Yes, I am afraid to procreate. Chances are high I will produce another princess monster. The boyfriend has to drag me out of here kicking and stomping into Uwajimaya reminding me we came for kimchi, not paper robots.hmmph.I'm so happy to live in a city that has a Kinokuniya. I spent a year in Tokyo digging for treasure in Kinokuniyas and Book*Off's. I am a glossophile so it's great I can buy books to improve my Japanese and Korean. Tons of manga, paper transformers, cool arts and crafts and design books, domo-kun everything, a huge selection of Japanese/Korean fashion and design magazines and OMGWTFSOYSAUCE, does anyone else have a stationery fetish? I love Asian journals and notebooks and bouquets of pens and pencils. *deep inhale mmmmmm* They have hi-tec pens (penaddict.com/2010/04/re…), the only pens that give me decent handwriting. You should go ASAP if you like books and design geeky things. Or don't. It's your life.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,6/21/2011,176,500,10,15,14>God damn, the Bangkok PB sandwich is awesome. Who knew that spicy peanut butter, orange marmalade, cucumber and mint would be such a winning combination? I like it so much that I actually bought the ingredients so that I could make it at home every day.. but it's not quite the same.For HH, a full sandwich and salad is about $6.50. When it's not HH, it's about $8.The drinks come in mason jars -- mini jars for the shots, they have communal dining tables, and the food and drinks come out amazingly fast with sometimes friendly but often indifferent service.Go to Grim's and eat that Bangkok PB.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,6/20/2011,160,99,16,17,16>So with so many Thai places in Seattle, it truly is hard to find a place that actually stands out from the rest.  I hate when the menu is almost a carbon copy of the one down the street.  Or when they promise spicy flavorful goodness and you end up with a bland dish of noodles (again!).  But thankfully there IS a great spot for Thai and it just so happens to be in Issaquah.  Noodle Boat- thank you for reassuring my faith in Thai restaurants.  I absolutely loved the authenticity and ambiance that this place alluded.  We came in at the busy dinner hour but luckily a Sunday night slowdown vibe had us seated in less than 10 minutes.  First of all, this place has some of the best matchy/cute dish-ware that have obviously been well thought out to compliment the food.  I love when things (a) match (b) are customarily printed  and (c) have baby FIRES lit under them =)    okay so I'm a little bit of a pyro...what can I say!?Also very notable about this place is that you really get a family-run vibe from it.  And everyone is sooooooo nice!  It's crazy how organized they are considering I know they must be busy!  I love that our waitress actually asked us what meat we wanted (chicken, pork, beef, seafood) and then immediately told us "NO! in Thailand  they only give you two options = CHICKEN or BEEF!"  So we opted on beef haha.  Great choice actually.  Also we happened to initially order a few things that were deep fried and she immediately recommended something that was NOT fried at all for our health!  I think I love that she actually cared about our end experience from all of this, as opposed to just scribbling down our order to make us happy.  They really do care what you taste and your overall exposure to the food they serve.  Plus she was way polite about it and had a charm that made me appreciate smaller intimate restaurants again.+ Tom Yum Soup w/mixed seafood was delicious!  Mushrooms, scallops, shrimp, squid and a plethora of the traditional flavorings.....lemongrass, ginger root, basil, cilantro, lime juice, and that big leaf that everyone accidentally slurps up...,    and the broth had a good amount of spice!  As my eyes started to water I was pleasantly satisfied.+ Pra Lard Prig - Pretty much a bounty of deep fried rainbow trout on top of a bed of veggies with coriander (on the stem still!), green beans, peppers, and CRISPY basil (my new favorite crispy guilty pleasure...!)+ Volcano Gem Hen -  Pretty much a baby CHICK on your plate....but it's all about the amazing presentation.  So a lady came out from the back with a plate with a seemingly cooked but not quite ready yet hen on a plate.  She set it down.  Poured a little light sauce on as I was thinking "aww how cute"-  and then IGNITED it in front of us!  I was shocked/intrigued/hungry-for-meat all at the same time- an overload of reactions!  Then to put out the fire, she drizzled the saucy goodness all over.  YUM!  It was a great way to present!  The meat was tender and yummy, but I am not a huge chicken fan (no matter how cute and tiny and well presented it is!)  and although it was tasty, I've had better meats.Overall this place is a real gem in Issaquah!  I am very glad to have been here and welcomed so well by the family/friends that run it.  It was clean, traditional, and honest and sometimes even big chains forget about these principals.  I will definitely be back to try other goods on their extensive menu.  As well as a few less deep fried dishes....hehe.  Also a note about their spice:  I am currently training my poor taste buds to adjust to spice and crazy amounts of hot things.  Their spice level here is from 0-4, and we ordered 3 for everything.  MY EYES WERE SO TEARY and MY NOSE WAS LOST for the entire meal.  It was a gooood level of spice and if it hadn't of been for the water, white rice, and tasty hef I had, I might not have lasted.   But it was great flavor and I appreciate that they know how to weed the weak palettes out (like me!).  So be forewarned..... it spice level might be radically different from the "Thai" restaurants in your neighborhood....But still go and try this place and let me know how YOU handle the Thai experience =)
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,5/10/2009,10,18,11,12,12>Neptune Coffee is my new favorite coffee shop in Seattle. They serve Stumptown coffee, Morning Glory chai, beer, wine, pastries and sandwiches. The 5 bus to downtown stops right outside so you can get a quick cup while you're waiting for the bus. Free WiFi is a great reason to pull up a table and spend some time here. I sometimes use the large conference table in the back area as my second office. I work in bellevue and working from home can get really boring so i get way more work done in the cafe. They used to have an issue with too many people online but apparently they upgraded because I can stay online even with a dozen people surfing the net now.Compared to the other Greenwood coffee shops like Green Bean, Wayward Coffeehouse, Sip & Ship and Starbucks Neptune has super cool baristas. They've been known to offer a free coffee as a replacement for whatever I was drinking when I walked in to get a snack and use the free Internet. I figure it's good for business but they do it in the least snobby way possible. How can you turn down a free drink?Sometimes when I get tired of my favorite Americano I get a hemp milk chai. They serve Morning Glory chai which is also my favorite chai.The owner, Dan sometimes offers everyone in the shop free tastes of the latest roast if he's thinking about selling it. You don't even have to be a regular to get treated like a friend at this place!I haven't been to trivia night yet but I hear it's amazing. Also the art is excellent and rotates on a regular basis.Tip: Try the peach-passion fruit scone from Little Ray's bakery. It's amazing!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2009,5/9/2009,172,350,12,9,10>I can never find this place.  I'm not necessarily showing up drunk, I'm not directionally challenged - I just always think it's 'over here' when really it's 'over there.'  I dunno.  I guess the beer gods want me to work a little harder for this one.The first time I came here was on a date.  It was a hell of a date.  It was one of those dates where it's so, so, so bad that you don't care because it's a story that you can tell for the rest of your life.  But this isn't the place for that story - this is a place for me to tell you about the Stumbling Monk.The atmosphere is very, very comfortable.  I can come here alone or I can come here with friends.  I have never heard of any of the beers that are on tap ever, but the bartenders are super friendly.  They ask you what you like, then make a recommendation. There's hipsters sitting around writing in little black notebooks and sighing dramatically but you run the risk of that wherever you go so I won't blame it on the bar.Final note - be careful when you're drinking.  Most of their beers are higher in alcohol content than your average brew and you might suddenly find yourself unable to walk in a straight line.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,5/8/2009,103,174,14,11,10>I ate so much here I almost came out looking Big Pun.I love this place. La Isla gave me my first taste of malta since I left Miami. It was the most wonderful thing ever. The bistec, the platanitos, the flan, the everything. The only thing keeping La Isla from being perfect is that it isn't a Cuban restaurant. That's okay, though. One day Seattle will learn. I love how garlicky Puerto Rican food is, too. I ate and ate. The girlfriend, she wasn't as impressed, I think. I gladly finished off her dish. I'll be back, La Isla. You best get a truckload of food ready.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,5/7/2009,87,262,9,10,9>Scallops. Big, juicy, seared scallops. The perfect texture, the perfect spices - so easy to make them right and so easy to screw them up. Seastar does not disappoint! The special today was scallops with whipped potatoes and steamed greens - and the only reason I didn't eat every last bite was because you just don't do that at a lunch meeting - you don't!It's in Bellevue, so all of the movers & shakers gather here for lunch. For good reason - it's great food, with great service. There are so many great Seattle places that I would probably not venture to the east side for dinner, but it was a wonderful way to shake up the typical lunch scene in our neighborhood and try something new and chic. Yes, Bellevue is all about 'chic'. Not 'hip'. But forget all Bellevue stereotypes, the food here is great - it stands on its own.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,5/6/2009,215,299,15,12,12>"you know, tonight really solidified something for me: if given no other option, I really could eat a baby... I mean, if I had to."These are the words uttered by my roommate just moments after we returned home from dinner at Gorditos. "are you serious?! It certainly would not taste like that burrito," "well maybe with some salsa and sauce on it." I maybe put down a third of my regular size burrito, my roommate, who has a much healthier appetite than I do, and really probably could eat a baby, ordered the grande and almost put the whole thing down. Since our trip here last Thursday he's asked when we can come again. What? You mean, you're hungry? I figured he'd still be full from last week's meal! I do just freaking love this place. The staff were super friendly, we didn't have a lot of questions, but they were helpful regardless. Food was served up fast, hot and super delicious. Great private parking area next to the building so you never have to worry about the hassles of Greenwood parking. And portions, well I think it goes without saying that portions are more than plenty to feed you. I can eat off of a regular size burrito for at least three meals, which equals out to about $2.50 a meal, cheap! Order it fajita style. Yum!Only bummer is 25 cent charge for soda refills, and I'm not a cash carrier, not even a quarter. I found ONE quarter in the cupholder of the car. Can't I have free refills for my tiny ass $1.55 soda? C'mon folks!
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,5/5/2009,130,221,6,8,8>If you are like me, sometimes you just want to hit something really hard and really far.   Normally I would go for the batting cages, but how many corporate business meetings happen while trying to hit an 80 mph curveball.  Well, maybe more should but that is not the point!  I needed to clean up my rusty golf game so it was off to the driving range!Interbay is a great way to spend the day.  A mega-bucket only costs $12 and you can drink beer the whole time while enjoying the sun.  I did not drink beer but I could have- and that is the point! Right?In addition to a fantastic driving range there is a golf coarse AND a miniature golf course.  This is a great way to spend a summer day alone, with friends, or on a date.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,5/4/2009,99,124,10,18,13>I'm hesitant to write anything about Vermillion because it's the kind of place I'd like to keep to myself. How often can you find an art gallery slash café with a very chill vibe? On Capitol Hill? That has great wine?Our server was great. He was well versed on the cheese and meat pairings, and made some recommendations based on the tastes of our table members. The mac'n'cheese sounds great, but we opted to pass for the evening. I had a tasty glass of tempranillo at a reasonable price. Aside from the ability to walk around with a glass of wine and view the artwork, it was nice to be able to carry on a conversation without screaming at the top of my lungs. Vermillion is a hidden gem on the Hill.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,5/2/2009,241,480,11,9,10>With apologies to Cookie Monster (sellout)..."Won't you listen what Brandon tells youAn' don't you cop an attitudeA $20 Dork buger from Lunchbox Laboratory can be scrumptiousCrunchy, sweet and yumptiousBut.........Dork is a sometime foodYes, Dork is a sometime foodOh, Dork is a sometime foodThere are plenty of fruits and veg'tablesThat are healthy for you all the timeThey're delicious, they are yummyTry an apple, peach, or plummy'Cause.....Dork is a sometime foodYes, Dork is a sometime foodOh, Dork is a sometime foodIf you're looking for a-something to snack onFor somethin' sweet, you're in the moodTry an orange or some cherriesTry a melon or some berries'Cause......Dork is a sometime food"
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,5/1/2009,141,414,11,12,11>Where do I start on the wonderfulness of Bagel Oasis? I have been going to this joint since I was a toddler. There goes little ol' me with my mom and sis in tow getting the most delicious rings of dough on the planet. Go and try any of the egg bagels (comes with or without meat, your choice). They are good enough that you'll want to slap your momma. No joke. The pumpernickel bagel is so luscious all other pumpernickel bagels pale in comparison. If you are lucky enough to get there just as they are dumping the freshly baked bagels into the basket you are one lucky duck. Those suckers warm are yet another godly experience.They have a variety of homemade smears ranging from plain to jalapeno along with salads and fairly good cookies. The sandwiches are amusing as they have names of various Seattle towns. Cute. Very cute. Now enough reading this and other reviews. Go to Bagel Oasis NOW!
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,4/30/2009,124,582,10,12,9>If you or anyone else you know loves trees, and cool tables and benches that look like thick trunk slices, varnished and glossy with bark edges, then you should just go here even if you're not hungry. Oh, and then there's the food! We didn't make it to the entrees last night, but between three of us shared six or seven tapas. Ordered the Root Vegetable fries not once but twice; the spicy house ketchup was too good to be true! Loved the prawns, because of the fresh chimichurri-like dipping sauce. Which I finished with a spoon....Most tapas were around $5-$7, and entrees were not much more expensive. Mojitos looked tempting, so I'm glad I've saved more for my next visit. It's nice to have an intimate, thoughtfully designed yet inexpensive spot in Ballard to check out, and they're open until 11 (with a second happy hour from 9-11), so Root Table is your place if you want somewhere quieter than a bar with much better food and a unique atmosphere.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/24/2013,17,72,9,22,10>This place top to bottom demonstrates the wonder of Yelp.  Without Yelp I would (a) never known it existed, (b) wouldn't have set foot in it based on its outward appearance, (c) would not have known that reservations are required, and (d) would not have brought cash.  I'll sum it up this way right off the bat, there is a reason that 86 other yelpers have rated it so high.  The appearance is meager at best, and if you're looking for fancy surroundings try the Space Needle, Canliss, or Palisade.  However, if you're looking for great food, this is the place for you.  I had the salmon, which was part of an amazing four course meal with all sorts of extras:  - The "salad" was so much more than lettuce and dressing.  It had several different types of fruit, small bread sicks, and tiny "sides" of beef and chicken (which are difficult to explain but delicious).   - The soup was carrot potato, and was a wonderful, creamy bowl that could've been a meal on its own.   - The entree was perfect.  The salmon was a generous size, perfectly juicy and flavorful, and came with a delicious sauce and a side of risotto that paired perfectly- The dessert was several mini delights, such as cheesecake, ice cream, and flan- We also had a bottle of 2008 cab that I undoubtedly paid too little for.I finished the meal feeling full, happy, and ready to return.But here's the best part.  Though the meal rivaled anything I've had much fancier restaurants, it was a third of the cost.  Two four course meals (steak and salmon) and a bottle of good wine came to $66 after tax, and Chef Matsumoto refused our attempt at tipping.  The "grouchy" aspect of the meal was virtually non existent other than the signs posted around and instructions on napkin usage.  The service was fast, attentive, and good all around.  In fact the "grouchy" stuff seemed much more like a gimmick than an actual reflection of the Chef.  If you've never been, you're missing out!
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,5/23/2013,152,379,9,10,10>As a Russian person living in Seattle, I'm probably not your source for great BBQ recommendations, but damn if I don't like a good pulled pork sandwich. I haven't really been to the South, but I always operate under the assumption that there is no point in even making that comparison. If you write a negative review for a BBQ joint in the PNW and your only gripe is that "it's not authentic", then you must simply be forgetting that you're in Seattle.All of that said, RoRo is almost perfect. First of all, for about $12, you get A LOT of food. The sides look small, but they are deceptively filling - not to mention that they are on the side of a pretty big sandwich. Speaking of which, I really liked the sweet n' smoky BBQ sauce on my pulled pork sandwich. And same with the very subtly spicy side of beans. The cole slaw was nice and fresh, not a mayo-laden mess. I admit, I thought the pork was a bit dry, but then again, we did order about 25 minutes before they closed. For all I know this was simply the last of the day's meat...and I'd be totally willing to test my theory by coming back again.Also, the people working here are super friendly (I'm pretty sure we were served by the same curly-haired lady mentioned in that scathing novel of a review below, and she was nothing but nice). Again, we showed up pretty close to closing time, so I feel like that is actually pretty commendable.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,5/22/2013,27,123,7,14,5>They will serve you a flight of poutine.  Review over.I do feel inclined to add a few more things, however.  They have a list of specialty drinks made with maple simple syrup.  Yes, you read that right.  The downside is that every one involves whiskey, which isn't my thing.I also had the fried cheese curds and the french dip sandwich.  The fried cheese curds were great, but the portion was a little small.  That was odd given the massive portion sizes of everything else.The french dip was great, and they even loaded it with melted beecher's cheese; many places do not put any cheese on a french dip, and this worked!I'm withholding the fifth star because the seating is a bit odd in places - our group of four took a booth (who wouldn't!) but directly above the booth was a massive TV, so we felt like zoo animals as other tables looked directly at/over us.  In a well-intentioned but obnoxious move, someone on staff (owner?) came by halfway through our meal and really cranked up the volume on the TV so that the far-away tables could hear it.  Consequently, we couldn't hear ourselves talk any longer.  Even after we mentioned this, nothing changed.  Alas, nothing is perfect.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,5/21/2013,291,107,9,9,10>Let's talk about the Plate o' Bacon.  The crispy, candied, Nuesky slab piled on a plate for only $3.50.  Hot damn, I pared it with whiskey and gave my mouth one hell of a ride of flava!  I was obviously having a bacon craving cause my next plate was the  P&B&JB sliders.  Peanut butter, berry jam, and Nuesky bacon piled high on a lightly crisped slider bun. TO DIE FOR!  Amazing!  I also dabbled around with the Duck Confit slider & Prosciutto. Everything was beyond amazing......The place is a mix of modern & industrial stylings with just a touch of intimacy.  Perfect for HH, daters and groups.Ohhhhh and if you are a whiskey or bourbon drinker this place is for you as well.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/20/2013,226,322,9,9,7>I'm sick and tired of trying to write a review for this place, and every freaking time I try to write a review, I want to say something interesting, that hasn't been said about this place, but damn it, I am stuck saying... "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" BAM! I stole the quote that you get when you Yelp a 5 star. That's pretty creative, YES? Well, this place isn't copying anyone, because it's what you would call -- Confident. Sure, this place is Bi-Polar, and you are thinking, REALLY? And this deserves a 5 Yelpie review?  It's an amazing breakfast place and GUESS WHAT?  Drinks and Dinner, yes that deserves something special. So maybe you are a breakfast lover, guess what, this is the place that makes you want to cry a little, because the food here is just that delicious.  This like the Beignets, and their Eggs Benedicts are literally worth waiting any amount of your important time.  The eggs are cooked perfectly, and the hollandaise is delicious, oh hell, the English muffin is good to eat too, it's like a great sponge that sucks up that goodness so you are not putting your face against the place in hopes of getting ever molecule of flavor off the place.  Oh hell, I don't think anyone would blame you if you did that, however, this place is pretty classy, so maybe you should avoid that. That said; Creole is on the menu (NO that is NOT a spice blend, it's a style of cooking; still taking breakfast here.)  Breakfast isn't complete unless you have your Spicy Shrimp and Eggs over Creamy Grits.  Of all things you dare put on your menu -- *face Slap* this is over the top mouth-water-eat-and-cry-good of a dish... you have to trust me, I have eaten grits in over 30 of these United States.  Did I mention... Breakfast Happy Hour!  Every Item on their Breakfast Menu is only $8.00 every Monday - Friday from 8 am - 11 am.... *WHHHHHAAAAAATTTTT?*I haven't had Lunch here, but there are pretty awesome, well written and serious reviews about it, please read those. Okay, back to silly... Dinner. -- there is a period there because even though there are amazing cocktails, drinks and booze; I think the food here is under-rated-beyond-belief-and-you-should-know-it-­just-.Super-cali-fragi-lis-tic-ex-pi-ali-do-cious. Ha..HA!I like steak! I love a great piece of well cooked meat.  It's something of a wonder, how fire + meat = deliciousness.  I dare not boggle my mind, because for a price cheaper than Daniel's, you get a beautiful tasting lovingly well put out plate of meat (gold).  I mean really, Center Cut Prime Filet, is just amazing, I would have rudely taken a photo of it, but the flash alone would have put me into that "NOT-classy foodie," so no pic, but you should imagine in your mind Lamb Chops, which come with Asparagus, and Tomato Confit (whatever Tomato Confit is), the lamb was incredibly tender, the seasoning was there, but just enough to make it rock.  If you are getting the steak, get the Center Cut Prime Filet with Oyster Mushrooms, Onions and Tasso. This review has gone long enough, back to the beginning of the review, I wrote something... this place is really "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  I would say, get a reservation, because unless you want to hang out in the bar, which isn't that bad either, because the drinks are strong and delicious... a booth/table is perfect to relax and enjoy a great meal.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,5/19/2013,1802,206,3,11,9>Thank you Yelp!  I used my iPhone application to find Nesbit's Fine Watch Service in Downtown Seattle.   My original intention was to replace a battery in a Bulova that I inherited on my Dad's death bed.  I brought it to Nesbit's (after finding them using my iPhone).I rang their doorbell for entrance into their lobby.  I was promptly (and warmly) greeted.  I was given the bad news about my Bulova watch requiring a battery that is banned in the USA due to it's mercurial content.  I did however give them the watch that I was wearing.  It had not been serviced for over 10 years.  They replaced the crown, the waterproof gasket, stem, crystal and assorted springs and gears.  I mentioned to them that I needed prior to my upcoming trip.  They had it ready several days prior to my departure date.  They expedited the repair at no additional charge.  They also provided me with a 36 month warranty.  It looks, feels and functions as though I bought a new watch!  I highly recommend Nesbit's for watch repair and maintenance service!
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,5/18/2013,416,153,18,19,15>This strip mall-embedded kaiten sushi joint may not look promising, but it's got some good fish, and so much of that yummy mayonnaisey fusion sushi that we ate and ate until we broke the kitchen.I'm pretty sure the location is convenient to no one; it's just plain in a weird place. And the decor is pretty typical: fluorescent lights and the kind of un-heartfelt, fill-the-walls-type hangings that no one on earth is truly passionate about. But who cares...because the sushi is damn good-especially given the price tier it's in.Within the realm of kaiten sushi-a niche which emphasizes convenience, immediacy and a low price point over ambience, delicacy, and a certain elegance of focus-you can't really beat the bang-per-buck factor at Sushi Hana. The nigiri isn't going to rival Mashiko, no. But plenty of it's on par with, say, Musashi's, and the more fusion-y rolls-such as the Bad Boy, Spider, and varying tempura configurations, are quite a bit like Japonessa's at easily a third of the price.My kids and I arrived here feeling famished. We were ready to stack some damn plates and eat the plastic steam covers, and we went at it like Inky and Blinky and...whatever the other Pac Man ghost's name is. We wondered aloud if we were full...and kept grabbing plates. Then, we knew we were full and still kept grabbing them. Later we worried we might actually become ill, we were so full, and grabbed a few more. God bless America. I think we'd have kept going except the productivity of the kitchen declined sharply and we found ourselves full and out of things to say to one another, and just disconsolately watching the cycling sushi belt while the same little dishes of edamame and pastries wobbled past. I began to look at other customers adversarially. Enemy Mine.But they weren't eating either. And really, it was our fault. Our appetites had snapped the staff like twigs. One or two of them had simply disappeared, and it's possible they were sobbing on the bathroom floor.And after eating as if every ounce we ate would turn into a million dollar bill inside of us (I even let them get those pricy Ramune glass marble sodas) we STILL didn't break $50. So whether they like it or not, this won't be the last time we come clean out their refrigerator.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,5/17/2013,519,323,6,21,10>I was so excited to visit Bamboo Tree Pho and Sandwich!  We used to frequent Pho Duc, and was sad that it closed.  I was hopeful that it would be as good, and was happy knowing they were also going to have banh mi sandwiches.  The great thing about this place is they offer a large Vietnamese menu in addition to the sandwich and pho offerings.  Everything is also reasonably priced.  The inside has been totally remodeled from floor to ceiling.  It is immaculate and the decor is modern.  There are large flat screen tv's on the wall, although there was no sound on.  We decided to share a sandwich along with our own pho.  The banh mi was good.  We had the combo with pate and different kinds of pork.  The bbq pork was the tastiest thing on the sandwich.  It was served slightly warm, and for 3.99 it was packed full of meat and toppings.  The veggie pho I ordered was delicious.  The broth was piping hot and very flavorful.  It was also chock full of fat tofu pieces and assorted veggies.  The only thing I didn't love was the celery in it, but that's just a personal thing.  I also had a little lone shrimp swimming in the top of my broth, which I didn't mind, but if someone was vegetarian or vegan, probably wouldn't be happy with that.  I had a taste of my husband's rare beef pho and it was very good as well.  The beef was tender and flavorful.The only negatives were that it was on the chilly side. Also, the owners had their 10 year old son at the restaurant, which is fine but he was really loud and rambunctious the whole time and it was kind of distracting.  They didn't have any music playing in the background or the flat screens on, and I think had they had some background noise it wouldn't have been so noticeable.  Our service was very quick and friendly though, and I was overall very happy with our experience.  I can't wait to come back to try the lemongrass tofu spring rolls and other veggie based menu items!  They don't have a website yet, so check out the photos as I took pics of every menu page.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/16/2013,131,213,13,15,15>My hunnie took me here for dinner last night and we had a great time. I haven't been to Palisades in a very long time and had been wanting to go back for awhile now. The restaurant looks gorgeous since the remodel. You can see beautiful views of the water and city from pretty much any seat in the house but do snag a window seat if you can. We had made reservations for 7:45 and were seated about 10 minutes after, so not too bad. The seating area was gorgeous as well and a nice place to sit while waiting for your table.We were seated in a booth which was nice. It was a pretty Seattle evening so we were lucky. Our server, Sarah brought us our menus went over the specials. She was very engaging and inviting. We started with some drinks and they brought out some warm bread and butter. I ordered this drink called The Quite Storm.. and ohmygod it was the best drink I've ever had! It wasn't too strong and had amazing tropical flavors. I could've had 10 of those they were so damn good! Mike and I decided to go with the Seattle Restaurant Week menu. I started with the Crab and Lobster Bisque. The bisque was very tasty and full of flavor. You can definitely taste the lobster and crab, there was nice chunks of crab and lobster strewn throughout as well which was pretty impressive. The only thing is that there was a little shell in my bisque, other than that it was fantastic. Mike ordered the California Roll for his appetizer and it was good too, very fresh. The sauce that it came with was full of flavor. I ordered the Prime Rib for my entree and honestly it was some of the best prime rib I've ever had. It was tender and had this wonderful smoky flavor. I really liked the green beans that was served with the prime rib, they went well together. However, I wasn't a huge fan of the Yukon potato that came alongside too. I found it to be rather bland. Mike ordered the salmon and it was good but I've had better. The side dishes accompanying his salmon was very good. The desserts were okay. I ordered the bread pudding which was too chocolaty and sweet..almost cloying. The toffee bits all over the bread pudding became chewy and wasn't too pleasant. Mike ordered the Apple Crisp which he liked for the most part, it was a little tart. Overall the service was slow but excellent. I also felt like Palisades was one of those places where you just sit and enjoy the the beautiful views, ambience and each other, so we didn't mind it being a little slow. The food was good and the drinks were excellent. The portions were HUGE for SRW!! I didn't feel like they were skimping at all. We definitely want to come back and try their happy hour or regular menu sometime.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/15/2013,123,455,6,11,10>Nice job! The new owners have done a nice job of updating the look of the theater, new paint, nice looking baffles on the walls, top notch projection system, A list movies. The old theater seemed more like a labor of love than an attempt at a viable business. The new owners have done a nice job of making the place seem less like a high school auditorium and more like a nice triplex. The sound sytem is great and the digital projection system is crisp and bright.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,7/15/2013,71,202,4,5,4>What's there not to like about U:Don? The food is delicious, cheap and the portion size is huge. And...don't forget that their noodles are made in house too! So far, my two favorite dishes are their Niku Udon and the On-Tama Udon. I also like the option of having your Udon with broth or not.  Restaurants that focus on one type of dish are common in Japan and its nice to see this type of restaurant in Seattle. I hope more restaurants like this one sprout up.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,7/14/2013,91,88,9,12,12>Best steak I ever had.  The quality definitely warrants the ridiculously high pricePROs:* Incredible customer service.  Kind, helpful, and best of all, KNOWLEDGEABLE about all facets of the menu.  * I'm sure some people aren't fans of the typical bougie people you find at the Bravern, and the clientele here is certainly made up of said people.  However the customer service here will make you feel welcome!* Décor is upscale and classy.  I love that!* Located in the Bravern.  Parking garage located below.  John Howie validates your parking... not the guy, the restaurant :p* Food is incredible!  It's not often that I come to a restaurant I've never been to and love EVERY item I order.  See my pictures to see everything I shoveled into my face!CONs:* Pricey!  Yah there are four "$" up there for a reason.  $100+ easy for 2 people for dinner* I wasn't a huge fan of the complimentary bread.  I did enjoy the small medallion-esque bread.. but the other bread items in the basket were forgettable.OTHER COMMENTs:* I'm not sure if there is a dress code, (I was wearing cargo shorts and a button up :p) but people certainly come dressed to impressed here.  Some people were all out in in dresses or suit and tie (no not JTimberlake).. while others looked a bit more casual.. but still a clean look.  What I'm trying to say is... if you walk in here with PJs and your college hoodie, you're go to stand out hahaRECOMMENDATION:* If you're getting steak, I HIGHLY recommend going with the Japanese Wagyu Beef.  I tried USDA, Australian, and Japanese Wagyu.... By far the Japanese Wagyu was the best in terms of flavor and texture.  Australian was my least favorite. * If things are too pricey for you, the HAPPY HOUR menu is very affordable.  However the only real STEAK item for happy hour is the Tenderloin Bites.  You can still get a great burger as well as the tempura bacon everyone loves, but if you came here for DAT STEAK, you're going to have to open up your wallet and check the lunch/dinner menu FINAL THOUGHTs:Is it worth the price? YES IT IS.  I will be back, without a doubt!
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,7/13/2013,182,531,3,10,8>BF and I had our Friday night date here.  To my surprise, it wasn't very crowded.We shared:Mentai dashimakiSalmon carpaccioChashu ramenYakitori: chicken skin, top sirloin, wasabi pork belly, and tsukune.The highlight of the night was definitely the wasabi pork belly.  Oh it was crispy and fatty and so good.  The skewers are small, so order many of these!!I was pleasantly surprised at how good the ramen was.  The broth was rich and flavorful and the noodles were perfectly cooked.  The chashu was so tender.  I think it is comparable to Tsukushinbo's shoyu ramen.The salmon carpaccio was also very good but it was a bit too salty.  The mentai dashimaki was flavorless.  I wouldn't order it again.Overall, I really enjoyed my meal and I would not hesitate to come back for their ramen.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,7/12/2013,174,247,6,9,7>i LOOOOOVE ramen! everything about it - from the choice of toppings to the styles of broth, if you can't find one type of ramen that you like go ahead and just kill yourself, life's not worth living for you. ramen is a funny kind of food, there's really no right way to do it. you can't say that miso ramen HAS to be super thick and hearty and MUST have corn and butter. nor does shio ramen have to be only sea salt. there's no rules, just general guidelines. in my quest to find my favorite ramen, fate has decided to give me an easy one by opening up this ramen joint litteraly minutes from my house. i could walk here in the summer time if i so desired (but how i'm gonna get home after stuffing my face will be a matter for me to decide later). i was anxiously anticipating the opening of this spot since seeing the signs during it's construction. once i heard it had opened, i gave it a few weeks to work out some of it's kinks as all new restaurants will have them. on my first visit, i rolled in with a homeboy to give it a shot. though there was a line out the door, the 2 of us got seated promptly (everybody else had larger groups of 4+). i opted for the tonkotsu ramen as i didn't see a miso option (boooo). i also got extra ramen, nori, and menma (bamboo). we started off with takoyaki. takoyaki was serviceable but not the best i've had. they did come out pretty quick (for takoyaki) so they have that going for them. ramen came out shortly thereafter. i enjoyed the broth, it was very rich and i'm not sure why folks complaining it was too salty as i didn't think it was personally. i thought the waitress forgot my extra noodles but i guess they bring it to you separately just a little bit later, possibly because it won't get soggy? i'm not sure because i usually scarf down my noodles much too fast for that to even become a thing. price was ok for bellevue though in my mind i still miss the days of cheap ramen when i lived in japan (over 20+ years ago!)the next visit was with my daughter again there was a line out the door (i'm glad they're doing well!) but it was just the 2 of us and we got seated almost immediately. we both got tonkotsu ramen but she got extra nori and i got extra woodear mushroom. she wanted takoyaki so we ordered that again. the waitress asked if we wanted the less salty (read: "sissy") version of their broth and i said hells no, i ain't no sucka. food was served quick and service was friendly. i ended up ordering extra noodles about half way through my bowl and it came out within minutes. with this place being so close to me, i doubt i'll be travelling to seattle especially for ramen again anytime soon. i see myself coming here often.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/11/2013,116,49,15,18,14>Five. I know... Hear me out. The first time I came to this bakery was somewhat on accident. I saw the initial reviews (weren't good), but really had a hankering, if you will, for red velvet cupcakes. I missed a turn and ended up down Meeker in Downtown Kent. I saw this Sweet Themes and decided to give it a shot without a second thought. I was glad I did. Let me tell you why. When you walk inside, it looks as if the bakery itself has way too much space for the atmosphere it's trying to create. The thing is, they did it on purpose. Sure the tables are spaced out and it has a bit of a empty room acoustic to it, but Sweet Theme Bakery dares to do what many smaller... quainter bakeries don't: appeal to a large crowd. Their aim is to provide a space for birthday parties, meetings, and other large social gatherings that want to kill two birds with one stone. The cool part about this place for those looking for that bakery plus wifi atmosphere to do their homework, relax with their latte and muffin, or stare out the window and daydream in-between blinks is that you can still get that here. The even better part is that you don't have the closeness provided by other bakeries and coffee shops. Kind of like that guy or girl that lays their towel down next to you...when there is an entire beach to peruse. Sometimes you don't want to talk to that guy or girl. Move your towel. Go. Now. The people that work here seem to be the "small village help you get back on your feet with a to-go box" type. Very nice. There's a certain passion reflected in the design and presentation of the baked goods here. I have never been met without a smile and a little conversation. They remember you and are more than willing to go the extra mile to include the "ribbon on every package" if possible. It's familial. I appreciate that. There is so much food served here, that I almost feel like it needs to be a restaurant. From quiche to calzones to soups to sandwiches to salads... notice, I haven't even mentioned the sweet stuff. I have sampled some, bought others. Their buttercream and cream cheese frosting has an amazing blue ribbon blend of texture and effortless taste. Often times, I find that a lot of frostings can be sweeter than they need to be. Not here. It tastes like something homemade, but at a home that no one has ever been to. Ever. Everything is made right in the back and given enough time, they can create some of the most decadent cakes and cookies and cupcakes and other sweets that your heart desires. Even marshmallows. Made in-house. That's right. I mean, I don't know if they've perfected the floating cake, but you could always ask. Presentation is important to Sweet Themes Bakery and they have the quality in their food to back up how wonderful it looks.   This bakery does it a little different. You can taste it. You can see it. And you can hear it. If you don't believe me, check out their website or Facebook page, where the latter will involve their fans in delectable pictures and guess what we're baking games that will literally have you wanting leave work or school or bed to be first in line. Go here if wrong turns and cupcakes are your thing. Don't go here if... actually, just get here.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,7/10/2013,195,130,6,8,8>I wasn't expecting much, but I was pleasantly surprised. First Friday of the month gets you free parking in the garage underneath the museum as well as free admission to the museum.  After seeing the exhibit, I would have paid. It was definitely worth it.Drinks and tapas were served for the First Friday art talk. Several five minute presentations were given by some of the current and upcoming artists. Because they were brief, presented by the artists and accompanied by a slide presentation, the talk was worthwhile. Still, I only sat through half and headed to the galleries at the intermission. The "Love Me Tender" exhibit where various artists from around the world used currency from different countries was extremely intriguing. Mark Wagner is my new favorite artist that was displayed. Also showing was folk art known in Japan as Maneki Neko (cats with the raised paw that bring good luck). Having lived in Hawaii, I had seen these figurines frequently at stores, but never knew their significance until this exhibit. I love it when I walk away from a museum knowing something new which was definitely the case here.I spent so much time on these two exhibits, I didn't even make it to the third floor. Fortunately that artist's work will be around until June, so I can see it at next month's First Friday.All of the art work was very well labeled. In addition, you could learn more about the art and the artist through an audio tour on your own cell phone. Dial the phone number listed on the show placard, and then dial the corresponding art work number. The audio spots were short and informative. Unfortunately, pictures weren't allowed due to the type of exhibit. This might not be the case with other shows. Fortunately the gift shop had post cards of some of the work, so I bought a few to take with me.Go! It won't break the bank, and you will walk away inspired and informed.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,7/9/2013,21,56,17,13,13>... I snored.Let's back it up. I am a huge, huge fan of foot massages. I wish I could get them twice a day. Now, I've had a couple of body massages from other places in Seattle which were good. Relaxing. But, for me, I want a massage to really get into my muscles and work them. I don't go get a massage so I can feel good for that hour, I get it so I feel good for the coming days after. I was concerned with the decor because there were a few mentions of it on Yelp. Personally, it wasn't all that bad. It's a room of may be a dozen recliners. I understand it's not a private room with harp strings sounding off and a tiny little waterfall, but a) it's $27 and b) it's a foot massage place. The massage. Fantastic. They work head to toe and are capable of really getting into your muscles to work them out. May be a little more aggressive than other massages out there but they're good about repeatedly asking if you want it to be softer. Overall, this was a great experience. It's a 4 star kind of a place with a 5 star kind of value. Just so relaxing. So relaxing that in the middle of the massage....... I snored.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,7/8/2013,97,445,6,11,7>This is a great cheap place to grab lunch in the Seattle Municipal Tower.  They have tasty kabobs, salad rolls, salads, and Banh Mi.I had 2 kabobs for lunch and took a salad to go for my dinner.  I had the pork kabob which was marinated in lemongrass it had good flavor but it was a little dry.  My beef kabob was better with a good flavor and tender.  Next time I'll try the chicken one.My salad was good I had the Honey Mustard Chicken Salad.  There was too much meat for my liking though I would have preferred more vegetables, but it was good overall.They accept the LevelUp as payment making it easy.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,7/7/2013,101,183,8,10,7>There are approximately 1 million pho places within a 5 mile radius of where I live (give or take a few). Taste of Pho is in an unremarkable strip mall close to high traffic areas, but not visibly prominent from the street. It's too bad for those that miss this in the Lynnwood sea of pho stops; this pho is delicious! It was pretty packed for an uneventful weekday night, however, so apparently word has gotten out.I had the pork and shrimp spring rolls and the pho with rare beef and meatballs. The only thing I wasn't crazy about were the meatballs, but the flavorful broth more than made up for it. I don't typically get meatballs anyway, so no big disappointment there. The restaurant itself is clean and spaced out, which is a nice change from other places where you're close enough to catch a little broth splatter from your noodle-slurping strangers the next table over. The service is awesome--you'll be taken care of by more than one person and they definitely hustle, but not as if they're trying to rush you out of there.I've wanted to eventually give all the pho places near me a shot, but Taste of Pho makes that a challenge. I might just be hooked!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/6/2013,231,76,11,13,11>The main point of this review...GO EAT AT KATSU BURGER!!!Disclaimer: THIS IS NOT A TERIYAKI JOINT! DON'T ASK FOR TERIYAKI! IF YOU SHOW UP AND WANT TERIYAKI SUCK IT UP AND GET A BURGER! I've heard many good things about this spot. Finally made it out with my gf and cousins. Didn't know what to expect except for some good eats. Location is a bit deep, restaurant is located south of Seattle in the industrial part of town. But don't let the distance deter you from paying a visit to this unique burger joint in Georgetown. When you first walk in, the setup is simple and colorful. Japanese posters/anime/comics/memes line the walls. Between you and the counter are enough tables to seat probably 20 people max comfortably. Stepping up to the counter you see the kitchen which sits right behind the counter, that my friends is where all the magic happens. It's great because it's an open air kitchen you see them prepping meat, it's clean and organized not a mess. Menu is above the counter, some pretty good selections but you are at Katsu Burger, don't show up here to get a regular burger. Show up here to get a mother f'n pork cutlet burger! Their beef is good but it's to close to a regular beef burger, what is different and definitely worth a try is the pork cutlet burgers they have. I got the one with a fried egg on it =). Something else to call out as well, Jay the front of the house guy/bus boy/waiter/greeter, he was really cool. Seemed very passionate about the restaurant chatted a lot about the owner and the other sushi joint the owner owns. Had some great recommendations on what to eat steered us in the right direction. Why not a 5 star...well their sides are good but not great. Maybe next time though. So in the end, go eat here, enjoy it, love it, you won't regret it. If you do...well you must hate puppies, kittens and world peace.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2006,8/12/2006,221,213,,11,7>I had been to this store several times in the past, but had never purchased anything. My fiance and I decided to seriously check out the store in hopes of finding a unique engagement ring in January 06. While we did not purchase my engagement ring there, we did get the idea for the one we did eventually purchase from a piece they had shown us. After finding out that the place I purchased my engagement ring from wouldn't size down the matching band small enough for my tiny fingers, we went back to Alana. We found a perfect ring to match my engagement ring. Of course, you can't really count on any specific type of jewelry when shopping here, as most of their merchandise is obtained from estate sales and  living relatives of dead relatives who had really good taste in jewelry. But we found a wedding set with a band that perfectly matches my ring that I bought elsewhere. The set is beautiful, it's an art deco design in rose gold. The diamond in the engagement ring is small, but whatever, I already have an engagement ring. I just scored another ring, lucky me. The set was not on sale, but extremely reasonable in price at $295. Having looked at lots of other pieces at Alana, I have to say the prices they offer their jewelry at are all extremely reasonable. They try their best to obtain stories about the jewelry they are selling, but sadly not every piece has a story. The only thing they guarantee is the era of the piece you are buying, so if you're looking for 1920's platinum engagement ring, they can definitely help you. I also utilized their sizing service. Since they mainly just buy and sell jewelry and are in a mall, they contract out that service. A gentleman does the work for them and he picks up (and brings back) once or twice a week. He did outstanding work! My engagement ring that I had purchased elsewhere had been purchased too big. So in addition to the set I purchased from Alana, I also had my engagement ring sized down. They charge based on what size it currently is to what size it's going down (or up) to, so in my case the set I purchased from them was a 8 and a quarter being sized down to a 4. The charge was not quite $30 for each ring. My engagement ring was being sized down from a 5 to a 4, and that was not quite $20. Obviously, those prices will vary, depending on what service you require. The service I've received every time I've gone into Alana, regardless if I'm just looking or making a purchase, is always respectful and very helpful. I don't feel as if I'm taking up their time if I ask to look at something without making a purchase. Everyone there seems to enjoy their job and helping customers find jewelry that they will love. I would highly recommend Alana.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2006,8/11/2006,6,20,3,3,2>Gordon Biersch.      It's one of those places you'd never want to walk to.  Despite it's awesome location; right in the middle of downtown, you just can't walk to it because if you do, you'll find yourself stranded on this lonely planet, with no one you can trust enough with your home keys, to get that wheelbarrel you've always wanted to put to good use in your backyard, to come back, pick you up, and to finally roll your overstuffed butt back home.  Was that a run-on sentence?  It's okay.  Because I'm willing to sacrifice my great english literary skills for that desciption.      The restaraunt/brewery is awesome.  The interior is beautiful, a perfect top level companion for the seattle downtown Pacific Place Mall.  The view from some of the window booths are great for making fun of those ant-like people walking downtown like they're chickens with their heads cut off.      So apparently, Gordon Biersch makes their own beer.  And even better, they make it right there, on the top floor of the mall, on the other side of the restaraunt.  Cool eh?  Yeah, it's really nice.  Considering it's very good beer, and you have a choice from those lightest, to the darkest, from least hoppy, to very full on hoppy kinds of beer.  And you get taste them before you even buy them!  It's like getting drunk before you even begin paying for drinks.  (If only I were that cheap of a date...but for some of ya! You know you want to try it)  Also their Grand (something) Margarita, and their Berry (something or other) Margarita's were fantastic.  Very strong, and tastes really smooth.  Considering they use 1800 and something else in it, what more can you expect?  Good Stuff.  A round of applause please?  But wait! There's more!    We ordered this crab thing for an appetizer.  OMG I almost cried it was so good.  Close your eyes for me, and listen to this description for a minute (well, don't close your eyes, umm, nevermind, just read on).  (WARNING: If you haven't eaten yet. PLEASE do so before reading beyond this point or face certain death....yes, death!)  Imagine, a nice bread bowl, much like the ones your get at your local fish market on the piers when you buy some clam chowder.  Except it's not filled with clam chowder, it's filled with crab and artichoke hearts, perfectly seasoned to compliment the sourdough bread like peanut and butter.  (just kidding, more like Peanutbutter and jelly)  I'd go back just for this appetizer every day until my last day on this planet, or Gordon gets a restraint order on me...whichever comes first, I suppose.    Anyway, moving on. The special of the day was a garlic something something burger.  For all you goth Vampire loving people out there, steer clear of this one.  I'm not sure if it's just a special, and they don't normally have this one (not that you know what i'm talking about with my amazing memory for names of things like I'm sure you've noticed) because it wasn't on the menu, instead it was vocalized to us by our waiter...So, back to the point, For all you goth vampire loving people, this one is extremely garlicy.  By the way, so are all their fries.  But MAN! They're good!  Garlic Fries, oh how I love thee!  (Becareful for those that are on dates...bad news, trust me)  One thing I did find odd was that they don't ask how you want your hamburger done.  (They also don't cook hamburgers under medium)  Our waiter didn't ask how I wanted my patty done, so it came out well.  No pink, which I'm sure some of you enjoy, but I normally get my hamburgers medium rare.  (and my steaks blue rare *drool)  The good thing about this was that despite the fact that the meat was cooked well, it was extremely juicy.  Not dry, not flaky, but juicy! MmmMmmm. Not bad.  My girlfriend ordered the Mahi Mahi burger, which if I may add was like heaven on a platter!  Once again, a round of applause for the cooks!  Mahi? Dry? Never! Not at my pal Gordon's!  (We're on a first name basis now thank you)    And so finally, the final chapter of this review, and probably the most important.  Price.  As I'm sure we're not all multi-billionares like me,  price plays an important role in our (I mean your cause you know, I'm a multi-billionare) going-out lives.  Being able to have fun, enjoy our day, and not feel like we just sold our souls to the devil.  Anyway, Gordon Biersch is a bit pricey.  $8-10 for the burgers, $12-15 for their pastas, $1,259-1,682 for their salads (no, just kidding, but that part of the menu was of absolute no imporance to me) and about $22-26 for their steaks and stuff.  A pretty wide range of prices, but I'd have to say honestly, $8-10 for a burger that made me want to cry and call it a good life is perfectly fine.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2006,8/10/2006,222,363,3,5,5>I've had food from Cedars before but this was my first in-house dining experience. I organize a monthly event for me and my gal-pals called Goddess Night. We've been going out once a month for dinner, without the kids and without the spouses, for nearly two years. Our tastes are similar just as often as they are not, but we all are always up for food. Having feasted on Cedars food before, I knew what to expect. Having read reviews of the staff's attitude and shall we say over-due diligence in attending to you and filling your water glass I thought I knew what to expect. I had called a good week and half out to make a 7pm reservation for 10 people. My standard res request for any and all Goddess Nights. At 7pm Lydia - yelp.com/user_details?us… - calls me and asks how many people did I have under the reservation. 10 of course. I could tell something was wrong. And I was right.I arrived at the restaurant and saw 4 of the goddesses seated at a table set for 8, and the restaurant was fit to bursting. I sat down and with the most pleasant smile I had asked what's going on. Lydia explains (in a calm way because she knows me and I'm about to get real pissed off) that the staff claims that I (me=Jaz) called twice since my first reservation call and changed the res to 6 people at 6:30pm. I blink and then my voice gets loud. Real loud. I did not call other then my one and only call to make the 10 person 7pm res. The manager breezes quietly over and stands close to me. I return my voice to normal decibels and tell him while looking him in the eye that whoever claims I called two other times and changed the res is lying and he should take care of that. However, they were taking care of us. They booted a couple from a two-top by the window and we absord that table. From there on out, the service was deft and spot-on. We experienced no attitude from our wait staff and we didn't wait long for any food to come out, appetizers and entrees. Two goddesses came later and their food came up quite quickly despite ordering when everyone else's food was arriving. I had the Shrimp Vindaloo at medium hot and it was fantastic. Fair amount of decent-sized shrimp with coriander, ginger, and potatoes=Holla! Elise's chicken korma was delectable and Lydia' lamb dish was phenomenal. The veggie pakoras rock and raita is a must (though I completely forgot to order some). Jen - yelp.com/user_details?us… - and my mom had the Royal Biryani (Jen w/chicken; my mom w/ lamb which I got to have the leftovers for lunch) which couldv'e used a bit more almonds but damn tasty regardless. The issue though is the weirdness with the lying about my res was never really addressed and no one ever apologized. So they currently stand at a 3 star rating for now. But I am willing to visit again and give them another chance. Otherwise I say screw eating there and get it to go!
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2006,8/9/2006,44,119,4,7,5>Ok...  there was a lot of food this night, so I'm just going to make a list:1.  Well hooray for the Westcott Bay Mussels with Fresno chiles, tarragon, and Pernod!!!!  Can you say YUMMM???!???  This has to be one of the tastiest  mussel dishes I've had in a long time.  The broth was so flavorful, with just the right amount of heat.  My only complaint is that there were a number of unopened/barely open mussels...  of course, that didn't stop me from coaxing them out of their shells (hmmm..  pretty sure you're not supposed to do that).  Ah well...  I seem to have suffered no ill effects!2.  Ok...  I know it's just bread, but WHERE did they get this I'd like to know???  It's the closest taste I've found to a real French baguette, and after one bite of it, I just wanted to gather up a whole loaf and make nutella tartines like my grandma used to make us.  Sigh... a delight.  Perfect for dipping into the mussel broth!3.  Short Ribs with coffee, and ancho chile...  So at this point in the evening, I was already quite full...  What may have possessed me to order this you may ask???  Ummmm...  helloooo....  Goat Cheese Polenta...  that's what!!!!  Hurrah!!!  So yummy!  The short ribs were very tender and delicious with the creamy polenta...  more of a winter dish in my book, but hey...  I still ordered it!...  and errrr....  finished the whole thing.  I'm not ashamed...  I'm not!  Ok, well maybe a little.4.  Let's see....  my dinner companions had:  Corn and Cheddar Flan with tiger prawns and Mama Lil's relish....  attractive and tasty.  Eggplant Cannelloni - I'm pretty sure he liked it since there was very little talk from him once the plate was set down in front of him.  Rainbow Trout wrapped in bacon - The trout was very good, but my sister wished that the bacon had been cooked a bit more.  It wasn't at all crispy.  My other dinner companion ordered the same thing as me...  She's no fool!  :-)All in all, a tasty experience.  Good stuff!!!
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2006,8/8/2006,9,19,7,4,3>Even though Hattie's underwent an update, inexplicably adding a giant fish tank to the back room, it's still the best bar in Ballard. I should know, I work at the bar next door and blow all my tips there. I predict Hattie's will remain a stalwart to the gentrification of Ballard that everyone dreads. It is what it is, a low lit place where salty fishermen, disenfranchised un-hipsters, record store geeks and roller derby girls go to eat, drink and watch the TBS movie of the night on mute while the stereo skips over old Kinks records.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2006,8/7/2006,28,41,3,6,4>A tiny jewel box of a store. Small but solid inventory (all killer, no filler). Great, oddball titles near the checkout desk. Watch your step as you enter (I've tripped several times over the small bump)!
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2006,8/6/2006,287,1493,1,5,4>mcphee.com/index.htmlI found this store online then found out there is a physical store in Seattle, WA...wahoo...heard it was humongous....a destination on my next trip to Seattle.This is such a fun store, a gag and gift shop.  I love the themes like meat...wrapping paper, magnets, bandaids, car freshener, tape, lunch box, rug, apron, shower curtain, you get the drift.  Other themes, flamingos, religious icons like buddha, devil/evil, sushi, ninjas, unicorns and parasite pals.  So for fun gifts, this is a great site.Got via an email, a freebie coupon good til 8/31/06 for a free green evil duckie.   archiemcpheeseattle.com/…
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2006,8/5/2006,120,419,8,6,5>Dear Specialty's - Why must you mock me with you delicious hotness? I wake up dreaming of your sugary luscious pastries and muffins. At lunchtime I love your thick bready sandwich look with a large amount of that hippie sprouts on top. I love that I can call you from your website for an office quickie. For afternoon delight, you rock me with your ooey-gooey semi-sweet chocolate cookie goodness. You're such a tease... sadly your sister in the International district is available at any hour of the day an has a more adventurous side. So I'm leaving you and not coming back until my next goody call.It's been fun.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2006,8/4/2006,55,246,,8,2>In a word: YUM!We waited about 30 minutes for a table, which ended up being two seats at the counter overlooking the kitchen. And what a view: All of the tortillas were being made to order; the all-female cooks were moving fast but deliberately to get their food out to the noisy Friday-night crowd. We were conveniently close to the salsa bar, which had 5 or 6 freshly-made sauces.We started with guacamole and chips; the guac was on the creamy (as opposed to chunky) side, but tasty; the chips were fried to order. We moved on to picaditas -- sort of a mini pizza of grilled tortilla with a smear of porky black beans, cheese crumbles, and drizzled sauces-- and molotes, which were a bit like potato-and-chorizo-filled taquitos.We ordered a pork tamal with black mole steamed in banana leaf, but got chicken instead. Even with chicken, it was delicious; I can only imagine how amazing it would be with pork instead! wub.gif The chile relleno -- which we ordered with cheese filling --was perfectly battered and properly cooked. Though it lacked sauce, I would still vote it one of the best I have ever eaten. My only wish was that it would have been bigger. Like all of their plates, it was just a few tantalizing bites.Black beans in varying stages of thickness and smoothness made appearances throughout the meal. On the picaditas, they were blended with smoky lard, and used as a sort of sauce. One of the larger dishes came with a small ramekin of mostly-whole beans topped with shredded dry cheese, and the other came with a pool of saucy, partially-smashed ones.The food was very authentic, startlingly fresh, and entirely worth the wait. At under $50 (including tax, tip, and 4 bottles of mexican beer), it was also a stunning deal. The service was welcoming and friendly, despite the crowd of people. The decor was fun without going over the top into Latin kitsch.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2006,8/3/2006,39,16,6,7,5>FAVORITE store in Seattle.  Period.  Gifts Galore.  Purse Perfection.Best Books.Maaahvelous Makeup.Ass-kicking Accessories.Great Games.Cool Computerbags.Shoes for Sure.Stellar Service. Word.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,8/18/2009,316,105,18,14,14>HOLLER!!!  This place makes me want to re-enter the restaurant industry, just so I could get all dolled up, put on a sexy vintage slip, strut around and wink at patrons as I bring them the most delicious pizza in Ballard!  My favorite experience here was in summer, on the back porch, with lots of Sangria, breadsticks split between the three of us, a delicious salad (can't remember the name), the Artie Parmie pizza, and the Screaming Orgasm for dessert....even if it weren't for the sassy, efficient service, sultry atmosphere and perfect music (Pink Martini!)  the meal would have been amazing.  As with sex, however, it's the details that elevate the experience from great to..memorably perfect.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,8/17/2009,117,196,16,20,18>Been back here twice since my last review. The first time I really wanted something with broth. The roasted duck noodle soup caught my eye. People. It's the best thing I've ever tasted in my life. EVER. Did you hear me?! The broth was flavorful, a delicate array of spices, vegetables, and succulent chunks of roast duck. If I could only eat one dish every day for the rest of my life - this is it. Hands down. They also serve it with a ring of fire, an assortment of condiments so you can add the type and intensity of heat and spice you'd like in addition to what you ordered from the kitchen. While I was trying desperately not to drink straight from the bowl like a starving rabid wolf, the owner came up to my table and proceeded to tell me about another regular who was enamored of the soup but had since moved away to Florida. God Bless his kindness and attentive nature because I swear to you there were times when I had completely tuned him out. I did hear him recommend the Pad See Iw for next time.Which I ordered for takeout during my next visit. I arrived home, determined to have just a taste and fell upon it like a ravenous boar. You know a place is good when patrons recommend various dishes to you on their way out, while they're waiting for their own take out orders, and while paying the check!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,8/16/2009,15,90,12,7,9>Someone took my grandma's house, filled it with mildly tacky paintings from local artists, thew mis-matched plates and silverware on the tables and started serving really good food.Seriously. The piggy pile, two pieces of French Toast, A Pork sausage patty, and a fried egg on top is to die for. They also have a full bar for those of you who think dumping your booze into a 1/3 a glass of juice in the morning makes you have slightly less of an alcoholic.This place has a bunch of scramble, omelet, and basic breakfast choices, and serves lunch options after eleven. DId I mention the booze?!?THEY HAVE BOOZE!
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,8/15/2009,36,87,8,8,7>I don't expect much when looking for BBQ in Seattle. I see BBQ joints being bashed review-after-review-after-review, claiming that they ruined the BBQ and that they don't know anything. I mean, come on people, accept it: You live about as far away as possible in the lower 48 states from anywhere that even resembles a trace of original BBQ. That's like looking for a morsel of intelligence in George W's head. I don't go to North Carolina looking for wild salmon.With that said, RoRo BBQ is fantastic! The best I've come across so far in Seattle. It's the only other restaurant I've ever seen that serves a BBQ Sundae (although we called it a "Slop Bucket" back home), which is BBQ pork, beans, sauce, and cole slaw all piled into a single cup, and you mix it together and eat with a fork. DELICIOUS. For those a little more health-conscious, their BBQ Pulled Chicken sandwich is incredible. I've actually chosen it over the pulled pork the last two times I was there. Dammit, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it, so I must move on.I've only tried a handful of side items, but they've all been good. The cornbread isn't something I'd get again. But I'm a very tough customer when it comes to cornbread.Fun side fact: They ALWAYS have something random playing on the TV set when you're there. It's a fun game I like to play with myself, trying to guess what might be on that day. One time it was old Pink Panther cartoons. The next, it was The Jeffersons. Another it was deep sea cave diving explorations. Today it was Planet Earth DVDs.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,8/14/2009,779,709,15,22,20>Jesus, how have I not reviewed this yet? My bookmark list is getting a little to out of date.sigh.This is one of the places that when people ask the question what is "seattle", that I think of. It has a very 'non traditional' feel to it when compared to other beaches, and for what it offers in actual amenitites compared to many...you often wonder why it's so popular. It's a wonder to me how Seattle's need to 'hold on' to things and resist change and not notice when things really need to move up and be relevant (Seattle Center anyone? Fun Forest? hello?) fails so dramatically in other aspects of city life while being so successful in other areas (Here, Golden Gardens, etc)The fact that it is a little random, a little sparse, left to it's own and has a few things you don't always have available at a beach is the reason to love it.I visit Alki on a fairly random basis throughout the year. The views of the city are great, but I love that you can see views of so much *other* than the city here too. The sunsets here are some of the most spectacular around.I've spent countless hours sitting alone on this beach writing. The rambling nature of the coastline and access is so easy that even on a crowded sunny day, secret little spots to be alone are not hard to find.People watching is always easy and enjoyable. Alki is one of the few remaning easy access places that draws Sooo many different people together in one place. For long rambling walks with dear friends it's hard to beat Alki as well. Between the sidewalks and shops, paved trail and long stretches of sandy beach you have so many options to enjoy and be together. Volleyball, roller skating, skateboarding, beach fires, bike riding, walks, sand castles...it really is a little of whatever you might need or want.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,8/13/2009,167,420,10,14,15>Yum! The best Italian I've had in Seattle so far, and I've been to quite a few. This brings me back to those quaint cafes in Rome, complete with the little tables of quiet old men drinking wine at dinnertime. My boyfriend and I went here for our monthly date night and did not leave disappointed. Not only is the walk just a few blocks from my apartment at the U, the summer day was beautiful so it really set the mood. They don't take reservations but it was a Tuesday night so not overly busy; we were seated right away.We started off with some seasoned olive oil and bread, which made me happy since real Italians don't dip bread in balsamic vinegar. The bread was nice and dense, which reminded me of the bread at Salumi's downtown. The waiter was the only one working for 5+ tables so he was a bit rushed but did a very good and gracious job. I first ordered the mozzarella di bufalo as a starter, which came out deliciously. The mozzarella was perfect and the tomatoes were vine-ripe and just the right size. The olive oil was also just the right flavor--not too heavy. Next, we ordered the hearts of palm salad. Wow. Those hearts of palm must have been just wee trees before they were cut for our eating enjoyment. Lovely light salad to get you ready for the main meal.Seeing one of my favorite dishes in Italy was veal scalp, I went ahead and ordered that on the specials list. They didn't have the boar pasta so my boyfriend ordered the linguine with seafood. Both arrived and was scrumptious. I believe I murmured repeatedly, "This is perfect!" Seriously, the veal scalp tasted the same as I remembered in Italy--in Rome and in Florence. Just the right amount of sauce, with a bit of penne on the side, Parmesan crusted on top. The servings were quite large so I only ate 1/2 of my plate and gave the rest to my boyfriend who enjoyed it thoroughly. The linguine was also quite good, the sauce very light but full of flavor. The mussels, however, were a bit old or overcooked--not quite fresh enough. I drank up the sauce though :) We would have gotten dessert but I was simply too full. No fear, I've already started planning the next trip: bruschetta, wild boar pasta, ravioli in meat sauce, tiramisu. Mmmmmm. The price was a bit high ($25 for a veal and $8 for the salad...) but for an authentic experience it was well worth it.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2009,8/12/2009,290,767,12,15,14>So my friends, I have a confession.  I've lived in Seattle for nearly 3 years.  Today I went to Greenlake.  For the first time.  Ever.  I've driven past it several times, thought about going, and heard lots of stories about this park.  So on a day of nothing better to do, sunshine, and not too warm of weather, I decided to take the dog out for a nice, long walk.  We walked the inner path and it couldn't have been more pleasant.  The first half of the walk, I was thinking to myself "Really, it took you 3 years to discover how beautiful this park is?"  That applies to both the natural scenery and some of the quite attractive people who were here.  By halfway through, I was worried my little dog was going to fall over and not be able to make it around the park.  Navigating between slower walkers, other dogs, strollers, and bikers made the walk a bit longer than it needed to be, but that was no fault of the lovely path.  It was mostly due to the fact my dog felt the need to mark near every tree for at least half of the lake.By the end of my little walk around the lake, I was convinced of several things:  1)  This is the perfect place to fall in love with Seattle.  You can do a bit of everything here.  Plus, the lake is gorgeous on a sunny day.2)  I need to run/walk more.  This park makes me want to walk it everyday.3)  If you meandered along the path slowly with a stranger, you'd know them pretty well by the end.  You'd get to see how they interacted with other people, dogs, kids, nature, and have a long conversation.  4)  You pretty much are never alone on the path here.  There's always somebody nearby.5)  The ducks here aren't afraid of much.  They'll let you get pretty close to look at them.  They also don't always flinch when a little dog barks her head off at them.  If you're afraid of birds, this may not be the place for you.6)  Watching people who have flipped kayaks trying to get back in them can be quite humorous.  7)  When you see somebody pass you twice, you're walking too slow.  8)  If a kid opened a lemonade stand here, they could earn enough money for a year of college.  It's such a perfect place for that type of thing.9)  This is the perfect place to wonder if you have no sense of direction.  You won't get lost.  You can't get lost. Really.  Just follow the lake.10)  You can spend an entire day here if you tried.  Take a walk, have a picnic, rent a boat, people watch, go fishing...Why I waited 3 years to discover this gem, I'm not quite sure.  Look for me and Lola walking the loop sometime soon!
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,8/11/2009,92,228,13,14,13>Anyone who has read any of my sushi reviews knows that my litmus test for a good sushi place is albacore.  I know, I know, the proper litmus test is a cucumber roll (because it gives you a chance to really see how the rice is), but I'm a sucker for albacore.  And this is how Wasabi Bistro gets five stars from me - because they have a-freakin-mazing albacore.  It's the first place I've been to in awhile that didn't do something...extra...to their albacore.  You know how it is - you order albacore and it comes seared on the edges.  Topped with green oninos.  Topped with freshly grated ginger.  Topped with rooster sauce, topped with sesame oil, topped with smoked salt.  Albacore always seems to come with something else, which is interesting because you don't really see that with other nigiri.At Wasabi Bistro, the albacore comes pure and untouched, generous slices on smaller sushi rice "balls" - the way it should be.  It melts in your mouth.  It's perfect...the new holder of the "best albacore" throne.It was good enough that we ordered another round.  Which we've never done in any other sushi restaurant to date.Albacore aside (for one cannot LIVE on albacore alone, though I'd be more than happy to try), the food's good.  The sashimi is ridiculously fresh and gorgeous.  The presentation is much more elaborate than any other sushi restaurant I can think of to date.  The drinks are really, really good.  The service was perfect - friendly without being overly-so (that's just creepy) and non-intrusive without being forgetful.I'm less of a roll person these days, but the rolls weren't bad.  Sitting at the bar was a good time - we got to watch the sushi chefs do their thing.  Overall, it was pretty damn amazing.  I don't think it's going to be a "regular" sushi place for me, but it'll be close to the top for special occasions, I'll tell you that.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,8/10/2009,114,197,27,20,18>Oh. Oh, my. Oh, oh, oh, yes, please. Oh my, oh my, oh, oh, oh, Oh, Oh, OH, OH...yes, yes, yeS, yES, YES!!!  Oh, Lunchbox Laboratory...I never knew how amazing you are! I would have been in a long time ago for some Oh my, oh my, oh, oh, oh, Oh, Oh, OH, OH...yes, yes, yeS, yES, YES if I only knew! I was first overwhelmed when I walked through the door. There were too many choices, too many decisions to make. So we went with one of the laboratory specials and came to find out those concoctions are always changing. We shared the Pink Lady: Super Beef, Muenster Cheese, Bacon with Pink-Peppercorn-Chive-Sauce and a side of Sweet Potato Fries. Blew my mind! I didn't put it down. Even when it dripping all over me. And I ATE IT ALL! The sauce, oh the sauce. "You lika the sauce?" I LOVED the sauce! I wiped every last drop of that sauce off my plate and into my mouth...no lie. And when I realized Becky just might leave a little bit of her sauce on her plate, I wiped my finger right over that little drop of her leftover sauce and it went straight into my mouth. They have a list of sauces the length of a Tolstoy novel. Sauce, after sauce, after sauce, and even more sauce. I love sauces! Sides are skinny fries, tots, sweet potato fries, and mac n cheese. Oh the milkshakes! They look like they bring all the boys to the yard! youtube.com/watch?v=rZ-F… Next time I go back, I am getting a peppermint chocolate one. Burgers run $10-$15. And don't plan to eat light unless you split your meal. Seating is minimal. This is a hit and run dining experience. There are two velvet covered tables, 8 feet in length, with 17 spots to sit and that's it. They do have additional outdoor seating to hit up during the summer time. Believe me, I will be setting up camp at one of those outdoor tables this summer.Oh, Lunchbox Laboratory. Thank you for what you did to me yesterday afternoon. It was insane!
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,8/9/2009,59,61,13,12,11>My typical trip to Tenzing Momo yields:* A bag of bulk chamomile for bedtime so I don't sleep walk.* Burts Bees lipgloss in Merlot, which is the BEST color.* Hand-blended lotion to smooth my ashy white elbows and knees.* Vitamins to replenish my strength after an all-nighter at Shorty's.* Tibetan prayer flags to aid my plea for help in finishing grad-school.* A book about past lives because I am sure I was Cleopatra or at least some guy who sold papyrus pulp fiction on the corner of 2nd and Kufu.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2006,6/9/2006,41,203,,5,3>I enjoyed my recent sushi experience here.  The fish was cleanly cut and tasty.  The rolls were neatly made, though I did notice a reliance on cucumber (which I really hate in my sushi).  The teriyaki sauce for the eel was a trifle thick.  Spicy scallops were excellent.  Complimentary hot tea upon request tasted bitter at first but quickly grew on you.  The mackarel nigiri was most excellent and I think one of my new favorite fishes to eat.  The sushi is priced lower than most other places I have seen ($9 for a very tasty dragon roll?  Wow.) I noticed the reviews weren't very positive but I've definitely had a lot of bad sushi in my lifetime.  This doesn't qualify.  It might not be the best but it's a good, solid sushi experience.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2006,6/8/2006,23,123,,4,3>This was a place that made me truly fall in love with Seattle - the real, cool Seattle, not just the Pike Place Market/Seattle Center version that was the one shown to me by my parents and through school trips. I remember first coming here pretty late at night as a high schooler with a friend who lived in Seattle. I was enthralled - I loved the tea (Bao Jong - smells like lilac, and has since been discontinued) and the funky atmosphere, and the fact that it was after 10 and was totally packed with all sorts of people. Over the years I've spent many, many hours there -  had first dates there, celebrated birthdays, read books, killed time before and after seeing movies at the Guild, essentially, it has been a part of my life.With that in mind, it's really hard to agree with the other reviews written about it's decline in ambiance and increase in prices. But I do agree, the times I've been there in recent history have been less than my former fantastic experiences. There's always a big mess of boxes in the tea room and it's seeming less and less crowded. The tea is still wonderful, but when I'm there I'm less tempted to want to spend hours on end. I'd still recommend it to anyone in the area who's into tea, but I'm not so willing to go out of my way to go there.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2006,6/6/2006,120,419,1,3,3>Doh! Heart attack! A bunch of people from my team at work just went over here. By group consensus it gets a 4. I've been going for about 5 years now and I still like it.  Now Broiler Bay is a dive in every way, but that's where you find the good stuff.  It's a regular for the Bellevue High kids too, so I try to stay away during their lunch hour.So... what should you get? Well, they have charbroiled hamburgers, which are quite tasty with just the proper amount of grease. I never got far past the grilled onion burger with (real ice cream) vanilla shakes for a couple years. That is until about a year ago, a friend of mine ordered a cheesesteak there. Again, I've never been to philly, so I can't talk from experiences, but it is tasty. Also, one other time I saw a construction worker in there order a BLT. I've had more than a few of those since then. They do up about 8 slices of crispy meaty bacon on toasted sour dough. Yumm! Fries are of medium thickness, most similar to Wendy's. I like the onion rings too. They are tempura-battered and very greasy.   I'm headed to the cardiologist for my weekly bypass in just a minute...
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2006,6/5/2006,127,267,,3,3>Everything that I ordered here as excellent.  I highly recommend the omelette that has spinach and goat cheese it was so good. Also, I loved the salmon platter. It was the best salmon I have had, and it made me so happy :)   I highly recommend checking out this place sometime. The people who work there give excellent service and are also very very nice.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2006,6/4/2006,373,248,4,3,4>Why hath thou forsaken me, my friend. . . Piroshky Piroshky is one of the first things I eat at The Market.  I am not much of a bread person but I am a cheese person. . . I LOVE cheese and they have these cheddar and green onion bread/roll things that are just fantabulous - I make a bee line straight there and happily nibble on cheesy/bready goodness as I stroll through the madness of The Market.  Nothing gets to me .. . it's all bliss and melted cheese.  Then, on my last trip, I deviated from the norm and ordered a beef and cheese piroshky. . .jesus sweet lord - YUM.  Melty, beefy, cheesy blob of deliciousness.  I could not wait to have another.  Well, as we all know, or I guess as anyone who's ever been to the market knows, it's a tourist magnet along the lines of Fisherman's Wharf and we all know how ugly it gets there during tourist season . . .well the Market gets equally as awful and on this Memorial Day weekend it was absolutely ridiculous. . . walking through the market made me feel like one of the unfortunate salmons that were on display. . .I now knew how those poor guys felt when they were trying to swim upstream to spawn . .. I might not have been trying to swim upstream against all odds to git spawnin' but I was almost that excited to get my precious beef and cheese piroshky.  I finally made it to the wee cubicle that is home of beef and cheese manna. . .there was a line. .. a huge line but when you're in love, these things matter not.  I waited patiently.  Finally there were only two more people ahead of me in line. . .beef and cheese piroshky contact was imminent.  Then this middle aged lady with the big, brassy fake red hair ordered the LAST beef and cheese piroshky.  The counter guy yells out last one and pulls the little display card.  WHY GOD WHY!!!!?!?!?!?!?!  Had I not waited patiently?  Was I not polite as I made my way through the idiot tourists?  I did not deserve this!!!!!  The guy in front of me also heaved a sigh and we looked at each other with an understanding that can only come from being so close and yet so far from what you want.  I resigned myself to a cheese and green onion roll and sulked off into a corner to eat my consolation prize.  It was good, sure, but as I unwound the spirals of dough, it became clear that my roll was RAW in the middle.  Not just undercooked, but raw.  Sigh.  Gluttony is one of the seven sins and I was paying.  The bakery was so slammed that they had pulled the rolls too early.  There was a homeless dude sitting nearby and I asked him if he wanted the rest with the warning that it was undercooked - he made a face and said "No, thanks, what I really like the beef and cheese thingy."  You and me both, brother!    Then, tragically, as I headed out towards the crowded street, I saw brassy redheaded lady tossing half of the (MY) beef and cheese piroshky into the garbage!   Philistine!  All in all, though my current tale is sad, Piroshky Piroshky is the place for great beef and cheese piroshky (sniff), cheese rolls and the creamy/cheesy pastry with cherries, chocolate or berries are also very, very good.. . just avoid it at peak tourist time.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2006,6/3/2006,5,6,2,3,3>mmmmm...delicious. If you have never eaten at Pen Thai, I highly recommend it. They have a great selection of food, and everything is very flavor forward. Their Pad Thai is the best I have ever had, and the 4 star is really a 4 star, nothing wimpy. If you go there try their Larb Gai salad.MONEY!!! definitely worth the drive.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2006,6/2/2006,224,247,2,7,3>Saya Restaurant: a mix of Thai and Japanese CuisineIt seems sometimes on my way to work, I somehow manage to detour and park my car in front of the Restaurant. I believe its the good food and customer service that leads me here. The servers already know what I love to order, its either the Phad Thai with Tofu and Chicken, which is great spicy and it has nice slight sweet taste to it. The other order I enjoy is the  Moo Yang which is Thai barbecue pork in spice, Thai seasoning, black and white peppers thin cut into strips, served with rice, salad, and mild or hot sauce on side. They have other plentiful amount of choices to pick on the menu that I cant wait to try the next time I accidentally stop by =)     A Great place to satisfy your Thai/Japanese cravingsHours 10:15 a.m. to 8:45 p.m.Monday - Saturday
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2006,6/1/2006,1,3,1,4,3>A big find for me!! As the owner of 3 dogs, this was a great place to save some cash. I have a Standard Poodle, Cocker Spaniel and a Black Lab. The Lab doesn't need a whole lot of grooming but the other two need lots of brushing and washing. If I take them to the groomers, I end up paying $160.00 for two shampoos with haircuts. At the Ruff House, I only payed $17.00 for the Standard Poodle!!! Now here is the catch....it is a do it your self place that is only open on Wednesday's and Fridays from 11 to 4pm. I don't know if the hours change or not. I would definitely call ahead to make sure they were open. The stalls are very user friendly resembling a do it your self car wash. Your dog can walk up the ramp, into the washing stall and the hose does the rest! All you do is pick what soap you want and out it comes! Push another button for rinse and presto! Out comes warm water! There are a few choices of shampoos to choose from along with grooming brushes and combs. There is even supplies to clean your dogs ears. My only complaint is that the hair/fur dryer was kind of cold. This was my first time at this place and I found the owner very helpful and the equipment easy to understand and use. I am going back for sure. The whole process took less than one hour and I have a much cleaner dog to bring home! Tomorrow I will try to give him a haircut! How hard could it be......
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2006,5/31/2006,22,31,13,5,2>Szechuan crabSzechuan crabSzechuan crabSzechuan crabSzechuan crabSzechuan crabIt's on the special menu. OMG so spicy good, drop it like it's spicy crab.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2006,5/30/2006,6,20,2,3,3>So here's the thing,  when I think of noodles and American cooking put together in one restaraunt, what comes to my mind first?  Instant ramen.  The bad kind.      Zao Noodle Bar in that sense really surprised me.  It was a pleasant surprise.  It might be in line with when you're expecting a really bad movie, and come out surprised at that fact that it really wasn't as horrible as you thought it would be.      The service was good, I pretty much got what I wanted when I asked for it.  Oddly enough, I didn't notice a single male waiter.  (not that that's a bad thing...no...just odd)  The waitress was kind enough to change a drink order I had put in for my girlfriend after she decided she didn't like it, without any 2nd grade face-making, rolling of the eyes, and also without the attitude of Hades the god of dead ( or is it the underworld ) type of thing.   It was a nice change.      So here's the part of the food.  DUN DUN DUN...It was actually good!  The dishes seemed to be a sort of fusion between the different asian styles of cooking, with an american tinge.  I forget what I ordered, but it was a noodle dish...obviously right?  It also had some ... meat, mushrooms, and some bell peppers or something.  I dunno, it was a while ago.  but it was good.  So was my girlfriends dish...which I wasn't interested in, because I had my own to focus on.      Anyway, the overall atmosphere was nice and casual, pretty laid back and relaxed.  It sort of had an upbeat feeling considering it's location, and the busyness of the restaraunt.  Overall I think it deserves 4 stars.      Next time I visit the Apple Store at the U-village I'll be sure to have lunch here again!p.s. was this review too long? did anyone drop off of boredom mid way?  XD
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,6/19/2011,109,455,8,11,8>While I may be an Italia-phile, I am generally not an Italian food snob and have been known to eat at Olive Garden on rare occasion.  That said, I can distinguish between good, relatively authentic Italian food and Italian junk food.  As the other reviews convey, Vignole falls into the former category.Our large group took over the restaurant (sorry if you were one of the handful of other people who made the mistake of coming in last night) and hopefully the owner isn't regretting his decision to let us in the door because I'd really like to go back!   We dined family-style with a pre-set menu, which was a brilliant idea as the kitchen couldn't keep up even with these simplifications.  I dread to think how managing 25 disparate orders would have turned out.  Our tables were laden with water, red wine, and bread with oil and vinegar to start.  Then came an antipasti plate with a variety of nibbles including beets, mozzarella, and a few other items I've forgotten.  The salad with pears and a vinaigrette was among my most favorite items of the night.  Delicious!Then came a really long delay as the kitchen worked on the entrees.  I don't really hold this against the restaurant as serving a crazy group of demanding Yelpers can challenge the most organized and speedy of restaurants.  And the owner did a great job coming around the tables and making sure we had water, etc. to keep us going.The entrees were, in order of favorite to least: *ribs - tender and yummy. The meat just fell off the bone.*gnocchi - YUM! Gave the ribs a run for the money, but didn't care for the sensation of them sticking to the roof of my mouth.  I'll deal with it to eat more of the yummys though.*ravoli - stuffed with spinach I think, in a fresh tomato sauce. Very good.*fish - also good, but not sure we should have finished with the fish as it wasn't as impressive as the other dishes for me.And finally dessert. Oh my word.  Tiramisu, one of the better ones I've found outside of Italy (ok, I'm a tiramisu snob, I admit it!).  Red velvet cake, which isn't a traditional Italian dessert, but when it's this tasty, who cares?  And the star of the evening: black eyed pea cake.  I never knew any kind of pea could be turned into a dessert, let alone one so delicious.  It reminded me of a spice cake, and if I hadn't already been so full, I'm not sure my neighbors would have gotten to try any.I've been looking forward to trying this place for awhile now, and I'm happy to say that it did not disappoint in the slightest.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,6/18/2011,261,212,13,15,13>I love it when people come up with a brilliant idea such as Pie.  Imagine a place that serves up personal-sized mini sweet or savory pies that are baked fresh daily.  And check this out.....they have a late night window that stays open on Friday and Saturday nights from 9pm-2am.  Isn't that sick?!!I'm usually the guy who has to try everything on the menu (especially at a new place), so I've been getting two pies every visit.  So far I've had the huevos rancheros breakfast pie, the banana cream pie, the cherry pie, and the apple pie.  I have to say I'm very impressed with all of them.  The crust is flaky and tastes delicious, and the filling is perfect.  The savory pies pack a lot of flavor in the mini size and the sweet pies are not overly sweet.  Next on my list is the cheddar and bacon pie for breakfast.I would recommend getting one sweet and one savory pie for every visit.  You'll thank me.  Actually, you can thank me now for letting you in on this little Fremont secret.  You can pay me in pies.  That is all.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,6/17/2011,374,341,7,12,10>Ballard is full of trendy and tasteful shops and restaurants, mostly favoring youngish, modern clientele. So I was positively GOBSMACKED when I discovered this little coffer, chock full of baubles and jewels, in all of it's over-the-top, gaudy goodness.The owners greeted us immediately and warmly, and gave us each a business card in the form of a million dollar bill, "Because everyone could use a million dollars."The store sells copies of celebrity jewelry, (which in itself is a pretty silly concept) but still I gravitated toward the Jackie Kennedy and Hollywood collections, elegant and ostentatious and absolutely delicious.I bought a lustrous pair of pave hoops, and a simple, dainty sterling silver pendant for a gift.There are many things I'd never wear, but many I'd love to own. Like a shimmering, bedazzled beacon in the night, this store adds some enjoyable bling to an otherwise tasteful and restrained avenue.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,6/16/2011,37,230,11,16,11>Guy 1:  Isn't she adorably cute?Guy 2:  Yes, she is.  Is she real??Me:  Giggle, yes I'm real.Guy 2: I could just pinch her cheeks.Guy 1:  Oh yeah.. *pinch*Me:  Giggle, *wink*,  Thank you....I can't talk for all the girls out there, but I can say for myself that I'll take compliments like these anywhere I can get them.  If that means coming back to The Cuff more often on Friday nights, then so be it.Honestly that wouldn't be the only reason why I'd come back here, I've been here twice and I didn't feel it was fair for me to write a review the first time since we were only here for about a  1/2 hour the first time.This time around we came here to line dance and two step to country music and it was fabulously fun on a Friday night!!!The other night we were here, think it was a Saturday night, they were playing another type of music.The Cuff has a bar area with a pool table and some sort of gambling machines (???) upstairs and downstairs they have a wonderfully large dance floor and wonderful people to go dancing with!!!Cost for alcohol was ridiculously reasonable and staff was very friendly & knew what they were doing!!!Cover was only $5, not bad, if you ask me!!!What a great place to go dancing & not feel like it was a meat market!!!!WAIT... I didn't know they had a patio???  I guess I was having too much fun and didn't notice. I'll have to investigate that the next time I'm there!!!
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/15/2011,3276,1443,20,20,23>[Warning!  Delicious Taste-Alert!]  VA-VA-VA-VOOOOOMM!SITREPIt is really awe-inspiring for me to realize that I've been coming to LE PANIER, my very favorite French Bakery, for almost 26 years now since I first became aware of this delightful, artful, inspirational and delicious bastion of culinary & confectionary splendor.  On the West Coast, it is the establishment that I have had the longest ongoing relationship with - since 1985 - that I am "yelping" a review on.  [Ledo's Pizzeria in College Park, MD - since 1975 - has that distinction on the East Coast]. Le Panier has sustained my passionate appetite through many highs and lows of life.  Thus, in a very real sense, Le Panier is a "comfort food" home base for me.After births of babies, weddings of friends, and golden jubilees of elderly relatives, this delightful creator of fruit-filled patisseries and viennoiseries has contributed to the sweetness of such celebrations of life.  But in the wake of tragedies, such as after the Challenger explosion and destruction of the Twin Towers, tears were better soaked up and offset in the comfort of bags full of various Feuilletés, munched quietly and mournfully (and continuously) in silence while watching a TV screen blaring tragic news for hours.The reality is that when "life" both shoots me up to its peaks, and throws me back down into its valleys, delicious munchies are one of the few things that "ground" me.  And Le Panier for years - as any comfort food - has helped restore that "equilibrium" for me.LE MENU ITEMS & TIDBITSAnd speaking of patisseries, it should go without saying that the most outstanding selections on this front definitely are the chocolate, orange-grenache and raspberry macaroons, and then also the Éclair au chocolat filled with chocolate mousse (which reminds me of the indulgent "Death By Chocolate" experience at the Empress Hotel on Victoria Island).  You can get an amazing suger-filled and/or chocolate fix satisfied with these babies.If you have a hankering for something more substantial, there is an incredible selection of savory sandwiches, including my favorite, the Dinde - a tasty turkey, lettuce and dijonaisse - that suits me well for the lunchtime hour.  There are also many many selections of both Classic and Specialty French breads that you can collect here and take home after work for your own dinner party that you are throwing.VIVA LE TARTS!But I save the best for last, for it is those tasty delectable Feuilletés - those delightful savory puff pastry tarts - that have kept me coming back for years, and that obsess my mind when I'm in another city, or even another state, always when I'm not close enough to get one and can't have one!  *Despair!*  And where could I possibly start, for they are ALL SOOO GOOOOOOD..... a few of my favorites include...* Champignon, a savory tart featuring a creamy mushroom filling* A la Suisse, a savory tart featuring soufflé-style Emmental cheese filling* Epinard, a savory tart featuring a creamy spinach mixture filling* Normandie, a savory featuring a creamy chicken mixture fillingThere are so many other selections as well that I feel guilty not mentioning - some having a specific association to a fun night or a broken heart - but what I have listed in my review remain my all-time favorite items through time (which shockingly can be counted in DECADES now with this place).VIVA LE SANDWICHES!Melted gouda, on a baquette, with delicious veggies.  Or a toasted creation that is a larger version of the tarts.  THAT is what I'm talking about, friends.  Ohhhhh...THE LOWDOWNLe Panier is an outstanding bakery with an amazing variety of delicious, tasty, crunchy, scrumptious, chocolately, berrily, fluffy, sweet & savory yummies you will want to take full bags home with you.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,6/13/2011,139,94,15,13,16>Repeat this phrase: Its like crack for your mouth.Every time I stop by this stand I want to hug Jesse. First of all he is serving the late night drunks, which is commendable in and of itself. Number two, he's so personable! Now finally to the food. His little lumpia delights are really really good. The first time I stopped by I bought one. Well one just wasn't enough. The second time I ordered 3. Two chicken and one veggie (vegan!) Having a few of these on my walk back home makes me very happy.The only complaint I have about this food stand is the hours. Its not fair to not have these available at all times. I am convinced these are the best late night snack on the hill. Screw your street meat. I want me some lumpia.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,6/12/2011,375,578,5,9,8>I get super excited when something new opens up within walking distance from my home, but I like even more that the new establishment is awesome!I visited Tommy Gun (love the name!) earlier this week to check it out and grab a drink with a friend and we had a great time. The bartenders were super friendly, got to chat with a few of them, and they definitely know how to make some really great drinks. They are the type of bartenders that know their drinks, treat their customers well, and serve up some awesome drinks that they put effort into creating. The venue is comfortable, dimly lit, and it perfect to grab a drink with a friend or to go on a date. I will definitely return, maybe even tonight? I loved it and with a name like Tommy Gun, how could you not check this place out?If you are on Capitol Hill and looking for a great new bar with quality service, prices, and drinks, check this place out!
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,6/10/2011,220,284,17,15,11>My sunny yellow manicure was so pretty and pristine a week later, that nary a nail was bitten in that time. I know, it's a disgusting habit. I get nervous. But seriously, what kind of regular manicure ever really lasts that long? In that time, I gave blood, baked up a storm, celebrated New Year's and more. Hardly a chip! The lady was sweet but not too chatty, fast but efficient and clearly took her time shaping my nails, carefully applying layers of polish and top coat and gave me a nice hand/arm massage to boot. All for 12 buckaroos. Oh snap, I'm distracted by my nails again. Win.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,6/9/2011,94,80,14,16,8>Action:  **SLURP**Thought: "When can I come back?"Astonishingly, I am a newbie to the oyster scene. Luckily, I live in Ballard in close proximity to my new favorite restaurant. Oysters taste vary greatly depending on location and can hold an even greater variety in size, taste, texture and deliciousness. The servers at Walrus are beyond friendly and expectationally intelligent in Oyster knowledge. The oyster menu is beyond fresh. Menus are printed daily since Walrus receives their oysters daily. The waitress took her time to carefully describe each of the evenings oyster offerings in terms of mouthfeel, saltiness, creaminess etc, etc. Other highlights include the Steak Tartare with egg yolk, Smoked Trout with lentils, and the frizzled Brussels sprouts.So unless you are pregnant, Walrus and the Carpenter is a must. There are safe choices for you ladies with a bun in the oven, but once you deliver that baby - get your way down to Seattle's best new restaurant.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,6/8/2011,221,439,10,14,11>"Your face looks delicious!" I love this place so much that at one point I made their Stumptown Pulled BBQ Pork sandwich as my default profile picture on Facebook.  The BBQ sauce is made with Stumptown Coffee and the pork was so tender that you practically didn't have to chew.  When you add the crunch and the sweetness from the cabbage coleslaw, the sandwich just blends smoothly together.  To top off a good meal, they have excellent service and are very helpful.  I called in to make lunch reservations for four people at 2:00.  However, I didn't know that's when they stop seating for lunch, but they did their best to accommodate for us by getting us all set up before they closed for dinner prep.With great service and wonderful food, this is definitely a gem in Seattle dining.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,5/27/2010,174,215,14,14,14>I think I've been taking Pagliacci for granted for far too long. I love calling these friendly and efficient people for take-out.  Sometimes, I want to hug them over the phone.The pizza is so good, but I've considered ordering just the Pagliacci salad. I respect the company and their commitment to fresh ingredients. I even admit to reading their newsletter although I'm routinely mocked for this.I really don't know what I'd do without them.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,5/26/2010,519,323,7,14,14>Cinnebarre is pretty damn cool.  I feel like it still has some kinks to work out, but overall it's definitely my favorite movie theater in the area.  First off, the prices are spectacular.  The food is also really fresh, which says a lot on its own.  Real butter on the popcorn, freshly cut French fried potatoes, and freshly ground beef for the burgers.  The french fries are some of the best I've had in Seattle.  We've gone a few times; most recently this past weekend.  I was really excited to see that they expanded the menu with some great new items, one of which is the "Heidi" sandwich, a 3 cheese, grilled cheese sandwich.  I had the "It's a Wonderful Life" sandwich that was pretty delicious, with turkey, cranberry sauce, and whipped cream cheese. The drink prices are also very affordable, pitchers of mimosa or sangria for only $20, or just $6 for a large glass.  This past weekend, our total food bill came to $45 for two sandwiches with fries, popcorn, fried cheese sticks, a large pop, and a mimosa.  The prices are way cheaper than typical theater food.The only downside that I've experienced is the service.  The problem is that it's simply a flawed system.  It's not like being at a restaurant, where your waiter is always close by and easy to grab if something is needed.  For cheese sticks, I don't love marinara.  I usually find marinara bland, which is the case with Cinebarre's.  We asked our server to bring some ketchup for them and he forgot.  By the time we got the rest of our order, which  came with ketchup, the cheese sticks were cold and hard.  Even with the challenging service, I'm a big fan of Cinnebarre.  I am totally rooting for Cinnebarre and I hope that it remains a longtime fixture in Mountlake Terrace!!
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,5/24/2010,316,105,10,17,15>Somehow, this wonderful little place in Renton manages to serve up Indian food that is superior to the offerings of any other place in the greater Seattle area. Word on the street is that this is the same Naan N Curry that used to be located in Berkeley.  The family moved to Renton and brought the restaurant with them.  Prior to my visit last week I had no idea that downtown Renton was so cute-- I even noticed a Bikram yoga studio down the street-- and upon entering the restaurant I was immediately taken in by the soft lighting, warm dark colors and the aroma rich with the promise of deliciousness to come.  I came with Naan N Curry veteran Naurry K and felt it appropriate to let him run the show-- I was far from disappointed with his choices.  Naurry has achieved celebrity status here.  His review is highlighted on a laminated card that comes with the menu, and the owner personally took our order and chatted with us a bit.  He was quite charming and gracious.  The Butter Chicken and Palak Paneer were deeply flavorful, just spicy enough to generate some heat, and seasoned with a delicate complexity unlike anything I have had before.  The naan was especially voluminous and stuck the perfect balance between soft and crispy.  I usually prefer garlic naan but the plain was perfect for dunking in the butter chicken sauce (liquid crack).   I started the meal with a Masala Chai which was served unsweetened, just how I like it.  Leftovers were eaten for breakfast the next morning (despite eating to full capacity the portions were generous enough that I had enough for another meal).  I'm already fantasizing about my next trip back.  I really do think it deserves its burgeoning status as a destination restaurant...in Renton!
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,5/23/2010,142,37,22,20,20>Quinn's has a menu that would make Anthony Bourdain's pants tight and vegetarians cry. pork belly, beef tongue, foie gras, rabbit pate, chicken liver, duck eggs, marrow bones and....holy shitake mushrooms, the $30 Ultimate Burger blew my gluttonous mind last saturday night. vegetarians, look away. Painted Hills beef, oxtail, bacon, foie gras and a sunny side duck egg stuffed between buttery lightly toasted buns. served with fries drizzled with demi-glace. just typing that gave me a hard-on. do not attempt to eat this burger alone. unless you're a rugby player-sized (wo)man. i shared mine with 3 men, each twice my size. of course, i supplemented with a wild boar sloppy joe. the boys supplemented with pints and pints of beer. the wild boar sloppy joe is another must-try. it comes with crispy onion rings and a roasted jalapeno pepper. $10. the regular menu burger is $13 and features the same juicy Painted Hills beef. i also highly recommend the foie gras with brioche, peaches and watercress ($16) and marrow bones with citrus jam ($12). it gets crazy busy here weekend nights but it's worth the wait. it can also look a bit fancy and pretentious from the outside, but it totally isn't. i promise! the decor is simple, rustic, high-ceilinged and cozy. the service is unpretentious, casual, fun and friendly. they have a great beer selection and an affordable wine list. the cocktails are reasonably priced, strong and tasty.come for some fancy pub food in a cozy, unpretentious atmosphere. you'll probably spot me at the bar sucking on some marrow bone or inhaling the sloppy joe.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2009,5/22/2010,114,197,11,11,12>I like! I really, really really like! Reasons why I like...1. Meat, meat, and more MEAT! -- Had the Shelter Signature sandwich with pulled pork, melted cheese, caramelized onions and specialty sauce. Sandwich bread was toasted and buttery. Ah, the best! 2. Bloody Marys --  Spicy, delicious and perfect. They also have a very handsome cocktail menu. 3. Top notch service -- Bartender was polite and attentive. Loved her!4. Perfect Apps -- Had the Ahi Crisps. Fresh, full of flavor, and delicious. Daily Happy Hour is 4p-6p and all apps are $4. 5. Warm and cozy atmosphere -- Wood interior and a heated patio with its own bar. Fireplace inside, fire pit outside. Can't beat that.6. MEAT -- Did I mention they have meat? Tons of meat on their menu! Chicken, pork, steak, and some fish! I love me some meat! I want more. I MUST have more! I just might go back for more tonight.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,5/21/2010,718,1048,16,14,17>It does exist!!!We didn't believe that this park/pond existed in between all those big stores and strip-mall restaurants/businesses!The going theory is that this is the place for employees of all those businesses to.... relax. Yeah. Relax. Enjoy nature. Eat lunch. And stuff.YAY PARKS!
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,5/20/2010,286,643,10,15,16>Honore will now forever be known as where I was introduced to baby Betsey S. Between delicious bites of cauliflower, bacon and goat cheese quiche and a yummy pastry that's like sweet and salty heaven, I was able to hold the sweetest baby in the world. A sweet little baby in a sweet little bakery. What could be better? Not much, I say.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,5/19/2010,367,192,30,24,24>It's 330am and I'm still completely trashed from the awesome party Katy 2.0 threw. Between the plentiful booze, boobs and bananas how can you not have a good time? Hair stations, make up stations, professional photographers made the night special. The drinks were super awesome and the chocolate fondue was awesome. Putting this event on prime time Friday night meant that we could have a good time without worrying about waking up at 6am the next morning. The only thing that could have made it better was donkey and clowns but I heard that donkeys weren't allowed into the bar and the clowns were busy at the Lusty Lady.  The DJ was awesome. How can you not love someone spinning Rob Base and DJ E-Z rock? I know there were plenty of yelpers having a good time on the dance floor because at one point we did the hump train and I didn't get to ride caboose. It's been only 4 weeks since the last event. I don't know how Katy set this up so quickly but it rocked. And thanks to the thoughtful yelpers who helped set up and clean up. You could tell that people really put some serious effort to get this all together and it paid off.  And not only did I get to have two of the hottest no pants girls as my dates, but I also won Prom Princess She-bitch! Thank yelpers for making my life dream come true!  Just don't tell my mom.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,5/18/2010,293,280,5,12,10>Don't be a "pendejo" (fool) and turned away by the funny name.  When you sit on the stools and see a friendly staff and Lady Guadalupe looking back at you at Senior Moose, the atmosphere is as close to a Mexican street cafe as you'll find in Seattle.  Though I'm still disappointed that they don't cube homemade tortillas for their chilaquiles, most everything else about this place is pretty wonderful.  It sounds like a simple thing, but, their black beans are made to perfection...the perfect amount of saltiness and starchiness to go with a nice Mexican hot chocolate.  When you add that to one of the better Mexican breakfast menus around town, it's a great combination.  So, I'm upgrading this place to 4 stars...This time I ordered Huevos a la Mexicana, and it was an authentic and filling combination when paired with black beans and Mexican hot chocolate.  Probably my favorite huevos a la Mexicana of all time were at the cafe Trucho Ocho in Guanajuato, Mexico.  These weren't quite as amazing as those ones in Guanajuato with nice bolillos by the side, but, they were still very good.  If they made homemade tortillas and made small changes to the chilaquiles preparation, this place would be 5 stars in my book.   Breakfast at Senior Moose, lunch at Tacos Guaymas in Greenlake, and dinner at La Carta de Oaxaca is about as good as it's going to get for Mexican food in Seattle.  But, if I did all three in a day, I wouldn't be able to walk home.    :(Other cool menu items that I'd like to try in the future:  chorizo con papas y nopales, frijolitos con platano, y bistec de cerdo enchilados...   Mmmmm....   Que rico!
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,5/17/2010,149,196,9,17,12>At the age of 4, I learned to use chopsticksAt the age of 5, I was an expert at the chopstick/soup spoon comboAt the age of 6, I decided my favorite foods are spicy beef noodle soup and Chinese dumplings.How does Szechuan Noodle Bowl's spicy noodle soup rank to my well seasoned taste buds? Pure excellence. The broth is flavorful, spicy, and packs a punch but not overwhelmingly so. The beef itself is slow cooked, juicy, and tender. And last but not least, the noodle are thick, handmade, and cooked to their ultimate chewy goodness.What about the dumplings?The dumplings are also handmade and reminiscent of delicious mom and pop dumplings they sell at Asian street markets. The dumpling "skin" is kneaded thick, wrapped around a nugget of pork and boiled until "al dente". Personally, I loved their dumpling dough but would have liked a little more meat to dough ratio.If you choose to visit Szechuan Noodle Bowl, don't expect any sort of fancy decor inside. The most expensive dish is $6 and it is CASH ONLY.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,8/7/2008,225,519,12,15,13>And for my 100th Review... The best restaurant EVER! Not joking..."I heart pork jowl"- "I love pork jowl" - "Mom, make me pork jowl- oh yay, and deep fried game hen"What is pork jowl? We are still not really really sure and I am not sure Megan R. and I want to know. So you know- All of the above statements were uttered Friday night, March 7th. When you go you will understand why*How to Cook a Wolf blows your mind and makes you smile in little kid I got a bubblegum ice cream cone sort of way.  Walk in and you are greeted by a open view of the kitchen and tiny bowls of ingredients sitting everywhere and anywhere. There is a wait- just sit out the anticipation around the corner at Opal with a class of wine* The seating is arranged around the kitchen with it the focal point. It is small intimate space- perfect for exploring a new flavor world. Light woods that coat the walls and ceiling are paired with copper siding and dark wood tables. The food was small plates- arranged into appetizers and entrees that are mostly pasta. Though the food is Italian in idea I felt that is was Northwest in source. Foodie description- Polenta- tender and creamy in perfect point solid shape form with seared top and bottom that mimicked carmelization- melted to folk with strong aggressive cheese puddle to use for dippingScallops- seared and perfect with dyjonnaise streak on plate- soft, fleshy, and flavorful- glided into pieces with a simple utensil touchPasta 1- pillows filled with kale and ricotta- simple in description and beyond explanation in density of flavor and levels of enjoyment- balsamic sprinkling takes on a sweet savory flavor- you will lick the platePasta 2- thick spaghetti/udon-like noodles with a tomato base and pork jowl- flavorful oil taste but not visible presence- noodles are so lite in center that pasta takes on hollow bite feel- pork jowl texture was like large tender pancetta pieces were quick crisp seared This combination and dinner could be my new request for last meal on earth... It was that good.There is good... and great... and then there are experiences that make you want live at the restaurant, be adopted by Mr. Ethan, and tell everyone on the street they must go... now!
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2008,8/5/2008,141,930,11,12,11>It was a cold day I was hungry I wasn't sure what I wanted and for some reason I was driving up Jackson St.  I remember seeing the Grand Opening sign at My Linh while dining at The Lemongrass a while back and decided I'd pull over and give them a try.I'm in there between the lunch and dinner rush so the place is only a third full, I'm seated right away and provided a menu, some water and tea.  The menu had way to many items I'm not going to lie I was bit overwhelmed I didn't know what to get a bun, a crepe or pho, decisions, decisions.Oh wow they have curry goat stew and barbeque quail and pork liver & intestine congee and broken rice.  What to order, what to order?!?!  OK I chickened out and went for an order of the egg rolls to start and a small pho ga.  I wasn't feeling very adventurous this day.First to arrive were, what I like to call, the pho accessories.  They looked fresh but upon further inspection the bean sprouts look a little limp and they were limp to the bite but the basil and jalapeos and lime were fresh and fine.  Next came my egg rolls.  The egg rolls while heat hot were awesome not greasy and filled with just enough meat and spices and served with salad and pickled carrots to enjoy with then the order came with 2 each cut into 4 pieces so a dish to share, I ate one full roll and thought about the second but was too full. My small huge bowl of pho ga arrives and on first look the pho looked good and there was a lot of pho than I saw the grease circles floating on top and the chicken I could tell it was fresh chicken as the skin was still on it.  I noticed right away they used green onions instead of white which I liked and they had lots of cilantro in there which I love. I dressed my bowl up and took my first sip like the egg rolls were heat hot but also full of flavor. I added more siracha sauce and dug head first into my bowl. It was good but I can't lie I had issues with the skin on the chicken I did my best to take it off but with chopsticks and a soup spoon it got hard my fingers got messy so I gave up and stopped eating the chicken.  Seeing bumpy skin floating around in there turned me off.  The rest of the soup had nice flavors and if I closed my eyes and ate it I was ok but the bumpy chicken skin was a visual turn off for me. I will comment that the place was clean though the floors could have be swept but I did get there right after the lunch hour so maybe they had not gotten around to it.  But I over looked the trash on the floor because of the soothing, what I assume to be, Vietnamese music playing in the background which added to the experience and the bumpy chicken skin.  Even with the dirty floor and chicken skin I liked it better than The Lemongrass and will definitely be back soon.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2007,8/4/2008,704,321,23,21,24>You walk in after a tough one, pull up a stool and the bartender smiles.I sit down by myself as I wait for a friend, and the room is quiet. Then a guy sitting two bar stools down asks, "So who's the quiet guy who just ruined that inappropriate conversation we were having?" Then everyone in the room laughs! There is a energy that pulses through this place on a daily basis. The people here talk to each other... they smile, they strike up the conversation without any awkwardness and life breathes forward. It's been my long held belief that this place must have contained some great love in the past that still echoes through time, because it radiates through the room. There is a joy here, a friendliness... and you know what? It's the perfect nightcap every single time!
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,8/2/2008,54,26,50,27,24>Last week I had some unpleasant business which involved a lot of needles, morphine, barfing and many, many, many hours of of very unfun testing fall into my lap. It was a fucking blast! No it wasn't. But check this weird shit out:You know that scene in "Annie" where she first walks into Daddy Warbucks' mansion and his entire house crew greets her with a song and a choreographed dance routine and a lot of heartfelt enthusiasm? Well, minus the song and dance and the promise that I'm "Gonna Like it Here!", that was more or less the service with which I was presented throughout my entire stay at  Harborview's ER.  Perhaps it was the staggering amount of horrifying bullshit that was playing out around me and most likely happens there every single day. Maybe they were just stoked to see someone who wasn't wearing a prison issued spit bag over their head or  flailing  their abcess covered arms around in a drug fueled rage but I've gotta say that the people that dealt with me all day long were nothing less than saintly. I can't honestly recall being treated that well in any hospital, ever.But they didn't adopt me. I'm still waiting for a bald man to take me away from all this poverty.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2008,8/1/2008,200,171,15,12,13>Columbia City Farmers' Market, I love you.Once a week, from May to October, you offer my daughter donut muffins and donut peaches and all the running wild with a pocketful of cash and a gang of her peers she can possibly gorge on in one afternoon. You sweet thing, you take me on honeymoon every Wednesday.I just always wonder, my beloved Columbia City Farmers' Market, where the hell did you put the shade?
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2008,7/31/2008,151,143,14,14,15>WOWChecked this place out last night for dinner, and everyone in our group of four was thoroughly impressed.  The service, the food, the drinks, the value - all top notch.  I had the prime rib, and it was amazing.  No really, like free booze, like no pants, like points at crotch, like summer in Seattle f'ing good.We chatted with both the manager and owner, and both were gracious and committed to ensuring we walked out happy - and we did.  Not to mention that the service is the best I've experienced in quite a while.I'll definitely be back often.  You should come too.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,7/30/2008,26,62,33,2,6>I had a strange sensation when leaving Canal Street Coffee tonight that I had forgotten something.  I checked for my keys and my wallet, and everything was there, so I went home.It is now 3:30 AM.  I just emptied out my purse, and an object fell out which alerted me to what it was that I forgot to do.Yes, it was I who stole the bathroom key.  I'm sorry.  I will bring it back tomorrow.  I hope none of you need to pee before then.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,7/29/2008,39,98,6,8,9>It was like the best goddamn grade school lunch EVER!  Goddamn the mac and cheese was good.  Wow, completely blown away by noodles and melted cheese.  The chicken pot pie was huge and tasty.  I was damn happy after sharing these two items with my friend, Chau.  She rocks!  And today is her 29th birthday.  Goddamn.I like the dark bar with cool old portraits and of course, animal heads on the walls.  Very old school atmosphere.  Waiter was attentive despite it being fairly crowded.  Good times all-around.  I'm going back for some mac and cheese and the pot pie.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2008,7/28/2008,942,857,11,12,13>This is an establishment that I've been going to since I was a little kid, and I hate that I forgot that it's there!!!! :( So one morning I was on my way to work, and was craving a sandwich. As I was checking my messages on yelp, lol!! there was a review by a elite friend of mine, and I thought to myself.. FATE!!! so I called in an order, my usual: the firecracker with extra cheese.. hey.. when I go big I go big!!! soooooooooooooooooo..... when I arrived to the sandwich shop, they were just taking it out of the toaster, and I ate half of it right there and then.. AGAIN IN UNDER A MINUTE!! lol... and omg, it brought back memories of my youth, and how this establishment used to be one of my favorites :)love you tubs, I have been cheating on you with paseo, and it just got messy.. But now I am back on the dating scene with you hahahhah
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2008,7/27/2008,123,289,8,10,10>Oh I hurt.....Went there for the Yelpers Karaoke Night...last minute James & I decided to just eat there before the big shindig so we ordered BBQ pork and General Tso Chicken. We were a bit surprised at the prices, but I thought it better be really good for the price....I am VERY picky when it comes to Chinese because I tend to compare everything to my favourite hometown restaraunt, House of Kee. Well, I was NOT disappointed! YUMMY! It was better than expected. And by the time we got to the General Tso I was getting full from the BBQ Pork so we looked at the Tso plate saying 'OMG'....there was a good helping of it, so we ended up passing the rest to the fellow Yelpers. I'd love to go back there again for a family dinner though because I want me some Potstickers (which are HUGE- someone else ordered those), Won Ton soup, and Fried Rice. I'm curious to see if the family dinner plates are as big as when you order the plates seperately. Drinks were....let's say....generously-poured (not over-generous)- just right, IMO- And not expensive either.But be careful- if you don't finish your food or haven't done karaoke before, the karaoke lady will not hesitate to make you feel bad or embarassed about it. Although she has a good voice (she has been doing it since like the 80's obviously) and cleans up the tables as she's singing, you will be reminded that you are not a regular there. Anywho, besides that factor, it was a fun atmosphere and great food. Definately a hot spot for groups!
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,3/6/2012,475,222,16,21,14>Hands down without a doubt THE best bibimbap I have ever had, in fact... this is the only joint I'll order bibimbap.While other neighborhoods may have fusion-mexi-cupcake-melts in spades, when it comes to good ol K-Food, the North end has it in spades. Sam Oh Jung is one of those places I will go to when I'm hankerin for some good ol (Korean) home cooking and when my bum is too lazy to cook it for myself.You'll fin your standard fare here, an abundance of banchan, soon du boo, bulgogi to kalbi. So there really aren't any surprises.The prices are excellent, and their lunch specials are some of the most inexpensive when it comes to Korean fare. Did I mention the best bibimbap?The wait staff is quick, efficient, polite, and generally are easy to order from. I can't say I have ever had a bad experience here. The place is always neat and tidy and when a table is emptied, they are quick on the cleanup... all for the sake of getting us to our K-Grub much quicker yeah?I love this place and you should too...5 holy-kimchi-batman-that's-some-good-bibimbap stars out of 5
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,3/5/2012,325,469,6,10,8>I somewhat blindly chose Moshi Moshi for my birthday dinner. I did some research, found out this place accepts reservations and handled groups well (thanks, Yelp) and I of course had heard of and seen the big cherry blossom tree. Overall I have to say I was pleased with the experience. I had a few different cocktails which were absolutely delicious (the naughty seven was probably my favorite [and I'm usually not that into gin] although the India Trading Company [or something like that] was delicious, but pricey). For food I had the spicy scallops and the geisha roll... and holly frick.... the geisha was absolutely delicious and quite possibly the best roll I've had. Loved the sweetness, savory, and spiciness. Perfect blend and the sweet mango had such a smooth texture and it made for a roll that practically melted in your mouth. The spicy scallop was nice... I probably wouldn't order another one on my next visit but that's mainly because they have so many good looking things on the menu. Throughout the night I sampled some of the other things my friends ordered and was overall impressed with what people had. I believe the poke (which I had never had) was the most memorable and I would definitely order that next time). I thought the green tea creme brulee they brought out (complete with a candle!) was delicious and I enjoyed the ice cream cake type thingy my friend ordered. Overall service was fine. I think it's hard to handle large groups (I think there were 17 of us total with a few leaving early and a few arriving late) so the logistics of something like that can be difficult. It was great seeing so many friends and I will definitely be back to order the geisha roll!
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,3/4/2012,109,455,10,10,10>It's been over a year, I've been to Rock Box a number of times (including for my birthday as postulated earlier), but there isn't really much to add in the way of an update.  Rock Box is still awesome, the songs are still hot, the drinks are still strong, and the staff is still great.  I've been in some of the smaller rooms, and while the party room with its corner stage is a monkey barrel of fun, the smaller rooms do have their appeal.  I've noticed a few technical issues occasionally pop up and I don't know if that's because the equipment wears out really quickly due to all the use or if we're just lucky, but it's always been fixed either by one of the more technical-abled of our group, or by the staff.A tip: singing at the bar is free and doesn't require a reservation, so it's a great way to warm up and kill some time if you get there early.
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,3/3/2012,130,114,3,17,9>Finally made it over to Seattle Cultural Center for their Swedish pancake breakfast, held on the first Sunday of each month. It is exactly as described. Either you like Swedish pancakes (pannkakor) or you don't. If you haven't had them, Swedish pancakes are basically crepes but maybe slightly thicker and sort of folded into threes. They are not stuffed but rather covered in lingonberry or strawberry compote/preserve and fresh whipping cream.When you arrive at Swedish Cultural Center you are greeted by someone in traditional Swedish costume who opens the door for you. This is on the first floor which is slightly below street level. Then you walk up to pay for the meal (cash only). It is currently $9, which is quite a bargain for what you get. They will give you two tickets, usually one red and one white. Take the red ticket to the line immediately to your left upon entering. Don't worry about finding a table (dining is family style in circular tables, you share the table with others); there are always people coming and going, a table will open for you.When you get to the front of the line just drop the red ticket in the basket. The first server will give you piece of ham, then you get 3 Swedish pancakes, then you decide what kind of preserve you want (either lingonberry or strawberry), finally you get a heaping pile of fresh whipped cream. To your right you may grab an orange juice, served in little Dixie cups. Then just try to find a table. At your table you will find a coffee cup and silverware. The crowd is pretty diverse, lots of older people but also younger groups, families, etc. Try talking to some of your tablemates and listen to the excellent band that plays traditional songs. Some people get up and dance.If you are still hungry (a big if) you can use your white ticket to get seconds only on pancakes. This is a separate line, and it seems they give you 2 pancakes for seconds. If you are still hungry after seconds then you have a problem. You may also want to ask for less preserve and whipped cream, they really use quite a lot.Are these the best Swedish pancakes you are ever going to find? I seriously doubt it. Patty's Egg Nest for one has a much tastier option, which you can also add eggs to. They also use much higher quality ham. Their lingonberry preserve is also a bit tarter which I feel tastes better.But for $9 this in an excellent option and a good way to meet some new people and listen to some nice music. Tax is included. Gratuity is optional, there are jars on the tables if you would like to tip.Afterward, walk around the grounds to view the displays. They have some paintings, dolls showing the different national dress (based on region), a gallery of Swedish kings/queens and more. On the upper floor (3rd floor up from where you eat) there is a great view of the surrounding water and neighborhood. Also a library to research Swedish/Finnish geneology, free second-hand books in Swedish language, and various newsletters that cater to people with an interest in Scandinavia. If you become a member of the Center ($55) you can get one free breakfast ($9 value), one free dinner ($18 value), and all the future pancake breakfasts are only $6 for you.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,3/2/2012,40,149,5,10,6>I've been here twice and both times it has been delicious, consistent and really fast.I'm really msg sensitive and I do believe their soup is msg free.I love pho and my favorite is with tripe and tendon (last item on the menu). Their tendon is really good, the tripe is also exceptionally good and I like that you can order extra meatballs or extra meat items. My extra meatballs set me back eighty cents!Vietnamese tripe and the tripe you get with menudo are totally different.The tripe found in Pho is crispy almost--it could be a cabbage-like leaf. It is cut in small pieces. It's quite good with the plum sauce and red peppers.Tendon is delicious too. It is prepared in a meatloaf-like pan and then sliced and arranged in the soup with other meats. I like the unifying look of all the green chopsticks in the high ceilinged room. The first time I was there the sun was so bright coming through the windows that I had to retreat to the darker side of the room. This is cheap, filling and delicious--and I found parking!
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,3/1/2012,204,230,8,10,8>Oh B'geezus!  How do I not have a review for Rovers yet?  I was working on my "Got Time and Money to Kill" list and realized it wasn't on my review list. Shame on me, Alice!  This should have been the first ever review I wrote.Rovers is amazing. If you like fine dining, well-prepared food, and well, pampering and decadence (and of course, if you can afford it), then you need to dine here.  The staff is professional, the sommelier wise beyond his years (and your ears will ring with all the fancy French words and wine terms he throws at you), and Chef Thierry will pay you a visit, for that personal touch.If it's your first time, don't be shy. Go all out and hit the grand degustation menu.  If there are ingredients on the menu that you don't like, swapping IS ALLOWED!  I'm always swapping something out in exchange for the infamous caviar scrambled egg and the seared foie option.  These are staple pieces for my Rovers experience each time I have the pleasure of dining here (I've been going 1-3/year in the last 5 years).One final piece of advice. If you like wine, relinquish complete control and trust the sommelier.  Go with their wine pairings. If you can't handle 9 glasses of wine in 3 hours (I can't), they can split the pairing for you. If I could end this review with a cheer, I would. GoooOooOo Rovers! I love them/him/it.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,2/29/2012,44,201,15,49,37>I had them come out to my new house a few months ago to do a gas furnace service and a hot water heater service. My mom has been using them for years so I thought I'd check them out. I checked their website before calling to see if they had any specials going. At the time they had their spring special which was a heater and hot water heater service together for a very reasonable price (less than the cost of the furnace service alone!). The techs that came out were very friendly and got the job done within an hour or two. I will definitely call these guys if I ever have any more plumbing or heating needs.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,2/28/2012,113,273,25,18,16>Dear Rabbit Hole,We need to talk. I simply can't keep coming in and drinking your stiff and reasonably-priced drinks, no matter how much I like sitting at your bar or outside patio. It doesn't matter that you're a Belltown oasis, calm and laidback, with friendly service and skee ball. Because, you see, I can't say no. I can't stop imbibing and then I lose the whole next day to rolling around in bed with a wicked hangover. It's not you, it's me. I think I need to take a break, try other bars. You're just too good and it scares me.Best wishes,CorinnaP.S. Can I come see you sometime this week?
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,2/27/2012,601,289,11,14,16>decadenceyou know the feeling you get when you try on an expensive coat?  it's not like any other feeling.  you don't just throw it on, you slip your arms slowly in to the sleeve, and feel the lining enveloping you.  you can tell immediately that you have to buy it and you don't want to wear anything else.  this is how i felt when i tried the cupcakes from cake envy.they are decadent, tasty, and wonderfully delicious.  like any designer piece, i wasn't crazy with every single collection.  the ones that stood out the most were the unique ones that i will remember even after i walk out of the store. i LOVED the mexican chocolate spice cupcake.  loved it. loved it. loved it.  their red velvet should be the industry standard.  the cake is moist, the frosting light, flavorful and not overbearing.  and it doesn't end there.  the creme du crop was their espresso.  i don't understand how there wasn't a long line just for their coffee.  i would just get coffee, a cupcake, then walk around greenlake a few times so i can come back after the walk to get another coffee and cupcake.  so good.  so a beautifully made jacket will cost you at least a few hundred dollars (or if you want to go high end, a few thousand)but come here, pay about $3 to get the same feeling.  so worth it and so glad that it's here. :)
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,2/26/2012,205,443,7,7,9>This is my go-to place.  Upstairs from Tavern Law (my go-to place too).  You have call up from the phone that's by the door, name the # in your party or the secret password (depending on the night). I prefer drinking on off-nights = Sunday-Thursday.  When it's crowded up there, it's crowded, and VERY hot up there.  You get much better service when it's not crowded and hot.  I like my space.I order drinks based on the desired emotion I would like: lately it's been, "happy and ravishing, extra ravishing please".  Amazing concoctions appear!Food is awesome.I love the decor in there - it's like from the days of speakeasies, bustiers and garter belts.  Nude women in vintage photographs line the wall as you walk up the stairs.  Music from the 20s enters your ears as you walk into the bar.  One of the best bars in the nation I think - made #25 in GQ's top bars list too (we were at that party, of course).
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2006,3/23/2006,0,0,2,1,1>The Red Robin Gourmet Burger includes bacon, cheese and a fried egg, which I would have to say is one of the best buger-ideas ever to grace the earth. The decor is insanely cheesy, with a variety of artwork of the signature robin in various uniforms (such as a baseball player or a pilot). Also, many pieces of kitsch spin or move, which is great to look at during an early hangover-lunch. My favorite part about this place would be the abundant overweight family patrons and the bottomless fries, included with all sandwiches.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2006,3/22/2006,7,17,6,1,2>I went here for desserts one night and our server was very friendly. We actually ended up chatting about his and his wife's extensive tequila collection. He politely refused to donate a bottle to my party that weekend, which I'm rightly docking one star for here.As for the food itself, I was torn between the frutti di bosco and the mango sorbet. I ordered the former and the girl I was with ordered the sorbet in a flagrant attempt to win my favor. The sorbet was great, but much to her consternation, it takes more than that to bed me.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2006,3/21/2006,5,42,1,3,3>We love their Mediterranean Chicken salad. Chicken is prepared in the same manner as the lovely Shish Tawook. Simply delightful, great spices, mixed in a cream topping. Cream isn't quite the right word, neither is sauce. Spiced with just right. The chicken tops salad greens with a nice garlic sauce. The full meals, such as Shish Tawook and Chicken Shwarma are a delight as well and come with a nice soup or salad (same greens as the Chicken salad). These fuller meals are served with rice and spice and topped with hummus that rocks. Garlic lovers, this is your heaven.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2005,3/20/2006,5,99,,1,2>I love this pub...and I especially love the beer on tap.  It definitely has the authentic pub feel, with rustic wood tables and chairs, lots of space and great decor.  It feels a bit like a pub you'd find in Dublin, not too trendy, but definitely a cool vibe.  Great Irish beer tops it off, Murphy's and Guinness...gotta love the dark stuff.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2006,3/19/2006,40,428,3,4,4>Cheap, round the clock, and the best thing is .. people leave you alone if you need some mind-space to do some writing. The food is served in portions so large, even *I* needed to take some home. It can be a bit greasy but it's very tasty. Screw Beth's and come here.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2006,3/18/2006,27,68,2,2,2>My GOD.  Who KNEW such insanely delicious and authentic New Mexican grub could be had in Seattle of all places??  Skeptical NM natives agree that the SFC is bombtastic eats.  1) Skip the tortilla chips and guac/salsa, 2) Straight to the bar (look at the beautiful original oil paintings on the way).  Order house margarita, rox, salt.  3) Repeat step 2 as needed.  4) Have the green salad with house blue cheese-tarragon dressing. 5) Devour blue corn enchilada plate, Christmas style (claro!). 6) Skip dessert, they bring a tasty mint.  Now nevermind the rain, stumble down the hill to Fremont and go find more nice drinks...
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2006,3/17/2006,14,415,1,1,1>ok this place pretty much is just mediocore americainized asian food. However they do a darn good job at it. I highly suggest their happy hour for quick cheap food if your downtown and looking to kill time. all the appiziter are  $3 and so are the drinks. The wait staff is super friendly so you can always count on good service.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2005,3/15/2006,12,156,2,6,4>Are you broke, but need to get stocking stuffers for little nieces and nephews? Or, are you planning a Luau for your 20-something friends and need decor? Or, do you need to add to your cereal-mascot bobble-head collection? If you answered yes to any of these questions, you should zip right over to Archie McPhee's in Ballard. Now spread over to two stores (the former liquor store that shared it's parking lot), this is a rather famous Seattle attraction now. Expect long lines around Halloween and Christmas, but be impressed by how their staff can remember how much every one of the little toys from the bins costs, without a price tag. The store is affiliated with a novelty maker called Accoutrements, that makes funny things like the Barista Action Figure (and the Librarian Action Figure too). Hell, it's hard to describe everything that is in there. If you are just bored some Saturday or Sunday, take a friend for 45 minutes and browse. I promise you, you will get good laughs.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2005,3/14/2006,44,174,1,2,1>I like bathing my dog here.  Full size bathtubs for bathing!  plenty of shampoo, conditioner and ear cleaner for your pooch.  They also offer sitting services but I mainly come here for the bathing.  Check out the photos. It's my dog, Hank!
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2005,3/13/2006,43,8,2,,>I could explode eating their cream puffs, and I usually come pretty close just eating a medium-sized bowl of pho. Much better service than at Than brothers, although their stereo system is always tuned into the local light Christian FM station, which isn't exactly my favorite meal soundtrack. Parking on the road in front of the restaurant is usually nonexistant, so it's lucky that there's generally a spot open in the tiny 4-space dirt lot behind the building. Other than the auditory atmosphere, there's really nothing bad to be said about this place, and plenty of good to be tasted.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2006,9/14/2006,122,165,4,8,6>"Belltown Regrade Off Leash Area Sucks," said a friend of mine...who lives near dog heaven Magnuson Park.For those of us living closer to concrete parks than freshwater lakes, the Belltown off leash area is an emerald in the...er...emerald city.We live in a one bedroom condo in Lower Queen Anne/Uptown with our two large dogs. Yes, really. While we walk far and frequently with our pups, we appreciate the off leash area in Belltown as a mini-amusement park for dogs. They can run, jump, wrestle, and socialize--activities they don't normally enjoy in the condo (unless you count getting into trouble afterward). Pekingeses to pit bulls, bassets to bulldogs, dachshunds to dobermans, we've seen many sizes, many breeds. Sometimes the dogs we see are pretty mellow, other times quite vocal and rowdy. Each day is different at the belltown dog park, but maybe that's one reason why we keep going back.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2006,9/13/2006,29,138,4,13,13>Okay, I freely admit that I am a New Yorker.  And as a New Yorker, I also freely admit that sometimes, just SOMETIMES, I can be a little snooty.  So when I kept hearing about how terrific and wonderful and marvelous and great and fabulous and blah blah blah Uwajimaya was, I am horribly ashamed to say that I'd smile politely and note the recommendation, while privately thinking, "Oh I'm sure YOU think it's great, benighted little small-towner Seattle-ite that you are.  But is it New York City great?  I think NOT."I couldn't have been more wrong.This place is GREAT.  New York Great.  London Great.  Paris Great.  The packaged foods and produce are heavily skewed to Asian cuisines, but I shop here for almost everything - only going elsewhere for items like French cheese and Italian smoked meats or olives.  I can do our weekly shopping for produce, fish, meat, condiments, treats and bread for two people for under $30, including sinful pleasures like a bottle or two of Jones soda and a chunk of smoked salmon.The produce section offers basics and exotics, all fresh and enticing.  There's always a wide variety of locally-sourced fruits and veggies, along with baskets of things like gingko nuts, heaps of lotus root, and bunches of superb asparagus.  The onion section alone has white, red, sweet, yellow, and cippolini - at the very least - along with seasonal deals like spring bulb salad onions for ridiculously reasonable prices. The meat case features great specials, particularly on chicken.  Uwajimaya stocks a brand of wings that comes packed as either the drumstick portion of the wing, or the forearm portion of the wing.  For someone with a husband who is addicted to the forearm portion, this is HUGE.  And these are almost always on sale.  Bonus!  A cold case just past produce features an alluringly laid out selection of prepared raw meats (marinated skewers, sliced meat for stir fry, etc.).  Another case is stacked with screamingly fresh sliced beef for hotpot and sukiyaki.  And there are plenty of interesting cuts to try that you'll probably not encounter elsewhere - things like tripe and chicken feet and lengths of pale pink pig intestine.  There are butchers in the back, too, in case you need something you don't see on display.The fish counter is extensive, and the selection is amazing.  The only other place I've seen as many varieties of shrimp and prawns is at the Fulton Street Fish Market in Manhattan.  Uwajimaya's buyers are ahead of the curve with seasonal things like crawdads and soft shelled crabs, and the giant tanks of tilapia and lobsters and crabs are stuffed full of bounty.  Oysters and clams are always available, and this is the ONLY place I've actually seen living abalone for sale!  The folks who staff the fish counter seem always to be in motion, slicing, filleting, wrapping, packing.... and cleaning.  It's sparkling clean, and everything is totally fresh.  It smells bracing and crisp back at the fish counter - not fishy and strong - so you know the seafood is perfect.And then there are the center aisles.  Oh.  My.  GOODNESS.  In New York right now there's a yuppie craze on for "exotic" kjetcups, at a premium price.... which are routinely on sale here, in bewildering variety, for as little as $0.59 a bottle.  And don't even get me started on the peanut sauces, fish sauces, soy sauces and the huge array of vinegar and marinades and oils and tinned fish and eels and smoked oysters and pickled veg and kim chee and things I didn't even know existed until I came here!  Or the freezer cases jammed with pot stickers and frozen things to fry and quick healthy meal  options.... and the food court where you can wander from Thai to Vietnamese to Chinese to Burmese to roast crispy duck and silken curries and tasty baked goods..... or the book store!  Yes - there's also an amazing book store in this place!  Well, I'm breathless.  I love this store.  You will too.  Go shopping there.  You'll thank me.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,9/12/2006,15,61,3,5,2>I'm giving Le Pichet four stars for the food and the atmosphere.  The service, however, blows.Food: How can you go wrong with ham, poached eggs, and a shitload of gruyere cheese? You just can't!  It was like a big ramekin of cholesterol but boy, was it tasty.  I actually went there hoping to get crepes, but I was sadly mistaken, as those are, in actuality, a rarity there.Atmosphere:  Admittedly, I've never been to Paris (or anywhere in France, for that matter), but nonetheless I /felt/ very Parisienne and was effectively transported to what my highly romanticized ideal of Paris is, without being heavy-handed or trite.  The only downside was the terribly laughable music they had playing.  I don't understand why more places don't play The Smiths or Pulp or classical.  I mean, /honestly/.Service:  Despite us greeting them with chipper hellos and friendly smiles, the servers seemed a bit bothered that we stopped in.  Funny, considering they weren't about to close and weren't busy.  We got very few smiles, period, and the beverage service sucked.  They don't cultivate much of a bedside manner and would rather sit around chatting and screwing with the wine bottles at 10:30 in the morning.  Because, undoubtedly, the demand for wine late on a Thursday morning is so great.  W/e, La Pichet. Overall, good food, nice atmosphere, subpar service.  I'm sure I'll go back.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2006,9/11/2006,33,173,8,2,4>This place, like my apartment, is hidden in a sort of half basement, down a flight of stairs. But it's whiter than my apartment--walls, tablecloths, coffee mugs, all white, and white paper on the tables, too, so that I had to get out a pen and make a mark. I ate tomato soup with a goat cheese baguette. There was lots of fennel floating in the tomato soup, and one must of course approve of fennel floating in something, but really the soup tasted too little of anything other than tomato. And the cheese on the baguette might as well have come from a cow as a goat.I think if for some reason you were feeling dirty, eating here might make you feel pure. And if you were feeling weak and ill and not much interested in food, you might start out here to eat something inoffensive and tempt yourself back to health. I was feeling pretty robust the day I brunched here, and not quite in the mood for the place's quiet refinement, but still it was quite pleasant.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,9/10/2006,83,61,4,6,3>I've been pretty happy with the treatment here for our two aliens. The desk service is a little scattershot, but the vets and PA's are top-notch. They're great about listening and talking to you about symptoms or problems -- after all, no one knows your alien better than you, and you speak English, whereas the aliens... not so much. And they handle my nervous one (you know, the one who doesn't like to be picked up... or get stuffed into the carrier... or ride in the car...) remarkably well, which is something I can't say for a couple of other vets around here.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2006,9/9/2006,104,107,4,4,6>As Paris would say, 'this place is hot'.  Anyone who knows about Szechuan cuisine knows that you are in for a spicy meal.  The owners have done a great job of tying in the decor and the ambiance into the spicy theme.  Everything from the burnt orange walls to the red waitress uniforms exudes hotness.  The food is authentic & tasty, and the service is solidly decent. Be warned: They frown upon Asian people asking for forks in their Asian restaurant. (don't ask me how I know that).  Must tries: Hand shaven noodles and hot pot.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2006,9/8/2006,41,106,2,5,3>It was worth going out of my way for some of the best thai I've had in a long time.  Though the wait was only 10 minutes, it's still notable that it even existed on a warm June Sunday afternoon.The 2 star spicy was almost too much for my Palo Alto softened palette, but it was spicy in a good way.  The only problem was they served my curry over my rice, so I didn't know there was only rice under *half* of the dish until it was too late.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2006,9/7/2006,16,4,18,8,7>you need to understand that sunset bowl is a portal to another dimension, smack dab in the middle of ballard, USA.when you get there, right after work on friday night, you meet your friends in the diner, located by the front door. it's easy to find because of the grease smell. go towards the smell, friend. you need to eat something fried up real nice by a really obnoxious, impossibly large/bald cook who can't help but leer at every female backside that passes by as if it were made of chocolate. then, you watch him get yelled at by his un-endingly cranky supervisor. i'm saying that you eat his grilled hot dog and fried cheese sticks while he is berated. you know the food is great and you know that he deserves it.because you put your name on the bowling list before eating, by the time you have some grease and a beer from a pin-shaped bottle in you, your name is called for the bowling.you bowl in another man's shoes, amongst the overlapping niche crowds. you are wedged in a lane between a group of 60 year-old chain smoking, lottery-ticket-buying grandmas who bowl better than you in their sleep and a group of bright green novelty t-shirt wearing hipster doofi who pose for pictures that no one is taking and who bowl so so badly.You bowl a medium-so-so game, having spent most of your focus on constantly changing the names of your friends into dirty words and in-jokes with the help of the bowl-a-tron 2000 computer score keeping system. you also have some more beers, served by either a surprisingly kind goth-lady, a very small smiling man, or the unbelievably awesome butch albino waitress. (yes, i'm dead freakin' serious.)when you finish your game, it's really time to head in to karaoke because you want to get a good table and one of the song books that is listed by artist 'cause you know that's the best kind. then you have more beers and you wait for ed. he is your karaoke master.ed is a large, bespectacled man wearing one in several computer trade show shirts he's collected over time. he sometimes arrives late, often overwhelmed by his journey, but if you're lucky he's early and you get to watch him eat a sandwich, relishing his last moments of anonymity before he turns to the mic. he is ed.karaoke by ed is run by way of a computer system of ed's own design. you type in your song choice and user name, which you have chosen with care because it is the only one you'll ever get. i'm telling you, pal, if you choose the user name "scrote" to make your friends laugh, "scrote" you will be for eternity because ed does not compromise. he is ed.before the group gets a chance to croon, ed introduces the wait staff, whom you've just read about, and the bartender who is new to you. she is a short, curly-haired woman and wishes ed would die a slow, torturous death. you can tell because while he talks about her, she crosses her arms over her chest and seethes. ed does not see the seething, and the tension is delicious.what happens next is that ed sings you a song. often it is a song about a workin' man who cares about his lady and i don't remember the song's name. but if you are so so lucky, ed will sing a song by the band called "styx". and you realize he can SING. for real. and it is then that you feel the love for the man called ed.then it's a crap-shoot. you'll get to sing and, of course, you'll be awesome, but the strangers do strange things and you can't predict 'em. one night you're treated to a 400 pound head-banger who belts out a judas priest ditty like nothing you've ever heard before and the next, you'll suffer through that girl who wants to sing like mariah carey and it burns you like fire. one night from 9 to 11pm the bar contains ed, you, your friends and a guy who sings nothing but 80's power ballads but at 11:ish, a crowd of pre-libationed jack-asses enters, all wearing wigs and screaming "rock and roll". you will probably leave soon thereafter, but you'll say something really funny about "damn wiggers" to your friends first.mix in the yelling that ed does at the people for not signing up right, or for touching the mic wrong, or for not being attentive, or for dancing or high-kicking or swearing and then add the very real possibility that you will be subjected to any number of drunk, stupid crooners who pick 8 minute songs...8 minutes in which you simultaneously imagine brutalizing them with a mic stand and killing yourself, and finally factor in the possibility of spotting the dance-dance-revolution guru in the arcade who eats candy the handful, dancing in ways you thought were only possible in japan and when he's done, he tips his head to you, walks out the side door, and disappears into the inky shadows of the parking lot never looking back, and you have to know you will be forever changed.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2006,9/6/2006,163,911,2,6,2>Who woulda thunk it?  The best pizza slice I've had in Seattle was from this dinky little place in Wallingford I've passed a million times and wondered how they stay in business.  Guess they've managed to do so by having really good pizza.  Go figure!  I've seen numerous places try the Asian Chicken pizza thing and fail miserably, but the Thai Chicken here is outstanding.  Chicken BBQ is good too, but a little heavy on the jalepenos.  They also boast a great lunch special.  if you're walking by, spend $5 and you'll be quite satisfied.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2006,9/5/2006,317,792,8,9,8>I just stumbled on to one of the best kept teriyaki secrets in the city today. I've been smelling this place from a couple of blocks away all week, and finally asked my co-workers if it was any good. Their enthusiastic raves had me out the door while they were still talking. Sorry guys. Didn't mean to be rude, but I was hungry! It was the best chicken katsu I've ever had from a hole in the wall joint. It had obviously been made when I ordered it  and hadn't been hanging around under a heat lamp. The panko breading was perfect and the chicken wasn't overcooked or dry. The gyoza was really good and they even have kimchee on the menu, but as I haven't tried that delicacy yet, I put it off a little longer, if for nothing else than out consideration for my co-workers. I think kimchee on top of my rude departure would have been too much. Anyway, I went back later to pick up dinner and they have chicken ramen on the menu that is not on the same planet as the ramen noodles you buy at the grocery store. There's teriyaki loaded on top of the thick noodles and an egg, and it's Asian comfort food at it's finest. They have white chicken teriyaki and dark chicken teriyaki - nice touch - and soba noodles and tepanyaki (stir-fry without the sauce) and egg rolls and fried rice and broccoli and tofu dishes, and frankly, I plan to try everything in the coming weeks. I'm working these days just to be able to afford to feed myself. Though, really, most things on their menu are under $7.Don't be put off by the "ambience" - a word I use very loosely. This is a dive. The door was open on this warm day, a fact that an awful lot of flies appreciated. There are tables inside I might be scared to eat at, and a couple of tables outside, and the place is right across the street from the waterfront and the Ye Olde Curiosity Shoppe. The woman behind the counter was cheerful, fast and efficient and the food is so good I'm going to hold my ears and blab "la, la, la, la" if anyone even mentions checking the Health Department website.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,3/9/2011,92,228,13,15,16>I have been a bridesmaid 12 times in my life.  12 times.  I kid you not.And of those 12 times, only once have I been required to get a pedicure.  ONCE.  That last time?  That was the one time I was required to get a pedicure.  So believe it or not, I got my first pedicure as a 31 year old.  The bride-to-be was HORRIFIED by this, it should be noted.So there we were, three bridesmaids, a bride, and the mom of the bride, all invading this poor little nail salon.  Note: the bride made sure to call and make reservations in advance - I wouldn't recommend bringing a large group like that in for a walk-in.  That's kind of cruel.  :)We all chose our nail color and then plopped into the pedi chairs to begin what I was sure to be torture.  I'm ticklish...I'm REALLY ticklish...on my feet, so I spent a lot of time praying that I wouldn't kick the poor woman in the face.  The foot bath was nice.  Hot water on the feet, especially for someone who spends a lot of her work day up and moving and is also a runner, is a very nice feeling.  I'd have been content with that...and I even made it through the trimming/shaping of nails okay...but once they got out the scrub, I knew it was going to be downhill.The gal who I had was polite about my squirming and giggling and attempts at deep breathing/meditation to put my mind elsewhere (it IS mind over matter, right?) and we both came out the other end unscathed.  In the end, I've got to say that my toes have never looked so good.  I chose an OPI polish - thanks for the suggestion here - and later, when I got home, I applied a layer of my own clear polish and two weeks later it still looked perfect.  I kid you not.  SO: the ticklish part is not my thing but man did my feet look amazing.  I may have to try and get used to this.Price was fantastic.  Mani wasn't bad, I've gotten a lot of manicurists who like giving deep tissue massages and that always feels nice so anything less than that isn't enough for me.  My nails looked good in the end, though.So there you go - a pedi virgin got her first pedi and lived to tell the tale!  Thanks, Yelpers!  And thanks, bride-who-made-me-do-this!
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,3/8/2011,110,77,9,15,14>In this beautiful bar, which is to the right of Fado as you're facing it, the happy hour goes to eight, and the menu consists of incredibly delicious small plates.   The oyster stew contains a rich, creamy (and I mean heavy cream) broth, and comes with bread for dipping.  The seared scallops were also perfect.   The Gruyere mac and cheese -- well, I didn't try it, but it beckoned.The happy hour wine is a Sagelands Cabernet-Merlot blend.  Sure, it's not great.  But it's drinkable.Best of all, everything is cheap.  Three, four bucks a plate.The occasionally beleaguered staff is very helpful, and I'd sure as hell never come here on a Friday night.   But on any other weeknight when I don't feel like trying to beat the standard 6 o'clock HH clock, I'd certainly drop in here again.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,3/7/2011,416,153,26,28,30>While Seattle's not entirely destitute when it comes to Latin markets, you do tend to have to drive to lurkier parts of town (look for hourly hotels) or outskirts (where all the baristas are wearing pasties, for example) to get your salsa on; and even then, you'll be getting straight-up Central American items, not likely Brazilian, Argentinean, or Colombian treats. Not so with this place. Hands down the best place in town to buy yerba mate, and so very much cheaper. It's the real deal--the same stuff I sucked up in Argentina when I was a sixteen-year-old exchange student trapped in a 4'5" host sister's Catholic school uniform (the aforementioned bikini baristas had nothing on me...except perhaps more confidence).Even yerba mate soda can be found here, and the Guarana (a type of super-speed-like soda) they served on the late great Varig, the sweetest airline I ever had the pleasure of riding on. Sigh. Nostalgia. Pick up your aji piquillo, Peruvian salsas, coconut waters and Mexican chocolate. Grab a big-ass hanging dried chile bunch, grind it up with one of their mortar-and-pestles, and you'll be set with spicy for the next decade. Even if you didn't need an excuse to get so close to Cafe Campagne that it's almost an affront not to eat breakfast there, this place is absolutely destination-worthy. I love it to bits, even though at the moment, due to some retrofitting or construction or general goings-on with loud tools, it's been relegated to some chilly (not to be confused with Chile!) blue portable building across from its normal domicile. This place completes me.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,3/6/2011,95,64,36,8,18>I like pork buns and I can not lieYou other brothers can't denyThat when a place has a short waitAnd a round thing in your faceYou get hung... ryWanna pull up toughCuz you notice that bun was stuffedI'm tired of magazinesSaying bean sprouts are the thingTake the average hungry man and ask him thatPork buns bring em backMy stomach don't want none unless you've got hot bunsYou can do side bends or sit-ups, but oh please don't lose that bunSome brothers wanna eat them hard rollsAnd tell you that the buns ain't goldSo they toss it and leave itAnd I pull up quick to retrieve itSo Gourmet says they're fatWell I ain't down with thatCuz your wait is small and your buns are kickinAnd I'm thinkin bout stickin...
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,3/5/2011,135,133,7,9,6>Walked by Samurai Noodle after getting off work at 9pm and saw that they were still open.  I was amazed and happy, so walked in, and was again surprised to be seated rather than ordering at the counter.The biggest shocker of the evening?  We got great service as a party of four.  I ordered the Tonkotsu with extra pork and it came out quickly.  The food was delicious as the ID location, but without all the negatives.  The pricing was good, $6.50 for the ramen and I split the extra pork, so paid less than $10 total.My one complaint for the night was the incredibly crappy techno remixes of such classics as "who let the dogs out?" and others of similarly questionable musical merit.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,3/4/2011,117,123,13,9,9>Directions:- Order your breakfast of choice from the menu. Recommended doses: ONE ORDER of rib eye 3-egg breakfast, big foot country fried steak, or hot link scramble.- Consume until you are slightly uncomfortable. Pack all leftovers for second, smaller dose after 8 hours.- Rest for at least four hours prior to further activity.- Return as needed (on separate days) for other menu itemsPossible side effects:- Most common side effects include: sleepiness, extreme hunger satisfaction, slowed or slurred speech, feelings of euphoria or increased laziness, inability to rise from your chair immediately after eating, increased cholesterol- Less common side effects include: stomach ache, severe food coma, clogged arteries, and even death by decadent Nutter Butter French ToastCaution:- Abuse or overuse of this restaurant can cause significant weight gain- Overconsumption of meal can trigger certain digestive problems- Contact a doctor if you experience any of the following: Inability to move for more than 8 hours following consumption, or if you consume more than one meal in one sitting.- DO NOT CONSUME if you must be productive or operate light to heavy machinery within 4 hours.PRESCRIBED FOR THE IMMEDIATE TREATMENT OF EGG, BREAKFAST OR BRUNCH FIX WHILE IN NORTH SEATTLE.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,3/2/2011,466,877,9,15,14>I went here last week with a couple friends. Happy hour goes til 7pm which is why we decided to try this place out! Also, the menu looked promising.Good food, good beer, casual (read "dive") atmosphere and service was just okay. Nothing better than okay. The prices on pints during happy hour is good ($3.25) and prices on food are pretty good, too. I had the bratwurst with salad ($6, good price for the food) a soft pretzel with cheese ($5) and a Spaten Pilsner beer. Other items on the happy hour menu for $5-6 are fish and chips, pork sandwich, a variety of bratwursts, and fried pickles to name a few.The brat was tasty with good mustard and flavorful sauerkraut. There was a small piece of folded french bread served on the side that was enough bread to accompany about 1/3 of the brat. A little weird. Still good though, I would order it again for sure. Great sauerkraut on the side.Soft pretzel was good but they are not kidding around with the salt! I picked a lot off because it was covered with salt. Very good though, pretzel comes in a few different varieties with dipping sauce. The cheese sauce is a white cheddar sauce which was fine. Not your typical food-colored nacho cheese! Price came to $17-18 for the brat, side salad, pretzel, and 2 beers before tax and tip. Pretty reasonable for the happy hour! Prices seem a little high non-happy hour time though. I was a little put off by our server who got a little huffy with us when we asked to split our bill. Just tell us you'd prefer us not to and that's fine but please don't be rude about it! I'll go again because the food was very good. The beer selection actually doesn't have that many German offerings considering it's a German pub. I'd like to try the schnitzel!
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,3/1/2011,84,212,19,10,8>Dear Cupcake,You were a delicious fad in the late 2000's.  You will be missed dearly since there is a new kid in town.  Pie's pie have won me over as the new fad dessert/entree/snack/binge for the next couple of years.  Their flaky crust and awesome fillings make your fluffy muffintop with frosting so passe.  The fillings can be both sweet and meat filled, which you cannot do.  They can feed me at any time day or night, meal or snack whereas you are just a snack and dessert at most.  They even open late, which a lot of your places do not.  I will have to say their apple pie is the best, which you cant compete with even when you try to tempt me with the red velvet.  Sorry cupcake, i need to move on.Sincerely,Recently converted pie lover
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,2/28/2011,390,547,8,12,9>Wish I knew more Yiddish, b/c I'd include it in this review - let's just say I'm kvelling about the mensches who opened Eltana and you'd be meshugenah not to try it.This is in the bottom of the new "Packard Building", right around the corner Cal Anderson and across from the East Precint Police Station (wonder if it'll be full of cops at lunch time). We went here at 8am on "opening day" and was thrilled by the whole experience.  Most importantly, the bagels are exactly as advertised - crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside, sized-just-right (not tiny or monstrous). You can tell they're hand-rolled and wood-fired. The variety of spreads (or shmears, if you prefer) are great - my kid enjoyed the honey cream cheese, while my wife chose the hummus spread and I stuck with plain ol' cream cheese. Exceeds the best bagels I've had since moving to Seattle from the east coast, so I know what I'm talking about :-)A nice touch is the open kitchen so you can see them making the bagels and the wood-fired oven. Definitely makes it clear this is no offsite mass-produced bagel-pretender.  One of the owners, Daniel, was even nice enough to let me kid take a closer look at the wood-fired oven, and what 4-year old doesn't like looking at fire?The space is really large and open with plenty of seating with tons of natural light from the huge windows. The massive crossword puzzle on the wall was a fun touch. There was no line when we arrived (8am), and while it was definitely more busy when we left, they were still cranking out the orders, so no one was waiting too long.They're still working out a few kinks (didn't have the chocolate to make a mocha, the menu signage wasn't all up) but I'm sure that'll get worked out shortly. And I haven't tried any of the other Mediterranean-style lunch menu items they're advertising as "coming soon", but I'm sure they'll be good too.We'll definitely be back.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,2/27/2011,191,387,6,9,7>AWESOME fries. Seriously AWESOME. If you're unlucky, though, you'll get all the little fragments and bits from the bottom of the batch. Strangely they're still good (even though I actually really hate those).I wanted to order the asparagus because I had a hankering for some greens, but they were fresh out so I just stuck with the fries. I can't say anything about their fish or anything else since I didn't try it, but it smelled and looked awesome.The dude at the counter recommended their harissa sauce because I said I wanted it spicy. To be honest I was a little disappointed. There was definitely a great amount of flavour, but I was kind of expecting a little more on the heat scale-- I can admittedly be a bit of a wuss when it comes to spicy food, but I like extremes: if I want it spicy it has to make me cry! This didn't quite inspire such a reaction, but it was good nonetheless.NEXT TIME: FISH.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2006,12/31/2006,40,39,1,5,5>Every time I yelp and am thinking of places to review, Maneki always pops up in my mind. Yet, I still haven't written anything about them. I have no clue why, maybe because everyone already knows its fantasticness. In any case, I've came to the conclusion that it's inevitable. Maneki is my absolute-favorite Japanese restaurant. By that I don't mean one of my many, but the most favorite. I believe when you dine out, you are paying for the food (or not having to prepare your own), for the ambiance, and of course customer service. Five stars if you have all of the above. Maneki has 2 of the 3. So then why does it deserve 5 stars you may ask...The food here is very good, almost every dish that I've had is up to my standard. You don't get any Asian fusion thing here, which I don't believe in most of the time, you get real Japanese food. Every dish is flavorful, in big portions, and served the correct way. Unlike others such as Fuji, but we will leave that for when I yelp them. The atmosphere is homey, no fountains or 20ft sake display case, nothing extravagant, it just looks "historical". Very fitting IMO. The fish on nigiris are served in big pieces and fresh. Each piece of fish is so big that you would hardly see the rice. Their yakitori is the best I've had so far. I also recommend their miso black cod and avocado salad. For 4 people with PLENTY of fish, and 2 large bottles of sake, the bill only came up to ~$100, tips included. (And I'm notorious for over-tipping) The food, ambiance and price makes up for their customer service.The only thing Maneki lacks is consistency in their customer service. Well except the old, old lady at the front; She is always mean, always. One time, I walked in with a reservation, she gestured and said "Your reservation is in the back and I need you out by 830." They get more business than they can handle, so she can afford to be a brat. I mean look at me, I still go back knowing how mean she is! The other servers are okay - good most of the time, service is lacking on busy days. Forgot to mention that the wait gets long. So best to go in around opening time, or you can always drop by to leave a name on the list and go do some Asian-grocery shopping at Uwaji. Weekends are really busy, so call ahead to see if they can accommodate you before you drive down to the international district. Oh, and they're not open on Mondays!If you haven't been convinced by all the other 20 reviews, I hope you do after this one.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2006,12/30/2006,31,29,7,4,4>Last night during the Crazy Ass Wind And Rain Storm 2006, I got trapped at work. Traffic was grid-locked, so nine of us ventured out to the only restaurant within a few block radius -- the Spaghetti Factory.I have mocked this chain dozens of times. In fact, when I lived in Atlanta back in the day, I purposefully chose the SF as the place for a breakup date because I didn't want such a sad moment to happen in a place I might ever enter again. And so it has been, for over a decade. Until last night.As reluctant as I am to admit it, the SF was pretty delish last night. The red wine was freakishly sweet, something that might have been unacceptable in other circumstance, but for $16 a bottle with 50mph winds gushing outside -- it hit the spot. As did the spaghetti cooked with browned butter and mizithra cheese and tomatoes -- hello, fatcarb bomb!!While normally I'd say to avoid a trite pseudo-Italian-American chain, some nights you need salad, pasta, dessert, and beverage for $10. If so, this is your place.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2006,12/29/2006,19,14,9,10,10>Ok, to fully appreciate this review, you should know something about me. I'm a waffler of the worst sort, and I don't mean in a "can make a fancy breakfast" way, I mean I'm one of the most indecisive, second-guessing, hand-wringing types you'll ever meet. So, when I was trying to decide if I wanted a scooter or not, the fact that Steve at the Vespa store sat there and humored me for over an hour really speaks volumes about him. The fact that he finally stopped me and told me that I was WAY over-thinking it was another good sign. He's really friendly and helped me get a much better sense of what I'd be getting myself into by getting a scooter. I felt like all the advice was motivated by what would give me the best riding experience possible, and not by what would get me to spend the most money.I hope my scooter-riding experience will be as good as my scooter-buying one.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,12/28/2006,21,10,7,9,7>That's right!  5 glorious stars!  Holy Hasselhoff, why such a high opinion?  Because after a night of local theater, The Rosebud (aka: The Bud) takes care of you. Whether specialty cocktails or standard mixes suit your fancy, the expert bartenders make sure you join the party atmosphere in no time.  Tell them your standard, pick a recipe on the board over the bar, or just ask for an alcohol and a color (neon blue with vodka seems to be a local favorite).  Whether the line is long or short, each refreshing strong beverage is made swiftly with pride and quality. The clientele is best described as "too friendly to be hipster", and it's quite common to find a birthday party in one of the couch sections or out back in the secret smoker's lounge.  The food is flat out delicious - good thing too, since it's a bit pricier than most of the surrounding fare.  I admit, as often as I've been, I've only eaten twice.  Both times I left wondering why I don't treat myself more often.   They stop serving at 10, though, and The Bud is a bar where I find myself mostly in later hours.  Bonus - They last call on weekends around 1:45;  later than most, just in case you really think one more is a good idea (and it probably isn't with their pours.)My recommendation:  The $5 doubles make it easy to find your night-time swagger in no time.  Two of these and you're set for the night.  Yet, with wells so cheap, it's easy to suddenly have another in your hand as your friend picks up that one last round.  At that point, you'd better check out my review of The Pita Pit around the corner.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2006,12/27/2006,43,33,7,6,3>I was walking down Broadway towards home last Tuesday night when I came across a small group of people standing in front of Castle Superstore.  "Tonight's Special: Two-Dollar wells!" one of them yelled.  Thinking I have two dollars and I deserve a drink (dammit!), I turned around, walked up the stairs, and went inside.The first thing that I noticed was that the staff out numbered the patrons two-to-one.  And there was no music.  It seemed weird to me.  And made Club Lagoon seem that much more empty.  I moved up to the bar and ordered a drink.  It wasn't a strong drink, but it wasn't overly weak either.  What you would expect for $2.  While I was sitting at the bar, Transformers: The Movie began play on the flat screen televisions.  As I was watching the movie, one of the waitress came over to talk to me.  She asked if I had been there before and if I had taken a look around.  I said no so she gave me a sitting tour.  She pointed out the empty dance floor, the VIP booth (a speed boat with a table in it) and then the faux rock-lined wall both behind the bar and along the dance floor.  She said that water usually runs down the walls like a fountain but that they were turned off that night (she didn't say why).   About 30 minutes in (just as I was getting into the movie), music began playing, the DVD ejected, and two more people found there way inside.  I left shortly after.Club Lagoon seems like it would feel less out of place in Kirkland or Redmond and has the feel that someone was watching a late-night 80's movie on TBS and said "THAT'S the kind of place I want to open!".  It's not a bad place, the staff was friendly and desperate to serve ANYONE.  The drinks were adequate and the fake tropical plant interior, if over the top, is kind of fun in a Reno Hotel Resort sort of way.  It's the type of place that I would never think of to go myself but wouldn't balk if friends made the suggestion.  I'll just remember to bring my sense of irony.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/22/2006,12/26/2006,36,106,12,10,4>I went to Flying Fish last Sunday for a birthday dinner with my mom and sister. While the food was tasty and delicious and the atmosphere swanky, my dining experience suffered from two major flaws, one of which is epidemic among fine dining establishments.The first flaw I noticed was the inattentiveness of our waiter. This truly surprised me in such an upscale establishment. Normally, one would expect waiters with a certain level of interpersonal skills and attention to detail to be employed at places that charge $25 a plate. Our waiter took our initial drink orders and then disappeared... but not like a magician, because I watched him help other tables while my water glass got empty... I prefer to think of it as not full. By the time the waiter came back to take our dinner order, our party had long been sitting with menus down and concerned looks roving about the restaurant in the universal sign of "Where the hell is our waiter? We're Hungry!" During the meal, our waiter proved to have no personality at all. He kept any interaction to a minimum and I don't even think he said thank you to us once. Perhaps he was having a bad day. Maybe he had gas and was trying to hold it in... Nevertheless, I expected more.The second flaw I encountered that night is far more heinous and one, which sadly plagues upscale restaurants world wide. The problem is one of Presentation Over Function. Closely related and often interconnected with Presentation Over Substance, P.O.F. occurs when chefs decide that they are actually making someone a little art project instead of a meal.Sunday night, I fell for the oldest trick in the upscale dining book of dirty tricks. I ordered shellfish at a fancy restaurant. I thought the shrimp risotto sounded tasty, and it was. The trouble is, I more or less had to prepare the meal myself once it reached the table. I am convinced that the amount of time a restaurant spends preparing shellfish for consumption is inversely proportional to the quality of the restaurant. If you go to Red Robin, you get popcorn shrimp that you can just pop into your mouth. At Anthony's, they still have the tail on, which is easy enough to lop off with a fork. When I ordered the shrimp risotto at the Flying Fish, I got three whole crustaceans complete with eyes, legs and shell.The worst part about the inverse shellfish phenomenon is that I was forced to perform invasive surgery with no tools, while wearing a nice sweater in order to extract any edible meat. Furthermore, I was provided with no place to put the shells and so was forced to dump them on my bread plate. Of course, it is impossible to accurately tell whether or not one has completely removed the carapace while sitting in a mood-lit dining room. I ended up getting the inevitable bits of shell stuck in my teeth, not to mention the fact that the shells meant that the shrimp hadn't been entirely deveined... mmm... Shrimp feces... good eatin'.So, here is my advice to you aspiring chefs out there. When people come to your restaurant, it is because they are hungry and want a meal. They do not want a little miniature menagerie staring back at them from their risotto. Food is meant to be eaten, not looked at and when you place obstacles between a hungry person and his sustenance in the name of art, it just makes him want to stab people with forks.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2006,12/25/2006,33,87,7,5,4>What is it about teriyaki joints being closed on Sundays?  What are you supposed to do when it's Sunday and suddenly you're overcome with the most deadly strain of teriyaki cravings known to man?  The kind that they thought was cured by getting vaccinated at Toshi's.  Well, today, I got that craving and then faced the stone cold Sunday sleep of Seattle teriyaki joints.  I began to make phone calls.  Dozens of them.  Most of them to teriyaki joints.  Sometimes I just called random people and said, 'WHAT THE HEY!'  You may be thinking to yourselves, 'But, I know of a few teriyaki places that are open on Sundays!'  And, I say to you, not in iambic pentameter, 'But, do they serve salmon teriyaki?'  They probably don't.  At least, none of the ones I called who actually answered did... until I came across Kyoto Teriyaki in the University District.  Not only are they open on Sundays, and not only do they serve salmon teriyaki, but they'll serve teriyaki salmon to me on Sundays.  Can I beat that deal?  No, sir.So, you may be wondering, how's the food?  It's not bad.  Not bad at all.  The teriyaki sauce is good, the fish was cooked well.  It was all quite serviceable.  Nothing spectacular, nothing that made me want to name my first born son Kyoto Salmon Teryaki or anything like that but it was tasty and it did the trick.  My sunday salmon craving has been cured.  You can all rest easy.The biggest question is always this:  would I eat there again (or, in this case, get take-out again)?  Yep, I would.  It was competitively priced (easy to say when most every other teriyaki place in Seattle was closed or lacking in salmon teriyaki) and the people were friendly.Be careful, though.  There's a little mechanical bird by the entrance that chirps at you when you come through the door.  Don't be scared.  It can't get you.   But, God, look into those beady little black eyes and tell me that you can't see anything but bloodlust.BLOOD.  LUST.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2006,12/23/2006,224,247,4,5,6>I Think My Yelp Rating thing is Broken... =/ The Seattle Public Library Should Get 10 Stars ********** =D ---Everything you want in a Library and more!The Fellowship of Knowledge, Literature  and all Sorts are all Here. Free Wi-fi is always Nice.And Oh did I say the Architecture is Amazing. Once inside, enter the Realm where Library Happiness comes True.Take a look, its in a book @ the Seattle Public Library.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2006,12/22/2006,7,6,7,6,5>This is the ultimate dive bar. I've gone in for nearly every birthday celebration for the last 8 years. I still get carded every time. I stopped in with my husband on New Year's eve once (don't ask) and there were haggard, old women sitting at the bar, in sequined dresses and sheer black stocking that were wrinkled at the ankles like elephant skin. It was fantastic.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2006,12/21/2006,35,53,11,5,3>There's this condition called honeymooner's palsy that happens when you love someone so much that, despite excruciating pain, you keep your arm around their shoulder in a movie theater long enough to cut off the blood supply to the radial nerve in the underside of your arm, which causes paralysis of your fingers and wrist. Yes way. And I'm thinking about it because I believe I gave myself honeymooner's palsy of the ass last time I went to Gaudy and sat for so freakishly long on Satan's own wooden stool, just because I loved everything else there so much. Very. Painful.And that's about all there is to say about it. The rest you can pretty much guess -- especially if you know Bleu. It's got great food (cheese, Gromit!) and an impressive wine selection. The staff is fast and friendly. And the atmosphere is cozy and candle-lit. Why you have to enjoy it all from such a grand collection of oddly sadistic seating devices, I'm not sure. Bottom line (heh): if you go, choose your chair carefully.Update 8/2007: Tim O's review reminded me that Gaudy has more recently revamped their menu--apparently to purge it of all the best parts. In addition to the recent death of lava-cake-love, they've gotten rid of their cheese board. The reason, we were told, was because the new chef believes he should have sole discretion to choose which cheese goes with your whatever. Docked a star. Jerk. Still a nice  place for a romantic dinner, but not on the whole worth a pain in the ass.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,5/23/2014,76,251,6,13,7>My boyfriend and I had our second anniversary dinner here and came away absolutely impressed by the experience.We couldn't find the place at first since the sign on the door implied that we needed to find another entrance... once we got that sorted out, we descended into a lovely candlelit dining area that instantly took us into a more intimate mood. We had reservations for 745 and arrived at 720 but were seated immediately.The antipasto of the house was amazing and set the tone for the whole dinner. We felt like we were back in Italy and Turkey... we had a lot of little finger food: some olives, prosciutto, some beans, herbed mozzarella.. we only got the half order but found that it was perfect for two people to share. And the fresh bread! They served it with a simple but flavorful balsamic vinegar/olive oil combo.I ordered the tagliatelle and boyfriend ordered the ossobuco. First of all, I highly dislike places that will give me tiny servings for a ridiculous price. Not so at The Pink Door. I had just enough room after the appetizer to completely enjoy and finish my tagliatelle without feeling like I wanted to explode. Boyfriend had way too much meat and was sad about having to not finish it as was both extremely tender and had a really good sauce. Both dishes were tasty. The fresh tagliatelle in my dish was amazing; I never thought you could taste freshness in pasta quite so much. The wine sauce was also delicious without being overpowering. There was no room for dessert but he did have the house red wine and I had a madeira; neither were amazing but that's okay.Service was also very impressive. Our water was constantly being filled; we never had to wait too long for an order, and everyone was courteous and nice. The dinner took about an hour and a half long which was the perfect time for the occasion, and I've actually had work lunches that threatened to take that long because of slow service. Finally, we headed to the front to pick up our coats and they were already out and ready for us, which was a very welcome touch. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to celebrate a special occasion in a slightly nicer environment without breaking the bank. Delicious food, excellent ambiance and good service: you will get your money's worth for sure!
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/22/2014,70,63,5,9,7>Wide variety of beers on tap so I'm sure you'll find something you'll like.  I came here with a group of cyclists after a bike ride.  They were great at accommodating us.  It also wasn't too busy on a Sunday afternoon at 1:30pm so it was nice and easy to have a conversation.I like Belgians so I went with #14 (don't remember which one it was) and ti was pretty tasty.  My boyfriend's Rocking Red was quite tasty as well.  I found his more flavorful but I liked how easy mine was to drink, especially after a tiring ride.The service was ok.  Things took a little time to come together and one of people in our group kept ignored a bit.  They also didn't have the mac n cheese any more but didn't tell us until after coming back several minutes later after our order.I ended up getting the queso pork nachos instead.  Nacho chesse, shredded pork, salsa, olives, peppers all in a bowl with a big plate of tortilla chips to pick it all up.  Not bad at all!  The Goat Cheese dates were also quite tasty.  I had a bite of the pulled pork sandwich was that was pretty tasty as well.Service and the order in which food came out is where I'd dock the points.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,5/21/2014,166,111,4,10,7>My girlfriend invited me to brunch yesterday to NYP because she had a Groupon for unlimited mimosas and 2 breakfast entrees.We both got the steak and eggs with English muffins. The steak and eggs were surprisingly yummy! It had a bit of teriyaki flavor on what was a flank steak I believe. Three rounds in of mimosas later, we were feeling pretty tipsy so we decided to walk it off around the Space Needle before driving off.The pros: It's near enough to the Space Needle so that you could walk there. Plus, there is free parking underground. It's located in the QFC building on Mercer.I will be back to try their all day happy hour on Sunday which includes a 10-inch BBQ chicken pizza for $6.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,5/20/2014,67,123,8,10,8>Who has two thumbs and loves pizza?  This gal! (cue courtesy laugh - thank you very much).Anyhow, MOD in Issaquah is your typical MOD... The pizza is bomb (though sometimes the crust comes out a little burnt, but hey, it's wood fired, what do you expect?) The salads are fresh, they don't skimp on the lettuce, and have delicious dressings (the balsamic is my FAVORITE!).  The folks working are super nice and you can tell they love pizza as much as I do.  The different flavored lemonades are a nice touch as well.We often come for lunch - you're in and out in no time!
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,5/19/2014,111,145,5,10,8>This place has the power to draw west-siders out and all the way to Bellevue. The brunch is fantastic! The blueberry stuffed French toast is divine! The perfect balance of sweet and savory & crispy and soft. The banana pancakes with mascarpone gives serious completion to the French toast and so does the crab cake Benedict! The Bloody Mary bar has chillies infused vodka for those who like it hot!
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,5/18/2014,463,564,8,11,10>Happy to have found another local sushi spot worth many visits! Momiji's bar fills up quickly during the weekdays so if you come for Happy Hour, best to arrive just a tad early.  The bar area is not that large (you'll see as you walk in!).  The drinks here are generous pours, so 5 stars there.The sashimi that my boyfriend ordered was a tad smaller than what most other sushi joints would give, and at a heftier price.  Granted, it's fresh but we all know that this is true for most Seattle sushi spots.  My pick: The Poke roll (spicy tuna, cucumber & avocado, topped with tuna, white olives and schichimi soy sesame sauce). One thing I noticed here that is unlike many restaurants - LIGHT on rice. And this is probably a good thing for most sushi-fans.  I prefer the rice, personally. It helps to remind me that I'm not eating something raw.  I loved the roll, but next time I'll go with something that has more of a kick!Bartenders here are very friendly and make you feel like a regular.  And so, I will be!
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,5/17/2014,375,637,7,13,11>This place was AWESOME!  I couldn't believe it when I walked in.  As someone married to a board game lover, I have been in a lot of board game stores all over the US, and this was the best one I have ever been in, by far.The selection was insane.  They had every game I love and positioned the games in a way that made it easy to find things that were in the same realm of games I already love!They also had tons of tables set up to play games at!  A lot of that area was dedicated to the games that use miniatures, but there were others as well.  They also had a huge selection of games that you can test play at the store to see if you like.Basically, you need to go here and experience it, cause it was unbelievable, and I want to go back again already.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/16/2014,325,189,11,11,11>Used to get overly excited to come here as a kid to get marshmallow milkshakes. 16 years later and I still get excited to stop by for a chocolate malt. 16 years later I have also discovered that Luna Park Café is also great for hangover food. West Seattle's ultimate greasy spoon! As a lover of biscuits and gravy, I would have to put Luna's toward the top of my list. Fluffy biscuits with salty gravy, paired with crispy hashbrowns - my cholesterol is rising just thinking about it! The prices are reasonable for the giant portions that you get. I have never left here hungry! All served up by a quirky group of very friendly staff!
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/15/2014,43,192,10,17,9>I went to Olympus Spa for the first time today. It's a bit of a hike from Seattle, but well worth the trek. I had never been, but when my friends were like "it's $35 and you get to enjoy the spa all damn day" I could not get there fast enough.Olympus is an all-woman nude spa. You get a robe and a cap to wear around the facility, but you must be completely buck naked to enjoy the pools. This suits me, as I am a nudist at heart.You can wander through the spa at your leisure and try a bunch of cool, themed "Far-Infrared healing energy" rooms, an herbal dry sauna, a mugwort steam sauna (they're big on mugwort - apparently it's a pretty nifty plant), and of course the pools, all of varying temperatures.I spent a little more than five hours in the spa, relaxing in the soaking pools, trying all the flavors in the tea room, accidentally falling asleep in the hot, sweat-inducing sand room (they play the sound of crashing waves in there, of course you're going to fall asleep!), and getting a Korean-style scrub. That part was the best. The scrubbing is not gentle, but it feels good - cleansing - and after each round they pour hot, soothing, mugwort-infused water over you. At the end you are massaged and bathed with frothy soap and hot towels, and you feel like the silkiest selkie ever, and beautifully refreshed.The only thing I didn't love about Olympus was its restaurant. I was excited to try the dol-sot-bibimbap, as I love bibimbap. But it wasn't seasoned at all and was rather bland. Maybe that's how spa food is supposed to be? Huge portion, at least. My fresh juice - I asked for apple, carrot, ginger, and celery - was refreshing. I ate with friends and one of my friends didn't get her order - a soup - until after we had been there about twenty or thirty minutes and our bill had already been dropped off. This experience was not enough to dull my appreciation for the spa as a whole, and I'll definitely be back. I'll just know to manage my expectations if I visit the restaurant again.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/14/2014,139,121,7,9,8>Wow, per my experience, I thought prix fixe Valentine's Day dinners were supposed to suck! Not only was the food here good for a Valentine's meal, it was good in general. Detailing every plate we had would make this review too long, but overall, the flavors were fantastic, and every thing was cooked right. Some of the ingredients (sunchoke, aleppo, etc) were exotic to me as I don't eat Mediterranean food often. However, the way they were used in these dishes were great and worked well with the more familiar ingredients. It was definitely a novel twist on the more common ingredients.My one food complaint is that the steak was damn tough. I would think that for $50 per person they would serve a cut better than skirt steak.The service was fine. They were polite, but our servers kept bringing out the wrong food to our table. It ended up taking almost 2 hours to finish the meal. Regardless, I still enjoyed the food at Golden Beetle.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,1/2/2011,290,437,37,32,24>My future-husband brought me here for my birthday dinner last night. I don't call him my future-husband because we're engaged -- we're not -- I call him that because he brought me to A MEAT PALACE where we could be king and queen, respectively... a magical place where I could eat as much meat as my body would allow me... and men like that are few and far between, so I'm calling dibs on this one.No, really. Boyfriend is a huge tease... we drive to Factoria and park next to the Keg. "We're going to the Keg, but our reservations are at 7, let's wander a bit first." Cue somewhat frowny face because even though I like the Keg, I discovered an all-you-can-meat steakhouse had somehow manifested itself in the shared parking lot with other classy locales such as Target and Old Country Buffet. As it gets closer to 7, he pushes me back into the car and whisks me away to KFC. I tell him I *better* be getting a crispy double down. He drives past KFC and continues on to where the double rainbow ends... Novilhos.All-you-can-meat. Sweeter hyphenated words have ne'er before been typed.We walk in the door, and it's all class. They take my coat -- ["I'm number one, it says so on my coat check tag!"] That's all great, because we're classy too! For once, I wore a dress ["Honey, I think this will be my first time wearing a dress without pockets!... Oh, I found the pockets."] and he wore a fancy shirt and fancy pants. Fancypants, ha. But that wasn't even necessary -- we saw fellow diners decked out in not-so-fancy sweatpants/t-shirts... they probably had no idea they were going to be entering the only church I will ever pray at again on major holidays [Easter, Christmas, St. Patrick's Day... here, here, HERE].We're seated by an adorable host and explained the process by a knowledgeable female server who encouraged us to hit up the salad bar first. "Okay, I love salad but I'm here for meat..." I think to myself as I walk to the middle of the room... only to be pleasantly surprised -- this is no ordinary salad bar -- they have perfectly crispy bacon, amazingly tasty salmon, tons of olives and cheeses and meats and asparagus -- I nearly made the mistake of filling up too much from just the salad bar! That, paired with the super tasty cheesebread [which had an almost mochi-esque chewiness to it] delayed my flipping of the coin from red to "fill me up."And as soon as that coin was flipped, far too many attractive men [made more attractive by the perfectly prepared meat swords they were carrying] came to *incredibly* politely bring me happiness. Filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, lamb, ribeye, more filet mignon... "Would you like to try this ribeye? May I please have your assistance with the tongs?" -- yep, that's right, the only thing I had to do besides have a green coin up was use my little set of meat tongs to hold on to meat as they cut it from their swords. Swoon. Boyfriend comments about how much he loves all the meat they're putting in his mouth. I giggle inappropriately. I may be 23 now, but that doesn't mean I'm mature.For an hour or so the gift of meat was constant -- our dinner was at 7pm, so this may be the prime time to get all the delicious options Novilhos offers. Boyfriend ordered me a glass of wine, because I don't drink that stuff so I can't say what it was [sorry, it was red?] but it was an excellent pairing.We also ordered caipirinhas, which were deliciously boozy -- they pour strong. I was blissfully content. We had flan for dessert which was pretty much the best flan I've ever had, ever. It was a perfect chaser to eating what surely amounted to a human leg's worth of meat.The final awesome of the night was they brought us around a shot of something to "aid with digestion" that had something like 43 different spices in it and tasted a bit of vanilla... my boyfriend insists it was tequila with honey and vanilla in it, but I insist it was delicious. I had three. I really wanted to digest that meat.Best birthday dinner ever. Excellent service, excellent food, excellent booze... just... the best birthday dinner ever. Hands down.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,1/1/2011,124,582,9,12,10>My dear Yelpers, when was the last time you were served a platter of lovely salted butter, garlic oil AND red pepper oil, to accompany a - wait for it - heaping Sierra cup filled with baguette slices?!You who know what a Sierra cup is know you've never seen THIS in one before.....The Noble Fir is the new project from a couple, recently from REI and the law world. REI and travels: hence the maps scattered throughout, as well as in a lovely little seat cubby in the back corner, complete with your little table and coasters,( if you want to feel like you're in an old geography library that happens to be in a refurbished Ballad storefront space). Otherwise, grab a seat at a high table or one of the few booths, taking some time to look over the menu. And stop, in amazement, at the $5-$6 beers that appear in 20-ounce Imperial pint glasses.Yes...twenty ounces of beer for five or six dollars: some great beers, from around the Pacific Northwest. Elsewhere in town you'll be hard-pressed to find even a simple pint for that pittance.....Not to mention the variety and quality. Terminal Gravity, Elysian, Diamond Knot, Rogue, Laurelwood, to name only a few. If you're not a beer lover, Noble Fir also offers a substantial selection of cider bottles (and a couple on tap!), a welcome addition to our beer-soaked city.And if you're not a beer lover but a wine lover, the interesting (primarily) French (but a few Spanish) and Northwest wine list will delight, not only for the selection but also the very generous pours (which make the sticker price-per-glass a deal). Add on a little cheese/salumi/field roast plate, and a couple of sandwiches, and you have all you need for some light eating and quality drinking on Ballard Ave. See you around!
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2010,12/31/2010,331,569,12,11,9>I recently described the Funhouse as grungetastic because, well, it is. I don't find myself here often because the shows booked here aren't really my scene. However, if you are into punk, metal or hard core, then the Funhouse may very well be YOUR scene. And it can be your scene for a pretty cheap cover fee (normally $5-$10). On my last visit, I stood behind the guy who ordered, "Just giving me something in a can." I, on the other hand, ordered Jameson and ginger. The bartender looked at me and grabbed a tall glass and said, "I assume anyone drinking whiskey wants a double." Alright, double it is. The Funhouse looks like it was decorated by someone's creepy, retired carnie uncle, but I suppose it could be endearing in a dive bar sort of way. The bathrooms though aren't endearing. Cramped, dirty quarters - I'll hold it.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,12/30/2010,140,456,10,15,12>I am Switzerland.  I declare myself neutral in the Seattle Cupcake war!  There must be at least half a dozen different cupcake makers in the city, each with its share of rabid supporters and detractors.  I don't get it--because the least of any Seattle cupcake boutique beats the poants off a 12-pack from the Safeway bakery dept.I love Cupcake Royale!  Their cake is moist and the frosting is light.  Plus they don't smother the cake with frosting.  I'm diabetic and don't have as much of a sweet tooth, so this is how I prefer it.  Plus this location is walking distance from my home and is not far from Cal Anderson Park, so it's a nice place to go for a treat after a walk.Many people rave about the salted caramel cupcake (word: try it), but my favorite is the carrot.  The cream cheese frosting is amazing and goes perfectly with the moist carrot cake.  They've got good coffee too, so it's a great place to take a break.I'm docking one star because I've had some problems in the past with their to-go packaging.  I'm not going to blame the weather on Cupcake Royale, but once I got caught in a torrential downpour and the cardboard box they gave me did not protect its precious cargo from the elements.  There was no insert to keep the cupcakes in place and by the time I had walked three blocks the box was practically falling apart.  It looks like they have nice plastic domes for individual cupcakes now, so hopefully this isn't as much of a problem.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,12/29/2010,221,439,13,18,16>Here's a scenario that happened several months ago as I was sitting behind the counter with a friend who was working at a downtown Seattle hotel: Hotel Customer (to my friend): Any restaurant recommendations? Friend: Here's a list of all the restaurants closeby...Me: You should try Il Bistro.  They are centrally located underneath Pike Place and it's super cozy and romantic.  They have wonderful pasta.  During the fall, they offer a pear and gorgonzola raviloli that's just divine.  Their meat entrees are always juicy and succulent. Hotel Customer: Wow!  Pear ravioli?  ...and SOLD.  By the way, I don't work at a hotel.  I just pretend I do so I can offer advice to tourists regarding where they should eat.  Last time I was here --- I ordered the Wild Mushroom Truffle soup which was really rich and creamy.  The truffle flavor really comes through.  For an entree, I got their Rack of Lamb and it was delicious.  The meat was very tender and the flavors are impeccable.  I can see why the rack of lamb has been a restaurant favorite for the last 35 years!
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,12/27/2010,153,353,52,31,26>My main difficulty with reviewing the Lebanese wonder that is Mediterranean Kitchen, which I've started to do many times over the past two years to culminate in the dreaded reviewer's block, is that it's already pretty much been done to death, to the point of being the Eastside analog of Paseo. In particular, my more quotable thoughts have already been recorded with a dash of poetic license as the not-so-tall, dark, or mysterious "dining companion" warning of impending garlic in one of the venue's ROTDs.So, in lieu of a normal narrative review and in an attempt to freshly contribute, instead a concise hint book for Mediterranean Kitchen:(B = Basic, M = Moderate, E = Expert, A = Advanced)B: If someone in your party doesn't like garlic, redirect mission to Bamboo Garden.B: Dinner has a much better price vs. portion ratio (excellent) than lunch.B: Arrive early, the restaurant is busy and quite small, but beats almost all of the Bellevue Collection mall dinner options.B: Order the shish tawook, the salmon variant, or the Algerian chicken (eschewing some chicken for vegetables), all roughly $15. Skip the shwarma.B: Don't order an appetizer unless you can divide it among 4+, if not 6+, people.M: Consciously divide your entree into thirds, if not quarters, up front to avoid gut burst.M: The baklava is delicious (and uncharacteristically tiny) but is meant more of a tease, a reminder of your failure to resist the garlic mountain than a sensible option.M: Don't head anywhere directly afterward. If you are going out and not planning on stopping home first, you will encounter a problem as a potent bag of garlic is one of the few items against Seattle's relaxed idea of a dress code, and your vehicle will regret it. E: Bringing a hot date is always a mixed proposition. The venue is small, dimly lit, quite romantic (albeit slightly loud) and is mood-enhancing for the garlic lover. However, you will smell like garlic for the next day, including your breath directly after brushing your teeth. If you drove, your vehicle will smell like garlic the next morning from the leftovers. Unless you adequately planned (see above), you will be on the verge of a food coma. Avoid for a first date, but highly recommended for a coming-of-age date. If you can successfully integrate the garlic into your intimacy and neither of you mind, you can be assured of the strength of your mutual feelings or at least the superglue of lust.A: If you or your monogamous partner are going away for a weekend trip and fidelity is in doubt, take him/her here before leaving - you will ruin his/her game for at least 24 hours. This also works on a dishonest, over-libidinous frienemy. (Not that I've ever intentionally done this.)By all means, go. Enjoy the garlic. Just  please be properly prepared.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,12/26/2010,43,127,14,17,15>Ben knows how to give a masahhhhhhhge. Not a masa-a-a-age. What I mean to say is, he incorporates breath, stretching, and long broad strokes to really get at the deep knots. He has a nice balance of active work and rest, which took me from intense release to total relaxation.I take issue with some of the practitioners I've had in Seattle who do a nudge-nudge-nudge technique. That tends to bind up my muscles, which leaves me feeling less relaxed. I have to learn to speak up now when trying a new person.Luckily, Ben got it. We discussed my myriad of issues beforehand, and he even found a couple of surprise spots as well. I came out of there worked-over and sore, but that's exactly what I was looking for. He can definitely go lighter, but I was looking for some serious deep tissue.I also really liked the space. He works out of his home, which made it feel like I was visiting an old buddy (who was about to perform some miracles on me.) It was homey and comfortable, but clean and professional.Oh, and I almost forgot to mention the HEATED oil and warm towels! That was a nice bonus. I highly recommend Ben if you need some serious knot-removal.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,12/25/2010,36,255,5,11,7>Sometimes it seems as though Seattle is teeming with high-end bakeries and pastry shops, and it can be overwhelming to separate the wheat from the chaff. As it happens, I discovered Tall Grass Bakery by accident through their presence at the Phinney Farmers Market. The pretzels are really good, though rather salty. (Excess rock salt is easily scraped off.) The outside is a bit buttery, but also deliciously crusty, revealing a soft and chewy interior. The traditional flavor of lye seems to be absent, however. The large cookies (ginger molasses and chocolate hazelnut) are crunchy on the outside but more yielding on the inside, with excellent flavor---better than your typical coffee shop cookies. I'm also fond of the Pullman loaf, a substantial white bread with a square cross-section and a delightfully chewy crust. It's not a bread I'd use for sandwiches, but it makes great toast and French toast. I look forward to trying some other breads and sweets!
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,12/24/2010,226,322,6,7,8>Screams, I'm not a pretentious, yuppie filled hang out joint with crazy décor and shiny bling.  It does subtlety whisper into your ear, "Hey, yeah you.  I know you want a good burger, so park your car, come in, choose a delicious menu item, and prepare for a good burger."   See, how hard was that, in a city filled with great food choices, it's hard to sometimes notice the local places, which add flavor and complexity to each neighborhood. Okay, the food.  The burger here is well balanced.  Let's examine the Bacon Cheeseburger.  You have meat, cheese, bacon pieces, a nice layer lettuce, tomato, sauce, and optional onion.  The bun, is heated nicely, and holds well, with all the potential vegetable liquids overflow.  The meat has a good flavor, especially with the crunchy onion.  They make it right there for you, like any good place, no heat lamps, just made to order goodness. Speaking of onion, they have onion rings. They are super crunchy, with a batter which falls apart in a good well-cooked way.  Good portion for the price.  If you are looking for a good value, this should be on your list. I think with Red Mill being just a 5 minute drive, I have overlooked the other local flair, and this place is what makes Ballard just another great place to go eat.  It's not the polished burgers of Red Mill fame, and may be out of the way, but if you take a minute to make your way to Ballard, you will be rewarded with a good tasting, working man's burger.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,12/23/2010,139,121,10,15,12>With all of its dark history and notoriety, I came to Vito's grand opening with certain expectations. But there were no coke lines, no gunfights, no shooting up in the bathroom, in fact it was quite a mellow, friendly atmosphere.I was slightly relieved because I didn't bring my Tommy gun. The décor screams 50s with a touch of kitsch. Though it wasn't smoky, you can feel the presence of the ghosts of past tobacco smokes. It was there, lingering in the air, becoming almost a part of the décor. The jazz singer in the background was barely audible that night but still provided a pleasant and classy atmosphere in the air. They play good music here. On my subsequent visits, old Italian tunes congruously soundtracked the room when there was no live musician.Though Vitos may not boast the largest selection of liquor, especially for rye, the cocktails were enough to win me over. Sitting at the bar, I had the privilege of ordering directly--consulting-- from the bartender. Nabil really impressed me with his craftsmanship with rye drinks. He knows how to work his rye. From my handful of visits thus far, he's the only bartender I've gotten drinks from, and it was nice that he remembers my name and drink preference. He even has his own signature rye cocktail. I've only had good experience with the waitstaff and service here, though it's mostly been with the aforementioned bartender. The food, however, has yet to impress me. I've only tried their happy hour menu, and it was just OK for being happy hour bar food. I can see myself being a regular here, stopping in for a drink or two, especially since I live in the vicinity. It's a nice addition to my other favorite neighborhood haunt, The Hideout, just up the street.Good work on your makeover, Vito's!
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,11/19/2014,466,819,5,13,12>ONE. SERIOUS. BURGER. Came in here today after seeing all the awesome reviews and thank GOD because we needed a decent burger joint around here!BRGER Bar is hands down easily one of the tastiest burgers I've had here in Seattle. Tucked away between other eateries you walk in and are instantly greeted by their awesome staff. They are super friendly and on point. You will likely never have to ask for anything because they certainly bring their customer service A-game!Really cool place. Brick and wood interior. Simple. Clean. Nice small bar area where you also order your food. Upstairs area for additional seating and a few TVs for some sports viewing!My order was the BMB - Bacon, Mushroom, Blue Cheese Sauce. The patty was cooked perfectly and juicy. Not a wimpy sized patty either! Bacon was crispy just the way I like it. Sauce was good and not overly powerful. Almost wish they added blue cheese crumbles to it for some extra umph!You can certainly customize your burger though. Toppings listed on back of menu if you want to add any goodies or even build your own! You can also change out a burger patty for veggie, or chicken. Score. The meal itself comes with fries. I opted for the IPA beer battered fries for $2 extra. Little did I know these bad boys were actually dipped...AND battered....like imagine thick fish & chip batter with a fry inside. Definitely wasn't expecting that. They were certainly decedent and my inner fat kid wanted to destroy into them all but knew that wouldn't be the greatest idea. They are more than happy to give you a to-go container and sauce to-go as well! All in all this place is legit. They know whats up and cater to the lunch crowd for sure. Just know that it will take a few for your burger to cook, but it's so worth it!I will note that it looks like their prices went up about $1 since April. Not sure what caused it or if they changed product/quality.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/18/2014,104,10,11,13,14>Out of all the pho places I've been to, I enjoy  this place the most because: 1. Very nice and welcoming staff.2. Clean - the outside and inside of the establishment is well taken care of, plus your condiments on the table aren't sticky!3. No flies! - at every other place I've been to they kept their doors open so I always had to fight with flies while trying to eat my pho before it got cold, but thank goodness at this place I got to enjoy my pho without having to deal with a single fly!4. Plenty of bean sprouts - I like how this place isn't stingy with the bean sprout. I love lots of bean sprouts in my pho.5. Price is reasonableOverall, this place has now become my favorite pho spot!
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,11/17/2014,51,196,8,13,11>Girls with long hair understand that there is an unspoken rule. If you only want 3 inches trimmed, you say 2 inches. If you're lucky, the stylist will trim 3.5. It's a battle I've been fighting for years, until one fateful day I stepped into Ten Pachi and had an appointment with Dane.NOW I DON'T NEED TO SPEAK IN CODE!!! I held up the amount I wanted trimmed, which was roughly 2 inches. My hair was long enough that if there was a blunder, I would have been okay with 3. But you know what? Dane trimmed 2 inches, which is exactly what I wanted. It was seriously the perfect length.I have ridiculously low-maintenance hair so I refuse to pay loads of money for a haircut. I only blow dry for a couple minutes after I get out of the shower, and almost never style it. After I tell stylists this, most of them scoff and/or scold me for the infrequency in which I cut my hair. Dane was super chill and didn't do any of the above.I opted just for the haircut with the self-style bar, but Dane asked me if he could just do a quick rough dry/style (umm... YAS!!!). It. Was. Divine. All of this for $25?!? I think I may have found my go-to hair stylist. Ten Pachi, I love you!!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,11/16/2014,18,46,9,11,11>Upon arriving I can see why you might be a little skeptical given the location. However the worst thing you could do is not go in. They have everything you could possibly want. Beer? Check. Growler of beer? Check. Soda? Check. Mexican Pepsi? Check. Food that will make you question placing additional orders to take with you? Check. Everything I have tried here is absolutely mind blowing good. The chicken sandwich I was impressed by them not using a premade chicken breastfeeding and slapping in between some bread. They actually bread the chicken and you can tell. They had probably the best fish tacos I've ever tried. I am thinking of heading back there now. See you there!
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/15/2014,145,356,12,12,8>In the past year and a half I've had the displeasure of moving FOUR times - the first, with the help of some transients found through a local agency, the second, with the help of some cranky friends who dispensed unwanted decorating advice, the third  a mediocre moving agency - and this final time with Adams.For three of the moves, I'd called Adams - they were at the top of my (and Yelp's) list, after all.  Each time they were busy, but generously recommended other movers (who were also busy).  After having contacted many MANY movers, I can say that Adams is incredibly responsive.  You send in one of their online quotes, they will get back with you very promptly.  If you call, even promptly-er.  After quoting a price - which I've found is usually an over-estimation, in case something goes horribly awry - like your underwear goes flying out over the I-5 in a two-mile stretch - they will confirm the date and time with you.  They also didn't ask for a deposit, which some other companies might do, during peak times.In terms of paperwork, Adams was the most formal and meticulous, even asking me to sign some forms saying that I grant their movers permission to move my stuff before moving.  Their rates are also clearly laid out and payment terms explained before any work occurs.  I suppose this is for the customers who didn't bother reading the rates on the website, or listen to the rate being quoted on the phone, or over the email before hiring Adams.  I was assigned three guys, but on the day of (a pissy terrible rainy day that made me question whether the move would be canceled), someone called me five minutes before arriving saying they'd be a little late, since the third man they were waiting for had called in sick and they were waiting for a replacement.As it turned out, two people were enough, and they got the job done in 4.5 hours (including drive time).  And this was from U-district to Kenmore.  They worked non-stop, didn't take breaks and very little talking or joking around.  They'd even offered to set up things, like the table or rug - extra time for them, I know, but still nice to be asked.At the end, when I gave the guys a tip, they also appeared genuinely appreciative, like it was totally unexpected. (It wasn't that much, considering the total bill.)  I don't know how many people tip their movers, but hauling stuff around on a wet rainy day is tough work, and a good job should be well-rewarded.Adams is a little more expensive than the other companies I've had previously, and MUCH more expensive than transients.  But then again, the movers at Adams won't re-enact stories about knocking someone's teeth out at a bar the week before, while handling boxes of your bone china plates and bowls.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,11/14/2014,786,852,12,15,15>Hipster living room meets neighborhood speakeasy. Finally (!) made it to the Upstairs after hearing raves from a number of friends...shouldn't have waited so long. First sign of bartending is the drink list - strewn with classics galore: Corpse Reviver #2, Toronto, Jack Rose, Bees Knees, Aviation...all my good friends :) Bartenders mean business, the good kind. Wanted a spicy mocktail while on detox - barkeep skillfully made a delicious concoction with ginger beer, ginger syrup and habañero tincture. Outstanding. Tuck me away Upstairs, I'll see you in the morning.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/13/2014,482,20,27,34,40>Benaroya Hall is a match made in heaven whether you are a musician or have no taste in music at all!I imminently was swept back into the late 1700's once Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" was ringing in my ear when the seattle symphony didnt even begin playing! The venue possessed a sophisticated mannerism; it was fancy, and it made me feel fancy when I do not have an ounce of fanciness in me. The acoustics were on point and each strike of a string instrument's bow resonated throughout the whole room. The orchestra was remarkable and played beautifully as always;  I was especially impressed with their perfect unity and harmonics. It was like Jesus riding on a unicorn over a rainbow into a sea of babies. But thats what you'd expect of an orchestra with a reputation for impeccable musical composition! I've been first chair violinist for five years, taught beginners how to play any string instrument in the orchestra for three, and played solos in numerous performances. But the symphony exceeded my standards of how music should sound like because they carry a richness, a passion that portrays the innate beauty of music through every note they play. There is a finesse and wisdom that is carried through them; from their pianissimo to their fortissississimo! And from start to finish, it can throttle someone with entrenched bitterness to get up on their feet and applaud with eyes full of tears.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,11/12/2014,229,86,13,23,21>When Eric Donnelly left Toulouse Petit to start RockCreek I had mixed feelings.  For one he was leaving Toulouse Petit and two, how is an upscale seafood restaurant going to thrive in upper Fremont?  I have been blown away at its reception and finally had a chance to dine here since it opened last year.  Its recent national recognition is absolutely warranted and it will continue to receive rave reviews so long as Eric is in the kitchen.  The space is stunning and offers a variety of seating options for parties of all sizes.  The wine list is extensive without being a novel and the servers can recommend something to make a great pairing for any dish on their menu.Small plates:Calamari "Kari Out" - Next time I'm going to ask for a soup spoon with this thing because the orange flavored sauce was slurpworthy no doubt!  The calamari was tender and not chewy whatsoever and was coated with a well-seasoned cornmeal crust.  It is served with a combination of basil and other veggies that gave this dish a Thai flair that I loved.  The presentation in a stereotypical Chinese takeout box was well played!Oysters Brock-a-Fella - Bacon meets oysters in this rendition of baked oysters.  With three oysters served over a bed of rock salt with a lemon wedge, this dish is on point!Entrees:Neah Bay Black Cod Provencale - I've loved black cod anywhere I've had it and RockCreek does a superb job with their preparation of the fish.  The provencale had a nice tang to it that really went well with the light fish.  I also enjoyed the heaps of dill, basil, and fried onion straws on top.  Excellent choice!Chesapeake Bay Crown Nose Ray - This was fresh in that day so my friends decided to give it a try simply because they've never had sting ray before.  While the fish was well prepared we all felt the chutney-like caramelized onions served with it were a little too sour and took away from the overall dish.  Maybe a puree or gastrique of some sort would've suited this dish better.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/11/2014,645,1150,12,13,14>Before hitting the road and heading down to Portland this past weekend, we came to Central Pizza because (a) we didn't want to fool around trying to find parking, (b) pizza sounded great and (c) we wanted to support a business in our neighborhood.A positive ambience jumps right out at you upon entering Central Pizza.  We were pleasantly surprised to see that there was a full bar and big booths.   When we were here, the restaurant was hopping with a range of clientele, including families with children.Let me cut to the chase and tell you that Central Pizza has the best pizza crust I've ever eaten.  It's thin and crispy.  And even though the crust is thin, it is sturdy (compared to the thin crust of the Neopolitan pizza served at a local chain down in Columbia City that quickly disintegrates into mush).We were seated and opted for the Top Hat (small $15, large $26), which consisted of prosciutto, thin slices of roasted eggplant, red onion and goat and mozzarella cheeses.   By default, the pizza comes with basil and Pomodoro sauce.  My understanding is that Pomodoro Sauce is a red sauce like marinara, but is thicker and the tomatoes in the sauce are less chunky.However, I am not a fan of basil (yes, yes, I know I don't like many spices - I'm a fussbudget that way) so we asked our server to leave the basil off the pizza.  Our server cautioned, that being the case, that we try the white sauce or olive oil instead of the Pomodoro, because Pomodoro sauce contains basil.  We went with the olive oil, though I'd like to try the white sauce next time (and there'll be a next time!).Our order came out in good time served on one of this elevated platters that I associate with Pegasus on Alki.  The pizza was flawless, absolutely flawless.  The prosciutto has a unique flavor that grows on ya as you chow down on the pizza.Service was over the top fabulous.  We received plenty of attention, which we appreciated.  In particular, we liked how the staff would come 'round regularly and turn the platter so that the uneaten pizza pieces were always closest to us.Overall, a great experience!
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/10/2014,155,134,8,10,14>There was a line that wrapped around the building and inside, so I was thinking great am I going to have to wait an hour to eat a sandwich. But to my surprise the line moved pretty quickly. I came hear hearing about the famous delicious east coast style cheesesteak complete with cheese wiz. So I waited in line, the gave you choices to put into your cheesesteak such as peppers, both hot and sweet, onions, choice of cheese. Of course I choose the cheese wiz, what's a cheesesteak without cheese wiz? The sandwich comes in a 8" and 12" option, they are really large for the value. Ate the whole thing, wow was I just so full. I also tried the famous "tat'strami".. basically a heart attack waiting to happen because of the pastrami. It had this cole slaw with russian dressing (kinda mayonnaisey) It gave it a balance to the all the pastrami. I still prefer the cheesesteak. One thing I tried was the chicken wings, they were not that good and tiny. I just don't think it's worth it. One more thing to add... the tat's steaksauce.. yum I can drink it, you must get this to put on your sandwich.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2007,10/4/2007,5000,240,18,27,30>This is a local based company that specializes in Filipino products like longanisa (sausage), cured pork (tocino) and egg rolls (lumpia) that can be found in the freezer section of Asian grocery stores like Uwajimaya. I'm really a big fan of their longanisa for its savory sweetness (it's packaged in pineapple juice) and the fact that it makes for a quick meal with just a bowl of rice! I really wish these guys would open a restaurant because I really enjoy their food. They can be found at local community fairs around the sound like the Taste of Tacoma, Taste of Edmonds and the U-District Street Fair. I try to catch them when they are at the Seattle Center for the Pagdiriwang Festival (Philippine Independence) and Bite of Seattle.I try to schedule my lunches for the whole weekend they are at the Seattle Center to indulge in one of many combo meals that include pancit, lumpia, rice and one of the following: chicken or pork skewers, pork or chicken adobo. Combos are super cheap at $6 and you will get more than healthy portion! You can also order longanisa and tocino on the side. Once you are finished with your meal, you can also load up on other Filipino dessert favorites like: turon (fried banana fritter - looks like a lumpia), mango lemonade and halo halo (shaved ice with condensed milk and various fruit and sweet beans).Wow, this is my 100th review and it feels great to get this milestone! Not that I felt much pressure to produce this review, right Michelle? :) Thanks for the encouragement! Thanks for reading!
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2007,10/2/2007,66,112,3,5,4>Hands down my favorite chinese restaurant in the city.   I was spoiled growing with good chinese restaurants up north in Vancouver, and was more than pleasantly surprised when I found this restaurant.The restaurant looks like a dive from the outside (and inside), but you're not there to look trendy.  Instead you're there for good food so don't forget that :)The Cumin lamb and dry cooked chicken are no brainers as far as I'm concerned.  If you order these, you'll be in heaven.  Contrary to many of the other reviews I've read, including the Seattle times, I wasn't a big fan of the twice cooked pork dish.  It felt like I was eating a mouthful of pork fat with some meat on the side clinging on for dear life.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2007,9/30/2007,12,31,8,7,10>Oh My GoD! How did I live without a Ferry System my whole life?!?!I love the ferry, Hell I love riding the ferry on days that I am really not going anywhere, but what a better way to spend $5 then on a Sunny Seattle Day (hey, they are rare so take advantage!) with a clear view of Mount Rainier, the Cascades, and other various mountainy...systems.My favorite boats are the ones going to Bremerton, just because they are bigger and the top deck is awesome on beatiful days.I am saddened at the fact that I am stuck on a boat with hundreds of SCREAMING children at times...but it's okay.  I can accidently trip them or just not move with they come charging at me.  *insert Evil Grin*It's help my business SOO much, opening up opportunities to brides who normally only have weird old guy photographers (who shot their mom's and grandmother's weddings) to choose from.  Sweet.And hey, after a ferry ride to Good Ol' PO (Port Orchard to most - the Fauntleroy to Southworth ferry) I love to head to El Sombero downtown...additional Sweet.Yay Ferries!!(ps.  Hawaii is finally, possibly, getting a ferry system...yay)
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,9/29/2007,49,119,11,20,24>I've been a dedicated Hilltop customer for years. I LOVE THEM. Here's why. I call this "The Saga of the Honda" and it went down in 2002.8:30am: I take our Honda with 360,000 miles on it to the mechanic. I say, "It's a junker, and I know it's not going to last long, but I just want to make sure it's ok to drive to LA."3:00pm: The mechanic calls me. She tells me all the things that are wrong with the car, including only 5-10% of the front breaks left, and a serious front axle issue. I say, "Hmm, well, thanks. I'll probably drive it anyway." She says, "Um, I would highly recommend you rent a car." I think, "Hmm, maybe she's right."4:00pm: I price out rental cars. It would cost a fortune. I wonder if maybe the mechanic's suggestion wasn't so good.5:00pm: After looking at all the over-priced options, I decide that fuggit, I'm just going to risk the car breaking down and drive it. I'll be caravaning with my husband, and worst case scenario is that the Honda poops out, and I ride down to LA with him, then drive the truck back to where the Honda crapped out and switch over the contents, and tow the Honda to a wrecking yard. A gamble, sure, but not the end of the world.5:30pm: I pick up the car. The mechanic I talked to is busy with another customer, and I'm helped by a different mechanic. He grimaces and says "Uh, good luck?" as he hands me the receipt.5:32pm: I walk out to the Honda and start it up. As I release the emergency brake, my original mechanic comes running out. "I need to talk to you about this car," she says. "Look, I know you're not going to get it fixed, and I think that's smart. It's too old to be worth investing $1500 into. But please -- please -- don't drive this to Los Angeles." She explains what's wrong with the car, and how it's not that it would stop running or poop out on me, but that I would lose steering control...and then my breaks would go out. She says, "This isn't a motor issue, this is a breaks and steering issue. This is very very serious. This car is fine for low speed surface street driving, but I'm begging you not to drive it on the freeway. And especially not all the way to LA. Please."I almost start crying because this woman is so genuinely worried and sincere in her concern. She was pleading with me just not to drive the car, for my sake, not for her income's sake.9:00pm: After having dinner at The Canterbury, Andreas and I walk passed the auto repair place just as my mechanic is locking up and walking out to her truck. "Hey!" I yell, running over. "I just wanted to let you know that I figured out a way to get to LA without the car! I'm renting a trailer to hook up to the truck, and giving the car to some friends who like fixer uppers. I told them not to take it on the freeway, and said that I could even tell them all about what's wrong with it. I told them, 'I just spent $70 today so that you can know exactly what's broken.' I just wanted to say thanks! I mean, you might have saved my life!""That's what you spent the 70 bucks for," she said."Yeah," I replied. "70 bucks for my life. I think that's a pretty good deal.""Definitely," she smiled.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2007,9/28/2007,40,39,20,13,14>I demand Remedy Teas to be taken down from Yelp. Seriously. To above reviewers, WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?! This place is small, has WiFi, has endless choices of teas, seductive pastries, premium truffles and even tea sandwiches - Where am I going to sit if you keep attracting more people on yelp?! SERIOUSLY!Do you believe in love at first sight? I do, now. I'm in love with this place as soon as I stepped foot in here. The modern decor, the tea vials, the wall of teas, the subtle pairing of flowers and store color...I can go on, but I really don't want you here if you haven't been already. Yes, I'm a selfish little brat, it's in my blood.As I admired the tray of tea pot, tea cups (which I LOVE), the timer...I thought to myself, whoever came up with this concept/store/design/everything, is a genius. Pure. Genius. I honestly can not find a single flaw...damn Remedy Teas.I can't wait to enjoy my 3 tiered platter on my next visit.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2007,9/27/2007,1785,805,29,11,13>Greenlake Park is SOOoo not haunted, Boobsock Tubetop! Yeah, I'm talkin' to you! Yep, callin' you out...I run this badboy of a 2.8 mile loop, twice sometimes thricefold, several times a week, and not once have I seen a ghost, had an out of body experience, etcetra, etcetra. What I do know about Greenlake Park is this:I do not have a giant bicycle (wish I did), nor have I seen this individual (wish I would). I also do not squeal by on my practical Shwinn, yelling out obscenities to those who might wander into the 'wheelz' only path (when the feet only path is too crowded)- 'And hey, you crazy F*cker- I know who you are.. next time you flip me off, I got a stick with your 'spoke's' name on it!I like to run the lake. I enjoy watching people in impractical shoes on cell phones, really 'get into their groove', really, 'workin' it out'.I enjoy the runners/ walker's 'today is the first day of my new life! I'm doing this every night! This is my life change!' facial expressions as they pass by. They're gonna make it happen. Watch for it. They're goin' home tonight and chowin' on salads and rice cakes. Give them a hand!I love you, 'Mr. Shorty Shorty Jean Short Rollerblade the day away Jackson'. Go on witcha bad self.. You and them blades.. HOG WILD!I heart the place where you can sit on the cement and yell things at passers by, like: 'SHhhssshh. Damn! Heeeey.. don't run away!" or "Yow.. Mama- look whatcha done did!' I dig the park. It's a great park. Sure, there might be an evil abcess of a sore in the middle of the park (it's called the lake), but hey, it's a good place to get your 'physical fitness swerve on'.. and so much more.Good times. ps- and NOT haunted. Ha HA!
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2007,9/26/2007,400,699,21,19,20>Being that this is the roomy's church; I decided to make this one my first stop on the church tour. I figured, if I'd break out in hives or ignite in flames upon walking through the blessed doors, she'd be there to put out the fire with holy water; although, that might act like gasoline with me.If you're not Catholic, here's a recipe for fun: stand up, sit down, stand up sit down, kneel, stand up, a little bit of sing sing sing, sit down, and throw in some praying for good measures. I figured that this being a Catholic church, I would be in for a lot of finger wagging and prejudice, however, not completely so. It seems this church is based on old traditions, and reading straight from the bible. I didn't hear any "so and so is bad because they're not Catholic" talk, just passages from the bible without translations of what the priest thought they should mean. In fact the only form of discrimination I noticed was a note on the inside of a bible: Those who are not Catholic cannot partake in communion. Weird, I would think followings of loving thy neighbor would allow anyone needing blessing, to receive it. FINE! I didn't want to participate in the cannibalistic rituals of Jesus anyway! So here I am, sitting at the back of the church, of course, watching people make their connection with God. Listening and watching children not pay attention, cause let's face facts people, they don't care nor do they understand; leave them at home with the TV. It's not very packed for the 10am service and the church is huge. I scan the confessionals and imagine myself going in there and confessing a murder I didn't commit, just to hear the reaction. I snap back to, and listen for any sort of negatives, none. I watch the collection baskets come and go. They make me have contact with other attendees, which I'm really not fond of, but just hand shakes. "Peace be with you" "um, thanks?"  I pat myself on the back for not falling asleep, which was habit growing up. Then I start to feel really warm even though, I believe the interior was cool; oh shit, God's on to me!!! Thankfully before I broke out into evil sweats, the service ended. Only an hour long; not too bad for a blasphemer.In all, 4 stars. This felt like a good church that didn't fully discriminate against people needing or wanting faith. Minus 1 star for the fact that I read I could'nt participate in eating the Jez-its.*this is an exploration of religious organizations and their gospels. Being that I am not religious, but am curious, and being as such, you can expect a non partial review based on my non religious ass and my 'opinions'. Please save your preaching for someone who cares
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2007,9/25/2007,502,444,29,22,19>I used to belong to the Seattle Athletic Club, formerly the Seattle Club down there in the market.  Even with my employer picking up half the monthly dues, I was shelling out over $60 per month for not a lot of equipment and a whole lot of attitude from other members.  My job quit sharing the cost, and I ended my membership.  And sat on my ass for three years - and my ass got bigger - and how.Anyhoo - I had my annual check-up a couple of weeks ago and found out that I not only have a big ass, but high cholesterol.  I need to start moving around a little bit, and given my mommy status - best if I can do it at lunch.So I bite the bullet and join 24 hour which I can walk to from my office.  I am slightly frightened because I am thinking this is a gym full of fake and baked Peso's waitresses and guys trying to get in their pants, but I want to live, so I go.I am pleasantly surprised!  I go at around 3, before the meat market rush I am thinking.  There are about 10 times more machines than the SAC, an even trade for the lack of spa like quality in the locker room.  The place is almost dead - perfect!  There are people with bigger asses than mine!  EXCELLENT!I jump on an elliptical and go.  Hot damn, I can still do a level 7 cross-train.  I rock.  Next I need to do some weights - I find this great little set up in the middle of the cardio floor.  About ten machines in a circuit, meant for a 24 minute weight training work out.  I know how to use most of them and do.  All sweaty, feeling a nice little endorphin rush.  Yay.Head back to the office, excited to return the next day.  And all for $35 a month.  Kick ass, thank you 24!  I look forward to a long and ass shrinking relationship with you!UPDATE:Three dollar childcare.  Yeah - I love this place.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,9/24/2007,151,143,6,10,7>I have to give credit to Tim O. for suggesting this place as a block party intermission, and I have to give a big thank you to Sandy for charging me $2 each for the first four well drinks we purchased.  This is a very "comfortable" dive bar with just the right amount of seediness.  It's dark, and the decor is circa 1978 (and their prices accurately reflect that).   They didn't have a huge booze selection, but had all the standard liquors and a respectable eight or so beers on tap.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,9/23/2007,150,283,6,17,12>hng.i must really love yelp to do this. well. what goes around comes around. so the saying (and the song my justin timberlake) says. o...i hope it is good things that will come around from this sharing-because this review, is oooooh sooooo verrrrry goooooood so. sashimi outlet may be the best unknown thing i have to bring to yelp.it's seriously colosseul in how awesome it is-this information-like...chris colombus taking credit for "america" and "discovering" it big-well if you translated that into finding awesomely great quality sushi for close to free.99 as you can find.not that i can delude any of you that read seattle met. magazine's food lover's guide, becasue that is how i found it. i was getting my mani/pedi reading through the mag, when i saw it-and i was there 30 minutes after when i was done with the hands and feet.here are a couple of things you should know:(1)this is where sushi chefs and the like will come to buy their fish (according to the seattle. met mag's article)(2)where i would pay around 19 bux/lb for tuna from uwajimaya's sushi section, here it was (sob) 8 bux/lb. my huge 6 lbs of salmon sashimi, which i plan to use for a party...was 4.44/lbsooo my total for fresh sashimi restaurant worthy sashimi-for me to take home, defreeze & cut = 35 dollars.i'm not joking. run here for any party needs/and or, if you and your friends wanna have a at home sashimi night.they also have scallops, shrimp & every other thing in between.the staff are also incredibly helpful, they even told me how to best cut the pieces.you should note that most of all the fish are frozen-which is how must do it these days-so you will probably need a day or so to defreeze and all of that.
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2005,12/14/2005,3,6,2,5,5>The only reason I don't shop more at Urchin is because I don't have a mansion in Bellevue to fill with furniture or a new baby to clothe or a burning need to accessorize like a stylish 30-something female.  (Urchin is a hip boutique on the edge of Belltown that sells "living, sleeping, bags & accessories, jewelry, tabletop, art, wedding gifts, baby" (they also sell cards of all things)).This is the kind of store where you're paying partly for the actual item you buy and partly for the editorial skill of the shopkeeper in assembling a cohesive collection of unique and tasteful items.  Here, it is well worth it--the girls who work there are cool enough (in an understated way) that if you're checking out how a new leather handbag might look on you and one of them comes up behind you and says "I think that's really your style," you might even believe them.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2005,12/10/2005,1,3,,1,2>Who else has a happy hour that starts at 9pm? I love this place!  It's way swanky (complete opposite of the Baranof) and close to every other bar worth going to.  Great for pre-funking. And meeting psychics named Raven who will tell you everything you ever wanted to know for a few gin and tonics.   And the walls are red.  That's hot.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2005,12/5/2005,27,256,,2,1>Went for happy hour twice during our weekend in Seattle.  Hard to beat the 1/2 priced bar menu (darling and tasty mini steak sandies) and the $2.75 cocktails, beer and wine.  Can't be beat.  I'm hoping the one in SF has the same deal.  (Called last weekend and *sniff* they do not.)We also went for breakfast one morning as it was right across the street from our hotel (the one on Pine, in the Hyatt).  I had the forager's mushroom omelette with goat cheese and chives.  Now I am usually a thumbs down on the omelette type, but this one was amazing - fluffy, creamy eggs, savory blend of mushrooms, tangy goat cheese.  Heaven for breakfast!  And of course, in keeping with the steakhouse genre, the service was impeccible.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2005,11/30/2005,48,239,1,2,>Only had a ceviche, a beer, and a mango margarita.  (At 10pm, I went to Jack-in-the-box)  But they were all very good.  My friend's tortilla soup had a nice presentation too.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2005,11/28/2005,0,0,,4,2>When I went to visit my friends in Seattle they kept talking about Hole in the Wall Thai food. Huh? I finally went. It's awesome.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,9/9/2005,11/16/2005,16,379,1,1,1>I have to express how completely bummed I (and others I know) are with the conversion of the Broadway Market into the QFC Broadway Market.  The multi-level plan of this grocer/market is a complete blunder and totally not user friendly.  Have to elevator up (if you have more than a handbasket) to get paper products, beer, wine, toiletries OR elevator down if you want hardware or housewares.  Totally stupid AND the stinky trash folks share the internal elevator and it's totally gross.  This is a market really meant for urban apartment dwellers who are carless/childless folks.  Staples like milk, eggs, bread are in the far back corner of the store.  Lines have been long and management unattentive to their faithful clientele.  Bummer.  They do validate parking in the garage.  Two stars is generous.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2005,11/10/2005,44,140,3,3,3>Not my area of expertise but I had fun taking a peak. Ladies, they have "the rabbit" for about $88. Men, they have all sorts of rubbers that are blown up so you can touch and see them before you buy. There are all sorts of harnesses and whips. Umm, nice and clean... not at all intimidating to walk into. In fact, I though I was walking into an art gallery at first, due to the beautiful glass pieces in the window... ouch!?
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2005,11/6/2005,5,8,2,3,>This theater was recently put in to the Alderwood Mall. The new cinema has 16 screens and the lack of arm rests makes your movie watching experience a lot more, um, comfortable (if you know what I mean).The location of this particular theater is nice. It's right by some good sit-down restaraunts at the mall as well as the food court.What a perfect dinner & movie date.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2005,11/5/2005,27,256,,,>Ohhhhh... heavenly chocolate, most with some derivative of hazelnut.  Smooth, silky texture.  Even the milk chocolate was divine, and I'm a dark chocolate girl all the way.  Do not deny yourself.  Buy at least the 1/2 lb. ballotine.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2005,10/18/2005,100,512,,3,3>Great men's clothier, hip, mostly casual, not all too trendy. They have women's too but it is a bright spot in a sometime dull men's duds world. Tailoring as well.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2009,6/1/2009,99,224,13,11,12>Dear Lush, GTFO. I've got a new boyfriend. And he ISN'T CANADIAN. I walked in here on my way to get coffee at Joe Bar and was treated to the most generous, thoughtful shopping experience I've probably ever had. Phil is so funny and knowledgeable. He has the most amazing quality soaps and bath bombs and for what you pay - you may think they're going to be inferior, but they're NOT! He has mastered the art of recreating some of my faves and they are actually way better than I could have dreamed. I love this stuff. I'll never step foot in Lush again. Local is the way to go!!
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2009,5/31/2009,173,265,17,16,16>I really loved the soup I got here.  It had calamari, shrimp, chicken, egg noodles, rice noodles, and wontons in it.  A little more expensive than most pho places, but it is worth it for the amount of flavor the broth contains.  Also, be warned, with the plate of drop in vegetables they give you, they mix green peppers with jalapeno peppers.  I saw a couple big chunks of peppers and though, "No one chops jalapenos into slices that big."  Apparently, they do.  Consider that your warning if you aren't into overly spicy food.They have a pet duck walking around out front.  I found that funny as they have duck on the menu in several places.  One of the people going in as I left said, "Watch out, dude, you're about to be part of some tasty stew!"Hilarious.  Especially calling an animal dude.  Imagine the fun that can come from that.  To a squirrel:  "Whoa, bro, get out of the way of that car!"Highly recommended if you're in the Lynnwood area.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2009,5/30/2009,241,192,13,11,11>BRUNCH! I just heart brunch... I get up late, will have a late night, so an actual breakfast is not really happening for me. I don't want lunch, I missed breakfast ~ it's after 12noon on Saturday and I am HUNGRY. I love eggs, any style so, I trot over to after seeing the brunch sign....I see Chardonnay Eggs Benedict $8.50, I am a sucker for good a good sauce. Two seconds after sitting down being presented with my menu, I don't let my server go and say "I need THAT!"Sauce was generous, yolks bright and runny, meat fork tender ~ no knife required. Fresh fruit and seasoned potatoes were the accompaniments... It was a HUGE serving, I kept eating after full just to tatste it! I went over to the bar and pimp slapped the cook for that, damn him!
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,5/29/2009,164,329,8,8,8>hello frites... i'm in luuuuuv with you...your thin crispy potato-ey goodness is worth stuffing myself silly for (and might i mention this was only an appetizer people!!!)well well well... hellllooooo steak frites!your meaty salad-ey frites-ey (YES MORE FRITES!) goodness is worth stuffing myself silly for (i needed a wheelbarrow to get me out of the restaurant this time!)yuuuuuuuumy in ma tuuuuuuumy!! : )what a lovely hidden gem on the hill! as i mentioned the food was delightful but having great company truly makes an experience 5-star quality : )i recommend tin table for a small intimate dinner. and to burn it off take a class across the way at century ballroom!enjoy!!
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,5/27/2009,76,32,8,11,10>Since I moved back to the city I have been trying to link up with friends from college that I haven't seen in some time.  We've got a group together that tries to do dinner / happy hour at least one night a week so that we can catch up and simply socialize.  "Let's go to Musashi's tonight."We drive by it and my friend says, "There it is."   I look and see what, from the outside; appears to be a hole-in-the-wall, living room sized restaurant.  You ever heard the saying about not judging a book by its cover?  This place defines that!As we're driving by we notice a line out the door.  The place is packed inside and there are a good 10-15 people outside.  It's about 37 degrees so I take this as a good sign.  We park and then walk in and get put on a waiting list.  We were told about 20 minutes so we decided that was enough time to walk across the street for a drink or two.While the two of us were at the bar (forget the name!) I overheard the two ladies sitting next to us talking about "their table" and wondering "if it was ready".  Being the outgoing guy that I am I ask if they were in fact discussing being on the waiting list across the street at Musashi's.  After confirming my hunch, I suggested that we might have a better chance getting a table if we had combined our parties.  Got a laugh from them which was alright because I was just trying to strike up conversation.The ladies paid their tab and walked across the street and we followed suit a couple of minutes later.Still waiting outside the four of us were talking about sushi and as their party was being called for a table one of them told my friend and me to order the sashimi bowl."It's not on the menu and it's basically the chef's choice."We were called for a table about a minute later and ended up at the bar.  Niiiiiiiice.  Actually it wasn't that nice because you can't really see anything which is a shame because those guys seemed quick!We ordered a couple of rolls of tuna, salmon, and pickled mackerel.  We then asked for the sashimi bowl and two Sapporo's.We get the sushi a couple of minutes later and I was absolutely amazed at how good it was.  After plowing through our rolls we shared the bowl.  Ahi Tuna, Eel, Salmon, and Yellowtail.  I think there was Red Snapper in there as well but I'm not positive.I've been a Shiro's fan since I moved here and will probably still go there from time-to-time but this place was comparable and much cheaper.After we finished we handled the check and headed out but not before stopping by the table of the ladies that suggested the sashimi bowl."Thank you!"
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,5/26/2009,104,135,15,19,15>Warning:  Vegans and political vegetarians, turn away now... DO NOT READ ON.  You've been warned.How to eat boiled N'Awlins style crawdads: 1. Check to make sure that all the crawdads have curved tails.  If the tails are straight, they probably weren't dead when they were boiled, and are not safe to eat.  And if anything is moving after the boil, uh oh.  No crawfish had straight tails and none moved in the bunch here, a very good thing.2. Twist the tail straight off the body.  Go ahead, rip it off. 3.  Pinch the end of the tail.  Grab the meat hanging out of the tail, and pull.  It should easily pull out.  Note:  Larger tails are a lot easier to work with than smaller ones, so start with those first.4.  If you're really daring, you can "suck the head' part.  Lots of gooey stuff to swallow, plus a nice seasoned spice in there.5.  Drink your beer to wash it down.If you have a hankerin' for gobs of seafood boiled straight up, like I did, this is a great place to go.  I ordered the range in prices: a pound of the crawfish ($8.99/lb.), and a pound of the king crab legs ($18.99/lb.), with a $1.99 order of spicy sausage (well worth it) in the mix.  I also ordered a cup of the jambalaya, and a side of cajun fries.  And of course, beer.  This is LOTS of food.  But 1-2lbs. of fish should be about right per person.The jambalaya is spicy and good, not mushy, and packed with sausage and chicken -- it really is excellent.   But the "cup" doesn't provide much, and wasn't filled all the way up.  Still, it IS filling. The cajun fries were pretty good -- with that nice crispy cajun fry, but lacking in the special cajun spice I love so much.  The fries also seemed to get cold pretty quickly, making them less enjoyable, but were a nice healthy serving for $1.99.  Eat them fast!The beer is beer, Heineken and Corona being the top shelf offerings.  These are great beers to compliment spicy food, but it would be nice if they had a few microbrew offerings, or Louisiana Abita, to help wash down that tear forming in your eye from the spice.There are a few levels of heat, from "lil crazy", to "crazy", to "xtra crazy".  I got the medium crazy, and against my gut feeling, went with the recommended house sauce, "the Big Easy", which is the original Rajun Cajun spice with added butter and lime.  It's just too much.  I wish I stayed with the original, but it was still good.  Lots of garlic.  But I didn't feel like the spice really permeated the seafood, like at the crawfish boils I experienced in New Orleans.  It was more like the sauce was layered on top of it.  But otherwise, the spice hits the mark in its flavor.The carnage after you're done makes you feel just a little nuts, as you wipe your sticky fingers on your bib, and try to wipe the rest of the guts off with the ream of paper towel conveniently left at your table.  It's like you just got out of a fight club match against a sea army of crustaceans, and won.  But then, we humans don't gravitate toward coastal locations for no reason.  We LOVE seafood (perhaps why the Japanese live so long?), so eating here takes you back to your Hominidae roots.  It's a unique experience, to feel this carnally human, and to leave so satisfied -- enjoy it, Tyler Durden style, but leave the anti-consumerism behind. You won't find that kind of nonsense here.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,5/25/2009,91,486,11,9,9>You clean up real good, Gainsbourg. I spent a good hour sitting in here last night before I realized that I'd been to the space before, years ago when it was Buster's Brown Bag. Let me just say, Gainsbourg gets the gold star for Most Improved (much like me my freshman year of softball).While daunting, the list of foreign beers was something I was willing to tackle bravely. And with the helpful server guiding the way, I ended up with some really good selections. They only had about 6 beers of tap, but have tons of bottled beer, which they serve with a glass and NOT out of a paper bag, like they do at Norm's. All the food looked really good; I tried the French version of Fish n' Chips, and those dang French did it better than us once again! I could have easily eaten twice the amount they brought, but it's good that the portions were small, since I'm watching my girlish figure and stuff. I'll definitely be back to sample more of their food--the plates were about $4-8, which is so reasonable! And the words 'cheese plate' have a magical effect on me. Don't even get me started about the cheesecake that they offer too!All the previous reviews were right--Greenwood is finally getting some class! This place feels like it would fit in right in the heart of Fremont or Ballard, maybe even (gasp!) Belltown! I mean, any place with a wall of red velvet is highbrow in my book.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2009,5/24/2009,219,1274,5,9,6>I don't buy wine anywhere else anymore.  I come and talk to Michael and buy what he tells me.He keeps a record of everything I've purchased and asks me what I thought of when I visit.  I think he has some kind of Ian-centric internal Yelp style list and curves his recommendations based on what I've liked in the past.Win!There are free tastings and coolness here on a weekly basis.  There is a pal arrangement with Asteroid next door so that you can drink your wine that your purchase here (with receipt evidence) with your meal without corkage fee (a $20 value)All of this, and every bottle of tasty vino in the place is under $25 and unavailable at the larger grocery stores.What's not to like?  These guys are cool!
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,5/23/2009,66,202,3,4,3>This little converted house on the top of Queen Anne is a cute spot to take a cute person for a cute meal.  Did I mention it's cute?  When they light the gas fireplace it puts it over the top to cozy and you want to snuggle up in front of the fire while you snack on your bread and roasted garlic.The meal portions just about guarantee you'll take some home for lunch tomorrow, as with most any family italian restaurant.  The appetizer sizes of gnocchi and ravioli, coupled with a small house salad and a half-liter of house chianti was perfect for the 2 of us.  And dee-lish.  Their bread is not the light fluffy french kind but dense and hearty.  You get plenty of sauce for dipping, which you will have difficulty stopping once you start.There were only 3 tables filled including ours, but the service was on-point, not pushy, not hovering.  I know that sometimes when it's slow in restaurants you either get a "babysitter" server who is just trying to stay busy by paying attention to you, or a server who is trying to stay busy doing other things like cleaning out the cooler and is MIA for long periods.  The service was like Goldilocks...just right.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,5/22/2009,53,105,9,8,6>Usually trying to get brunch at 11 am on a Sunday is like black friday at Walmart: make sure you don't get trampled by everyone else with the same idea. But what if everyone else was really really friendly? And there was free coffee? And delicious smells kept wafting out the door? That might even convince me to shop at Walmart and it surly will make me repeat visit The Dish. Showing up at 10:40 snagged me a table for 4 by 11am. To pass the time I sipped the free coffee and chatted with the others in line. Totally enjoyable, and a good start for a lazy Sunday.The servers were totally friendly and not in that harried 'holy crap I just can't deal anymore' mode that you sometimes see during the breakfast rush. The ambiance is warm and charming, especially the hodgepodge of mugs they serve coffee in (pink barbie mug FTMFW!) are adorable. Most of the menu focuses on eggs in omelette or scramble form. Both of my companions went this direction and enjoyed what they got. They both went with the scone as the 'toast option'. Calling it a scone is at best a bald faced lie (dude, it's cinnamon coffee-cake), but what a delicious lie it is. Me? I'm a biscuits and gravy man so B&G for me with scrambled eggs and potatoes. The gravy was excellent, not too heavy, and with a bit of tabasco really hit the spot. The biscuits were large but not dense and working my way through both was no problem. Interestingly the biscuits were slightly sweet. Any sweeter and they would have clashed with the gravy, but as it was I really enjoyed the sweet background note. Also remarkably good were the potatoes on the side. These were nicely cooked and especially well seasoned. There was a good amount of sweet, caramelized onion mixed in that greatly enhanced the dish.All in all excellent. I could see moving to Ballard just to be close by The Dish.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2006,10/27/2006,4,10,2,5,4>I love this restaurant so much I chose to celebrate my birthday here with a group of friends.  The funny thing is that whenever we come here it feels like we're trying to get into an elite night club!  This place is buzzing and for good reason.  The food is excellent!  But there's a catch: the wait can take 30 to over 60 minutes and they take no reservations :(  Some of my favorite dishes include the Albondiga soup (just like Mom makes), Tacos al Pastor  (to die for), Pozole (with a red broth), Entomatadas (a dish I personally make the most at home; this one comes with a bonus side of delicious carne asada not mentioned in the menu) and finally the Birria (meat is cooked perfectly).  Another thing I like about it is that you really get what you pay for in terms of proportion that's why it's relatively inexpensive and the reason we stock up on food.  By the time all our food arrives we're bound to have a real Mexican feast!
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,10/26/2006,27,81,7,7,5>Mouthbendingly good espresso made possible by a mad scientist and his happy band of highly trained perfect crema making artists.I am so happy I will be in Seattle soon so that I may vibrate with Vivace Joy!!!! er.... caffeine.Try the Nico. Amazing flavor storm.Even if you usually like it sugared and whatnot, just one time test out their Macchiato to really get the entire taste and mouthfeel.  I swear it won't be bitter, you'll be amazed.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2006,10/25/2006,35,38,1,4,2>We love this place so much that Zoe and I are all packed up and ready to move in! Ok, so the initial reason for choosing this vet was location - of course - they are a quick 5 minute walk from my home. But I was equally surprised to find that they love animals, all animals, including pit bulls (the receptionist fosters pits!) Now our last vet who we went to once had an obvious distaste for them - even friendly ones like our sweet Zoe. He went so far as to state on our first and last visit that her sweet demeanour would change when she grew up. I guess the fact that he shared his opinion is a good thing as we now have a vet that we all adore! The staff are professional and totally overwhelm Zoe with affectionate which is why she loves going back - even if it means getting her nails clipped. Yes, she decided that we couldn't clip her nails anymore and after a major tantrum we took her down to Greenlake vet and waited for the staff to refuse to clip them as we anticipated her being oh so naughty. But it didn't happen. Not even 10 minutes had passed and she came bouncing out of the room with her tail wagging and her nails clipped. This place definitely deserves more than 5 stars for accomplishing this feat alone - so Yelp may give them 5 but in my heart I know they are a 10!
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2006,10/24/2006,41,75,6,4,6>These people that write bad reviews of Dick's make me laugh.  HEHEHEHEHE.   See?   Come on, people!  What do you expect when you are paying $1-2 for a burger?!! You can't customize a cheap burger.  Its cheap because its like Ikea, all pre-made and wrapped up and kind of bad and irritating but kind of tasty, too.  Dick's is pretty good even for not-drunk food.  The patties are crispy like they have actually been charbroiled and they have just the right amount of condiments.  I go for the cheeseburger and stay for the awesome crunchy ice.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2006,10/23/2006,57,179,4,4,2>I never mean to end up at Lola and once I'm here I never really all that impressed by it, but it was one of the first bars I ever tried in Seattle (while staying at the amazing Hotel Andra) and it is where I take guests in town when we're near 4th and Virginia and just can't come up with something else. The nearby Kell's has atmosphere, but Diablo is simple and approachable. Lola, should you have breakfast there, is pretty yummy. It's the stuff that should be on anyone's expense report. Best bartender quote ever:Bartender: Music? What kind of music do you like?Me: Blues. I really love blues.Bartender: Oh. Well, you won't find a lot of blues here. Seattle is more of a suicide town.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2006,10/22/2006,39,16,4,9,6>Dream this.  Warm, genuine greeting from a third generation chocolatier. Immaculately clean, inviting atmosphereFree samples every time you venture in.  Delectable chocolates to suit your every mood.  Exquisite, hand-made jewels of perfection.Hot, creamy chocolate drink not found anywhere else outside Italy.  Gift boxes graciously wrapped.  NOT a dream!  Oh Chocolate is ALIVE!  Go visit Margot, the owner, and you will not be sorry.  Try the hot, chocolate drink, and prepare yourself for the most orgasmic chocolate experience ever.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2006,10/21/2006,98,242,3,6,6>Good portions, fast service, and tasty fried food.  Has all the makings of a post-lunch coma.  All of which, make CJ's the perfect under an hour lunch place in belltown as they get you in - get you fed - and get you back to work quickly.Note for those - like myself - who don't wake up early EVER they do serve breakfast all day which is a definite plus in case you don't feel like your third mushroom burger this week.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2006,10/20/2006,21,10,4,8,4>It is difficult to write a review for Charlie's that captures why it is so popular.  I admit I've been going there for a few years now.  Like any long relationship, many of the obvious flaws have converted to "charms".  When I say the food is a bit too greasy and fatty, I don't know if that is a flaw or a cute and comforting piece of character.  I just know I'll keep going back.  I know that every time I tell myself I've ordered my last blue cheese bacon burger (Hold mayo...I never got that), I end up with another in my hand weeks later.  I know that the pepper-pot stew - almost a meal unto itself - is on that menu every day for a reason .  A previous reviewer justly mentions the Monte Cristo as a highlight.  It truly is a worthy experience.  I also know I can only eat so much of their food before I swear to convert to South Beach for the rest of my life.  Their lack of healthier options and lighter fare is a downside to be sure, with huge salads and the "Lo Carb Corner" (grilled dead something with a veggie side) your only choice.Fortunately, the bar in the back is there with plenty of drinks to soak up the greasy food.  I'm a cocktail man, and am not disappointed b their selection, quality, or price.  Happy hour (4-6pm, 10:30 - 1am every day) is generous with specials.  The staff is quick to warm up to you, treating regulars and newcomers with familiarity.  The Jukebox has a nice selection, too, whether you want Pixies or Michael Jackson or both...which I often do.  The bar is what elevates this to a four star review from a three and a half star review - that and the rating system only allows whole numbers.I recommend going with friends for a drink or four.  Late at night works especially well.  Just be careful - the more you drink, the more the cheap happy hour cheeseburger looks like a good idea.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2006,10/19/2006,43,33,7,10,6>This last Saturday I had to dispose of big, red refrigerator for one of the theater companies  that I'm involved with (turns out that water and electrical appliances don't mix).  So I borrowed a big truck from work and went to the dump.Upon arriving there, we saw a sign detailing what they will and will not take.  Some of the No's include: Asbestos, Ashes or other Dusty materials - sawdust, etc (unless completely cooled and double-bagged, boxed or wetted),Computer Monitors, Contaminated Soil,  Explosives, Ammunition, Weapons, and my personal favorite, Dead Animals Over 15 pounds.  So if you're looking for Benji's final resting place, make sure he was a small pet.(For a complete list of what is and isn't accepted, check out their web site)For the items they do accept they charge by the ton.  For large appliances it's a flat rate of $16.50 and the doors must be removed.  We did not know this.  As we pulled on to the scale (they weigh your vehicle on the way in and again on the way out) the man in the booth told use that we could drop off the fridge next to the others, remove the doors there and dump  them inside.After about 45 minutes of swearing, the doors finally came off.  We then dumped the fridge, threw the doors in the back and pulled around the back of the main building.  There was a line of about fifteen cars, but it kept moving and we were at the front of the line in less then ten minutes.  At the front of the line, just outside the entrance, a sign instructed us to wait for an attendant and to TURN OFF ALL CELL PHONES!  The SARS-masked attendant was brisk but friendly and directed us to slot #7.  Along the left side were six or seven dumpsters, each for a different type of recyclable.  I pulled the truck in and backed up to the chain gate in my assigned slot.  On the other side of the gate was a narrow and deep pit where I was to dump the doors.  Off to my right, there was a man who's sole purpose was to spray a fire hose into the pit and I noticed a misted substance that was being dispensed from the tall ceiling.  It didn't knock me unconscious and it seemed to dissipate pretty high up, so I assumed that it served a similar purpose to the fire hose.  I unloaded the doors and took particular joy in throwing them in to the pit WWE style complete with a mighty "YARRRR!!".  Let's face it, nobody wants to spend a Saturday going to the dump, but this was about as good of an experience as one can expect.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2006,10/18/2006,36,106,4,7,4>Like the bastard love child of the Moulin Rouge and a Golden Gardens kegger, Cafe Met is a hipster's wet dream. The lowly lit lounge features Parisian cat house decor, a mix of plush, red couches, wooden benches and a few standard bar tables. The cuisine is mismatched and includes over priced hummus and cheese platters at close to $10 a pop and reasonably priced hot dogs for $2.50. The bar features daily drink specials cleverly named after the days of the week. "Tequila Tuesday" How do they come up with it!? However, all of the swanky decor and culinary randomness is eclipsed by the happy hour draw of $0.25 cans and $3 pitchers of PBR every day from 5-7.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,8/29/2008,42,212,5,7,6>I've been to going to Paseo in Fremont for about 5 years now, so I was pretty excited about this new location. So excited that we got there at about 11:15 to beat the rush! I was right about that, but my plan backfired a tiny bit - for some reason they didn't have any ham or swiss at this location when I ordered two Midnight Cuban Press sandwiches. However, someone was coming from Fremont with those key ingredients, so we waited  : )And while we waited, my suspicion that there would be a lunch rush was confirmed. At one point, there must have been about 15 people either in line or eating or waiting for their orders.After a bit, I was told that the ham and swiss still hadn't shown up, so I asked if they could make up the rest of my order and we'd eat and see if the Midnight Cubans could be made by the time we were ready to go.That was definitely the right decision - when my number was called, everything had shown up and I got everything I ordered.We sat at picnic tables in the sun and ate. The scallop sandwich was something new for me to try and it was good, although I will admit that the delicate flavor of scallops are a bit lost in the explosion of flavor that is the rest of the sandwich. The prawns in rojo on rice were also good, but my son and I both agree that sandwiches are the way to go here.The Midnight Cuban was well worth the wait! The Cuban (a pork sandwich) is still untested in the fridge, but since the Midnight Cuban was every bit as delicious in Ballard as it is in Fremont, I'm sure the Cuban will be the same.Despite the rocky start for a few minutes there, Paseo's new location is a winner. Two thumbs up to the guys working this morning for their professionalism in handling the situation and for keeping things moving anyway.Oh, and for the record, this is location is essentially a tiny shack - there are only two picnic tables, and a few parking spaces in the lot. Cash only!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,8/28/2008,29,17,6,13,12>Living in a metropolitan center on the Pacific rim doesn't suck. One reason it doesn't suck is that we have so many great Japanese restaurants stocked with marvelous ingredients and fantastic talent. We have affordable workaday neighborhood spots like Musashi's and I Love Sushi. We have bastions of quality and tradition like Shiro's and Saito and we even have the polished, up-market brilliance of Nishino. One thing we didn't even know we were missing is Kappo.Kappo is a gorgeous, swank, private(ish) annex just upstairs from Chiso in Fremont. A friend and I had the pleasure of dining there last week on their "official" opening night and I'm telling you the experience ROCKED from start to finish. First, entering the nearly hidden space makes you feel like a super-savvy insider. Once inside, you're greeted by a series of beautifully spare hallways and chambers that add to the feeling of mystery and more than a little exclusivity. Behind a curtain is the compact kitchen and bar which is where we and 6 others spent our evening of gastronomic delight. This room feels much more like a home than a restaurant and that impression is reinforced by the casual friendliness of proprietor/host/chef Taichi Kitamura.Dining at Kappo is omakase only which means that, rather than ordering from a menu, you simply put yourself in Taichi's very capable hands. The service, coursing and pacing were casual and effortless. The ingredients had been sourced and selected with the passion and attention of an orchid hunter and the preparations were beautifully simple, amplifying but never competing with the magic of the ingredients. The Monkfish and white chantrelles in clear broth was heavenly. The fresh razor clams were like butter. The seared Kobe beef (yes, from Kobe) was transcendental. The various fishes and bivalves served as sashimi and nigiri immediately trumped any that I had ever eaten and for dessert, Taichi produced a marvel of fresh ripe mellon sorbet, fresh figs and vanilla custard.Part of me was reluctant to write about Kappo because I don't want it to be "discovered" but, of course, that's inevitable and I trust Taichi to manage the reservation book and sustain the intimate magic he has created.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,8/27/2008,112,172,13,11,10>I just had the most amaaaaaazing baked salmon sandwich from Three Girls Bakery.  I don't even like salmon.  It was that good.Yes, the service was a bit slow, but when I got to the front and asked the counter guy which bread and condiments would be best with baked salmon (again, not being a salmon lover) he described, without hesitation, how he likes it...and I'll be damned if he didn't sound sexy doing it: "I like it with a thin layer of cream cheese, just a *touch* of dijon, on a light garlic rosemary bread...."  Mmm, keep talking, baby.Until I've tried their pastries I can't say much more, but until then I'll be dreaming of my new lover: Three Girls Bakery Salmon Man.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,8/26/2008,252,531,15,14,14>Heftie Heftie Tortie. Happie Happie tummie!After much, okay not much, but some mention of tortas with a fellow yelper, I wanted a TORTA!!! A torta that reminded me of hanging out in the dark streets of Mexico City with friends after a show, enjoying my torta with them and a local transient.Barriga Llena claims the title of the first and only D.F Torteria, but I wouldn't say that's the case. The torta was good, but not a D.F torta.It's not always easy to replicate a food from the motherland, but they do a damn well job.The salsa tasted homemade, and I'm sure the meat tortas were good as well.I'm a veggie, so it was all the veggies, extra avocados and queso Oaxaca for me. The owner charged me 4 bucks, and that's a hell of a deal considering how expensive avocados are.This little shop is decorated with colorful picturesque murals and 7 painted tables, so brightly colored they will clear up Seattle on its gloomiest day. Maybe too overdone, but it does the trick--you'll never forget this place."Una Barriga Llena...no tiene precio." Having a full belly--priceless.  Barriga Llena now takes Visa!I didn't make it up, it was on the menu, along with a map of what seemed to be Mexico City, but all the stops were food items. Creative? No. Tacky? A bit. Don't matter if you can't read spanish, all those roads lead to a Barriga Llena. The owner will explain it.For 4 pesos a torta, and only a mile from mi casa, I'll be back pronto!  I hate it when people substitute english words for spanish ones to cover-up for lack of creativity, and I just pinche did that!  Mierda!
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,8/25/2008,164,329,12,19,13>*moans**groans*my tummy... so full!! : )tried the country benny... YUM!! menu overall is exactly what i was looking for in a breakfast menu but better!the wait wasn't bad considering a full restaurant. the gentleman serving me was all over the place working his butt off!! kudos to him and i made sure to leave a nice tip : )convenientgreat foodaffordablecomfortablemade me want to eat my whole plate (but i couldn't... too much food!!!)it's for sure worth a try : )
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,8/24/2008,6,12,16,13,12>OMG!  Don't even get me started on this place.  I'm not generally a spa kind of gal, well I am now!  I had heard of Russian bath houses before, so I assumed it was a place for the "fellas" to spend quality time in a hot tubs, before wandering off the locker room for a bit of a rub and tug.Was I wrong, and my apologies to the owners of this fine establishment.My friend and I went in for a special that we had seen posted in the Stranger.  For a mere 87.00 we experienced the eucalyptus steamroom(divine), The roastin' hot sauna, so hot you may hallucinate, the cold plunge pool,(freakin freezing, yet stimulating and refreshing).  Next into the warm salt water pool, nice and floaty. Finally, the hot tub, deliciously relaxing. (though it is chlorinated, ick).After the pools we go in for a amazing 30 minute massage, where he actually worked on my problem shoulders and hands, yum. Next, we had the salt body scrub.  This was absolute heaven. I'm lying naked on a towel draped massage table, with my friend in the adjoining, curtained off area.  Soon I am having buckets of warm water poured over my entire body, then I'm being scrubbed neck to toes with a salty, honeylike mixture.  Then more water pouring over my like a waterfall.  Flipped over and the whole process is repeated, I'm naked but who cares this is amazingly relaxing.  After all this she washed  and conditions my hair, more of those fabulous buckets of water!  I wanted to cry when it was over, I don't want to go home!I will definitely visit this place again and again.  The staff is wonderful and very friendly.  It is coed, so bring your suit.  No funny business, Banya 5 is an experience you won't soon forget!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2008,8/23/2008,189,149,15,18,15>I am an idiot.I have lived 8 blocks from this place for over 4 years and last night was my first time there. And it was good! The beer selection looked really good, but we ended up w/ a pitcher of Mannys, which is like my new favorite beer, so I was happy. For food, I decided on the Chicken Sandwich because, like the Reuben, the menu said it was voted Best in Seattle. The sandwich itself is not something I thought I would have particularly liked. Joined w/ the chicken was cream cheese, melted provolone,  tomatoes, and red onions on dill rye bread. I've never liked rye bread, but I said "what the hell" and have been glad ever since! It was everything it said it would be and I ate every bite. My side of Tabouleh left little to be desired. To be honest, it wasn't the tabouleh's fault, I haven't found one I liked yet, but this particular couscous contraption had a bunch of parsley and olive oil in it and it made it unusually rich in taste. I could hardly eat it. :o/When I tasted my companion's Reuben, I was blown away as well. Not necessarily because it was amazing as a Reuben, but because I had never tried a Reuben before and I thought it was really good! The purple cabbage/rotkohl on it made a nice touch.Now that I've been here its going to be really hard not to go back, so I'm not going to fight it. Who's up for a pint?
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,8/22/2008,131,175,12,14,15>I am so in love with Theo that I think I might become a polygamist. I would LOVE a chocolate factory as a second husband. Especially one that is organic, fair trade, and makes me want to jump into one of their holding tanks like Augustus Gloop! I have been a fan of Theo's for a year now, ever since I bought a Bread and Chocolate bar on a whim on our last vacation. Then my huzz got me an assortment of delicious confections for Valentines day, which were promptly devoured. Today we went on a tour of the factory. I want to work here.Our tour hostess was the perfect embodiment of the joyous qualities of chocolate. She was knowledgeable, engaging, and enthusiastic. We enjoyed a TON of samples, and despite the shitty a-hole yuppies and their unruly progeny that joined us on the tour, we really enjoyed learning about the chocolate process.I ended up bringing home some cacao nibs, which were the star in this evening's salad, the nib brittle, and an assortment of six confections- the lemon, scotch, lavender jalapeno caramel, rose caramel, burnt sugar caramel, and peanut butter. I'd be hard pressed to pick a favorite from the bunch.This is the place that all of our out of town visitors will be accompanying us to. A great asset to the Seattle community for sure!
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,8/20/2008,8,24,10,13,13>THANK GOD FOR MASSAGE!I've been sleeping on my mom's couch for the last week, while she recovers from surgery. I'm stuck on the eastside with no hope for escape....until last night!One of my closest GFs pulled me off of Mom's couch and took me to Massage Envy in Woodinville (not a fan of this suburban town)I had a therapist named Treena, she literally cast a spell upon my tired and aching body. She turned me into a grateful pile of mush. She knew exactly where my soreness was, she even put a warm towel over my head and then when i turned over she gently reached to the light switch and dimmed the lights (as to not disturb my stupor!) I have never felt better. AND THEN she finished the massage with the most amazing scalp massage. I walked out of there a 'member', which gives me exclusive rights to all massages at 39/hr!!!!!!! can you believe this? There's even a spa on capitol hill (thank god) All in all, i spent exactly $59 last night for a massage and a 20$ tip INCLUDED!!best massage i have ever had thanks Steph, for dragging me in!!
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,8/19/2008,113,84,7,7,9>I ended up going here on a date, and we weren't even planning to go here originally. It was a Friday night and we had no reservations. The place was packed but we didn't have to wait more than ten minutes before they had a table ready.The atmosphere was pleasant, there was not loud obnoxious music blaring (just something soft to fill up any awkward silences). It's a great place to talk and get to know someone better!As for the sushi, it was wonderful! I'm no expert on sushi, but everything was neat and fresh and made my tummy happy. I think I ordered the 8 piece entre, which gave me a wide range to taste. The octopus sushi was very tender and quite tasty!All in all, I was very pleased with the food, service, atmosphere and would definitely like to go back in the near future!
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,4/19/2008,5000,240,160,74,98>These guys totally make the best fortune cookies and noodles!  Hell, they have been doing it since 1917 and still going strong!  My earliest recollection about their fortune cookies was when my father brought home this gigantic, clear bag full of unfortunate fortune cookies (flats).  My sister and I were beside ourselves and totally gorged on them; and later getting in trouble with mom because we weren't hungry for dinner!  They still sell those 5lb bags of unfortunate fortune cookies for $6.30.  They also offer different flavors of fortune cookies.  Flavors like:  strawberry, lemon, cherry, mint, mocha,  cinnamon, apple, blueberry, chocolate and pina colada.  These flavored fortune cookies run $1.15 for a 4oz package (16 cookies).  If you have some special occasion to celebrate, you can also have them do custom flavors and fortunes for you!I do stop by every once in a while and pick up their fresh noodles. They have 19 different varieties to choose from, though they don't have all of them stocked in the refrigerator case.  If there is something you are looking for that isn't there just ask!  Fortunes in fortune cookies have changed over the years.  These aren't from Tsue Chong, but when I was growing up fortunes weren't so politically correct:Boy, wouldn't it suck to get this one:   _______________________________________________   I                                                                                                            I   I                DEATH AND PAIN SURROUNDS YOU                       I    I______________________________________________ I   _______________________________________________   I                                                                                                            I   I            YOU WILL MARRY IN THE NEXT SIX MONTHS             I   I______________________________________________ IWhat?  I was 9 years old!Fortunes evolved and got a little silly:Front of fortune:   _______________________________________________   I                                                AVOID                                                 I   I                      TAKING UNNECESSARY GAMBLES                     I   I______________________________________________ I   Back of fortune:   _______________________________________________   I                             YOUR LUCKY NUMBERS                                I   I                                    4  8  15  16  23  42                                      I   I______________________________________________IWhat I would like to see:   _______________________________________________   I                                                                                                            I   I                    OH CRAP!  YOU'VE GOT THE CLAP!                      I   I______________________________________________ I   _______________________________________________   I                                                                                                            I   I                           YOU ARE REALLY STUPID                                I   I______________________________________________ I                            Today marks my one-year anniversary of my first post on Yelp!  Whoo-hoo!  What a year it has been!For that first review:yelp.com/biz/arcane-comi…* I'm sorry that I had to use a previous design.  Boo.  I'm a man of limited creativity!  Lazy too!  :D
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,4/18/2008,400,699,11,12,11>The new found love for my hair is intense. I rub on it, whisper sweet nothings to it, caress, massage, and brush it daily, dare I say...lust for it. The cut is good to me. Making me giddy when I can walk out with it wet, oh yes my darlings dripping WET like you were on your prom night, and it dries into a curly bed headed lump of sexy. This cut makes me feel sleek when I straighten it and channel Victoria Beckam's Chi of style, without the silicone, tanorexia, pinching clothes or a very very VERY sexy ripped golden god of a soccer husband.Gy, in all of his tattooed, straight glory, dealt with my neurotic very detailed description of my hair, and its bad naughty habits, and gave me a great cut. This salon is stylish, not overdone and not pretentious with egotistical ass hats running around making you feel like shit for wasting their time. Joseph is a doll, and makes you feel welcome
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/17/2008,1785,805,51,25,34>Ever been ecstatic to get on a plane for a 10 1/2 hour flight? Anyone? Well, I have.. and let me tell you why:Saturday: 3/22-4:30- Car picks Katie up in Snowy Harrogate, UK5am- Car drops Katie off at Snowier Leeds Bradford Int'l Airport5:05am- Katie is informed that her travel agent never confirmed the final leg of the trip, and although her name IS in the system, she cannot take the 6:05am flight and will have to purchase a new ticket for the 10:20am flight to Amsterdam.. and that her Amsterdam/ Seattle flight is now a Amsterdam/ Minneapolis/ Seattle flight. Katie is a bit distraught.5:20am- Katie pays $350 GBP ($700 USD) for a 2 hour flight to Amsterdam.7:30am- Katie's 10:20am flight has been canceled. Katie want to punch someone.7:30am- Katie trucks it down to the ticketing window and gets the news that she will be shuttled to Manchester- 1 1/2 hours away- and will take the Amsterdam flight from there.8:30am- Taxi takes Katie to Manchester10am- Ticketing agent at Manchester is very confused at the copious amounts of paperwork Katie hands to her, but manages to put her back on the Amsterdam/ Seattle flight! Katie is overwhelmed with joy.. at first.11:25am- As Katie waits for the plane, she realizes that her connecting flight in Amsterdam will leave 20 minutes before she touches down, discusses this with KLM at the gate, and 'So sorry.. you will need to work this out in Amsterdam- you will not make that flight'. Katie get angry.12:30pm- Katie enjoys 1 hour of business class. Katie fine.1pm- Katie gets to Schiperol and notices that the lines are 100 people (I'm not kidding) long. Katie hopes to get help before other people, but alas, she is not successful and waits. Katie sad.2:30pm- Katie realizes there is no way she can make the Amsterdam/ Minneapolis/ Seattle flight b/c she has the incorrect boarding pass for the Amsterdam/ Seattle flight that left much earlier.2:45pm- Katie finally gets to the front of the line and the agent asks why I'm not on the Minneapolis flight? Oh, no boarding pass.. right. 'I will put you in a hotel and you will be on the Amsterdam/ Seattle flight at 1:05pm'. Fine. Whatever. Katie can deal with this.4pm- Katie gets to Amsterdam hotel and collapses. Goes out for dinner and has this conversation with a drunk Englishman, upon re entry of the hotel:Singing 'Oh what a wonderful feeeeeeeling..' stumbling with me into the revolving door.. he is ABSOLUTELY blasted..Him: 'Hey thea Lovey. You Brit-ish?'Me: No, AmericanHim: Ooooh.. From La, are yeah- grabs Ktown by the waist.Me: No, Seattle. Being nice.. he's trashed.Him: OOooh.. I like yeah.. yer cute. Slaps KTown on the boot, and heads to the front desk to make someone else's day. Katie laughs and goes to bed. Sunday, 3/239am- back at airport- Katie is there very early b/c Katie is not messing this up again.12:30pm- SNOW. 1:05am- Plane departs. Katie is overcome with emotion.. Okay.. so not really. Sort of.3:30pm- Katie's plane touches down in Seattle and she has never been happier to see shit Seattle weather.3:45pm- Katie races through Customs, jokes with the agents as they ask if she's happy to be home and say she looks like she might need a hug. She tells them she's thinking about it. Katie's luggage is there.After almost 48 hours of straight airport/ plane/ car travel, I've never been happier to be home.Katie loves Sea Tac.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2008,4/16/2008,71,114,15,10,11>MOXIE-noun Slang.1. vigor; verve; pep.2. courage and aggressiveness; nerve.3. skill; know-how.I had a debate with my friends at bar of said restaurant over the exact definition of this word. I decided to settle it once and for all, here on Yelp, for all the world to see. (Unfortunately, "all the world" doesn't include my friends who were discussing this with me last night, since they don't use this site, but let's just go with it.)Does the food at Moxie have.... (wait for it...)... MOXIE?!?!??!?!Rating system: M = Moxie!NM = No moxie.SM = Sort of moxie...Rating of the bar bites:Duck confit flautas: MBeef empanadas: SMRisotto cheese ball things: NMCheese plate: MLobster bisque: MBottle o' Grenache: MRating of my entree:Venison ragout: MMMMMMMMM!It was all chunky and gravy-y, served over ravioli full of butternut squash and sweet onion. Given my love for game meats, anything savory involving squash, and ragout in general... moxie times a million! Too bad it was the nightly special, so I don't know if I will ever get to taste it again... but the memory will live forever.Also, the staff has moxie, the location has moxie, and the ambiance has moxie.This is the most moxified thing I've ever written.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2008,4/15/2008,151,143,9,13,16>I had a couple of maps that I'd been meaning to have framed so they would no longer be crushed by boxes, ski boots, etc. in the hall closet.  I had stopped at a couple other places prior but was never fully satisfied with the options and/or pricing.  Then a few weeks ago I stopped in here to see what they could offer.  I have to say that I was very pleased with both the service and the value.  I was shown several (ok, numerous) options and never felt hurried or pushed.  When I noticeably balk at the price for one particularly pricey option (that looked GREAT), I was quickly offered a comparable-looking frame at a much lower price, although it was materially inferior.  The work was promised in 2 weeks but was ready in nine days.  In all a great experience.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,4/14/2008,61,83,10,10,12>I like the Mecca because as soon as you walk in, what you see is what you get, and sometimes that's exactly what I want.  It certainly is rough around the edges and for as many drunken patrons that I have encountered here, I have never had a bad time.  If you are a person with delicate sensibilities, this place is not for you.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2008,4/13/2008,502,444,36,23,24>I spent the better part of my adulthood living on Capitol Hill. The ability to tuck and roll home from the Comet Tavern was a key factor in my choice of dwelling space. Eventually I got it in my head that I might like to live somewhere that didn't include the echoes of lover's quarrels about who sucked who off in the bathroom at the Cuff that night or who shot who's dope. So I moved down to Eastlake. Killer pad right by the bridge with a view of Portage Bay and still close enough to the hill that I could avoid a DUI if I just took the backstreets home.And then the unthinkable: 86'd from the Comet after seeing Bridget Jones, becoming incredibly depressed by it and purchasing a 150 proof bottle of Vodka which I drank all by my lonesome with a Kool-Aid mixer. Somewhere around midnight I decided I needed to get laid and made my way up to the Comet via backstreets (sans license as I had already secured a DUI - see yelp.com/biz/ride-the-du… for more on that). I was apparently very rude to a bartender that I had already known carnally and upon my next visit was asked to leave and not return. Hmph.Shortly thereafter, I found myself  in church basements (AKA AA) where I met this guy who I immediately shacked up with. The place on Eastlake was too small for us and his kids who visited every other weekend so we got ourselves a place in Fremont. Don't ask me why - for some reason I felt that was a very "grown up" thing to do. Within a few months it became painfully obvious that moving the "Center of the Universe" was a bad call. We missed Vivace (the new Comet), we had to drive all the fuck way to the hill to see anyone, and the neighborhood was populated with a dirth of Trustafarians and just straight FRAT blood. Lawd how I missed the drag queens and junkies. One night around 1 am I actually walked across the street and into our neighbor's living room via the open front door to personally turn down the stereo that was so loud it felt like it was in my bedroom cranked to the limit. I proceeded to give the obviously high "kids" a speech about how decent people have to get up in the morning that sent chills down my spine. When did I get old???Right. So Fremont Coffee. The place that made our time there bearable. They serve VIVACE!!!!  PRAISE THE BABY JESUS. We were able to sit out on the wrap around porch of the old house and read the paper, smoke and enjoy some quiet. Not one of the baristas there openly flirted the guy - which had been an issue at Ladro across the street. As soon as our lease was up we moved to the CD where we enjoyed the occasional sound of gun shots, and our ability to walk to Broadway. But during that dark time that we were surrounded by hippies and over-privileged white kids - Fremont Coffee saved us.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2008,4/12/2008,43,100,27,8,12>Obesity may cause:-osteoarthritis-obstructive sleep apnea-diabetes-cancer-cardiovascular disease-non-alcoholic fatty liver disease-thrombosis-metabolic syndrome-congestive heart failure-enlarged heart -arrhythmia-dizziness-varicose veins-pulmonary embolism-polycystic ovarian syndrome-menstrual disorders-infertility-gastroesphageal reflux disease-cholelithiasis-hernia-urinary incontinence-chronic renal failure-hypogonadism-stretch marks-acanthosis nigricans-lymphedema-cellulitis-carbuncles-intertrigo-gout-low back pain-stroke-meralgia paresthetica-headache-carpal tunnel syndrome-hypertension-asthma-erectile dysfunctionStill.... they are really good doughnuts. Donuts? Doughnuts.Nice new (opened today!) location near Cafe Fiore and Via Tribunali, so now all the necessities of life can be found in one square block. It's a cool space with the original wood floors, tall bookshelves full of dusty tomes, and perky people ready to serve. When my now wife and I first moved in together, I woke up one beautiful Saturday morning, rolled over to kiss her good morning, and was greeted with "Get me a doughnut... bitch." I should have seen the signs, but alas, I find myself heading into this weekend, now married, and with delicious fried dough just 3 blocks away..... I'm already having flashbacks.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,4/11/2008,53,57,11,9,12>So you say you want a Manhattan, a Movie, and some delicious white cheddar popcorn...Do you happen to live Downtown? Because it could be closer than you think...or at least closer than I thought for 6 months...Thanks to Yelp I feel like an insider in the movie bizness...Supercool lobby, cocktails, wine, or beer....and a 1st run movie....plus some of the most attentive staff ever. I never waited more than 2 minutes for anything...Movie Ticket, Beverage, Popcorn, and questions.I was waiting to get hammered with 30 minutes of Commercials and Previews, but other than a minute or two about the Big Picture...The Feature Presentation...In an age of constant advertising, I was speechless.I would say for the size of the theatre (maybe 60+ seats) that the screen and sound were more than adequate...and plus when you can request that drinks be brought to your seat at a time of your choosing....then well its magical. Now all they need to do is figure out how to pause the movie so when I have to go to the bathroom after my flurry of Manhattans, I dont miss Jason Bourne kickin the Eurotrash out of someone.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,4/10/2008,79,135,9,10,8>Is it possible that two awesome restaurants can be next to each other?  Yes, Green Leaf is located next to the Sichuan Noodle House.  What are the possibilities?!  Yes, I found out that it is very possible and I am extremely lucky.  Green Leaf is the best Vietnamese restaurant I have been to in Seattle.  I know...  That's a big statement but you will have to live with it. Tamarind Tree was my best before I had been to Green Leaf but having been to both places more than once, the debate can finally end here.  I have had the Fried Duck Noodle Soup, Grill Short Ribs, Salad Rolls, Flour Cakes and Shrimp and Crab Udon Noodles.  I know...I am a pig.   But it's so good...  I should have had more...- Duck Noodles Soup was simple yet had a lot of depth.  It was one of those therapeutic dishes.  I felt rejuvenated and refreshed after finishing the soup.  AND it had a half a duck in there.  - Flour Cakes with fried egg and green onions.  They sprinkled crack on this one.  I could've eaten like three dishes of this.  Little fried cubes of flour cakes cooked with fried eggs and green onions.  Crispy and chewy goodness.  - Shrimp and Crab Noodle Soup.  fo' git about it...  It had the consistency of hot sour soup.  Delicate and flavorful seafood crab broth with Udon noodles.  Even had real crab and shrimp in the soup!  This is going to be one of those restaurants I crave every month.  I have too many of these now.  Thanks to Yelp.  Yelp, WHY MUST YOU FIND ME SO MANY GOOD PLACES?!?  MY WALLET IS EMPTY!   :)
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,7/21/2011,468,742,,13,9>Let me tell you, RN74 is a much needed restaurant in downtown! I love the vibe of this place, its chill and looks sophisticated without the pretentiousness. I came here with Daren D. for lunch since this place recently opened. I must confess, when I saw the menu two things came to mind: * Damn its kinda pricey! ($8-$30 range) * Seriously, that's all the food they offer? So one page is dedicated to all the food offerings while the next 3-4 some odd pages were dedicated to drinks. Unfortunately I did not get a chance to try those out since I had to go to work after but the drinks sound promising. My dining partner and I decided to split the trio of frites ($8) and the tomato soup fondue ($8). The trio of frites came with 3 different frites (one of the was seasoned with rosemary infused salt...I don't remember the other two). It was accompanied with 3 sauces: chili infused ketchup (i believe), honey mustard and a rosemary sauce. I thought they were pretty good but it was annoying to get the frites out of the "metal shot glass" since some of the frites would spill out when I pulled one out. The tomato soup fondue was good as well...I wish I knew what cheese they used for the grilled cheese bites. Both of these dishes are great to share between two people. For my entree, I ordered the duck confit salad ($14). I enjoyed this salad because I LOVE duck and poached eggs! It was delicious and I was glad the duck was not dry. I do have to warn you, if you want something filling this will not fill you up. Fortunately I had the frites and fondue prior to this salad so that was not a problem. All this came out to under $30 (including tip). After eating my meal, I thought the price was fair as opposed to my initial reaction. They also have a happy hour menu called 5 for $5. It seems a little limited but I hope to give it a try sometime. I have to agree with Daren about the service. I loved the attention that our server (plus five others) gave us. It did get annoying at times when they came while we were in the middle of our conversation. Then again, this place just opened so we'll see if this will last long.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,7/20/2011,273,665,13,12,13>Every morning when I sign into Yelp I am greeted with a cheesesteak. Not that Yelp gives me a free cheesesteak, but that there is a picture of Calozzi's cheesesteak. It looks like the most amazing thing ever created. Mind you, I have never been to Philly, and the closest thing I have ever had to a Philly Cheesesteak is a hot pocket. But I knew that I wanted Calozzi's since the first moment I saw the delicious pic of it under the "Hot on Yelp" section. I watch enough Food Network to know all about the Cheesesteak and the whole Pat's vs. Geno  turf war. When I finally make it to Philly, I already know that I am going to be a Pat's Girl. Geno's has all sorts of fancy lights to draw people to his location. While Pat does it with his steak, which he chops up super small, which I know is how I like my cheesesteak, even before I had it. Also, I hate vegetables. Whenever I order a burger or a sandwich anywhere, I always have to tell them no tomatoes, or no pickles. But with the cheesesteak, there are no pesky veggies to remove. The only thing they put on it is grilled onions, which are delicious and I love, plus, its super easy to get no onions you just have to order it "witout"When I finally made it to Calozzi's, I ordered my sandwich WHIZ, WIT. Which for all you not in the know means with cheese whiz and onions. I love cheese in any form, and the Whiz seems to be the way to go with the Philly Cheesesteak, so I wanted it to be as authentic as possible. Plus, you need some grilled onions to give it a little extra flavor. This sandwich did not disappoint. It was full of delicious meat, covered in cheese whiz, with small grilled onions throughout. The bread? OMG! It was crunchy on the outside, and soft on the inside. For $8 this sandwich is a steal, it was full of toppings, and delicious. I was stuffed! I could barely make the walk to Qwest Field afterward. Calozzi's is super cool too cuz its a small family business, and everyone is amazingly nice! When I went, they were giving away free pizza. I didn't try any, but it looked amazing, especially the white cheese pizza. I wanted a piece so bad, but I came for a cheesesteak, and I wasn't leaving without it. I figured I would maybe grab a slice after my sandwich, but there was no room. But who just gives away free pizza? That is awesome! This may be my new favorite food stop before Sounder's games.The only thing I will change though is ordering it Wit provolone instead of Whiz. I tried the Whiz, but I didn't love it. I already know I love provolone, and my boyfriend loved his sandwich wit provolone. They also have meatball sandwiches that looked amazing.Yelpers have never disappointed me with their sandwich recommendations. Paseo and Salumi are both some of my favorite restaurants in the city. Now  I can add Calozzi's to that list as well. Thank you Hot on Yelp. Thank you.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,7/19/2011,211,83,66,28,43>I'm from Detroit. The Motor City. The Place You Never Go Walking Around. That Thing That Used To Be A City But Is Now A Dead Husk Full Of Crack And Murder. Motown. Etc.Mother nature and I didn't even meet until like, 1995. Instead, I was born into an old oil pan underneath a Ford Taurus in a garage somewhere, and raised in an abandoned factory. For me, nature meant the tree in the 7-11 parking lot. There is a place in Detroit where four different highways meet for no reason. Just to hang out or whatever. This occurs just after you drive over/through Del Ray (or just before, depending on which direction you're headed). Del Ray is basically the setting for any industrial center needed for a post-apocalyptic film if Gary, Indiana isn't available. Something is always belching fire, or a smokestack the size of a skyscraper is emitting a freakishly large cloud of what is probably cyanide or crack smoke into the atmosphere and everything is made of tubes and gears and despair. I love Del Ray.Seattle is like, THE EXACT OPPOSITE of Detroit. Even demographically. If you swap all of Seattle's white people for black people and all of its Asians for White people, that's Detroit. This place is like a funhouse mirror full of trees for me. Basically if you replaced every tree with an abandoned building you would have Detroit. It's crazy.So how wonderful for me, now that I get to go frolic up mountainsides and explore fucking rainforests or the ocean or whatever, to go wandering away from a huge parade of naked people on bikes, down a meandering pathway past a purposely broken wall (not like on accident where I come from), up the side of an enormous hill that overlooks a lake and this beautiful city of ours, to see Del Ray rising up to greet me.20 foot weeds growing rampant around the rusty, tube-centric trappings of some monstrous industrial contraption, encased in a park, right on the water. It's like someone planted a little bit of home here as a welcome gift. I fucking love it. Honestly. I watched kite-flying kids gallivanting, joggers doing their jogs, scratch kickball leagues drinking PBR and yet, within five minutes I was dangling from an overflow pipe, surrounded by concrete while a bum cooked a hot dog on a terrifying small grill. It was amazing.the fact that they've converted small bits and pieces of the thing into benches and play areas is fantastic. I am a huge sucker for reappropriated spaces in the age of tear-it-down-and-build-a-condo architecture.For a lazy day spent looking at the sun reflect off the waves in one direction and the ruins of post-industrial America in the other, this is basically Heaven because when you're done you can walk right back into Seattle, not Detroit.So you don't even have to bring a gun to have a good time.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,7/18/2011,89,96,9,13,11>This park has got to be the most popular place in the city for walking or running on your own, or with friends, and for some, with dates. Let's see: it's about 2.8 miles at the inside paved area, and 3.2 or so miles at the outside lake perimeter. Not so long, and not so short, either. It's just enough distance to not run out of topics to talk about while walking, or for running faster and getting it over with if you decide to want to ditch your company in a hurry (just kidding!).On a good day, you'll see mixed crowds filling up the walking areas, some tripping all over the place with excitement, and others mindlessly announcing their personal lives in public while walking with friends at the park. I've been here so many times, but I still don't ever get tired of it, and I keep on coming back at any time, day or night, rain or shine. Every year on my birthday, I'm also here for my personal run, just to see if I can beat my laps or times from years before: my very own George run! Overall, this is always a good place for working up a good sweat, for people watching, if that's your goal, or for doing nothing but flat-out lying in the sun on a good, sunny day. This is an almost perfect 5-star worth of a park for me!
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,7/17/2011,293,280,7,8,8>When you walk into the room with the Karaoke machine and two sofas and a coffee table, you kind of look at each other saying, "Huh, this is it?"  But, three hours and a few drinks later with some wild knee dancing to some of the stupidest songs on the face of the earth, you realize it's very worth it.  With the right group of friends, this place can be just hysterical.  Make sure you go with at least 10 friends.  That way, it's really dirt cheap...like $10-20 per person.  There are some other costs you'll need to factor in too:  like a liquor license and beverages.  All things considered, the selection at SBK is pretty great for songs in English (the Spanish section and other languages could use some work)...  We we're whaling out, "I'm on a Boat," Fiona Apple, Neil Diamond, Petty, and some super sappy garbage as well.  Great time had by all...
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,7/16/2011,472,197,5,10,6>Oh Yeah Baby. This place redeems nachos every time some other poor schmuck of a restaurant *tries* to make them "right". I hit Matador up for Happy Hour, and am always pleased. I have a hard time not getting the $5 Texas sized Nachos, and adding chicken most of the time for an extra $2.50. That's so damn cheap compared to other places charging up to $13 for nachos with chicken. Yikes. Oh, did I mention the nachos have cheese in between layers of chips? Dooood....that is the bestest thing EVAAAR! That is right.I've had the tacos - steak and fish and chicken, they are good. They have a little kick, and are tasty and cheap. Everything on the HH menu is $5 for food. Wanna see the menu? Look at my pic of the HH Menu.Drinks are never on special, just the food, and, being a minimal drinker, I'm always on the lookout for places to get happy hour food that do NOT require a drink purchase to get happy hour food prices. Matador is one that just wants to spread the love of cheap awesomeness with their food to everyone, regardless of if they drink or not.The drinks are good, the bartenders, especially Dave (skywalker) - the bar manager. When I noted my madras was bitter, which seemed strange to me for a sweet drink, he (and the gal sitting next to me) asked to taste it, and were like - "yeah, bitter, not right." Dave says, "I can refund you - or I can make you a new one if you'd prefer. I want you to have a drink you like!" (I was on my way out). I stuck around, had "the righted" drink version and it was delicious. BTW, I was trying a gluten free vodka - just for fun, and I got Ciroc (or something) made out of grapes. Good stuff. $8.50, kinda high, but oh well.Note - this place is PACKED full full full at the early happy hour. DO not expect a seat after 5 really. Get there early. If you think you and a large group are gonna sit, have a table holder show up early, order a drink, and wait.....the drink prices are always the same.This joint has great decor, warm tones, candles, and is as romantic as you can get for a bar scene - good casual date night place. Southwestern/tex-mex kinda decor, big wood tables, lots of wood and metal. Cool people to talk to and, yes, there's more, a fireplace you can stand or sit around at the wrap around seating bar. NICE!I've been here a ton of times, thank God I realized I hadn't reviewed it yet. Now that's done. Matador - you are my favorite happy hour anywhere.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,7/15/2011,475,222,14,13,15>In the words of the late, great Dave Niehaus (sportscaster for the Seattle Mariners) "My oh my!!"The five star review is a culmination of two (yes two) indeed two visits in the same day... allow me to start another two part review.--------------------------------------------------­-----------Breakfast: On the urging of the lovely Vicki L. and the continued ribbing of my fellow  Yelpful, I finally made it to the Breakfast Club UYE, a little background, I tried to make it before... and even said "I'm in" multiple times, but my penchant for late night bare crawling and addiction to a good night's sleep kept me from it. Finally, I get to enjoy my favorite meal of the day at what is now one of my favorite restaurants in this city of rainy days.I took my little sister (who is one part my baby sis and another part a foodie in the making via my ever so capable grooming). I ordered the deconstructed corned beef hash and my sister ordered the brioche french toast. First off, the complimentary biscuits and cinnamon rolls for breakfast are so divine, it kinda makes me feel like I am in my grandmas kitchen... only with more swankier ingredients and waitresses that are oh so swoon worthy. But I digress. The deconstructed corned beef was a welcome take on your classic corned beef hash, rather than all hashed up, the corned beef was served in juicy little bites that were full of flavor, throw in a medley of veggies and a perfectly cooked over easy egg, and you have a swank breakfast that satisfies on all levels. I tried the french toast my sister ordered and my oh my was it good, two big slices of brioche bread, perfectly battered and grilled, just delicious. Eyeing the food of my various Yelpful, I was further intrigued. From Daren and Naurry's Kale Chicken Ceasar to Samantha's Grilled Cheese with Bacon Jam, I was totally hooked on this place... I had to come back...--------------------------------------------------­-----------And with that said... that was breakfast. Before I go on to my second visit of the day, I want to note a few things. First off the decor is fabulous. cozy yet roomy and a layout that screams one part diner with two parts swanky swag. Plus... those totally swoonworthy waitresses... uh yeah....--------------------------------------------------­-----------LATE Dinner:In the eve I went to a comedy show with my sister (from the morning) and my cousin. We saw Russell Peters, Gabriel "Mr. Fluffy" Iglesias, Steve Byrne, and Lisa Lampinelli. If laughing burns calories, I had to make it back... so with me and my fam in tow, we were bloody famished by the end. I proposed the idea of going (back) to Skillet all the while showing my cousin another great place to nosh.The evening started off perfect, we were seated right away by a very helpful bloke whose name escapes me (but if you read this sir, you were a delight in customer service, I tip my hat to thee). Right away he lets us know that the menu gets really limited after midnight so if we wanted more options when it comes to food, we should order right away... noted good sir. I remembered the grilled cheese sandwich that Samantha ordered at breakfast and my mind wandered with a certain level of salivating that a lion has while stalking a gazelle. To sort of offset the absolute caloric explosion I would face, I subbed my fries for a side salad (but I did get the bacon jam). My sister ordered the same thing, though without the salad. My cousin ordered the Fried Chicken Sammy. The food was just as good and an absolute delight. Later in the eve, Kate and Chris showed up after an eve of crawling the hill and they too were able to experience Skillet for the first time.Just as impressive for the later night crowd... and waitresses still swoonworthy... le sigh...--------------------------------------------------­-----------So that's my two part review5 totally-worth-it-extra-miles-on-the-treadmill stars out of 5cheers!!
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,7/14/2011,113,273,13,14,16>Corinna & Duchesse, sitting in a tree, s-i-p-p-i-n-g. Actually I was sitting on the table, because of a lack of chairs and because I am just class incarnate, but still.So. Belgian beers have never been my thing. Too syrupy, too fruity? No idea, but they just haven't made me love them the way, say, a good brown ale or IPA does. Stumbling Monk, therefore, never really tripped my radar as a place to go. But after wandering into this steamy little bar I felt pretty good. At home. I've been curious about sour ales for a while, so I broke myself in with the Duchesse on the bartender's recommendation. Love. Love love love. So delicious. A whole new world [of beers], a dazzling [beer] I never knew. Folded in that pint's warm (actually chilly) embrace I felt complete. When it was time to go, I stumbled out (how apropos!), secure in the knowledge that I would be back for more sours and more table-sitting.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,7/13/2011,103,123,22,22,22>The gods are smiling down upon Fremont.  I have to admit that I was a little jealous of all of the recent openings for things sweet on Sugar Hill.  But, then Fremont got Pie.  Then, we got Uneeda Burger.  And, now we have Pel'meni.  You know those delicious little Russian dumplings you get at the street fairs and taste festivals?  You know how you're always thinking "man, if there was a place that served these all the time, I would eat the f@#k out of that joint"?  Well, behold my son...such a place exists.And, it is in Fremont.Okay, so now we win.  Screw Sugar Hill.  I mean, there are plenty of people that live there that I like.  They have Bluebird, which is no joke.  They have RockBox, which is actually a rare improvement over something that couldn't possibly be improved.  But, they don't have little delightful drops of potato and beef in a pasta shell with curry power and sour cream on top.  So, screw them.Fremont FTW.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,7/12/2011,204,515,9,18,16>Rocking Wok Rocks!This place is tucked away just a block away from the Wallingford main drag of 45th and is a bit hard to find as it is disguised as a house.  It is a true hole in the wall but the food is pretty great.  As the name suggests, it features Taiwanese food with classics like oyster pancake, hand shaved noodle dishes and fermented stinky tofu.  Even though it is listed as 'dim sum' its much more a Taiwanese restaurant than anything else.  I came here with a group of eight the other day and had a feast.stuff we tried:oyster pancake- nice rendition here which wasn't too gooey, topped with a nice saucexiao long bao- soup dumplings here were actually much better than Din Tai Fung in Bellevue.  Nice and dangerously pipping hot!pot stickers- okay, nice and crispy on the outsidehand shaved noodle beefhand shaved noodle chicken-both hand shaven noodle dishes were great.  Irregularly shaped noodles proof of their hand shaveness!salt and pepper squid- great version here, squid done perfectly and not too chewy!sauteed green beens-garlicky!egg drop soup with chicken and corn- essentially a dressed up egg drop soup.  Still quite tasty!stinky fermented tofu- NEVER again.  I am pretty sure its authentic and glad I tried it.Total damage for all that was only  $13 which included tip.    Come here for the cheap Taiwanese eats!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,1/5/2009,114,68,18,18,17>If long lines and sour exchanges at the post office make you a little wild-in-the-eye, Sip and Ship calls. It "hath charms to soothe a savage breast*"--charms like fair-trade cappuccinos, quiche by the slice, italian sodas, letterpress stationery, gel pens, a folksy counter for writing missives while you caffeinate, gifty goods like ashley g coasters, and a no-wait/no-strain transaction with a pleasant soul. On top of transforming the mailing process from a chore to a lark, hours that extend beyond those at the post office mean you can get that letter off your to-do list and en route to your Grandpa right this instant. Genius.*Wait. What are you doing?! Not THAT kind of breast, filthy filly! Put that away. This is a FAMily shop.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,1/4/2009,219,1274,8,11,10>Damn.Awesome bar service with house-made gin, infused alcohols, well shaken and well strained cocktails, and great presentation in classy stemware, fruit, and zest.Cool and fairly efficient and redundant service.  This place is one where the kitchen rules, the staff is listed on the menu, and things get served when they are plated and not when a waiter feels like picking it up.Plates are delicious and a value for what you get.  I've had $15+ plates of pasta often and they are rarely worth it elsewhere.  Here they have an impressive menu, fresh specials, and the chefs clearly have an exquisite palate.  Delightful.They have a beautiful back patio where, in the light of the setting sun and amongst the surrounding greenery, you can enjoy yourselves.  There are also a generous amount of propane space heaters. If things get chilly, they are happy to turn them on for you.Their wine list is epic in size.  Their dessert menu is also huge.Also worth noting is that they have a late night happy hour until close and late night limited menu available after their kitchen closes.I would recommend this venue as a great place for a high-end dinner, a drink at the bar, or a dessert.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2008,1/2/2009,153,353,20,17,18>I'll ruin the ending: neither Cobra Commander nor Venom made an appearance despite my inner child's desperate wish. Beyond that I wasn't really sure what to anticipate, require or request from a live music venue going by the name King Cobra.I found myself here largely incidentally when joining a friend's entourage for a $12 3-act indie rock evening. I'm not sure whether it was the rumors I'd heard or the crowd I'd seen in the general vicinity outside while walking by on weekend evenings but I was expecting (dreading?) a relatively dingy and rundown dive bar with a hammed-up snake theme.Like the aforementioned dashed hope, that is not how it went down. This is an authentic-feeling venue with an unobtrusive balcony area overlooking the stage, reminiscent of a few bars I went to for live music in New York, and far homier than a certain "reading room" across the street despite the subjective affinity I have for it. Sound quality was enjoyable: no earplugs needed and I could mostly discern lyrics.I'm not sure how it would be to just hang out at the bar here and it very well may attract a different crowd at non-show times but I would absolutely see a show here again. My biggest concern is not getting too attached - I just can't see King Cobra triumphing in the good fight against G.I. Condo Developers.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,1/1/2009,615,688,11,14,15>And you thought ADULT movie going always meant bringing a towel along!Big Picture proves that having an Adults Only theater can be a very classy experience.  Down the stairs lurks this beautiful speakeasy-style business.  The decor is classy and swanky.  It reminds me of something Bogart himself would be hanging out in.  Great places to lounge with friends, a few tables to stay near the bar and lots of room to enjoy before and after.  It doesn't crowd at all.  Honestly, it's a hip place to hang out even if you aren't seeing a movie.The staff was very attentive and hip, without the pretentious attitude.  They serve amazingly delicious cocktails and even bring you another beverage during the show, if requested.  Very nice indeed.The screen itself is smaller than other theaters in the area but the chairs are impressively comfortable.  There are no bad seats here!  The sound system was lovely and rich.  And there really is not a lot of room, so if you are dead set on a movie time with a group, you will want to come early enough.It's pure indulgence here for anyone wanting to enjoy a movie without the annoyance of children.  You won't get the same crowd enthusiasm as an opening night in a chain theater.  But some movies were just meant to be seen this way.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,12/30/2008,223,330,7,7,7>Fine dining has always had a way of saying "Jason, shut up and let me take care of things"The award winning Union is no exception. At first a little weary, I was concerned that the "small" portions were going to be hoity-toity and insufferably pretentious. The waiter was confident in saying that the four courses would not only fill my stomach but would give my palate a whirlwind adventure. Okay whatever, just feed me. The line up was as follows: Ahi tuna (raw), beef tongue risotto, beef sirloin, and almond cake with rhubarb and creme fraiche.It was absolutely bewitching. The portions were not small at all, but instead were perfectly portioned. Union boasts itself as a haven for organ meats, and encourages new comers to try something new and unexpected. From veal sweetbread (thymus glands) to beef tongue, the only thing you can expect is to be amazed and delighted. The four dishes really did a fine job complimenting each other, each one having its own unique texture and taste. My personal favorite has to be the tuna. I've recently learned that having a well prepared quality tuna as a first course does an amazing job at exciting the palate and awakening all the senses in anticipation of a great meal to come. Chef Ethan Stowell does not disappoint one bit, bravo.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,12/29/2008,704,321,19,17,12>Went here for the first time yesterday, and I must say... mission accomplished! It's one of those new places that's built inside of a house, so you feel like you're in someones living room... but personally I get off on breaking into strangers houses and eating on their coffee tables, so for me... this is bliss! Beyond the creature comfort of being within walking distance to my new place, the portions are HUGE! For breakfast, Wild Mountain is SOLID! I went for the traditional breakfast, and it came with five pieces of bacon! The menu said four, but I'm still fantasizing that the waitress, was either flirting with me or... far more likely... trying to kill me. Either way, I got her attention, and when you've been single as long as I have, you take what you can get! (Hi waitress!)The macaroni and cheese had tendrils of cheese that stretched across the table! That is not an exaggeration! You can get a good four feet of stretch room on this stuff! Gooey, gooey bliss!
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,12/28/2008,50,116,11,11,9>My coworker talked this place up for MONTHS! I finally took him up on his offer a few weeks ago. He warned me that I would develop an uncontrollable addiction to it, to which I scoffed at. How good can it be? Right?I feel like a coke-fiend... Those perfectly carmelised onions, bursting with flavour... That sauce...  I'm drooling as I type this. Before Paseo, I probably ventured to Fremont perhaps FIVE times in my life. Now I'm making excuses left and right to visit Fremont. I've become an evangelist to a new religion.In short: Paseo is GO!I would also like to reiterate the goodness of the tofu sandwich. I'm a proud meat eater, but Paseo managed to make a tofu sandwhich that even I would order on a regular basis! It's a testament to how delicious these sandwiches are.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,12/27/2008,128,407,5,6,5>Another glowing review for this hidden gem! I walked down here yesterday to get my hair cut... nothing over the top, just cleaning up the ends... after walking in, I was able to melt the icicles off the formed on my hands (geezus H, was it cold out there!). Traci cut my hair, and gave me the polish I needed. I wish I could style it like that everyday! The place wasn't too loud so we could actually talk, and before you know it, I was done and out the door! Everyone here was very friendly and nice, and very reasonably priced. Perhaps I've found MY salon of choice. I will be back!
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,12/26/2008,519,323,13,16,13>Holy Garliczilla breath!!!!  The lunch pernil (pulled pork) bowl I had at La Isla came with their infamous mojito sauce, aka the citrusy, puree of raw garlic sauce.  Most of the dishes here come with this tasty but strong accoutrement. Regardless of it's ability to rapidly repel any vampire from getting all up in your grill,  I personally couldn't help but dump all over the mildly seasoned pulled pork and rice.  This pernil bowl also came with a puree of red pepper type sauce that was also good used to dip the dos tostones included with the pulled pork bowl.  The tostostones were a bit greasy, but crunchy and delicious.  Also, a slice of avocado was included, and was a nice finish to my already overloaded bowl!My partner in dine had two empanadas with rice and beans.  He wolfed them down so fast, I was only able to try the beef one.  The other one he got was pork; he said he liked the beef better.  His rice and beans were tasty.  The empanadas' creamy dipping sauce was really good.Overall I really liked this place.  The prices were ok, and the food was satisfying.  I thought everything was a little on the oily side, but I'm not complaining.  I love that they provide little sides of sauces to go with the food.  I'm a total sauce person, and always ask for extra sauces on the side.  I understand though that not everyone likes to smell of garlic for a week after consumption.  That person isn't me, but it's nice when restaurants like this cater to all.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,12/25/2008,251,244,16,22,18>Not too crowded, not too hip, not too shabby.I wasn't really feeling like going out and partying like a rock star this weekend, but my friends were missing me and somehow convinced me to brave the slush and the Hill to meet up with them at Redwood. I'd have to say I'm pretty glad they did since I had forgotten what this little gem of a bar is like. Within minutes of meeting up with the crew and getting seated, an unknown young lady stopped by our table and asked if we wouldn't mind filling out a survey her friends had created on a napkin. Considering we had nothing better to do than drink, we took her up on her offer and returned the napkin with our own clever survey on the back.A few beers, a few exchanged surveys and some delicous spicy sweet potato fries later we declared our evening a success.The Redwood is a fine example of why I still occasionally go to the Hill.1 star for friendly and kind of cute patrons1 star for non-snarky bartenders1 star for fantastically delicious food served until midnight or so1 star for not being too crowded with unfriendly people, bartenders who don't give a shit and bad bar food (yeah, i'm talking to *you*, typical Capitol Hill bar)
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,1/11/2012,543,163,14,17,15>Venik is a comfy spot for a drink after work, or after a soak at next-door Banya (whose owner also owns Venik). It's a smallish spot, but I've never had trouble getting a seat. With the rise of Amazon in the neighborhood, there may be times when it's standing room only. I haven't encountered it, though.Happy hour is pretty strong and runs 4-7 Monday through Friday (which, coincidentally, are the only days that this bar is open--no weekend activity here unless it's booked for a private event). Here, happy hour means 25% off food and drink.Wondering what to drink? You'll probably find something tempting on the cocktail list, but if not, Matt Bailey is a gem of a bartender who takes his craft seriously and can make a drink as well as any of the bartenders whose names come up in conversation amongst the cocktail connoisseurs around town. Alternatively, try the infused vodkas. The varieties rotate from week to week, so outside of a few core varieties like the traditional Russian garlic and pepper, you can't be sure what'll be offered, but check the chalkboard to see what's currently offered. You can get a tall shot for $10, or a sample of three half-shots for $14. Some flavors I've had in the past have included coffee, earl grey, nutella, basil, mint, beet, wasabi, and horseradish. There are some I like better than others, but I've yet to be disappointed.If you're primarily a beer drinker, you might be a little disappointed since there are only three varieties on tap: Mac n' Jack African Amber, Trumer Pils, and an Odin brew. I've made my peace ordering Trumer, and Venik has pretty much become "the place I drink Trumer," because it's the most appealing of the very limited selection. There are a few bottled beers available, but basically, if your main draw is a beer selection, look elsewhere.Nikki turns out some pretty great food from the broom-closet-sized kitchen. It just goes to show that talent is what really matters. Give the mac and cheese a try--a half-portion (which is enough for a small meal unless you're ravenous) can be had for just $4.50 at HH, and includes the addictive garlic toast. I try to resist, but I've even ordered extra garlic toast on occasion. Check the board for weekly specials and the current soup.Venik's not a place you'll go to watch the game, go dancing, or look for dates, but pop in and enjoy a craft cocktail, an infused vodka, or a bite to eat. It's Ian-approved.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,1/10/2012,226,740,8,13,11>I'M ON A BOAT!!! Some very wonderful friends booked Anchor Bay Charters' "Seeker" yacht as the venue for a pre-wedding coed bash back in July. Everybody had a fantastic time and it will undoubtedly be a fond memory for everyone that was lucky enough to be there that night. The yacht is in tip-top shape and there was plenty of room for our party (I'm guessing we had about 40 people). I don't know the proper nautical terms, but there is room to sit, stand or dance on the top, in the main cabin and on the front of the deck. There is also a kitchen with fridge, sink and a nice amount of counter space in the cabin. There are bathrooms and bedrooms on the lower level.  The two crew members did a great job. They were friendly and made everyone feel welcome and comfortable. In addition to steering the boat, they chatted with guests and helped clean up trash/recycling along the way. I wish I could remember their names! The tour took about four hours. We started in Ballard/Fisherman's Terminal, went through Lake Union to Lake Washington, and then further out (Kirkland?) before turning back. The views were splendid, the ride was smooth, and it really was a great time on the water. A couple things to note: -- Parking near the docks is a bit tricky. Be sure you aren't parked in a spot that will get you towed! -- No smoking. This drew some complaints from the crowd, but boo hoo, you can't smoke while onboard a luxurious vessel. -- Whatever comes on the boat must come off the boat -- including trash and decorations! Make sure at least one person is responsible/sober enough at the end of the trip to haul everything off. The crew helped us but ultimately it's your responsibility. -- My friends brought their own food but on the Anchor Bay website it looks like they can arrange for catering. My experience onboard the "Seeker" was some of the most fun I've ever had on -- or off -- a boat. I highly recommend this as a venue if you'd like to plan something different and fun for a party or gathering.youtube.com/watch?v=R7yf…
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,1/9/2012,595,1498,10,27,16>A Portuguese, Indian and Mexican restaurant? Well, not all together. That sounds like a mess. It is not so much Mexican, aside from a fish tacos entree offering. Max's World Cafe reflects the "World" moniker well as it refuses to be defined by a cuisine. Though if you must, Portuguese and Indian would be the two which reflect the heritage of the restaurant's chef, Edna. There are a number of dishes on the short menu here that represent these cuisines.What drew me initially to this small, 14-seat cafe in quaint downtown Issaquah on Front Street was the chance to try Portuguese dishes. I read that one dessert offered here is pastel de nata which is Portuguese egg tart and apparently hard to find in Seattle. What I did not expect was that I was going to get a history lesson here and actually be eating Portuguese influenced Indian food.Huh? Apparently my high school world history classes did a shoddy job of covering colonialism in India. Five European countries created colonies in India. Britain, Denmark, France, Holland and Portugal. Portuguese India lasted for over 450 years and influenced the cuisine of the state of Goa as a result. It is the cuisine of this region that is reflected in a number of dishes on the menu at Max's.As I was focused on trying something Portuguese, I debated between the peri-peri chicken and the Portuguese coconut milk chicken breast curry. I decided to get the curry ($16) as I was interested to see how this compared to a Thai curry with coconut milk. Apparently the curry is a mix of 26 spices! I tried it with the basmati rice that came with the entree and have to say that the curry is velvety smooth. Portuguese colonialism done good! Delicious, though I think the pricing is a dollar or two too high for what you get. But I would rather pay a little more for a good meal with top ingredients like this one over paying less for a meal inferior in quality and taste.Though stuffed, I was not leaving without trying the Portuguese egg tart ($3). Apparently the tart needed to be baked which takes about 9 minutes. I agreed to wait, taking the egg tart to go. I like these are made to order and fresh out of the oven when served. Since these are hot, give them some time to cool a bit. After getting home, I devoured the tart and loved every bite. The vanilla in the custard does make all the difference.If you feel like taking a world cuisine history lesson, make a stop at Max's to taste the culinary fruits of Portuguese colonialism in India.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,1/7/2012,264,133,10,13,12>The OTC is a glorified bus stop, so I feel odd giving it 5 stars.It's an excellent hub, plenty of lines run through it so you can get all around the greater Western-Washington area conveniently.There's the MS shuttle-office to pick up drinks if you're Microsoft-linked, the bike shop Pedal Dynamics, and there's plenty of parking and bike lockers.Improvements? Perhaps a small convenience store would be nice, but I don't know where they'd put it.Tip: On weekends not all of the same buses go through OTC, for example the 545 will stop on the other side of the 520.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,1/6/2012,123,361,15,15,14>I went here on a date and it was fantastic! The inside is cozy, eclectic and a little random so of course, being a weirdo, I liked it.At first we planned on heading next door for a drink since you can't make reservations on a weekend, but we were able to get a cute little table tucked in the back. The waitress brought the usual fresh bread with olive oil and basalmic which was perfect with the caprese salad and wine, which he chose since he has better taste then me (this rarely happens).I had the chicken and he had the "special" and I can't recall exactly the name was but I think it was the "produken".  It was delicious. For desert, we had the homemade strawberry shortcake...OMFG I could've slathered it all over my body, it was so frickin good.Pro's: I love this place, it's not perfect. They ran out of wine glasses and used tumblers. It's small and cozy but romantic. Great service and excellant food.Cons: You can't make reservations on the weekends
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/5/2012,99,124,7,11,8>Can't Stop Moving made my experience as painless as it could be, which we all know, moving is a royal pain. Their website was helpful and informative, and I received return calls in a reasonable amount of time (given this was all around the Thanksgiving holiday).I would trust the guys to move my grandmother. They were prompt, careful, polite and wow, those guys can hustle. They took a preliminary look at the piles of boxes and furniture, conferred among themselves for a minute, and then set about to moving it all onto the truck. The dismount was easier as they had a general idea of where the boxes went.  While they did the unload, I started putting some of my larger furniture together (bed frame, desk), and they even helped me move those to that 'just right' place in each room. Everything arrived intact -- no scratches, dings or breaks. CSM also offers eco-boxes, which made my life so much easier (and like a good recycling citizen of the NW). In past moves I've ended up scrambling for boxes. This time I had 30 boxes delivered to my place, ready for me to pack 'em up, and once they were unloaded into my new place it was so convenient to unpack and stack the empty totes. Hard to believe I had 30 boxes worth of stuff...but that's a different issue.I had 3 guys and a truck, which was just right to move my stuff in less than 4 hours. CSM offers a discount if you pay in cash and they also have a yelp special for an additional $50 off. Can't Stop Moving turned a dreaded experience into a positive, smooth move.  Well done, guys!
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,1/4/2012,293,280,5,7,6>Aye...Dios mio!  Tacos dorados...  My fiance from Morelia wanted me to try you when I went to Morelia last December.  I never had the chance...but, my tongue has been waiting...salivating for the combination of crispy, greasy tacos dorados with sour cream.  Little did I know that I would find you in West Seattle...If you want to open up a taco truck or a new Mexican restaurant and you want it to be a success, it's a good idea to make something addictive that no one else is making better than anyone else is making it.  That's what the Guerrero family has done with the tacos dorados here.  Beloved Mexico is to Alki what Paseo has become to Golden Gardens...a must stop on the way to the beach.  Que rico!
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,1/3/2012,129,291,11,11,11>I'm thankin' baby Jesus that this is where Vicki L. wanted to go upon her arrival back in Seattle last night. Even at 8:30pm on a Wed night, it's busy, so be prepared for that. As we were waiting for a table for 4, a friendly hipster (who knew there was such a thing?) came out and said he could seat us at the bar if we wanted. Said friendly hipster happened to be our server and I thought he was quite pleasant (ya know, for a hipster)! I also appreciated their music selection that night, because really, how can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?! The tracks varied from Pink Floyd to Modest Mouse.  Their drink special was one of my favorite refreshing summer drinks: Pimms cup and it was delish. So many things looked great on the menu from the kale caesar salad to the side dishes to the grilled cheese. Boy did that grilled cheese look good. Lady next to me was eating it and I am pretty sure she was having a foodgasm. I opted for the veggie burger, which was made with farro, and it was good, but it crumbled right before my very eyes. The fries were really where Skillet won me over. The BEST crispy fries I've had in a long time and man they really stack those f-ers on! Can't wait to go back and try some more...
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,1/2/2012,519,323,7,10,8>After being a fixture in Mountlake Terrace for the past two years, I still really enjoy Cinebarre.  It's so much fun to go come here for a date night or just for an impromptu movie night with a group of friends.  Service can be hit or miss, but 90 percent of the time the food arrives very quickly. The prices are still very good, although the movie ticket prices have gone up, so expect to pay $12 a ticket.  If the $12 price seems too steep, come on $5 movie night, which is every Tuesday.  Be forewarned, if you don't come early,  you may not get a seat!The food itself is really good for a place like this.  The food is made from scratch.  The french fries are hand cut daily.  The pizza sauce has too much thyme in it, but I still enjoy the pizza.  Order a side of their house-made ranch dressing for dipping and it won't disappoint.  For appetizers, the moonsticks are top notch for deep fried mozzarella.  The Sgt. Pepper jalapeno poppers are also pretty tasty.  I tried the Fried Green tomatoes last time and would skip next time.  The cornmeal coating was too thick and was a bit undercooked.  The green tomato itself was chewy and had quality that indicated they are frozen prior to frying.  They definitely are not fresh cut, but I imagine it's difficult sourcing fresh green tomatoes, so maybe they should try to keep it a seasonal item.The sandwiches are really good, and come with those fresh cut hand fries I talked about earlier.  Now let's get to the best part about this place.  As a 21 and older establishment, alcohol is the main draw here!  Pitchers of beer, mimosa, or sangria can be ordered for $6 a glass or $20 a pitcher.  Last time I was here they had 22 oz Ninkasi brews on sale for $7, which is pretty good seeing that at the grocery store the bottles are about $4.  I had an oatmeal stout that was damn tasty.  They also have a "cinnebrew" which is an ESP type beer and a "cinnebeer," which is a scotch ale, both at $5 a glass or $18 a pitcher.  There are also less expensive domestic beer choices, and even a local Red Hook Rotator beer for $4 a glass or $15 a pitcher.  It may not be the cheapest date, especially after the movie ticket is purchased, but as far as food and beer pricing goes, I'd say it's on the lower end compared to most restaurants in the area.  It's a unique experience that isn't found anywhere else, and really isn't much more than going to a normal theatre that charges astronomical prices for a bag of popcorn and a monster sized soda pop.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,1/1/2012,390,547,9,13,10>I'm lucky enough to work for a company that gets catered lunch brought in every day. And we're lucky enough to have found On Safari Foods to do that catering.  This is 4-5 days/week we get food brought in, for at least the past 3 months - so I think I'm qualified to write this review ;-)On Safari does everything form sandwiches to Indian food, to Mac n' Cheese to Cornish Game Hen - almost always with some tasty treats for dessert. It's way more variety than we could get bringing in restaurant food and way healthier too. They also handle the particular tastes in our offices, from the vegetarians to the carnivores, to everyone in between. And they adjust well when we make suggestions (which is often, because we are whiny, over-privileged office workers).I even suggested we started having them do a brunch once/week and it's been a huge hit - the breakfast frittata last week was a favorite with everyone. Highly recommended.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/31/2014,235,479,9,10,9>4.5 stars!First of all, my apologies. I have zero photos for this review. My damn phone ran out of batteries and completely died upon arriving at Momiji (moh-mee-gee). How horrific, right?!? Ugh! My dinner mate Trina D. shares my pain. *Weeps together.* Hanging my head in sadness and rage, I stuffed my face with warm salted edamame...Despite the horror, this restaurant took my breath away. It is beautiful. There are warm colors all throughout, wood beams and walls, Japanese tile roof, and ceiling-to-floor windows. The traditional and modern design work harmoniously together to create an inviting atmosphere. I loved the outdoor seating area - boasting Japanese maple trees and seating enough for about 6-8 max. Open roof/ceiling so lots of natural light. I think this is how I would like my own home to look and feel. Someday!The food is great. Fresh fish and many other offerings. Even if not a sushi lover, there are many other things here. Tempura, steak, chicken, soups, noodles, rice bowls, etc. Something for everyone!For me, the star of the show was the Sake salmon nigiri. Melts in your mouth!! I loved it so much that after my initial order, I ordered a second round of salmon sushi sampler. The rice was great with the fresh salmon. Not too much vinegar, just the right temperature, etc. Yay! I would love to come back here and go all out!!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,8/30/2014,186,474,11,14,12>A few weeks ago (months? last weekend?) I was really hungover and I was thinking, what are the best hangover cures? Aside from a great heaping plate of greasy bacon? Why, a steaming bowl of pho and a Bloody Mary, of course! So I set to wishing that such a place existed where I could get both of these magical items at the same time for the ultimate hangover-fighting experience, and even went so far as to plot opening my own pho-and-Bloody-Mary emporium, and I'm ashamed to admit that it took me entirely too long to realize that such a place already exists in our fair city and it is Ba Bar. Seriously, if you're suffering from a case of 'whoops-I-imbibed-a-little-much-last-night' get thee to Ba Bar and order up a bowl of pho ga and a house Bloody Mary. That hangover will flee before such a formidable foe. (Ph-oe? Okay, I'll stop.) And it doesn't hurt that they have daily happy hour from 3 to 6, which is probably right when you're crawling out of bed on Sunday, wishing that your head would stop pounding. And even if you're not in need of a hangover cure (do I know you? do I want to?!) Ba Bar has daily happy hour $5 cocktail specials and a great variety of other foods to satisfy. Decor is nice and clean, they have an impressive wall of liquors behind the bar and the tenders know their trade. One of my friends used to tend bar here and now he works at one of the best cocktail bars in NYC - that should tell you something. And did I mention 50cent wing night on Tuesday?! And the macarons! Turn down for what?!
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,8/29/2014,242,83,10,29,18>I'm so happy Yong's opened up 2 minutes away from my house because their food is yummy! I normally go to the U District for Korean soft tofu soup but Yong's will be my new go-to spot. I had the seafood soft tofu soup. You can order it mild, medium or hot in spice level. I got medium and it was perfect. It wasn't too salty like so many soft tofu soups out there. The seafood content was good - it has shrimps, clams and mussels. My husband had the dol sot bibimbap and he enjoyed it. The banchan / side dishes were good - I like that they include green onion pancake.We also ordered the seafood and green onion pancake. Comes on a hot plate and has lots of seafood in it. It was delicious and not too greasy. It is hard to find Korean green onion pancake that is not super greasy!!The owner was there cooking away. She was very friendly and asked us how we liked the food. We will definitely be back! There is street parking outside. It gets a bit smokey in the restaurant especially when they're making BBQ dishes so don't wear your best clothes.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/28/2014,114,275,10,13,11>Is it really possible for Greek Yogurt to be this good? I just couldn't believe the great reviews.. it's crazy! I had to try it to believe.. and baby, I'm a believer!! Who needs ice cream, froyo, or any of that nonsense when you can eat Ellenos Greek yogurt?!! Okay, you officially must be thinking I've gone mad.  But I dare someone to try this place, and tell me that they aren't a fan! Smooth, creamy, a hint of tart, with just the right amount of honey, and then a topping/flavor stirred into the yogurt.  No fake, artificial fillers, or sugars in here.. it's the real deal, and it tastes almost sinful! Passionfruit is the winner in my eyes! Actually, I have some in the fridge now, and I think I'm going to have some now, as this review is making me salivate!  Lemon Curd and Marionberry  are the runners up! The awesome thing is, they let you sample.. ALL OF THE FLAVORS! And even though there are places like Baskin Robbins, Froyo places, etc that also let you sample, after a few tastes you know they are thinking, "Hurry up and make up your mind!" But with Ellenos, everyone wants you to try more and more flavors! Even after I've ordered my flavors, I end up still sampling!If you're not able to make Pike Place Market, head over to the Uwajimaya in Bellevue, as they have a stand there too! I hear Starbucks Corporate offices have one too! Lucky them! :)
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/27/2014,170,230,13,20,18>Pull out some napkins and get ready to be drowned in sauce.I was craving a burger really badly. Not just any burger like Red Robin status, or even anything like fast food burgers. I wanted the real deal, a real, beef, made to order, burger oriented, high quality ingredient, burger. I honestly was looking for something that would make my mouth water and my stomach yearn for more.Although I heard of a variety of burger places to try such as 8 oz, Quinns, and Uneeda, I decided that I wanted to give Lunchbox Laboratory a try. I don't regret coming here at all.We arrived on a Saturday evening around 6:30 pm. The place was filled, but we only had to wait about 5 minutes. We were then seated and water was served along with our menus. If you look around the place, there are tons of lunchboxes, hence the name Lunchbox. And then there are also a lot of beakers and science equipment, hence the latter of the name Laboratory. It's a cute little place with fun decorations.We already knew what we wanted being the foodies that we are. We like to look at the menu online so that we can come in and just order and eat. However, we did receive their weekly experiment menu and saw something that we had never seen before: a thin mint shake.Now thin mint shakes aren't something that you can find everywhere, especially when Girl Scout Cookie season is over. So don't expect that the thin mint shake will always be present at Lunchbox Laboratory since they too, will run out of thin mint cookies. We decided, being the thin mint lovers that we are, that it was too good to pass up this weekly experiment.As we waited for our burgers to come, our thin mint delicacy came out. It was beautiful, a malt color with whipped cream and a thin mint cookie. Two straws for my boyfriend and I to battle it down. The first sip, and I was in love. I could taste those crushed up thin mint cookies. This is every thin mint lovers dream. The shake was fantastic and prepared our stomachs for the savory burgers to come.We waited what seemed like a long time... longer than it normally takes for food to come out. We waited and waited, saw other people get their food, watched them eat it in awe, and continued to wait. Until that glorious moment where our waiter came with our food! I ordered the Uptown New Yorker burger while my boyfriend got the Tear Jerker (being the spice fan he is). We both took other Yelpers' recommendations and got the tots instead of the fries or the sweet potato fries.Just an FYI, they charge 50 cents if you want dipping sauce. I personally don't think it's worth it, but hey, to each their own. Also, the waiter will ask you if you want bacon, egg, or avocado in your burger but they won't tell you the cost of each item. Be aware that it costs extra to be put these in your burger. Don't just say yes expecting it to just be free.The burgers looked glorious. Sauce was dripping down and my stomach was so ready. The lettuce, tomato and pickle come on the side and so you have to lift up that bun and put the veggies in. Then, it's time to devour. I couldn't fit the burger in my mouth. My upper lip just barely scratched the meat. So I knew that it was time to lay down the knife. I had to cut that bad boy in half and then I could finally eat the thing from top to bottom. Now I am no expert food critic. I couldn't tell what was in my burger for the life of me. There were so many sauces and so many flavors that it was an explosion in my mouth. All I know was that it was down right delicious. The burgers come automatically as medium unless you want it well done. There is no in between. However, because it is Kobe beef, they recommend it as medium. This was my first time eating the meat as medium and boy, it was real good and juicy. That was some high quality beef right there. It's messy. It really is. I had to go through over 5 napkins because there was so much sauce just dripping down my hands and fingers. It was so worth getting dirty for. Every bite was so heavenly and I knew that this was the burger that my stomach had been waiting for.The tots were great too! Oily, and crispy and good with ketchup! They also have a spice rack that comes out if you want to season your tots. There are quite a few spices, but I liked my tots plain.My boyfriend thought that the tear jerker was amazing and had a spicy kick to it. He thought this burger was beyond expectation. Surprisingly, we both eat a lot, but this burger and side really filled us up. I was very pleased.Service wise, our waiter was very kind, bubbly, and humorous, but she never came to check up on us. Thankfully we loved our burgers so we didn't really need to be checked up on except for a water refill.Overall, great experience here. I loved their messy burgers and their tots. The thin mint shake, so good, so good. Good thing they have a giant stack of napkins ready for you to use!
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,8/26/2014,269,587,9,12,9>I'm from Guam, so by no means am I some American BBQ expert because I grew up eating Chamorro BBQ which is different. But what I am an expert on, is my own opinion ;).Atmosphere: Upon walking in, the place was smoky, very smokey. They must have just got done cooking a batch, maybe their exhaust temporarily died. My wife even said its normally not that smokey. But to tell you the truth, it almost made the atmosphere better, as I felt like I was at a backyard BBQ vs a BBQ restaurant. The place is also clean with ample seating, clean bathrooms, and amenities. Prices: Okay prices to me were a little pricey than I usually like to pay for BBQ. Sandwiches I think were like $9, plates like $12-$14. Drinks were extremely reasonable at only like $1-$2 for a fountain drink. Food: Alright lets get to business. The chicken and ribs were fall off the bone tender goodness, and the sauce was amazing. I ordered the Hooch which is their spicey MAN sauce. It started off easy, then about 3/4 way down my meal, I actually found myself with some sweat beads and refills of my drink. I'm not a pepper contest winner or anything, but I usually eat a pretty good amount of spicy food compared to your average "I can eat spicy food" person.  If you're a dry rub person, maybe not your cup of tea. This is definitely wet BBQ,but the sauce is good and messy. The potato salad and cole slaw (I normally hate cole slaw) was also very good. Bacon Cheddar in the Potato Salad, Cole Slaw fresh and crunchy vs soggy and watery like other places. Service: Fast and Friendly. Overall:  Since dining there, I already have been asking my wife to pick up a rib platter to bring home for dinner every day since last Friday. That's a good sign. I definitely have my new spot to eat lunch at whenever I go visit my wife's work.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/25/2014,19,194,11,6,6>It's not the best Chinese food in the International District, but It's open late and the staff is an absolute riot.Honey Court is the best place to get your late night MSG on. They have all of the standard fare but the really excel at fried rice and other carb based alcohol absorbers. Their honey walnut prawns are also above average.What makes Honey Court an experience is the service. The ladies here are always funny and sweet. But if you are in a feisty mood they will heckle you incessantly. Which always makes for a fun meal. They remind me of my inappropriate Asian aunties.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,8/24/2014,76,510,10,11,11>The fabled oxtail sandwich was...pretty darn amazing.I had been watching Salumi's twitter since the fall after I missed the oxtail in October. Typically they offer the oxtail that week but most recently it was a one day affair.I'm glad I caught it!On oxtail day, we were probably 6th in line (when the line moved a couple folks showed up to had called in advance orders; they got a little side eye) after arriving about 15mins before opening.The oxtail was slow cooked/stewed in a tomatoy sauce (would probably be awesome with pasta). The guiseppe sandwich pocket bread was the chosen carrier of deliciousness (a person ahead of us asked to have it on a baguette but the ladies behind the counter had strong opinions on that). It was swiped with some garlicky butter/oil before being stuffed and I mean, STUFFED, with the oxtail yumminess. It was so saucey, yummy, they used a ladle! There was no room for the onions/peppers in the sandwich, so they were added on the top of the oxtail  overflow pile on the plate.Just half of the sandwich was extremely hearty and filling. It was a very messy and oily sandwich; when we wrapped up the leftovers to take home (just using their butcher paper), the paper was soaked. But taste-wise, it was perfect. And, you're not coming here to be healthy anyways. This is a sandwich that's only available 4x a year!I shared the half later in the evening for dinner. I was a little worried about reheating it, but it was very tasty and I'm glad I wasn't greedy and shared this rare tasty gift with my husband! Turns out, it was his very first taste of Salumi. :)
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,8/23/2014,207,93,12,12,13>Best bubble tea I've had yet! More like a fruit slushie purée - there are actual bits of strawberries visible amongst that sweet bubble tea goodness and tapioca pearls! Yum! This is my 2nd attempt at eating here this week - because I managed to crack a weak tooth while taking my first bite of soft bread and tofu yesterday. How does one crack a tooth on tofu? It's a new mysterious talent I have apparently. Yay me! So I'm back today, post dental fixit appointment, to try again. Along with the strawberry bubble tea I ordered the Tofu Banh Mi without jalapeños. So good! The Banh Mi was packed with sweet pickled veggies and very generous with the tofu portion. The bread was lightly crispy on the outside and very soft on the inside -perfect! Not sure if it's a sauce or just a fine dance mix of mayo and pickled veggie juice - but this sandwich is a sauce lovers dream! Very juicy, tangy but savory, and just plain wonderful! Yeh yeh's knows what they do best and they do it well. The menu is simple, easy to read and focused on two main entree choices: Banh Mi sandwiches or salads. That's it. Nothing complicated or fancy. Just good food.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2014,8/22/2014,182,531,8,13,11>I had been waiting forEVER for this place to open!I visited on the day after their grand opening for lunch.  Thankfully, there was no wait.  I had the tonkotsu white while the BF had tonkotsu black.  They charge $2.50 for a tea bag, which is ridiculous.The bowls came out pretty quickly.  The broth was thick but did not have very much depth of flavor.  The soft boiled egg was perfectly boiled, but the marinade was a bit off.  Noodles were nice and chewy.  I only tried a little big of the tonkotsu black broth, but it was nice and garlicky.  I think it was just OK and not worth the trip from Seattle.The employees yell "irashai" whenever someone walks through the door.  I've been to ramen restaurants like that before, but the way they were saying it was obnoxious!  It was almost like they were screaming.  Maybe all of their voices are naturally that loud and high pitched, but it was awfully annoying.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2007,7/14/2008,116,228,9,7,9>I had leftovers for lunch again today. For three days now. And dinner tonight will probably be from the leftovers also.Which goes to say that while the food was not inspired enough to have been completely guzzled at the original sitting, it wasn't bad enough to have been rejected as leftovers.Oh, and no dinner-time dim sum in sight - you should have seen the crestfallen look on my poor dining companion's face. Especially given the anticipation with which he had anticipated it.The service was adequate; they had a wedding party to deal with in back. The snow and rain that day was insufferable. But I digress.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,7/12/2008,317,792,12,15,17>I loathe driving. I'll spare you the reasons, but trust me when I say if you knew them you would say, "Yes, I understand, I see your point." I can, however, tolerate a seven minute drive (14 is the upper limit), so when it occurred to me that a Pub Sunday was a brilliant idea I searched the seven minute diameter from my home for a good pub. (Don't ask - it involved a map, that not-so-great Yelp search function, a sharp, pointy grade school compass and lots of blood). And then I found the Latona Pub.Now this is my kind of joint. Relaxed, casual, clean, cozy, music at conversation level, plenty of natural light from the big windows streaming onto solid wood tables, quiet neighborhood, and a good chalkboard menu even if you do end up with a crick in your neck from looking up at it over the bar, especially if you don't decide what you want quickly. I've had the same pleasant server twice who can describe the beers and will let you sample before ordering and the food is good. Actually it's a little better than good, but at good prices. The quality hummus plate is loaded with goodies and I couldn't finish it; the nicely crispy, not too greasy crab cakes are great, with chunks of crab; and the tacos are fresh even if the meat was a little bland. I'm going for the burger next time. I'm told the chicken sandwich is good, but I'm still searching for the burger that's as good as I make at home. Despite my descriptions of fairly typical pub food, the menu here has some upscale offerings like puttanesca, duck confit, a farmstead cheese plate and steamers, and I intend to try most of them in the upcoming months. People warned me that it's a popular neighborhood spot and it gets crowded, but there were plenty of tables at 4 on a Sunday and at 4:30 when it opens during the week, which is good, because there aren't that many great pubs in my seven minute diameter. If you ever wonder where I am on Sundays - and I'm sure you wonder all the time - I might be found hanging at the Latona Pub, sipping an ale and contemplating the aged upright piano with the sign that says "Play at your own Risk." It's easy for the hours to slip away because this ain't no uber hip hangout where people glare at you for keeping your table too long, so that's a lot of contemplating. How risky could it be to play the piano?
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,7/11/2008,367,192,41,38,40>Lately, I can't believe how much excitement I'd hear about the Seattle Library. And it was amazing.. IN A TWILIGHT ZONE type of way!When I got there instead of being welcomed by Rod Serling I got saw a group of shady guys loitering outside. Unlike Jay and Silent Bob hanging outside QuikStop I'd rather hang outside a building that looks like this yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS…The structure of the building is amazing. The building looks so out of place downtown that I there's a rumor that a giant girl put together an erector set and placed tiny people in it.  yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS…The Library is 10 floors. You can be smart and use the escalator and elevators but I got lost and took the stairs.The signs said that the 10th floor would give a good view over the city. Compared with Beacon Hill, Magnolia, etc... it didn't compare. But it was interesting. yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS… Out of one eye I did spy a monster at the edge of one of the glass panes but when I screamed but apparently only William Shatner and I were the only people to see it. He mumbled something about seeing it in a plane but come on... This place is filled with levels and levels of books. Walking through the reference section I noticed a business directory of San Francisco dated on from 1914 on.  yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS… I opened the book and searched under "P" for the Power Exchange but contrary to popular belief that Power Exchange was not built during World War I. There is also an incredible amount of computers in the media room. There's a tech there at all times in case you have a problem accessing your yelp account at the library. I spoke with him and Mr. Whipple was really nice!  I don't have a library card as I don't know how to read but someone did point out the confidentiality policy at the library! So for you little perverts you can really say "Look Ma, no porn!"  yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS…Being in such a huge building there is security present at all times. Cameras also are strategically placed in corners on the building to enforce a Rules of Conduct policy. As a responsible adult I did look through the pamphlets  yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS…  and even shared it with other patrons yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS…Incredibly there is also a section for foreign language books. I remember my awesome mother used to take me to the library so she could check out Mandarin books. The section seemed to have many books filled in different languages. I even saw one titled "How To Serve Man" written in some alien language.After seeing a monster and books written by aliens you'd think that I would be safe in the huge children's section. As I walked in there was Talking Tina's cousin... a reindeer head. yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS… As I approached I heard an eerily "My name is the talking reindeer head, and you better be nice to me". I don't know about you but I'm not like that Kojak fool and I ran to the exit.  Near the exit there was the sign of the mysterious "EYE heart you" yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS… . A mysterious girl was standing nearby. Was the monsters from the episode  "Eye of the Beholder" (the episode where the hot girl tries to get facial surgery so she could look like the pig beasts). I didn't want to die but this was the only way out. As I neared the exit I had to turn and look... yelp.com/biz_photos/DtiS… SHE WAS HOT Four Rod Serling Stars (five for the girl)!.*zap*zip* Rod Serling appears"A brief epilogue for concerned parents and yelpers. Of course, there isn't any such place as Aunt T's nor the Power Exchange, and yelpers know there's no door at the bottom of a pool nor the Seattle Library that leads to a secret place. But who can say how real the fantasy world of lonely children can become? For Dfens and Kerrie, the need for alcohol turned fantasy into reality; they found a secret place - in the Yelp Twilight Zone."Get your mind out of the gutter! That was just taken from the last episode from the original Twilight Zone series!
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,7/10/2008,106,122,14,12,13>Ohmuhgawsh.  I'm ready and waiting for a battle royale.  I'd like to see what happens if Sisters European Snacks and Three Girls Bakery were to have a lunch-off.  Who would win?  Would Sisters' foccacia bread give a fiercer "blue steel" than Three Girls' delightful assortment of fresh baked breads?  If Sisters and Three Girls had a dance-off, would Sisters' broader variety of sammich innards pop and lock more rigidly than Three Girls' freshest of fresh ingredients?  If Sisters' Tomato Basil Ravioli Soup were to leg wrassle Three Girls' regular 'ol super bitchin' Tomato Basil Soup, which would flip the other one so tough it'd have a neck cramp for a week?These are all very, very important questions to which I intend to diligently research through a series of stealthy ninja battles and freestyle walking competitions.  Sisters is a serious and wicked competitor.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,7/8/2008,29,45,23,14,15>Dude, I love this place. I can get a guy cut that doesn't make me look like Ward Cleaver or that weird kid from Project Runway at a decent price.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2008,7/7/2008,126,236,18,14,14>I dont see myself purchasing a utliikilt in the near future (or any future for that matter).  But the customer service here and friendliness of the staff is top notch.  I stopped by on a scavenger hunt to try on a kilt.  "Turn around, take off your shoes and belt and pants" said the man. And before I knew it I was wearing a kilt.  Now thats service.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2008,7/6/2008,219,1274,20,14,14>A small but immaculately kept greenhouse with open climate zones that are stabilized by some ingenious airflow system that keeps the moist areas moist and the dry areas dry.(Yes.  I'm aware Yelp women hate the word moist.  Yes, I am aware that I'm saying moist more just to say moist.)It is staffed by volunteers who like their jobs, which adds a pleasant note.Here's a game for you while you're here:  Try to identify the professional photographers from the really well equipped Japanese tourists.PS:  Moist.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,7/5/2008,601,289,14,10,10>Dear Mac & Schmack, It is quite evident that the partnership between the two of you have caused such wonderful creations in food.  Although, i must admit, the food that I have had at your establishment were a little... bland in the past, your happy hour just earned you five stars in what would have been three stars.   The fact that all your fares in your happy hour menu are under six dollars is a deal that cannot be beat.  Furthermore, your riesling was perfectly chilled and poured in the right type of glass.  Perhaps the dish that won me over was your chicken caesar wrap.  Usually the dressing is too heavy and creamy, but yours had the right balance of garlic, buttermilk and dare i say vinegar?  The ratio of the dressing to the greens and chicken was perfect and the tomato basil tortilla shell just made it perfect.  Though i could not eat the entire shell (carbs) it was quite tempting.   One bite of that wrap made me realize why C. Augustus came up with the phrase, "veni, vedi, veci".  Please note that i will be a regular patron of your restaurant and expect each experience to be just as pleasant as my first.  yours forever,r.l.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,7/2/2008,300,256,7,15,13>And now I KNOW why Lark won the James Beard award. For food that elevates fresh, local flavors through exceptional preparation and presentation. I spent four hours basking in their cozy glow at a dinner with some of my best girlfriends. When all of the other Capital Hill biggies were jam-packed with diners, we called Lark in a last ditch attempt at dining and, lo and behold, were reserved and seated immediately upon arrival. Started with three cheeses -- the gorgeous blue Persille de Malzieu, sweet little Ribiolo, and creamy Cirrus. As a cheese lover, I was particularly turned on by the Peresille. A young taste with a grainy texture, it was one of my favorite pieces of a spectacular meal. Service was spectacular. The maitre d, has won all sorts of awards for being the best maitre d in Seattle because of her welcoming attitude. She is beautiful, in body and manner. And our waiter was very engaged - made you feel like he couldn't wait to come back with his hands full of delicious food for you. And the room, split by several floor-length curtains, makes you feel like you've been up and squirreled away to Switzerland. Winner: Hearts of palm salad was a tower of layered baby arugula and hearts of palm slivers, accompanied by slices of juicy satsumas. An esoteric dressing elevated the dish, filled ones mouth with the faint taste of vanilla bean. I know you are wondering how vanilla beans could taste good on a salad. Trust me, the tender palm hearts and Satsuma sweetness were complimented by the vanilla. This isn't Betty Crocker's vanilla - it has a deep, bourbon scent more akin to Betty Paige. Muscovy duck breast on cauliflower puree, veal with mushrooms, pork belly with root vegetables for the larger small plates. Oddly, all of the meats were slightly overcooked. It may have been an off night (another table said they were really overseasoned) but it did taint it a bit. Especially because the plating was so gorgeous, the saucing so good. Because I'm totally a sucker for fois gras we got the seared fois gras, which was melt-in-your-mouth good. IIt came with banyuls vinegar, figs, and grilled bread. If you get dessert, check out the mindblowing lemon tart, followed closely in rank by a quince tarte tatin and chocolate cake. Honestly, I was expecting an average lemon tart, but wow. They married some kickass citrus with sweet vanilla and perfect crust. Chirp, chirp, chirp.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,7/1/2008,5000,240,69,63,70>I really like that I have a great bookstore like Queen Anne Books in my neighborhood!  The people that work here are passionate about books and will bend over backwards to see that you get what you want.  How cool is that?   To the buyer that buys books for the store - you are totally awesome!  I find it refreshing that every time I come in, I always find something interesting on the shelves and end up spending a lot of time browsing.  On my last visit I found a book that I will buy for my niece - Star Wars Pop-Up Book.  Hell, I think I'll have to pick one up for myself!  Come on, who doesn't like pop-up books?I also liked the fact that they had complimentary gift wrapping during the holidays - absolute time saver!Support your local independent bookstore!          _____________________________       I                                                                   I       I                        FICTION                           I       I_____________________________I                   _____________________________________                 I                                                                                     I                 I               STAR WARS POP-UP BOOK                  I                 I____________________________________I __________________________________________________­__I                                                                                                                          II            IDIOT'S GUIDE TO THE KAMA SUTRA:  ILLUSTRATED           II_________________________________________________­___I
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,9/28/2013,1802,206,6,8,13>I adore this place!  I love sitting on their "mezzanine" level next to the books.  It's the perfect spot to eat or drink at en route to or from a Seahawks game, Waterfront or Pioneer Square.  Their menu is short but splendid.  My two favorite dishes are their Mac & Cheese and their Bistro Burger.  They have a well stocked bar.  The seating is limited however (although they have outdoor tables and chairs for the few days of the year where Seattle is blessed with sunshine).  Bar staff is always incredibly pleasant.  So, treat yourself to a real bookstore experience and dine there.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/27/2013,16,131,5,13,9>O...M...M...G...I have to share...I have a problem.  I have a problem where I am a super-sucker for amazing salumi, and if I could, I would go here every day, for every meal, until my heart gave out.  It's that good.I've been a few times, always with a group or date, and I have never had anything less than an amazing experience.  The selection of salumi is outstanding, and the pairing of the wines and other items are great.  I've done the salumi plate, which is a steal, and always get the tiny warm bread things to go with the prosciutto.  With this, I've probably tried everything on the menu, and I can gladly say that there is something for everyone.Whether it's been the bar or a table, I've gotten amazing service and friendly folks to talk with and get recommendations from.  Such a gem, and I'm really grateful that it's joined the neighborhood.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,9/26/2013,202,176,10,13,10>Just had their pork belly with maple syrup with corn cakes. Hands down, the best meal I have ever had.  If I had one last meal on Earth, this would probably be one of them.  We also ordered the special of the week pea vine... And my bf ordered the lamb burger.This is officially one of my favorite places in Seattle.  They have a limited menu, but everything is perfected.  Service was impeccable and the food was absolutely DELICIOUS.  Come here and try their food if you haven't yet.  Seriously. :)
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,9/25/2013,225,121,7,9,9>It's just so lovely!!  How in the heck do they do it!How do you take giant glass rods, turn them into molten glass and then make them into the positively gorgeous works of art that surround the museum and garden?  It simply blows my mind!  There were so many ohhhs and ahhhs that came out of my mouth, that after awhile I needed a glass of water!I did appreciate that we were able to take pictures.  My camera phone couldn't possibly pick up the brilliance of the pieces, but at least it was able to get an idea of what I was looking at so that I was able to share with my husband, who wasn't able to make it. I thought that was neato.  I haven't been to another museum lately that allowed that.The garden is just magnificent!  And I happened to go on a day when the sun was shining (imagine that!).  All the glass looked like it was simply alive.All in all it was a lovely lovely visit.  Well worth the money!
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,9/24/2013,158,182,7,9,7>Be warned, the wait is very long for breakfast and brunch on weekends, but very much worth it.  Parking can be tough when its busy. Service is great. The staff is all smiles and I have yet to see them cranky. They hustle to get things moving at a fast pace weather its getting you seated or taking your order. Food is delicious. Portions are BIG. The only time I can finish my breakfast is if I am hungover. Last time I ate my entire breakfast here I didn't need to eat for the rest of the day. They don't have any alcohol, so brunch with mimosas is out of the question. They do have an espresso machine so you can order lattes and not just drip coffee. The "hash browns" here are my favorite; they use real potatoes and slice them so thin.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,9/23/2013,669,404,5,8,12>I still can't figure this place out, but when I am with the kids and they want to eat out while around Seattle Center this is the place I prefer. They use mostly organic healthy whole foods and present them in fun ways to entice even the most discriminating pallet of toddlers. For adults they have many gluten-free, vegan, and vegetarian options. I like to get the Hum Diggity sandwich which comes with roasted veggies, hummus, greens, and a balsamic glaze. The Eda-Mommy salad is pretty good too, spring greens with edamame, carrots, red pepper, broccoli, and red onion. Hands down the healthiest place to eat inside the Seattle Center Armory.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,9/21/2013,135,199,10,18,11>Gochisousama deshita! Only the highest of praise for this awesome sustainable Sushi bar. Had been meaning to get in here for years and finally went for my birthday with a couple friends who rode the ferry over from the Kitsap Peninsula.  My BFF and I love good sushi and his wife humored us by coming along though she truly enjoyed her meal as well, so bring your non-sushi loving friends as well, there is something on the menu for everyone.  Though I am heartily intrigued with their 3 hour Omakase feast, we selected the shorter and seafood heavy Nora Omakase dinner. Started off with a bowl of Miso which is not part of this meal, but I have to have my Miso before I eat sushi.  We were served a wonderful assortment of sashimi selected from the best fish of the day, another plate of 10 nigiri selections, a grilled white salmon, and a fried brownie with green tea ice cream for dessert.  Also requested to have a pairing of several different Sakes to go with each course. Started with one with great notes of pear and, the second more traditional dry sake, and finally an unfiltered creamy white and sweet sake. I wish I would have written down the names of each of the sakes as they were all fantastic.  Was so much fun to sit right at the sushi bar and watch them prepare everyones' selections.  Will definitely return here, I must block out 3 hours sometime and do the full on Omakase feast next time.EDIT:Forgot to mention how out of this world the white salmon was. Only better tasting salmon I have had was spring run Chinook I caught myself out of Astoria, OR. Nothing better than that, and this was on par.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,9/20/2013,340,758,15,17,14>Dim sum yum yum in my tum tum. It's hard for me to believe I haven't written a review of Jade Garden. This is one of my favorite dim sum joints in the ID. It's not a great idea to eat here on the weekends unless you enjoy hanging in a crowded waiting area for 45-90 minutes. I'm just saying. Even during the week, you should plan on eating during off hours. For instance, I went there today with a group of 6 at 11:30am. We didn't have to wait for a table but it was close to 80% full by that time. If you have a group of 3 or less, you may have the option to share a table with strangers. I've done it before. When I'm hungry, I'm trying to prevent getting hangry (hungry + angry) and will do just about anything to get some food in my mouth. If you want a glass of water, ask for it when they ask you if you want tea. Otherwise, things get busy and you may never get water. Same for forks (someone in my group needed one today) ask when they seat you or eat with your hands. If you want to order something from the kitchen (I always do) order it immediately or you may get it right before you leave. I'm assuming you've been to dim sum before but if you haven't, remember that each dish adds up. Also, if you may not know how to judge the portions. My general rule is two people have to agree to get a dish off the cart. Don't waiver when they ask you if you want something - the answer is YES or NO. Be firm or you'll end up with a bunch of food you don't want. Some of my faves here include: sticky rice, honey walnut prawns, shumai, bao buns, etc. Good food + good price = win. I have always found the service generally responsive (except for the water and fork thing). Carts always bustle by, and bus persons are always taking dishes off your table. This is not a place to hang out. When you're done eating - leave. They don't want you to stay when it's busy and there is likely a riot going on in the front as people wait for tables. Don't go to the bathroom if you are looking for a pristine environment. It's not that pleasant and I recommend holding it. If you need to wash your hands, I recommend carrying hand sanitizer. The food is good and cheap. The bill for 6 of us came to $45 before tip. Amazing! We were all full and enjoyed the meal.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,9/19/2013,145,356,17,12,7>If you have a relative or friend or are you yourself a complete egomaniac and believe the world revolves around yourselves, then go witness the awesomeness of a Boeing airplane as it's assembled at its Everett plant.  You'll feel as small as the fly you just squashed with your hands.The Guiness Book of World Records biggest facility by volume, the Guiness Book of World Records largest mural, the world's fastest/largest/safest/(most expensive, though you'll never hear that from the tour) - airplanes.  That's what Boeing is all about.Start off with a brain washing session - about 8 minutes watching a movie that's neither here nor there.  Get on a bus that goes around the tarmac displaying planes from places we'll never see - Ethiopian Airlines, Qatar Air, Uzbekistan Air.  Like cattle we're herded from one basement freight elevator to another then arrive 3 or 4 flights up to witness the assembly line below.  There's a fair bit of walking, but people with mobility problems are given the option of taking an "alternate" route, (which is unfortunately not going down a plastic tube that spits you out at another end, but rather a golf cart and then a big guy named Sven who carries you from one exhibit to another).When we were there, three 787s were at different stages of completion.  Several things hit me as I witnessed the proceedings - a) much of the process is mechanized and controlled by computers, minimizing the need for workforce; b) the whole production process has been fine tuned with such precision, it was awesome to behold; c) I'm an idiot and out of my element, because half the time I wasn't sure if I was looking at the right place when the guide said, "If you look at the forward aft of the left side of the second plane..."; d) Boeing has a hell of a lot of money to get all this stuff together.  To get a $2 discount on the Gallery and Boeing tour purchase tickets online in advance.BTW, NOTHING is allowed on the tour - no cell phones, no purses, no cameras, no smirks nor anti-Boeing slogans.  Leave them in the car or a locker which is rentable for 4 hours as you enter the facility.  The lack of personal possessions is ironic, because once you enter the waiting area for the tour (the one where you're not supposed to have anything with you) - you have the opportunity to take a picture with Mr. Boeing, the founder of the company.  Once you finish the tour, the bus drops you off at the gift shop, where you can't buy anything, since you don't have your purse.  Well done, Boeing.  Well, done.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/18/2013,242,83,4,15,6>Excellent Northern Thai cuisine. Brings back fond memories of my time in Chiang Mai. We were a party of two and ordered quite a few dishes:- Green papaya salad: very good- Seafood Tom Yum: wonderful balance of flavors and had fish, scallops and shrimps- Grilled salmon over a bed of mango salad: yummy. The mango salad is super tangy so it may be too sour for some palates- Crab fried rice: this is tasty but it is a bit bland. Choose this if you don't do spicy food- Khao Soi - Chiang Mai curry noodles. Very good and quite spicy (how I like it). I don't think you could ask for different spice levels on this one.- Dessert: grilled sticky rice with black bean and taro (or there is an option of black bean and banana). I loved this dish. It is not a fancy dessert - rather it is something like what you would find at a street vendor in Thailand. The young coconut water was refreshing but I wish they didn't sweeten it as coconut water already has a sweetness to it. Service was friendly and the food came out within a reasonable amount of time. It is not cheap but I think most of it was worth it. I might skip the crab fried rice for $18 next time. I will definitely be back.Parking is a pain as usual in that popular area of Ballard so plan accordingly.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,4/22/2014,19,194,6,12,10>Oh Ethan how you tempt me with the promise of steak. In his newest restaurant in his ever expanding empire Ethan Stowell promises nothing but steak and fries but that wasn't even close to the best part of the meal.Red cow is a very cute new place out in Madrona. I admit this was my first time in this neighborhood and it reminded me of a much more upscale Wallingford. The tiny restaurant is very sparsely decorated with high booths, and lots of exposed concrete. This leads to a noisy and bright dining experience. But it does give the place some fun character, however I wouldn't object if they threw some texture on the wall to quiet things down.The service is wonderful. Everyone was extremely attentive, quick, and charming. The hostess was polite even when we tried to sneak into the bar before our reservation. The only thing that was wrong with my evening was the bartender forgot my brandied cherry in my Black Manhattan... I know those things cost like 50 cents apiece and they are delicious! So that made me a little sad.Speaking of the Black Manhattan it was delicious, replacing the traditional vermouth with Averna gave the drink a herbal bitterness that toned down the overt sweetness Manhattans can have. We started our night with 3 samples from their charcuterie menu at $18. The portions were beyond generous! I honestly thought he brought us a double order and was going to charge us $36!Beef Cheek Terrine: Tender (Duh). The horseradish cream gives it some nice spice, which is good because in the quantity they serve it could get bland fast.Foie Gras: Unbelievable. Competes for the best I've ever had in Seattle (that's right Tavern Law). So complex. I tested wicked sweet hints of blackberries and honey. Creamy, yet dense. A absolute must try.Pork Rillette: AVOID at all costs. It was bland, even the fat on top was flavorless. It had a texture of pureed and thickened tuna. Nowhere near what I'd expect for this place.Ribeye (with Compound Butter) and Frites: Holy hell. This thing was huge. I'd say their 16oz estimate was silly low. The butter had a citrus component I wasn't ecstatic about and I felt it lacked salt. But I always feel that way. The ribeye was perfect medium rare, nearly fork tender. The meat had properly rested when I got it so it didn't leak all over my plate. The fries were great. I was hoping for them to be transcendent but that's on me and my lofty expectations. I will say the aioli they came with may very well be the best thing I've ever dipped fries into. Seriously it was fricken amazing.If I could do it again I'd stop by for the Charcuterie and fries and ailoi. Down a cocktail and maybe try the burger. The steak was great, but at the end of the day all it was, was a great steak.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/21/2014,75,125,9,12,9>Asian fusion being one of my absolute favorite food choices, this place ranks pretty high up there. Tucked away in a strip mall at five corners it's easy to miss but hard not to love.I've stopped by for happy our appetizers on a few occasions and they are pretty spectacular. I've had the pork belly tacos, which were flavorful an well done. The green beans were pretty yummy as well. My favorite though, and what keeps me going back is the avacado tempura. Something I'd never have thought of ended up being pretty great.The bartender, a pretty nice guy to look at, also provides friendly and fast service to go with his handsome mug. Always down to suggest a new drink, or something off their menu it's really nice to visit him. Plus, the drink menu is pretty original and unique. Definitely give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,4/20/2014,200,357,9,12,12>Lot No. 3 is one of our go to bars in Bellevue. Unpretentious with a hint of effortless coolness. Lots of cocktail choices from classic to creative (cocktails change often). Tons of craft brews and an impressive collection of whiskey. Upscale comfort food. Nothing on the menu will blow your mind (except possibly the honey baked bacon candy), but all food selections are satisfying and consistently well prepared. How can you go wrong with Meatloaf or Bangers & Mash? My man loves the Chorizo Beer Chili. Very moderately priced, this is my second favorite Heavy Restaurant Group establishment (first love always being Barrio on Cap. Hill).Service is always prompt, attentive and nice, almost as good as your neighborhood dive, but with much better drinks and ambiance.We keep coming back, that tells you something.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,4/19/2014,438,688,6,10,10>I hellza love this place so much.- Turntables in the corner with someone often djing good hip hop, indie, downtempo, and various other quality jamz- Delicious salads. I frequently don't like salad. Tasty homemade dressings and nuts and fruit and fresh ingredients.- Consistently tasty wood-fired pizza. - Rotating local ciders, beer, and wine - with interesting options that aren't at every "we serve rotating brews" place in the city- Friendly, prompt service.- Very reasonable prices for fresh, foodie-style ingredientsI've been here multiiple times prior to writing this review. On a few of those occasions, I entered in a pretty bad mood after a rough day and emerged feeling relaxed and happy. This place is one of my favorite things about my recent move to LQA.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/18/2014,20,190,8,9,10>This place has a fantastic selection of liquor and house made drinks you won't find anywhere else in the city. I especially liked the cotton candy cocktail and the salmon sliders. The bruschetta is a better option if you want something that is small and light.  The house distilled tequila is so smooth and served with a slice of chili pepper to create a bite to it that is excitingly new and not too powerful. The house made vodka was perhaps the best vodka I have ever had! Very smooth and strong. The staff is super friendly and very attentive to your needs and at the same time, they treat you like a regular even if it is your first time. Our server, Erick, made our experience very enjoyable by offering food and drink recommendations to us, contributing to our conversations and joking, all the while maintaining a very professional demeanor. The manager and owner made rounds to make sure everyone was having a good time and asked how they could help. That goes beyond what I expect from most establishments in Seattle and I LOVED IT!
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/17/2014,91,371,6,17,12>Went there for soft opening today and it is my new favorite ramen place in Seattle.I had Tonkotsu White + chicken karaage/salad combo.  I like the idea of add-on combo so you can try out a few things at the same time without ordering too much food.Everything was delicious and they really did the Tonkotsu ramen right.  The ramen came out super hot, served with THIN noodles + milky broth with nice thin sliced pork + toppings.  Obviously the broth was toned down to be less oily and sodium for US market, it is still good just don't expect to be as flavorful and satisfying as the ones (such as Ichiran/Ippudo) in Japan.Service is sufficient and hopefully they can get up to speed to handle the lunch rush in the future.  Also they charge $2.50 for hot tea (if this concerns you) and the place is not very baby strollers friendly since the restaurant is not very big.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,4/16/2014,76,510,9,9,9>Morsel is tasty stuff. I visited twice, for take-out, during a weekday and there was no wait. Biscuits with a spread will run you about $4 while a sandwich will be a a buck or two over that. The biscuits are very reminiscent of the previous occupants of the space, both buttery, flakey, a little crunchy on the outside, and super warm/fluffy inside. They offer a buttermilk and up to two specialty flavors; I've tried the cheddar and herb garlic, yum!Their fixin's/spreads are many, sweet and savory are available. I've tried their tomato, bacon, some kind of berry jam, an apple butter, maple butter, and a few others. They offer about a dozen. I have gone with chef's choice each time and it's been a nice surprise.Otherwise, they provide a full espresso station and have started making their own sodas! And seem to regularly introduce new items to their store, such as syrups, popsicles, and desserts.The two guys working there are super fun and friendly. They're having a great time working and you get caught up in that too!I would very much like to be able to sit down and order one of their sandwiches soon.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/15/2014,204,230,11,15,13>This is a fabulous location and I am so irritated with myself for never having tried it before, and surprised that it has been around for 15 years!! And to think I used to live across the street too! I think I had the impression it was just a wine bar with food not worth discovering. WRONG IMPRESSION. Went here with the sibs for a birthday dinner for my little bro, whose sole criteria was seared foie. With the closure of Rover's, we had to think outside our normal go-to. My older bro and partner quickly suggested Harvest Vine as the obvious alternative. I was most excited about foie and also excited about the tapas format, what with being Asian and the sharing format being what feels most natural (because I can try lotso stuffs but not be committed to anything).The service was spectacular and the waiter had impressive suggestions for the wine selections to pair well with our dish choices. We started with gambas (seared prawns) and seared scallops. They were both delicious. The scallops were encrusted with crispy bits of jamon - oh so tasty. Then we ventured into the dishes with red wine -- button mushrooms, chorizo con chocolate, and spinach.  Nom nom nom. Everything was spectacular, but the mushrooms were probably my fave but you're talking about a girl who can probably eat just mushrooms the rest of her life. It was a generous portion perfectly marinated to pull out the earthiness of the shrooms. We ended the savory portion of the outing with two portions of foie. They were perfectly seared and I need me some more right now. Finally we had dessert. Butternut squash ice cream and flan. Nothing to complain about there either! So if you're like me and have driven by it for years without a second thought, you should one day just stop, pop in, and try it. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,4/14/2014,202,176,10,16,15>I honestly did not expect much prior to coming here, but my bf and I wanted to check it out anyway.  We came here on a Friday night and there were quite a few people inside.  We sat in the bar.  Service from our waiter was great. He was attentive but not in your face.  My bf ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and I ordered the nachos with chicken.  His dish came with a salad which was delicious! He really enjoyed his spaghetti.  I tasted the meatball and it was a little mushy for my taste, but he liked it.  My nachos plate was HUGE!!!! Seriously! And it was happy hour (3-6, 9-midnight) so it was only $5! +$2 for the meat. The cheese was melted perfectly and the picco de gallo was delicious. However, I only wish they were a little more generous with the picco de gallo... It was very sparse.  The chicken was like all white breast meat I believe... So it was dry.  The drinks we ordered were not stiffed at all! They aren't chinsy on the alcohol... That's for sure.. Overall, a great place in Tacoma to check out for drinks and food without breaking the bank.  I liked the ambiance of the bar, too.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,4/13/2014,458,139,10,19,16>This place is amazing!The rustic southern setting, the food, the cocktails,  the music! What better way to enjoy dinner serenaded by the sounds of Armstrong, Goodman, Fitzgerald and all that olden jazz! So much character, I was charmed upon my arrival. It's like dining in a speakeasy. Expect a wait during peak hours as there are no reservations. We've waited over 30 minutes each time but it's worth it. Everything I've ordered have been pure goodness. The fried chicken was probably the best fried chicken I've ever had. Perfectly crispy on the outside, not overly battered, juicy in the inside and  has the perfect cajun flavor. I literally said "omg" after every bite.I've ordered the fried chicken a few times and I still want more. The crab cakes a were absolutely amazing!  I had no idea I liked collard greens until I had theirs. The catfish was also delicious. Red beans and rice were great as expected. Same goes with the cheesy grits. As for the corn bread, it was also the best corn bread I've ever tasted. I thought I knew good soul food my entire life, but apparently I've been living a lie. I will save room for the red velvet cake next time as I hear they are to die for.
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,11/29/2013,364,464,2,36,15>I walked in here on a Saturday morning at 11 to get a massage from Melissa. I was quite happy with the appointment process where I called to inquire if I could get a same day appointment and was given one.Melissa did an excellent job at finding all the muscle knots, doing a few tricks to help relax my fatigues shoulders(bad posture there) and also played some great music in the background. This spa is not over the top fancy but quite real and efficient and sort of more contemporary and fun. The playlist I was referring to is a compilation of the music that people who work in the spa like. The pressure put by Melissa was just right and if you are looking for something delicate, this is not what you will get. I almost fell asleep towards the end due to how relaxed I felt. Before I left, I was talking to Melissa about available facials as I badly needed one.She spoke to the receptionist and viola I got another same day appointment as someone had cancelled. The massage was with Jessica who used these amazing Eminence products from Hungary. They not only smell awesome but feel so good on your skin. Spa Noir is one of the first salons in the country to use and sell their products. My skin feels wonderful and it's been more than a week. Jessica also gave me several samples and I bought a night cream that is doing wonders to the magic she worked on my skin. Already scheduled my next with her.Prices are reasonable for the quality of service. Will be coming back for more days of pampering and relaxation.Thanks Melissa and Jessica.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,11/28/2013,154,223,7,9,9>Hands down, Calozzi's has the best cheesesteaks in town!I have yet to come here and go "Eh, it was pretty ... alright."  NO.  That does NOT happen.  I've been to all of their locations - first their location in Pioneer Square, then when they moved near the convention center, and now their Georgetown location - and I have never been disappointed!  The loud clanging to mince the cheesesteaks - it just makes me smile.  I can't hear diddly squat over it, but that's perfectly okay.  In fact, it's probably better that way since it probably drowns out the "Mr. Grinch" theme song to match that mischievous little grin I get on my face.  Order it "wit" onions.  Unless you're deathly allergic.  In which case, I'm SO SORRY!  Even at that, do you have your epipen with you?  It just might be worth it.  Maybe.  Your call, dude :P  Also, I should address some of the complaints I've seen in some of the reviews.1) If you want more cheese, ask.  There is no extra charge for extra cheese.  I'm having a hard time remembering the last restaurant that didn't charge me for extra cheese .. oh wait, Altaye.  That's the kind of awesome service you get with small restaurants like this!  2) If you want a half a sandwich, order it even if you don't see it on the menu.  Tada!  Food/calorie guilt problem solved.3) If you're upset they're out of Salumi's pepperoni for their Roni sandwich, don't be mad at Calozzi's.  That's Salumi's fault (though really, don't fault them for being SO DANG AWESOME!).  Salumi's has to be very strict about dividing up their supply to support the local businesses, and they put limits on what businesses can order.  It's the same reason Pagliacci Pizza is seemingly always out of Rosmarino Salami.  I know, it makes me a sad panda too, but Calozzi's other sandwiches are awesome too!Above all of that, Al Calozzi is an incredibly affable and business savvy owner.  He makes everyone feel incredibly welcome!  He's also a very generous man.  He kindly donated some gift certificates for a charity event I hosted, and it was greatly appreciated (and unexpected!)To give this place anything short of 5 stars says you aren't truly familiar with all they have to offer.  You can pretty much disregard all the non-5-star reviews :PThis place is located on the outer edge of a former small motel lodge.  It's a great place to go grab a quick lunch while you're in the Georgetown area.  Divey?  Sure, maybe the neighborhood and motel lodge presence is a little bit divey.  The owner has taken great care of trying to fix the place up and make it presentable and cozy.  But don't you dare knock the food.  It's undeniably great!  If you disagree, I can't trust your opinions - be gone!  Just be glad you don't have to fight downtown traffic and parking to get yourself a great sandwich!  The downtown location is great if you're in town for a convention like PAX, but the Georgetown location is great if you want to avoid the downtown mess or maybe go to Costco.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,11/27/2013,313,498,2,4,2>I know everyone complains that you can't find good burritos in Seattle.  But, hey, have you tried TNT Taqueria?  It is a my go-to for good burritos (as well as tacos or tamales) when I have a craving.   Just look for the bright yellow spot on 45th in the Wallingford neighborhood. Even during lunch hour, you can usually find street parking easily enough within 1-2 blocks and it's usually 1 hour parking so you don't even have to feed the meter!The carne asada or al pastor are my favorites for meat choices. What's also nice is their menu lists where they source their protein.  It's nice to know that their chicken is from Draper Valley farms, their beef is grass-fed cattle and so forth.  And if meat is not your thing, they have vegetarian options. If you like spicy, DEFINITELY ask for sauce.  Don't forget to save room for their fresh made churros! For fall, they have pumpkin spice churros, but honestly, I couldn't tell the difference because the flavor was so subtle. But, still, they were delicious!!
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/26/2013,200,531,10,12,11>The best hot pot I've had in the area, so far. (I'm not claiming to be an expert).  The broth was definitely flavorful and although it does get diluted over time, it was less noticeable because the broth started off so well-seasoned.  And for $13/person, I thought it was a good deal.    I'm pretty picky when it comes to hot and sour soup, but the one here was passable and the Kung Pao Tofu was really enjoyable too. Like most places in the International District, parking is a bit difficult and the establishment is on the smaller side (I'm not sure how well they accommodate larger groups) but the service was great and I would definitely come back.***On a side note, they actually have a website with a menu to look at beforehand.  That's extra points in my book.***
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/25/2013,172,264,14,16,15>How dare you, Pie Bar! I'm going to blame any future weight gain on this delicious little gem. Came here with a Yelp bar crawl and there are so many things to rave about. First, I love the decor. Even the bathroom was beautiful. I didn't realize it right away, but one of the sister-owners was bartending, so she told me they'd designed the place themselves. Impressed! The space is quite small, so don't come with a large group, but they accommodated our fairly large group quite well early on a Friday night. I tried the recommended pecan pie-tini, which is dipped in a pie crust rim and tastes like heaven. When we popped back in with the full group, we were able to snag a couple tables in the back corner away from the bar. I tried the strawberry champagne cocktail which was fresh, bubbly, and a perfect summer sipper. I also had the beef pie, which is a large slice accompanied by an arugula, beet, and feta salad with balsamic. I dislike two out of the three ingredients, but it paired quite well with the pie and I finished every bite. Pie itself is flaky crust, delicious and rich. It was the perfect balance of meat to veggie, and although a tad pricy, worth every penny.I also got to try bites of the desserted island and apple crumb. These girls know their pie. Great combos, wonderful selection. I LOVE the check out method-- swipe your card on an ipad, you select the tip percentage, sign with a finger. Easy! Don't make drunk Trisha do math! I am enamored, and the sweet, local owner really made this a great first (of many) visit.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,11/24/2013,167,645,3,8,7>Yoroshiku is a relatively new Japanese restaurant in Wallingford, where we now have Miyabi, Issian, Musashi, Kozue, and Yoroshiku all occupying the same stretch of 45th St.  Their angle is slightly different in that they do not offer sushi and the owners are from the Northern island of Hokkaido.  There were a lot of familiar items on the menu such as yakitori, but also more regional dishes such as zinggis khan (Genghis Khan), which is BBQ lamb.  There menu is more limited for lunch but I was able to try another item which Hokkaido is famous for, and that is miso ramen.  I really enjoyed the version here - a complete umami bomb with an unctuous broth and topped with pork, bamboo shoots and corn (love the corn!), and definitely better than the version at Samurai Noodle.  Love the clean and modern space too, although it is a bit on the small side.   I will definitely come back for dinner to try some of the grilled and fried items as well (unfortunately, not available during lunch), but if I had to rate the place on ramen alone, it's 5 stars!
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,11/23/2013,141,91,7,11,10>It's not easy for me to say a particular restaurant is my 'favorite' for anything, but I have little hesitation in saying that Shiro's sushi is the best sushi I've had in Seattle thus far.  My friend introduced me to this place, with the tag line "this is the sushi place that Ichiro comes to."  That selling point probably has less appeal nowadays, but after eating here the first time, you could tell me that "this is the sushi place Ted Cruz comes to" and that wouldn't even stop me.The fish is at its highest quality, and if you want to spend a little more money and go omakase, you could leave your complete faith in the chef, knowing that he'll give you the best nigiri/sashimi.  They even throw in a deep fried prawn's head that you can devour whole.  The hamachi kama (yellow tail collar) is fatty and well broiled.  Their black cod, which they claim is NY Times rated, is also an all star on the list.  Don't waste your time here with typical roll dishes you might get at one of the conveyor belt places...take a little risk and have things that you might have some hesitation to try, in general (e.g., sea urchin).  I guarantee that the quality alone will put your reservations to rest.One caution is that you might want to set a reservation, as I've never had success getting seated promptly by showing up without one.  There's not much of a waiting area either, so you'll just be standing there, looking pretty creepy as you stare at everyone's table and drool.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/22/2013,49,294,6,9,7>I found my wedding dress here -- YEEHAW!  Can you tell I'm excited?!?This place has the largest selection of any of the bridal shops I went to.  If I were to guess I would say they had 100 choices or more.  The prices here were fabulous as well and I'm positive you can find something in your budget! The fitting rooms were spacious and the staff was helpful in answering any questions.  The best part about this shop is they only help if you ask.  There are no hard pressure sales here at all.  Your friends can help you into the dresses and clamp you up, but again staff can assist if you want.  Did I mention no appointment needed??!  Only need to pay 50% of your dress up front if you want to purchase.They have a nice selection of veils, belts and hairpieces you can try on as well to accessorize your dress.  They let you take pictures, and they even let us celebrate with some champagne (that we brought)!  How awesome is that.  There is ample street parking and this place was really easy to find.  They only specialize in wedding dresses, so you will not find any bridesmaids dresses here if you were wondering.  I would highly recommend this shop to anyone....so yeah you, reading this, you're obviously in need of a dress and or know someone looking....so GO!
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,11/21/2013,168,146,5,12,6>Let Penelope Pamper You.Penelope & The Beauty Bar is nestled inside the Fairmont Hotel. When you walk in, you'll feel like you've entered a secret hideaway carved into the side of mountain in Santorini.  Everything is white and tranquil. You'll immediately be greeted by the receptionist to check in to your appointment, where you can grab a Seattle Chocolate - be careful, these are addictive. Then they will walk you upstairs to change into a robe before seating you in the lounge. Sip on cucumber/lemon water or hot tea (various kinds) while you are waiting. You'll feel very zen. You're beauty specialist will come out to greet you and take you back into this labyrinth of rooms before you indulge in your treatment.The beauty bar has a variety of services. I've tried their massages and waxing. I'm hooked on their waxing services because they offer both sugar and hard waxes. They are also willing to let you try both so you can see which one you prefer. p.s. You can valet park at the Fairmont and they will give you a discounted rate (approx $12+ tip) or you can try to find street parking, which can be tough.p.p.s. They have one room for a couples massage.p.p.p.s  They frequently offer groupon/ living social/ amazon local deals - keep your eyes open because they are worth it.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,11/20/2013,519,323,8,13,10>This review is based solely on my Sunday brunch experience here this past weekend.  A friend and I decided to try it out since we needed something to eat in Bellevue late morning.  The inside of the restaurant was warm, modern, yet rustic.  We sat in a comfy curved booth for two in the loft area.  We each decided to try the Pork Belly Benedict and the Veggie Benedict.  I got a side of the candied bacon with my VB.  The service was great.  We were seated right away and our food came right when it should have. My Veggie Benedict was perfect.  The English muffins they were served on tasted house made.  They were buttery and delicious.  The eggs were poached to perfection, and the veggies were zucchini and tomato.  They were the perfect balance to the rich egg, bread, and hollandaise.  The piece of candied bacon was only $1.50 and the perfect little sweet and salty bite added to the dish.  It was a little overcooked and hard to cut, but still quite delicious.  Each dish had a side of breakfast potatoes. They were just ok, and a few were a little under cooked.  I prefer my potatoes to be crispy on the outside, and these were not at all.  The seasoning was good though, and I still ate them.Overall I feel the value for brunch is pretty good. Our Benedicts were $13 and $12, and the candied bacon $1.50 for one nice sized piece.  I would definitely return for brunch, and am curious about dinner here as well.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,4/11/2010,117,98,7,14,11>Oh. Em. Gee.I stopped in after getting my hair done by the fabulous Michael at the Sean Statton Salon for a warm cup of Earl Grey Tea.I was greeted by the sweetest redhead (at least I remember her as a redhead) who eagerly poured me a delicious and strong cup of loose-leaf Earl Grey. Then, I saw them. The cupcakes. They looked so light and fluffy that I almost thought they were hovering above their plates, the frosting practically begging to be eaten. It was then I decided I had to try one, especially after my mediocre experience at Trophy. The employee answered all my annoying questions thoroughly and thoughtfully, helping me decide on the Peppermint Bark variation. It. was. heaven. So delicious, moist, and delicately balanced. Perhaps a little too minty for my tastes but hey, it was that kind of day. I lingered, sipped, and chatted with the employee & what I assumed to be the owner, who are quite frankly the nicest people I've encountered in a long time. I'll most certainly be sending my friends, family, and clients here when they are in the Belltown area craving an indulgent treat.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,4/10/2010,207,130,10,17,14>My wife and I went back here for Valentine's Day, and it was as good as before.  They didn't do the "special V-Day menu" thing (which tends to be over-priced for mediocre food), but did add a "romantic cocktails" list.  I had a couple of those -- the second one, which was a sage margarita, was particularly refreshing.Once again, they really like to vary the vegetables in their dishes, particularly in their salads and appetizers.  In just our salad course alone, we got a bit of salsify, mache, black trumpet mushrooms, and quinoa.  The appetizer, which we split, was ricotta gnudi, over a balsamic, red-onion reduction, with a slight hint of truffles.  We devoured it.My wife had the pasta bolognese, and I had the seared scallops.  The pasta bolognese went particularly well with my sage maragarita.  As for the seared scallops, it reminded me of why people like scallops -- it had a great crust and, more importantly, a nice scallopy-shrimpy flavor, with a sweet finish -- and the butter fondue sauce complement it perfectly.  It's been a very long time since I had scallops done as well as that.In between, we had a couple of courses of amuses bouches again -- this time a little crostini of pate and plum chutney, and later an espresso cut of warm squash soup, topped with olive oil.It's worth going, and is particularly good as a place to take a date who loves good food.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,4/9/2010,103,174,23,17,17>I took my old lady to this place this weekend. I'd been talking up the Maria Elena sandwich for a few weeks now and decided it was time to show her the goods. We started off with an order of the Hongos appetizer, then we had that infused vodka tasting thing, and then we each had a Maria Elena sandwich.And she was impressed. Really impressed.You know what happens to dudes that impress their girlfriends by taking them to good restaurants, Meza?They get laid.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,4/8/2010,431,844,4,10,9>We are rarely on the east side.  Traffic across the water is always a bloody headache and quite frankly, not worth the effort.  So when we found ourselves in Kirkland on a Tuesday night (tickets to the Kronos Quartet at the Performance Centre), I researched area restaurants.  A few contenders emerged but we settled on Trellis for several reasons:  their menu, affiliation with the Heathman Hotel and proximity to the venue itself.  Truthfully we've never stayed at the Kirkland property but have stayed often at their hotel in Portland.  If you are in the area, it's worth the dosh to stay there.  Anyway, our evening at Trellis began with a little confusion.  There was no valet outside the hotel so I circled the block and called the front desk.  The desk agent instructed me to pull up in front of the doors and someone would come out to greet me.  I maneuvered my way back around to the hotel's entrance and sure enough, someone popped out to meet us.  Ironically it was the front desk agent that gave me the instructions.  He took my keys from me along with my name and showed us the way to the restaurant.We headed inside to a very friendly hostess and generally all around friendly staff.  The menu stated that their Executive Chef (Brian Scheehser) practiced sustainable farming in his five acre garden.  It went onto say that he grew many of the fresh ingredients featured on the menu.  When able, their items would support artisan farmers, foragers, and ranchers who shared their vision of the "farm to table" dining experience.There were four of us and we were hungry.  We ordered two starters (orange flatbread + the gnocchi), three entrées (hanging tender steak, tagliatelle + flat iron steak) and one side (glazed beets with fried sage).  It was more than enough food and the gnocchi was enough to serve as the main dish for one of my companions.  Take a look at my photographs, the presentation was gorgeous with every bite flavourful!  My boyfriend loved their orange flatbread and joked he could have easily ordered two more as his meal for the night.  I could have done with more beets for the price but they were excellent and that fried sage on top was too tasty! Someone made mention of the pricing but they also chose the $30.00 main courses for everyone in their party.  Our bill came to under $100 without tax or tip, not including two mixed drinks from the bar.  It was definitely pricier-than-our-usual-places and not an-everyday-occurrence.  I decided to give them five stars because they excelled at what they proclaimed to do.  There were no complaints about the food only a bit of grumbling about the price tags.  I think if we had another event at the Performance Centre, we'd check out the bar with their small plate special during happy hour (4-6 p.m.) to save on money but not lose quality.One final mention of something that slightly rankled me.  After our performance we walked back to the hotel to retrieve my car from valet.  My boyfriend went inside to request the car and the valet returned outside to double check my name.  I confirmed it with him as well as the car model.  The valet paused and then went on to tell us the valet stand was actually in another location and would we mind going there?  I am normally easy going but isn't the purpose of valet to pay someone to get your car and bring it BACK to you?  My left knee, still on the mend after my rainy day slip in the garage, was cranky.  I politely told him that I was the driver and I'd prefer not to have to relocate because of my knee.  He returned moments later but there was something about his demeanour that said he was irritated that we didn't comply with his somewhat chiding request.  I'm not going to remove a star for the valet incident because that reflects more on the hotel than the restaurant itself.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,4/7/2010,212,249,18,21,21>I'm not really into mosh pits.  In fact, I kind of hate them.  It's survival of the fittest, man... 4 minutes until I can breathe again because I haven't had an elbow to my skull.  And the kids shoving each other around aren't even paying attention to the BAND!  Did the singer change the lyrics?  Did they do a mean guitar lick over the bridge?  What is my band DOING up there?? These idiots wouldn't even know, they're so busy pushing each other and going in back first.  However I like to be close to the stage, so at our last Neumo's concert, Jenny and I were the girls on the edge of the mosh pit thinking "PLEEEEEASE, please don't hit me" (right in front of the regular people).  It was actually kind of funny.. the couple in front of us looked so sweet and normal, both short with glasses.  Jenny and I looked at each other and said, "Nah, they're not moshers, we're okay".  Then once the headliner started, they neatly put their glasses away and started throwing their bodies around!!  FUNNY!The only injury I sustained was a circular blue bruise on my foot from some crazy girl who needs to put those tattooed boobs awayyyy.ANYWAY... I digress.  This has nothing to do with Neumo's.  (so don't base your review on Neumo's if the venue is crowded--it's a sold out show, weirdo--or the moshers; you have every right to back up.)  If your favorite band is playing here, GO.  We had a great time.  **Bars upstairs and downstairs (Moe Bar).  Upstairs has a great area with a couch (which needs to be replaced though, hello 1970s) and tables and booths.  Bartenders are very quick.**Two or three different entrances, so they're FAST getting you in.**Lighting from BEHIND the band -- ooooh!!**Sound was awesome (Alkaline Trio concert).**Upstairs in the bar, you can look over and watch the show.  Many people hung out up there and watched from above.**You could tell the band loved the venue and Seattle crowd by onstage banter.Tips:1) Get your tickets will call.  The line was much, much shorter... as in, five people long, and the line for ticket holders was wrapped around the building.2)  Bring a bottle of water.  It can get hot in there, and you don't want to get dehydrated.  It IS nice, however, that whenever the new band sets up to go on (we had 2 openers and headliner), the side door opens with a big gush of cold air which feels amazing.  It's much cooler in here than, say, El Carazon.  (Also, you can use said bottle of water and pour it on the head of a mosher who dares to touch you.)3)  Go EARLY so you can beat the crowd, get a drink, and stand where you want to.4)  Take notice of the awesome security team, who are extremely quick at cutting through the crowd and yanking down crowd surfers; it's a sight to see -- oh, he's up, WHOA he's pulled back down.  These guys are kick ass dudes.It is the perfect venue to enjoy your band of choice, save for the sweaty moshers.  But I suppose even they were enjoying themselves, which isn't possible in the basement of their mother's house.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,4/6/2010,15,100,8,16,8>In my raised-in-Tokyo opinion, Maneki is Seattle's best Japanese restaurant -- and I've tried very nearly all of them!  Traditional and authentic Japanese food fills their menu, with expertly prepared options like Tonkatsu, Sukiyaki and Yakitori -- not commonly found in the other 'sushi house' Japanese restaurants Seattle's so saturated with.  It's clear that Maneki focuses not only on a high quality of ingredients (the Tonkatsu, for instance, features solid and hearty pieces of pork cutlet), but also on careful preparation in every dish.  This is not to suggest Maneki doesn't also offer a variety of excellent sushi -- it does.  The sushi is fresh and skilfully prepared, in large portions.  Still, for me the main draw of Maneki is its traditional Japanese dishes.  Each one I've tried, from the Tonkatsu to Sukiyaki to Yakisoba, Yakitori, Karaage and more, takes me right back to my favorite restaurants in Tokyo neighborhoods like Meguro, Shibuya, Roppongi... it's a pleasure to have a real Japanese restaurant in Seattle, particularly one with as much history as Maneki (dating back to 1904).Take it from one who grew up on the stuff:  Maneki's authentic, homestyle Japanese food is simply Seattle's best.A tip:  make reservations!  Maneki sometimes books out every table before even opening for dinner, so it can be quite a wait if you're walking in off the street.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,4/5/2010,100,116,6,9,10>**They accept Cards now**oh.my.goodness.Came here after gorging myself at Cedars for dinner with friends, and I most definitely found room in my stomache to eat a single serving (two scoops. two BIG scoops!) of Salted Caramel.Now, I love ice cream. I do. But I'm kinda a ice cream snob, cause the grocery bought stuff is usually chalky tasting to me and I hate chocolate ice cream, cause it doesn't taste like real chocolate, but man the stuff at Full Tilt is delicious. I polished off my Salted Caramel all by myself, I was never that good at sharing... but I did allow my friends to taste it. They thought it was too salty, but they also were eating regular sweet flavors then trying mine, so yeah it would taste super salty then. I tried some of theirs, the Birthday Cake was good, the Mint Chip was ridiculously good (kinda jelaous I didn't get that flavor too), the Blue Moon was really good (Described as citrus, vanilla and spice, but tastes like Fruit Loops), I was kinda disappointed they didn't have Memphis King on hand for me to try but oh well, just gives me an excuse to come out again. I did sample a bite of the Ube (sweet potato) and it was a different/unique flavor, probably something I would only get one scoop of though. Definitely cramped with 8 people in there....They did have Ms Pac Man, that's neat. The guy working was nice and helpful also. Great prices too, $3 for the single/2 scoops! Also they had an espresso machine there so looks like you can enjoy a nice latte with your ice cream if you wish.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2009,4/4/2010,118,88,10,11,13>One of *the best* tasting sandwiches I have had the privilege of stuffing in my mouth. Ever. As the foodie angel choir sang, I savored every bite of this stunning masterpiece. My recommendation to you? Get the Flank Steak sandwich. It comes with expertly seasoned meat, grilled portobello, caramelized onions, bleu cheese, chimichurri and mixed greens on country french or whole grain - and the flavors are excellent. The Moroccan slaw (grated carrots/raisins/seasoning) was the icing on the cake. Everything tasted so fresh, and I didn't feel that familiar food baby swelling up after finishing, like I get after eating at *Cuban Sandwich Heaven. I also ordered a glass of red, which was a healthy pour and paired quite well, if I do say so. Eating local feels good and tasted delicious! Homegrown will be my Seattle summer sandwich saviour.*Yeah, you know which one I'm talkin' about!
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2009,4/3/2010,288,254,14,16,12>I've been here once for a massage and, of course, to use the spa facilities. The massage was quite good (I don't remember the therapist's name). I had seen the photos on their web site and read all the reviews before I went but I was still a bit shocked at how small the place is. There is a hot tub, a steam room, a sauna, cold shower, and shower area all sort of crammed into one area and that's it. Oh and the toilet is separated from the shower by a curtain, which is not really the ideal situation. The "locker room" is pretty much a small area next to the lockers. There is a cabinet serving as a partial dividing wall and the relaxation area (which fits two people) is on the other side of that, so you can see the women laying down there. I'm not sure I'd make use of that space because it's got to be distracting when people come in to change and stuff, and it's really small.Once you get over the shock of the size of the place, it's pretty good. The place is kind of dark (basement, no windows) but clean. They really reinforce the quiet policy so I think that's a great excuse to go there sans friends and have some alone time to relax and not chat. Price is right and people there were generally nice.Kinda wish there were something in between the size/price of Olympus and this place. A bigger place in the $12 - $20 range would be awesome. As an FYI, in Canada our public funds go to community aquatic centers that usually have 1-3 pools (baby pool, recreational pool, lap pool), hot tub, steam room, sauna, and gym/weightroom. Admission about $5. Ditto for indoor skating rinks. But I guess public facilities like this here would just be considered "socialist," eh? I sure miss them. Wanna see? vicdavies.com/project016…
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,4/2/2010,615,1175,6,9,9>Believe it or not, this is my 500th review.  Can you believe it?  I have written 500 yelp reviews and I don't see an end in sight!  I just loving reviewing things too darn much.  Anyway, I thought for my 500th review that I would review a place that is completely worthy of five stars: Central Market.To be perfectly honest, I almost never visit this store because I live in Ballard but eventually I plan to move further north (most of my friends are up in this area anyway) and I have a feeling that when I do I will frequent Central Market quite often.This place is like a dream come true.  A absolute food paradise.  I could go on and on about the fresh and local produce, selection of cheese, gigantic wine selection, fresh seafood and meat, expansive health and wellness area, large bulk foods section, and huge specialty foods sections (Indian, Asian, Hispanic, Vegetarian, Vegan, etc).  Everywhere you turn, there's just great quality items.  Everything from good sushi to a fresh deli/salad bar to live crabs and lobsters.  I can spend hours in this store just browsing and finding new amazing things to try.Last time I visited this store with my friend, we spend nearly a half an hour in the candy aisle, perusing the different chocolate bars and candies available.  We ended up coming away with some pretty phenomenal items, like stone-ground Mexican chocolate.The staff here is always very friendly and willing to help with any questions you may have.  I've never met a person here who didn't seem to enjoy working at this store.Sure, prices are a bit high.  But you are paying for high quality, great selection, and overall fantastic items and I feel it is worth every penny.Central Market is definitely a must-shop location.  It's everything you could imagine in a fantastic, well-stocked grocery store.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,2/27/2007,164,541,2,10,7>Not nearly as big and daunting as its larger sibling on pill hill, Swedish Ballard has all the resources of a huge hospital with that small town feel.  My daughter was born here so my experience is mainly with the birth center which is excellent.  They deliver as many babies in a year as the main campus does in a month.  As a result I think we got more of a personal treatment.  It wasn't a ship them in and ship them out sort of feeling.  They were kind, courteous and professional.  Their birthing rooms were, large and very comfortable.  Try the milk shakes they are great!
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,2/26/2007,44,119,4,4,3>Well now...  This is one of those places I think I could develop a very unhealthy love for.We went here for lunch last week and it was great!  I was a bit unsure at first (looked a bit sketch/possibly unsanitary...halfway expected my lunch to come skittering around the corner in a brave escape attempt), but ordered my #56 - spicy chicken (not too spicy, but nice and saucy), chicken katsu (crispy and moist), and fried rice with a fried egg on top.  The boys got pretty much the same except Art got macaroni salad with his.  Yum YUMMM!The portions are RIDICULOUS!!!  There was plenty left for lunch the next day.  I only knocked off the one star cos I thought the dining area could be cleaner, and Dan swallowed a miscellaneous item that had apparently been floating in his water glass (but hey, that could happen anywhere...right?)...  oops!  Ah well...  better him than me!I'm certain I'll be back, but in future... it'll be take-out only!
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2007,2/25/2007,35,53,15,9,14>To bed perchance to sleep, to sleep perchance to ache; Ay, there's the rub; For a pit of mattress Whence pains did come;As we lay near mortally on errant coils,Did send us seeking more supportAt reasonable price, and from local store;So did we sit on bed after bed for a time,And found this shop worthy, with service exemplary...
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2007,2/24/2007,221,213,4,4,5>Erik and I rang in the new year here, and it was super fun! I can't believe I'd never visited this place. We were downtown with tentative plans to hit up the Noc Noc, got to the door and they wanted a $20 cover. Uh, no. I enjoy the Noc Noc, but that's the place you go for cheap cover and even cheaper drinks. So I said we should go the Whisky Bar. We get to the door and the guy asks for only our ID's, no cover! I was pretty tipsy at this point, but I think I remember the door guy as being nice and flirty even. We walked in to the awesome sound of GNR...then Billy Idol...then tons of other awesome shit! This is totally the kinda bar I want to frequent with good tunes and cheap beer. Sometimes cheap ass beer really hits the spot, and there's something about listening to rockin' music very loud that goes very well with drinking cheap beer. Or maybe that's just the kinda gal I am. Everyone who was working last night seemed really nice and to really be enjoying what they were doing. It's pretty cozy here, not real big, but just right. I think the set-up is great, with the bar in the middle and tables  around the bar lining the walls, when you're seated in the back like we were, you have a great view out the huge front window. It's kinda nice to be all nice and cozy inside looking at what's going on outside. There's one pool table and it was in constant use. It's also pretty cheap. It's either a $1 or 50 cents, I don't know but all I saw was one of those things you put your quarters in and push in. Whatever, $1 is pretty cheap for pool.So, here's how it breaks down: cheap beer + awesome LOUD music + cool people (staff and customers) + cheap pool + clean restrooms = a place I will go to again and again for good times.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,2/23/2007,120,419,19,8,11>Loaf of bread, container of milk, and a stick of butta.  Loaf of bread, container of milk, and a stick of butta.  Remember that from Sesame Street? Well, I had a few things on my list, but those were all on there.A few years ago, this was the first PCC I'd ever gone to. It's full of yuppies who want to be hippies.  Buying from local farms really does make a difference and this is by far the nicest of the PCC's I've been to.  AND it's right next to Costco, so you can totally pick up 100 rolls of toilet paper and the 24 pack of Kraft Mac n' Cheese while you're there to balance out your Karma.This store is out of control expensive. It was $7 for butter. But I gotta say, you get what you pay for here.  The produce is fantastic, they have everything I ever want for organics, including a nice bulk section, every kind of fake soy meat made, and a big juice bar. Plus the deli stuff tastes better than Whole Wallet's food.   Also, I got some strawberries in January that gave my mouth little orgasms. You should totally check it out... I heard the bananas are good and firm.Love me some $6 Loaf of bread, $5 container of milk, and a $7 stick of butta.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2007,2/22/2007,0,0,7,5,5>Regal best describes this place. They have the grand entrance at the front of the building and is worth walking around the side from the parking lot to get the full "these cupcakes rock" experience. I got in line behind four or five women and got the feeling that at any moment it was going to break out in fisticuffs as the chocolate cupcakes were dissapearing fast. But, danger was averted as one lady offered up one of her triple chocolates. The other woman paused but ultimately accepted the offering and peace reigned. *whew*They have little 1" buttons by the register too. A nifty alternative to mints or candies.I tried the carrot one and it is just an explosion of  goodness worthy of my oft heralded but rarely seen "yummy dance".
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,2/21/2007,191,70,7,6,7>[Gazing at the Wall o' Guitars]Dude: "Can I help you find something"Jon L: "I'm looking for a guitar"I can't yet play anything with strings on it, so I went down to GC and took a look around. The older guy that helped me would be right at home on the stage of a dive bar in Nashville with his Telecaster. I told him it was about time I learned to play the guitar, we had a short interview about styles, etc. and off he went picking up guitars. Since I didn't play yet, he did - pointing out the differences in each one. I do have a music background so they were apparent. This whole scenario went very, very well. He tried different guitars and settings, we found one I liked, then on to amps. Once I'd picked out the lovely couple to take home, it was on to picks, a cable & book to start with and so on. 'Even gave me a hand to my truck, happy as could be because he was able to play for a while at work.I've been back to GC a few times just to play around and I really don't know what could be done to improve things. They have everything out & hooked up I could want to play with, I've never had an incident with staff and only a few times seen customers doing stupid crap. In fact - I went in to replace a battle mixer and after a short review of the options by the sales guy I picked one. He actually gave me a discount because I "didn't make it hard on him". Granted, they were out of the units at the Seattle store, so I had to run by Kirkland on my way home (ok, so actually, there was an unplanned trip to Vegas on the way home, but that's another story.) Anyway, giving out discounts for an "easy sale" is pretty cool.YMMV, but I've got nothing bad to say about GC.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2007,2/20/2007,5,19,15,10,5>Why only 4 stars... Because the man won't let me.Last week my work team went to Salumi for lunch.  We got there at about 12:15 and the line was out the door. It wasn't bad hanging out, but the hallway in is tiny.   Did I say 'tiny'? I mean it was damn small. Since it seems to be the only exit, people are pushing past you to get out.I got a real 'No Soup For You' feel' from this place.  I didn't want to ask any questions. Eyes forward... Step left and slide. Step left and ....slide.So that I couldn't screw it up I went with the meatball sandwich. It looked super sweet. Forget about trying to pick it up and eat it... those balls were HUGE!Huhhhh. Huhhh.  Sorry.My tips for Salumi:1. If you get there before 12, it may not be as crowded.  No promises though.2. Don't fear this place. If you want the ox tail sandwich, get that ox tail. Eat that ox tail.3. Seating is at a minimum. Plan to go back to the office, or eat in the square. (Good luck with that)
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,2/19/2007,71,27,4,5,5>this is the best tea experience i've ever had outside of a friend having me over. the clean lines, the thoughtful presentation, the friendly staff - it's simply a wonderful place to relax and enjoy some of the most unusual tea you can imagine. on a whim, i had the 'banana split' blend. delightful and fun! i thought it might taste like candy, but it was too coy for that - went down very smoothly and chilled me out, like good tea should.not as pricey as one might expect. there are always hot free samples, which are nice to turn to if the menu overwhelms you. pay attention to what portions you order - big means big! there is food as well; various breads, cakes and such, with several vegan options.some might describe the look as 'clinical', what with the test tubes and all - maybe, but clinical like some mod european hospice for the very clever. you feel like you're in a clean, restful place to self-medicate.plan on spending an hour here, or more if you're with friends (virtually or otherwise). thanks to Ariel S. for the hookup on this one!
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,2/18/2007,400,699,6,8,5>Oh thank you, thank you Jen for your review on this place.I too was in search of a doctor to preform that ever nightmarish task of an annual scrape and tickle exam. The key words that stuck out in her review "he got in, and then he got out". PERFECT, I'm freakin sold!After a previous attempt to secure an appointment with another doctor for an annual; I was informed of a 6 week wait. I don't want to wait to get the unpleasantries done, let's get this over with. I called Northwest. A lovely woman by the name of Marianne informed me "oh no, we can get you in much sooner than that! How's tomorrow?" Holy cheese and crackers-next day service for a non emergency, rockin! After going through the preliminary set ups over the phone, I got this question:"how'd you hear of us?""um a glowing review on this website from this girl Jen G""website? funny. did she say anything about the receptionists?""sorry"So Marianne, here's my mention of you: you are a doll and very pleasant to deal with!Once I made it to my appointment, my office wait time was nill. No time for catch up on my solitaire. After the friendly R.N. took all my vitals, I was quickly visited by Dr. Dudley. He was great! He listened to all my hypochondriac neuroses and answered all of my questions. Even if he forgot some, he didn't get all in a huff if you reminded him. When it came to the exam, he was indeed, very quick. But good lord sir, warm up you're damn hands! No woman likes to feel the icy cold hands of death on her bare bosoms. For shame, tisk tiskThe only problem I had with the visit that day, was getting blood drawn for my various testing. I have a vast loathing for needles and I tend to get sick or light headed with the process and mere sight of them. So the very apologetic R.N. tried to find a vein in my right arm, dug around a little bit and gave up. Then she moved to my left arm, thank god she found one on the first try! In her defense, apparently I have very little veins. I did, however, look like an abused junkie for almost a week.In all, this is probably one of the best offices I've visited...ever. The Dr was great and very willing to help me fix my woes. The staff was all super friendly. They get you appointments quickly and keep the waiting low. My lab results were given to me two days after my visit. Who does that?!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,7/7/2009,91,211,8,11,7>Located in a weird little spot on Leary St. Very fitting name since everyone looked like they'd ducked in to warm themselves by the light of their beers.Starting at the low end, you can order a PBR on tap for $3, or splurge and pay $12 for ... something, I can't remember, I am blind to double digit beers.I spotted lots of crazy liquors, but I wouldn't come here on the weekend for hoots. It was a perfect Tuesday-night cozy hole: small groups, quiet enough to hear the TV, a big golden retriever hanging out on the floor.The food was my favorite texture: oily-hot and crispy. We recommend the sweet potato fries in a stand-up cone with garlic aioli, the onion mushroom sandwich thing au jus, and the slider burgers.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,7/6/2009,254,164,18,18,17>The lady wanted a margarita, mainly, and a taco secondarily. So off to Burrito Loco we go.Decent, if sweet, Hornitos margaritas. Sweetheart got the BBQ pork burrito. YUMmy pork. I got the beef tongue. I have never in my days had beef tongue before, so I thought I'd try it. I've had a lot of tongues in my mouth, people, and lots I didn't really know, but at least I have tried to stay in my species. Pretty good! Very tender and not all that flavorful. I have no reason not to chew on the tongues of other cows should the opportunity arise.There's nothing outstanding about Burrito Loco, so far, anyway, but it's a decent place to get a margarita and some tonguing in Crown Hill.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,7/5/2009,141,414,19,16,15>I have decided the Sloop is my new lover. I am so enarmored I don't care how he'll treat me as long as I can bask in his glory.Service is slow, the food dirt cheap, greasy, and bad for you, and best of all drinks the size of your head. Its filled with young folks and old grumpy regulars. The booths are not attached to the floor so after a few of those "Sloopersized" beers your ass will be on the ground. There are two pool tables and video games.  The Sloop looks like its been around for a while. This is a bar you respect because of all its encountered. Take your pretentiousness and holier than thou attitude somewhere else because it is not tolerated here. There is a small yard attached where homeless men like to hang out. On my way in I heard one chastise the other because he got one beer rather than a six pack that had been requested. I love you, Sloop.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2009,7/4/2009,52,93,21,12,15>This hot dog stand literally changed my life... and here's how:So myself and two guys from work ended up at King Cobra one night and were standing outside so the two of them could have a smoke.  We had had multiple beers and collectively close to a full bottle of Jameson consumed between the three of us, so we were a bit... "Loose."  Some even more drunk bimbo-ish woman comes stumbling by toting a hot dog.  The following dialogue took place:Me: "HEY! Is that an AWESOME HOT DOG?!!!"Her::" YOU'RE an AWESOME HOT DOG!!"Me: "I'll AWESOME HOT DOG IN YOU'RE EYE!"  (i'm aware of the mispelling of "your."  but this is an accurate description of the conversation, and in my  verbal drunkenness I used the incorrect version of the word. don't question it)I'm not even sure what I meant by that, but the alcohol had completely removed any verbal filter I would normally have (and my sober verbal filter is faulty at best).  She proceeded to get drunkenly angry and kick over the sand-filled cigarette/ash tray pot thingy outside of king cobra spilling sand and cigarettes all over the sidewalk.It was then we realized getting one of these hot dogs was a fantastic idea.  And where my life got changed is when the man serving the hot dogs asked me:"Would you like cream cheese on that?"I was in such disbelief.  As a man who loves cream cheese on most things, I had never thought of this combo.  And it was so good (as far as I can remember) I have not had a hot dog without cream cheese since (well, except chili dogs).Thank you sidewalk cream cheese AWESOME HOT DOG Man!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2009,7/3/2009,124,582,13,14,15>Five stars for the Papas Dulces. Crispy sweet potato fries, hint of rosemary, amazingly addictive allioli. Please promise me you won't go to Tidbit without ordering these. It's for your own good....A lovely little spot, with a typical (for Seattle) emphasis on using local/sustainable/seasonal/organic ingredients. A big plus to their menu, which clearly delineates not only vegetarian options but dishes that can be made gluten-free as well. Very friendly staff as well, with the perfect checking-on-you-but-not-bothering-you vibe that's rare to find.We stopped in during the April 3 for $30 promotion, and had an enjoyable dinner after a nice walk around the hillside overlooking Lake Washington. The rest of our food (none from the regular menu) was tasty, although a couple of dishes seemed slightly less impressive than I was expecting (a steak salad, for one, that erred a bit on the greasy side, between the juice from the meat and the big chunks of bleu cheese). Given the raves this little bistro gets, I bet it's just a matter of ordering the right dish.And how can you argue with someplace that provides a brown paper tablecloth and the new Crayola twisty crayons? You can't. Not when you're out to dinner with the man who just can't stop sketching....
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,7/2/2009,133,298,10,18,15>When I started seeing Yellow Leaf appearing on the hot list on Yelp, I was skeptical. Is this Seattlites loving cupcakes, or is this place seriously good?Seriously. This place is good.Some friends and I went here today as the Pride parade was winding down. Because of the festivities, they only had chocolate and vanilla. But even trying the most basic cupcakes, I have to say I was floored. Both cakes were amazingly delicious, with subtle flavors and an overall light texture.And the frosting!! The owner kept saying, "It's an Italian buttercream... it's not like your *American* buttercream..." and it's so true. The sugar didn't overwhelm; instead, it was a light, fresh, creamy frosting that accentuated the cakes perfectly.There was an underground cupcake contest earlier this month, and these guys came out on top. Well deserved, because I honestly prefer what I tried today to both Trophy and Cupcake Royale. I will definitely be back to try some of their other flavors... hopefully the chocolate peanut butter, if I can get there before they run out!
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,6/30/2009,114,107,9,7,8>The last time I went to Linda's for evening drinks, I ended up wandering around Capitol Hill alone wearing a fake mustache and found myself in the middle of the War Room's terrible dance floor relenting to girls with camera phones who wanted a picture of me with their (actually mustachioed) boyfriends. This may say something about the strength of the pours from the bar, the size of a shot of Bulleit or the warm flame of the outdoor heaters that the inner moth of my drunk is drawn to. In any event, this is not the place I go for drinks with friends anymore.That being said, I still find myself at Linda's at least thrice each month. Why? BRUNCH. This is my longest-standing favorite brunch restaurant in Seattle for a few reasons.1. BULLRIDER. Their chicken-fried steak, which has a tendency to sell out by noon on weekends, is delicious. The home fries are not amazing, the eggs are fine, the sometimes-slice of kiwi on the plate is a nice surprise, but the steak, the breading, the gravy - I dream of these things.2. The service. Could I be any more in love with Ritchie? Could seeing Kelli's sweet face so early on a Sunday make the rest of my day any better? The people who work here are great but these two consistently go out of their way to make my experience at Linda's amazing. 3. The ambiance. I can sit inside and listen to Phosphorescent or Aretha or whatever fits within the staff's whims and it always works. When it's sunny I can sit on the back patio with my sunglasses on the entire meal, decimating a pitcher of mimosas and gazing into the eyes of my perfect best friend. Decent bathrooms, usually clean. Don't get me started on the buffalo head.Minus one star for the questionable clientele on weekend evenings (is this bar in the U-District or...?...), difficult parking and sometimes endless waiting for a brunch table. Still, I'll forever agree to sit patiently on the edge of one of the planter boxes out front (with a mocha from Stumptown across the street) until my name is called.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,6/28/2009,286,643,19,22,21>I don't know how they make these fantastic crumpets... but they are like crack! I met up with my date here and we had some tea, and I took a six pack of crumpets home. So tonight, I put a crumpet in the toaster put some thin slices of cheese and salami on it, topped with some roasted veggies... and OH HOLY MOTHER of PEARL. That's some good eating. Now it's nearly 10:15 PM, and I toasted another. This time I am having some tea, and put a little butter and strawberry jam. PERFECTION again! I am going to have to make the Crumpet Shop a stop every time I go to the market. I can't wait to toast my next crumpet and let out a moan of ecstasy.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,6/26/2009,86,218,10,12,11>If you ever want to take a vacation in your own city, you might want to consider booking a stay at the new Four Seasons. I assume the rooms are as beautiful and nice as the ART Lounge...I walked in to the hotel and was greeted by at least six cute valets/doormen. Six of them! "Welcome!" "Welcome! Let me get the door for you." "Welcome!" We were off to a good start. I headed back toward the ART Restaurant and Lounge to meet a friend- stopped at the AWESOME host desk which is made out of a 300-year-old cedar tree trunk (I know that because I now follow them on Twitter), and was directed over to the lounge, which has floor to ceiling windows with views of the water, the viaduct, and some buildings. Sat myself at the bar, chatted with the bartender, was joined by my friend,  and enjoyed a peach Bellini martini, a "summer daze" (watermelon juice + tequila yumminess), and a vodka drink with a scoop of "Douglass Fir" sorbet. All excellent cocktails, all $5 from 5-7 Sun-Thurs. Food-wise, we felt we HAD to get the mini-burgers because everyone raves about them. $5 for three. Add .50 PER burger if you want cheese or mushrooms- which, if you want both, adds up to $8. That's kind of annoying, but wev. They're delicious and come with sides of mayo, ketchup, and mustard which you spread with these cute little spoons. We also tried the lobster salad roll (good), and watched a guy order and eat the shrimp, which comes with a mini-bloody mary. Yum. The have a private dining room that seats between 10-20 people. Beautiful bathrooms that rival the great stalls at Ruth's Chris. Neat bar lighting that changes colors. Bright and light and cheerful ambiance thanks to the giant windows. Really friendly bartenders and servers. A nice mix of comfortable armchairs and tables. Great view of the Sound and the ferry runs. Overall, a really sophisticated atmosphere that you don't often find in Seattle. My new fave bar.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,6/25/2009,175,187,10,13,12>I really like burgers, in theory.  But so often I find that my burger craving is forced back by a subpar sammich.  I want it hot, juicy, sloppy, cheesy, warm, gooey, with just enough cool, crunchy iceburg and fresh tomatoes to make it balanced.  And the bun?  It can never, ever be soggy or goopy or stale.  In fact, I don't even want to notice the bun.  I just want it to be delicious and fresh and hold the damn thing together.Zippy's did it, gosh darn it.  It satisfied my burger craving, thus creating a bigger craving that only Zippy's can conquer.  Hot, grilled burger, hand made and hot off the barbeque, like how you wish your burgers taste at home on a warm summer night.  Lots of special sauce (but not too much) and warm, melty cheese.  Just enough grease to make the whole thing decadent and wonderful, but not so much that you feel dirty afterward and in need of a hot shower.The fries come piping hot and full of salty, potato-y goodness.  And the soda selection is awesome- all of those old school bottled hits like Sioux City Sarsparilla, Jolt and Dad's Cream Soda, which are full of delicious without the high fructose corn syrup.  I can't wait to try a hand-dipped chocolate malt when the weather gets warmer.So glad this place is nearby.  One less reason to cross the bridge back to Seattle.  Sweet!
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,7/31/2011,254,164,13,8,11>Kiki is fun to say. Kiki sounds best when one clenches up the throat and emits Kiki like a tropical bird call. Neither Ki is in itself responsible. Neither Ki stands on it's own with any validity, but when the two are together, the Ki twins, there's magic. So from the ashes of Kurrant rises Kiki. Kiki serves good ole fashioned Asian Fusion, like gramma used to make. This is not the most incredible vittles I have ever eaten, but it's damn good. Friend and I had fresh shrimp spring rolls, paprika and papaya salad and tofu yakisoba. It was good and I became full. The beer and whiskey may have helped with that part. The banana coconut cake for dessert was moist and flavorful. The food is served with pride and there is an attention to presentation I found refreshing. For the cocktailers, Kiki has an impressive menu and has a good fifteen beers on tap. No slouches in the bar, I'll be back to sample more of Kiki's wares in the lounge. Kiki, for when one Ki just won't do.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,7/30/2011,739,630,11,13,15>I never thought deep dish pizza will be this GOOD! I always thought it will have the soggy crust! But, NO! Kylie's has the BEST CRUST EVER!First time here, my friend, Marc M and I both wanted to try this place. Therefore, we stopped by here before we headed over to Fremont Brewing! 30 mins wait, but it's totally worth it! We had the classic chicago. The sauce was rich and tasty. I loved that how the cheese glued everything together and flew one side in the pizza box. But, it didn't stop me eating it! I ate half of a small pizza and still felt hungry! Second time here, we had an UYE event at Fremont Brewing. We ordered two large pizza. (pesto chicken and cheese). It was GREAT! 10 of us waited till they opened and finished two large pizza and other food! Good times! All other customers in Fremont Brewing were so jealous of us when we had pizza and beer together! My sister hasn't tried yet! I will have to take her there one of those days. Just an excuse for me to eat more!***Tips: If you check-in through Yelp app, you get special deal after 3 check-in's***
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,7/29/2011,297,210,21,19,16>So one day, I was feeling especially crabby so I took a break from work in customer service to visit Tenzing Momo. Until that day, I'd make little purchases such as incense or sage, browsing the store without particular focus. On this day, however, I walked right up to the man behind the counter and said, "do you have anything that will make me less of a bitch?" Without hesitation, he walked straight to the little, brown bottle containing a magic tincture guaranteed to sweeten me up. With earnest, he explained his female co-workers use this all the time and he could swear by it. He'd seen it in action. He was right.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,7/28/2011,416,153,17,30,29>I think people looking for a good charity should throw money wantonly in the direction of Big Brothers Big Sisters. These are seriously a great bunch of people doing the right things for the right reasons. Signing my boys up for big brothers was something I'd thought about doing for a long time, but held off on for one reason or another. I think one factor for me may have been the (totally fallacious) belief that there would be a daunting application process, lots of paperwork, and/or that there would be some kind of low-income requirement and we wouldn't qualify. I don't know why I thought all of this, but in case such mental wanderings might be a barrier for anyone else considering this organization, I'd like to jump up on your sofa jubilantly and yell, "IT'S TOTALLY EASY AND IT ONLY TOOK US A MONTH TO GET ROLLING AND YES, YES, DO IT, DO IT NOW!" I think I pulled something, but I hope I made my point. Graham was our match coordinator, an utterly sweet strapping guy who disarmingly interviewed the boys in our own house, in a way that didn't feel threatening or formal, and made his quiet notes, then disappeared, telling us it COULD take up to two or three months. But within a couple of weeks, he'd found young men to pair up with both my boys, and you could tell much thought had been given to the pairings. My older son (let's just call him Eeyore) struggles with self-esteem issues and is highly verbal. He was paired with a kind, thoughtful and extremely well read attorney who's an exceptional listener. This was brilliant. His "big" (yeah, that's what they call 'em) told him he should feel absolutely free to call or text him, even to just help with homework, whatever. The very next day, my son was fabricating homework :D And, before his trip to Costa Rica, his "big" texted him well wishes for the flight. (she wipes a hormonal tear from her eye).My younger son fared equally well and was also asking for some time with his big brother the very next day. The boys are very open about wanting to hang out with a paternal figure--they don't even disguise this fact--so I am thrilled to say it has exceeded both my expectations and even my hopes so far. Every step of the way has been stellar with Big Brothers Big Sisters. I send you guys a humble, bent-knee bow of gratitude; you're making a huge difference by doing what you do.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,7/27/2011,466,877,10,15,14>My friend and I came here after dinner for pie and coffee. I had a slice of the caramel pecan and my friend had the apple pie. High 5 serves Fuel coffee (Caffe Vita bean) which made for a delicious, perfectly crafted soy latte complete with pretty leaf art in the foam. The first bite of the caramel pecan was pure, decadent heaven in my mouth. I can't remember anything tasting so good on the first bite with the possible exception of......nope can't think of anything right off. It was SO GOOD! Big pecans throughout the slice with caramel drizzled on top.The barista was very friendly. Our slices of pie were on the 50% off shelf so our grand total for 1 coffee, 1 espresso drink and 2 slices of pie was about $10. Pretty darn good. Pie slices normally cost around $4 each including tax. There is also the option of buying whole pies which proved to be tempting. They also serve savory pot pies, turnovers, and "petit" personal-sized pies. Layout of the shop is wide open with big windows. Plenty of natural light and seating. I'll definitely be back to High 5 Pie when in the area.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/26/2011,213,757,16,17,18>Oh 5 Point. How Do I love thee?Let me count the ways....1. Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.I like the fact that whenever a craving strikes, you are there for me 5 point... like the best of friends.2. You are close. So, so close.I can basically trip outside my front door and land on yours.3. Your happy hour deals are crazy. Crazy good. $2.50 Burger and fries? $3 cheese curds? $2.50 mini corndogs? You make me wish I was off at 4 every weekday.4. The Cheese CurdsYour fried Beecher's cheese is insanely good. I seriously think my school friends only come to visit so they can get their hands on more of these delicious golden nuggets. Whatever you do here you do it ~right~ and they are some of the best damn things one can put in their mouth. 5. The Rest of your Menu.It's solid 5 point! Standard greasy spoon fair that is either swimming in gravy or butter...or both, and I've yet to be disappointed. Breakfast is always a good choice (& served 24/7) and I like your french dip to pieces too.6.Your brews are good.A nice list of beers on tap, solid strong drinks when I branch out and try one.7. The Service!It's sassy but welcoming. Friendly, efficient, and a just a lil bit naughty.  You split checks without whining. And  you understand when we have to order another round of curds....8. Your JukeboxHas a good selection of tunes that can be played a bit too loud at points, but hell -- who's having much of a convo at 3 am on a burger run?I can go on and on 5 point, but really -- you'd probably think I was just being overly flattering, and that ain't your style. Just know i'll be there for you like you'll be there for me.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,7/25/2011,499,896,12,15,14>I want to be a cowboy... (I'd never make it as a punker.)Because I know that song, I am cool enough to come in here. I am not, however, cool enough to know any of the bands that were represented in the t-shirt rack.I am, however, still deeply in love with this place.If you want a button for any band that has ever aspired to be more like JFA, you're covered.CD's, records, stickers, hand made leather belts/gear, patches and some nice employees who won't make you feel like you don't belong in there even if you haven't gotten one of my references.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,7/24/2011,205,135,9,14,9>Toulouse Petit, je t'aime!  Going to this restaurant made me wish I spoke French and could play the banjo (on the bayou, of course)!I just had the most amazing meal with my girlies at Toulouse!  Everything was unique and delicious, so where do I begin??  Let's *start* with DESSERT.We ordered three different desserts: beignets, warm apple crisp, and white chocolate bread puddin'.  The BUTTERMILK beignets were warm, and perfectly delectable.  They seem to be hit the impossible sweet spot on the dense-fluffy balance.  And don't forget their chicory angalaise (another french word) for a dipping sauce.Warm apple crisp was served with ice cream and caramel sauce.  The apples were the primary focus of the dish, with a true crisp on the top (think creme brulee).  Quite possibly the best apple crisp ever.The final dessert, was a delicious custard (smoother and creamier than other bread pudding I've tried) sitting in a creamy bourbon vanilla and topped ice cream.  It was remarkable!  I could have eaten about 5 of these. THAT'S JUST DESSERT!   I'll be back for the beignets and this dessert, that is FOR SURE!I also ordered the spicy chicken and shrimp jambalaya with homemade andouille sausage.  Served in a cast-iron dish, the jambalay was rich, and DEEP with the perfect spiciness.  The highlight was definitely that sausage and flavorful chicken.  My friend ordered the lamb burger, which had delicious cumin and cardamom flavorings.  It is served with optional chevre (not sure I'd go with the goat cheese) and shoestring fries.  Are you now CONVINCED?!  This restaurant is THE BEST!  Can't wait to go back and try out that happy hour menu (apparently one of the best happy hours in the nation).  Hello?!  Go to Toulouse!
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,7/23/2011,153,353,12,13,13>I've been known on, depending on proximity to me, several occasions to almost continuously, decry the lack of what I, as a native to the Tri-State Area, consider pizza. A co-worker of similar regional origin informed me that Big Mario's simply was "the real deal" and I was compelled to verify the suspiciously bold claim. I arrived to find a small NY-style counter in the front with two very small tables, small enough that I saw people eating outside standing in the rain anyway, and a bar/lounge area (more hipster than pub, although that's expected in the neighborhood) in the back for those who cannot mentally or emotionally separate the experience of pizza from beer.So, the critical part. Is it the real deal? Almost.Foldable? Check.Cheap? More on that later.No foofy ingredients? Optional.Unhealthy? Affirmative.Quality of sauce, crust and cheese? Roger.Hot? Sufficiently piping.Sicilian? Available.Sates my desire to engorge myself on pizza in NJ? Absolutely not.The greek salad slice I tried (violating purity because I wanted some vegetable matter to pretend I wasn't completely hurting my body here) while sitting solo at one of the aforementioned tiny tables was surprisingly good against my adjusted standards. I left highly satisfied to head to the social evening portion afterward.I'm not going to lie though. I feel a bit violated having paid $4+ (after tax) for a slice of specialty pizza. I understand that is similar to the going rate around here, and it's demonstrably better than Hot Mama's, but still, it's as if they added a New York import tax to their slice prices to increase the authenticity of the dining experience.I'll definitely be back as it's better than the other choices near Broadway and a great alternative to Rancho Bravo for a quick dinner/snack, but it's still not up to primary pizza pilgrimage standards (currently Number One New York Pizza in Snohomish.)
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,7/22/2011,42,59,7,9,8>Yes, yes, yes please.It was my second time going and I got each of their gnocchi's both times. First of all, they make their gnocchi in house. SO GOOD. I prefer the second one that I got tonight which was: GNOCCHI TARTUFATIHomemade potato dumplings with fontina cheese and nutmegin a truffle cream sauce SO DELICIOUS. The portions are huge too, I have the leftovers in my fridge CURRENTLY waiting for me to be hungry again while watching some reality TV.For app I got caesar and dessert I got tiramisu. Both really good! I again have to admit that my boyfriend won in the dessert round with getting the panna cotta. I would definitely get that next time fo sho.Our waiter was super friendly and I'll definitely be back to try the ravioli. THANK YOU PANEVINO FOR QUENCHING MY GNOCCHI THIRST RIGHTFULLY AND NOT TREATING US LIKE 2ND CLASS CITIZENS FOR USING A  GROUPON.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,8/5/2013,374,341,7,13,9>I have never eaten Middle Eastern food in such a stunning environment.The restaurant surroundings are a feast for the eyes first, then for the stomach.We started our gastronomical spree with all the small mezze-so many tiny plates of flavor-packed goodness.1.Panir-o Gerdu- Feta, walnut, tarragon, basil, mint-very rich and elegant.2. Arnabeit Makli- fried cauliflower, tarrator-this dish caused a bit of a scuffle at the table, as we all scrambled for the last savory bite.3.Shamandar bi tahini-Grated beets, yogurt, garlic, tahini-this was one of my favorite things, though others might have been overwhelmed by the raw beet-ness of it. I found it clean and refreshing.4. Muhammara- Walnuts, pepper paste, pomegranate, cumin-this little dish did a number on our taste buds, it was very silky and filling, coupled with the endless mounds of fresh pita and hummus we consumed.The meat eaters at the table also ate the lamb kefta and chicken shish taouk and declared them beautiful.For dessert we tried the two ice creams (vanilla and saffron) and a pudding that tasted like my grandma's living room used to smell, of roses and other perfumes. That for me, was the only negative part of the meal. I suppose my palate wasn't equipped to deal with that but it certainly was ready for the chocolate Bil Seniyeh, a mix of Valrhona chocolate and spices on a semolina crust. It was almost savory, not too sweet at all, and simply splendid.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,8/4/2013,786,852,6,15,11>Outstanding Ethan Stowell concept - this might be my favorite Stowell joint. Was here for Restaurant Week and enjoyed a handsome meal and excellent service. Loved the entire experience from superstar starters (eclipses the entrees at most restaurants) to well-done mains, ending with cleverly constructed desserts.Starters (served family style) ranked in order of recommendation:- Housemade porchetta (5-star): mouthwatering, razor thin sliced porchetta. Incredible flavor, paired with preserved cherries- Fried oysters with chili aioli (5-star): perfectly fried, luscious beauties - Smoked ricotta with honey and grilled bread (4-star) - melt-in-your-mouth, airy ricotta. Grilled toasts were tasty and provided a savory complement for the honeyed ricotta.  - Chickpeas with smoked clams, mussels, and squid (3.8-star) - seafood had a fantastic smoked flavor, would've preferred slightly cooked chickpeas (were a bit raw) - Mixed baby lettuces with champagne vinaigrette (3.7-star) - super fresh greens dressed with a tasty house blendEntrées- Grilled Spanish mackerel with Yukon gold potatoes, olives, salsa verde (5-star) - OUTSTANDING. One of the best fish dishes I've had in Seattle - a handsomely grilled mackerel, fresh and flavorful. Accompaniments are well-paired- Grilled pork loin with spring onions, asparagus, aged balsamic vinegar (4.8-star) - a beautiful cut, satisfying and heartyDesserts- Chocolate Terrine with hazelnut ice cream and rhubarb coulis (5-star) - AMAZING. Intense flavors, perfectly textured with a peanut butter wafered crunch base  - Ricotta Cheesecake with Strawberry Compote (5-star) - a divine cheesecake, fluffy with a scrumptious graham nut crust. Highly recommend.This was easily one of my fave RW experiences in any city - Chicago, NY, Seattle. Kudos to Ethan Stowell and his staff!
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,8/2/2013,19,90,9,8,7>Went to 1022 on a whim based on a recommendation from another bartender. Yes, it does not have a large lit-up flashing sign and a huge parking lot. It doesn't need it - i really don't want 1022 to become a mass marketed establishment full of assholes and drunkards, let those guys stay at applebees. Small bar, little seating, dim lighting, no loud utz utz music.. slightly pretentious but I call that 'standards'. I love the quaint speakeasy vibe of 1022. The craft cocktails are crazy, gnarls barkley crazy. (Watch the video, it's how I feel when I'm in 1022.)If you read this review, pretend like I gave it a one-star. Don't go there. You'll be taking my seat.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,8/1/2013,56,120,13,10,10>Have I really not reviewed this place yet?Everybody is right.  The chicken wings and the duck noodle soup are the way to go.  Everything else is good too; but those are THE dishes at this place.  The wings will haunt your dreams.  You will have your pregnant wife demanding that you drive from Bothell into the International District just to get her those wings and that noodle soup.  THAT'S how good they are.Those wings are gut bombs; but do whatever it takes to satisfy your conscience.  Run 5 miles.  Skip a meal.  Say "Aw f*** it!"  Do what it takes, and get those wings!  You'll say "Damn!  I'm sure glad I listened to you."
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,7/31/2013,109,235,9,10,8>Kedai Makan really fills a void on the Olive Way slope of the hill. A little take-out only operation serving up the unique and flavorful dishes of Malaysia; the delicious smells wafting from their window is an effective advertisement in and of itself to late-night revelers. La Bête, Dinette, and The Saint are all delicious and nearby, but sometimes you just want something cheap and fast.  I tried the nasi goreng and roti canai on my first visit. The nasi goreng is basically fried rice but kickier with more pungent flavors and a runny egg on top. The rice was moist, aromatic and little bits of roast pork scattered throughout added a salty bite. The roti canai was wonderful; the tender pastry is ideal for dipping in the spicy, nutty curry sauce served alongside. Over the weekend, I enjoyed the ngow lam fan, a rice noodle dish with mustard greens and beef meatballs in a five spice sauce. It was amazing and satisfying and the heat of the spices helped to warm me up. You can take your food to Montana to eat but you'll most likely not find a seat. I ended up perched on a plastic stool out front both times scarfing my meal like a ravenous beast and that was fine by me.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,7/30/2013,77,250,6,8,7>Oto and I started out on a so-so basis but now I can say after continuing a steady relationship that I'm beginning to maybe, possibly, love Oto. Like I said in my last review, I stick to this place for rolls but I have seen some pretty fresh and tasty looking sashimi delivered to other tables.  It seems to be increasingly popular, as the last few times I've been, it has been nearly full if not completely full.  The sushi bar itself is usually occupied which is a good sign in the chefs (in my opinion).  The service has gotten a little better as well, almost to a fault; there is a fine line between good service and overly-involved service.  I'm still in love with the Buddha Roll but I'm trying to branch out.  I honestly haven't had anything here that wasn't good.  With happy hour, you can't go wrong.  You get some awesome stuff for a pretty awesome price.If you're in the area, stop in!
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,7/29/2013,131,218,5,8,9>I have been waiting for this place to open for months! From the outside, Spinnaker Bay Brewing doesn't look like much (it's also in kind of a weird location, next to a Cross Fit and a Mosque). But once you step through the door, it's hard not to love. It's a big open space with high ceilings and exposed wood. Seems like they're going for a kind of old timey feel--with an antique bar and black and white photos from the nineteenth century. I dig it.We tried the Porter and the IPA, both of which were delicious. Beers were about $7 a piece, and growler refills about $14. Not super cheap, but not super expensive either. I heart all the great breweries in Georgetown, but it's so nice to have a neighborhood spot. When we went, Jemil's Big Easy food truck was there serving up tasty grub to go with the beer. The owner said she hopes to have a rotating group of food trucks come in the future. Ohh and for all you home brewers out there: the owner also told us that she eventually wants to start holding competitions for the best home brew. The winner would potentially get their beer made by Spinnaker Bay! Very cool.I can see myself spending many summer evenings here...Before you head over though (and you should!), check their Facebook page. They've only just opened, so hours are pretty limited.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,7/28/2013,123,194,3,7,5>My gf and I came by here yesterday to grab dinner with a friend, and at first sight, this place doesn't look like anything special.  Before meeting up with her, we tried getting our friend to come up with us and grab some Fu Man's, which was our go to dumpling place, but our friend insisted that this was the place she wanted to eat. We figured, fair enough, if she knew about the place, why not try it out? Wow, just wow. We ordered 3 orders of the juicy pork dumplings, an order of the steam pork and chive dumplings and the green onion flat bread.  If it were six months ago, when I was barely watching my weight, we could've ate A LOT more juicy pork dumpllings than the 3 orders. Seriously, they were that good, the juiciness of the dumpling as you poked it just melted into your mouth as you ate it.  The pork and chive dumpling wasn't too bad either, but I could probably do without the green onion flatbread. It wasn't bad at all, to be honest I'm addicted to bread, but it didn't stand out as much to me. They also had garlic sauce here, though it was more soy saucy, vinegar-ish flavored and not as wickedly addicting as the one from Fu Man's.I'll come back for the juicy pork dumplings, even if it's just for a to go order. Also, take note that the people here are very friendly, though don't expect fancy service here, it seems like a family run shop and fortunately enough the money spent is on the food and not for the service.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,7/27/2013,263,1104,4,6,8>The tour here is fun. I think if you come on weekdays, you'll see more. It's empty (in terms of machinery actually working) on weekends. Make sure to book way in advance because it gets super full! For $6, it's reasonable enough to bring the kids and they'll enjoy it too.I liked learning about what makes Theo's Chocolate unique and the process they use.  They include some samples but def not as much as before.The store has excellent selection. I really like the Fig & Fennel Fantasy bar, the sea salt chocolate bar and  the ECI Pili Pili Chilli bar. I didn't think any of the other spicy chocolate bars were spicy. I also didn't think the spicy drinking chocolate was spicy or else I would have bought it!With that said, the chocolate here is excellent.All in all, pretty fun tour and great chocolate. It's a little pricier but there's reasons for that: you can eat the chocolate without thinking the farmers have horrible living wages, you often support great causes and it's the first bean to bar chocolate factory in N America so you know its great quality!
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,7/26/2013,319,101,5,9,7>I'm almost afraid to give it 5 stars because I know it's only going to get more popular!Yes, there's usually a wait because it's a small location but the sushi is SO good (one of my favorite sushi places ever!!) They are SO friendly and remembered us since our first visit years ago -- yes, I've been going there for years but I live in Kirkland and this is in Burien so it's quite a ways to go for sushi. Is it worth the trip? Every single time!Their edamame is made just right and at the right temperature, I love their cali rolls, spicy calli's, kapa maki, avocado maki, and their teriyaki chicken roll. Writing this has made me salivate -- I should go get some right now!ps my best friend and I meet here often as we can to go get yummy sushi even though it's out of our way. I come from up north in Kirkland and she comes from Federal Way.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,12/12/2008,26,20,9,10,11>Although Sugartown Vintage is a little "80's" heavy for me, every time I come here to "browse" I always seem to walk out with something, and usually SEVERAL somethings! And, every time I purchase an item of clothing, there seems to be a story behind what I bought that the salesperson can't wait to tell me.My favorite story is about this yellow silk shirt I picked out there several weeks ago. The owner knew the year in which it was most likely made, (I think maybe she said '53) the department store at which it was sold, and she called it "the pretty old girl" so lovingly it was as though she had a personal relationship with this piece of clothing. Rather than creep me out, however, it made me feel I had made a good choice (clever, huh?) and that my clothes were somehow "special and unique." I get the feeling that at Sugartown Vintage they really do believe all clothing is "special and unique." (Maybe even that Huey Lewis concert tee I saw there the other day).So when you're in Ballard, go a little deeper down Market Street and find something awesome at Sugartown Vintage. And pick up a pair of hot pink or handmade wooden earrings for me.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,12/11/2008,478,401,20,19,20>Absolutely magnificent pizza.  You haven't truly had pizza until you've tried it the authentic Neapolitan way.  I'm not even a pizza lover and I could eat here every goddamn day!My favorite was the Dante, which comes with fresh arugula and prosciutto toppings, but honestly, every single one of the seven pizzas we ordered was sensational.  The perfect balance of tomato, cheese, and crust.  The salumi appetizer plate was also amazing.  We were all astonished at the speed with which our food arrived.  Our party of eight was in and out in less than an hour, inhaling two appetizer platters and seven pizzas.  Or maybe we're just pigs.  Oink, oink!
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,12/10/2008,36,87,13,12,12>Adam's Moving Service rules. We were moving so I gave them a call after reading the Yelp reviews. Excellent service - don't second guess calling them. They were fast, very careful, and extremely nice. They got us moved from Queen Anne to Ballard in a quick 2.5 hours (from the time of arrival to when i gave them a check at the end) for roughly 200 bucks. Best money I've spent all year. I hope we don't have to move again any time soon, but if we do, I'll be calling Adam's again without a second thought.PS. We have a couch that could BARELY fit through the turns and doors of the hallways leading to our old apartment. When I say "barely", i mean the EXIT signs knocked off the ceilings and we had to remove a door from the hinges. Somehow, the guys from Adam's got it out of the apartment in 2 tries. Zip, zap, zoop!.... and the couch was out of the apartment. I have no idea how they did it, but I'm still amazed just remembering it.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,12/8/2008,100,142,19,23,23>My good friend Don Anderson passed away late in 2007, well into his 80s.  I really loved Don.Years ago, Don owned a gourmet hamburger place on Shilshole called The Turbulent Turtle.  If you google it, you'll see many people really miss it.So I go to Lunchbox Laboratory and it's really amazing. I'm blown away by it. When chatting with the owners, I tell them how much I like it and about my friend Don owning a place on Shilshole that... "It wasn't called the Turbulent Turtle was it?"  "Yes." "That's what we based our restaurant on!"They were recreating my friend's beloved restaurant.  I nearly cried.So ... that's pretty damn cool.Add to this that the place is run by real geeks.  Not the "do you prefer Python to Perl" kind. The science loving, lunchbox collecting, childhood recreating kind.  And this kind are now geeking on burgers and fries!Sweet potato fries. Tater Tot fries.  French Fries.They have burgers made of duck and pork, they have burgers with gorganzola, they have burgers made with real beef. It's expensive.  Don't doubt it for a second.  It's not your "I'm gonna pop out for a burger".  But it's a meal and it's not loaded with chemicals.The shakes are awesome and served in 400ml beakers.Plan on a hike when you leave if you want to keep your figure.  But for god's sakes go to Lunchbox Laboratory now!
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,12/7/2008,32,143,10,12,11>Boobs. And a cocktail called "Big Cucumber." Need I say more?How about: pickled herring, Swedish meatballs, Swedish pancakes. A bar shaped like a Viking ship. Appropriately dusky lighting. Nudie Barbies in the girls' room. And a happy hour that makes your wallet sing, though probably not in Swedish.Only negative note: why are the bar stools so far away from the bar? And from each other? It makes having a cozy drink tough on nights the tables are taken.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,12/6/2008,286,643,27,20,22>To quote the hot nugget of a rapper known as Marky Mark, "such a good vibration, such a sweet sensation"... *feel it feel it* Well at babeland, you can! This was the best, sex positive adult store I have ever been to! I came to collect my free silver bullet that they were giving away for the election, and spent a good deal of time looking, exploring, touching the items. All the toys can be turned on and you can see if it will be the perfect one for you and or your loved one.There are plenty of accessories to live out any fantasy. My head nearly exploded with ideas in here! The staff is wonderful, friendly and there is no shame in here. But really, there should be no shame in sex anyways! I left here with a smile on my face, and will definitely come back. And thanks babeland for my free toy, its gonna be some good vibrations!
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2008,12/4/2008,86,218,4,8,9>Yup, it really IS the most socially responsible crouton or french fry you'll ever eat! I love Farestart for the following reasons: the food is simple, yet delicious. The new location is super convenient and gorgeous. It's reasonably priced, and you can literally see your dollar going towards the program. All you have to do is look over into the kitchen, where you see students learning the tricks of the trade. Or you look up onto the wall and you see the beautiful colorful plates with the names of major supporters. I also like Farestart because every time I go there, I run into at least one- but usually two or three familiar faces. I've only been doing the nonprofit thing for about two years, but it's nice to see your colleagues or friends supporting the same cause you are- in such an easy way. UPDATE: 2/26: Ran into old roommate and friend.UPDATE 4/25/08: Ran into old fave supervisor and her mother. I usually go for the turkey sandwich for lunch. The salads are delish, and I always save room for their chocolate chip cookies for dessert. I don't know WHAT it is (it might not be anything at all), but something about those cookies makes me go weak in the knees. Yum. I have yet to attend a Guest Chef Night, but it's on my "To Do in 2000&Gr8" list, so I should probably get it done soon. OH! And call on Farestart to cater your lunch meetings, or use their private meeting room for your events. They are super helpful and easy to work with.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,12/3/2008,59,142,8,8,9>I just bought a new Digital SLR camera and my wife had the foresight to suggest taking pictures at the zoo because of all of the different lighting challenges, etc. Great idea on her part. Turned out, even though it is still winter, it was warm enough out and there were still a lot of exhibits open to see / shoot. I hadn't been to the zoo in a long time, the planets were in line, and, blah blah blah, we went. We both had a wonderful time with each other walking through the park and seeing the raptors, penguins, mountain goats, elk, a leopard  and the eagles (no, the band wasn't there), etc. The indoor exhibits, like the wonderfully constructed rain forest with its tropical birds and snakes, and the monkey and gorilla exhibits were a real treat. With such beauty and wonder, we couldn't help but be thankful we have such gems as The Woodland Park Zoo in such close proximity to our home and indeed, easily  accessible to all of Seattle. The zoo has been a landmark as long as I can remember. I was taken there as a kid in the early 1960s where I marveled at Bobo the gorilla and it was a pleasure to rediscover it again as an adult. Oh, and the pictures turned out too. We will definitely return to the zoo when the weather warms up and the elephants are roaming. We really enjoyed ourselves. Now it's your turn. Don't forget the camera. Oh, and the kids if you have them.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,12/1/2008,141,414,14,12,12>What do you call a cheese that's not yours? NACHO CHEESE! Matador gets me quite excited due to the nachos. Seriously, I have had a lot of nachos in my day and no other place has made them as good or as plentiful as Matador. I've been to the one in Ballard but frequent the West Seattle location since I'm in West Seattle *flashes westside sign*. Both have treated me well. The ambience is dark and has a church like feel. In West Seattle (can't remember if its the same in Ballard) there is a fire pit you can sit around. Its great on those cold winter nights. This place is great for groups. There are HUGE tables that fit six to eight. I was even asked to move from one while waiting for a friend. They like to keep them fully occupied rather than with two or three people apparently. Happy hour is the only time I have been to Matador. The ONLY time. After paying such cheap prices for huge portions I refuse to order anything full price from the menu. These fools got me cheap, yo. The happy hour food menu is going to set you back $4 or $5 depending on what you get. You can get nachos, quesadillas, steak or fish tacos, chili, salad, tex-mex egg rolls, and a whole bunch of other stuff. The size of the food is ridiculously big. That is what keeps me coming back. And they have a late night happy hour from 10:00 to close. As previously stated I love me Matador nachos. I recently had the Matador salad and it was like a citrusy, peppery, Ceaser salad. It was fantastic. When I was eating meat I had the tex-mex spring rolls which were superb and the sauces that came with them were excellent.Matador is awesome. Plain and simple. Happy hour is the best time to go .
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,11/30/2008,325,469,18,14,14>Someone asking me a question: What's the one thing you could eat for the rest of your life and not get sick of? Me: Macaroni and Cheese.... ooohh!!! AND GORDITOS!!! Believe me, I really could (and do) eat Gorditos forever and not get sick of it. I started overindulging on this "healthy" Mexican food in middle school.  Mom got sick of Azteca (once upon a time Azteca was mediocre chain food, not disgusting chain food), so we would come here. I would beg and plead and eventually we came here once a week.  I would always order a wet steak burrito. Move on to senior year of high school. I had been eating the exact same burrito once a week for 6 years. Was I sick of it? Nawwww. Since I was a growing boy, I decided the normal (yet still enormous) burrito was too small, so I upgraded to the Grande which is approximately the size of a baby... maybe even a toddler... (and yes, the picture at the cash register of the burrito next to the baby is priceless)Then I made a terrible decision and decided to go out of the state for college. What was I thinking? To be separated from the true love of my life?? Silliness on my part. Those 4 years of college were terrible, as I was reduced to eating Gorditos only 25ish times a year :( Now I'm a college grad who came to his senses and live less than a mile away from Gorditos. I come here at least once a week. I've come to the realization that the menu has other items. A few times I've ordered steak enchiladas, chicken quesadillas or some tacos & nachos. Those are all very, very tasty. Still though, nothing hits the spot like a wet steak burrito.  The burrito is lovingly prepared and filled to maximum capacity with delicious black beans, tender steak, fresh veggies and is smothered in a delicious red sauce and covered in cheese!  If you order their normal size burrito it won't come with Guacomole (only the Grande one comes with it).  The guacomole is the best part of the burrito (well, really, everything is the best part) so you must order it!  Also, ask for extra cheese!  Extra cheese!  Extra Cheese!  You can never, ever have too much cheese.   I think that's what I'll have for dinner tonight. Perfect.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,5/2/2012,468,742,8,11,11>Que bueno!Their baby-sized burritos are no joke.  One of those bad boys is equivalent to four lunch-sized meals for me.  I stick to getting my burritos with their grilled steak and l like how they stuff their them with beans, salsa, rice, guacamole and all that goodness.  Another thing I like about the place is their salsa bar which also offers cilantro, onions and pickled veggies to top your meal.  I love to top my burrito will all that.I haven't got around to try their beverages yet since I usually don't have room in my belly for that.  But I have heard they're pretty good.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,5/1/2012,410,224,5,9,6>Allison is a sweetheart.  She is also pretty gangster.  Most places would take way longer to do a much crummier job.  I've seen it. and gasped aloud.For a full set of new lash extensions, Allison books a mere 2-hour appointment (compare that to 3-5 hour appointments at many other places).  That just speaks to her experience.  The end result is better than anything you will find, i am sure of it.  I refer all my friends to Allison because she takes such pride in her work and goes out of her way to make you feel comfortable and happy.  Her refill appointments only take her 45 minutes.  It's a breeze, I love her and will never go anywhere else!
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,4/30/2012,49,294,8,8,8>25 minute wait on a Saturday night at 8:30.....much better than the 1.5 hour wait at the last place we attempted.  Ordered a glass of wine and waited near the front to be seated.  First time back in a couple of years and the food was just as amazing as I remember.  We were seated at a nice corner table upstairs, even though I don't recall an upstairs last time.  Our server up there was welcoming and attentive.  We made a comment amongst each other that its weird when its assumed just because you have a beverage that you do not want a glass of water.  It would have been nice, but honestly no room on the small table so we didn't bother asking.  The lighting was a little too dim - we had to use the small tea light candles and hover them over the menu.  I would suggest bigger candles or more lighting to read the menu's.  Decided we would all split a couple of pizzas for a nice variety:Margherita --refreshing Prosciutto Funghi --a little charred, but still deliciousSalsiccia Cipolla-- my favorite, as in I could eat 5 to myself because I wouldn't stopWe devoured these pizzas in I'd say no less than 5 minutes.  It was a perfect amount for the four of us.  Not unbutton your pants I'm so full, but definitely the perfect amount to satisfy.  The two that hadn't been here before (the boys) kept talking about how great it was when we left.  I'll be back!
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2011,4/29/2012,221,439,11,11,6>Holy plaid-ness!  Well, I'm glad I fit in easily with the waitstaff since I own a million plaid shirts.  So here's the plan for next time I come by: I am going to sneak in to the kitchen and add salt to every dish because everything we ordered was BLAND BLAND BLAND.  I got their interpretation of Corned Beef Hash (fingerling potatoes and cubes of steak) and with the amount of meat and vegetables, I felt it should have been more flavorful.  Unfortunately, I had to smother it in ketchup in order to finish it.  I think Skillet Diner has promise, but the 30 minute wait for a table of 2 is not worth it.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,4/28/2012,3276,1443,21,20,24>"GREAT BALLS OF FIRE!"  It's A COMET![Grab your PBR and run for your life...to the STAGE!  But grab a hot dog outside first a the dog stand if you are gonna be drinking, SRSLY!] :DSITREPI LOVE this place!!!  So I must give my warning:  "DIVE!  DIVE!  DIVE!"  NO.  That is not a command with the KLAXON HORN alert indicating that a SUB is SUBMERGING, but rather the heads-up that we have entered the "DIVE BAR" ZONEAnd in all fairness, the first question you might ask yourselves - or more likely, your FRIENDS will ask you - "How the hell did we end up here?!?"  I don't know.  It could have been a NUMBER of reasons:*  Perhaps the reservation list at TANGO or TABLE 219 tapped out and you couldn't get in...?  (I look perturbed at my roommate...)*  Maybe there was too long of a line at NEIGHBORS DISCO...?   (okay....maybe this ISN'T so bad......)...?*  Or your friends did not get you in on the guest list at THE MERCURY.... (dagnapit!  The worlds gonna end now....IN THE BLAZE OF A COMET!)THE SET-UPWhatever the reason, THE COMET is like that #2 (or #3 OR #4) choice... waiting for you to notice it.  To give it a glance.  To walk over and hear you say with candid (desperate) certainty, "Hey Baby, my plans sorta kinda fell thru, and I noticed you standing here.  Mind if I hang with you?"  And with a fluttering eyelash and winsome smooch, you are in the door, taking in the grime, the wood, the surly security, but the genuinely fun crowd and kick-ass music!  So the COMET truly becomes the delicious lemonade when all you thought you had were some sour lemons....a stale lime.... and some other truly bad citrus).THE MUSICAnd WHAT a delicious dirty, divy, deviant setting to listen to hungry bands and wailing rock songs!  And all the while whettin your whistle with stalwart beer PBR....in the freakin can!  Hahaha!  It doesn't get any better (worse?) than this!The band line-ups are great.  Each night I spend here I don't get disappointed listening to mainly new music from artists who are REALLY striking out to make an impression.And the enthusiastic audience always admires the energetic output of a sincere performer.SERENDIPITYOne night I was here, I actually ran into (and, YES, hung out with) RACHEL HAYWIRE of all people - that extremely talented promoter of self promotion and internet-music babe.  I hear what my friends have to say about her music-promotions and album-releases, but for the record, I had a blast trading quips and PBRs with the spriteful little vixen!  (In fact that whole weekend was full of "Rachel" sightings...at the Rebar, Noc Noc, Pioneer Square, giving me a ride home...yeah...TOTALLY random crap...)But that's the COMET for ya:  Great music.  Awesome drinks.  Cheap Girls... (wait.....wait..... "Awesome Music.  Cheap Drinks.  Great Girls...?"  Naw, right the first time), Great music, Awesome drinks, and Cheap Girls!  Woo!THE LOWDOWN"For a good time, call"....no no no....JUST SHOW UP!  They'll love you for it!  And you'll love them for it!  [And grab a hot dog from the boys & gals at the Comet Dog stand outside!]
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,4/27/2012,98,643,4,8,8>I've been spending all my loving at KneeHigh Stocking all this time, that I failed to give such props to Tavern. If you're a first timer, I'd advise going during the weeknight because the weekends are so damn packed! I've been there twice and both times were right by the chilly doorway. The happy menu isn't bad but nothing lethal enough to keep you away. I started with a gin-infused Earl Grey tea that was a perfect lighter start to the night. One thing that certainly pops is the freshness of all the juices and mixtures used here. You can see it all made right on the bar, in fact I was so tempted to reach out at some grapefruit left on the table. I have yet to try the food here, but nothing has really caught my eye since it still seems to be in the typical range of glamorized pub food. Hey I've got no complaints here, and can't wait to come back for a second round. Just maybe on a Wednesday night so I can fully enjoy the craft of my cocktail.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,4/26/2012,220,284,12,12,14>In a flurry of (fake) pearls, (fake) cigars and (fake) cigarette holders, my friends and I stormed the Backdoor at Roxy's with complete and utter aplomb decked out in head to toe 1920's attire. From its origins as an old record store, this place has completely undergone a magical transformation. Chandeliers, soft lighting, wistful murals and hello, is that a FREE SELF-SERVE POPCORN machine?! With jaw dropping prices and a solid selection of Prohibition era drinks, the experience couldn't be anything short of 5 stars. Our group ordered up sweet potato latkes with a creamy sauce, pickled veggies, white fish cannelloni, steak, mussels and much much more. Everything is a la carte but with $9 steak and $3-5 appetizers all zee time, it wasn't difficult to clear out almost the whole menu. Everything was simple but beautifully done (except the fish & chips came on a plastic lunch platter which was a tad strange). The drinks were strong but pretty tasty with your traditional Manhattans, old fashioned, gins and cleverly named cocktails. They have house vodkas like pear and berry and the bartenders wear jaunty newsboy caps. Snap yo' suspenders awesome. We'll be sending in our group photo since we were dressed era-appropriate and were having a jolly good time. The owner was super nice in accommodating a big group and save for some billing complications at the end (yeah, we were those people ... ), everything was smooth fun sailing.   Man oh man did we feel like the cat's pajamas!
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,4/25/2012,127,122,5,8,6>This place definitely hits the spot whenever I'm having a taco/burrito crave.  Only thing missing off their menu is an enchilada plate. Prices are a little more compared to other trucks I've seen but I'll take it! Open practically all day. Single taco is $1.10 and horchata for $1! Burrito special is 1.99 which is still a steal! Plates including rice and beans can be around $7. If you're in the area and have a taco crave, I'd recommend this spot. They also have a covered seating area for you to eat as well.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,4/24/2012,374,341,9,18,17>I did a tremendous amount of research to find a private, romantic hideaway on Whidbey Island.So many of the B & B's felt too closed in for me. I don't want to hear someone's toilet flushing through the wall, or worse, their private bedroom adventures as they celebrate their anniversary, ahem.As we drove up on the property we were elated to see the bucolic cabin property, surrounded by towering trees and flourishing greenery. There are only a few cabins on the property, along with a large main house, suitable for a big family party or some such celebration.There are little nooks and crannies to hide in and explore, small winding paths that lead you to ponds and secret gardens and the cabin itself, intimate and snug, stocked with breakfast foods (including fresh free-range eggs from the owner's own chickens) snacks, and a small birthday cake the owners left us when I told them we would be spending the night on my boyfriend's birthday.A pool, hot tub, movie library and exercise room put this rustic location on my list of favorites. It's not terribly modern, a bit heavy on the country vibe, but it is a comfortable, secluded gem in the forest.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,4/23/2012,290,437,12,13,11>Do you like meat? Do you like yourself?If the answer to both is yes, I highly recommend you get yourself to Cham ASAP. You [probably] deserve it.It's not much of a secret that Korean food is probably my favorite cuisine -- so it's just my terrible luck that the best Korean BBQ in the state is nearly an hour drive from my house. AYCE that's high quality and amazingly seasoned. One of the nicest business owners EVER, he was incredibly friendly from the get-go and when he asked how we had found him [Yelp, of course, it's been bookmarked for me FOREVER just waiting 'til I've had the time to hit up T-Town] he was so genuinely happy knowing that word of mouth is still the best advertisement [although he was recently interviewed for a newspaper article so, hopefully that'll bring in business too!]My boyfriend and I traveled down to Tacoma to meet with one of his friends and we were all starving -- so it dawned upon me that Cham was nearby, and we went right away. We were lucky enough to show up at the perfect time on a Sunday afternoon -- immediately we ended up at a booth. I've eaten KBBQ a ton but since it was our first time at Cham, the owner gave us a tour and a tutorial -- he gave us all sorts of tips -- like grilling the rolled omelette [and praised me for knowing my Korean food *internal gloating*] and the entire family was around to help with grill swapping and tea/water/rice refills. The meat itself is all so flavorful, but I'm also a huge fan of banchan so I was happy with the all-you-can-eat banchan format! A handful of kimchi varieties to choose from, egg salad [with apples!], gamja jolim [soy sauce cooked potatoes, my favorite!], along with soup... seriously I could have filled up on all the yummy banchan -- however, the meat was so good I was having trouble deciding what I wanted more of!For the amount of delicious food and wonderful hospitality, it was worth every dollar. On the drive home, I told my boyfriend if he is running short on money for any important date, anniversary, birthday, whatever -- I'll be satisfied if he'll at least take me to Cham -- it's just that good!
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2006,7/12/2006,52,101,1,5,2>Crave feels like it was put together by someone who wanted to recreate the experience of accidentally stumbling across an intimate cafe in the middle of a huge European city. It doesn't exactly succeed, but you gotta give them props for trying.Patronized by locals, it has an honest, authentic feel of real life amidst the hustle and bustle of the tourist trade. The food isn't mind-blowing but the service is amicable and pleasant, and it's always fun for us lay-people to get a peek into the kitchen. It's not somewhere that I would normally choose to go, but it's also not somewhere I refuse to go either.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/22/2006,7/11/2006,53,342,1,7,4>This place is pretty good, it's my pizza of choice as far as delivery in Lynnwood goes.  I've never been inside, just ordered from them about a gazillion times.  Their pizza dough is delicious, and I really like the eggplant parmesean pasta.  Their four cheese pizza is just extravagently cheesy...inches of cheese on the top!  They only accept checks if they've delivered to your house at least three times before, FYI.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2006,7/10/2006,35,247,2,5,4>Thai Tom has to be the tiniest little Thai restaurant in the entire world! But who cares about the size when the food rocks? Forget about those expensive, remodeled, fancy Thai restaurants. If you want the best, then go to Thai Tom, he'll never let you down. I don't even know which is my favorite here, everything is just so good! Go Tom!!! Just don't appear at the door in a group of 10 because you'll most likely not find any seating.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2006,7/9/2006,17,54,,3,3>I lived about a block away from Six Arms and it was a great neighbourhood pub.  The decor is very eclectic with copper piping that soars overhead and a grand chandalier.  They play great music to chill to; it's all over the map, but features a lot of good down tempo electronic.  Six arms is a microbrewery, so I'd suggest trying at least one of their brews.  The stout is quite tasty.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2006,7/8/2006,17,88,2,3,3>Update 6/7/08-------------------------------Watch out Ballard and Fremont! Greenwood is slowly on the way to becoming the next "yuppified" suburb of Seattle. The last three visits to the Rickshaw have sealed it......the Rickshaw may be the first indicator that the end is near. The 7 signs?-The locals and regulars have slowly dwindled to nothingness.-The remodel is dangerously close to clashing with the shtick.-There were 50 song slips in waiting by 11pm-The diversity of the clientele has been homogenized to the usual Seattle hip-ster scene (emo boys and tatted-rockabilly wannabees)-My God......the frat boys have made their way up from Fremont.-The crew has almost completely turned over.I am a true capitalist, so kudos to Ginger for taking steps to bring in more money. That being said, I fear this change won't go over well for old-time regulars like me. Goodbye, Rickshaw. You'be been there for me for over 10 years and I will miss the good times.--------------------------------------------------­------------------------------------------Okay, first off, Rickshaw just ain't what it use to be. It's been one of my favorite neighborhood watering holes for years, and bottom line: it's seen better days. The food seems to get worse every year, the turnover of friendly staff seems to get more frequent, and the masses of colorful Karoake stars has dwindled. Weekends can still get pretty busy, but weekdays can be total hit-or-miss.Don't get me wrong, the Rickshaw has never been much more than a local Karaoke dive bar with sub-par food, but it always had a kind of "dive-bar-charm" that can't really be explained. Drinks were always strong and cheap, the staff was well known, the place was always packed, and you knew you would run into someone you knew there. Nowadays, you're lucky if one of these is true for the night. It still has "dive" status, but I think it lost "ultra-dive" status somewhere around the time the smoking ban went into effect (but believe me, you can still smell almost 30 years of nicotine build-up the second you walk in the door!)After all this said, I still got much love for the Rickshaw. I try and make it over at least every couple of weeks and there are still a couple of bartenders and Karaoke hostesses that make it worth it. You'll still see some old faces around from time to time and the place will "rock" occasionally with the sounds of a packed house singing along with someone's horrid rendition of Jovi's "Wanted Dead or Alive". The food still leaves much to be desired, but I still crave some Rickshaw pot-stickers once and a while (and their omelettes in the morning are gargantuan and surprisingly tastey.......... but maybe that's just the hangover talking!)All in all, if you're in the 'hood, stop by the "Legend of Greenwood" that is the Rickshaw. Grab some pot-stickers and a gin and tonic and sing some Kool and the Gang and wonder why you would go anywhere else on a Friday night.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2006,7/7/2006,317,792,4,4,4>Yet again, Yelpers ROCK! A friend and I went to Le Pichet last night based solely on the reviews I read here and it was perfect. It didn't hurt that yesterday was a gorgeous, warm, blooming spring day and the serotonin levels in our brains were through the roof, but wine and cheese at the end of that kind of day makes it unforgettable. We ordered a pichet of pinot blanc (that little clay jug is adorable) and a cheese tray and wolfed down the baguette they brought. I got all the olives to myself. Their olives are so good you should try to bring someone who doesn't like them, like I did. Then you don't have to worry about sharing nicely and insisting that someone else take the last one when really you want it yourself. We split a salad with avocado, prawns, cucumber and peas that was divine on a warm day and then split a dessert of pound cake, raisins and creme sauce with a hint of rum, I think. Maybe brandy, but we didn't care, it melted on the tongue and went straight to the serotonin.It's cute inside with the yellow walls and chalkboard tables, but small. You don't exactly eat family style, but the tables are so close you're definitley sharing space with other diners. Our server recommended the excellent wine to us and showed the patience we always need when taking a long time deciding what to order. The bathroom had a large bouquet of real flowers. I've walked by this place a thousand times and never thought to stop, but I'll be going back a lot. Thanks Yelpers!
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2006,7/6/2006,0,0,3,4,3>I dont' know how you get great stylists to work for great prices (great for YOU ,that is), but they do here. I took my ex here (yes, my ex) to get his hair cut and he loved the result,s although he was sure I'd make him look like a muppet. Nope, he looked hot (still don't want himback, though)...
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2006,7/4/2006,163,911,,5,2>The banner outside still says "Ginko Tea", but inside you'll soon see this place is known as Gossip.  While everyone seems to talk about Yunnie a few doors up, I don't think there's any beating this place.The teas are great, but the smoothies...wow.  The mango one beats the pants off Tully's, and of course those tapiaco bubbles throw a neat twist on it.  Kiwi and Stawberry smoothies are also favorites of mine, as our the Blueberry milk tea, Lavendar drink, and Green Tea Pineapple.Teas are 20 oz and usually around $3.  You don't have to wait long, and the store interior is nicer than the Starbucks up the street, with cool magazines to read and games to play while you're waiting or hanging out with friends.  What else could you want?
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2006,7/3/2006,1,8,1,4,2>Seattle stole Truly Mediterranean from San Francisco.  Which I feel badly about.  But not really.I adore this place.  It makes my Egyptian husband wildly happy.  He says that the shawerma is the most authentic ever, and the babaganouge is perfect.  He also always gets the Greek salad that comes with lots and lots of feta.  And almost inevitably he wants to take home another of their sandwich/wrap things because he will crave it later on that night/next morning.  It's just good.  The falafel is the best anywhere that I have ever had.  I am in love with the dolmas, and their chicken soup, and the spanakopita and their tea.  By now they can virtually put in our order when we get there.  The atmosphere is cozy and the service is extremely friendly and very quick.  We took my parents there the other night and they both loved it as well.  My father is the adventurous type and my mother is a very timid restraunteer, but they both enjoyed the offerings.Go with an empty tummy because I always eat too much here.  It's easy to do when the prices are so reasonable.  Comparatively speaking it's better than Mediterranean Kitchen in my mind.  They stereotypically go overboard on the garlic, which I can tolerate every once in a while, but when I truly want true Mediterranean food then I go here.(that wasn't too cliche was it?)
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2006,7/2/2006,265,131,,2,3>Delicious!  Absolutely good!  I usually get the beef brisket and hot links and top it off with some lemon cake.  I have to say that I have NOT met "THE MAN."  I can't handle too much spicy.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2008,2/4/2008,79,135,10,13,12>This place has to be the best find of the year for me so far.  Thanks to Yelp.  They have it all: Affordable and delicious food, great service and clean restaurant.  Szechuan Noodle Bowl simply is a gem!  Since I found out about this place last month, I have already been there three times.  I have had the Spicy Brown Beef Noodle Soup, Pork and Chives dumplings, Green Onion Pancake...I have to stop here for second.  Their Green Onion Pancake deserves more than just a pause.  It is so darn good.  It's plump, it's crispy AND chewy, it's flavorful, it is the best in town.  Yes, I said it.  I dare you to tell me a place that has better Green Onion Pancakes.  You HAVE to order this if you are here.  Thank you Green Onion Pancake, you complete me.... You know what's great about this place?  Other than the Pancakes, of course.  It's the simplicity of their dishes.  All their dishes have such simple and clean taste to them.  They may not be packed with colorful or in your face flavors but it is delicious by being simple and clean tasting.  I REALLY appreciate this place for that.  The dishes got very soothing and therapeutic qualities to them for some reason for me.  Also unlike a lot of Asian restaurants, they do not use excessive salt so you can really taste the food.  The ladies in there are great.  They are very kind and friendly.  They will explain if you have any questions.  I love how they are always hand crafting the dumplings every time we go there.TRY THE GREEN ONION PANCAKES!!!
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2007,2/3/2008,93,300,13,10,6>This is fast food, but it's fresh, family made, and packed with flavor. This place serves burgers and Greek-style gyros and salads. They make their own humice, Greek dressing, gyros meat, burgers, baklava, and I think they make their own pitas. It's close to SPU campus so it can be crowded during the school year at times. I have bet money that they will expand within five years to meet their obvious demand. Everyone I know loves that place. They know me by name, and that's cool. Actually, they call me "Lorna" which is not my name. But, at least they know me by *a* name, and they try. The food, service and atmosphere are all that matters and they rock.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,2/1/2008,286,643,13,15,10>Yeah... I got my eyes DILATED! I CAN"T SEE! I AM TYPING IN UPPERCASE!!Ok, after waiting an hour I can see a little better to type my review. I have been bad bad girl.. not getting my eyes checked for God knows how long. OOOPS. So lately my eyes have been tired, strained, and just hurting. Along comes my appointment. Dr. Peters was very informative on what he was going to do, explained why my eyes hurt... (I am farsighted and my eyes strain even to see distances). Although this eye dilation makes me look like an anime character, I will not be missing an eye exam anytime soon. Roxana is a ROCK star and picked out my new glasses ... the FIRST ones she showed me were the winners. She is a glasses whisperer. And, even better, my glasses prescription is IN stock, so I get today! My insurance covered a good portion of my glasses and exam, so I am a happy camper... hopefully the anime eyes will go away soon.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2008,1/31/2008,204,297,21,13,11>Love Peso's.  Best hangover breakfast ever.  I don't really mind the way it gets really packed at night and features a high DB percentage... especially if I am safely ensconced in a protective booth, giving me a nice 'Bag buffer.  There is nothing better for entertainment than some DB watching.  Why, just last night at Peso's, I watched a trio of Douchey McMassengills compete for this one girl's attention.  She wasn't even that cute, I'm not sure why the cluster f***.  Anyway, using his finely honed skillz, one guy eventually won out and we had a good ol' time critiquing their face-sucking techniques for the next 30 minutes.  It was kind of impressive, they didn't even come up for air that whole time!So, the migas rule, and I really love the way Peso's is decorated with lots of handmade art.  Wrought iron candle holders, lots of Dia de los Muertos type skeletons, and the hand made solid wood table tops are nice to look at if you get tired of the DB Show.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2008,1/30/2008,32,143,20,10,12>I have a confession to make.One night, I stopped by Trophy. And I picked up four cupcakes. Four different cupcakes. Plain, Red Velvet, Carrot Cake and something lemony. I was going to eat one and share the rest with my neighbors. Or maybe even share all four! But my neighbors were not home. And so I had a slice of one. And then tried another. And then, the other two. And I ended up eating almost all of those four moist fluffy puffs of joy slathered in buttercream creamcheese sugary joy. And by almost, I mean, "there were some crumbs remaining."Disgusting and shameful...but it was my destiny.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,1/29/2008,70,154,17,9,5>Ok... gather around nice and close.  Now this is something the other yelp reviewers won't tell you. In this particular restaurant, the bartenders have what they call "Cajun Gin".  And one night in a semi-drunken state or "stupor" I ordered several glasses or "shots" of Cajun Gin.  And if this wasn't the dumbest thing I did all night, I proceeded to eat a bucket of crawfish and seafood etoufee while washing it down with some pan-fried oysters...  Ok, this way to the restrooms!
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,1/27/2008,128,407,10,12,12>Now back in the day, when Carrie H. was Carrie B. and was a wee lass, she got her first job here.  She never stamped before (and still doesn't 10+ years later), but her friend got a job here and you know in high school how important it is to work with your friends.As an employee, the managers were nice and soon taught me the ways of stamping, embossing, and such.I then was able to use my stamping skills and pass this on to the customers.  As far as stamp stores go, you don't get much BIGGER than this one - talk about square footage!  This location always has a huge selection of stamps, paper, ink, etc... and if you wanted something that wasn't on the shelf but knew it existed, they can always order it for you.Very laid back store, but myself and my coworkers helped the customers with any project - big or small.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,1/26/2008,71,114,9,8,9>I walk through this park at least once almost every single day of my life. It's probably the loveliest part of my commute. Last Sunday I was up early, there was a light flurry of snow blustering around, and the water in one part of the reservoir pool was lightly frozen over... and I felt like I was wandering through an urban Christmas card. Aww.Okay, so the crackheads and public bathrooms and drunk teenagers aren't quite as precious buuuuut I appreciate them too. It's Capitol Hill, what do you expect?! Even at its most ghetto, I never feel unsafe passing through. Sometimes I get off work (or, more likely, barhopping) past midnight and I can still cut right through Cal Anderson without worrying about getting accosted or anything. It's well-lit and I feel like... someone would hear me if I screamed? Comforting. Cal Anderson has everything: you can walk your dog, play sports, read a book, go jogging, and score drugs (not that I really do any of these things, but in theory, I could! It's nice to know you have the option). I would remove one star just for the people who wade in the water, or even worse, let their little children play in it unsupervised... that just CAN'T be sanitary. Come on. Gross. But that's not the park's fault, therefore I give it maximum props for convenience, usefulness, prettiness... it's the Central Park of my neighborhood. (Uh.. kind of.)
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,1/25/2008,191,70,12,22,19>Holy freaking tapasooolos!$7 Wine Tuesdays! As in: "the bottles are over there, the wine key is on the table, feel free."We totally stumbled upon this happy event last Tuesday and went back the following. The spaces are individual and well thought out (like Gaudy's Broadway relative). The food was good, and interesting, though having been there two weeks in a row switching up the tapas menu a bit would have been incrementally more interesting. The owner/manager/guy running the place is wonderfully accommodating and entertaining - I owe him my thanks for seating us the first time and for letting us lounge around for 2 hours (!! I had no idea..) when they were just as busy last night.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2007,1/24/2008,164,329,12,15,16>you want me to do what?!?!? ARE YOU SERIOUS?????that's what i asked my boss when she told me what i had to do for a volunteer project for work...i had the opportunity to volunteer a few weeks ago as a server for their "guest chef night" with the company i work for so my review is based strictly on this experience.guest chef night in a nutshell is like so:-guest chef prepares a 3-course meal -chef is assisted in food preparation by students in the fare start program-volunteers (like me!!) come in and play the part of servers for all those who dine that evening-we are thanked by getting to eat what was served at the end of the night as well as share a glass of wine with all the volunteers... SCORE!!!because i had absolutely no experience in the food and service industry i had no clue what to expect. we arrived at 5... had about a half hour of training and then WHAM BAM THANK YOU MA'AM we were out there ready to serve some food!! : )with the assistance of our "team captains" the night went by like a breeze and i even more so now appreciate those that work in the industry... thank you thank you thank you!!!farestart is a terrific program!! i had never heard of it until i volunteered and now look forward to going in to dine myself!! especially when this 3-course meal is ALWAYS $24.95 a person and 100% of the proceeds go right back into the program!!!i suggest a yelp outing here soon... who's with me?!?!?!: )
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,6/24/2012,18,83,4,7,4>I asked Jesus for a Parisienne style butcher shop in my neighborhood. Viola! Upper Fremont has been granted the superb Dot's Delicatessen. House made charcuterie, gorgeous red cuts of steak, super fresh chicken, and lucious rillette and terrine. For top quality meat, this is a bargain, cheaper than shopping at the farmer's market. Grab anything from the meat counter, ask the staff how to cook/eat it, and you'll be on your way to a memorable dinner. Heads up: they close at 7:00pm.Thank you, Jesus. Does this mean I have to start going to church?Edited: Dot's has extended its hours and now closes at 8:00. Thank you again, J.C.!
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,6/23/2012,204,230,4,5,6>I am so appreciative and grateful that Seattle offers such a gem as Seattle Caviar Company. First, it's nice that there is a destination for ingredients for your fancier dishes from the Rover's cookbook.  Also, as noted by other Yelpers, they offer a CAVIAR TASTING - [Insert crowd roar here] - for $10 or free if you purchase a jar of caviar.  Do it, do it, I say (the tasting, that is). You elevate your palate each and every time you do.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,6/22/2012,101,327,45,11,11>((docked a star cuz the line took forever and a day))Sunday was King Crab buffet night at the Snoqualmie Casino (regularly priced at $34.95 per person). With a combination of coupons, card points, and discounts, I calculated that a king crab buffet gorge for two people would come out to a grand total of $12.95. Total steal!As the proud offspring of an extremely large first-generation Asian family, I have been trained from birth to take full advantage of an all-you-can-eat buffet in the most economical way. So on that lovely Sunday evening, my buffet routine went a little like this:(1) Stop eating the night before. This applies for buffet breakfasts, brunches, lunches, and YES- dinners, on the following day. You may ingest some water if your stomach acids start acting up to the point of moderate discomfort.(2) Drive to buffet. Pay cashier.(3) Quickly scan the layout of the buffet area, and identify the seafood section. You will NOT dare to even LOOK at the other food choices available, as they are most likely carbo-loaded inexpensive "filler" foods, intended to trick you.(4) However, do load up on a plate of desserts to begin with. Because, if you do your buffet-ing right, there is no way you will enjoy it after your hefty meal.(5) Request a table that has an unobstructed, direct path to the king crab booth.(6) If beverages are complimentary (which they usually are), skip and ask for water instead. Carbonated, sugary beverages are a sly tactic to get customers to fill up on cheap liquids and eat less. You will not fall for this!(7) Pick up a plate of king crab. Devour.(8) Repeat Step 7 until your body starts showing strong signs of rejection (inability to swallow, shallow breathing, desire to vomit).(9) Crawl out and call it a night.Now, as I was happily getting into my third plate of delicious, meaty crab leg, a teenage girl and her parents sat down in the booth next to us. Apparently, they were buffet virgins, as I overheard the father explaining to the two women what a buffet was. "No one is coming to serve you", he said to his disappointed daughter. "You have to get up and take a plate, and you can get whatever you want, okay?". The girl sighed, got up, and came back....with two slices of pizza. I openly rolled my eyes in disgust. When the waiter came over to offer her a complimentary beverage, she refused and whined for a chocolate milkshake until her parents forked out $3.75 for one. Inconceivable! I murmured to JL, "Si fuera mi hija (if that were my daughter)...PASH!*". Smack the daughter for consuming carbohydrates at a seafood buffet, smack the mother for raising her daughter wrong.When I have children, I will purposely malnutrition them so that they can get the child's buffet price for a few extra years. I will burn their Pokemon cards and Hello Kitty pencil boxes if they dare to eat on the day of a buffet. And if they do not eat their money's worth, I am leaving them unattended at a Chuck-E-Cheese, with zero tokens and no cell phone. They shall learn, the hard way. But they shall learn.That is all.* PASH [n.]: the sound of a chancla (sandal) as it hits the wrongdoer upside the head, usually to teach a lesson.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,6/21/2012,114,197,5,14,11>Service is thoughtful, wise and caring. One of the owners, Rene, is very passionate about his new culinary investment. They had me at "hello" due to the above. Red walls. Candles. Wines. Beer. Small plates galore. Oysters. Dates. Anchovy with grapefruit. Pork Rillette. Beef tongue. Pork Belly. Moulard Duck. Skirt Steak. Entrees are also available in small plates. The menu is always changing and evolving. The only item to remain stationary during their first month is the dates. Get the dates. Love them. Cherish them. I did. Psst...Overhead that they will create a three course tasting menu for $30 or a 5 course for $50. The possibilities are endless! I like it. I'm happy. I'm grateful. Blind Pig is in my hood and they are my new drive-by. If you are looking for a low key night to kick back and relax, taste AMAZING flavors, then this is your place. Talk, sip, laugh and bite. Enjoy!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,6/20/2012,120,129,6,7,6>Mashiko is definitely the best Sushi restaurant on the west side with the main focus on sustainable and local ingredients.  I have been here several times for dinner, but this visit was extra special because my gf and I got to sit at the sushi counter and interact with the chefs.During our meal we had the chirashi bowl, miso saba, and seaweed salad.  The owner Chef Saito was very friendly and informative.  It was great to have a good homely conversation about the area and of course the food.Can't wait to come back and make this a monthly trip!
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,6/19/2012,142,176,9,9,11>Let me just start by saying that the BBQ here is soooo GOOD! Initially, I really wasn't sure what to expect given the sketchy neighborhood and the creepies that sometimes wander around from the bus stop, but despite all of that, this place is fabulousssss! Everyone I've encountered here is SO incredibly nice and everyone is very patient as I take my time staring at the menu for a good 10 minutes, even though I get the same exact thing every single time. What can I say? When I find something good, I stick to it, although I really would like to try something new in the future.So, I don't even like pork, but their pulled pork sandwich is something that I constantly find myself craving. I don't even know how this is possible, but the first time I had the sandwich I stopped and was like OMG... then I proceeded to devour the rest of it. There is SO much meat piled on that thing, it's insane! And it isn't sopping wet with sauce, so I was wondering if it would still be tasty enough, but the flavor of the meat itself is amazingly delicious. Also, I sometimes get the brisket by the pound. And oddly enough, you actually get the amount that you order! I've been to several BBQ joints where I've ordered a pound of something, received my order, and been like WTF?! Where's the rest of it?! Definitely not the case here and they give a container of BBQ sauce to go with it. It's so good. Slightly sweet, but also tangy and a little spicy. This place is seriously yummy and a bargain considering how much they give you! Best BBQ sandwich I've had in Seattle, hands down! They also accept cards with a small fee - I think it's $0.65 or something like that. My only complaint is that I wish they had more sides that are not fried. I love to eat my BBQ with salads!!! I've seen macaroni salad in the glass case. I've never had theirs, but I'm typically not a fan. Wish they'd add some potato salad to the menu... then it'd be the perfect one stop shop: BBQ sandwich, potato salad, and a 40 oz of OE. Ahahaha. JK about that last one. Kinda.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,6/18/2012,86,498,6,11,8>Back in 2007 when I was a real estate agent I was showing a client homes in Mukilteo when he asked if I'd ever been to the Grouchy Chef.  I said no and he told me it was like the Soup Nazi on Seinfield - with an amazing four course dinner.Since that day I have wanted to come here but have never made it in, until today....After a long day at work and on a complete whim I called to see if he could fit the wife and I in for dinner tonight.  He said he was pretty booked but could get us in at 7:30 - that worked fine for us.  Knowing the reputation of the place we did a quick read up of other reviews to ensure we didn't get yelled at too much first time around.  Upon arrival it was clear that studying wasn't necessary as there are plenty of signs and instructions given to you there.I was nervous about the food - having no clue what I was going to get other than my main course, which I got to choose, made me wary, but I am glad I went.The soup was a chicken/veggie/lentil/noodle soup that was delicious.  Just the right amount of salt and spice and served nice and hot.  The salad wowed us.  It was mixed greens with the perfect amount of dressing alongside fruit, crunchy breadsticks and a sweet toasted bread.  Tomatoes and blue cheese made this salad not only gorgeous but more of a meal.  For our main course we went with the steak.  The wife got the roasted potatoes while I opted for the bacon infused polenta.  All the above were perfect.  The food portions are a good size, I was worried I wouldn't have room for dessert and the wife didn't want to offend the chef so she ate the end of my steak and polenta when the chef wasn't looking. :)  The dessert - ahhhh the dessert.  It was a sampler plate with a scoop of sorbet, a scoop of lemongrass ice cream, a cheesecake, a chocolate torte and flan.  I was glad I didn't finish my steak so that I could eat every bite of the dessert.We spent $55 (including $10 donation to breast cancer) for the two of us - each had 4 course steak dinners and the wife a beer.The chef was to the point.  We didn't have a single moment of "grouchiness" from him.  He tells you don't use the linen on your mouth, use the paper napkin.  The signs tell you the rest.  As long as you follow the rules you're okay.I'm excited to go back again.  I'm bummed I took so long to get here, but now I have gone I'm going to become a regular quick.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,6/17/2012,325,469,7,9,8>After having a craving for ribs and doing a quick search on Yelp I found RoRo. I hadn't even heard of it but based on the reviews I thought it'd be good to check out. How can you not like an establishment that plays old school cartoons?My buddy and I both ordered the ribs and I chose mac and cheese and corn bread for my sides with a sweet lemon tea as a drink. I was somewhat worried about the sweet tea. I love iced tea but don't typically like it sweet (I also happen to love it in long island form, but totally different) so wasn't sure what to expect. Thankfully, it was really tangy and tart from the lemon and just a smidge sweet. Best of all, free refills and I never even had to ask for more.... my glass was just always topped off!The pork ribs came in a generous portion and were so incredibly tender. I loved the variety of sauces at your table to choose from. The RoRo sauce (or whatever it's called) was my favorite but I enjoyed all of them. The meat itself was nice and smokey and I can't emphasize how tender it was. It was pretty lukewarm and it would have been nice had it been served hotter. The sides were okay. The corn bread was the better of the sides and was sweet and crumbly but not too dry. The mac and cheese was really heavy handed on the pepper and really lacked salt. It's a pet peeve to eat food that lacks salt and it seemed they didn't add any. I'll definitely pass on the mac and cheese next time especially since so many other sides sounded good. I didn't try the sides my friend ordered, but they seemed to enjoy them.Despite lukewarm meat and mediocre mac and cheese, RoRo still gets 4 stars. Why? The service. The lady who primarily took care of us was so incredibly friendly and I practically felt like a kind stranger had invited us in for a family dinner. Plus, the meat was so tender!
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/16/2012,269,407,4,6,7>RED VELVET CUPCAKES! if you are a red velvet fan, then look no further. i've gotten used to the cupcake on steroid - overcompensating with frosting or some exotic flavor. but let's go back to a simpler time when it's just good ingredients, standard size and a little bit of frosting. it's delicious!i came here to pick up 2 dozen cupcakes for a party. some things to note:- you should call in your order and when you will pick up- location: i live in west seattle and this place is in west seattle and i never heard of this place. it's in a nondescript commercial building near the YMCA. so just follow the address and go inside. i ended up going through another commercial kitchen and they told me where to go.- you basically walk into her industrial kitchen. so don't expect some fancy, cutesy bakery.- the owner was very friendly and she showed me her viewing book. she was happy to tell me that she also loves doing cakes, wedding cakes, and particularly cakes with images (like getting your face on a cake - how awesome is that!).
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,6/15/2012,267,579,18,13,14>Has anyone else ever felt like the entrance to this place screams Harry Potter?  No?  Oh I see.  After dinner at Wasabi, we went here to meet Legs for a drink even though she was unaware we were even coming, and we arrived to find that the place was crowded and thus we had to wait outside.  Honestly, I'm totally ok with this.  I think it's great that they know how to keep their bar/lounge at capacity without having people standing around waiting to dive down each others' throats for a chance to sit down.  Plus, I like the Seattle drizzle, but I do understand how it could be slightly more annoying for ladies battling the frizz with no umbrella...Once we got in, we made our way downstairs to the back room and were able to find a few seats (and a coffee table?) to sit on for about five minutes while a large group of charmingly wasted fellas wish-washed over whether or not to leave.  A waitress came by and we ordered a round - pricy but not extravagant - and by the time we were into the first drinks the guys willed themselves to leave and we migrated to the comfier seating.  I'm not sure, looking back, how I would best classify Bathtub Gin, as I can see how if you got the right space it could easily be a long night venue, but still, I feel like this is a really good one or two drink spot before or after the main event.  P.S.  If two attractive young women come in with their mother, is it inappropriate to flirt with them?
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,9/10/2014,199,210,5,12,12>I love this place. Every time I visit, the lady who runs the register is super friendly and cheerful. Theor bread is a delicious, light baguette, and while it does drop a number of crumbs, the bread has always been perfectly fresh for me.I tend to order the genoa/pepperoni/pesto, prosciutto/genoa or the roast beef/pepper jack. All of these come with spicy cherry peppers, which I think make the sandwich. I find that a small is sufficient for my lunchtime appetite. If you take their punch card, you get a free cookie with every $20 you spend, which is easy to do. They also have a handy online ordering system. It's really intuitive and can remember your favorite orders. I order and by the time I have walked the 2 blocks from my office, the sandwich is waiting in a paper bag with my name on it. Once, when my niece visited my office for her 4th birthday, I ordered a PB&J for her and mentioned it in the special instructions section of the order form. When I picked up the sandwich there was a happy birthday message written all over the wrapper, including colored hearts. My niece loved it. And I got a couple bites: it was a hell of a PB&J!One final bit of praise: the other day I ordered online before getting pulled into a meeting where lunch was served. I got a text message from someone at Pane Pane reminding me that the sandwich was there. When I asked if they could just put it in the fridge so I could pick it up the next day, they said they'd just eat it for their lunch and give me the same order for free the next day. So nice of them. My new go-to for a quick sandwich downtown.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,9/9/2014,40,193,5,12,8>I love being able to give a 5 star review based ONLY on the beer.  Holy crap the beer here is great!  Bad Jimmy's really is experimenting with a lot of different traditional styles.  Red IPAs, Habanero Ambers, Honey Wheats, AWESOME!  The space is really cool, with some high top and regular tables right in front of their brewing space.  The staff are also fantastic, I've always had the most polite, chatty, cool bartenders.  Prices are great, with a "sad hour" after 10pm putting pints up for $3 each.  Growlers are only 7 dollars....SEVEN DOLLARS, so I walked in the other day and bought 8 of them!  Love love love this spot!
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,9/8/2014,166,111,6,9,8>This restaurant was very delicious! My hubby and I stumbled upon this little gem during Seattle Restaurant Week and we are so glad we tried it!For our starters we had the asparagus salad with bacon bits, pear, and goat? cheese (which was amazing) and the fettucine with clams and cherry tomatoes (a bit on the salty side but still okay). For our entrees we had the Swordfish with Buttered Parsnips, Rapini, Meyer Lemons and Ginger Confit (surprisingly soooo moist!) and the Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Celery Root Puree, Asparagus and Pear, Fennel Seed Chutney (delicious!). For dessert we had the Granny Smith Apple Tarte Tatin with Rum Raisin Ice Cream and Caramel Sauce (hubby liked it...I'm not a big fan of cooked apples...) and the Chocolate Hazelnut Torte with Whipped Cream and Raspberries (YUM!).Apparently they change print their menus nightly and they tweak it a little. Service was EXCELLENT I might add.I would definitely come here again!
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/7/2014,104,65,13,16,14>Oh my goodness. This is EASILY one of my new favorite Mexican restaurants.Taste: 5/5Let me start off by saying that if you order off the lunch menu, you're not gonna get a ton of food. My lunch special burrito, was basically the size of taquito, not even exaggerating. I also had a chicken taco, which was yummy, but interestingly enough, had rice in it. Don't get me wrong, the food and flavor was still delicious. So you're probably wondering why I'm giving it 5 stars. Two words, AGUA FRESCA. Today's variety was cantaloupe flavor. I could drink that every day of my life, and I dream about it!! Churros were also one of the best that I've ever had, it was filled with some butter carmel and served with a chocolate sauce. Value: 4/5 My burrito was lackluster, but my roommate's tequila burrito for 10$ was humungous. It was the size of his head, and was also excellent. Churros were a little expensive right under $4, and the lunch specials were all $6.99 and probably not worth it. However, everything was right around the $10 range and definitely well worth the value. Open salsa bar as well!!Service: 4/5Nice people, food came out in a reasonable time. You fill up your own drinks, meaning free refills on that amazing agua fresca :)Decor: 4/5Pretty big restaurant. Everything was clean!The food was good, and the drink was absolutely amazing!!!!
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,9/6/2014,121,559,4,12,10>Entirely based on the Yelp rating, I suggested my co-worker we try this restaurant for lunch.The restaurant had a very clean and modern look with white walls and black tables and chairs. The space was open and able to accommodate large groups.My heart oscillated between Pad Ma Kheua (eggplant and tofu) and Pad See Eew (wide rice noodles with sweet black soy sauce), but in the end, the noodle dish (4 stars) edged out the eggplant dish. My co-worker ordered Gang Dang (red curry) with deep-fried tofu (5 stars).The food took seemingly forever to come out, but when it did, it was beautiful! Both 4 and 5 stars were spicy, but not insanely spicy. I would have liked some cilantro, bean sprouts, or more veggies, but over all, I am quite pleased with the quality and quantity of my noodle dish. My co-worker's curry was quite delicious as well. It was coconut-y, but you could still taste everything else in the curry.Attentive and friendly staff made sure we had enough water and we were satisfied with our meals. I think I've found a new favourite Thai restaurant now.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,9/5/2014,307,492,13,11,12>Holy Mother.I wanted to go on a foodie-date with my bf and try a place we haven't been before. So after what seemed like hours on Yelp, I was lucky enough to get a reservation at Tanglewood Supreme. And supreme it is.The restaurant is very small and is somewhat "hidden" on a small street. (Or maybe it's not hidden at all, and I wasn't wearing my glasses.) There are about 10 tables or so, plus bar seating. The noise level in here was pretty high, but we were still able to have a conversation, so no biggie.The menu is small, but it's not underwhelming by any means. I was stuck between a couple of dishes, but ended up choosing the quinoa & pear salad and the bacon-coated chicken breast. My bf got the potato broth soup and the Oregon Lamb Osso Bucco. I started the dinner off with two Cha Cha Cha Cherry Bombs. Mind you, they were one after the other, not two at a time. Not too sweet but cherry enough... and it sure helped to take the edge off the stressful week I had. My salad was great-- I wish I could make my quinoa at home. Time to do some experimenting! I had a taste of the lamb, and it was very tender and juicy. I liked it until I realized what he actually had ordered. (I have this thing for eating meats other than beef, chicken, turkey, and fish. Don't judge.) The mashed potatoes were incredible... it was like little heavenly potato clouds. I gotta get my Thanksgiving mashed potatoes up to par! Oh. And the  brussels sprouts that came with my entree? I have never seen or tasted more ideally cooked sprouts. They were a gorgeous green color, not mushy, but nowhere NEAR overcooked, so it was more like a sweet intense cabbage than a kale-cousin. (Can you tell that I overcook my sprouts?)BUT THE CHICKEN AND POTATO SOUP, THOUGH.Oh man. The chicken. It was so perfectly cooked, so wonderfully breaded... I feel like Homer Simpson thinking about a frosted pink donut, drooling all over my keyboard. DAMN that chicken was great. ...lest I forget the soup. It was... like a gourmet loaded baked potato soup, but just the broth that you'd get from it. I wanted 3 more bowls. But it wasn't even mine. (My bf was a sweetheart and traded me the last half of my salad for the last half of his liquid heaven.) Get a little Tangle taste. Or two. You won't be sorry. Or at a minimum, maybe you'll be inspired to cook your own dinners that much better... because now you know it can be done. And knowing is half the battle.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,9/4/2014,346,151,8,15,14>The staff here is very polite.I was looking for a low carb lunch option and found a good one on the menu I had for this place. I called in my order and headed over to pick it up. When I got there I told the lady at the register that I had called in an order and she said said "The Healthy Garlic Fish." I had told her I had ordered #6 the Low Carb Mini Plate and she said I must of had an old menu, which I did, but that she could change the order. I could see the fish on the grill and I was starving so I told her it was fine but she told me it would be no problem, which I appreciated but I politely declined. Now that is the type of customer service that I really appreciate and is unfortunately hard to find these days.After they guy handed me my meal he wished me a good day and I thought that was a nice touch, he seemed to genuinely care and like his job. When I got back to work I realized I had made a good choice going with the fish meal. There were two big fish fillets, grilled nicely on top of rice, salad and some cabbage. There were two little side cups with ranch for the salad and a "fry sauce" type sauce in the other container for the fish. It was a nice big healthy meal.I've been here before and I'll definitely return. I really appreciated the extra nice customer service here and the food is great too.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,9/3/2014,595,1498,6,10,11>Hamilton Viewpoint Park is located just above Alki. Drive down California Ave in West Seattle towards Alki to find it. The park makes for a nice pit stop before driving down to Alki Beach located just below this viewpoint via a winding road. If you are driving to the viewpoint from Alki, make a left turn up the road after passing Marination Ma Kai.The view here is similar to what you would find at Alki except that you get a higher elevation view which makes for a slightly better shot. There are some public telescopes at this viewpoint also. Not much seating here. I guess you could have a picnic on the grass here, but I would prefer doing that at Alki instead.If you are looking for a spot in West Seattle to get great shots of the Seattle skyline, check out Hamilton Viewpoint.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/2/2014,310,289,11,13,12>About 20 steps off the water in Downtown Kirkland you will find the downtown's newest addition just in time for summer shenanigans. The space underneath the Lodge ( and next to Vovina) just got a sporty, green face lift.   9 holes +  24 craft beers = fun!Feeling the urge to up your game on the perpetual quest for improvement? Grab a putter (just $6) and get to it. Watch out for hole #3. It's a doozy.The set up is casual. Good for dudes or date night or starting a new habit.  I played through twice- no lie.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,9/1/2014,79,103,6,9,10>Went here for my sister's birthday party with the family. I loved that this place was family style and so we were able to share a lot of different dishes together. Their crab salad is by far one of the BEST salads I've ever tried ever. Their tomato soup and their butternut squash soup were PERFECTLY seasoned and delicious. Their steak was super tender and cooked Medium rare like we asked! Their apple fritters (I think that's what they were called?) were delicious with just the right amount of each ingredient... I had a GREAT experience here with the staff AND the food! I haven't tried their happy hour yet but will update if I'm up in Uville again! :D
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,7/25/2010,92,228,11,9,9>THEY DELIVER!I happen to work over in the First Hill/Cap Hill area and found out that they deliver (for free in this area!) with a minimum order of 6 cupcakes.  So I started recruiting coworkers.32 cupcakes later...We ordered 48 hours in advance (because we fell into the "two dozen or more" category) and had quite the assortment of flavors.  (Ask them on the phone what they can and can't do.)  They showed up (early!) with three boxes full of cupcakes.  LABELED boxes.  Good heavens do I love it when places are considerate and label the insides so you know which cupcake is which.I am still getting everyone their cupcakes as I write this, but I think I might've turned my entire office onto this place.  Aside from the fact that they're gorgeous as all get out to look at, people are lovin' how great they are.  The reviews are "not too sweet" and "so much flavor" and "omgthecakeissomoist" (I think...that one was said around a mouthful of cupcake, so I can't be sure...)Guys, seriously, you rock.  You TOTALLY made my week.  We will be ordering from you again.  I promise.  OH MAN, CUPCAKES THAT COME TO ME!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,7/24/2010,779,709,8,9,9>Another lovely addition to the Juanita area is found in Noppakao.Don, co-adventurer and neighbor, introduced me to this earlier this year, and I've been back and back again (and they freakin DELIVER)and recently visited again with Will. So...of my "i took 6 months to review this damn place, *this* one has a recent visit! ha!The Larb Gai is my favorite appetizer/salad thus far, the Thai Fried Rice is fantastic, and of the curry choices, I have yet to find one I don't like, the panang is my first choice, though.They have plum wine, which I happen to LOVE, and sadly seems harder and harder to find anymore...so that's a bonus as well.If you really want to sit and chat and just take your time, I don't know that I'd recommend eating in here, though. They take service seriously...so Will and I experienced a little watiress whiplash as our waters were filled every 3 minutes (im not kidding) and we were asked every 6 minutes (seriously, i am not kidding) if we were done eating, wanted the check, wanted anything else and if everything was ok. DID I MENTION THEY FREAKIN DELIVER!?
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2010,7/23/2010,609,878,10,18,10>Quaint little place that serves nothing but French Dip, with the only variations being double meat, no cheese, cheddar, swiss, or both (served as half and half), and macaroni salad on the side with each order. So half and halves the three of us get, with the owner, Frank, coming back into the store right as we got our food, telling us to eat them right away because they come pre-dipped in au jus.Takeout doesn't seem like the best option here if you don't plan to eat it within the first few minutes of getting it, because the rolls get really soggy really fast. Overall, the French Dips are decent - hefty portions of roast beef, but as such, the sandwich can be a bit dry, even with all the au jus. I suggest taking some of their awesome horseradish honey mustard with you, because it makes the sandwiches just that much better. The macaroni salads weren't anything to rave about, but it's decent stuff. About $8 for all this, where the sandwich easily makes two meals? Good deal.Chatted it up with Frank a bit while we were eating, and it turns out that they're considering moving and expanding a bit. The whole thing is more of a fun side hobby for him though, since he decided to open up the place on a whim (he owns the entire block almost, and was originally planning to rent that building out), with the French Dips and macaroni salads being family recipes.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,7/22/2010,200,171,9,11,10>Never stand in line at the freakin' post office again!The lovely people who run this place will go through every shipping option available for your package and will always suggest the best deal. And guess what, USPS, it's not always you! Suck on that!One would think that having every option under the sun would take more time. One would be wrong. It's super fast. But if you do ever find yourself waiting, you'll also find yourself chit-chatting with the neighbors and actually enjoying your time in the tiny shop.The best thing at Columbia City Parcel & Post, aside from no lines and smiling friendly people to help you (hear me, USPS? There's a new term for you to google: help) anyhoodle, as I was saying, if your prepaid return box to, oh, let's just say Zappos for the sake of argument, is ready to go, just drop it off and leave. That's it. No fuss no muss. No waiting in an endless line hoping no one goes the proverbial postal while you're standing there, and wondering if the crazy with the semi-automatic might not just be you if you're ever in that endless post office line again.Oh dear, did I just write that?
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,7/21/2010,254,164,27,20,19>A hole in the wall, but what a glorious hole!The aptly named Living Room is intimate, cozy and chill. There's only four beers on tap but spirits are well stocked. A smattering of cozy couches and chairs makes nestling your butt a fine and luxurious act. The private upstairs has all sorts of possibilities. I imagine one could get into the newspapers up there.A great addition to the hill. I will surely be back. And if you are coming up the stairs, try to stamp a little so we can hear you. Thanks.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,7/20/2010,215,299,11,12,11>Ahhh. feel the relaxation. It's like a little zen spa. An urban oasis. Me likey. And if I worked downtown, I'd eat lunch here LikeAlmostEveryDayAndStuff.Peaceful.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,7/19/2010,133,298,16,14,15>So I'm a newbie when it comes to interviewing potential hires at work, but I have to say I learned two valuable lessons about interviewing today.ONE: Getting in an accident on the way back from lunch is bad. Thankfully I missed the car in front of me... but just by thaaaat much. Close call.TWO: When you have $40 sanctioned by HR for a lunch for two, you should definitely go to Mediterranean Kitchen. (Even if you don't have $40 for a lunch for two, you should still come here.)The service is prompt and friendly. Within moments of being seated, we had water, soup, and warm pita bread at the table. I don't know the name of the soup, nor if it rotates from day to day... this felt like a cross between a lentil soup and split pea, and it was definitely tasty. The pita bread was warm, and was served with a tasty vinaigrette for dipping.I had been eying the Farmer's Dish, because it was their specialty (and I love wings), but I'm glad the waiter mentioned the dish would take an extra 15 minutes or so. Can't afford it on an interview time table! So I'll get it next time.Instead, I opted for the Dajaj Mishwi at the recommendation of the server, because it uses a similar sauce. And it was really good - the garlic sauce had a really unique flavor that I couldn't get enough of.Actually, I take it back - I COULD get enough, because the plate was insanely large. A huge pile of rice with tons of chicken on top, and hummus (?) on the side. I came to the restaurant hungry, and still left with half of my meal in a to go container.All up, you're looking at $15 including tax and tip, which is a pretty nice price for what you're getting. It's a bit of a trek from Microsoft, but it's totally worth it for a lunch getaway.BTW, if you're trying to find this place based on the picture up above, take note that the awning is really more dark blue than teal. Not sure if the awning has changed or if the lighting was weird in that picture. There are plenty of teal awnings in the area, but only one Mediterranean Kitchen!
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,7/18/2010,153,164,16,18,20>I thought long and hard before posting this because I'd really hate it if this place suddenly got too busy for me to find a table. But, I always think good ideas and effort should be rewarded, so...I've literally walked past this little pizza nook hundreds of times, over the past decade. It's half a block from where my SO, Judye, works. I had glanced in the window a few times and saw about what I expected: drop ceiling, flourescent lights, wallboard painted white, pizza in a heat cabinet. NOT appealing.But one afternoon, after work last week, I was walking around, killing some time, looking for a small, quiet bar where I could get a craft beer and maybe a small bite to eat. I go past this place and, for reasons I can't explain, glanced in the window, which I haven't bothered with for probably five years. There, covering the entire window is a huge sign that says, "The Bar Is Open!" and a list of happy hour specials under it. I couldn't have been more shocked if it had been reopened as a "Yaks R Us". I pulled open the door and walked about a foot inside and stopped dead, undoubtedly with my mouth dropped open.No fluorescent lights. No drop ceiling. No dirty linoleum, bored guys in aprons, tacky posters of Italy, or bolted-down formica tables. It was seductively lit, had a gleaming hardwood floor, a full length padded bench along the far wall, plasma screen TVs with ESPN on, a FULL BAR, and a line-up of six fairly credible beers, including Full Sail Limited Lager, New Belgium Ranger IPA, Peroni, Mac & Jack's Amber, Pyramid Thunderhead IPA, PBR (for the retro crowd) and NO BUDWEISER! I ordered up a Ranger, still in shock, and got a slice of their pepperoni. The pizza wasn't the absolute best I've ever had but then it wasn't $4.95 a slice, either. It was $2.75 and tasted surprisingly good: nice crisp crust, zingy marinara, something nicely short of Total Cheese Overdose, and almost shocking pepperoni; about as unlike the standard Seattle bland-ass pepperoni as you're going to find.I've been back to this little joint maybe five times over the past twelve days and have occasionally been the only customer there, which is just fine by me but is probably not gonna help the A Pizza Mart folks keep the doors open. It's a very nicely done space, with a great atmosphere, intelligent beer and liquor selection and great prices - WITH good pizza! I don't know what it takes to please anybody else but A Pizza Mart pushes about 90% of my buttons. The ONLY reason this is not five stars is because they don't offer a dark ale in that nice beer array. If I had found a Snoqualmie "Steam Train" Porter, Rogue "Shakespeare" Stout, Big Al Smoked Porter, or even a Widmer "Pitch Black" IPA, I'd be giving A Pizza Mart a solid Five Stars and you wouldn't be reading this review right now because there's no way in hell I'm nice enough to encourage all you guys to come out and jam up my path to the bar.For now, though, TRY THIS PLACE. People who go out on a limb like this and Do It Right deserve to succeed.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2009,7/17/2010,153,353,15,17,16>Completely empty around 9pm on a warm summer Saturday night is not generally the sign of a winning establishment, and given that I'd heard positive reviews, I was unsure if I'd went to the right place, a cafe nestled in a less traveled area of the Pike corridor.I had, and despite the lack of patrons, the slight confusion of offerings beyond ice cream and after trying a strong peanut butter and a curious maple hickory with no complaints, I decided on a waffle cone of snickerdoodle ($4.) The relatively light cinnamon perfection strongly reminded me of one of the best flavors I'd ever had at Buy-Rite Creamery in San Francisco, which is enough reason for me to return here.After I left though, I was still wondering about why no one was there. Did Bluebird somehow end up on the United Hipster Association blacklist? As I was enjoying the cone walking down Pine, I happened to walk by the denser, richer competition and noticed the usual line outside. The shunning must be either locational or personal.It is a perverse place, time and testament to Seattle when Molly Moon's can be referred to, in terms of both business itself and business model, as a dominating empire as opposed to a scrappy underdog, but that is how I fear it's going to go down and since both offer a different flavor of high-end ice cream, I hope Bluebird survives its maiden flights and figures out how to attract more customers with its sweet, creamy song.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,7/16/2010,221,439,27,21,23>"SHUUUUUUUUUUUUUT UP!" This is perhaps the only place where the waitress can scream at the patrons and the other customers are actually grateful for it.  We were seated next to a rowdy group mangling "Dancing Queen."  Tone deaf and drunk?  Not a good combo.  After taking our order, our waitress screamed from the top of her lungs at the drunkards next to us.  I LOVE HER.  - The 12-Egg Southwestern Omelette is still good and still really big, as are the bottomless hashbrowns.  - The Epic Chocolate Cake is truly epic because it tasted like fudge.  Pure solid fudge.  - The Six-Dollar Shake (Chocolate + Peanut Butter + Brownies) is delicious and totally worth the 6000 calories (Maybe more?) and the titular, $6.    By the way, for those who love "Man v. Food," the Seattlite who competed against Adam Richman, host of "Man v. Food" really does eat here often.  We bumped into him on the way in.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,3/10/2013,47,242,4,7,5>Have you ever had a gluten-free burger anywhere else? The buns are often best described as dry sponges.  Not the burger at Friesenburger - the gluten-free bun is soft, flaky and delicious. So much so, that I questioned the kitchen to make sure it was a gluten-free bun. The price runs comparable, for us with allergy-alerts on everything, to Red Robin and the burgers and gluten-free options are *so* much better. Bison, salmon, beef, bacon, egg, choice of cheese - all combined with staff who actually personally understand allergy and food-intolerance issues. Will I be back to try the gluten-free chili dog? Yes. Will I be back for another burger? Yes. Why the missing star? They're only open until 7pm and my spouse commutes.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,3/9/2013,43,241,4,4,4>I don't know how many times I walked by here, not realizing that I could be slurping down fresh oysters on the premises, before I walked by one evening and saw people seated by the window doing just that!  I'm not going to bemoan all the lost opportunities, but be happy about  all the future bivalves that I'll be consuming.This is a self-service operation.  That doesn't mean that the excellent staff won't help you or answer questions, just that you have to go up to the counter and place your order.  Before doing that make sure that you stop by the beverage cooler and choose your beverage.  The have a good selection of beer, wine and even cider that goes well with oysters.  I always prefer a good beer or ale with my oysters, but that's the way I roll. Then order your oysters, they have a good selection and , remember these are the same oysters that are found in most of the fine dine establishments around town, because Taylor Shellfish supplies them with shellfish. So you're getting the same goods for much less money.  They also have a sashimi geoduck and scallop plates available as well as two chowder options.After you place your order, sip on your drink and then they'll bring your lovely shucked oysters to you.  Repeat the process as necessary.  They also have the oysters, scallops and geoduck for sale retail as well as fresh crabs, mussels and clams.  So, you can take the party home, if you want to.  The shelves on the walls are loaded with all sorts of shellfish cooking paraphernalia.I also have to mention that I attended Taylor Shellfish's first anniversary party this past July and, let me tell you, they can throw a party! Live music, free BBQ oysters, raw oysters, steamer clams, curried mussels along with demonstrations throughout the day.  It was a lot of fun and very delicious.  Mark it down for next year!
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,3/8/2013,153,269,3,5,5>Ridiculously delicious!I ordered a Judkins burger (with bacon, mushroom, cheddar cheese, and a friend egg, but no onions or tomato) and the sweet potato tots.  I was hungry and I love burgers, but I was craving something that stood out from any other burger I've had.  The order might have taken a little longer than I expected, but it was totally worth the wait.  The burger comes in a brioche bun - and just when you thought a burger was already greasy enough as it is, they add enough so that you can taste the butter in I can't tell whether it's the sauce or the bread.  The fried egg was perfect and not overcooked like most places - where the yolk isn't all yellow and still a little orange.  The burger patty was just...I mean, before I started, I had to contemplate how to approach eating this burger.  Do I attempt to eat with my hands and make a mess out of myself or do I save myself the shame and eat very slowly with a knife and fork?  But who eats a burger with a knife and fork?  It's a burger that's not meant for the faint of heart!  No seriously - maybe for people who work out two or three times a week at least.  But if I could learn how to play piano, guitar, and drums, I would start my own one-man band just so I can write a love song for this burger.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,3/7/2013,135,199,5,9,7>Thank you , thank you , thank you to the awesome and forward thinking Olmsted's!  One of the things that makes this such an fantastic city started with the philosophy and planning of the Olmsted's and their belief in having open spaces available to all citizens of Seattle. And it did not just consist of parks but boulevards to connect them.  Seward Park is one of my favorite and oft used portions of this park system.  There is a wonderful paved trail that goes around the circumference of this peninsular park which is happily shared by bikers, joggers, and walkers along the shores of Lake Washington including several lovely beaches.  If you depart this and venture off into the forested central portion there are winding trails amongst the old growth, many picnic areas, an amphitheater, and play fields.  The park hosts many 5K's and other activities, is home to the Seward Park Environmental and Audubon Center, a native plant garden, and an art studio.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,3/6/2013,54,132,5,6,6>I try not to come here too often because it is not for those who are trying to watch their weight.  But when I do come here I always get a croissant.  I just love how they are so light, crispy and buttery.  Everyone seems to write about the twice baked almond and/or chocolate croissants so I want other people to know that their savory croissants are phenomenal as well.  Their savory Junction croissant is to die for.  It's filled with ham, bacon, scrambled eggs and cheese then topped with white cheddar cheese.  If I could, I would eat this for breakfast everyday.I've had an assortment of chocolates for Valentine's, shortbread cookies, quiche and chocolate mousse cake.  Everything was always delicious.  Yes, it is a bit expensive but the quality makes up for it.   Yes, the lines are always out the door but it is so worth it.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,3/5/2013,669,404,4,9,10>We live in between two major Washington State cities; one being Seattle and the other Tacoma. It is nice because we carry memberships to both zoos (Woodland Park Zoo being the other) and it gives our children more choices. More often then not, however, they choose to come here to the Point Defiance Zoo..perhaps the additional feature of an aquarium is the deal breaker.Pros:-Membership for our whole family was under $100 -Free parking (and plenty of it)-Good variety of zoo animals and aquarium exhibits-Prices are somewhat reasonable-Zoo lights @ Christmas time!Cons:-No network of partners that allow you entry elsewhere (other than NW Trek Wildlife Park at a discount).-Lots of hills-Smaller than most zoo'sIt's really cool to see the animals that they are breading at this zoo; wolf's and leopards that are endangered otherwise. They spend a great deal of money on advertising which I believe is paid by local taxes and revenues.   Overall the kids love this place and it has enough positives to keep me as a parent thrilled to continue coming back.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,3/4/2013,39,131,11,11,10>This is a legitimate Japanese restaurant!I came here for sushi, but ended up trying a bit of everything.  Their ingredients are fresh and the taste is very authentic.  One of the very few places that I will eat uni and surf clam at.  The pictures on yelp do not do this place justice.  Portions are fairly decent compared to other Japanese restaurants.  Sashimi pieces are huge and certainly worth it.  If I'm not mistaken, I even saw them making spicy tuna instead of the pre-made stuff that most restaurants buy in advance.  The chicken katsu curry was a little on the salty side, but still scrumptious.  The oyakudon-buri was awesome and reminded me of the kind that my friend's mom would make us back when i was in high school.The place is very small and busy.  Make reservations in advance!  BTW, this place might be a bit difficult to find if you haven't been here before because there is no sign on the exterior that says the name of the business.  In fact, I don't even believe the menus say Tsukushino on it.  I'm trying to figure out what they have on their secret menu because this place is definitely one of those places that has a great secret menu from what I can tell.  They even have a chalkboard with items, but it's all in Japanese - note to self, need to either learn to read the language or bring someone who can.Everyone here is super nice, minus the younger gentleman who's in charged of seating people.  He seemed very confused and skipped over us while we were waiting, but I hear that he works at Tsukushinbo regularly.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,3/3/2013,390,547,9,14,11>I was anxiously awaiting the re-opening of Vessel since I liked the previous incarnation so much. Went here a few weeks back with my wife for a happy hour and a little bit of food and came away very impressed.  First off - the "new" Vessel is much larger, and the addition of food is very welcome - but it shares a love of mixology that the old Vessel first introduced me to back in 2007. Let's start by saying you get pretty much any standard kind of drink here if you want it - they had all the kinds of liquors that I know, lots of bitters, and a reasonable, if small, selection of beer and wine for the non-liquor drinkers. We only had the charcuterie plate the first time I went, but it was plenty and I liked the pickled vegetables (house-made, so I'm told).But what Vessel is about is the "craft" of making drinks. From carbonating their own water, to all the kinds of different bitters, to the drinks that come with hand-shaven ice (supposedly melts slower - could be a gimmick, but I don't care, it's super fun), to the fact that they bring in rotating bartenders who get to design their own drink menu for the night. They're even willing to make you basically "whatever you want" - tell them what you like and they'll concoct something to suit.Think of Vessel as a place that cares as much about drinks as Ethan Stowell does about food - drinks are the star of the show here, with the food there just to ensure you don't get drunk too quickly :-)In fact, I liked my first visit so much I arranged to take around 20 people from work here for a happy hour. Was easy to set-up with the events coordinator, and we had enough people that we could reserve the space in the upper back loft area. We had about 12 plates of hors d'oeuvres and then some folks were still hungry enough that they ordered sandwiches or cheese plates. I think everyone was pretty satisfied, and I thought the service was good - always hard with a group of 20 folks ordering different stuff to get the pacing of service right. Highly recommended if you're looking for a place to experience new drinks and get a different experience from your usual restaurant or bar.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,3/2/2013,152,113,5,15,8>This is the first place I ever had vegan pho!  The homemade veggie broth is outstanding with lovely undertones of star anise and caradmom.  Well-cooked noodles (not overdone like some places) but they do tend to go heavy portion-wise, so ask for light if that bothers you.  They are purist (if you can be purist in terms of non-beef pho!) in that the tofu pho includes broth, noodles, tofu, straw mushroom, cilantro and white onion in the bowl.  That's it.  I personally prefer mine without a bunch of veggies so I can focus on the broth and the herbs/flavors I add, so I'm a big fan.  The slices of tofu are large and fried and yummy.  They sometimes have spring rolls and cream puffs, sometimes not.  It's all about the soup.This is a family owned restaurant and I almost always have had the same friendly young server who always remembers my order.  She makes the vegetarian broth and she does a great job.This is a legit place (always tons of  Vietnamese locals eating here) so it's about huge ass bowls of soup, not about purty decorations or Pottery Barn lighting.  Come for the pho!
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,3/1/2013,55,346,9,16,13>And the love affair continues ...It's been over a year now since I discovered this cozy little slice of heaven, and I'm happy to report I'm still quite smitten. Canon is definitely the place I take out-of-town guests (that I actually like), or dates, or even just old pals I'd like to catch up with. It's not a raucous or tremendously lively place, but that just adds to the charm. Sure, people complain that they restrict party sizes to six, but honestly, if you just give the space a once-over, you'll realize that parties larger than that size would definitely cause some unpleasant dissonance. Canon isn't where you take your drunken bachelorette girlfriends to for an all-night bender, it's where you take good company along with you to linger over a meticulously hand-crafted cocktail and lose yourself in a great conversation.I try to go when Chris is at the bar as I'm spoiled and difficult, and almost always order the shrouded roulette option (dealer's choice, name your base spirits or preferences), and thus need a solid bartender who knows my palette well (and doesn't mind when I make odd combination requests).Though a part of me is saddened by the rapid escalation of Canon's popularity (thus making it much harder for me to have quiet conversation with the barstaff), another part of me is ecstatic that this place is getting all of the recognition it deserves. Jamie and co. have really poured (hah!) their heart and soul into the business, and it shows with every inch of the gorgeous, foil-flecked damask walls.(pro tip: the kitschy vintage radio in the bathroom rivals the one at Needle & Thread, and dare I say, I think it's a touch creepier here!)
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,4/22/2013,116,49,8,12,13>Yep, this place is the real deal. This is a small two-shack-sized area with a small seating arrangement and the smell of some of the most delicious barbecue I have had in Seattle. I can't necessarily compare it to the South because... it's the South... but this place definitely knows what it's doing regarding their recipes I had a pulled pork sandwich. Friend of mine had brisket. Both were amazing, extremely tender, and had a base flavor of smokey grilled goodness. The portion size for the price was extremely fair and filling. The sauce was one of those near-perfect blends of spice, tang, and sweetness that balanced out the flavor of the meats. Again, the owner of these recipes knows exactly what he's doing. This place a couple blocks down from Powell Barnett Park and would make a more than decent headliner to a picnic experience. However, take note that if you eat there, you get a free bottle of water. I am not sure if the soft drinks are free or come at a discount. Doubt it. Fantastic "home-cooked"  BBQ, a sauce Sweet Baby Ray would be jealous of, and an owner who is as pleasant as a new car smell, The Barbecue Pit is a rare find that will have you wishing you lived inside its kitchen.
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/21/2013,101,183,8,9,11>Props to Chau Bella for giving me the first haircut my boyfriend noticed and commented on: "Nice bangs."Look, I'll be blunt. I have a big forehead and a very round face. Bangs are essential for hiding my giant noggin as well as giving the illusion of any sort of angles on my face. Short hair has never worked for my face shape. Long hair can be boring, but bangs can really jazz things up. I also work in a clinical laboratory where tied-back hair is a MUST, unless you enjoy an occasional split-end dip in blood, urine, or chemicals, so a little something to dress up that ponytail is a plus. I can't do the trendy blunt cut bangs because Seattle mist + naturally wavy hair + short bangs = in your face disaster.My stylist (I know, I should probably know her name...I have a card somewhere...) took all these concerns into account and truly delivered a spectacular style! She was also so easy-going and friendly, I actually enjoyed the small-talk conversation that is usually my most hated part of getting a haircut. I'll definitely come back for a cut and possibly check out some of their other services (nails, massage, waxing, facials, lash extensions). The all-white trendy decor is not my cup of tea and, honestly, a bit blinding, but it does showcase the cleanliness of the salon. Other than that, no complaints. Couldn't be happier with my new haircut--so healthy and shiny, perfectly face-framing, complete with some seriously banging bangs!
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,4/20/2013,1232,542,7,13,14>I finally can say I've tried their pizza.  Dynamite.  The crust was the perfect consistency for my pallet.  Ordered:Appetizer:Crispy Cauliflower - Breaded and deep fried. Served with caper aioli which was totally awesome.Pies: Bolognese - italian sausage, sun-dried tomato, roasted pepper, provolonePugliese - Yukon Gold potato, rosemary, pecorinoDTR - pear, gorgonzola, mozzarella, prosciutto d'Parma (my favorite... perfect balance of flavors and I have to say I'm not even a fan of gorgonzola.)Norton - San Marzano tomato, pepperoni, mozzarella, pecorino (they use little mini pepperonis which are super cute and fun for kids)The waitress misunderstood my order for half/half (I wanted to try everything!) and brought me a whole of something, but they fixed the order and was super nice about it.  Great customer service all the way around.  Definitely going back for more when I'm craving pizza pie.  Totally not greasy like your typical fast food chain pizza.  Prior to checking this place out, my friend told me she thought the pizza here taste similar to what she experienced in Italy during her travels.  That's a pretty huge compliment -- means it's pretty authentic!So full and didn't make it to dessert, but the options looked delicious.  Decent beer and wine selection too.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,4/19/2013,290,437,14,19,17>I've been waiting a long time for this place.To the point I was their very first customer when they initially had their public soft opening.I also waited to write my review of this place because I wanted it to have the time to blossom into something five star worthy. Luckily for me, it has.I've tried about half the menu at this point and I've loved everything -- my standby is the tonkotsu shoyu, which is fatty and salty but not heavy and gross. Their broth is so good I would totally keep a thermos of the broth with me at all times if it were somehow viable -- I just love it. If you don't like things that are salty, they offer to tone down the salt levels to something more appropriate for your palate... I think it's perfect, though.The yuzu shio is my second favorite dish, as it is so delicate and flavorful it's really hard to stop eating the broth. My suggestion is to make sure you get something with an egg. Their eggs are the best. Hands down, eating nitamago is at the top of my ramen eating experience, and I've only had amazing eggs, perfectly gelled. I'm blessed to have a best friend who doesn't really like eggs so whenever I go to lunch with her, she gives me her egg. It only makes me love her more.For appetizers I love their korokke -- they're always perfectly fried so that they're not greasy and heavy. I found the gyoza to be merely okay, but I have friends who love it, so I still end up ordering it occasionally. I'm rarely hungry enough to continue eating past an initial bowl of ramen but I've been trying to make my way through their list -- thus far it's all been good enough to risk ending up uncomfortably full.From the non-ramen side of the menu, the Okinawan taco rice was deemed tasty by my Okinawan-born & raised friend, so I'll assume she can vouch on its legitimacy.For dessert, I've only had the kuromitsu kinako sundae, and it's SO good. It comes in a martini glass and I highly recommend it. It's sweet but not cloyingly so -- as with everything else at Kukai, it's really light and pleasant.The service is generally really friendly but sometimes is distracted -- I've got enough experience working as a server to overlook the small things, and everyone there tries their hardest -- it's very tough to keep up with a ton of customers, often on tight schedules [lunch hour restrictions] and have a fast turnaround, but as the restaurant has been open longer, they've figured out how to avoid a lot of seating hangups. I'm a fan of the concept of the shared table for smaller parties [although I haven't sat there myself, it's a great way for a one or two top to get seated quickly!].I'm confident Kukai will continue to improve as well as display the kind of service those of us who have been to Japan know is standard -- I'm so glad that this place is right next to my house, I hated having to bust out my Bellevue Passport just to get a decent bowl of ramen 'round here!
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,4/18/2013,325,189,14,11,12>Saw the sign for the Stumbling Monk and my mind immediately began to conjure questions...Should a monk be stumbling? Can monks drink? Is this historically accurate? Maybe historically, water sources were contaminated forcing monks to drink? After escaping the random tangent that is my brain, I finally went inside and paid attention to what the monk is all about - the beer! I came in on cask night, so of course I had to try the beer on cask. Imperial stout - dark, delicious, and surprisingly easy to suck back without that added CO2. I quickly drained my glass and went back to try the duchesse de bourgogne. I love sours, so this was quite lovely. Just the right amount of sour. Finished that beer rather quickly as well. Now that I have made myself out to sound like an alcoholic, I really did take the time to put my beer down for a second and observe the place, I promise! It is small, cozy and fun. There are many different games to play, such as chess...because my favorite thing to do when I am drunk is think strategy. Obviously. There are only a few tables, all occupied by hipsters, but what cute little hipsters they are! The bartender was super quiet, but very kind. The only thing that I do not like about the Stumbling Monk is the bathroom. If I was sticking with the whole monk/Christian theme, this bathroom would be like the gate to Hell. There is one toilet for the establishment. It is inside a closet. The inside of that closet is painted black. You have to exit to wash your hands and the other patrons just stand and stare at you awkwardly. Ehh. No thanks.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/16/2013,374,341,16,15,14>Oh Blossom.Are you a cheesy 90's sitcom starring Mayim Bialik as an awkward but lovable teen?Or are you an extraordinary vegetarian restaurant in downtown Renton?Why you're both, and I'm sure glad you exist. Finding all-vegetarian south of Seattle can often be an exercise in futility, but Blossom is here to save the day.How come I've never been here? I'm lazy I suppose, and tend to stay north. I'm glad we've tasted of the succulence here, because we're about to become regulars.We started with fresh summer rolls, had white and brown rice and really enjoyed the downtempo electronic music and stunning Asian decor along with these two brilliant dishes-Cà Ri u H hoc Gà -Tofu curry with sugar peas, potatoes, carrots, taro, coconut milk. And the dish that nearly brought three adults to Fight Club, ready to scrabble for the last bite of fried noodle-Ph Áp Cho-pan-fried rice Noodles with tofu, abalone, Vietnamese ham, mushrooms, assorted vegetables, flat rice noodles fried to a crispity, crunchity goodness and bathed in otherworldly brown sauce. Nothing left on the plate, not a darn thing.Support this southern gem and be quick about it!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/15/2013,786,852,8,13,8>Worth the wait - and I hate waiting. New favorite brunch nook. Charming, rustic brunch cafe located in a quieter stretch of Ballard (on the other side of 15th Ave NW). Highly recommend the baked egg dishes - loved the alla boscaiola (with sausage, mushroom, mozzarella, tomato). The Speck Benedict was excellent.  Brunch menu specializes in baked egg dishes and benedicts, and also offers lunch entrees and salads as well. The dishes have a fresh, slow-cooked taste and are made with high quality ingredients. The semolina baguette is perfectly chewy and rather addicting.Tip: While you wait, Honore Artisan Bakery is just across the street, with plenty of its own goodness to offer.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,4/14/2013,97,445,9,10,10>A group of us go here annually to play some curling.  We rent our the whole place and included in that cost every lane has an instructor to go over the basics of the game and help while we play the game to make sure everyone is understanding the rules and give suggestions to improve our curling.Bring gloves/ hat/ clean shoes/ layers of clothing because it's 40 degrees on the ice brrr!This sport will make you sore the next day! From all the vigorous sweeping and lunges you do from curling and from falling over while doing said lunges ouch! So being in decent shape helps, and don't wear your tightest pair of jeans they might rip!I like that they have water easily available and Kleenexes on each side of the court because your nose does get runny from the cold!They do have try curling days check their website out for the dates.  They also have a curling league to join if you want to get serious about your curling.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/12/2013,204,515,15,25,15>"Meatopia" or "Carnivore-heaven" are some terms that come to mind to describe this place.  This Brazillian churascurria will put a dent in any insatiable appetite and is a great edition to the Belltown food scene.  I came here with a buddy for the rodizio dinner which is pretty much a full on meat orgy.  17 different kind of grilled items are brought out in quick succession from table to table.  When your coaster is flipped to 'green' it comes fast and furious.  There were several points in which we had to flip our coaster over to 'red' to to slow down the torrent in order to figure out what was on our plates.  my impression of things I tried-leg of lamb- yes!-garlic,parmesean pork-yes, yes!-wild boar-taste the wild!-buffalo-taste the freedom!-bacon wrapped turkey- dressing up turkey always helps with some bacon!-bacon wrapped steak!- very peppery!-pork ribs-not much flavor a bit porky-beef steak with mozzarella- how did they do this?-portugese sausage-mmmmm-chicken drummies- tastes like chicken-shrimp- not much flavor-beef short rib-love carving this off the bone~Caveman style!-there were a few more styles of beef, all were good.they also have a buffet with rice and beans, salads and stuff but why bother.  Okay maybe some beans and rice.  They also provide some fries and fried plantains which are a nice touch but a small distraction to the swords heavy with meat swooping from table to table. I counted at least 7 different beasts represented in the entire repertoire.   I think the pace was a bit overwhelming since it was kind of empty when we got there.  I would imagine a slower pace (much advised) is more prevalent when its more crowded.  The other stand out was the service which was next to impeccable.  All of the servers were extremely friendly and accomadating.  We even asked for chimichurri sauce and they made it for us from scratch!  For $40 its not the cheapest meal you'll get in Seattle, but considering how much get in return, its is truly your fault if you are not bursting at the seams after this.  I may try the other menu items next time when I don't feel like totally packing myself with meat but who am I kidding. Go here!
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,4/11/2013,115,451,32,40,31>DIET-FRIENDLY.Yeah; you heard me. Everybody knows about the nachos at the Matador. They ARE really good. And their tequila selection? Lovely. But what about people that are on wacky self-imposed "eat clean" programs? 'This be the spot.Since Matador seems ubiquitous in the Pacific Northwest, it seemed like a place where they may have something that my friend and I could eat. (You think I'm going to eat clean on my own? If I am descending into food-he**, I'm taking somebody with me.) I was prepared that I would only be able to eat maybe a dry salad, pico de gallo, and maybe some beans...and was I surprised when that was not the case! Our waitperson (gawd, I love good service) listened to our food woes. (I think my homie was outright weeping at the table.) She smiled brightly and said, "Oh, we have a menu binder that has EVERY INGREDIENT in our food! Let me get it." Homie looked up from his tear-soaked napkin in disbelief.She made some recommendations, and we scoured the menu binder. SO MUCH STUFF WE COULD EAT. Unbelievable. Do you know hard it is to find food without sugar, soy, guar gum, dairy, alcohol, non-grain/white potato carbs?? The chef made the food with our omission requests. It was delicious! I had the Chicken Limon with broccolini, while my friend had the Carne Asada with beans--sans a couple of things. Even though I'll be done with this program in 4 weeks, I'll ALWAYS remember Matador and how good they treated us. I'll celebrate with an anejo, and [we] will clink our nacho plates with joy.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,4/15/2009,150,597,9,11,11>Ancient legend has it that Fremont was once part of Thailand and through a mixture of erosion, continental drift and serendipity caused it to merge with the North American tectonic plate.Although I question its scientific validity, this would account for the approximately 200 Thai restaurants in Fremont.To try to differentiate Kaosamai, I tried to think of a mnemonic. Since they try to identify themselves as the Orange house, I realized I could tie them into the Color Trilogy movies of Kurosawa. Get it? Kurosawa, Kaosamai. Sort of sound alike, right? Then I realized two other things: one, Kieslowski was the director of the Color Trilogy and two, I'm terrible at mnemonics. As for the actual restaurant, it seems a little smaller than you'd expect from the outside. Although diminutive and a bit run-down, the interior does have the veneer of authentic Thai-ness. At the front desk are a few Buddhist pamphlets, Buddha statues as well as a large picture of King Bhumibol. When I asked if this was an old painting (he looked a bit young), the staff got excited and said yes. They then walked me over to a wall where they had a number of pictures of his 50th anniversary celebration as head of state. There is also a side deck which would seem to be good for sunny days.I've never actually eaten inside, so I can only comment on their take-out. I have stopped by to order and pick up; but while I've waited, the staff does appear to be attentive and are constantly refilling glasses, asking if the food it okay, etc. I've tried the Pad Thai, which is average to good as well as several rice dishes which have been fairly good. They rank the hot dishes from "1" (not hot) to "5" (hot). Just so you're warned, I'm usually decent with spices but the "2" leaves me crying like I've just watched an Old Yeller movie marathon.They have evening delivery to roughly the Fremont, Wallingford, Ballard, lower Phinney, upper South Lake Union area ($20 minimum order). They also cater if you're looking for such things. Open from 11 am to 9:30 pm (10:30 on Friday/Saturday).
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,4/14/2009,118,88,18,18,16>I love Mexican food.  This is a fact.  My parents, though not well off, somehow managed to eat at a Mexican restaurant once a week for most of my young life (and well into my middle aged life).  We traveled from Port Orchard to Gig Harbor for the delights of Puerto Vallarta,  which was the only game in town, folks!  But what does this have to do with Luisa's, you might wonder?  Well.  It means that I am NOT a Mexican food snob with all that "you don't know REAL Mexican food, blah blah blah" crap.  YES, I know it's probably 'Americanized'.  But who cares!  It tastes fan-frickin-tastic!! Go air your pooh-poohs in the bathroom where they belong.Anyhoo.  I really like Luisa's - the fresh corn tortilla with butter and salsa?  YES.  Green and red salsas?  Pretty damn good.  Fresh margarita? Order it.  Or go with the regular neon green margarita and it comes with an extra shot!  Heck yes!  I always come here around 8 after the hordes of children have gone home.  Always prompt service, friendly.  I think our food sometimes comes out *too* fast!  Love the sopas, anything with green chili, and the picadillo mole enchiladas.  Yum.  Rogelio's Favorite combo?  Sandra's favorite combo tambien. So get off of your high horse and walk on over to Luisa's for some good eatin'.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,4/12/2009,346,151,10,13,12>The name seems a bit ironic to me as this place was pure heaven! I had my first ever professional massage here and I loved it. Gina, my massage therapists, was fantastic, so nice and so professional. She answered all my questions and more, she really made the whole experience so comfortable.I had just turned 29 and gotten 2 tickets, thanks copper, all before noon. What a way to start my birthday right!? So I was a bit upset to say the least. I let Gina know my situation when I first met her at Helle for my massage. She was so nice and sympathetic. I also let her know that this was my first professional massage and she was happy to be my "first." Like I said before, she answered all my questions and more. She really made my first encounter with massage so relaxing, as I was a bit nervous. She was so friendly and personable, I couldn't have asked for a better person to guide me through my first massage. She gave me choices of music to listen to (I chose the band she already had playing as they seemed like good massage music). She even let me pick which oil she would be massaging me with. She made me feel comfortable the whole time and I really appreciate that.The massage its self felt so good, my body felt like it was actually melting. The combination of rubbing, squeezing and even light touch made me so relaxed I was afraid I might actually fall asleep. I soon forgot my earlier problems and just enjoyed the massage as I lay there in bliss. The massage was an hour but I could have laid there all day!I highly recommend Helle for a wonderful and relaxing massage. Gina is great and such a nice lady. I have also met the owner, Danielle, before and she is a very nice lady too!I also want to give a great big THANK YOU to Alyson, who got me the massage for my birthday! Without her I wouldn't know the enjoyment of a "real" massage and the great place simply known as Helle.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2009,4/11/2009,325,469,8,9,7>Do you suffer from high expectations? Don't you just hate that feeling of going somewhere that's supposedly amazing but you end up feeling kind of let down? Are most hyped up places overrated? Hmmm.... don't get me wrong, I enjoyed Bleu Bistro, but it just wasn't great.... it was just A-Ok... For starters, this place probably has the most intense wait time in the world. On a Friday night my party of deux was told it would be an hour and a half wait. Eeek. The rather tired looking hostess did mention we could go a few doors down though and have drinks and appetizers while we waited and that they would call us when our table was ready. That was nice of them. Except too bad the place they recommended was terrible. Le sigh. A little less than an hour later and we were seated and by that time, left to our own devices, were appropriately tipsy. I'm not sure that the booze added or decreased to my intense claustrophobia, but it did take a while to get used to the dollhouse sized booth we were in. It took a long time to decide on drinks... oh so many to choose from! My philosophy is: when in doubt, order a Long Island or a Mojito. I decided a mojito was a good call. It came out fresh, light, crisp and boozey. Heavy on the pour, heavy on the taste and heavy in volume. Win. My date had good things to say about the Wasabi Grilled Fromage so we decided to get one of those and an order of Crab Mac and Fromage. We were feeling cheesy. The wait time on the food was ridiculous. Maybe our server forgot us in our little booth? Maybe grilling two slices of bread really does take an hour?? Hmmm.... it was a long wait. When the food finally did come we devoured the samich in seconds. We were starving, and it was delicious. Nice and gooey cheese, toasty bread, and slightly tangy from the Wasabi. There was also a salad. Where did the salad come from? Did we order it? I don't think so? Anywho, the salad was nice. Slightly heavily dressed, but at least the greens were fresh and the dressing was tasty. The mac and cheese was only okay. It came with chicken. My date and I were kind of confused about that.... had we misread the menu? I mean the lighting isn't the best in that little booth. Sort of a let down, but it was alright. It wasn't as gooey or stringy or cheesy as I prefer, not even very saucy, but it was pretty good. The garlic bread that it was served with definitely was the winner of that dish. We debated ordering more food, but decided that would get in the way of our drinking, so we settled on ordering a few shots instead. I like the bartender here. Drinks were all winners. I left Bleu Bistro happily. I was glad I finally had tried this place everyone seems to love and I was happy the drinks were all so awesome and I was happy the food was pretty good. All in all I was just happy. Not ecstatic, invigorated or enthusiastic. I'll definitely give this place another try, but I might have to sit at the bar, I didn't enjoy suppressing the urge to claw out of the teeny, tiny booth all night long.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,4/10/2009,44,103,5,9,9>This place is simply AMAZING. I walked in one early Sunday morning just wanting to get some coffee to start off the day, but the second I set foot in this place all this inviting, comforting smell of freshly baked pastries welcome you into the establishment. My friend I was with (lives around the corner from this place) tells me the guy that runs this place spent time living in Europe (near the border of France & Spain), and it totally reminded me of the time I spent in south of France back in the college days. Laid back, neighborhood type of a cafe. I love you can actually see them get their pastries ready behind the counter. All I got was a croissant but it was absolutely heavenly - super soft & warm. I must come back here & try some of their savory items for sure. Good coffee, good pastries, a great place to chill out.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,4/8/2009,15,15,15,15,15>I freaked OUT when I heard about Rancho Bravo moving into the old Capitol Hill KFC. I've never been able to make it out to the Wallingford location, although I've long been aware of its reputation as Seattle's best taco truck. On the Hill we're seriously starved for good Mexican, so I literally pinched myself when I heard the news.I had lunch there today. Next to no wait, and not many people dining in. I had the asada, pescado, and mole chicken tacos.They were un-be-LIEV-able.All were fantastically fresh, doubled up in the most velvety-delicious white-corn tortillas. Bright, clear flavors, perfectly seasoned meat, accented with the crunch of radish and cilantro -- I couldn't stop moaning. In a very loud and probably overly sensual way. At $2-$2.25 a pop, these things are so affordable I could eat them all day. And since Rancho Bravo has conveniently decided to make its home on the same block as my office, I may end up doing that. I'm already plotting my return trip.Oh, and make sure you load up on the amazingly fresh and flavorful sauces.The only criticisms: the interior is entirely unchanged from the old dingy, crappy, sticky-floored KFC, and the kitchen is weirdly huge and empty-looking -- they obviously don't need all that space. It's not anything to look at, let's put it that way -- but honestly, you'll be so focused on snarfing down your food to notice.Also, they happened to be out of tamales, carnitas and Mexican Coke today, but I'm more than willing to look past any shortages in these first few early weeks as they figure things out. Because they will. And by then, the hoards will have arrived.So, I'd recommend you best hurry up and get there before the word gets out. Or before I eat everything they've got.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,4/7/2009,64,58,8,8,9>Sweet lovely Maya.  I swear by classes by Colin and Dani.  Dani is a little nicer, has more of a dancer's approach.  She's down with the 'flow'.Colin is a little more rigorous and loves to use straps and blocks and other fun Yoga toys.This studio is beautiful, clean and so inviting.  Even though there are two walls made entirly of windows, you don't feel like an exhibitionist. The instructors are so patient and understanding and not afraid to 'reposition' you (which I love).They know what they're doing and my abs and ass are testimony.BoooYa to Maya!!
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,4/5/2009,65,92,10,8,8>Do unicorns make you think of 2nd-grade school folder covers?  How about Tom Cruise and the devil (pre-Scientology)?  They did me, until I went to Unicorn Crepes.Featuring oddball flavors (what's a Daifuku?), a cheerful staff, delightfully terrible Karaoke-esque Asian boy band music and a signature product, this store is the perfect place to get back the more innocent imagery of the word "unicorn."The Missus' favorite is the Strawberry/Corn Flake/ice cream crepe, a delicioiusly super-sweet treat that has a satisfying crisp amidst the dreamy creaminess.Hands-down, the best feature of Unicorn (and is irresistably cute source of the name) is the way they roll your meal into a cone, complete with paper jacket to keep it cozy.Minus one star, because the crepe quality is much better at Joe Bar or La Creperie Voila.  Plus four for the fun factor!
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,4/4/2009,57,80,10,8,9>"You are just positively giddy!" said the young lady behind the counter.I had just walked in - and feasted my eyes on the most glorious dessert selection I've ever seen. The triple coconut creme pie, the fancy cupcakes, the wall of cookies, and, best of all - the S'mores pie with the graham cracker crust. Oh, so decadent and dreamy. Who wouldn't be positively giddy?I wanted to buy one of everything. Oh, and it was hard not to. But I'm a gal watching her waistline and her wallet, so I had to stop somewhere. I only ordered four. And oh, they were so good. Especially the S'mores concoction. I still dream about it. When I studied literary criticism, we often talked about the "form" being the most excellent version of anything that could exist; so good that it was the best chair God could imagine or the best kiss He could imagine.These pastries - they were the form of pastries. And as such, they were oh, so worth their collective impact on both of my "bottom lines."
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,4/3/2009,110,54,11,12,13>Nothing soaks up remnant intoxicants like a Zats bagel. They are a magical cure for hangovers!I walked in with a pounding headache and queasy stomach one morning, ate a doughy ring of deliciousness, and left feeling 100%. No aspirin. No water. Just a bagel from Zats, and boom: I'm all better. It wasn't hard to convince me that these bagels have some kind of supernatural healing power.Obviously, I'm a fan of the bagels. They taste amazing and pull an abracadabra on that awful feeling that hits after a night of binge drinking. And it doesn't hurt that I can admire the cute guy behind the counter while I scarf my food down -- bagel for the tummy, candy for the eyes.I love you, Bagel Boy!
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,1/23/2012,94,409,8,8,7>I'm totally a fan of this place! Went here today with a friend and we had a lovely time! It's quiet enough that you can talk but just enough activity to keep you occupied (especially the child behind me according to my friend)... Servers were nice and quite informative, though one did use the word "interesting" to describe a wine... not a word I really associate with good things but wth I suppose.Anyways we got the squash salad which was pretty much TO DIE FOR with caramelized onions and apples, it was done perfectly with just the right amount of soft to just the right amount of bite. My lamb souvlaki was lovely, the pita was beautiful and feathery soft and the lamb was perfectly done with just a hint of pink in the middle so it still had perfect texture... noms! The wine I had was good and my friends was too. OMFG the baklava was killer! pistachio, almond and walnuts with just the right consistency of filling and a good size for two people to share. Seriously could have eaten about 10 of those regardless of size though they were so good.Anyways, quaint atmosphere, easy to find, fun service and truthfully not that badly priced (total 4 glasses of wine, 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 1 dessert about $65 so not terrible a little higher then a typical greek place which actually was a breath a fresh air)...We have about a thousand greek places in Seattle so this place was a welcome surprise in that it was actually dam tasty!
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,1/22/2012,49,294,11,10,9>Dearest Wasabi--You opened my eyes to the world of sushi almost exactly 6 years ago and it's not creepy at all that I remember the exact date of Sept. 26th, 2005 because it was also the day I got my first tattoo.  I only wish I had been introduced to you sooner.Last night was the first time I had been back since your remodel took place.  I had been waiting and waiting and then my life became a little chaotic and I finally made it back to you last night for happy hour.  Lets just say I'm still madly in love with you in a non-stalkerish way of course.  The place is beautiful (was before as well) and I was quite impressed.Did the choose 3 for $13 special and ordered Yakitori, Alaska Roll and Spicy Tuna Roll and all were amazing.  Got to try a bite of the Inglorious Basterd Roll (Thanks Kate), and a bite of the Spicy Crab Roll (Thanks Michael) SOO delicious!    The GM also came over to chat with us and was very friendly, he was nice enough to give us a round of Sake shots mmm.Can't forget to mention the heated toilet seats!One minor request for the taller tables in the bar section--would be awesome if you could install some purse hooks under the table :) Signed--You're still my favorite!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,1/21/2012,71,114,11,12,10>Let's get one thing straight: I looooooooove love love Mexican food.In my world, there is nothing better than tequila and good guac. Cinco De Mayo is my Christmas/Easter/Thanksgiving/birthday combined. Tortillas are the ultimate carb. Mariachis are... my... Beatles. (ok, that last one is a stretch, but just go with it.)What does this have to do with my review of Poquitos? Well, clearly I am an individual who takes her Mexican dining experiences very seriously, and this is the real deal. It is muy muy muy muy muy delicioso!Probably the BEST guacamole I've ever had at a restaurant in the US. And maybe even in Mexico itself; honestly it rivals the fresh guac I just enjoyed while vacationing in Cozumel last month.Also, the amazing tortillas are handmade, the chicken is to die for, the margs are outstanding and fresh, not "sour mix" tasting at all, they have certain sauteed mushrooms that I would do bad, bad things for... I could go on but I think you get the idea.People who say the portions are too small/pricey, I don't know if you are used to the Americanized combo platters at Azteca, but my friend and I were stuffed after our taco plates and one shared app. All talk of food aside, the space itself is simply gorgeous. The lighting is romantic, the katrillions of imported Mexican tiles are so pretty and fun, and I'm a pretty big fan of their eye-catching signage.Oh, and did I mention the staff is way friendly and energetic? They are obviously happy to be a part of this new restaurant, and I can see why.Don't get me wrong, I love me some drunken Rancho Bravo as much as the next Cap Hill denizen, but Poquitos is on a whole new level as far as cuisine and atmosphere, and I think it is such an exciting addition to our neighborhood!
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,1/20/2012,508,442,4,7,6>Adorable little used book store in Lower Queen Anne. The prices are fairly reasonable. I bought a used travel book for about $8 the other day. The bookstore is clean and well organized. I agree with a few other yelpers... stores like this make you steer away from electronic books like the Kindle. Most of the books I read, I find browsing through book stores.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,1/19/2012,410,224,7,9,7>the roomie and i were craving a burger and decided to try out this new spot.  we are both lovers of hamburgers but there aren't very many places on the hill to get a good burger that doesn't cost ten bucks, and dick's just doesn't seem to taste as good at 7pm as it does at 1am... (don't get it twisted, i love me some dicks but you know what i'm talking about).enter lil' woody's.  the perfect capitol hill burger joint.cute boys with tattoos working behind the counter: check.bottled soda: checkthe stooges cover of the six pistols "no fun" blasting on the speakers: checkthe burgers were delicious and inexpensive (the "lil' woody" is under $5!) and their fries are cut from real potatoes! OH HELL YES. we shared a basket and couldn't finish them.  marcus seemed unimpressed when we didn't take him up on the queso for the leftover fries he offered. we were just too full!
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,1/18/2012,374,341,6,10,9>Can I give you ten stars? It's my birthday and I just finished the most exquisite carrot cake cupcake that I had to update on it's virtue alone.My mouth waters as I type this, remembering the thick, whipped silken "cream cheese" frosting, and the dense, moist, fruit-filled carrot cake, rich with spices and glistening fruit. It is impossible to detect it's vegan nature, it's just a perfectly made cupcake, rich and fattening and fantastic.Miss Bouteloua, you've got it going on!
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,1/17/2012,220,284,16,20,14>Banya 5, where have you been all my life? Traipsed in here for their Happy Hour deal which is a $20 admission (instead of $35) between 10 am -2 pm on Wed, Thurs and Fri's. I tacked on a 50-minute salt scrub so the admission was waived, double yay!The guy at reception was super friendly and informative when I explained I was a newbie. You do have to sign a waiver form because the 5 pools and rooms can be quite intense if you have certain health issues. As for the amenities, everyone seems to rotate in whatever fashion they please but I found it especially pleasant to go from extreme hot to extreme cold. PARILKA: - Super heated dry sauna with three stadium type levels of wood seating- The higher you go, the hotter it is- Guys were wearing beanies (to keep in the heat?) Maybe it was a fashion statementTURKISH STEAM ROOM:- My favorite! It's scented with fresh eucalyptus and the steam starts anew every 10 minutes or so (albeit, a little loudly). When it's at its peak, you can barely see the person sitting right next to youCOLD PLUNGE POOL:- Try really really hard not to scream bloody murder when you take the plunge- I could hardly last a few seconds but saw people lingering and even dunking their heads. What are you, polar bears??SALT WATER TEPID POOL:- Lovely in-between temperature from the hot tub and cold plunge pool The Salt Scrub was absolutely divine but for you more modest people, you're only going to have a wee towel to cover thy bum. It's a "wet" room so they douse you with what feels like gallons of just-right temperature water before starting on a full body honey massage (local honey to boot!). Then they scrub you to an inch of your life and do it all over again on your other side (yes, you get another towel to cover your chest if you're a lady). The 50-min service also includes an add-on like a head/scalp massage or body lotion application. Overall, not sure how people spend all day here because I looked like raisin's cousin twice removed after just an hour. Most people seemed like regulars and there were maybe a dozen or so folks throughout my stay which is on the less crowded side since they can only accomodate 40 at a time. Each pool is pretty small (accommodates 4-5 people) so I can't imagine when the place is at its full capacity. They also have a real-time people counter on their website so you can decide last minute whether or not you want to kick it with a bunch of people or when it's more tranquil. Banya on!
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,1/15/2012,140,456,7,10,9>If I lived in the neighborhood I'd visit Pecado Bueno often.  Their $3 margaritas just can't be beat!  For that much one might expect a sickeningly sweet swillarita made from lime-flavored corn syrup mix.  Not here: nothing but fresh lime juice and agave tequila.The guac is tasty and the crispy cod tacos are delicious!  I'm not really excited about going to the bar to order, but did I mention the $3 margaritas?  If you're in Fremont do yourself a solid and stop in.Be sure to try the $3 margaritas.  They're $3!
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,1/14/2012,94,80,13,8,12>Come on, Seattleities and out-of-towners....how can you not? Its freaking Tom Douglas, one of his three originals (with Dahlia as his first, and Lola to follow). If Tom Douglas restaurants were like the Star Wars trilogy, Etta's would be like The Empire Strikes Back. And believe you me, this Tom Douglas empire has definite staying power.Lets begin shall we, in a galaxy not too far away, Pike Place Market. The pride and joy of Seattle's fish and fresh produce world. The ultimate in "what you see is what you eat".... literally. You see it in the market that day  - BOOM it ends up on your plate in front of you.$1 oysters during "Crabby Hour" will only leave you crabby after its over, as regular prices triple to $3/mollusk . However, these babies go down so so smoooooth.... its hard to remember how many you've sucked down until you get the bill. Menu: Umm, well. Pretty much everything is amaze-balls. I recommend if its your first visit to go with the "signature" dish that started it all - RUB WITH LOVE Coho Salmon. A very impressive dish, surprising sweet, unbelievably rich, density of flavors. Although Tom doesn't do much cooking on the line anymore, this dish is a one-of-a-kind Tom original, originating from his humble beginnings.  I recommend ordering it medium-rare.Excellent view, excellent service, and like all Tom D places - overpriced :/  But not overpriced enough to avoid on a normal basis and save for a special occasion. Expect entrées to be at the $25-30/plate mark.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,1/12/2012,140,198,10,13,13>I've been to BOKA four times before, and tonight I finally got to try the entrees (usually there for happy hour or dessert).  I was not disappointed in my excitement! I'd purchased a Travel Zoo voucher, which they were happy to accept.  We each had a glass of prosecco, he chose the brisket, while I had the fish special.  I got a bite of the brisket, and it was tender and succulent, the mustard sauce was just right.  My fish (sole) was probably the best prepared fish I've ever had! Perfectly done, with just the right amount of brown butter, and the accompanying shredded brussels sprouts were tender. The sun choke puree was a bit sweet at first bite, but paired with the sauced it seemed well seasoned.We followed our meal with BOKA's s'mores dessert, which has changed since I last had it.  Gone is the marshmallow ice cream - now you get several large pieces of marshmallow, graham cookies, chocolate sauce, peanuts, and peanut ganache (basically peanut caramel).  It was sweet and salty, and perfect to share between us without either feeling slighted. You know how it is when you share a dessert and you feel like growling at your dining companion to keep them away from your half? None of that here, there's plenty to share!We'll be back - hope I can find more special deals!
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,8/1/2014,1665,1101,10,12,11>Twenty-five dollars for an hour-long foot and back massage...Too good to be true??Uh huh, I sure thought so too until I paid a visit!  When you walk in the strip mall shop, you are surrounded by dim mood lighting, trickling water fountains, and hanging paper lanterns.  The shop is very clean debunking my original concern that came to mind regarding having my feet bathed in a cheap massage salon.  Each of the bamboo soaking bins has a disposable plastic liner that is changed with each client.Per all the Yelp reviews, I called ahead and requested Harry as my massage therapist.  I was walked back by him to a cushioned leather chair slash massage table and handed a card menu with options.  #1: Hour of feet/back was my choice.  He used his hands like mallets, knuckles like rolling pins and fingers like pinchers to crack my toes.  Harry utilized aspects of foot reflexology and detox involving various pressure points.  The foot massage was performed with lotion and steam towels.  He then moved to both arms, legs, buttocks and the nape of the neck.  Harry rubbed me in places my partner never has---he was not shy but I was not complaining.  The neck and back massage was very rough and hard which I prefer.I have experienced many massages, including very expensive ones, and this was one of the best and most reasonable.  I will definitely be back, particularly for a full back/neck massage.Awarded Review of the Day in Seattle, Washington on 08/01/2014!
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,7/31/2014,109,455,10,8,11>I came here with a group of friends after hearing raves about the pizza tastiness and its ginormous, enormous, massive size.  I was happy to find that the reports were accurate on both counts.  The decor is simple, and reminded me a bit of a little restaurant tucked on a back street in Trapani, Sicily, with its red and white checker tablecloths and white brick walls.  The owner and staff too, reminded me of the friendly padrone from Trapani, greeting their customers as friends, new and old alike.As should be evident from the pictures, the pizzas are ridiculously huge.  A group of six could not finish two of these monsters and we're none of us shy when it comes to eating tasty goodness.  Try to eat these slices with your hands at your own peril; the knife and fork approach is highly recommended, along with a generous helping of napkins in case of emergency.I would be hard pressed to say whether I liked the pepperoni or the white pizza more, but I think I'd give the edge to the latter and it was just as tasty the next day.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/30/2014,157,320,6,10,7>The mark of a solid local spot is that, when you bring it up, the people who have been cannot recommend it highly enough. The Hideout is one of those bars that people have trouble describing: it's small, but full of art, and it has really good drinks. There are multiple mixologists and plenty of pubs that know how to pour a fancy drink, so what's so special about this one? Most people will mention the wall covering every inch of the establishment's relatively high ceilings.Well, a few friends and I stopped by on a Saturday night, and swooped a spot at a table within 20 minutes of arriving and hanging out at the back. The bartender was exceptional, knowledgeable,and incredibly friendly. Even though I was geeking out about drinks like every other poser/hipster who comes through, the bartender handled me with perfect courtesy and professionalism. If you happen to be on First Hill, or within a reasonable distance of the Hideout and are looking for a loungey place that's a change of pace, it's definitely worth a shot.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,7/29/2014,309,567,11,15,11>It's in too new of an establishment to really be considered a hole in the wall joint.  And it's really in a spot not many would venture unless you work around the area - but trust me when I say it's worth the trek.  After spending two years in Hawaii, my palette found it difficult to enjoy what "mainlanders" called Hawaiian food around this neck of the woods.  Saimin says hits the spot tho for that island grub.  It's by far the best that i've had so far (off island).Authentic style cooking and authentic flavors.  Brings me back to the west maui days.The loco moco is on point (get the fried rice for a few more bucks).  The shoyu chicken is perfection.  The ramen is legit, plenty of noodles and meats inside.  The staff is friendly, the food is served fast, and da grub is bomb dot com!
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,7/28/2014,386,1001,22,30,22>Was going to hold off on reviewing this place, as they have just opened very recently and have publicly asked the people who come in to take it easy on them and be gentle when pointing out if there are things that need attention. Unfortunately, we're already seeing people pop up on Yelp with unneeded criticism. Takes all kinds to make a world, though, in case you were wondering what it took. This was dead space for a long time, just sitting dark and vacant for years, and the parking lot here had a windblown look to it even though lots of other businesses in here thrive. The butcher shop next door, Double DD, is particularly amazing--one of the best food businesses in Snohomish County, if not the best. But DK have come in and reclaimed a huge chunk of real estate, and turned it into something that looks like will be here for years and years to come. There's music coming out to the parking lot from near the front door now, and a big grain hopper out front. You know it's a brewery. As of this writing, they've just begun brewing here today--there's a huge wall of glass on one side of the dining room, and you can see right in to where all the shiny stainless steel is. As soon you park and walk in, you know you're in a busy, bustling environment, regardless of how busy the bar and dining room are.The layout is pretty much your normal place, rows of tables divided by low walls, but there's a lot of nice carpentry and some beautiful materials in the construction. The bar is made of wood reclaimed from a shipwreck that had been on the bottom for a while. Evidently, the carpenter is on premises from time to time (not sure what he does) and has some pretty funny stories to tell about the nasty smells of cutting into shipwreck wood. The staff is virtually all young, and all very attractive kids at that. You just get the vibe here that they expect to have a million regulars and be slammed every night, they all have that high expectation that this place will do really well. They're super friendly and outgoing, and very attentive, asking the right questions, stopping by a lot.There were a couple of newer DK beers pouring among all the regulars--had a Storm Surge Winter Ale and a Magnum PA, which is their regular IPA except hopped entirely with Magnum hops (a little sweeter and pinier than the usual hop bill we've all had a frillion times). You can order tasters, half pints, pints, and I think mugs, so you can get a sense of what their different beers are like. The staff are fairly educated about beer styles, especially the more experienced bartenders. They also have wine and a full lineup of hard licks. Quite a few people were ordering mixers at this brewery, the night I was in.The menu still has the familiar grillstone lineup. I love watching my food steam up and cook in front of me, so I think this is a blast, especially when I have the time to relax. Sort of on that note, nobody's in a blazing hurry to catch the ferry at this location, which helps the overall vibe I think. Parking's also a tiny bit easier. I had a french dip, which was really good. Like a lot of things for these first few weeks, I pointed out one or two things to the server, but I happily ate every bite and paid full price gladly. This place is just gonna get busier and busier as more people find out about it, especially since you can bring kids in here. This will, I think, get almost as busy as the ferry landing location is now, given time. It'll be kinda like the Elliott Bay Brewing Lake City location, just overrun with families bringing in every generation and hanging out alongside beer lovers and people just looking for a quick one after work. I fully expect that this will be an anchor of the neighborhood for a long time, and probably even a favorite down through the generations if they keep going.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,7/27/2014,645,1150,11,14,10>The phoenix rises from the ashes!Huarachitos used to be a mile or two up MLK, before closing a few years back.  We really liked it and were sorry to see it bite the dust.  Last night, I was headed down Othello on my way to Columbia City to check out another Mexican restaurant.  But when I saw Huarachitos sign, I just had to stop and check 'em out.  The interior of the reincarnated Huarachitos is bigger and better than before.  I loved the high ceilings, bright colors, and big painting in back of the bar.  The cumbia they were playing was excellent.  It's not often that the first ten or so songs I hear when I go to a restaurant are songs that I've already bookmarked on Spotify.  I jumped at the opportunity to try the special of the night:  Consome de Borrego (lamb soup), $15.  I liked it when my server described how the juices from the cooking lamb were harvested and then used in the soup broth.  The soup was five stars plus.  Absolutely delicious with a wonderful and complex flavor!  The soup was simply prepared, with lamb, avocado and rice. The soup came with finely diced white onion on the side, which I added to the soup.  The onion made the soup even better.  Service and hospitality could have been better. When I arrived I asked for seating for one, and a dude tried to seat me at the bar.  Fortunately, he relented and let me have a table (the restaurant was about ¼ filled).  The young Caucasian woman who was my server seemed inexperienced.  She was prompt enough in taking my order, but never came back to check on me.  After I was done eating, I waited and waited - then waited some more - for my check to appear.  I poked my head up from my iPhone and saw my server chatting with somebody in the kitchen as she was diddling with silverware on a counter.  Finally, I caught her eye and she brought the check over.  Also,  I was rather disappointed that as I left the restaurant, none of the staff acknowledged or thanked me.Still, past experiences at Huarachitos were excellent, and using them as a guide, I plan on bringing JP here for dinner.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/26/2014,167,645,6,10,7>As a fan of Pam's Kitchen in the U District, I was happy to see them open a lunch spot in SLU.  The menu is a variation of their dinner, e.g. you can get a roti but here it appears as a wrap rather than a dinner plate.  The menu is fairly limited, but very good.  I tried the geera pork coconut fried baked sandwich, and it was so good.  The filling was some ground pork and pork belly which was seasoned beautifully and a bit spicy.  But the fried bread was what takes the sandwich to another level. The only thing missing here are some chips or fries.  But definitely try one of their sandwiches for something different.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,7/25/2014,340,758,19,22,20>If you've never had fresh, house made noodles, DON'T. It will ruin you forever. I was craving other types of food that day so I didn't get any soup. I know, I know. I was at a noodle house, I get it. I had a dumpling craving and as part of my group grew hungrier, I grew hangrier (hungry + angry). I ordered fried pork dumplings and chicken wings. The dumplings had a thinner skin than I prefer and the sauce was sweeter than my liking but it was still better than most. The chicken wings were heartier and a larger portion than I expected. I thought for around $5 for each dish, I would still be hungry afterwards. I wasn't. I had to box up half the chicken wings to go. My kiddo was in a fickle mood and settled on the chicken skewers. For $2.75, you get two skewers which was perfect for a 9-year old. The flavor was really good - there was a bit of a spice rub on it and it was cooked very well. My kiddo gave it an "A+." Before you admonish me for not eating actual noodles, calm down. My friend ordered chow mein. What I liked about the dish was that you could choose from a variety of noodles. The noodles were hearty, filling, and the texture was pleasant. You can't compare fresh noodles to plain old noodles. As I said before, if you haven't had it, it will ruin you forever. You will be like Po in Kung Fu Panda - having the "noodle dream." It wasn't terribly busy when I was there. Staff members were working hard. Two people were preparing silverware. One person was hosting. Kitchen staff busily pulled noodles and prepared other dishes. Runners from the kitchen came out with steaming plates. They were very attentive. In fact, as I was eating my chicken wings, I put my second wing down and someone ran over to see if I needed a take out box. I smiled and said I wasn't done eating yet. For $23.00 or so, two adults and a child were well fed, happy, and leaving with some leftovers. Win! Take your pictures at the peek-a-boo window to the kitchen. I love watching people cook my food. Also, get a free soda with your Yelp check-in. Happy noodle dreaming Yelpies!
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,7/24/2014,466,819,10,12,8>I ate the cookies. I ate ALL the cookies. Blast you Cow Chip for being so darn flippin delicious!Seriously. This is a problem. This location is on my walk home from work. You can smell the awesome cookies wafting through the sidewalk. Their sign said "bet you can't eat just one!" and they were right. So, so right. Cow Chip has plenty of options. The standard chocolate chip being my absolute favorite. White choc/macadamia, sprinkle, peanut butter, oatmeal, walnut...the list goes on. They are all fresh. The cookies are perfectly chewy. My only qualm is that the peanut butter needed more....peanut butter? Maybe peanuts too? Same with the macadamia nut...it tasted more like a sugar cookie. Probably just the one I got. I still devoured these of course. How can you not?$3 for a large cookie$1.50 for your standard sizeand for .30 you can get the mini choc. chips!  So...so good. Thank goodness for the gym.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/23/2014,482,20,22,29,29>My experience at this particular pho restaurant was gratifying.The owner of the restaurant had a charming demeanor. She was very adorable in every way; very sweet with her compliments and her actions. Greeting guests with a genuine smile and hug and does so the same as she walks them out when they leave. She knows how to make her guests feel at home and interacts with us as she follows up on how her food is tasting. I also appreciate the patience of the servers to accommodate my neediness. More water, more tea, I need a fork. They do so swiftly and there is no need for me to complain at all. Only thing that didn't go well was when I ordered the phad Thai, and told them to not add spice to it. I wanted it plain. They repeated my order just to make sure they weren't mishearing anything, but next thing I know, it was spicier than 5 squeezes of sriracha! A few minutes after receiving the phad thai, the owner checked with us if the meal was going well, and I gave her my biggest smile saying that it was excellent (even if my mouth was on fire). I just didn't want them to remake it again and plus, I was starving so I didn't want to wait another 15 minutes. While I finished my food (that my friend helped me eat), the owner gave us complimentary creme puffs! I also gave her a big tip, just for her effort in making my first time here a special one.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,9/19/2010,91,211,26,15,16>Mistral Kitchen is too good. I don't believe it. There must be something wrong with it, because restaurants aren't this good. Like, the servers are members of a cult. The butter is from emotionally abused cows. They print their menus on non-recycled paper.Pro: The buttery smooth little lamb medallionsCon: Wanted to snort themPro: The "4d6" cocktail - roll four 6-sided dice and the bartender invents something based on the resultCon: Cannot recreate this at homePro: Dollop of 3 hour mashed and riced and buttered potatoesCon: I'm not sure I know what ricing isPro: Small portionsCon: Small portionsPro: Choose Your Own Adventure type menuCon: Kind of a pricey adventure thoughPro: Chef came out to greet us, waiter was like some kind of Meg Ryan movie heroCon: Sorry what, I was thinking about the waiterPro: Dogfish Head Midas Touch beerCon: ... is not a perfect pair with the cream puff?Oh, also: beautiful view of sunset over the Space Needle.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,9/18/2010,290,437,14,10,11>Although I complain incessantly about the Eastside [I don't have a car, and it's not exactly the easiest place to get to by bus] I have found a reason I belong here... and that reason is Fuji Bakery. Holy snap.Long, long ago [Dec. 2004] in a land far away [Japan] I fell in love with fresh Japanese bread and pastries. We've been apart for so long, it was a bit painful, and I thought I had no option but to continue our love affair when I return to Japan this autumn... but alas, my wonderful friend Mayuko brought me an assortment of delight from this bakery last summer. My hope for a substitute was rekindled.Imagine my delight when I find out the place I'm staying is just a 10 minute walk from Fuji Bakery... actually picture me jumping up and down begging boyfriend for a ride to the bakery. That time, I dropped $25 on pretty much one of everything I saw. And it was perfect.Oh god, it was perfect. Everything flavorful, fresh, and even better than I remember it those mornings in Osaka as Emily C. and I awoke from our slumber and ended up with a wicker-tray and tongs in our hands, selecting what would fill us with joy that day. I've been back four times in the last week and dropped like $75. I've never found myself dissatisfied. It's an addiction. But it is much more delicious than crack, and doesn't leave me with trackmarks or a runny nose, so I guess it's not so bad after all...
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,9/17/2010,99,124,9,17,15>Meet Cicchetti, Serafina's little sibling. Around the corner and tucked away behind a verdant courtyard, this little gem is more Mediterranean than Italian, and more cocktail than wine list.  It's a fun variation on Serafina's quality and service. Cicchetti (say chi-KEH-tee) means small plates.The regular prices here are comparable to others' happy hours, so we ordered several of them: - Octopus with salsa verde and chickpeas. The octopus was tender, the chickpeas were crisp and the salsa married the two perfectly. It was also a generously sized plate. I could come back here and have this with some focaccia and be a happy girl. - Basque potato fries with romesco (a sauce made from nuts, garlic, olive oil and red peppers). This sauce was so fabulous we ended up dipping the fries *and* the focaccia in it. Skip the olive oil and go straight for the romesco! - Fresh rosemary and sea salt focaccia was a hit with our crowd. The plate included 4 huge pieces of fragrant, perfectly moist bread. Not too dense, not too fluffy - this is my dream focaccia...sigh. - Turkish fried eggplant sandwich with feta and crudo tomato sauce - the eggplant was delicately crusted in crumbs, and not at all oily. The crudo gave us yet another little bowl for dipping fries and focaccia. This was not as memorable as the romesco, but still tasty. - The small plates left us room for dessert, so we chose the ricotta fritters in huckleberry sauce. Wow! These little pillows of ricotta were perfectly fried, and once cut into they oozed warm, sweet huckleberry sauce. More stuff of foodie dreams. Cicchetti doesn't take reservations, so we ended up sitting in a little corner by the bar. The staff was quite willing to accommodate us in our corner, and helped us maximize our counter real estate (about 36"x12"). The bartender/server was very helpful recommending wine and drinks based upon our individual tastes, and he was responsive when we looked in his direction. Go armed with patience. The parking can be difficult, and you may end up on a list waiting for a table. But go! The end result is worth it. Welcome to the family, Cicchetti!
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,9/16/2010,261,212,19,13,11>THE best gyro in town.  I'm serial.  I just love these little "hole-in-the-wall" type of eateries here in the city.  Mr. Gyros is a mini (only a couple of tables) place that dishes out some delicious gyros and falafels (and other goodies too).  When I walk into that place, I already know what I'm going to order.....the Gyro Plate.  It's packed with freshly sliced lamb and hummus.  I also like to get the Greek fries on the side as well.  While I'm waiting, I sometimes just like to stare down the "lamb log" on the rotisserie just to let it know who's boss.  You're going down, lamb log!The service is fast and friendly.  They're basically two brothers that own the establishment and are really cool about chatting about anything with the customers while waiting for their food.  Give it a try.  You'll agree they serve up the best gyros in town.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2010,9/15/2010,37,230,7,12,9>Been here before and wanted to head back to support the "for every drink purchased a dollar is donated to a book being purchased and sent to selected countries in their language".  Props to Pies & Pints for supporting such a great cause!!Food is served until midnight and even at 11pm at night on a weeknight, the place still had quite a few people.  In the front are some tables for patrons to enjoy food and a drink.  In the back is the "bar" area with a pool table.Ended up having their Beef Mushroom Burgundy Pie with a side of Sweet Potato Fries and a Hales Winter Ale.  Bill came out to be about $15.The pies are a little small, but the one I had was definitely good.  As the bartender stated, it is one of his favorites and what got him hooked.I don't know if I could eat these every night, but I'd definitely eat one again!!!Service was pretty casual, but friendly.  Don't expect to be waited on as if you were going to higher end restaurant.I'd return, but it won't be one of my "neighborhood" regular spots.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,9/14/2010,124,582,8,13,14>What does it say about me that I spent the vast majority of my wedding weekend planning focused not on anything to do with the actual wedding but solely on where to eat at which meal? Something....If so, then I'd like to think choosing Cantinetta as the spot for our post-ceremony dinner says something as well. Like maybe that food and conversation (including conversation with adjacent tables about food!) are inseparable. That eating and drinking locally and seasonally (interpreted as Washington wine to go with handmade pasta dishes or Italian wine to accompany regional recipes) matters. That simple and honest ingredients expertly coaxed and combined into lovely, lovely meals will never be surpassed by any sophisticated (or expensive) dish. No matter all my dinner deliberations, I always came back to Cantinetta. The evening was perfect: our less food-experienced family was wowed, I savored every morsel of dinner, we drank a free bottle of champagne (a gift on the house), and the sunset streamed in the west-facing windows. For me, cooking is my own creative act of love: to feed someone else is a form of blessing, and so food and love are always intertwined in my life. So perhaps what Cantinetta says about me, is that if food and love are a blessing to be celebrated, then this place is one of the shrines to which I can go to be blessed.....
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,9/13/2010,98,643,9,15,13>Donna...this one is for you! Ah-mazing color and service you did! I was bored and wanted a more dramatic change for my hair - it was delivered! At first, I was tad un prepaired but she went through all the time and hair to re-tone down the red. I think I ended up sitting in the chair for about 4 hours but Donna was insistant on getting the color right so that I didn't leave with feelings of bleaching my color out. Even though my hair all turned out amazing, I was so impressed with Donna's attitude and her efforts to please. Her skills are amazing if you want to change up your look into somthing a bit more dramatic! Very cool people, moderate pricing, hipster cuts n' color make it all happen here.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,9/12/2010,125,131,20,13,15>I had been waiting to set this particular date up for a while and a friend recommended Dilettante. He also said to get the chocolate cake martinis. So my date, who was very beautiful and dressed up all pretty like went to check this place out. I am not a big fan of chocolate so I wasn't sure what to expect. She ordered a rose martini and I ordered the chocolate cake. We settled in to see what they would taste like and enjoy a little conversation, after all were there for each other not the drinks, right? I took a sip and my eyes fluttered shut... Somehow I was transported to a field with pastels and brightly colored cartoon butterflies. Fabio approached on a Pegasus to my bewildered amazement. Hair flowing in the sunlight he spoke to me "I know you are straight Matthew, I kind of am too, I just want to say enjoy your drink" He turned to leave then paused and looked back, "And hey, (another pause with a nod of the head) your welcome." Fabio rode off into the cartoon distance.... my only thought, " thanks Fabio... "My eyes opened to see a date who was in her own trance no doubt dreaming, I think I heard her humming the theme song from Brazil. Careful the drinks are magical and transport you to strange lands.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,9/11/2010,43,127,24,12,14>Between getting molested by an inebriated octogenarian and relieving myself behind the none-too-private 3 foot high stall door, Baranof charmed my socks off.It's dark, aging, and unapologetic for being a true dive. Your beer may come with a fruit fly in it, but honey, that's just protein.And if you want a seat at the bar, you've gotta earn it. You need to show up at 6 am. Actually, you need to have shown up at 6 am in 1983 and never have left. You must drink from a rocks glass. You must love the ponies and yell at the TV. I bet I can earn a spot by 2022. I'll see you there...at 6 am with a whiskey on the rocks.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,9/10/2010,410,224,6,9,7>I'm totally a fan of this place.  It's the O-G Korean food, prepared by little old Korean ladies, and it's pretty darn good.It's hard to say what it is that makes a great Korean BBQ joint.  I think Mirak attracts a lot of "Korean Food Snobs" and also a lot of newbies who want to pretend they are expert because they know how to use chopsticks.  The last time i ate here, there was a SUPER annoying lady yelling at her husband about Korean food etiquette yet she was the biggest offender of all.  She almost ruined my delicious experience, but I digress.The food here is the closest I have come to my family's home-cooking, tho the service leaves something to be desired.  But this is the deal with most Korean places in my opinion.  If the food is pretty bomb, you are pretty much left to fend for yourself.  If you seem really new they'll coddle you a LITTLE bit and help you cook your meat.  But if you're a novice, I suggest ordering meats cooked in the kitchen :)I took my dad here when he was visiting and he didn't complain so I know it must be ok!  The ban-chan at Tobang is a little more varied and tasty but I love Mirak!
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,12/2/2009,87,262,12,13,13>A speakeasy in this day and age? When you can drink in just about every square inch of the planet? Ah, why not?!No sign, no windows, no peeking. The owner was standing outside, greeted us, let us in the curtained foyer and then escorted us to the bar. If you want to feel like a celeb getting into a private club with limited access, this is the way to go.However - anyone can get in and last week it was full of young CapHill women in sweaters and glasses, something you'd see on Anywhere Street any day of the week. The bartenders are more edgy as far as style goes...I ordered the Gin and Ginger, and it was good, though one was plenty - too sweet. For a 'speakeasy' their classic cocktail stock + mixology needs some tightening up. Forgive - they are only a couple weeks into operations.The food however, spot on GOOD! Hot Dog with cucumber and peppers; Pretzel with Mustard; and well - I don't remember the third, but I did like everything and the prices were reasonable.Capitol Hill is home to some swank places and I'm sure this will draw the hipsters right in before long...  Though how 'insider' can it be when Yelpers are on the prowl...??
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2009,12/1/2009,133,298,16,20,19>Hands down, the best sushi experience I've ever had.Now, in fairness, this was the first time I'd done omakase, and I know that had a lot to do with it. The company was also top notch! Sylvia W and Mimi L are excellent omakase partners because, like me, they will try anything! If you haven't scoped out Sylvia's photo documentation of our epic quest, you really should: yelp.com/biz_photos/XPoJ…Even if I assume omakase with Sylvia and Mimi would be awesome at another 5 star sushi joint, there are many things about Mashiko that warrant my coveted 5 star rating. Here are the first 10 that come to mind:[ONE] Their website is sushiwhore.com.[TWO] They have pins that you can take home. I now have a pin that says SUSHI WHORE. (Are you sensing a trend?)[THREE] Sustainable sushi!! It's a great concept - they have mini booklets that you can look over to inform you about which types of fish are sustainable in which regions. Note that this means they don't have Spider rolls - but personally, I think that's fine, since Spider rolls don't have enough meat to balance out the crunch.[FOUR] Their chopsticks are made from recycled material! They're reusable, really cool looking, and they have pairs for sale. I'm getting a couple next time I go.[FIVE] The food! Everything was awesome. The fish was fresh and delicious, and the desserts were very creative!! Have you looked at Sylvia's photos yet?? yelp.com/biz_photos/XPoJ… Do yourself a favor - get the fried coconut brownie. It was perfection in my mouth.[SIX] The signage. I know this is a dislike for some people, but for me, it sets a great tone for the restaurant. Especially the signs about the food - to me, it says: "Just chill. Don't be picky. Trust the sushi chefs, and they'll make you happy."[SEVEN] The stuffed geoduck on the counter above the sushi bar. Not only is it super cute, it's a perfect prop to explain different parts of the geoduck and why they have different texture. I WANT ONE.[EIGHT] Sushi bar webcam! You better believe that I set my facebook status to encourage everyone to watch me eat sushi. Mashiko helped me realize my exhibitionist potential.[NINE] Music selection. I read on their website that Hajime is all about creating a modern environment, and it shows in the music choices.[TEN] Maki variety!! Of course, I didn't get to try very much maki because I was doing omakase. But I will definitely try some of the maki next time I go back. If the taste lives up to the variety, Mashiko may unseat my #1 favorite sushi joint in the US!GO THERE.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2009,11/30/2009,111,230,10,13,10>When I first came to Seattle and started to Yelp. I keep hearing about this Dive Bar called Pony. Something seemed very "unique?" about the original pony's, A Creepy Cool with 70's back page ads and in the  center of attention air hockey table.When people enter your greeted with a cheers style "Gay Derogatory term"being shouted at entering patrons. Unfortunately It closed when I first heard about it as it was bulldozed over to make condo's..(i think)But it magically it re-open looking like a entrance to Camelot...A Gay(er) Camelot with air hockey and a guy dressed up in Mexican fiesta fare. The entrance  sign telling incoming patrons that this Gay Bar is a very Gay Bar, No homophobes..and when I entered I did not hear anyone saying the Official Pony style greeting but oh well. I got my Diet Coke and walk around..Filled with young gays, lesbians, Boi's and ambiguous Hipsters. A nice girl started making convo and everyone seemed to be very nice.Awesome music and dance lights decorated the mini dance floor. It seems to be more polished and even upscale(?) to my readings of the original pony's of just being a dive bar with air hockey. Being a prude of anything pornographic i felt fine here...There was 1950's video's playing and they were more humorous than pornographic..like a Gay three stooges or a silent movie humor video's of gay scenario's.  The times of people not talking to me I have this social thing where I look at the decor at bars...but the only thing to look at is pics of nude men and the video's...I am not really thinking about it but something to place my eyes and to think to myself as a social shield but then i realized my eyes have been on a picture of a nude dude for 6mins..and I don't think it's a straight or gay thing but when does that not get socially unacceptable at starting at walls of nude people and not looking like a creep...So I spectated Airhocky and seemed like it was not as a big thing to do at the new pony's but it's there as people dance and drink PBR from paper bags. but overall It's a cool place and a friendly vibe.note:should bring cash..Credit is a $10.00 minimum
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,11/28/2009,293,280,7,11,9>Wow...  I left this dance lesson feeling like I felt when I finally found a native speaker who taught me conversational Spanish.  Vassili and the other instructors here teach you salsa from the ground up, starting with the African roots of the dance and tracing the US-Latino influence in steps and lessons.  They teach the passion, joy, and perfectionism in a way that makes learning a beautiful thing.  Vassili is also a flamenco guitarist, and his appreciation for music is evident in his teaching style.  These lessons are worth every centavo.  I can't imagine anything better in Seattle.Bravo!
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,11/25/2009,224,247,9,11,11>YES! I went to The Grand Opening Day. This is their 1st location in the Pacific Northwest. The Counter features gourmet custom burgers with over 300,000 possible taste combos. You build your own burger using an extensive list of ingredients. Its gourmet custom burgers aren't just made-to-order, they're made to your creative liking. They serve various wines & beer to choose from as well. Service was great, the best thing about eating here is wondering what kind of yummy creation your checklist creates. So I have made combination #2 of 350,000, only 349,998 more ways to go! I had a side of Yam Fries & Fried Dill Pickles, both were tasty. Just FYI though if your Burger has tons of toppings be prepared to use a fork & knife combo. It can get very pricey depending on all the additional premium toppings your choose.I took a menu home & laminated it so I can save a few trees along the way on my quest to try all the Combos =D
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,11/24/2009,57,105,6,11,10>Yep, I finally got 'Musashi-ed'. And yep, it was all that and a bag of chips.There were a few people waiting before us, be sure to go inside and sign in. Somebody will come out and get you when there is a table available. The wait time wasn't all that bad, around 15 minutes. The hardest part about waiting was smelling all the food from the outside!I had the Chirashi bowl which was delicious. The pieces of sashimi were so fresh, I'm salivating typing this out right now.My friend had the spicy tuna roll and the califonia roll as well as the vegetable skewer. She enjoyed her food and also noted how fresh the tuna was. For the price, the quality of the food is awesome.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2009,11/23/2009,200,171,18,18,19>Salvatore Ristorane is my culinary equivalent of a cozy blankey.This is the place I turn to when I need a pat on the back and a comfy "there there." The food is distinctly 80s-style Italian: evolved, but only just. They are firmly planted only one or two overcooked noodles away from being an old-timey classic red or white sauce joint. What elevates Salvatore from  glop is an intense dedication to wonderful ingredients. Last night was a disaster, however. The lovely hostess has been let go and the waiters tried their best to control the masses, but ultimately the masses won and our waiter admitted sweaty defeat as he dropped a greasy fork on my lap and then plunked down a mess of dessert by way of an apology. The high-light of last night's service: the waiter finally found his way to our table to tell us the specials (an hour after our arrival!) and began by asking us to please stop him if we didn't want to hear the details. The restaurant version of hitting the fast forward button, I guess. The only thing that saved the meal was, well, the meal. Especially and particularly the appetizer plate of creamy, delicate mozzarella di bufala campana dressed with olive oil and improbably delicious tomatoes - seriously? Tomatoes? In Seattle? In NOVEMBER? I'll always cuddle you Salvatore, just try not to soil me again, k?
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,11/22/2009,221,219,7,10,10>Everything is better in Ballard. That is my new motto, and if you don't like it you can GTFO, haters. Nothing better than wandering around the gnarly misty streets and coming upon a cute little cafe. What I like about this place, is the few times I've visited, I've managed to miss the lunch rush. Luck! Seriously, Ballard rocks my socks so hard that I literally make up excuses to drive or bus myself out here. Yes, there is another Other Coast location much much closer to me, but I just like the employees at this one better.This place is yet another reason why I love this 'hood. Small and unassuming, it packs a punch! Last time I was here they were mopping the floors and everything was in total disarray, yet they still managed to make my sammie in a timely manner. Last time I dined here, I tried the Please No Meat sandwich sans mayo. It was so good. One of the best veggie sandwiches I've had in a while. It fell apart all over the damn place, making it a bit more like a salad that I had to eat with my hands....Otherwise, yum! Another good one is The Dybwad....Maybe I only like it because if it's name, I dunno....But the roast beef is so tender and tasty that I half expected the sandwich to look me in the eye and say MOO.The music they play here sometimes makes me want to attack someone, though.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,11/20/2009,141,414,10,10,10>Some friends and I ended up at the Baranof last Friday night. We walked in and my friend was like, "is this the bar?" I told her this place was like a mullet, you have your restaurant business portion in the front and then have the bar party in the back. She understood once we walked into the bar. We were the youngest people by at least 50 years. One man had the thickest most powerful mustache I have ever had the privilege of seeing. To my delight, there were not many patrons there that night. The poor karaoke host who was wearing red leopard print spandex pants didn't have a job since no one signed up to sing. I could have never asked for a better Friday night.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2009,11/19/2009,331,569,18,19,13>The Tap House has 160 beers on tap. If your reaction to that statement is one of excitement or curiosity, then a visit to the establishment is in order. Actually, if you throw around terms like hops and yeast or lager and pilsner, which is basically a whole other language, then you should probably just check this place out. If your reaction to my original statement is, "Okay, but do they serve PBR?" or "Okay, but is it ONLY beer??" or even "Okay, but how's the service or is this a yuppy infested dark hole?" then you may not enjoy your experience AS much. My reaction fell into the second grouping. BUT I admit, The Tap House is worthy of three stars, despite my non-beer-appreciating ways. So, they have lots of beer. Don't ask me what I even drank, because I recognized like 5 names on the list and ended up having my waiter surprise me (I'm decisive like that). With that said, I can't really comment on their beer. I'm not versed in the ways of brewing or any of their offerings, but I can tell you they have it and they have a lot of it. However, I can speak with confidence on their happy hour food offerings and their service. The service can be best described as "Open mouth, insert foot." Little wit to be found. As for the food, I've only ordered off of the happy hour. Yesterday, for a coworkers going away party, our table ordered several of every single food item on the menu. For sharing, I'd recommend the hummus plate and the fiery goat cheese dip. The calamari lacked any flavor whatsoever, so it was basically fried rubber. The chips that accompanied the artichoke dip were rather salty and stale, which isn't a good combo. I assume if you're still reveling in my first statement you'll like the Tap House just fine.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2007,6/24/2007,200,171,17,13,6>My daughter lives at this gym. You might say it's our home as far away as possible within city limits from home. She clocks more hours working out (at their other location - the team gym) than I did when I had a job. So I guess I love this place. I love the coaches, and I love the other team parents. Or most of them. One or two give me a severe pain in my ass, but for the most part this gym is my extended family. I'm pathetic. I'm also co-president of the booster club. See? Pathetic.Oh, and they have a nice selection of GK leotards, if you need one - which I don't. Trust me.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,6/23/2007,222,363,5,7,8>Going the 5 star route here people, look lively!The main dining room is as big as a living room. Yes it's that small. But damn it works.We wandered in around 6:30pm on a Saturday and were immediately greeted by the gal that would be our server and the cook (the counter and kitchen are RIGHT THERE when you walk in). They have practically ever Mexican beer, even Sol. Hello! That's like the PBR of Mexican beers. Mama, I'm home! However truth be told, I'm getting the sangria next time. Another table was ordering them like they were free off of ebay and they looked good (the sangria not the people ordering them). I had the Almondrado: a luscious chicken dish with a less smoky almond mole sauce. The meat just fell off the bone when I poked it with my fork. I love that. And not a dry piece anywhere. The black beans and rice was a nice, light accompaniment as my chicken was flavorful enough. The man-child had a joyous puerco dish with a generous portion of good sized chunks of pork swimming in green chili. When the owner, Kathleen Andersen, came to clear some plates, Ian waffled at the prospect of parting with his green chili. She matter-of-factly stated he wasn't done with it and got him more corn tortillas. She also brought a take-away container because the leftover would be good on eggs (Ian put the leftover on steak and it was happy good). Nick and Nicole both had the Camarones Enchiliados (sp?) which was another generous portion of prawns slathered in a cheesy chili saucy stuff. Honestly they didn't share, they didn't even offer me a damn bite, THAT'S how good their meal was. Our table was by a window and when the sun dropped below neighboring buildings, our server pulled the outside shades up. I was rewarded with a brilliant breeze that made my second beer feel like my first.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2006,6/22/2007,615,688,15,22,14>Wow.  Is this place for real?  It's like someone crawled into one of the messed up corners of my head and brought together my love of pseudo-french ambiance, sensual ladies in corsets, and campy game show hosts.  Than they discovered my love of macaroni and cheese, mixed up a crazy cocktail and grabbed an eclectic bunch of misfits and threw it all down the stairs!  It's just that good.This is one of the hidden gems of the nightlife of downtown Seattle.  You can grab a late night meal, an after work drink, see a great show or just socialize with the mix of young people that find this place.  So first off, the food is great.  Wonderful macaroni and cheese.  Creamy, baked and topped off with croutons.  Yum.  The drinks are strong and tasty.  A little pricey if you order the fancy ones but worth it.  the Can-tini is spectacular.  The wait staff are friendly and take care of each other. Meaning they cover each others tables and keep drinks and service flowing with a smile.  And they are far from overbearing.The crowd is a great mix of Seattle.  Punks, UW kids, couples, professionals, birthday celebrators, your mom, just a nice mix of Seattle's youth.  Mostly a younger crowd of early 20s to late 30s. The best thing about this place are the shows.  They do local burlesque, local musicians and the best thing of all BIG WHEEL BINGO!  Yes, Seattle is home to the best game show EVAR!  They have it every Thursday and it's an incredible experience.  So check it out.  bigwheelbingo.com
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2007,6/21/2007,34,128,16,9,14>I seem to be on a streak of great bar experiences, and the 9lb has pushed the bar a little higher. Somebody said Georgetown is the last neighborhood in Settle that hasn't "sold out" and I am inclined to agree. Synopsis of the evening... - celebrate succesfully entering the establishment with, a pint.- celebrate finally meeting yelpers with, a pint.- celebrate victory at shuffelboard with Jon L. and, a pint.- celebrate pinball victory over Katie S. with, a pint- celebrate another shuffelboard victory (Jon L. is a master...) with, a     pint- eat some peanuts- celebrate being at work at 4am the next morning with coffee, 64 ozs     of water, four excedrin migraine tablets, and a sausage egg      McMuffin. See Ya next friday...
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/19/2007,42,93,7,7,6>My father and I checked out SAM's new digs this weekend.  It was bloody fantastic.  Just as we were finishing up seeing the last room we had yet to explore, a staff member came and told everyone that the museum would be closing in 15 minutes.  We were flabergasted!  What business does anything in Seattle have closing around 3 in the afternoon?  When I checked my phone we realized it was nearly 5, and we had been there for just over four hours.  Such amazing entertainment, plus a little light exercise (lots of walking and standing), for only $13 per person, AND guilt free because you're enjoying and supporting the arts while making yourself a little more cultured, just cannot be beat.  Seatting to rest your weary legs if necessary is in great shape and all over the place.  Bathrooms are easy to find, plentiful, and very clean.  Staff is very kind, good-humored, and helpful.  The variety of works displayed is impressive, there really is something everyone will enjoy.  The gallaries are spacious, and the information provided on the walls and displays is very interesting, clear, and helps very much to make the experience enjoyable, even for those of us who have no experience or education with the arts.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2007,6/17/2007,130,114,7,8,10>I'm surprised this hasn't been reviewed yet! I'm not sure when I first started coming here or how I found out about it. I think I was just hungry for pizza really late one night and was just randomly calling places from the phone book.Oh wait, now I remember. I was working a night audit job at a Univeristy District hotel and we had a special deal with them. We agreed to refer hotel guests to them if they would provide the occasional small pizza free of charge to our front desk staff.So that's how it all started. I never had any problem referring our guests to Milano's because it's always been really good pizza. My favorite is the Chicken Club, which has "chicken, onions, bacon, fresh tomatoes, Cheddar and mozzarella cheese over creamy garlic sauce." Always delivered hot and delicious.They have a very extensive delivery area. I used to live downtown and they delivered there, now I live in Crown Hill (north of Ballard) and they deliver here as well. The Chicken Club we ordered last night had the cheese nicely "baked" so there was a delicious hardened layer of cheese on top.Also, the person who answers the phone has a great voice! He has a very polite British voice that just makes you want to buy. He should really be working in some other field, like phone sex, telemarketing, or selling time shares. Be sure to check the website before calling for coupons.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2006,6/16/2007,53,99,5,5,7>Being pecked in the eye by a surly crow is one of my more irrational fears in life. In fact, I pretty much hate most birds, but crows seem to be the most arrogant of them all, the way they strut around the yard, squawking at all the smaller birds as if they are the bosses of the bird world. I mean, they hardly even move out of the way when cars come near. Damn, narcissistic birds.I know this has absolutely nothing to do with the following review, but I just felt I needed to get that out in the open. Because even the name alone is enough to make me think twice before going into a restaurant called Crow. I've seen the movie The Birds, and granted it was mainly about seagulls, but I prefer to keep my distance from modern-day dinosaurs, if I can.Fortunately for me, however, I was not attacked by a crow while eating at Crow. In fact, I was quite distracted by the fabulousness of the food to really notice all the iron crows ominously watching over the dining room. My husband Roth and I went early on a Friday evening without a reservation and snagged a table just under the wire. But our punishment, if you will, for not making a reservation was a time limit on the table. The hostess told us we'd need to be done by 7:15, and would that be enough time? It was just before 6, so we figured more than an hour would be plenty of time. Or else, what would happen, I wondered under my breath. Would we turn into pumpkins?Regardless of the time limit, we settled in for a round of drinks. I ordered the Murder of Crows, or Absolut Mandarin and Citron, Creme de Cassis and fresh lemon, while Roth tried the Belgian farmhouse ale (the actual name escapes me, and it's not listed on their online menu) -- both of which were $7 each. A little spendy for beer served in a red wine glass, but the other beers on the menu were under $5, so we figured the $7 beer must be something special. Roth thought it was really smooth, while my drink was mouth-puckering tart perfection.But the food? My god, the food was sublime. I started with the soup du jour, which was pureed potato and leek with a drizzle of olive oil and sprinkling of fresh herbs on top. It took all of me to keep from licking the bowl, but then I remembered that I was in public. Roth started with the Bartlett pear and bibb lettuce salad, which was dressed in a light vinaigrette and garnished with crumbled stilton and walnuts. Also amazingly fresh and crisp.For our main courses, I ordered the prosciutto-wrapped breast of chicken (apparently, I have no problem eating birds) with green beans and wine reduction sauce, while Roth opted for the daily fish special, which was pan-seared halibut topped with Portobello duxelle on top of sauteed escarole and buerre blanc. I had heard good things about the chicken, and I was not disappointed in the least. I'm thinking that from now on, I will demand that all my food be served in a similar gift wrapping of crispy prosciutto. Yes, even donuts.If we were being picky for the sake of being picky, Roth's halibut special seemed a tad pricey for just six ounces of filet - $22? And served without any sort of starch, all of which were offered on the menu as a la carte items. But my chicken was worth every cent of its $15 price, with or without starch. And also, the food runner who brought the soup and salad did not bring me a soup spoon or offer me any fresh cracked pepper (though, he did offer Roth some for his salad, but flat-out ignored me). But again, just being nitpicky, because truly, the dinner was superb. We finished up just before getting the 7:15 boot, which meant forgoing dessert, but I was so satisfied with my food choices that I couldn't care less. Though, I'm thinking if we'd lingered for even a few more minutes, what with no other open tables for her 7 p.m. reservations, the hostess would've been the one to peck out my eye, as opposed to one of the ornamental crows hanging up around the place as decor.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2007,6/15/2007,122,165,16,11,6>Hi. My name is Trish, and I left my Powerbook charger plug in an outlet at a Dallas hotel. Yes, I'm a hipster doofus. After a couple phone calls to the hotel and receiving "Sorry, the room is occupied, can you call back tomorrow" replies, I decided to suck it up and get another charger.I'm going to a conference in two days and need power for my laptop. Translation:  I don't have much time to futz around in an Apple Store trying to find someone who is more interested in helping others who *might* want a computer than helping me, who *will* buy a product. So, I decided to investigate the Mac Store. I found a $10 coupon (off a $50 purchase) on the web--score! As of 5/16/07, here's the link:thesurvivalkit.com/macst…I waltzed into the Mac Store around 3pm, went to the sales desk at the rear of the store. A very allergic (sneezing) clerk asked if she could help. After I Gesundheit-ed her, I informed her of my plight. She brought me a charger. Not the cool-looking, genuine, easy-to-grab square Mac charger, but the uncool, ugly, replicant version. The Mac store ran out of the former, but the latter was cheaper. Recognizing the importance of the second of Twelve Steps of Hipster Doofusism: *That I believe an empowered Powerbook  could restore me to sanity,* I let go of the hope for an aesthetically pleasing charger and instead went with the replicant.I handed the allergic clerk my coupon, she rang me up, handed me my replicant, and I was outta there, empowered, in ten minutes.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2007,6/14/2007,53,99,21,10,10>"Every WhoDown in Who-villeLiked the Rack a lot... But the girl,Who lived just east of the Rack,Did NOT! The girl hated the Rack!The whole shoe department!Now, please don't ask why. No one quite knows the reason.It could be that the shoes were always scattered and never quite right.It could be, perhaps, that none of the shoes were put up at night.But I think that the most likely reason of allMay have been that most of the shoes were two sizes too small."If you have the patience, the time, and a big stick to wade through all of the shoes scattered on the floor, then go.  Despite my terrible experiences with the shoes, it gets 3 stars for the handbags, earrings and lotion.  Trust me.  Stick to the main floor and you'll be fine.  If you venture to the bottom or top, you have been duly warned.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2007,6/13/2007,29,17,9,6,8>The White Horse feels like a surreal storage room in the basement of an elegant English hunting lodge. The torn vinyl sofas, the darkness, the beer barrel tables and the generous crust of Anglo-themed artifacts (saddles, golf clubs, books, Courier and Ives-esque engravings, etc.) lend the place a haphazard but cozy vibe. Mix in the odd chess club, dog, server in a tartan miniskirt, silver bearded Market dweller or  roomful of hard-drinking lesbians and you can't help but notice that this is NOT your father's drinking establishment. It's your great, great grandfather's drinking establishment... on acid.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,5/13/2012,506,1620,5,8,10>I've caught this place in my glance so many times while passing by on Rainier and decided to pop in for lunch recently... so glad I did.Upon entering, there were no customers and after a few moments, a lady came out to greet me. Her name's Kim and she's a pleasant and charming Vietnamese lady with a beautiful smile and warm personality. She told me lunch was added about 1 year ago and it's always slow; busy nights are usually Fri-weekends... what a shame! My first impression of this place won my heart over. The Japanese design throughout with subtle modern touches here and there is really great and inviting. My salmon teriyaki was good, as was my salmon nigiri which looked awesome and freshly presented on a glass fan plate by a charming and quiet old man; kind of like the NPC's in older Final Fantasy games (only game nerds might get that reference).Worth the lunch trip from downtown Seattle all you downtown workers you. =P ;) Would like to try the teppanyaki some day.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,5/12/2012,300,256,5,10,8>Five Fish Bistro is a solid pick and would be good for a quick bite, casual date spot, or dinner out with friends. The decor is neutral with plenty of seating and great peoplewatching windows onto Broadway. You head on back to the counter where you can pick from a variety of fish and chips options, sandwiches, sides (including fried pickles), and beverages. We had two of the listed specials, a fried oyster po boy and rockfish and chips. I was charmed by the owner, who approached me when I went for a water refill to ask about my experience. She had set up a little station at a back table, where she could casually keep an eye on the restaurant and take some notes on a computer. She wasn't invasive, would only approach people as they were leaving or circulating, but was clearly interested in guest experience and how to improve the joint. I asked her favorites on the menu and she said that the fish and chips as well as the caesar stood out. As for the food, their po boy would appeal to almost all tastes and is big enough to split. Soft hoagy roll, great thick-cut bacon, and basic dressing of mayo, tomato, crisp lettuce. The fried oysters were good but a bit soggy by the end of our meal. Could be the way of fried oysters though, not their preparation. As for the fry plate, the rockfish was great quality and generously cut. We got three large pieces of fish, lightly battered, with a side of freshly made tartar sauce. Yay for freshly made sauces! The chips were basic cut, though crisp and very hot. Not much in the way of seasoning but delicious and, again, good for all palates. While I enjoy the pike fish fry fried vegetables, sandwich presentation, and quirky atmosphere, Five Fish delivers a good fry up. I'd especially suggest it for larger groups or for those with kids.
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,5/11/2012,528,376,21,16,14>***Oh my goodness.  Could it be?  A bar with two of my favorite things: alcohol, and sex?  Wait, no, that's not right.  What does Sexton mean?  I'm confused.***I did look up "Sexton" and this is what wikipedia told me: A sexton is a church, congregation, or synagogue officer charged with the maintenance of its buildings and/or the surrounding graveyard.  Hmm...I still don't get it. After getting over the confusion of "Sexton", I sat down and tried their lovely tequila cocktail: Daisy's Last Stand.  Filled with Tequila, Lime, Grenadine, Ginger Soda.  So delicious!  I could've downed at least 5 of these, but I controlled myself.  My coworkers were brave enough to "Bet on your Bartender", but were pleasantly surprised with their mysterious cocktail...they drank a lot of bourbon this night.  :)Next on the list, FOOD.  We ordered the collard greens, ribs (bourbon BBQ, yum), hush puppies with spicy aioli, and red beans & rice.  ALL really captures the "southern comfort" idea and damn were these items tasty!  Next time I definitely want to try the fried chicken, sexton mac, and sliders.  Geez so much good stuff!The decor is awesome.  From the outside, the windows are all foggy (because of all the sex going on ;)) and it's very dim lit inside.  The chandeliers were made up of mason jars, which I thought was SO creative!  Overall, awesome.  This is definitely on my HH go-to list now!***Update, Feb 9 2012*** was recently notified that Sexton is the chef's last name. :)  Thanks, Nina!
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,5/9/2012,579,280,4,8,9>Wow. I just received a really nice letter from the owner concerning the customer service. That really went a long way with me when I'm used to spending half an hour with companies like...for instance...Comcast on the phone in their computer system only to be routed to a message saying that their customer service center is closed for the day.So I'm really flabbergasted when I get some real customer service, from any organization. Sip and Ship--Five stars!
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,5/8/2012,174,215,4,12,8>First Stumptown, and now Mio--I'll never need to go home to Portland now. Between the three of us, we probably ordered way too much food--yet somehow there wasn't a scrap of rice left on our plates. We had Unagi and Hamachi nigiri, and the following rolls: spicy white tuna, Mt. Fuji, Kanihama, Yellowtail, Tempura roll, and I think a couple of other ones thrown in there. All of the fish was super fresh. I could have eaten plate after plate of Hamachi and would have left happy.I wouldn't order the Mt. Fuji again though; I don't like uncooked salmon, but love cooked salmon, so thought that the Mt. Fuji roll would be nice to try, but it had way too much mayonnaise on it--especially considering that salmon is already so oily.The simpler and more traditional rolls are the way too go.  Service was friendly, efficient, and unobtrusive. Our tea was refilled frequently and we felt well taken care of.  The decor is a little sterile (I prefer the tiny Victorian house in the Alphabet District) and looks a lot more like a lunch spot than a dinner place. Mio is definitely going to give Maneki and Umi a run for their money.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,5/7/2012,76,510,4,15,7>OK OK. I normally avoid places that are tiny, have long waits, and close when they run out of stuff...but, I make exception for Nook.I had the day off and decided to head over to Nook a few minutes before opening. Shortly after my arrival, a couple stood next to me and we anxiously awaited the doors opening at 9am (which is kind of late for a breakfast place, but whatever).I ordered the ham/cheese/egg sandwich with pickled jalapeno and an egg/tomato/cheese sandwich, along with their breakfast biscuit sandwich (bacon/egg/cheese/tomato jam) for later.  I asked whether their sandwiches could keep for a bit because I wasn't going home for a few hours and they said it would (I was a little skeptical). Btw, apparently they limit the number of plain buttermilk biscuits a person can buy to two, I thought that was interesting.The ham sandwich was excellent. I'm not a huge biscuit fan and that's because I've been eating the wrong biscuits for a long time. Their buttermilk biscuit is a perfect balance of soft, flaky, buttery, moist, with a bit of crust on the outter edges to keep it interesting. The ham sandwich was excellent. It's very important to me to be able to take a bite of ham and have it really tender and theirs was. The jalapenos were great! I could do for about three times as many, but I tend to overdo the spice (it was more warm heat, than spicy heat). Anyway, we were both extremely pleased with our sandwiches and when I gave the breakfast sandwich to my hub later in the day..it totally held up and he loved his sandwich as well.So begins the obsession. I placed a bulk order for a dozen biscuits plus sausage gravy for craft night. You need to place your order at least 2 days in advance and be able to pick up your order Weds-Sun. Pick-up was no problem that day, and in fact, their store was a bit empty which made me feel bad that I didn't have more time to stay and order something.  While there, I asked for a sample of their butternut squash gravy and got a taste in a little espresso cup which was sooo cute. The butternut squash gravy tasted like actual gravy! I was impressed, I thought it would be more like a soup but it's totally not. I promptly placed ANOTHER order for a dozen biscuits with butternut squash gravy for Thanksgiving. :)The packaged order was done with care, biscuits were wrapped in pairs and there were heating/storage instructions for both biscuits and gravy. If you preorder, the biscuits are $1each, which is a great deal (I think they are like $2 otherwise)! They also offer a cheddar and herb biscuit ($15 per doz) but I haven't tried it yet, I'm sure it's really good as well. The sausage gravy was the bomb, with healthy chunks of ground sausage. A crack of fresh black pepper will awaken the other seasonings. The aforementioned butternut squash gravy was excellent on Thanskgiving day. It was a nice counter to the typical brown turkey gravy we serve. The biscuits last forever (it seemed, I ate biscuits for four days straight). I totally didn't follow their instructions but biscuits are pretty easy to keep around and nom on.During my last visit, I had their goat cheese biscuit (w/ egg and tomato jam). The tomato jam was sweeter than I thought. It was sweet-sweet, rather than a savory-sweet like caramelized. They were generous with the fluffy goat cheese. It was tasty, but not a favorite and that's ok because everything else is a favorite.I have a love/hate with their location because it's too far away for a quick bite (if I catch a bus, it will still take about 15mins one way) but I probably don't need to be eating biscuits every day anyway. As others have said, the location is teeny tiny. I've been fortunate to visit when there were places to sit and enjoy my sandwich or wait for my order to be packaged. The two who run the shop are super nice and happy!  It appears like they aren't doing their grilled cheese happy hour any longer but occasionally they will post their sandwich (non-biscuited) offering on their twitter. I have yet to try their sweet biscuits (with apple butter or banana/nutella). And finally, I still check their website/twitter/facebook quite often to see how they're doing. :)
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,5/6/2012,13,91,6,10,4>I'm a native Chicagoan and can say this is probably the best representation of the style in Seattle.  I had given up at one point actually.  After the disappointment of Delfino's in the U Village mall and this one place on 45th st. ln Wallingford, I couldn't stand trying another place.  I resigned to always eat thin crust while in Seattle, the same town that rates Pagliacci's pizza 4 stars (LOL oh my word).Not anymore.  I agree with other Chicagoans here in that it is NOT "real" Chicago style, but that doesn't stop it from trying and I'm super glad they DO try!  They make it taste real good.  The sauce is not too spicy, the ingredients are good, and even after 15 min of a drive home from picking it up, the crust at the bottom wasn't soggy.  That's to be expected of cornmeal crust.  There's a good amount of toppings in what I had (the California pizza with additional sausage).  The feta and the parmesan cheese went perfectly and the experience was sublime.  Before, I thought I had to spend $75 for two pizzas from Lou Malnati's to be shipped in dry ice to my door for Chicago style pizza.  Now I can just hop across town and have it for $20.  If there's any complaint it is the usual with Fremont, NO PARKING.  But that's about it.  I seriously hope this place succeeds because they earned it.  Good job Kylie's!  Just to level set everyone, a 40 min wait is NOT THAT UNREASONABLE with thick crust pizza like this, so stop your whining. I typically waited an hour back home, so this is speedy.  The other thing is, before you whine about your stomach being all full with heavy pizza, WELL DUH!  THIS IS THICK CRUST!  What do you expect, feathers to fill your insides as you dance on your merry way?  NO!  You're supposed to feel IMMOBILE after eating two slices.  Finally, someplace that comes at least somewhat close!  Thanks!
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,5/5/2012,49,359,3,6,5>I'd put Lil' Jon in the category with Denny's, IHOP and the like: Americana Diner food... but, Lil' Jon is actually really GOOD!  On the few occasions I've stepped in, I wasn't early enough to try a cinnamon roll or the biscuits, but I really want to after seeing the recommendations AND how the wait staff just kind of chuckled when we asked if they had any more and it was still before noon!  The place is busy in the morning and early afternoon for breakfast/brunch, but we planned to arrive mid-afternoon and it wasn't as booming as it had been during peak breakfast hours.  The service has always seemed fast and friendly.  Even when we arrived in the late morning, we were seated in under 10 minutes without needing to write our names down or anything (we honestly thought we'd have a longer wait by the size of the line, but things moved along swiftly).  The servings are rather massive and not really expensive, so you get a good amount for your dollar; they do offer some smaller options ("Lite Bites" I think they're called) if you're not ready to eat a horse when you come.  Another good thing: breakfast is served all day... and, YES, you definitely SHOULD get the bacon!  It's not the thin scraggly bacon you get at other diners; here, it is thick and flavorful. Good stuff!I would like to give this place 5 stars, but I haven't found anything there that completely WOWs me.  Yes, the bacon is superior to the stuff served at other places, but the other items I've had haven't quite matched it in quality.  The portions are huge, but I'd prefer to have great flavor/execution over size.  The other food items are "fine" but not OMGAMAZINGNOMNOMNOM quality.... but, I haven't been able to try the "flagship" items like the cinnamon rolls or the biscuits because they don't have them by the time I step in; I do think, though, that if they know these items are so very popular that maybe they should consider making some more so that during their peak breakfast hours more patrons have a chance to try them.  If/When I do get to finally try those and if they're spectacular, I'll definitely bump this place up a notch because it really is a great diner -- much more special than jumping into one of those breakfast chain restaurants!
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,5/4/2012,508,442,7,9,8>If you like chicken pot pie then you'll absolutely love this place. Lots of varieties of pies from mac and cheese, pot roast, chicken, veggie, sweet pies...  Freshly baked every morning with the menus posted online.  New creations daily.  I tried the meat pie and oh my what a delight.  I love the crust and their not stingy with the filling. Lots of meat and lots of flavor.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,5/3/2012,37,83,,10,7>I love it when a new place opens and you can tell people know what they're doing.Cure is a simple place. Simple but good, that is. No fancy cocktails. No insane decor. Just good food and good service. It's small and private. The wines are wonderful. The meats and cheeses as well.Don't expect a pile of food when you order a plate. You're paying for quality, not quantity. And it's worth every penny. And they have mortadella. I love me some mortadella. The spicy pickled veggies are out of this world. I will be going back again, and again, and again...
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/24/2013,142,23,11,13,15>Que Delicioso!! Luis strikes a home run again! First, he brought us the best coffee in Beacon Hill (The Station) and then he hits the neighborhood  with the best sandwiches! Luis, you're spoiling us :) please do continue. The shop is sandwiched between (heh heh..) Inay's and Fiesta Mex Video. You can tell Luis has big love for his neighborhood, he has the walls covered with vintage, black and white photos of Beacon Hill from the 1920s and even has his menu items named after Beacon Hill landmarks. I decided to go with the "Special of the Day," which was the tuna melt (hold the bacon please). And hot damn! This was seriously the best tuna melt my lips have ever touched! He doesn't skimp on the amount of fixins' in there either. My sandwich was loaded with chunky tuna, pickles, tomato, lettuce, and that amazing chipotle sauce he added on! My husband hates the taste of chipotle but I had him try a bite of the sandwich anyway and he loved it! That's sayin' a lot. I know some of you big eaters are thinking that the sandwich might not fill you up but trust me, your stomach will be extremely satisfied. They even give you a good, heaping portion of pasta salad on the side for every sandwich! My tummy was jiggling with joy from being comfortably stuffed. Thanks again Luis! I'll be coming back for the "El Centro" next!
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/23/2013,225,121,5,8,6>50 beers on tap?! Oh hell yes!!!Absolutely fantastic addition to The Landing.  I'm so absolutely pleased.  They not only have many beers on tap, but they also have over 400 different bottled beers.  It's insane!!  Insanely AWESOME!They also set up a system with the surrounding restaurants to have them deliver food.  Very cool.  I had a pizza from the Rock delivered while I was there.  Yummy!So super pleased this placed opened up! I'll be there often.  :D
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,6/22/2013,240,145,5,9,8>Thirsty!?! How about a 44oz. cup of coffee!?!I thought their 32oz. was big enough - but no, they had to step it up with their insanely large 44oz. Mega Foot! Holy Moly, this baby is huge! The 32oz. barely fits in my cup holder so just imagine the car ride with a 44!!! I don't dare order the 32oz. or 44oz. but my friend does. He enjoys the fact that it can lasts him for days! I love all of their Sasquatch Specialties, especially the Nutty Yeti.  My fiancé is not as adventurous and sticks with his usual Iced Caramel Latte.  The staff here changes frequently but they are always pleasant and friendly.  Tip well deserved!
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/21/2013,52,106,8,13,8>Being from New York, diners are an important staple in every town. They get the job done quickly with delicious food 24 hours a day. I was bummed when I moved to CapHill and there was nothing even close to resembling a diner in sight. I am so excited that Lost Lake has finally arrived! Came here on opening day, which I understand is a risky move. No matter the restaurant, there are going to be problems that must be ironed out with time. The three of us came during happy hour and tucked away in a back booth that had very comfortable springy red benches. Comfortable enough to sit in every day. We were greeted immediately with water and we ordered a couple of happy hour drinks. Between $2-3.5 for drafts and wells. Lost Lake claimed they would have the best happy hour on Capitol Hill. They might be on to something here. We ordered pretty much everything considering it was so inexpensive. Not more than $3 for a plate, thats some good Happy Hour! The most important part of this happy hour is the $2.5 Cheeseburger and Fries. We ordered only one of these because we figured it was too good to be true. As Macklemore said, stealing deals at the thrift shops, "This is F***ing Awesome"...stealing deals at the diner is equally F***ING AWESOME! Our burger was a perfectly cooked patty with the normal 'deluxe' fix-ins, and these fries are amazing. We ordered two more! I can't wait to try the poutine next time I come. The fried cheese curd is also really good.While maybe everything wasn't perfect with the service, there were small mix ups, the reaction was great and everything was fixed immediately. If this $2.5 burger deal doesn't change, I'll be back no less than once a week. And I will be back frequently for the regular menu, which is pages long just like a real diner. BTW...they have one of those "pie coolers"..it's very authentic and adds a nice touch
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,6/20/2013,669,404,7,13,8>Want to feel like a baller? Want to scream "high roller, baby!" from the top of Snoqualmie Falls? Then stay at the Salish Lodge and Spa. My wife and I stay here once a year for our anniversary. This year though, we had an additional stay over Thanksgiving. The dining room at The Salish offers a table-side turkey and / or prime rib dinner service for the holiday and while it is on the higher side of any price spectrum you may use, it is unmatched in my opinion. You get the views of the falls (depending on how early you make reservations) and the staff bends over backwards to accommodate your every need. Any leftovers were carefully wrapped and stored until your departure date. Top notch.The rooms here are awesome no matter if you get a road-side or river view. Wood burning fireplaces are my favorite part of the experience and we keep it burning the entire stay, although we did notice you have to call and ask for the real wood, instead they are now trying to get you to use "wood logs". Let's just be clear right now that no one really prefers the fake log over the real thing, am I right?If you are a guest here you get access to their day spa for free which includes a number of hot tubs, steam room, sauna, and showers. I highly recommend taking advantage of this. They also have full-time staff that provide spa services at a cost.The game room, which is located just around the corner from the check-in desk offers table space and family games to enjoy on cold winter days in front of a huge wood burning fire. They typically have free tea and coffee here which includes their very own honey. Lastly, If you go to the gift shop I guarantee  that no matter who you are or what your pursausion, you will find something expensive that you want to buy. Lots of unique nick knacks here.p.s. If you stay here for an extended period of time you will probably want to check out some other dining options. The Woodman (steak and seafood $$$$) or Gianfranco Ristorante Italiano (Italian $$$) in Snoqualmie are two solid choices.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,6/19/2013,152,113,11,15,12>Aw, Bamboo Garden, you're the Chinese restaurant of my childhood.  Red velour booths, fake flowers in milk glass vases, non-matching wallpaper, happily yelling wait staff, a menu full of yumlicious deep fried, saucy goodness.  Oh, wait, except, there are no animal products to be seen! (Except, as noted, the fortune cookies.)It's amazing to me that they can be so old school and yet also vegan.  Love the combo.  I've ordered all over the huge menu from the incredibly realistic faux almond chicken to the hearty beef and broccoli to the spicy tofu.  All delicious.  The omnivores I've taken here all approve of the fake meat but they also do tofu really well -- it is super fresh.  The corn chowder appetizer is silky and comforting and just exactly what you want on many a chilly evening.  I'm also a big fan of the Chili and Pepper Tofu -- it's simple chopped red and green bell peppers and big honkin' chunks of freshly and lightly fried tofu.  They aren't stingy with the rice and have a short domestic and imported beer menu along with a full bar.  (Just don't be like the couple at the table across from me and order Strawberry Daiquiris.  Please.)If you like it spicy, order a 5.  I ordered a 4 last time and I'm pretty sure there was not one dust mote of chili.  I liberally applied the Sriracha-esque chili sauce jar on the table and then it was up to my standards of heat.  Being a petite fair-skinned white woman, sometimes people don't believe that yes indeed I do want and can handle the hot and spicy stuff, so do take my advice with that grain of rice -- er, salt.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,6/18/2013,340,758,7,10,9>I consider myself fairly lucky - I don't have many places that offer such yummy pastries within walking distance of my office.  Oh, but Belle Epicurean is a mere hop, skip, and jump away.  It's a good thing that it's uphill from me or I would go there more often.  Yes, we've already established that I'm lazy.  Like the Madison Park location, this location offers fantastic coffee (always a plus).  The baked goods are definitely of the same quality - croissants of all types, macarons, and other delectable treats are available in the case.  My only complaint is that the selection is smaller.  Also, be aware that they cater to the downtown crowd, which means if you head over right after lunch on the weekend, their selection may be even smaller than usual. The storefront is very appealing, with glass windows available for you to sit and people watch.  The inside is very clean and well kept.  It's not great for large groups but if you and a friend want to grab some coffee and a snack, it's perfect!
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,6/17/2013,438,688,7,9,8>There is nothing for me not to love about this place.- Games are priced the same as they were "back in the day".A pinball game which was 25 cents continues to be 25 cents. They have not inflated the prices. - Inexpensive cans of beer and cider. - Hot, single people in a variety of different shapes, sizes, styles, orientations, etc. There just aren't that many places left where you can spend $5 for a drink AND a few hours of entertainment.It's relatively small, but there are a few small tables for people who want to support the gamer in their life but aren't interested in playing games.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,6/16/2013,269,407,4,17,6>once i was told i could eat a korean dinner in my robe, i knew i had to try this place!trust the reviews- this is female spa heaven! i decided spontaneously to go to this place, pay the $35 entry fee and see what would happen. all i can say is that i am now IN LOVE with this place!!!my first impressions:- you can come planned or spontaneously. it's popular to get spa services here (the korean scrub, massages, manicures) and if you want to do that, you should book in advance. but for the last minute person like myself, this place is awesome to just show up for the entry fee only. - you leave your shoes in a cubby  locker by the entrance and walk around barefoot when you are in the spa- they give you a robe, a hairnet, and two towels (one large and one small) to use- they have a tea room in which you can pay $5 to have unlimited tea.- they have a restaurant inside where most people where their robes or their regular clothes. just bring your credit card with you to pay. the food is very reasonable with meals around $10. - the facility is VERY NICE!!! i couldn't believe how big it was. four pools, two steam rooms. plus i loved the many relaxation rooms that are designed for you to lay down in your robe. the place is very well designed where you can mix socializing and solitary time.what i wish i knew- i wish i brought a book or journal- you could stay for hours. i really didn't think i'd want to stay there that long, but you could spend the whole day there. - bring a water bottle- bring a scrub. they offer soap, shampoo/conditioner but no washing materials. i also saw other woman bring razors and other cleaning suppliesBring a friend or go alone. TREAT Yo SELF!
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,6/15/2013,475,222,9,10,9>One of my favorite places in the Towne Centre (err, is it Towne Centre? Or Town Center? I can never remember if Mill Creek is or isn't pseudo Euro vibin').Anyway, I digress! I've always been a fan of the lunch and dinner at Kafe Neo (been going to the other one in Lynnwood for a good while). But I gotta mention the brunch here. I've hit their Sunday brunch a few times already and absolutely love it.I usually get the Kafe Neo scramble with Gyro meat. Being a fan of Breakfast Food (the most perfect food in the world mind you) I love it when my eggs and taters come with stuff other than sausage and bacon. I dig the Greek take on breakfast fare and I think you will too. Most definitely check out their brunch. Totes winning.5 just-go-here-and-enjoy-the-grub stars out of 5
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,5/14/2013,175,546,4,8,5>Loved this place! Saw it featured on Shark Tank and had to check it out for myself. Was not disappointed!Took my 7 yo nephew and he was fascinated by the ice cream making process and closely watched as his ice cream went from a bowl of cream and mix ins to ice cream with the nitrogen and hand mixing process.I tried two kinds - the mint choco chip in a choco waffle bowl and a Heath bar, graham cracker, caramel in a waffle bowl. Both were creamy and flavorful. Perfect ice cream texture. Waffle cone was good too. So many customizable selections, starting with the base (cream, rice milk, etc.) and even able to select the chill factor.Prices are a bit pricey but you are also paying for the experience.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/13/2013,91,486,10,8,10>*Gasp!**Splutter!**Clutch Heart!**Swoon!*The quickest way to get me all twitterpated is through anything German-themed, and this beer hall is about as close to the real Hofbrauhaus as you'll get in Seattle. Complete with...1. Crowdy crowded crowds2. Mas biers (1 Liter, of course)3. Mind-boggling square footageBut with not nearly enough...1. Men in lederhosen and waitresses in dirndls (although the printed t-shirts are a nice touch)2. Oompa bands3. Initials carved on tables (though I'm sure that will come)And maybe a few too many...1. bouncers2. people in line3. English speakersNow, I only came here for one drink, so I can't comment much on the whole experience. Some people we were meeting said the food service was slow. But the menu looked "authentic" (read: stereotypical yet delicious) and the bartenders were quick to get you a drink when you bellied up. So I'm sure that once they get the kinks out, and maybe once the novelty wears off, this will be a delightful place to spend an hour. Or nine.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/12/2013,172,264,4,11,11>There is so much more here than chocolate! Sadly I don't frequent this end of Broadway very much, but Dilettante is more than enough reason to change that. They have a fabulous happy hour, from bites (sweet and savory) and several varieties of martini to choose from. There is bar seating at high round tables and booths for bigger parties / people having actual dinner, which surprise surprise, Dilettante is equipped to do! Make sure to check out the menu online, because only a certain number of rotating martinis go on happy hour each month. They also have a flavor of the month, which was banana chocolate. Delicious! I loved every martini I tried. My favorite was probably the sea salt caramel. Martinis 6.50 each during HH, wells a mere 3.5 and a bit better than you find in a lesser bar (think Beam and Bacardi) and all food whether sweet or savory is 5.50.I should also mention that the service was astounding. We started in a booth, then realized we had to be in the bar for HH. Our server kindly switched us to the bar, where we were served by the bartender, then let our bigger group move back to a booth post happy hour without even raising an eyebrow. They bring out a chocolate for each guest when you pay your check. Little touches like that make me happy.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/11/2013,200,357,7,10,9>Woodinville Bicycle & Skate sure lives up to its reputation!I popped in here on a Wednesday morning before heading to the office. I intended to give my friend's Specialized bike, which I borrowed for the summer, a quick tuneup. The service was fast yet thorough. The staff is incredibly nice and knowledgeable. The store has an extensive inventory of new bikes and is also equipped to do fittings if needed. Other cycling gear is available as well. It's a one stop shop, plus the trail is hop and a skip away.I asked them about used bikes since I'm just getting into this as a supplement to my Crossfit, the gentleman advised me they do not sell used bikes but recommended a great shop in Seattle.I will give these guys repeat business without hesitation and so should you.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,5/10/2013,112,225,7,12,9>Wow, Impressed! At first impression I really loved the decor of the Oak, fun arty vibe and the upstairs has dark nooks, a cool fake fire light and thoughtful seating arrangements for all! The Oak serves craft cocktails, wine and a good selection of tap micro-brews with their dinner menu.My favorite meal to order here so far is the Painted Hills Minimum Wage Burger, which is a delicious medium burger topped with your choice of lettuce, such as arugula and then your choice of toppings, (for extra fees) served with amazing frites! Man, don't miss these Frites! My hubby had the Painted Hills Sloppy Joe which also has been a favorite staple.What is great about this neighborhood joint is they did their homework! Not only do they welcome and serve whole families the full menu and drinks in their all age dining area... A few steps to the back they also welcome adult only (sometimes you don't want your chair kicked by babies) tables at the bar seating as well! Yay! everyone is happy here!So far, great food and great service, looking forward to try more of the menu items.Tip: Many restaurants in this area are closed on Sunday.. but not the Oak.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,5/9/2013,296,361,10,9,10>Luna Park continues to do what it does perfectly.  Notes on HH:Onion rings are excellent.  Must be house made.  They lasted less than 5 minutes at our table.  Fries are the super deadly batter coated model. My 5 year old was going after me with a butter knife to keep me from snagging his.  Quesadilla plate is plenty for dinner.  Hard to find a decent quesadilla that's not a rip.Wine sucks. This is not a wine place.  Still no IPA on tap.  I think this has been going on for over 15 years.  Odd.In short, a very high quality HH menu.Other notes:Surprisingly good Cobb Salad.  Nice addition to theirs - Swiss Cheese (we in Ballard baby?).  But why are Cobb Salads always served on plates that are too small?  Makes it impossible to properly mix the greens & bacon.  Universal problem here, not just a LP deal.Grilled jalapenos are done perfectly.  Sure, $1.50 is a rip for $0.20 of cooked peppers.  But overhead and profit are facts of life.  Don't like the latter fact?  Move to Cuba.  Staff at LP are always great.  At least to us.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,5/8/2013,112,326,24,27,23>What happens when you marry a bunch of things I love into one wonderful restaurant? You get a happy Jayseph and don't we all want that?So I love ice cream, arcades, fries and burgers. When most adolescent boys had posters of Kathy Ireland and Pamela Anderson on their walls (did I just date myself?) I had pages of magazines taped to my walls showing Mario, TMNT, Metroid and various ice creams. Gimme a poster of Princess Peach serving a bowl of cookie dough ice cream and I would be in heaven. So combining one of my favorite dinners with one of my favorite desserts with one of my favorite pass times makes the perfect harmony of awesome.I started out by scoping out their menu which seems limited at first till you realize all the customization you can do. They offer four basic types of burgers but from there you can tailor them with different cheeses and various burger patties. Would you like beef, turkey or a veggie  burger? French fries? Yes, please! You can pick from regular fries, sweet potato fries or seasoned fries (there are a few options here as well). I went with Cajun seasoned fries. I ordered my burger and turned my attention to setting highscores. Moon Patrol is miiiiine!!! Muahahaha. My meal was ready less than 10 minutes later and I grabbed my Americana ginger ale out of the fridge and sat down to munch. The French fries were just crisp enough and seasoned with a spicy and delicious seasoning. I destroyed them quickly. My burger was fantastic. And one of the main reasons for me was due to the bun. I hate eating a burger with all the best fixings only for the joint to skimp on the bun... it ruins the whole thing. The bun was fresh and had a good taste to it. It was the right amount of bun to hold everything together without making me feel like I was having a little meat with my bread. Bacon? Check! And it was crispy without being so well cooked that it splinters into little bacon knives of pain with every bite. Also, in turn, my pepper jack cheese was quite tasty and filled out the burger nicely. I REALLY REALLY enjoyed my burger.I went back to playing games and threw down on TMNT and World Cup Soccer Pinball. Look at me go! I put the hurting on digital versions of Baxter, Rocksteady and Beebop using my homie Donatello. I had a good time on pinball but as we all know... I'm not so amazing at pinball.I ended my night with a bowl of my favorite Full Tilt ice cream to date... coffee Oreo. I sat outside on the patio and enjoyed a nice Pacific Northwest spring evening. The ice cream and this dining experience really hit the spot.As is the case with a lot of spots now they have various trash cans for recycling, compost and trash. Also, the bathrooms were clean and easily located. While I was here I saw families with little kids, groups of twenty somethings and a few solo peeps such as myself all enjoying their food and the games so you can see the mass appeal of Highscore. One thing that is pretty slick is some of the tables have table top games setup so you can play a game while waiting for your food or while your companions finish up. The fun never stops... unless you run out of quarters. My only complaints are that Highscore isn't closer to home (in Seattle) and they need a 'make your own stickers' gun to put names and scores on the machines so we can all properly battle it out for the highscores. I'm a huge fan!
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,5/7/2013,167,645,5,9,8>Marination Ma Kai is a brick and mortar version of their food truck, Marination Mobile, with a spectacular view, expanded food menu, and booze.  Located in the same location as the Water Taxi, the shack is casual and surprisingly nice.  You place your order at one window, and pick up at another, and there is a small bar area with 5 stools.  As for the food, it's the classic from the food truck plus more.  As I have already had the food truck on numerous occasions, I opted for some new items, so I opted for the katsu sandwich and order of fries.  The sandwich was very tasty, and I loved the oversized katsu hanging out of the bun, which reminded me of the butterfly pork chop sandwich I grew up with in Central Illinois, except much better.  The fries were solid - handcut versions, which reminded me of five guys, except less saltier, less greasy, and better all around.  Overall, I was very happy with the experience, and I'll end with 3 observations:1. They had an excellent katsu, a great line up of sides, and rice.  Why not do a plate lunch?2. The fries were delicious, but with such a huge order, the majority of mine ended up in the compost bin.  A smaller side option might be nice for solo diners.3.  I really enjoyed the slaw with the katsu, but there were a lot of raw red onions.  I was fine with it and actually enjoyed it, but many of many friends might find it overpowering?It's interesting to see how Marination's business has evolved over the years, and I look forward to coming back during the summer time during a warmer and sunnier day.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,5/6/2013,50,149,12,14,13>Best Thai food on the Eastside. As others have mentioned, Thai VP is located in a fairly lowkey stripmall behind the much bigger Crossroads Mall. The interior is small and well laid out without being cluttered, and the design is cozy. The owners are both extremely nice, welcoming, and polite, and their level of service is excellent.I have never been to Thailand so I can't speak to the authenticity of Thai food with any authority, but I can say that when it comes to phad thai, that most generic and well known Thai dish, I know what I like. I do not like gloopy, cloying, tomato-based, overly garlicky, and worst of all, overly fish sauced to the point where I feel like I'm eating limburger cheese left in a sweat sock on the dashboard of a sewer vacuum truck in the middle of a heat wave in Texas.Thai VP has "phad thai tamarind" on their menu, which, as one might expect, is made using tamarind instead of more Americanized ingredients. And to my taste, it's the best phad thai I've had anywhere. I've tried a few other dishes - curries, noodles, etc. and they are all of equal excellent flavor and texture.The prices at Thai VP are extremely reasonable and the lunch combos are a particularly good deal. And, you get complementary coconut ice cream at the conclusion of every meal. Who doesn't like ice cream? And who doesn't like FREE ice cream? People with something seriously wrong with them, that's who.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/5/2013,176,500,16,20,15>Santorini is worth it. It's worth driving to Kirkland. It's worth paying that 520 toll roundtrip. It's worth going to the ATM. It's even worth going when they're closed for their random trips.Santorini is damn good, and I probably think about it daily. Do not skip the Greek fries - the crispy, crinkle fries smothered in mizithra with tzatziki to dip it in. Also do not skip the chicken, whether in skewer form or gyro form, do not skip it. Squeeze some lemon on that chicken and you will understand.KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER: Cash only + Chicken + Greek Fries.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,8/13/2011,95,254,8,12,10>Wow I am totally blown away by the Dahlia Lounge. I'll start at the beginning and end at the end.Drinks! I had a red pepper cocktail that was light, fresh, and had very strong, hot, yet pleasant red pepper flavor. I also tried a lavendar/blueberry cocktail that was entirely to sweet and in your face.amuse-bouche! A complimentary spoonful of cold cucumber gazpacho which was savory, cool, and fresh.appeitizer! scallop sashimi. I have weak spot for raw scallops so of course I went wild when I saw this on the menu. The heap of scallop was generous and fresh (fresh is apparently the word of the day). I thought that the seaweed and roe that accompanied the scallop was a little uninspired and really added nothing to the dish as a whole. I just ate that separately so that I could enjoy the raw scallop by itself.The black truffle ricotta raviolini was just about the best thing ever. There was a rich buttery parmesan sauce and a big chunk of black truffle on the top, as well as truffle essence throughout. It was all amazing and for just $13 the portion and amount of truffle was a steal.main course! Crab cakes were good, but how could can crab cakes really get? It really doesn't differ all that much from place to place. But they were good nonetheless with a generous amount of dungeness crab and good seasoning. I wasn't a big fan of the flageolet beans that accompanied it, but the grilled asparagus was great!The griddled corn cakes with crushed tomatillo, mint salad, and some sort of sour cream sauce was excellent especially when you eat a bite with it all together, My only criticism would be that the corn cakes were a little too cakey and I could have used more corn.Dessert! Chocolate pot de creme was so decadent and rich and creamy and chocolatey, with a giant heap of whipped cream, and crunchy, melt in your mouth, hazelnut cookies.  I savored each and every bite like it was my last, both because it was orgasmically delicious, and because I was so full I wasn't sure which bite would be my last.The flan was good but a little more thick and creamy for my taste. I personally prefer it to be more gelatiny. As it turns out I have quite a few criticisms but I am just being extra picky. Just to clarify, I LOVED my experience here and want to come back again and again. The atmosphere is beautiful and relaxing, I just want to curl up and forget about the world.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,8/12/2011,124,582,15,18,16>A burger joint...even for people who don't like burgers. No surprise, considering that Scott Staples (of Quinn's and Restaurant Zoe) is the creative talent behind the operation: his track record of doing lovely things with meat while offering delightful vegetarian options continues at Uneeda, and sets this spot apart from many other burger joints in Seattle. Don't eat beef? There's a lamb burger (manchego, fried lemon thins and arugula, among other toppings) or a chicken sandwich (including hot sauce, blue cheese and pickled onions). Don't eat meat? There's a crispy emmer-and-portobello veggie burger or a grilled cheese. The soup of the day might be right for you, and (although I didn't ask) I assume both salads on the menu could easily be shifted to vegetarian. And of course there are fries (skinny or waffle!) and onion rings.But if you do want the burger experience, you'll find plenty on offer from tame to a little crazy. Get a 1/4 pound patty of Painted Hills beef starting at $4 (or extra for Whidbey Island Wagyu, grass-fed) and keep adding on bacon, cheese, and a fried egg for extra. Or peruse the list of special creations: whether your preference runs south (BBQ Smash), east (Philly Smash), spicy (Sonora), or French (the Monsieur or Madame), you'll find something to love. And that's only half of the menu....Today I sampled the elk burger, a 1/3 pound patty of rich, perfectly racy and wild goodness. Sprinkled with fried sage, dolloped generously with lemon aioli, it was an enticing delight: perfectly sized to fill up but not stuff, and although cooked to medium, managed to retain as much pink as possible in the middle. (I'm a as-rare-as-they-do-it girl when I eat red meat, so next time I'll ask in case they can cook to order. But if not, it's good to know there's no charring here!) I'd call it sophisticated and civilized: my fingers weren't dripping with sauces and jus, and it wasn't so piled with toppings that half slid out onto the plate. You could eat one of these on a date and not embarrass yourself with a pile of dirty napkins at the end. (But if that happens, everything's compostable here, so it won't really matter.)Finally, there are hand-dipped shakes, beer, wine and...poutine. Talk about Uneeda! This will be my new go-to spot for burgers (and so much more): between the welcoming, airy barn-like space, the big patio out front, the varied and enticing menu, Uneeda is a you-wanna.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,8/9/2011,110,77,14,12,16>December, 2007.The front of the diner portion of Easy Street is a garage door with the wood panels cut out and replaced by panes of glass, so that you can stare out onto California Avenue while you eat.  Doing just that at this very minute is a young man wearing a beige cardigan sweater who looks just like Beck and who knows it.  So sure is he that this resemblance, purely incidental, confers on him an almost magical hipness, that he wears a beige cardigan sweater.  What can he mean by this, but to say: "I have such a surfeit of cool that I can wear this beige cardigan sweater"?  Unless, of course, he's just a thoroughly unassuming kid who's just happens to look like Beck and to be in a record store during a cold snap.Nick and I sit down and the waitress, a really butch, good-looking lesbian with the requisite ink and piercings, comes up and offers a solid hour of the best service ever.  This includes impeccable manners and timing.  It also includes allowing us to eavesdrop on her conversation with the people the next table over, in which she explains her taste in women in some detail.  Eleven, Nick is mesmerized.We've just finished buying music.  Nick picked up a Led Zepplin double CD.  On the opposite end of the universe of cool, I am about to become the last man in America who, until now, has never knowingly listened to a Radiohead CD.  I picked up OK Computer based on the Amazon reviews.  I feel like Andy Griffith even typing this.The right half of the store is the CD shop.  The new stuff is downstairs, and it's a great selection, non-gougingly priced.  First, though, go upstairs, where they keep the used CDs and DVDs.  You may get lucky.I'm rambling.  OK.  What I like about Easy Street is what I like about West Seattle generally.  It's inexpensive, it's generally well run, it wears its civility on its sleeve, it's unaffectedly tasteful, and it includes a good mix of people.  In fact, sitting right this minute ten feet to the right of Beck is a table full of blue-haired old ladies who really just dropped in for the cheap chow.  Which, along with the music and the general atmosphere of bonhomie, is as good a reason as any.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,8/8/2011,140,456,11,16,14>La Bête is a gorgeous new restaurant/bar on the hill.  The woodwork, counter, tables and contemporary art adorning the walls are beautiful.  The bar is fantastic.  The food is a bit spendy, but excellently prepared and delicious.  The ambiance?  The music ranged from Broken Bells, to Neko Case, to Pixies and Ween.  Spot on.To drink I had a delicious basil collins.  I highly recommend this refreshing take on the classic tom collins (no collins mix here--it's all made from scratch with fresh ingredients).  For my second drink I had a delicious Champs-Élysées, a classic cocktail expertly crafted with brandy, chartreuse, lemon, sugar and house-made bitters.  I also had the bartender make my old standby, the manhattan, but with Sazerac rye, house bitters and an orange twist.  It was fantastic.For dinner I had the crispy squash blossoms (delicious, though a tad greasy) and the spicy pork sausage--which was quite tasty, but not too spicy.  I think the kitchen is still working out a few kinks.I can tell I'll be visiting often.  I'd like to see a few more small plates on the menu, as I'm sure I'll be back with friends and we'll want to share some things.  Overall I love the vibe here and the excellent bar.  I'll be back soon.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,8/7/2011,226,740,8,16,11>I'd always heard that the Romio's in Greenwood was better/different than the other locations.  Well apparently they are so different that they changed their name!I ordered three large pizzas from Razzi's for a work meeting last week.  I was instructed by my sneaky vegan coworker to order two of them with soy (not Daiya) cheese.  The guy that took my order was nice and also patient and explanatory when I called back to clarify the soy cheese situation.  The driver showed up on time and was also polite and professional (delivery is free).  I requested paper plates and they were thoughtful enough to also include napkins and plastic silverware.  We had:-- Razzi's Special ($22.45): Pepperoni, Canadian bacon, mushrooms, black olives, minus the sausage.  I thought this pizza was really good even though I picked off some toppings.  The crust is way better and definitely different than what I had from the Belltown location (see link below).-- W.O.W. ($23.95): Garlic, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes and pesto, sub soy for mozzarella cheese.  All I have to say is Y.U.M.  This pizza was delish!!  I couldn't really taste the soy cheese cause there was barely any of it.  Maybe it behaves differently than mozz when it's heated?-- Garden Special ($23.95): Eggplant, mushrooms, broccoli, zucchini, and garlic, sub soy for mozz.  I didn't try this one but there wasn't a piece left, even with the soy cheese!  Must've been a hit.Razzi's really impressed me on all levels.  I will be sure to order from here again for work and I also just may try dining in one day (my gluten intolerant friend loves this place for a romantic dinner).  I'm glad Razzi's has distanced themselves from Romio's, it has them beat by leaps and bounds:yelp.com/biz/romios-pizz…yelp.com/biz/eastlake-ro…
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,8/6/2011,88,211,14,9,9>The last time I visited one of Seattle's neighboring cities I had one of the best and most unique experiences of my Yelping life at a tea shop run by some crazy awesome dude that talks too fast. So when I went up to check out Bothell and saw "Three Cups of Tea" show up on the iPhone app, I got excited.Walking inside it was pretty clear this was gong to be a different place. The other tea shop had brown bags of tea everywhere, everything was made of wood, there were indie band posters all over the place some of the tables were sticky. This place was clean. It had expensive looking desserts encased in glass by the counter. The owners even wore aprons. The most striking difference though was the color. This place had rainbow pastel colors everywhere. The walls were pastel pinks and greens. The tea cups were pastel blues and yellows. There were flowers everywhere. The ladies that worked there had aprons...We looked at the tea list. It had mostly white person teas. Not the "I like to drink Chinese teas because I'm really into herbs and mention how into herbs I am with every Asian person I meet because I assume they are Chinese" white people, but the "Tea is so interesting. It has caffeine like coffee!" white people. The "Oh cool, Thai food!" white people, not the "I mention the ethnicity of every person of color I met when I talk about my day so I can show how not racist I am" white people. That's okay though. I like tea. They still had white tea, Rooibos... They have the teas I like. It's not like everything was Earl Gray.  The other tea place I went to had something like 500 teas from all over the world, so it was still a bit of a disappointment but I was probably only going to get red tea anyway, so no harm done. My friend and I sat down and ordered the tea. We also got tiny little cake samples. They were pink.It took a bit of time for the tea to come, and all the while we were sitting around at these small, restaurant like tables. I noticed a little ceramic sugar holder next to me and opened it. Inside was pink, blue, and green pastel colored sugar. Behind the sugar was a 1, 3, and 5 minute hourglass, all of them different pastel colors. We got our tea. It came in tiny flower cups with small fingers holes. You had to drink it dainty-like or you wouldn't be able to drink it at all. It was at this moment that I realized what this place really was. This place is a child's imaginary tea party, all grown up.There were stuffed animals hidden around the building. There was a small tea room where you could pour some tea for Mr. Fluffykins or your significant other or whatever imaginary person you want to invite. Hyper-girly is not really my thing, and I'm pretty sure that I won't go back. But I can't fault this place for being exactly what it is. It's a place for little girls to go as adults and feel like they are both. I wasn't a kid with much of an imagination - or a girl, for that matter - but I can appreciate the fact this place exists, and how others can easily like it.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,8/5/2011,129,291,11,17,13>I have literally been counting down the days until the opening of Bar del Corso! I was checking the Beacon Hill Blog every day until they finally posted an opening date for this week!Why is this such a big deal? Well, because Beacon is seriously lacking in restaurants and at this point, Corso is in its own class because there's nothing even close to similar in this neighborhood. I am so stoked that there is a neapolitan pizza place in my 'hood now! The prices are really great. $9 for the margherita and $12 for the fancier pizzas. Much cheaper than my beloved Via Tribunali. The space/decor is really nice. It's a big, open space with a full view of their gorgeous pizza oven, which I hear was actually shipped from Italy. Our server was great, letting us know what she suggested and pointed us to the vegetarian options. The tomato salad was excellent, the risotto balls (!!!!) were an awesome new experience and the fresh, spreadable mozzarella on crusty bread was melt in your mouth good. Now, here's where I was a little disappointed: I liked the appetizers better than I liked the actual pizza. That said, the pizza was still good, just not quite as good as I was expecting. I look forward to seeing how their menu changes seasonally and making this a regular spot to visit in my neighborhood.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,8/3/2011,55,346,12,20,20>Given the spotty reviews, I was admittedly a little apprehensive about choosing Poquitos as the venue for my boyfriend's birthday dinner, but I am so glad I did!On a Tuesday night, our party of 6 had no wait/trouble getting a reservation and were given excellent service for the entire time we were there (about 2.5 hours?) Our waiter was attentive and friendly without smothering us, and the food was excellent. When I asked him for wine recommendations, he was honest in admitting he had little knowledge about the house offerings, and instead had a bartender come table side with a few complementary tastings so I could make an informed selection (awesome!). Without further delay, here's the breakdown on what we ordered:- chips and salsa: the chips are excellent here, not overly salted or greasy, and just the right amount of crisp. the salsa is flavourful, but lacks heat (could use a little more "oomph")- guacamole: undeniably FRESH. chunky, with a made-to-order taste. I would say it lacked salt/garlic/something, but the quality of the ingredients certainly helped.- I went with the evening's special, rainbow chard tacos. A bit risky, but in the end totally worth it! You wouldn't expect something like chard to taste good in a taco, but somehow all the ingredients worked. I appreciated the waiter bringing me some extra anchote salsa to turn up the heat on my dish since I am a heat-seeking machine! the rice and beans were also excellent, simply done without fussy extra ingredients. The entire plate had a clean finish on the palate. - The boyfriend ordered carnitas, which were by and large the "fanciest" presentation of carnitas I'd ever seen. Given the speed with which he inhaled his entree, I'm assuming it was all good.- A friend ordered the goat which he raved about as well, and two others ordered the enchiladas which looked lovely and not overly-smothered in sauce (a pet peeve of mine when it comes to dining at mexican restaurants).- fried grasshoppers!!! For just $1, you gotta do it, at least once. FYI they taste mostly salty/limey, and go great with beer.- Aside from a smattering of beers and wine, we also ordered the "El Dude" cocktail, which, unless you've been living under a rock your entire life, should sound familiar (ahem, Jeff Bridges fans unite!). Somehow, the tequila and horchata work marvelously together, so if you're a fan of classic white russians I'd say you'd definitely want to give this a try.Some people have complained about portion size, but to everyone at our table the portions seemed just right. I honestly couldn't even eat all 3 of my tacos and finish my sides, but I also don't usually eat huge quantities of food. If you're the type to go for third and fourth plates at buffets, or be able to finish an entire plate at say, Claimjumper, then yes, the portions will feel small to you. Given the choice though, I'd rather have a smaller portion of something that tastes great versus a huge plate of bland/gross food.What I appreciate the most about this restaurant is the creativity of vegetarian dishes (something other than bean and cheese burritos? amazing!) and the marvelous decor. The impecable service doesn't hurt either. Our waiter even offered to split our tab FIVE ways and divide up my boyfriend's entree and drinks among the five of us so he wouldn't have to pay a tab, and we didn't even have to ask him to do so (he offered once he knew it was a birthday gathering). In terms of ambience, I would say it's a bit more social/buzzy than Barrio, and less intimate/romantic. A great place for a small party/gathering, and you'd better believe I'll be back many many times!
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2010,8/2/2011,318,575,12,9,11>I don't like seafood. Any of it. I understand that people think I am a weirdo because I live in Seattle and I don't eat seafood but I am ok with that. So imagine my girlfriend's surprise when I recommended this place."But you don't like seafood, Tony.""Oh don't be silly. I am sure they will have chicken strips or something."They didn't have chicken strips but they had a fantastic chicken Caesar salad. The chicken had to have been some of the most moist chicken I have ever had and the homemade Caesar dressing was tangy and not too overbearing. A great combination. One thing that I thought was a little weird was that they gave me two tomato slices. I don't really care because I love tomatoes but just never had it in a Caeser salad before. They also didn't provide me with any lemon slices to put on my salad which I usually like to do with Caesar. I didn't notice this until after I finished the salad, which I guess means isn't a big deal. I thought it was a bit pricey for what it was. This would have been the perfect salad for about $7 or $8 but I thought it was a bit pricey at $11, especially for lunch. I will be here again because it is a tasty salad and a great place to go on Greenlake.Zipzap Zubity Bop!*Update* I just got this message from my girlfriend: "Hey stupid, you forgot to mention the amazing sourdough bread. Geez, you are such a moron!" Yes, the sourdough bread here was freaking amazing. I would like to take that, cut a hole in the top, and put some soup in it and made a dinner out of it.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,8/1/2011,390,547,12,18,11>Holy Mary Wilson Mother of Motown! That's an amazing sandwich.I've been meaning to go to Paseo basically forever, and finally got a chance to check it out and catch up with some old friends. We waited like 10 minutes in line and another 10 minutes for our sandwiches. Thank the sweet baby jeebus that it was nice outside b/c there's basically no seats (ok, 10, but that's like none) inside of Paseo. Luckily there are a couple of places nearby to rest your feet while you devour the sandwich.But it was totally worth the wait. I had the Cuban Roast, which was as tender and succulent as any pork I've ever had. The aioli is what you'd expect, but the crispness of the lettuce and the smokiness of the caramelized onions married with the pork perfectly, topped off by the spicy jalapenos that add the extra kick. The baguette is crunchy, but not too large (thank g*d it's not ciabatta or foccacia).One of my friends also got the Cuban Roast and the other the grilled pork - both agreed this was among the best sandwiches they've had.There's a bunch of non-pork items on the menu and I'll sample them next time. Absolutely worth all the raves other people have offered.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,7/12/2014,416,153,15,18,14>I've got precious few regrets about giving up gluten and most dairy--it's absolutely changed my daily health baseline. But. If you ARE gonna fall off the gluten-free wagon, SACK UP OR PACK UP with your wheat-cheat and do it right. Eat an eclair, a croissant and a baguette. Go Full Bread Bowl. Enjoy a cupcake or three followed by house-made ravioli with squid ink. Or, best of all, head over to the sweet and discreet Dumpling House and genuinely romance your craving with about 800 pounds of these succulent and explosively flavorful Wee Pockets of Doom. Nothing could be more delicious than these moist and incredibly tasty little sachets of OhMyGod.Something about the size of these dumplings makes them divine; they stay juicy and perfect. The flavor balance is just heaven. The menu's just limited enough that you can try samplings of nearly everything. And we did, over and over: chicken, pork, and cheese/potato, in butter sauce, herb sauce, and "KGB style." We got caramelized bacon (very sweet) on the cheesy potato ones. Oddly enough, the bacon was the one we were least fond of, mainly because it was so sweet that it cut out some of the flavor of what was underneath it. But even so, let's just say no bacon chunks were left behind.We also tried the borscht (hearty, again, perfectly spiced, and delicious!). We were gigantically impressed with this tiny place, and in another few months when I feel like I'm ready for another punishing wheat binge, we will be back to rapaciously Pac-Man this place apart.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,7/11/2014,120,657,9,16,14>Two words!!! DOLE WHIP!!! If you don't know what I'm talking about, get your butt over here and try this fabulous pineapple whipped froyo!! I would come here solely for this flavor! I fly to Oahu, drive to the north shore, and stop at the Dole Cannery Plantation to get this stuff!   They have loads of toppings available from candy, chocolate, cereals, boba bubbles, and fruit!  I can't even remember how many they had, next time I'll have to take a picture.Also the staff is friendly and it is a locally owned shop, go in for a taste and you might be pleasantly surprised!
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/10/2014,77,333,8,15,8>OK so I am officially not a float virgin anymore! It took me awhile to finally decide on trying it out, I had a lot of unknowns that bothered me, especially when it deals with laying nekkid in a dark confined water tank for an hour left with only my thoughts to entertain me. When I booked my appointment, I received a handy email telling me where to park and this was great since finding parking on my own seemed like a chore in this area. While I was waiting, the owner Sean was there and he was really laid back and friendly and we chatted for a bit before I went into the infamous isolation tank dun dun dunnnnn...I was explained in really good detail of what to do and what to expect and so I followed their instructions and everything worked out just fine. When in the tank, the first few minutes was for sure interesting, taking in the whole thing took me a little bit to process but then things just sort of passed on its own and I went into a really calm and relaxing state. It was seriously like I was sleeping but I knew I wasnt..if that makes ANY sense hahaha. I have to agree with a previous reviewer that I thought I heard music as well so I got out a little early but turned out to be the tank in the other room because my tank finally started playing music a few minutes later. I was worried I wouldn't hear the music when it was my time, but now I know they play it loud enough to wake you up if you fall asleep in there. I will for sure be back and I'm even more excited to try it now that I know what to expect. The people there are great and they are so laid back and easy to talk to, it was very welcoming.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,7/9/2014,86,498,5,8,7>Came here for happy hour after work and had so much fun and good food we ended up closing the place down. Happy hour fish and chips, while on the small side, it's proportional to the price. The soda bread and corned beef was delicious and the onion rings spot on.  I saw some quesadillas and sandwiches making the rounds of my coworkers and all were happily gobbled up, so I assume all the pub fare was meeting expectations mine was. Drinks were strong and the staff were super friendly. Definitely plan on returning!
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,7/8/2014,12,81,6,10,8>First off I was a huge fan of Hey Piason in Burien before it went out of business. I truly thought I'd never get a real philly cheesesteak again. Then along came Calozzi's and now I have a new favorite place. These sandwiches are perfect. There are 40 other reviews telling you the exact same thing so I must be right. The location itself is small but perfect for what they are doing. You aren't coming here for a 3 course meal you are coming for the sandwich and maybe a soda. Parking is easy, lots of street parking. The shady motel its hooked to looks closed down so don't worry about getting solicited by some lady looking to charge you by the hour. As stated before they do run out of some ingredients and I wouldn't even bother calling ahead for pick up orders. The food is prepared fast and it will take you longer to get their then it will take for them to make it. You don't want soggy sandwiches! If you are looking for a good Philly this is the place to be. Also be warned they aren't open past 4 and are closed weekends .This is a lunch only establishment!
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,7/7/2014,124,208,6,12,8>I am not a big "baked goods" fan at all. I'm not into cakes and fancy cookies and all that, but Bakery Nouveau  is the exception. I was there one day reading about the owner and it appears he is an American baker who bakes in the French traditions and has competed and won baking contests. While awards are nice, the proof is in his product. Any time of year, you'll see a brisk business at Bakery Nouveau. The store itself is usually big enough to accommodate the line, which I've never seen at less than 4-5 people long. There are always a lot of people behind the counter willing to help you out and provide you with 500-1200 extra calories at a time. You'll feel like royalty as you point out one of these and one of those, to add to your purchase. Not only are the pastries delicious, each one is finished to a luster and looks good enough to be in some fancy cooking magazine. They'll box up your prizes in expensive looking boxes that remind you of years past. The store itself is kind of long and has tables off to the side to accommodate the people that can't wait any longer and must eat their goods right away! New tables usually open up pretty quickly and you can find a space. Be well my friend Nouveau, be well.
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,7/6/2014,98,643,4,9,6>I had to hit the Laundromat late one night and preferably didn't want to kill my time amongst other depressed people waiting for the wash. I didn't come here for some MJ but saw they offered fresh organic juices and smoothies in addition to other relaxing additives (upstairs only of course). Bright, open and superior friendly staff I came in with some other expectations only to be blown away by the difference. I had a custom organic smoothie that was fantastic! It really felt like a place that you could kick back and not feel, well weird.
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,7/5/2014,269,407,1,9,6>In a city over saturated with coffee shops, the Int'l District is barren. The I.D. needed a coffee shop, an idea my friends and I would fantasize about. A place to go rather than a bar or bubble tea shop. So when I was invited to attend an event here, I was confused. What is Eastern Cafe, I wondered. There's no way a coffee shop with gelato  and crepes would open in the Int'l District. But it's true and I'm so glad. I got myself a yummy cup of tea and gelato and was one happy lady. The motif and styling of the place is rustic industrial, sure enough to please any Capitol Hill hipster or college student. The other amazing thing about this place is that they have an awesome space on the second floor that you can reserve to host an event. That's what originally brought me to Eastern Cafe. I would definitely recommend hosting a meeting or event on the second floor. And lastly, they have WIFI!!! People who hang out in the I.D. would also know that this is also rare to come by. So really, if you are in the area, need a place to sit, relax, grab some good coffee and tea, come on in!
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,7/4/2014,44,105,4,8,3>This place is an absolute gem and I am so happy to have such a great little place right here in Kirkland. (Go, Kirkland, go!)I'd had this place on my radar since it opened but Husband & I just finally stopped in, on a whim, a couple nights ago. We only got a couple of things (pizza, cake) but those couple things were incredible and enough to make this place become a regular thing for us.Firstly, I love the philosophy here - the style of food, organic, etc. Secondly, the space is awesome. Can't wait to go in the Spring & Summer for outdoor seating. Thirdly, everyone we encountered that night was SO NICE - the staff AND other patrons. (There was quite a lot of joking going around about stealing each other's leftover cake.)Ok, ok, but the important part: The food. We got a simple pizza (tomato, mozzarella, pepperoni). I am not much of a pizza person - however, I AM prone to showing my East Coast colors and snarking on all the pizza out here on the West Coast for constantly trying to be "East Coast style pizza". *eyeroll* Whatever. ANYWAY - this pizza was FANTASTIC. The crust was wonderfully crispy and thin, nothing about this pizza was at all heavy. But mostly, it tasted wonderfully FRESH. The ingredients were clearly high quality. I foresee pizza cravings in my future.Then there was a mammoth (and I mean MAMMOTH) salted chocolate peanut butter cake sitting up on the counter that was impossible to ignore. So we got a slice - and really, it's like two slices in one. The thing is HUGE. And delicious. This was a fabulous piece of cake. The chocolate cake part was just dense enough, but not overwhelmingly so and oh so moist. The peanut butter icing was impressive - full on peanut butter experience and not overly sweet like pb icing usually is. Damn good cake. All of the items in the pastry case looked amazing AND they make their own syrups for flavored coffee. I don't usually do flavored coffee, but if you say "homemade syrup", I'm in. I plan on going back during the week and making this my study hideaway, so I will report back on the coffee. And more of the pastries. And more food... I suspect it would be hard to find anything wrong with anything they make.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,7/3/2014,125,356,5,8,5>This place get 4 stars just for having awesome tofu. Buy local, right? Their tofu is a little squishier than I would like, but the fact that it's freshly made makes all the different. It doesn't have that funky plastic smell that sometimes comes with the tofu you buy in stores.The soy milk is awesome! Usually when I buy soy milk from the stores, I have to do this teeter-totter dance with sweetened and unsweetened to get it tasting just the way I like. The soy milk here is just the right amount of sweetness. It's sweet enough not to feel like you're sucking some wet tofu through a straw and not so sweet that you're gagging. They also have other drinks. The sweet fungus (yeah I know that sounds gross) is really tasty.I love that they carry Taiwanese style breakfast, but honestly I just wish the food tasted better. Most of the fillings of the bao were a little too cray cray with the white pepper. Also I think most of them are a little too overloaded with scallions. Maybe calm down on some of that. It's still pretty decent. There's enough variety that there are things without the white pepper thing. The prices are incredible, too. I bought a bunch of items to bring to a friend's place. I wasn't thinking and just sort of nabbed stuff. The total ended up being only like $14 for 2.5 containers of stuff. Wow!The service is really awesome, too. I'm not used to Asians being so helpful and cheery, but these people are clearly happy to be doing business and happy to have customers. I love that!
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2006,4/4/2006,30,330,2,9,5>Total kitsch in the BEST POSSIBLE SENSE OF THE WORD. Strap on your tiara cos we're going to see the Queen! Oh how I love this place and make every one I know go here with me!  Fancy, fancy, fancy in the Disney World way.  Each table has little colored pink, purple and white sugar. Everyone gets their own unique tea cup. Don't miss high tea. It's a must.  Tiaras are free upon request.  Even my dad was forced to wear one. Don't get suckered into buying one however. They will run you a steep 40 bucks for a piece of plastic sparkle.  Make sure to the photographed by "The Queen" as the owner calls herself (!?!)  The tea selection is actually quite wonderful. My big football playing brother makes me buy him little tins of tea here- his favorite? "After the ball".  Fit for a princess. If you're a vegetarian you can order veggie tea sandwiches with the high tea.  I like the apple, gorgonzola ones. The high tea comes with such an array that you almost forget you're spending 20 bucks a person...almost.  My brother opted out of high tea and went with the hearty Shepard's Pie instead which was a little cheaper. He really liked it and begged to come back.  I think he just felt so fancy in his tiara- who knows.  He also developed a strange affection for the stuffed bear he was seated next to.  You will probably be sharing the restaraunt with the "red hat society" or if you're lucky with moms and their 10 year old daughters. Make a reservation, that red hat society is quite popular these days. I'm not gonna lie- I LOVE this joint!
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2006,4/2/2006,132,42,2,1,4>Most of my friends claim I'm becoming an old fart, but you know what I still love punk rock, cheap beer and pinball. This place has it all. If you are looking for a bar in Belltown that is a little more fun and a little less pricey, this is it.No idea about Wi-Fi connectivity here. I usually go there sober and leave stone drunk.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2005,3/31/2006,278,574,,3,2>the conch fritters are amazingactually, everything i've had here is good.  and the rum samplers?  you might want to share those with a friend.  you can get pretty loaded on them if you aren't careful.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2006,3/30/2006,79,558,10,,2>I remember this:I was at a show with some firends up at "Neumo's".Cocktails.Humping a taxidermy bobcat in the corner at Linda's.Waking up in a 'travelodge' completely naked.On the way to the airport finding a tab for $260 from 'Linda's.'
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2006,3/29/2006,12,16,4,3,3>Although some people might like their bars lit a little brighter inside, I prefer the darker, more mysterious ones.  I like the Mirabeau Room for more than its lack of 100 watt bulbs though.  Good drinks, good service and some tasty bar food all put this place at the top of my list for laid-back  drinking.  For an added bonus, if you show up on the right night, the Mirabeau Room becomes a piano lounge for a few hours and you feel like you're in an episode of Cheers with Billy Joel as the Piano Man.
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2006,3/28/2006,44,78,9,7,6>Ohmygodohmygodohmygod.  I recently became addicted to Nielsen's.  This is a good thing...and a bad thing, since it's less than TWO BLOCKS from where I live.Every pastry is made with organic butter, and oh boy, can you taste it.  They have a great variety of flavors for their danishes including prune, which I sampled, and dang it was good!  Who knew?  Their cinnamon rolls are soft and gooey, but not totally oozing with icing, which I prefer.  If you want a gut-buster (sort of in a good way) might I suggest a 'Snitter?'  Yes, I know.  It sounds like some sort of code word for a certain part of the, ahem, female anatomy, but good lord.   It's soooooo gooooood.  They take their cinnamon roll dough and roll it out flat, cover it in cinnamon (of course), and then they run a line of custard down one side, and a line of icing down the other.  Oh.  My.  God.  I ate one and got a stomachache.  But I didn't care.It's cheaper than Macrina, which used to be my pastry store of choice, it's not nearly as crowded as Macrina, and the people who work there are very nice, and helpful.  They didn't even crack a smile when I involuntarily snorted when they said 'Snitter'.....
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2006,3/27/2006,14,13,5,4,3>My friend Christopher and I love Sienfeld. As do millions of people.We always joke with each other that Queen Anne Cafe (QAC) is our "Monks".  If you are a Seinfeld fan you know what I am referring to here. For all intents and purposes QAC, as far our non-scripted lives go anyways, certainly is our "Monks"; for breakfast that is (foreshadowing here).QAC is where Chris and I go to chat about daily events, air complaints, point out life's silliness (or as Chris would say "ridiculousness") and discuss the most important and vexing of all life topics; women - or as we like to refer to them the  "what in the hell do they want?" members of the human race.  Are you reading this Laura Johnston?QAC has that sort of instant connection, and I think if you find your way there you will discover this quality as well.  It is instantly comfortable. It serves comfort food.  It has comfortable paintings on the walls.  It has comfortable tables and booths.  It has big comfortable window so you can watch the comfortable people walking by with their comfortable kids and comfortable dogs. You can even comfortably watch the rain turn to sun, only to turn to rain again, and then turn to sun again....then rain. /:PThe servers, at breakfast anyways since that is when Christopher and I go most often, are friendly and they put their personalities "out there" once they get to see you on a regular basis (but this can be said of many places to be fair).  Service is casual, sometimes slow because it can get "all of a sudden" busy without warning, and poor Christina (my favorite waitress) will be swamped.  But they always pull it off with grace and a smile, but of course that works both ways because as a customer you must recognize when this happens. QAC is just so damned comfortable.  This is the space I am talking about when I say comfortable.  Now, on to the food.  "Cartwright! (?!?!)... Cartwright..."short pause and wait....Oh well.  Christopher, envelope please.And the winner is - Breakfast.Long applause here..Yea !!!The food is subpar during dinner, which is really the fairest review I can give it.  I have gone there for dinner three times, and each time it was so-so, neither here nor there (does that make sense?).  I think three times and three different entrees are fair enough, don't you?  It is not that the food is awful or bad, it just lacks taste and presence.  Salt adds a bit of balance, but otherwise it really, for my expectations anyways, falls flat.  And part of my expectations is the price point.  When I pay an average of $16-$20 for a dinner and drink I expect to receive value for that. I think that is what most people would say.  I don't find the value when I connect the price with the service and the product.  Service at dinner is too casual. By this I mean the wait staff can forget you are there sometimes.Lunch is hit or miss. Why?  I really don't know why to be honest with you.  I will have to get back to you on that.   My roommate Christopher may have a different opinion on lunch and dinner.  So look for that.  Perhaps we can be the Siskel and Ebert of restaurant reviewers, or is that Roper and Ebert, or Siskel and Roper. I cannot recall right now.  Someone died, and all I know is I want to be the "breathing one".But breakfast?  Well breakfast is always great!  I can say with complete confidence that I cannot be happier with a breakfast menu unless I just wanted to be a prude about it. By prude I mean, if you are looking for a breakfast experience like Eggs Sardou (a "classic" New Orleans dish of two poached eggs over spinach & artichoke bottoms topped with hollandaise sauce and served with roasted potatoes) then you are in the wrong place and you may as well head someplace like Firefly Lumenett across the street!  In fact, come to think of it (tongue in cheek here) Firefly does indeed serve Eggs Sardou (Yummy, too).Breakfast at QAC is fast and healthy in its portions, by this I mean you will receive your moneys worth (well, some would argue this).  They have a strong selection of omelets (available all day I think) and the usual suspect accoutrements like bacon, toast (no English muffins which I find odd as this is "Queen Anne"), French toast, pancakes, and fresh fruits.  It is, like I said earlier, comfort food. The plates are big, coffee is constant  and abundant, and service is fast and friendly. QAC will never receive reviews for inventiveness, and they never think outside the box and step up to the plate (no pun intended) with presentation and creativeness at dinner or lunch.  But as far as breakfast, I think you will like it.  I probably come in 3X a week for breakfast.  The weekends can be a bit of a line outside, I will warn you of that.  So the score, based on 5 star system - Breakfast 4, Lunch 3, and Dinner 2 stars.  Sorry Bill.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2006,3/26/2006,1574,1166,6,6,4>Flames! Bananas Foster done to perfection. I took my sister here to introduce her to this wonderful dessert and was not let down. They wheeled the cart out table-side, set the pan afire, whipped up all the ingredients from little pre-measured containers ala Martha, and finally scooped out some of the most unhealthy bananas on the planet on to two scoops of ice cream and drizzled the whole thing with caramelized goodness. It took all the will power we had to not lick our plates in this nice restaurant...then we gave in and licked away!
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2005,3/25/2006,87,327,1,2,2>It's like netflix, except in real life. Seriously, they have EVERYTHING.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2006,3/24/2006,25,57,1,2,1>Our little group of lunchers decided on this place due to the beautiful weather we're having today. We sat outside and soaked in the sun. It was perfect! I personally felt as if I was at a bistro in Europe. The sandwiches are always great -- comes with a side salad. I usually get the health-nut salad but the beet salad is now my new favorite. Have yet to try their soups. Go there on a beautiful day, enjoy the sun and people watch.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,6/24/2009,200,171,16,16,16>About 4 weeks ago we wandered into Naked City parched and ready for our final relaxation pose, pint to lips, after a medium-easy yoga practice.The most adorable boy you ever saw was waiting for us behind the bar. He placed the extensive beer menu before our aging eyes. Being vain, and possibly just lacking my readers, I looked instead at him and asked, what do you like? Our bar tender's exuberance was infectious.After several tastes of tasty beer we settled on Pliny the Elder. It was fruity and floral and tasted exactly like spring. We've been back every Thursday since. And every Thursday we are surprised by some new wonderful mini-micro selection. Pliny hasn't been around much, but last week we finished off the keg of Spring Reign.Go for the beer. Stay for the serious beer.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,6/23/2009,331,569,13,14,13>I am a girl full of contradictions.  And the most recent contradiction came to light this evening during happy hour.  I hate tequila, but I love this tequila bar.  If you're looking for happy hour on the hill, I highly recommend The Saint.  From 5-7 you can choose from five cocktails and five dishes for only $5.  I ordered the Cucumber Cocktail (no tequila for me, thank you very much).  When the bartender brought the drink, she told me they were out of cucumber (which probably should have been pointed out when I ordered, but oh well).  So I drank a Cucumber Cocktail sans the cucumber.  It was tasty enough to order two.  The nachos were solid. It was a shareable portion with cheese on every overly salty chip, beans, guac., and pico de gallo.  The bartender and waitress both had great attitudes and were chatty.  They even hopped on the internet to find out whether olives were fruit or veggies after my table pulled them into our conversation (they're fruit).  I love the decor, the size and the prices.  I'll be back soon!
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,6/22/2009,140,456,14,20,16>Best date locale ever.  Just make sure you explain to your date exactly how to get here, or you'll feel guilty for making her walk around First Hill for 15 minutes wondering if she just got Punk'd.  It's on the west side of the street, just north of Madison on Boren.  Look for the "open" and "cocktails" signs in red neon.The humble exterior belies the super-sexy, intimate and artistic interior.  Nearly every inch of its high walls are covered with cool works of art from local artists.  The music that night took us on a wild journey from the Velvet Underground, to Dolly Parton to Justin Timberlake.  The bar is expansive and their bartenders make fantastic drinks with a fine attention to detail.  They've a modest selection of quality beers on tap and some excellent Belgians by the bottle.Their cocktail menu has some very interesting creations.  I tried their rhubarb manhattan, which I thought was good, but a little too bitter for my taste.  Fellow Yelper Eugene C. recommended their cucumber gimlet--which I didn't see on the menu but ordered anyway.  I requested it with Hendricks gin and it was divine--a perfect balance of lime, cucumber and gin (although sadly the unique flavor of Hendricks was overpowered by the other flavors).  My hot date enjoyed her vodka & sodas and we shared their tasty hummus plate.  It was nothing too fancy but was filling.  It came with a variety of crackers, artichoke dip, hummus, tapenade and a medley of peppers.  I'd have liked some toasted pita and feta, but you don't come to the Hideout to eat--you come here to drink.I can't wait to bring my friends back here!
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,6/21/2009,262,106,22,19,17>Yeah, falafel that tastes so amazing - I felt naughty after eating it. Saucy even, like a 70's porn movie. But instead of that typical moustache as the staple, there's falafel. Everywhere. You try and run, but there's no escaping it. The fried goodness drizzled with homemade sauce and stuffed inside that precarious slab of pita makes me drool just thinking about it.Head on down to Georgetown, throw $6.50 (cash only, no debit/credit/money-transfer/exchange-for-illegal-­bags-of-"oregano") and grab yourself a falafel sandwich. Because each little morsel - from the pickle to the tzatziki sauce - is heaven on earth. The only real way life could get any better, is if you were stopping by this place on a date with yours truly. And I kiss on the first date.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,6/20/2009,225,519,4,8,4>Trophy's teeny tiny bake shop makes shopping and wandering The University Village all the more fun. Cupcakes are whimsical and add to any day... I stopped in on opening day to try new cupcake flavors and to see the new Trophy bake shop. The shop is petite and offers a reduced version of the larger and original Trophy location. There is still a selection of cupcake toppers, invitations, and party material, but the selection is miniature and lines a small section of a wall. There was no espresso machine present on my visit, but they did offer teas, coffee, and a few other options. The staff was very welcoming, and you could tell they were excited about the space and new venture. I ordered Pineapple Upside-down, Lemon Strawberry, and Peanut Butter Chocolate cupcakes. They were packaged to-go in the customary adorable white box with Tiffany green Trophy logo. All the cupcakes were moist, flavorful, and a wonderful treat. What you must know is that I found my fabulous new favorite flavor! Lemon Strawberry is clearly my new discovery. The flavor of the Lemon Strawberry is strong, but not overwhelming or too sweet. The Lemon cupcake portion is distinct, tart, dense & moist, and pairs well with the very thin and light delicate whipped strawberry frosting and pink crystals. I have been a fan of flavors like Snowball, Chocolate Raspberry, Chai, and Hummingbird in the past, but the simple and clear flavors of the Lemon Strawberry trumpet them all. Fyi's~ * The hours are the U Village Trophy are different then the Wallingford shop * On my visit no miniatures were available * The seating for eating your Trophy purchases is the U village provided wire & wood tables and benches
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,6/19/2009,150,597,12,11,9>Whenever a city decides to remake a part of itself, in the creation of something new there's always the danger of losing a piece of it's past. For the area around Myrtle Edwards Park, that's actually not a bad thing and the addition of the Olympic Sculpture Park is a significant upgrade to the Seattle waterfront.Several years ago, I used to live within a few blocks of this site. Whenever I tired of dodging traffic running through the streets of Belltown, like a human version of Frogger, I would jog along the waterfront. Which is another way of saying that I ran here almost every evening. Much of this area used to be piles of dirt and debris with some odd steel beams sticking out; the flotsam and jetsam of industrialization. Even along the sidewalk, much of this stretch of the waterfront was an urban Purgatory; a mix of crowded walkways and tight parking. Running through this area was difficult and you were faced with the choice of Scylla and Charybdis:  either run along the crowded walkway filled with passengers from the Bell Street landing or dodge the cars in the parking lot. I learned to accept that I would occasionally be hit by a car here and over the years mastered the dive roll across the hood of the vehicle followed by a quick wave and a shout ("No worries, I'm OK!").I moved away from Belltown before its' completion and although I'd been back in the area and had looked around, but hadn't really *seen* it. Much in the same way that everyday things that we routinely pass fade into the background and become invisible. But I made this a destination one recent afternoon and the transformation is astounding. The location is one of the more stunning in Seattle; sitting in the chairs facing Elliott Bay at sunset is a truly majestic experience. A few small groves stud the area and somehow part of the noise of urban life is dissipated by the shade. The actual artwork is somewhat sparse, although it's probably a good choice to be a little less obtrusive given the surroundings.Calder's Eagle is probably the most famous piece here, but I've always disagreed on the name. To me, it feels like it should be called the Elephant. In the shadow of the piece, the dominant feeling is the massive presence; akin to standing next to one of the great beasts. Go with me on this, the next time you're in the park, take a second look. You can almost see it: the four legs on the ground, one foot forward as if in a lumbering march. The trunk sweeping forward and the tail flipped up in the air.Probably the most controversial piece is the giant typewriter eraser; a reflection on the mundane parts of everyday life. But the most informative commentaries on the absurdities of daily life are always the unintended. At the north end of the park there is a side street which dead-ends in a cul-de-sac. Despite a concrete curb, trees, a steel fence and railroad tracks, someone still felt it necessary to put up a sign reading "ROAD END".
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,6/18/2009,118,88,12,15,13>I'm going to write this review in reverse - because the best thing we ordered at Cantinetta arrived at the end! DESSERT. Our waitress said "I think this is the best thing on the menu" and I agree wholeheartedly. If you are debating on the pear tart, the chocolate option, or any of the other inferior dessert options here - know that there is only one that stands alone and outshines its peers. BOMBOLINI. Not only fun to say (try it!), it it's a dessert delight like no other. Appearing to some as an oversized doughnut hole, it is crowned with citrus sugar and filled with creamy marscapone and accompanied on the side by three citrus confit jewels of orange, lime and lemon. Three of them per order, and they are by far worth the $7.50 price tag of pure dessert delight. I might be gushing, but it's only because I haven't been so taken with the dessert part of my meal... maybe ever! The rest of our experience at Cantinetta begs me to resume a linear progression of events. First of all, this space used to be a dentist's office. Specifically, my old dentist! To see what they have done with the space from drafty old dentist's office to a charming, elegant and cozy Italian restaurant - it is truly a sight to behold. Strictly on design sense, Cantinetta is definitely a win. Cantinetta does not take reservations, so on a Wednesday night, we arrived around 7 and were seated at the bar until a table was available. This took about 20 minutes, so we ordered a bottle of the Paolo Scavino Dolcetto D'Alba 2006 to enjoy in the meantime. This wine was a delight, and a smokin' bargain at $26! After seating in the main section of the restaurant, we noticed that there were a wide range of patrons. A group of lively middle-aged women, a twenty-something birthday party, an older family, and pairs of friends. I feel like a lot of restaurants I have been to in the Seattle area seem to only cater to one type of customer, but Cantinetta appeals to a wide range! Bravo on that accomplishment. On to more food! We ordered the grilled pancetta wrapped dates, as I had read good things about them. Although they were a nice treat, I wasn't blown away. One was a little over-charred, but still not bad. The celery root, beets, turnips, goat cheese and fennel dish ($7.00) was the only real disappointment of the evening. The beets were mushy as was everything about the dish, in addition to it being overly sweet. I love the sweetness of golden beets, but the soggy texture along with no balsamic or tang from the goat cheese to combat the sweet did not go over well. My favorite dish other than dessert was clearly the tagliatelle, black pepper creme fraiche, and farm egg. This dish I would order again, and again, and again... it's a deceptively simple dish. The noodles were perfect, the creme fraiche and pepper combination was phenomenal, and the egg put the dish over the top. You might be thinking that would make this dish heavy - but I beg to differ! It's light, yet rich. The grilled calamari ($16.50) came with fennel, chili, EVOO and olives. Although I am not a huge calamari steak fan, it was cooked so that the texture was not rubbery, but smooth and I very much enjoyed it. The sauce was complex and spicy, good enough to sop up every drop of mediterranean goodness with the last pieces of bread! I want to bring all of my friends here so that they can discover the unique, raucous at times atmosphere, and taste delights of the pasta and desserts. It's not a quiet-type restaurant, it's lively and the food is wonderful! I very much look  forward to my next Cantinetta visit.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,6/17/2009,325,469,8,12,11>After eating here over the weekend for the first time I had dreams about the Fried, Drunken Goat Cheese.  The little balls of cheesy, fried goodness are officially the best tapas I have ever had.  Seriously.Ocho has been one of those places I've bee meaning to try out for quite some time.  Ever since a car drove through the weird little hot dog place that was the predecessor of Ocho I've been curious about what would go into this small, cozy location.  I have to say I'm quite pleased Ocho did, as it serves up some tasty tapas and an amazing Sangria Blanca. In addition to the Fried, Drunken Goat Cheese we ordered a selection of Spanish Cheeses and the Garlic Prawns.  The prawns were incredibly garlicky and were overall quite tasty.  They were a little on the fishy side, but they were cooked well and the prawns themselves were quite large.  It's pretty clear I enjoyed the Goat Cheese and the selection of Spanish Cheeses was a decent portion and was served with fresh fruit and a jelly.  Since I wasn't hungry we just kept it at 3 tapas, but I'm eager to try more ASAP.  The sangria I ordered was some of the best I've had. The ratio of Orange to Brandy to White Wine was perfect and I've never had a beverage go down so smoothly.  A little on the pricey side, but worth it.  I'm eager to try the famous $10 margarita on my next visit.While I enjoyed the tapas and my beverage, the service wasn't very attentive and they were out of the scallops, steak and meatballs (all of which I was eager to try) and they were also out of a few other things.  I guess that just means I'll be going back in the very near future to sample them.... oh, and of course I'll have to order more goat cheese!
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,6/16/2009,63,134,8,9,8>This place does so great on the price vs. quality chart. Their prices are dirt cheap, but the food is so good! I usually get a sandwich and a pork tamales, and it really hits the spot. Oh god, I'm salivating thinking about it right now. I hate it how sometimes I'll be writing a review and mid-sentence all my saliva glands activate at once and it hurts like a bitch-fit! I feel so hobo. I guess I can either bus up to Rancho Bravo and get my tamales fix, or I'll just save it for another day.Must... go... can't... stop.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,6/15/2009,174,215,24,13,15>Oh yes, mommy likes. Silky smooth like my satin panties, this custard went down oh so easy. Lick by lick, nibble by nibble, frozen custard and I got to know one another.One scoop of fudgy dough--made with a base of vanilla and chunks of brownie, and one scoop of chocolate were my dates for the evening. These thick treats, just sweet enough, and well-endowed with egg yolk, left me deeply satisfied. OSFC - you may be old (I like to think of you as experienced) but you're just the right age for me.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,4/2/2014,468,742,15,22,16>Good lord, why haven't I been here sooner?? My bf and I were headed down to Olympia for the holidays and were in need to have a late dinner (9 pm ish) and craving Korean food. So where to go?Cham's? Closed.Gangnam BBQ? Nope, closed.Seoul Restaurant? Closed.Of course, there are plenty of Korean restaurants in the area and we could have just randomly drove to one. Luckily, my bf remembered there was a place that served late night Korean fried chicken. So we went to our trusty Yelp app and it led us to KKO-KKO Place. Oh haay!The lady running the place was extremely welcoming. We decided to try a half order of the special fried chicken and a half order of the fried chicken. I thought I already found the best fried chicken in WA but this place proved me wrong! Both chickens were juicy with crispy skin. Even with the special fried chicken, the skin was still crispy with the sauce coated over it. Oh and don't get me started on those fried eggs they serve...they remind me of the Spanish fried eggs my Lola used to cook me but even better (sorry Lola!). I love how the edges of the eggs are brown and crispy while the yolk was perfectly runny. You really can't beat fried eggs and Korean fried chicken as the perfect late night dinner.I need to come back here. I still have dreams of their fried chicken. *drool*
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,4/1/2014,1232,542,13,18,17>This place is packed during the lunch hour and they're only opened 11:45 AM - 2 PM.  We arrived at 12:15 and the place had a line out the door.  We waited about 15 mins for a table.  They open longer during the dinner hour.Tricky to find with limited to no signs.  You're best off using the photos from yelp to locate the building and door.  Definitely a "hole in the wall" -- without the hole.  It's very clean, but ventilation kind of sucked.  Their menu is limited which helps them be as efficient as they are.  They also have a daily lunch special -- Friday being ramen day!  Perfect on cold wet rainy Seattle days.  There are some items noted on the board on the west side of the wall, but it is written in Japanese so yeah... not much help.  The fish was fresh and the food was simply delicious.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/31/2014,386,1001,14,23,17>This is now the fourth straight pho place at this location in not much more than four years. They always seem to have about the same amount of business, and it never seems in danger of going under, but the owners sure do seem to have a carousel going. I've liked all of them to varying degrees, and it never seems to go dark when I'm driving by, so the place seems to be the opposite of cursed. Out of all of them, this one looks the nicest inside, and delivers the goods on the food, too. Not sure if these are the same folks who ran this place as Pho 99. I don't think so, but they have carried forward their tradition of lychees in the water glass. It certainly looks different. Nicer furniture, a smaller and more tasteful pay counter, pleasant pale colors on the walls. Big goldfish tank in the back. It feels closer to a restaurant than just a pho stand. The menu's solid, but nothing surprising--lots of bun, banh mi, vermicelli bowls and appetizers to go with the pho. Nice little chipboard binder, sturdy.The soup is perfectly adequate. Slightly hazy broth, nice chewy noodles that don't clump, crunchy fresh condiments. Broth could have had a little more interesting flavor, but it was good. The meat, unfortunately, was clearly wrinkled, and had definitely been frozen before. Tasted good once the soup warmed it through. The chili paste on the table was fiery and colorful and seemed like it might be housemade. The vietnamese coffee is solid. They bring it out with the milk already in, all in a water glass sitting in a bowl of warm water. Service is super friendly and nice, and prices are good. There's always parking here.The pho dollar is not a lonely dollar in Lynnwood; there are at least three really viable options within 10 blocks of this spot. I already like these guys well enough after one visit, though, and would gladly return.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/30/2014,86,202,5,10,8>Fish Tale pub was a very cool find that originated from a "Man Deal."  We went in for the tasting and growler that was included in our deal, and ended up staying for food and more drinks!The garlic fries and sausage sampler caught our eyes.  The garlic fries had a LOT of Parmesan cheese, which helped cut the bite of (mostly) raw garlic.  The sausage sampler was the star - it came with rye bread, sauerkraut, spicy mustard, and 3 half sausage links.  The sausage was killer!  My favorite was definitely kielbasa.  I asked the manager where they got their sausages, and he said they make it at their Olympia location!!  Cool and sad at the same time - cool because they're made by the brewery,  but sad because I can't buy them at the store!!!The beers were tasty.  There were 3 organic beers available, and beers by Leavenworth brewery, Reel ale (a division of Fish brewing), and Spire ciders, as they're all owned by Fish brewing company.  We chose a Reel ale beer to take home, and we were pleased!The bartender was awesome, and it was fun hanging out at the bar and looking at the tap handle collection and other decor.  The pub is also right across the street from the Everett hockey stadium, so stop by before you catch the game!
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/29/2014,292,624,6,12,10>Wow, worth the hype, worth the 5 stars. When I taste quality, ill give you a high 5. I rarely give places 5's and this place hits the spot. I'm on the bandwagon with all the other reviewers..this place is spectacular.I've been waiting to try this place forever now and after years I have finally found a reason to come here. My sandwich was amazing and everyone else's looked amazing.The line here can get long so if it is cold, bring a jacket. The dining area is tiny, so think about eating out if you have to.I will be back to try the oxtail sammy. The grilled lamb was delicious.You can tell the ingredients are all fresh and the food is just cooked with love!Is it iron chef worthy? Hell yeah!
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/28/2014,138,454,7,13,9>Went back for lunch today and tried the tonkatsu ramen and the yuzu shio ramen. They were both excellent. My only complaint is that you get a HUGE quantity of noodles - that might actually be a good thing, depending on who you are! Better than too few noodles, right?I ordered the takoyaki, which is a pan-fried dumpling with chopped-up octopus inside, topped with some okonomi sauce, kewpie mayo and shaved bonito flakes. Definitely some of the best takoyaki I've ever had. (You know they're good when they burn your mouth if you eat them too soon!)Best part about this ramen? The egg: the yolk is perfectly cooked, juuuust starting to set and clearly cured in some kind of soy sauce, which gives it a bit of color and a hint of saltiness. Price was very reasonable - splitting 2 ramen and a takoyaki between 2 was under $15 per person. Service was FAST - I swear it was not even 5 minutes before our ramen was brought to us, and  just a couple more minutes until we got our takoyaki. Our waiter explained that we could get our broth a couple different ways: traditional, or lighter (so it's not so salty) - I chose traditional, but he suggested a thermos of hot water (possibly broth? I didn't use any) in case the broth was too strong for me. I thought it was perfect, though. One good sign: we sat next to a table of 3 businessmen, 2 of which were Japanese, and they were raving to each other about how good everything was, how when you get takoyaki in Japan from street vendors they make it right in front of you, how there's no good ramen places where they're living right now, and noisily slurping the entire time, too. So you know it's legit!
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/27/2014,54,193,6,10,9>If you like blueberry pancakes or chicken fried steak, then you've pretty much hit the jackpot! BUT FIRST, let me warn you... there will be a bit of a wait. You just have to have some patience. It will be worth the wait, i promise. So just park the car, let them know you're here and take a seat outside or just hang out in the parking lot with your loved ones. This place seems a bit small but it gives off a very family-friendly vibe. Order some coffee and once your order arrives, enjoy yourself. My blueberry pancakes with hot and fluffy. My boyfriend ate all of his chicken fried steak order. You pretty much get what you paid for. Can you make your own pancakes at your own house? Yeah. But I like it a lot more than the ones that I make, so i'll be coming back for sure.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,3/26/2014,45,135,9,13,8>I work out next door to this little gem of a bakery so it's arrival caused me some mixed feelings.....would I be subjected to the smell of fresh baking pastries while I was trying to work out?  Anyway, as the build out continued I met the owner and learned of his long history in the baked goods industry and I figured this would be no "cookie cutter" bakery if you'll pardon the pun.  This bakery is in the tradition of old European bakeries where each day has new options including interesting breads and other goodies.  I am a marzipan snob, and will judge a bakery solely on it's almond croissants and other almond pastries. I hit the jackpot with Byen Bakery, the owner is also a marzipan lover and his almond pastries are STUFFED with almond goodness. Not just croissants, but something called a "Kringle" which can only be described as a marzipan "pizza" and I am in love with this pastry.  I ordered a pumpkin pie and also a Kringle for my Thanksgiving dinner and the pumpkin pie was perfectly spiced and a wonderful flakey crust. I have to work out a little longer and little harder now that Byen is open but I can satisfy my marzipan cravings and if you love almond pastries, get yourself over there.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,3/25/2014,167,247,10,14,10>I went into Liam's for lunch with a coworker yesterday. We went to do a bit of recon on hopefully a new place for business lunches and private dining options. Of course we were already feeling hopeful about this place from Kurt Dammeier, but were prepared to make allowances since it's only a few days open. The restaurant is still putting the finishing touches on their outdoor patio and backroom, but things are looking really great otherwise. The dining room was already pretty full of ladies who lunch! Our service was very attentive and it's clear that they have been tasked with sharing the culture and philosophy of local all-natural foods. So onto the important stuff...the FOOD! Of course, when you own Beecher's you've got to have cheese plates..and the do! We went with the Flagship Cheese and a Humboldt Fog, which was served with some crackers and a chutney of some sort. What a decadent way to start a meal.I ordered the Dungeness Crab Cobb Salad. I love crab salads for lunch, but was sold when they told me it had a jalapeno-lime dressing! At $21, it was definitely a splurge...but let me tell you it was WORTH it! It was such a balanced and hearty salad, but still felt light. I licked my plate clean. (only wish I was kidding!) My colleague ordered the arancini (fried risotto balls) and a sauteed greens which was a rainbow chard. Both were scrumptious and packed with flavor. Honestly, nothing in the food department disappointed.Other extras:- Have no fear! You can get the famous Mac and Cheese here and spice it up wiht extra decadent toppings! - They are getting their private dinging off the ground and will be able to do meals for about 50 in a  separate room. - They can accommodate most allergies!- Their dessert menu looks downright devious with offerings like apple cider doughnuts, beecher's flagship cheese cheesecake, and pumpkin gingersnap ice cream sandwiches!Why they didn't get the 5th Star?- They don't serve diet coke. Give me a break. There is nothing noble about this. So many places around here think they are taking  a stand about it...I find it a bit pretentious. Do your customers a favor...get over it and serve it. I don't really care that you have an all natural local...blah blah blah.- It seems impossible to say something is 5-star if you've only been once. I'll go back a bit more and then update my review!
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,3/24/2014,33,57,10,14,12>A fun little shop to take your significant other to for cookies, ice cream, or ice cream sandwiches!I heard if you come during the day, you could watch Robin baking at the large counter top. For Molly Moon fans, you've come to the right place! You can find a few limited flavors of her ice cream here. They're expected to open a walk up window and serving all flavors on May 1st.We had an ice cream sandwich with Melted Chocolate Ice Cream, the Mackle-smore and Birthday Cake cookies. The cookies were a little hard to cutinto w/ a plastic spoon. But they were delish with the ice cream. Not too sweet.We also tried the Whole Wheat Chocolate Chip. It had a nice balance of sea salt, but I'm not a big fan of wheat flour. The molasses was nicely flavored, and not overly gingery. The Orange Snickerdoodle and Orange Habenero were my favorite. Very creative. And we actually had the Orange Habernero right out of the oven which was super soft and chewy and tasted even better!
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/3/2014,416,153,28,28,29>According to Yelp, I'm the Duchess here, but I'll gladly pass the duchy (on de left hand side) to make room for more oeufs en meurette--perfectly poached eggs atop a divine housemade crouton afloat in foie gras/red wine sauce...or perhaps some of that freakishly good trout braised in tangy browned butter. To say nothing of the duck confit salad, the rich, delicious coffee with chunky golden raw sugar cubes, and the alleyside view that, if you're in an imaginative mindset, can truly transport you to your own virtual European cafe.To me, spring and summer are Campagne's triumphs, as that's when they open the outdoor tables up to the people-watching pleasantries of Post Alley. They cover these tables with butcher paper for those who like to sketch their way into the appetizer course, but even if that's your thing, you'll be more tempted to relax, sit back, and idly watch the passersby who are discovering Seattle for their first time (maybe you are, too, in which case, welcome!--and a pro tip: It's Pike Place Market, not "Pike's Place!").It should also be noted that Campagne is maddeningly romantic. I sometimes steal away from my offspring to indulge in solo brunches here, stealing right up into the alley on my motorcycle and lingering at a small table with a sketchbook and a rapacious appetite. The sun filters in beautifully, nearly everyone seems blissed out in their market reverie, and it transports me temporarily to places I've visited (Italy, Spain) where dining is not a necessity but a languid, unhurried social event. But as much as I like that, I also enjoy taking the boys out for rich breakfasts that double as lunches and sometimes even dinners: after they eat here, I know I won't have to cook again until about 7pm. On my last visit, I had the house quiche and in the space of about half a second, I totally lost respect for my own homemade quiche; it left out the back door in embarrassment, holding its bloody nose. Seriously, how the HELL did the eggs come out so silky and creamy and light? It elevated quiche to something more lofty; I was extremely impressed.Cafe Campagne would be the perfect place to emerge from a lost weekend with someone you can't keep your hands off. Amongst the well-coiffed patrons there are always a few sitting at the bar that look conspicuously tousled, flushed, and ravenously hungry, so I can't be the only one who thinks this way.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,3/2/2014,1665,1101,8,13,13>As an out-of-towner, I always accidentally refer to it as Kelly Park (oops!).  Who knew that I would be moving to Seattle a month later.  I blame the view from this hillside (or being from Chicago, mountainside---anything higher than 25 feet is considered a mountain for me) for stealing my heart enough to make Seattle my new home.  If you see a postcard or city photograph of Seattle, it's almost a guarantee that it was taken from this spot.  The view gives you a decent idea of the city's neighborhood layout.  To the west you'll see the Puget Sound with its various islands.  Straight ahead is West Seattle with the industrial Harbor Island.  To the slight right/west of the skyscraper skyline is the snowcapped Mount Rainier.  Then you have the famous Space Needle, Seattle Center and downtown.  Kerry Park = Seattle life.  A musician playing an accordion, locals and tourists smile in unison, and the fun Changing Forms statue.  After leaving, take advantage of visiting the Queen Anne neighborhood, but have a bottle of water in hand and get those leg muscles stretched.  LOVE
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,3/1/2014,122,256,6,13,9>Yes I know I can make a salad at home. But I don't have all the different ingredients on hand all the time & cutting, prepping, making fresh dressing etc seems overwhelming especially with a toddler hanging off your leg most of the time.Not only that, but they have put together some great signature salads with flavor combos I just would not have thought of myself.I have been here around 10 times & never had a wilty green or any topping that seemed less than fresh. I haven't tried any of the soups yet, but they always look & smell amazing. Also I may be addicted to their coconut oil popcorn.It's an easy stop for me after a visit to the gym, which makes me continue my post-workout "high" knowing I've fueled up with healthy stuff to power through the rest of my day!Tips: They deliver by bike (not sure of the minimum or the travel boundaries) & offer catering of box lunches, salads, soups etc. There is a reserved parking space in the back of the building, which is great as parking can be a little tricky in this area.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,2/28/2014,224,247,8,11,10>Super Cool Indie Retro 8 Bit Arcade Bar now open in Downtown Renton, WA!Now I can finally beat the Vintage Arcade Games of Yester Year that I didn't have enough Quarters to beat as a kid...Plus drinking a few Beers from Big Al Brewing! :DI like their nice Retro Videogame art on the windows of 8 Bit Arcade Bar!**After 9pm, 21 & up only!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pro Tip: Go across the street and visit The Local 907 (Owners of 8 Bit Arcade Bar)  for more Beers and Food before or after Retro Arcade Gaming!Please Support this Special place! 5 Stars!!! :)
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,2/27/2014,269,587,7,16,11>A very awesome running store. A lot of variety of gear you typically don't find in your normal athletic stores. More importantly the staff isn't trying to hard to sell you on what's in right now in terms of running shoes (at this current stage minimal shoes), but of course they still do have them available.I actually got the exact opposite and picked myself up a pair of Hoka shoes, I've never seen anywhere else. But it's pretty cool being about twice the padding of traditional running shoes. I will say as a heavy runner, they feel great, and even more importantly they don't feel heavy like traditional motion control shoes.Lastly, they fit my shoes properly. Turns out I've been fitting shoes to my toes and not my toe arch, so I've been wearing shoes about 2 sizes too small for me for the longest time. It's made a tremendous difference in comfort.I will say the only thing I'm sad about in regards to this store is they don't have a lot of apparel on stock, and the ones they do have in stock are for fit runners. Sorry no size XL available :(. Other than that, great store, heavily recommend if you're in the need for some running gear and want something a little more suited towards running and not just shoes that look cool (i.e. champs, etc.)
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,2/26/2014,164,397,6,11,8>UGH-A feeling of disgust towards myself because it took me long enough to finally try this damn place! It is utterly delicious and a melt-in-your-mouth-watering goodness! I decided to come here for my partner's birthday since this was his favorite restaurant. My friend also frequents this place often so I figured I couldn't be let down. Such a classy feel to this restaurant, but you can totally dress casual or down and fit right in (such a great atmosphere to have for such a delicious joint). We had reservations at 4:30 and they were so welcoming and accommodating even when we were a few minutes late. They were warm, very hospitable, and genuinely welcomed us to their restaurant. We were checked on quite often, treated like the special guests that we were, and we enjoyed every single damn bite, every single ounce...guilt-free, haha. Who could resist an 18 oz prime rib ($50)?! And a cajun crust? You've got to be kidding me. 18 ounces of mouth-watering, lip-smacking, I-don't-wanna-chew-I-just-wanna-swallow prime rib! YES I tell you! I order this divine selection & my boyfriend orders the 12 oz peppercorn NY steak ($53)--we also ordered the teriyaki bites ($15) and the organic baby spinach salad ($10) along with a white cosmopolitan ($11) &  a long island (can't remember the price). The blackened cajun crust on the prime rib was a bit salty, but so damn good. Perfectly blackened and crusted with just the right amount of restraint on the spices...and I must say, this prime rib was so tender, juicy, flavorful, and seriously cooked to perfect. I ordered it medium and I wouldn't have it any other way! I seriously have been craving this prime rib since I last visited. Who could resist this tender cut that seriously touches all of your taste buds and senses and makes you smile from ear to ear as it melts in your mouth and all the juices create this intense salivation of satisfaction. There is no denying how satisfied you are, seriously! The mashed potatoes that came on the side was a bit dry for me, and i wish there was some kind of gravy or dip or something that accompanied the dish so that it would balance out the prime rib and mashed potatoes. However, no complaints because I devoured it all (not in one setting of course). The spinach salad was perfect. Delicious and fresh mushrooms, crunchy bacon, fresh cut almonds, clean and refreshing spinach--all with a such a dazzling mustard dressing that I hope is made in-house because it tastes so fresh and homely that it is definitely the best organic spinach salad I've ever had!As far as my bf's steak goes--he was satisfied and ate it up! He had no complaints. He is a big fan of the mashed potatoes and says that it is one of his top favorite mashed potatoes, including his own. His peppercorn steak was thoroughly seasoned and had a good peppercorn flavor to it that it did not need anything else. Although his cut was cooked well done (as he likes, yuck, haha) it was still a tasty steak. The teriyaki bites are usually cooked to medium (as the server, Diane stated)--however, they were still accommodating to us as we ordered it well done for my bf's sake.... and it was still so freaking tender and succulent. Ughhhhh, I am drooling of how yummy it was. The sauce was definitely an in-house marinade because I could taste the ginger and orange. I could have easily just eaten the teriyaki bites alone with the salad... it was really tasty (I'm inspired to make some at home now). Definitely a great cut of meat that they use which makes it all so tender and juicy. Yumm!This place is definitely a 5/5 stars for their kind and welcoming service and for their high quality food/meats. I recommend this place for happy hour, special occasions, or just for pure indulgent reasons. I have thought about their prime rib since I ordered it...and I'm afraid I will continue to dream of prime rib when I'm not eating it.....ahhhh. Damn you Metropolitan Grill for being so reasonably affordable and so damn delicious that I want to eat you daily, if not weekly. I will definitely have to find an excuse to come here to indulge in a delicious cut of 18 oz prime rib. Thank you for showing me the good stuff!
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,2/25/2014,145,356,16,19,19>If I had looked into my magic eight ball of a future several miserable years ago, I never would've guessed that an electrical contractor would be worthy of a 5-star review on Yelp, or that I'd be flaunting my sad nerdom to the world by giving an electrical contractor a Yelp review.In an industry where the customer is given a mystery estimate over the phone ($$$/ for the first hour then $$ for every quarter hour after that, and the length of the job can be anywhere from 15 minutes to several days), Zach showed his professionalism by coming to the job site, going through everything in painstaking detail, then offering a detailed estimate that didn't increase after the job was done.  Being a Master of Disaster, I have what is known as a disaster of an old house, complete with two-pronged outlets, exposed ugly conduits on the ceiling, fluorescent lighting, and little gnomes living inside the walls.  These are different from the gnomes I usually date, as the house gnomes' job is to cause temporary power fluctuations and weird sounds, like the house has just ingested a 12 oz steak, a bacon-cheddar smothered baked potato and a pound of laxatives and is about to blow a big one.  The electrician's job was to remove some of the outlets that no longer worked, rewire others to safety codes, and remove the ceiling conduits.I had contacted the obligatory three companies to obtain bids and Zach appeared the most professional.  And by professional, I mean a serious clip board with serious picture taking of all the problem areas.  He then gave me the bid when he said he would AND his price was the most reasonable out of all of them.  On the day of, Zach arrived with another worker, got the job done efficiently and left no garbage around and only very discrete holes in the wall (which are much more discrete than the ones I already had).The bill came a little later - almost a month later (and I'd paid no deposit) - and customers are given the choice to pay online by a very efficient payment system.  And yesterday I EVEN GOT A THANK YOU CARD FROM EXACT ELECTRIC for giving them the job.  Besides my dentist, who sends me holiday and birthday cards, nobody else even acknowledges my existence in this way.  Hurry now.  Go home and plug about 20 high-voltage electrical appliances into one socket with multiple extension cords, blow out your electrical panel, then call Zach.  Like me, he'll think you're an idiot for doing so, but he'll be glad for the business.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,2/24/2014,140,456,10,13,11>I haven't been here in ages, but at work we often order lunch from Gordito's--they seem to have something that makes everyone happy.  The burritos are kinda redonkulously huge.  And I'm not even talking about the "grande" burrito--they use two giant tortillas to construct these monstrosities!I recommend getting your burrito wet and fajita style.  The fajita veggies are a nice touch.  I also order them without rice, because I really don't need all those empty carbs.  Not feelin' the burrito?  They've got excellent tacos and quesedillas as well.Also: do yourself a favor and don't eat your burrito at one sitting.  I eat half and save half for leftovers later.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,2/23/2014,192,77,9,14,11>I was wandering around Pike Place Market this weekend shopping for gifts when I discovered So Much Yarn. I thought to myself, "Is this real life?!" As I walked in I braced myself for disappointment, thinking that maybe it was a sweater store, or a kitschy name for some kind of children's clothing store. But believe me, this store is far from disappointing! There is literally SO MUCH YARN! I was completely overwhelmed by the amazing selection of yarn. There was alpaca, and mink, beautiful colors, and lots and lots of reference books. (I love reference books) Feeling myself losing focus (I was shopping for gifts after all) I had to quickly gather myself and leave, but believe me I will be a regular at So Much Yarn!  GO! See for yourself. It's amazing.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/22/2014,47,147,13,16,14>The following review was crafted by my 11 year old son using his Spanish:"Geo's esta un resturante con personas con un corazon de oro. La comida esta rico, con un verdad sabor de Cuba. Me recomiendes el Lechon tradicional. El sabor es como nada que que comen en su vida."Well, there you have it.  A great place, whatever your chosen language.Postscript: Concerned over what his teacher might think, my son wanted to fix a few grammatical errors that he was certain existed, but I told him that this is social media and it's about speed, not grammar.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,6/14/2013,267,579,17,18,13>I truly have an unhealthy love affair with croissants.  I do not allow myself to eat them very often due to their tendency to shave years off of the average lifespan via butter content ratio, but alas, I love them still.  Recently, as I wandered the aisles of Safeway aimlessly and came upon the 24 pack of mini croissants, it dawned on me that if I am to only allow such an indulgence on the rarest of occasions, perhaps it would be wise to seek out a bakery that makes them better... or, if I would be so lucky, the best.Following the trail of a certain sweet toothed yelpette led me to Bakery Nouveau and once inside, I felt like Charlie in the chocolate factory.  Big eyes, bigger stomach, drunk on fizzy lifting drink... I could have spent thousands that day and gone straight to sugar heaven, but I had arrived with a purpose and left with only four plain croissants.  When you're happily in love and you're driving around town with your best gal next to you, it isn't unheard of to gently rest your hand on her knee as a small reminder that she's there beside you. To that end, I held the croissants as they sat in the passenger seat.  I thought about buckling them in for safety... but comon, that's ridiculous.  Every bite was maddening.  Why had I ever spent a dime on croissants from safeway?  Why had I waited so long?  What was the sharp pain and mild numbness in my left side?  I won't get into the sandwiches I created or the waltzes I danced with these flaky, buttery pieces of pastry bliss, but I will say that if you need a croissant just once a year, when no imitation will suffice... Bakery Nouveau.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,6/13/2013,269,587,10,11,6>Calozzis Georgetown is only open on weekdays during the lunch hours. I work in Mukilteo. I made it a point to wake up at 5 am so I could get to work 2 hours early, so I could drive 40 minutes from Mukilteo to Georgetown for a late lunch, because I did NOT want to wait an entire month before the Rainier Square location opens up (which will be open on weekends and possibly evenings). Anyway, this should just tell you how utterly amazing these Cheesesteaks are.Donnie Whiz Wit = Best Cheesteak in the world. The new location is very clean, service is always fast and friendly. Free and conveniently located parking. Calozzi's Georgetown is a winner. Do I really need to write anything else?  For those who want their cheesesteak to be a little less greasy (especially for travel), I recommend asking for one light on the oil. At least that's the way I like mine. Just had my cheesesteak yesterday, and I already want another one.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,6/12/2013,142,339,13,12,7>Microsoft Prime 2013Just can't get enough!Ambiance: 5Food: 5Value: 5Living up to all the accolades is difficult; delivering a great value at $500 (for 2 people) is exceptional; exceeding all my expectations makes the Herbfarm a mythical place. If you had one last meal on earth, you would be hard pressed to find a more awesome place. The food is local, fresh, and fantastically prepared. On this night, head chef Chris Weber (yes, he does look 16) told us the story of the salmon caviar we're having: caught today, cured right at the wharf, and then driven up here for our consumption. They weren't kidding about it being the only 5-start restaurant north of S; the food in this place is awesome. The 9 course meal is prix fixe. The menu changes on a regular basis. They only tell you the theme (for us, it was a meal for Red Wine lovers); you show up and they serve you a specially prepared meal based on the theme. There's little profit from a description of my meal, as I'm sure yours will be different. Regardless, it will be feast for your eyes and palate. How, you may ask, can a $200 a person meal be a great value? Answer: all you can drink wines. The meal includes wine pairing for each course, specially tailored by the sommelier and the chefs to complement each other. The choices are, of course, special. They have some great wines that you can't even buy in stores. The setting is totally unexpected.  A tiny little house opens to a splendorous interior filled with fancy touches, more than word can capture. The little extras I did not know about are that they raise pigs on the grounds to 'recycle' their food. They eventually do get eaten, but it's still good fun feeding them, if you don't think about it. At any time during dinner, you can take a break and go see/feed the piggies. It was A LOT of fun. I highly recommend you try it. A confession: we jumped the fence, climbed into the pen with the pigs and took pictures. ... And that gets my only lament of the evening. It was so good and so tasty that we got super hammered. My GF doesn't recall the last 3 courses, even when I show her the pictures. Though, really,... I wouldn't have it any other way, this place is awesome, and I just can't get enough!
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,6/11/2013,147,437,10,11,5>This is one of our new favorite places in the whole world. It is less than 45 minutes from Seattle and has all of the amenities of a big national forest; great hikes, picnic areas, beach access...it also has a living museum at Fort Nisqually, a zoo, a playground, an aquarium, a dog park, and a rose garden. They block the 5-mile loop to vehicle traffic on the weekends until 1pm. This makes for a perfect place to walk, run, or ride in a beautiful place with less chance of being run down by a dude texting while driving his carpet cleaning van...
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,6/9/2013,74,93,3,7,7>For the love of chocolate, I attained absolute nirvana after having the first bite of chocolate decadence!!!! Thank you yelpers for introducing me to this place!These cakes are a true definition of chocolate melting in your mouth. I couldn't think of anything better than vanilla ice-cream with salted caramel syrup on it to compliment the cake!!! Some friends and I also had the chance to try their chocolate chip cookie with ice-cream along with vegan chocolate cake. I have always had a hard time with dark chocolate, but after being at hot cakes I've become a fan. The cookie and ice-cream was also delicious. The cookie was not too sweet or chewy and warm enough to have with the ice-cream.They have a good selection of shakes as well which I hope to explore next time.Now for the cons, I wasn't a very big fan of the coconut cream with vegan cake. The cake was pretty rich and had a strong dark chocolate flavor and definitely needed something to tone it down, just not sure if coconut cream was the best option! I finally found my favorite chocolate place in Seattle and will be a frequent customer!
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,6/8/2013,212,265,4,6,4>PFI is a really good place if you love imported European foods, if you're a fan of savory foods like olives and cheeses or if you do a lot a of cooking. There are tubs of bulk dried spices and ingredients at a fraction of what your local QFC charges in a little bottle.There are a dozen bulk types of olive oil and even more types if you need a smaller quantity like a liter or  1/2L. This is my go-to place for Greek olive oil, try the Mykonos, it's a beautiful dark green and so smooth! I buy it by the 3L. There are also other oils like truffle and grapeseed.If you love caned fish this is another paradise; imported from different parts of Europe sardines, mussels, octopus, sprats, clams, anchovies! They have an impressive array of sweets too, bulk and packaged chocolates, mints, hard candy- so many varieties that it would be better to just see it for yourself.PFI is not a cheap place to go, but they have items no one else carries. A gourmand's delight!
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,6/7/2013,246,429,15,20,17>As I wait for my sister to arrive, I decided to be observant(: I wanted to be the first to review! This place means a lot to me, the former sushi land. Now its forever going to be here where I need it to be (: The interior is much more Asian-like compared to sushi land. The employees were very friendly! As I expected, the conveyor belt is still here! I really hope this place is good! I need me some good sushi close to home.The fish definitely looks fresh and the prices look worthy. So I just tried the Tuna Nigiri ($3). It was yummy. Not my favorite though. The Albacore... Nigiri ($2.50) is so..... (chews for a bit) is so good! For a conveyor belt place! I love it. Albacore Nigiri just makes any sushi restaurant better!(:Time for the Salmon Nigiri ($2.50). I usually do not like Salmon unless it is in a roll but wow. This salmon made me stop and think for a second. Pretty dang good. Almost ties with my love for Albacore.I just had the rainbow roll(: usually don't go for it but it was fresh! Tasted great.I wanted to try one more type of Nigiri but there's none coming my way. I will definitely be coming back in a few days(:I have really wanted to try sake at a restaurant before! Can't wait to try their alcohol too. I love the fact that it's conveyor, super fresh, and close to my home!! Wooo.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/6/2013,99,150,4,10,6>This restaurant is perfect for a cozy evening.  It is located on Bellevue Ave. and is at the bottom of Capitol Hill where people might overlook the charms of this restaurant.  It is not too busy on a weeknight and we love starting the night at La Bete at their cute little bar where you can see the kitchen in action.I love ordering a glass of bubbly prosecco along with some olives, pork rinds and their charcuterie plate and just letting the stresses of the day leave.  The ambiance is romantic yet convival and exudes warmth.  There is continual entertainment from what the chefs are dishing up and it's not too quiet to have a real conversation.  On a recent visit I was absolutely smitten with their autumn squash soup and loved every spoonful on that cold dreary night.  I have yet to have dinner here but if it's anything like their small snacks, it will be fabulous.  The staff are always friendly and cheerful and that really adds to the environment.  I would highly recomment this be the next go-to spot for your date night.
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,6/5/2013,126,226,6,8,5>This place is fun! As with most shops I enjoy, the best part about Esquin is the people that work there. Lately I stop by for visits to the liquor department.  I have been handed secret bottles of rare and delicious stuff. So far my luckiest score has been an Old Forester 12 year Birthday Bourbon. Once barreled, it was ricked on the fourth floors in Warehouses H and I, where it waited for me, patiently, for many years. That is until a guy at Esquin pulled it from a secret back room and let me buy it.I've learned about some of the great Speyside options that I would have overlooked while pecking through the Islay shelf, and they even humored my top secret plan to blend my own châteauneuf-du-pape in the bathtub (DON'T TELL MY WIFE) using a proprietary, albeit somewhat arbitrary, combination of cinsaut, counoise, grenache, mourvèdre, muscardin, piquepoul, syrah, terret, and vaccarèse. Grenache is an easy score but good luck finding the rest of that list. Did you know that piquepoul means "lip-stinger" and refers to the varietal's high acidity grapes? Fascinating. Vaccarèse is a funny name, I wonder what that means. Message me if you know.Speaking of funny names, if I stand back and think about it, Esquin is a funny name too. I'm sure it's a great surname for a family, but as a name for a wine shop, or a restaurant, or a racehorse, it's a little tricky to pronounce right. As I always advise, if you pronounce something right, that's awesome. You're cool. But if you pronounce something incorrectly, on purpose, you are awesome in a different way. And if you are naming something, it's a good idea to make it easy for all of us to pronounce. Bonus points if it's witty, subtract two points if it's ironic. Because irony is the handmaiden of cynicism, who is frenemies with my best friend integrity and her roommate authenticity.So a funny thing I started doing (especially around people who REALLY care about wine) was to casually and consistently swap the word Sequin for Esquin, in casual conversations about where their collection was cellared or where they had scored this dope grand cru whatever. And they would often pause and say Esquin. And I would parrot it back exactly like they had said it, which was always slightly different from person to person. And I would agree as if they had misheard me, and they would continue with their fascinating sentence. And I would be not only impressed by their baller status in the wine world, but also amused by my own childish game.I stopped doing this. Because the time for childish games is over. I realized that to be a complete person I needed to show more respect for the wine world and the beautiful and handsome people who inhabit its idyllic coasts and caves and castles. I was like a young knight reborn into shiny stainless steel armor, ready to battle the dragon of jargon and destroy the evil prince of corkrot. It's like all of France was laying down before me, and as long as I kept throwing $20 bills at France, peeling them off of a giant imaginary pimp roll, and throwing the bills in their general direction, I would be the best wine knight I could be. That worked for a while, and then I had to pay off Italy, and Spain, and now Eastern Washington and Oregon are on the dole. Making it rain. Shopping for wine is like the opposite of having a job.Now at this point in a Yelp review, you might think I had lost track of the story. I assure you that I know exactly what I'm talking about when I tell you that above a certain number, wine is just another way to show off how much money you have. It's like stereo equipment; the difference in quality between a $9 pair of headphones and a $49 pair of headphones is noticeable, but the difference between a $49 pair of headphones and a $490 pair of headphones is harder to discern. At some point you're just swept into a value and esteem system that may or not prove fulfilling to you long term. Think about it. Macklemore made a very similar point about the fancy shirt game in his thrift shop song.Fortunately, I'm not allowed to buy any more wine for a while because both of our wine cellars are totally full. My darling wife said "no!" "stop!" like I was a puppy that had brought home another box full of dead rabbits in from the back yard. What's a guy to do? Buy liquor! There are cheaper places to stock up (see my review of Total Wine & More across the lake in Belleview), but if I need something rare, or new, or special, I would go to Esquin first. They've got a great selection of hard-to-find stuff within striking distance of downtown. And I mentioned that they are nice. And they have a parking lot on the side of their building that's free. And they fill up growlers now, which is kind of cool I guess. Don't bother signing up for their e-mail newsletter. It comes four times a day and just rambles on and on and on.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,6/4/2013,121,279,5,7,4>The Hill's new resident is has brought the best of the southwest right to Broadway. From a case of delicious sweet treats to tamales in cheese, chicken, and pork,  I may never need to return to Arizona.  Did I mention there is flan on the menu?!In addition to the food there are some basic coffee options (admittedly, I haven't tried them yet) and plenty of comfy seats amid the bright interior.  If your not in the mood to eat or get a latte, the shop is draped in jewelry and brightly colored gifts; from Frida Kahlo necklaces to colorful glass rings there is plenty consider.Succeeding at bringing new flare to the Capitol Hill, Cintli Latin Folklore is a welcome addition to Seattle.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2005,8/17/2005,12,156,,,>Yummy yummy yummy! When I need a greasy burger fix, I often go to Shultzy's (yes I know they are known for their sausages, which are great too, but don't overlook their burgers).Service is nice, prices are fair, and the little skinny french fries just rock. Plus a good beer selection.Have fun looking at all the photos sent from around the world featuring Shultzy's t-shirts in them. Pretty neat!
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2005,8/16/2005,105,713,1,3,4>Our architect friend insisted that we check out the building.  He was right.  It's dazzling - particularly the inside.  Thanks, Mr. Koolhaus.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2005,8/13/2005,317,792,1,1,1>"Thaaaanks for the memories..." The place gets 5 stars just for all the pool games I won after imbibing a few beers. Ok, it's been awhile since I've been here, (NOT saying how long) but I spent more time in the lowest level of Dante's than I did in a classroom during my time at the UW. Probably learned more too. Don't tell my kids. Darts, pool, cheap pitchers... Are the pitchers still cheap? Sports bars are only fun if you can PLAY, and this at least used to be a great place to play. And eat.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2005,8/12/2005,317,792,13,4,9>Oooh, goodie, the Fremont Troll got added to Yelp! Good call Robyn! When my kids are bad I threaten to feed them to the troll. Since they're teenagers, all I get is the eyeroll and "yeah, right" but I still think I detect a little qiver of fear when they climb all over him. Yeah, right. Every year we do the Fremont Fair and visit the troll. Quintessential Seattle.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2005,8/11/2005,317,792,,2,>Wow, what CAN'T you learn through Discover U? I first took a silversmithing class I found in the catalog and now I'm hooked. I love that most of the classes are taught by people actually working and making a living at what they teach. I love that I can always find a class near home, but if it's far away it's worth going. Creating Discover U was the best invention since sliced bread, and I'm sure you can find a class on that too!
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2005,8/10/2005,60,614,,1,>Finally!  A farmers market in the NorthEnd that I can get to!  Be still my heart.  Fresh, organic produce! Bright, beautiful cut flowers!  Music from street performers to lighten the day.  My only difficulty is finding enough room in my  refrigerator to put all the veggies and fruits.  Sunday afternoons have a purpose in my life now.  I can rest easy at night.
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2005,8/9/2005,99,63,5,2,1>The espresso at this little stand isn't that great, but the bagels are cheap and if you park at the Kenmore Park'n'Ride it's right next to the bus stop and you can grab something while you wait for the bus. What really makes this place stand out though is the attractiveness of the employees.The disproportionate number of hot baristas wearing bikini tops makes me wonder whether Best Friend Espresso is really an equal opportunity employer. Really, I haven't ever seen the stand being run by anyone who isn't a hot girl. But hey, I'm not complaining.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,7/11/2011,87,262,5,8,8>My Bellevue pals are so happy to have this addition to the Purple, Barrio, Lot 3 tifecta!We sat in the leather lounge loft and had a ball with their fun menu. Huge kudos for the menu including Salumi Artisan Meats! Our selections:Salumi (Finocchiona, Mole, Sopressata)Beet SaladPolenta FriesThe cocktail menu is quite adventurous and I love how they serve from different glasses, a la flea market finds! My Hanky Panky cocktail was delish!Overall great prices, fun/classy atmosphere, old-school infused menu with a gourmet flair.
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,7/10/2011,290,767,5,11,8>This place is somewhat of a minimalist type place.  The brewery has a tasting room which has a bar, some tables, and now that it's getting nice a set of tables outside.  The design is pretty nice and is comfortable to hang out in for a few hours.Their beers are all $4 a piece and size depends on the beer.  I like that.  It's easy to calculate my purchases and I prefer a smaller glass of the higher ABV beers anyway.  The staff here is quite friendly and will chat with you about all their beers and their production.  They are knowledgeable about what they are serving and it's clear they truly enjoy being there.They offer some snacks (yummy nuts!) and non-alcoholic beverages also (mostly sodas and water).  They are both kid & pet friendly, so feel free to bring both the two-legged and four-legged members of your family.  Bring a growler or two and have them filled since once you try some of these beers you'll definitely want to be taking them home with you!!  My only issue (which is really a personal issue) is that no matter how many times I come here I manage to drive by the street to turn on to!  That being said, if it's your first time watch for their signs.  Overall, I've been impressed with this brewery and look forward to seeing more from them in the future!
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,7/9/2011,713,559,5,8,9>Several friends of mine were talking about the fact that Potbelly was opening up so I figured I had better try this place out and especially since I am a big fan of most things Chicago from the deep dish pizzas and Old Style beer to Wrigley Field and Michael Jordan.As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a very friendly and energetic staff that was more than ready to take my order and prepare it to the best of their abilities. I was fortunate that it wasn't too busy so I didn't have to wait at all. After checking out the menu, I decided to order the Italian which was piled with delicious meats and cheese by a very happy to take my order employee who then sent my sandwich in to the toaster. As that was taking place I went down the line where yet another super friendly employee helped me decide on which toppings would make my sandwich experience the best it could possibly be.Honestly, I was impressed with the level of genuine friendliness of all the staff members as it could be real easy to just slap on that customer service smile and do everything by the numbers. The "Topping Girl" struck up a nice conversation while my sandwich was moving along through the toasting process. She even gave me an update on its progress as we waited and talked. Moments later, my sandwich was ready and I was on my way!My one gripe here and it is a very small one is that you can not see the toppings that are being added on, you can only go by what they are suggesting and a fairly nondescript menu that blends in to the decor so can easily go unnoticed.All in all I am very happy that Potbelly is now in Seattle and maybe they will open up another location on Capitol Hill some day!
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,7/8/2011,609,878,6,15,11>If you've ever wanted to try Spinasse, but found it too rich for your blood, come try Artusi, their new sister restaurant/bar. They get a solid 4.5 stars for excellent and affordable food and cocktails (relative to their next-door neighbor, anyway).With that out of the way, detalis! Vicki L noticed that Artusi had opened last week and suggested that we drop in for some drinks. Located next door to Spinasse (ignore Yelp's directions, it's actually between Pike and Pine), the two are actually interconnected, so one could drop in to Artusi for snacks and drinks, and then tunnel over to Spinasse for a proper dinner.If they so choose, anyway, because Artusi serves up food as well - while Spinasse will continue to focus on their signature pasta dishes, Artusi offers no pasta whatsoever, focusing, instead, on a handful of Italian cocktails and small plates.I started with a Miller's Crossing and Pink Hook for drinks, and finished with an order of the local truffles and guianciale (aka, tasty, tasty bacon) served over soft polenta, for $9, $9, and $19 per. Both cocktails were excellent drinks, and I'd highly recommend the Pink Hook for anyone that likes bourbon or rye. And the polenta? So, so delicious, and again, highly recommended - the truffles were not mere truffle flakes or powder, no, but actually slices topping the dish!My only complaint is that they're only easily wheelchair accessible towards the front of the bar. Once full, maneuvering towards the back, where the bathroom and open kitchen are, is fairly difficult. And their bathroom is designed in such a way that it's almost impossible to close the door with a wheelchair inside.Off-topic: I'm pretty sure I saw Brian Canlis (yes, of THAT Canlis) eating three tables away from us. First ever celebrity chef sighting in Seattle!
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,7/7/2011,5000,240,58,40,45>This high-end grocery store has served Upper Queen Anne since 2003, but that was just a change of name and purpose from their old moniker - Thriftway* (operating on QA since 1971) because they wanted to distinguish their gourmet stores from their regular stores.  I'm not a regular everyday shopper here, but I do like their emphasis on quality locally made products.  They also have a very good produce section which beats the pants off of Safeway across the street!  At times you can catch me at their gourmet soup counter, the bakery section, novelties/ice cream section (Snoqualmie brand ice cream), or the meat department.  The meat department has a cioppino section that is most excellent!  Plus it is available every single day!  For those of you that like to make sliders, MM is the only place I've found that carry dedicated slider buns (excellent for tailgate parties)!  They also have a great selection of cheese and wine!  * An aside - as a child growing up in Seattle, Thriftway was quite the hot spot for the singles scene.  Man, talk about being born in the wrong era!  Ha!My cucumber. It's bigger.    No, vegetables are sensual.              I think vegetables can be    People are sensuous.  sensuous, don't you?        /                                     WHAT?  My boy!   |                                        _/                                       \ _          /  O                                      /O\                                       /O\       O   |-                                   o- |        bcbc!bcbc!**O         |-       //|  / \                                       / \                             -/\         / \        / \_________________________________ME_MOM_DAD______**bcbc!bcbc! = brownchickenbrowncow!
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,7/6/2011,386,1001,14,23,18>Great new addition to the south snohomish county beer scene. So new, in fact, that drop cloths and seconds-old coats of paint were part of the ambiance for my first visit. Within a week they finished building the bar and started pulling taps of six different local beers. These guys aren't messing around. They get it done and they do what they say they will. Now you can come in and sit down for a pint, or crack one of the hundreds of delights in the coolers. Depending on your personal flavor of beerlove, this is either the best bar in town, or Beer University, or both.Great selection; they seem to have virtually everything every other bottle shop in town has for their permanent shelved collection. Obviously they haven't started their own cellar or private-labelled special release program, but that's a tiny fraction of any store's inventory. What they do have is tons and tons of beers, all arranged by place of origin. Starting from the left front corner with Washington and working around the country and across the pond as you go back through the store, you see tons and tons of singles. They have a bunch of six packs on open shelves, and a shockingly good selection of Christmas beers for May. I grabbed a Mikkeller Santa's Little Helper 09. Woot! Best of all is the infectious enthusiasm of the owners--they want a living room feel, they want a great tap lineup that's always rotating in new surpises, they want to get to know their cutomers, find out their tastes, and turn them on to great beers. They have the bug like all good bottle shop owners should--they clearly think of themselves as beer geeks, too, and as beer messengers in a way, turning people on to the good stuff and letting 'em know where it's at. I am so, so, so happy to have a store like this in my hood. Here's to hoping for big successes for them over the years to come.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,7/5/2011,114,197,6,8,9>Happy houred at Tavolata in late spring on a rainy Seattle weekday. Warmed up with the house red at the bar and shared small plates with my partner in wine before catching a show at Open Circle Theatre. Happy hour is until 7 pm, a rarity in Seattle post-work dining. Had the chickpea salad, with raisins, celery and lemon vinaigrette. Perfect, light and refreshing. Also split the Gnocchi alla Romana with tomatoes and mozzarella, then sipped on a second glass of red for dessert. Attentive service at the bar with a meal that warmed us up and didn't break the bank. My kind of happy hour.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,7/4/2011,795,513,7,9,10>This place is AWESOME! My favorite restaurant of all time in Seattle. It's really romantic and the view is unbeatable. Definitely a great spot to go to if you're looking for a romantic place to dine with your significant other. It's definitely not cheap so it's not an everyday "let's go get some dinner at Canlis" unless you're a baller and you don't mind throwing down a few benji's. They're pretty strict on the dress code as well, men all have to wear a sports jacket and if you don't have one then they provide you with one. Pretty awesome huh?I've been here twice already and the second time was last month when I was back home visiting.  We started our night with a few appetizers:Prawns in red chilies & limes - $18: Ohh yummy, I love prawns so if it's cooked with any spices then I'm game. It was a bit pricey for 4 prawns.Braised Veal Cheek w/ onion, lemon confit and shiitake mushrooms - $18: I wasn't a huge fan of the braised veal but the bf loved it and he pretty much ate most of it.After inhaling our appetizers, we decided to order our entrees, I started with the Halibut, seared, with artichoke tomato confit and piquillo peppers - $38: The halibut was cooked to perfection and flaked off as I poked at it with my fork. I wasn't a huge fan of the artichoke tomato confit but it was pretty light and not too heavy which brought out the buttery flavors of the fish and peppers.Wagyu Tenderloin Kobe-style beef,  Served with soy Madeira mushrooms and port reduction $68 - The waiter told us that the wagyu was a mix of a japanese kobe cow and an angus cow which sounded pretty cool. The beef was succulent and super tender and it melted in our mouths. It's probably one of the best meats I've had in a long time so it was definitely worth forking over $70 for.Did I mention that I love this place? The ambience, the view, the service and best of all the delicious food!
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,7/3/2011,325,469,9,10,10>Who eats pink frosting by the spoonful?!?! One of the coolest colleagues in the world. Last Thursday we were having a going away party for someone at my company that is moving on to the next chapter in her life. Very sad to find she was leaving, but excited to make her going away memorable! In addition to one of her favorite lunch items, we wanted to make sure she had an amazing dessert... and for her... that is none other than the pink frosting from Cupcake Royale. After ordering two dozen cupcakes (the majority of which had pink frosting) we wanted a tub o' frosting which Cupcake Royale was happy to provide. Free of charge even. Sweet. Additionally, our company holiday party was the following night. We contacted Denise, their event coordinator, who provided amazing customer service and ensured our cupcakes were delivered and set up on one of their awesome stands. She helped me figure out flavors (we went with rum ball, eggnog, red velvet, dance party, triple threat, and salted caramel), a variety of sizes, and how many. Denise (in person!) even delivered and set them up. To say she was meticulous would be an understatement. They looked perfect and were a big hit. Best of all, she only needed 4 days notice to make it all happen. (Besides the cupcakes a certain Yelper makes) Cupcake Royale makes the best cupcakes in the city. They have creative monthly flavors and employ incredibly friendly and helpful employees.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,7/2/2011,267,579,29,14,15>Yesterday I walked down to Safeway, meandered over to the butcher's spot, and searched for three minutes before asking a woman where I might find veal.  "We don't eat that here.""I see.  Do you know where I might find people that eat it?""I would try the Greenwood Market on 85th."*tips hat*Cue Mike driving over to the Neighborhood Market on 85th street. I had never been so it was cool to see it - very similar to a Whole Foods or a Metropolitan Market but not quite as expensive.  I found the meats and fishies... Look through the selection... No veal."Excuse me, do you have any veal in the back?""No one in this neighborhood eats veal.""How could you possibly know that?  Where in this hippie state can I find me some succulent baby cow(possibly not accurate wording)?"Another employee walks up..."Would you like me to call Central Market in Shoreline?  They have a full butcher's shop" "Sure!  Some things are worth the trip and baby cow is one of them."  (At this point I should state that most people are not finding these jokes funny, but this woman does and is really polite and helpful)She comes back."They always stock Veal at Central Market in Shoreline.  Three different kinds!  They don't have the medallions you mentioned but they do have thin cut veal lag scallopini.""Perfect. Thanks!"  The two employees who helped me give me two sets of directions to get there, both accurate.  I choose the scenic route. I arrive at......the biggest... grocery store... IN THE WORLD.Probably not but eff me this place is ridiculous.  It takes me three hours, a treasure map and a compass that doesn't point North to get to the butcher's "stadium" and when I arrive I instantly feel bad for the vegetarians of the world.  Glorious. "I've here for your veal.""Aren't we all."  (Mike laughs)It wasn't cheap and it cost me 37 dollars in gas money, but it was worth it.  I also want to go back to try at least 50 of their 300 bottled beers.  Wowza.  And live oysters?  **No baby cows were harmed in the writing of this review. One may have been harmed in the preparation of my veal parmigiana...
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,4/2/2009,117,196,19,14,16>Despite my extraordinarily lofty 2009 Resolution I've named: Bikini Challenge 2009 (that will pretty much come down to hard core workouts, strict nutrition monitoring, and overcoming my love of sleep, gaming, snacking, and booze) - a late night experience at Dick's led to an Executive Decision to declare that it is no longer to be classified as "fast food".Therefore those delicious fries and scrumptious cheeseburgers shall not be sacrificed in the pursuit of a bikini body. This of course means I may have to push this Resolution back to oh, say 2010. For the Canadian hotties attending the Vancouver Olympic Games. As my friend Isha sagely advised: "You never settle for Dicks. Dicks is a privilege."
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,4/1/2009,316,105,18,17,20>This place gets my bad-ass stamp of approval.  There are peanuts and shuffleboard, interesting people (both patrons and staff) and lots of rad motorcycles parked outside.  It's also in Georgetown, which is one of the few neighborhoods which I feel rivals my Capitol Hill/Madison Valley hood in terms of having excellent, non-pretentious places to hang out.  One night I was having a bad appearance/self esteem day and went here with my sister and friends.  I got hit on twice, got a free cupcake and sat on my dream motorcycle.  Total win.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,3/31/2009,290,767,11,11,10>Oh taco bus.  I drove by you a few times and was scared.  You always seemed to be open, but you never seemed that busy.  You're really on a bus.  How good could you actually be?One day I ventured with a friend through your doors.  I was skeptical of the scrunched seating.  Would you just drive away with me on the bus?  Did you even have a kitchen big enough to turn out good food?I didn't want to be too adventurous so I stuck to your carne asada tacos.  They were small and came with two tortillas.  Just the way I like them.  There was meat, some sauce, and a bit of cilantro.  No fancy stuff.  Just the way they should be.  I took those tacos home and ate them.  My taste buds were so happy.A week later I was craving Mexican food again.  No longer did I have to feel disappointed at the thought of another crappy Mexican food place in Seattle again.  I knew where you were.  I knew you'd be open and waiting for me.  So I showed up.  I tried your quesadilla.  It was greasy and came with lettuce in it.  It was good, but nothing compared to your tacos.  I prefer the carne asada, but your pollo is good too!  Oh taco bus, I love you, but I curse you.  I cannot stay away.  Your cash only policy makes me hunt for ATMs some nights.  And the day I show up with a craving and you're closed, I know my heart will break.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,3/30/2009,270,226,14,20,20>Do they feed giants here?Talarico's serves huge pizza slices that *will*...or *should* fill your stomach. Yes, it's not NYC pizza, so who cares! I'm a transplant, and can honestly vouch this is tasty pizza compared to many others outside of the tri-state area. Authenticity aside, I cannot get over the size! I've seen a boxed pizza pie the size of a table at Talarico's!   The full bar offers generous pours. My drinks are always strong. But you have to account for the fact that I could barely hold two and a half drinks down. Cursed, I tell ya. Come here on a casual date. The lighting is dim and flattering. The ambiance is a mix of jeans with a touch of swank and romance with its bar height tables, leather booths, chandeliers, and fireplace. Solo is fine too. Many dine at the generously sized bar with large screen TVs. The consistent service and fun atmosphere beckons me to return.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,3/29/2009,75,91,6,7,7>Authentic and fresh French bread as hard as a rock? Check.An exquisite wine list with the best whites I've had in awhile? Check.Tarte tatin avec creme fraiche so delicious that I spilled caramel sauce on my shirt while devouring it? Check.This is certainly not the restaurant for big groups, but it is the quintessential romantic spot for two. We first split a starter of Calamar a la Provencal -- a delightful dish of tiny, sauteed, wiggly creatures doused in a butter and garlic sauce (perfect for dipping with bread).A salad for two? Don't mind if we do! Bucherondin de chevre was our  next choice, and arguably, my favorite dish of the night. Fresh, crisp greens tossed with a zesty scallion vinaigrette, but best of all was the delicious warm goat cheese on toast. And finally, our split entree was Tartare du boeuf. This raw dish may not be for everyone -- it was referenced to as "beef sashimi" at one point in the evening -- but it was the perfect, light entree to complement the somewhat heavy sauce from the appetizer. This restaurant makes me miss France. A Yelper in a review down below noted that Cafe Campagne apparently throws a raging Bastille Day party. I will be here come July 14. And according to the restaurant's website, as of 12/09 at 11:33pm PST, we only have 215 days, 14 hours, 49 minutes, and 04 seconds to go. Mark your calenders, mes amis!
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,3/28/2009,16,50,8,8,8>Getting a hot gooch at HoneyHole is worth so much more than the mere dirty joke due to the deliciousness of the sandwich.  All of the hot sandwiches I've had are great and they even made a pretty mean egg salad.  Chachi's Fav. and the Luke Duke are also winners.  Solid bread and a decent side of fries bump this place above your average sandwich.A relaxed atmosphere for lunch or even late at night because when's the last time your "$5 footlong" came with shots of whiskey?  Never! Except that one Tuesday with Devon, but that night ended with an arrest and cold sweet onion sauce in your hair.Eat here and end your night with a hot piece of delicious instead.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,3/27/2009,30,62,7,10,6>Todd didn't just fix my hair. He fixed my emotions. I had a bad experience the first time I went to Zero Zero, but the stylist I saw no longer works there and Todd talked me into giving his salon another shot. I was skeptical, but I am so glad that I went back!I'm a bit of a baby about my hair. I've had basically the same haircut for my entire adult life and I was bored out of my mind with it. I desperately needed something different. So bad that I was on the verge of a breakdown. I have been in a funk for the last few months and I am in a good mood for the first time since December. My boyfriend asked me what is wrong with me when I got home. :-) All I could say is that I feel hot for the first time in about 5 years, all thanks to Todd. I was dancing around the apartment and made my boyfriend take pictures of me (one of them is on my profile if you want to see the amazing haircut Todd gave me - I'm wearing green and black and have HOT hair). I got my hair cut twice in two days and made a giant fuss, but Todd had a great attitude and was cheerful about getting me the look I wanted. He was an amazing sport about it and I am very thankful to him for that. I don't normally trust men with my hair, but Todd has magic hands. He can do my hair any day.
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,3/25/2009,164,329,13,11,12>for the last year or so I have only been to the movies less than a handful of times because:-i don't like watching a movie with obnoxious teens-the cost-i don't like watching a movie with obnoxious teens!!-the cost!!!!i always thought to myself that paying this much to go to a movie would be so worth it if i could have some drinky drinks too... OH GOODNESS GRACIOUS THANK YOU BIG PICTURE!!!!!-no obnoxious teens-the cost is the same as the regular theater-great environment with a fabulous lounge to chill in while you wait to sit in the theater-room for 60 people only and the front row isn't too close to the screen-no previews!!!!!!!-the popcorni have been spoiled rotten. i would be fine not ever having to go watch a movie in a regular theater again : )
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,3/24/2009,173,265,13,14,14>With out a doubt one of the better diner-style RE TA RANTs around!  So called because the sign outside is missing the S and the U.  Also loved the covered-up bullet hole gracing the window next to our booth!  You can't fake that kind of atmosphere.  Would you really want to?Down to the food:  I got two eggs, rye toast, hash browns, and ground beef steak patty.  The eggs were magnificent.  The toast was very good.  The patty was all right, but given the options they offer, I'd probably spring for something else next time.  It was pretty much hamburger made into a patty.  It was okay, but I probably should have gone with hot links as they got raves from just about everyone.  In addition, they leave the carafe of coffee at your table, which is an old-school trend I would love to see come back in style.In conclusion, if you are in this area of Seattle and craving good, greasy spoon diner food from 7 AM - 4 PM, Silver Fork offers salvation.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,3/23/2009,12,11,9,10,10>So good, it is worth having to shove through throngs of tourists.  They have wheat free, sugar free, dairy free, and various combinations thereof.  What they don't seem to have is something that is all three.  I wonder if it is possible to have a baked good that is free of wheat, sugar, and dairy, or would it then cease to be a baked good?  Is it just a matter of semantics?  Maybe I should ask one of the annoying guitar playing guys nearby what they think.I do know this, their big cookies are pricy (I know they say "spendy" here in the PNW but I can't bring myself to say it too) but well worth it, especially if you, like me, have a sweet tooth but a need to avoid sugar.  Or if you are vegan, or have a wheat allergy.  If you have no dietary needs, this place still rocks.  The deliciousness makes me temporarily forget that I am in ground zero of tourist attractions.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2009,8/30/2010,254,643,10,10,10>Ya know, when you live mere meters from this place, you sometimes tend to overlook it. Or walk right  by b/c it's always.  bloody.  crowded.BUT NOT TONITE, DEAR READERS!  WE WALKED IN AND GOT SEATED!  WOOHOO!  (insert cheers here)I'll admit, I was a bit skeptical.  I looked at the menu online and I kept seeing "pork belly, pork, pork, rabbit, liver, things Lily doesn't eat, etc" - BUT, once we got there and actually had time to peruse the menu and listen to the lovely Luis (our kickass server) list the specials, I started to get more excited.Gnocchi w/ goat cheese and parmesan - checkHandmade pasta w/ ragu - checkBrussel sprouts, roasted w/ pine nuts and Barolo vinegar - checkBarolo red wine - checkTasty chocolate tart w/ tobacco (REALLY?) cream - checkFull belly, happy Lily & Corey, rolled out of the restaurant - checkI'm no longer skeptical.  I heart Spinasse.  I want to eat pasta everyday now.Ok, not really, but I'm definitely pleasantly surprised & will be going back again for more.
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,8/29/2010,113,214,7,10,7>I love the space at the newly opened Still Liquor, it's very open, and looks great; a perfect spot to stop off for a few drinks. We stopped by here right when it opened for the evening at 5, so we easily got a spot at the bar with the friendly bartender. I had the Dragon's Toe - a bourbon and cucumber concoction, and my gf had the namesake drink, The Still, which was tequila based. Both were excellent, and cheap, due to happy hour. There is no food here yet, but they do have microwavable dinners for $20 if you choose to go down that path. I look forward to coming back here again with a group to try some more of their great cocktails! Salud!
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,8/27/2010,106,231,10,12,10>One of the most chill places to hang out in the University area.The first impression you will get from Dante's is that it's a lot bigger inside then it looks outside. It's actually 3 floors, woah! As you enter the front door they have seating on the right and the bar on the left. If you keep heading to the back you will see stairs that go up to the 3rd floor balcony and down to the basement type area.In the basement type area they have a large dance floor, this place is pretty hit or miss for dancing and you should never 'plan' on coming to Dante's to dance. Also on this floor they have a lounge type area with 3 pool tables. Some pinball machines and an air hockey table! If you head upstairs to the top floor they have more seating a pool table, darts and a foosball table.To finish this off, if you're looking for a great hangout spot that's super casual and don't mind a younger atmosphere you should definitely check out this bar.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2010,8/26/2010,95,254,10,10,10>I didn't really get a chance to try the raw stuff, so here are just some important things that I noticed:Get the spam musubi. This was my first experience with spam ever, and now all the other spams have a lot to live up to. The spam was nicely pan seared topped with a sweet slice of tamago, then snuggly strapped on to a pad of rice with a strip of nori. It was soft, it was sweet, it was savory, and it was SPAM!Sweet potato fries go well with japanese mayonnaise. I'm not saying that these were the best yam fries I've ever had, but I will remember from now on to ditch the ketchup, and use spicy mayonnaise instead.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,8/25/2010,86,498,9,11,9>Walking down 1st Avenue after visiting the Market and SAM with three kids and I'm in desperate need of a coffee.  Now typically I would go for Starbucks in this situation as they are consistently crappy and I know what to expect, BUT I was literally standing in front of Stella, it said coffee, and I thought to myself "well at least I'll be able to write a review".  So I walked in to this near deserted place, made sure they didn't use Hershey syrup (gag) and ordered.  Got my coffee, took a drink and was pleasantly surprised.  Wow.  I stumbled upon a gem here!  This is some good shhhhh.  Huh.  Who knew?  (Apparently a few ppl looking at the reviews now).Other than the fact that I ordered non-fat and she gave me what tasted like 2%, it was really good.  Like almost Vivace good.  Way to go.  I savored that delicious coffee, applauded myself for taking a chance, and made a mental note of where it was for future reference.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,8/24/2010,111,30,114,29,26>So I guess there's a new trend (or at least it's new to me) on the eastside - super cheap foot massages.  $25 will get you one full hour of a foot massage.  They only spend about 20 minutes total on your feet and the rest of the time they massage the rest of you.  The reason it's so cheap is mostly because of the style of massage and of course the fact that you're fully clothed and are sitting in a big comfy recliner along with 20 other people in their big comfy recliners in the same room.  Not exactly a private setting, but for a full hour of massage for only $25, you're prepared to make some sacrifices.Best place I've been to for this service so far - Beijing Herbal Foot Massage in Kirkland, WA.  I've consistently had the warm fuzzies after leaving this place.  They play traditional Chinese music softly in the background (and some classical), the chairs are comfortable, the staff is quiet and polite and each person I've had a treatment from has had a great touch and seems to know roughly the right pressure to give.  I've been there several times and will continue to come back.Here's the story about what happened the time I did not go to Beijing Herbal Foot Massage last night.  I went to some place in Bellevue.  Here's what happened.Chairs were great, slightly better than Beijing.  The music started off okay being Bryan Adams "Everything I do, I do it for you", until I heard it twice within 20 minutes and then a third time by some chick who re-did it and should thereby be shot.  The staff is very nice and polite... before they get their hands on you.  Once my sister and I sat down there was no "hello, do you need a soft or firm touch, do you have any missing or broken appendages..." none of that.  I sat down, they brought a tub of warm water to soak my feet in (great) and then grabbed my arm with one hand and drove his elbow so far into my shoulder I thought I was getting a transplant and he was my donor (not so great).  For those who have yet to experience a typical Chinese style massage - this is not atypical.  It is a more aggressive style but often times the massage therapists choose not to use their entire body weight to dig into one appendage.  My massage therapist chose to waive that option.  Once my shoulders had been sufficiently pummeled, he moved on to my feet.  A lot of massage and particularly this style of massage are about pressure points.  This guy dug his knuckle so far into the soft middle of my foot, I think I temporarily went deaf.  I tasted purple.  On the second foot he was kind enough to notice my eyelids squeezing together and the grimace on the rest of my face and politely asked "too hard?"  "Umm yes, a little" I managed to whimper.  To complete my foot "massage" he punched my heels and slapped the balls of my feet so hard I felt like I owed him child support.After he was done with my feet, I was told to flip over and he started on my back.I think this guy's picture is on the wall at the nearest battered women's shelter.  There was a mixture of elbows, knuckles, and open hand slapping that occurred on various portions of my back.  Every time he'd come down with an elbow he'd put his entire body weight onto that specific point.  There were times I thought he brought over a friend to help put even more weight on this pressure point.  On the bright side, various parts of my body touched each other that'd never previously made contact.  My spine was like "well hello left nipple, at last we meet!"  Each time he put his whole body into it, he'd mutter something in Chinese which I can only imagine was something to the effect of "take it, take it, take it white devil!"  But my Chinese is a little rough, so you'll have to excuse if that's not the literal translation.For the last 5 minutes of the massage I just couldn't stop giggling.  I laugh when I have to endure long periods of pain.  I grimace for about the first 10 minutes and then I just start chuckling.  This ordeal was my sister's treat so when we got back to the car I told her I couldn't believe she paid $25 to have me beaten up.  Next time I want to get the snot beat out of me, I'll save my sister the money and just go to prison.
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,8/22/2010,117,123,16,20,17>When I moved here from Charleston, South Carolina as a kid, I had my charming Southern accent mocked out of me by the cruelty of a Pacific NW public school classroom. Oh how I wish I could school those punks form Ms. Lee's class. Instead, I can find refuge in Casper's and school Yelpers on how to enjoy a fine dinner at this joint.PREREQS: This is SOUTHERN FOOD at it's best. Unpretentious, without regard for portion control, completely deep-fried, messy, and completely UN-Seattle. You must have a high comfort level for food and recipes developed in some of the nation's most obese states, and you must fully believe that sweet tea or coke can "cut" the grease in a meal. ORIENTATION DAY: You order at the counter for take out, otherwise you grab menus and a table. The waitresses will kindly change out the butcher paper for you from the last diner's greasy carnage, and replenish the toilet plungers with fresh paper towels. NOTE that Monday nights are all-you-can-eat Catfish for $13, and Wednesdays are all-you-can-eat ribs for about $20.101: Order the combo appertizer basket to whet your appetite: fried okra, HUSH PUPPIES like I have never had outside of the BIble Belt, fried banana peppers (who knew?!) and fried pickles. 201: The family bucket (with your choice of ribs, catfish, gator or chicken with baked beans, potato salad and cornbread) claims to feed a family of four. It will if that family of four has another family of four over for dinner.301: Get an order of the ribs! These slow-smoked babies are so fork tender, when I went to pick one up with said fork, the bone literally fell out of it. My mom could have eaten these WITHOUT her dentures in! Be forewarned, one supper probably easily feeds 2 adults, or 4 skinny-jeaned hipsters.ELECTIVES: Highly recommended sides: baked beans (so sweet with big juicy ham bits!), fried green tomatoes, fried okra (crisp little nuggets of goodness, just enough green to fool you into believing you ate a veggie), and I already told you about those hush puppies, but the recommendation merits repeating.GRADUATION: We walked away food-drunk and happy, and with a takeout box--nay, an aluiminum caterering tray--of leftovers to enjoy the next day. or more realistically, late that night. I'll be back more often. And I'll be a little bit fatter.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,8/21/2010,155,124,30,22,20>THIS IS AN IMPORTANT FREE-FISH-FRYING/STEAMING-SERVICE SEAFOOD UPDATE:They steam crabs for free, too, before 8 pm! You might already know this. I kind of knew this, just never tried it. I was already a habitual abuser (@ least once a week) of their complimentary fish cleaning and fry service (pompano, golden pomfret, tilapia, catfish, milkfish, and mackerel being my top faves), but had never tried out the live dungeness crab idea.The tank is huge. I didn't pick mine out, and trusted them...OK, maybe i am lying, but i was too passive aggressive to argue. The crabs looked feisty enough, and felt heavy, and after i gave them a quick love-rub as they sat on the scale i trusted they were good for eating. Poor dears!$4.95 a lb is the rate as of this 2010 July. Not bad when you don't have to bother with your own steaming. The service is sometimes brisk and surly from the Chinese(?) seafood manager, and often more flirty and friendly from the Hispanic(?) co-workers, but it's only because things are busy as hell back there and he is a man who is direct and wants to know what you need when you need, it or move on to the next person. The language barriers here are pretty daunting and isolating to the English-only speaker, so you are going to be on your own if you come with a lot of questions. It can either be frustrating or fun to learn...depending on how far you've had to come or your mood (i live close-by and get off on this type of craziness, so it's totally my bag!).Anyway. They gave me my little red ticket for my order and i waited ten minutes (standard) for my steam service (they don't deep-fry crab here...although, can you imagine if they DID?). Well..i came back about 20 after shopping, and grabbed my warm foil packet. Be careful! The crabs emit a lot of brownish juice (yum, i swear) and they don't tie the bags, so keep it upright until checkout. Then tie it securely.WHEN YOU GET HOME:*PLEASE NOTE. They did not clean my crab. Actually, i have gone back for crabs several times, and each time, i am glad they do not. You know why?TOMALLEY (AKA THE "hepatopancreas"). costaricatourguide.org/h… This is always discarded when you get your crab cleaned at some ridiculously-priced restaurant or supermarket. It's the mustardy and purple-colored liver, and tastes like candy. Why some people throw it out blows me away and renders them half-witted. Don't rob yourself.And THE "CRAB BUTTER"... Oh my god, scoop it right out of that crab's skull like the delicate white custard out of a soft-boiled egg. It's almost like beginner's uni! Some info on it is on this page, as well as info on how to pick out a good dungie: montereyfish.com/seafood…All that juice that comes out is great to mop up with some hot, buttery toast. Yummmmm, i want another crab from my Ranch 99! I love you, i love you, i love you!Also...don't forget to buy some king oyster mushrooms here. You won't get your giant earth phalli anywhere else in Edmonds! And pick up some cheap gai lan or i will punch you!*joy
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,8/20/2010,117,196,11,17,16>Fantasy, rainbows, and circus chicanery with a dash of sexy and sweet - that's where to start with Unicorn. If you're already making a sour face, then just walk away right now and go someplace else. Maybe to the hundreds of other laid back, down home, super chill casual to the max spots around town. There's nothing wrong with kicking back with a brew in a low key atmosphere, but that's not why you come to Unicorn.The lighting is low to medium, the colors are bright, and everyone seems to be having a great time. Open. Free. Happy. Laughing. There was no sign of the 'Seattle Freeze' here the night a couple of friends and I headed here for some drinks to check out the place. It was sort of like playing "Robot Unicorn Attack" in its awesomeness - before you know it you're singing along and dancing to Erasure, enamored by the dolphins and don't even care who sees you.Unicorn is Magical. I said it. MAGICAL.(Also, whenever I say the name I say it like a scene from "The Last Unicorn": Uuuuuuuuuuu-nicorn! UUUUUUUUU-nicorn! - in a quasi falsetto.)I had a hard time deciding because the names were pure genius. My friend settled on the My Little Pony, which tastes exactly as sweet and boozy as you'd expect, a bit fizzy from the 7-up. I think she said it was like if "the My Little Pony's candy raver cousin Pwnies opened a bar and dance club - this would be their signature drink". Another friend had the Plush and I finally settled on the Happy Ending (a mimosa-esque drink with St. Germaine) with a side of Unicorn Balls (pork meatballs with a white aioli type sauce that was pretty bland).The Unicorn Balls would be a good snack at $6 - pretty big & flavorful aside from the drizzle of sauce. They're also crisp on the outside with some sort of breading, so it's probably not the healthiest option. I'm looking forward to trying out the rest of the menu as well as their Happy Hour.Plenty of seating, and good for groups. I'd heard it described as a "hipster bar" but I think that's inaccurate. I can't think of another place on the hill that's as unabashedly FUN as Unicorn is trying to be. They don't seem to take themselves too seriously, and  that's the perfect reason to swing by and hang for awhile.
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,8/19/2010,42,140,11,12,13>This place is so much fun! and they practically give their food away! Went here for a bday party on Saturday night. HH started at 8pm, so we took full advantage of their super cheap menu. I had the bbq pork banh mi, garlic chicken wings, and shrimp spring rolls. Food total = $9.50. The sandwich and wings were delicious - my only gripe was with the rolls, which were predominantly lettuce and came w/ a bland sauce. Other than that, flavors and quality were very good. Everyone seemed really happy with what they ordered.Drink specials were fantastic as well ($2.75 beers and $4 wines). My Crown on the rocks was a generous pour and only set me back $7/pop. Lucky for us, it was karaoke night, so there was no need to venture out elsewhere. The stage became aglow with bouncing lights, beckoning the "singers" in our group to get the party started! Unfortunately, we had to share the stage with a group of popstar wannabes who were all too willing to monopolize the mic and flex their vocal muscles as much and as often as possible. They belted, they trilled, they postured in front of make-believe cameras, they did their best Britney and Xtina imitations. We, on the other hand, sucked, but had a blast anyway. (A small dance floor also made for some good times!)Service was on point all night, and we weren't even charged a cake-cutting fee (thank you!). Best of all, we were spared the usual check-splitting headache at the end of the night since our waitress created separate tabs for everyone. Awesome.Great specials, top-notch service, and fun entertainment in a cute, laidback setting. Already looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2006,4/15/2006,470,585,2,7,5>My fiance and I wanted to go to lunch without the kids at the Restaurante Paradiso in Kirkland but they are closed for lunch on Sundays. We wandered into Reality Coffee (also excellent!) and the friendly barista enthusiastically recommended Maggiano's so we decided to give it a try.Parking was easy and free in the new underground parking garage. Mid-afternoon Sunday is a GREAT time to go; we waited about five minutes to be seated at a grand high-backed booth facing into one of the dining rooms.We decided to do the $26.50 per person prixe fixe "family style" menu even though I've had gastric bypass and can't eat very much since they promised to pack up the leftovers for us.Everything was really good. Sure, it's a chain, but Italian food CAN be done quite badly and this was not; it was clearly homemade and was many steps above Olive Garden and the like.The onion strings are divine, the salads excellent, the chicken parm perfectly made, the gnocci with tomato vodka sauce was competent, the lasagna with meat sauce was fantastic (probably my favorite item), and the desserts were big and delicious. The veal parm wasn't worth the $4 per person upcharge, and I wish the fried mozzarella appetizer was in the form of sticks instead of a slab of cheese, but even those things were good, just not outstanding. The sauces were all excellent and everything was presented attractively on huge platters and bowls.Greg was our server and I have to say, I don't often feel like waitstaff is genuinely happy to be doing the job these days, but Greg clearly was. He was gracious and amusing without annoying us during a romantic meal. Other servers who replenished our drinks (often, and unobtrusively) got my Diet Coke with a slice of lime order right without me reminding them about the lime... given how many times I get a lemon or no lime when ordering the drink the FIRST time, I was pleased. As I left the dining room, Greg told me that it had been his pleasure to serve us, and while it's a stunningly old-fashioned sentiment, I think he really meant it, and it was nice to hear it, a pleasant end to an enjoyable meal.The price is a little high but you do get a lot of very good food, and it's all-you-can-eat, so they will bring you more as soon as you ask. When we take our two kids (kids are fairly charged $14.95 for the family style) it will seem like a better value because they can eat a lot when they're hungry. Family style would be a complete waste of money if you weren't very hungry, and then the prices would seem a bit high, but I'd say it's still much better than Cheesecake Factory or Claim Jumper where the food seems more mass-produced and the waitstaff and decor are not nearly as pleasant.Other diners seemed to be enjoying themselves and the other food that we saw also looked and smelled good.I can't imagine waiting more than a half hour for a table anywhere with a 6 year old and an 11 year old, so we will probably only go on weekend afternoons when it's not quite so busy. If you like to be in a place that's going full swing, I'm sure it would be a fun place to people-watch while enjoying a groaning big meal during a weekend evening. The bar is beautiful and might be another good option when it's really busy.The leftovers are packed in nice foil containers with reheating instructions printed on the lids and it's a sign of the food quality that we ate ALL of the leftovers within two days... often leftovers come home with us and get thrown away two weeks later, untouched. The food was excellent and I enjoyed it when it was reheated too; like anything with a tomato sauce, it often tastes even better the next day.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2006,4/14/2006,3,10,4,4,3>It's East meets West.  This folks....  this is the Safeway of Vietnam.  Right in our backyards.  After I first discovered it I used to spend hours staring at their seafood department... most of which stares right back.  It's not for the Vegans but this place has it all.  If you are Vegetarian or don't really want to pet the Geo ducks then by all means head to the produce section.  They have a full line of both western and eastern fruits and veggies.  There are things I don't know what to call in some of those bins.  Then there are some things I just have a fascination with.  Like the Dorian fruit.... I don't know what one tastes like but I love to stare at them.  Then there's the value.  Look at the price of canned coconut milk next time you're at QFC or Safeway... then think about this $0.59/can.  How you like them coconuts?  That's pretty much consistent throughout the store.  Now since I've moved north to the CD I often frequent the convenient location at 12th and Jackson.  It's not quite as big a space but they have crammed most of the same goodies in their space.  The Seafood department is a little less zoo like which is why I still miss the MLK location and sometimes stop by when I'm in the neighborhood even if it's just to grab a Guava Juice and stare at the Li Xung catfish.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2006,4/13/2006,83,61,4,5,3>I have a certain level of ambivalence about this place. On the one hand, the chairs are uncomfortable, the table too low, and the giant single room with the tile floor and bare walls make for an echoey, noisy place. On the other hand, their lasagna (sorry - "lasagne") is made of homemade (restaurantmade?) pasta that is akin to filo, with a fluffy ricotta that transforms it into lasagna mousse (hat-tip to Keith), and the ravioli is downright flavorful. The antipasto and freshly made bread are also worthwhile.Next time I'll probably just take the tray of lasagna (sorry - "lasagne") to go.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2006,4/12/2006,5,19,3,9,4>How about a review that works....Like the staff at Mae Phim.********No credit cards or checks.  CASH ONLY*********A definate 'need to know' in modern lunchtime dining. I just happened to have cash on me when I went in.  If I hadn't, I may have gone someplace else.Cashew Chicken... Delish! I sat down and ordered and my plate was delivered in less than 3 minutes.  I didn't even have time to open my soda. Everything was fresh. I felt like every item in the food was prepped at the shop.. No pre-cut vegetables here.By the way.. SAM H- if the food burns your gut all day (even delightfully) you should consider dialing back the heat or use an antacid. Ulcers suck... seriously.$6.85 was the final damage. I would guess they charge about a buck for the soda since the lunch special was $5.50.  But hey, that is still a good price.  I will go back and try some of the Curry.  Get away from your desk and check this place out.  Good and Fast and Cheap.... That doesn't make any sence.  Nothing is good, fast AND cheap.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2006,4/11/2006,44,119,1,2,3>I was so glad to have stopped in for dinner here after a year away from Seattle.  Amy and James (the owners) are both fantastic chefs, and James has a wealth of knowledge about what tasty wines you might want to try with your meal.  I went with two friends, and we all quite happily snarfed down our meals.  We started with the taramasalata (always tasty), and I had sturgeon (I love it when there's a nicely seasoned pan seared crust on a good piece of fish!) with asparagus and oyster mushrooms and a parsnip skordalia as my main course.  My friends had the ribeye with gorgonzola butter (huge, perfectly cooked to med/rare) and chicken yum yum.  Both were equally delighted with their choices.  This is a great place to go for any occasion from romantic dinner for two to a girls 'civilized' night out.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2006,4/10/2006,11,63,,3,1>One of several spots to get some delicious pho on the Ave. Incredibly fast service and very reasonable prices. A decent vegetarian soup offering and tasty fresh spring rolls make this place worth a stop. They're almost identical to another spot down the street... I think that's mentioned in another review, too. The only difference I've noticed is that one serves carrots and the other serves broccoli in their veggie pho -- but never both. This one, if I recall correctly, is the carrot place. :)Credit cards accepted, but they'll tack on about 50 cents if you don't order a minimum amount. Parking's relatively easy; park for free on the street after 6:00 (or meter parking before then).
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2006,4/8/2006,65,357,,4,2>I'm trying to stay away from five stars because it means they're flawless, and I believe nothing is flawless, except Boathouse Sushi and Boom Boom Beauty Bar.  Oh, and Dr. Shaw.Costco.com sold us our 4 piece living room set recently.  We received the 'white glove'  delivery.  They deliver the set, unwrap it, and take away any debris.  It worked out great and the furniture is better than expected, so we ordered an additional piece the same day we received our initial set.  The Larado 4 piece leather living room set.  Look it up.  It's soft and well made and just beautiful.  I highly recommend purchasing furniture from Costco.com because you receive what you're ordering and if you decide you don't care for it, you can always just load it up and take it to your nearest Costco Warehouse for a full refund.  Is THAT cool or WHAT??  What other furniture store will even speak with you if issues arise, let alone REFUND your money IN FULL!!!
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2006,4/7/2006,120,419,2,4,4>4 or 5 stars? 4 or 5 stars? No no, not the rating, the spiciness. :) This is, by far, my favorite Thai spot on the east side... I've tried just about all of them in Redmond and Bellevue and most in Kirkland and there is really nothing as good. Try the crispy garlic chicken (with deep fried basil).  Also, panang curry is good, but for me the true test is the Phad Thai... very  consistently good. It does have a little bit redder hue than fish-sauce only places. Some people have a preference one way or another (I prefer redder).  Don't go at noon during a weekday unless you have a few extra minutes to wait.The one downfall of Chantanee is that there are no lunch combo's. I wish they had combos.... you know Phad Thai with Panang Curry. Then I'd be set.My boss also says it's noisy and I agree... but I'm there for the food.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2005,4/6/2006,60,614,8,1,1>Oh my!  ---wildly fans self to cool down---  This place gets my imagination rolling and the blood flowing!  After visiting,  the question comes to mind,  "what do we need men for?"
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2006,4/5/2006,2,22,,3,2>Ray's was my first seafood experience here in Seattle.  Overall, it was quite good.  My wife had some oysters which she claimed to be very good.  All the fish we ate was fresh and tasty as well.  My first complaint would be that everything was a bit pricey, but given the food qualitiy, it was acceptable.  Also, the atmosphere was a bit stuffy.  We chose to dine upstairs in the "cafe", but it really didn't seem that different than the downstairs.  We're in our late 20's and we felt like the youngest people in the place.  Overall, though, if you're looking for some good, fresh fish, Ray's shouldn't disappoint.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2009,10/25/2009,64,88,9,8,9>One of the greatest things about taking staycation days is the chance to do all sorts of random things that, obviously, you normally can't.  This led me to look for a weekday breakfast spot.  To my dismay, many of my go-to, favorite brunch restaurants are weekends only. Thankfully, Wild Mountain is serving up yummy morning fare every day ('cept Tuesdays, as the menu states) until 4pm.  Previous trips to Wild Mountain have been full of well-cooked scrambles and eggs benedict.  This time, however, I decided to go for the one menu item I often consider but pass for something more traditional - the Tower of Power.  One must love potatoes and garlic to get this dish.  Trust me, my friends, I definitely hold those two foods on a pedestal.  The Tower of Power is two garlic potato pancakes topped with sauteed veggies and a little bit of cheese.  To be truly gluttonous, I also ordered the side of scrambled eggs so I would feel I was getting a tiny bit of protein on this otherwise carb bomb.  Sweet, sweet, carb bomb.   While I wolfed my food, my boyfriend did the same with the Huevos Rancheros.  He said it was a little heavy on the enchilada sauce but I barely got my fork in there to try it before it was gone.All this great food is successfully nestled in a converted house with surprisingly nice ambience despite there being a lot of tables in the joint.  The staff has always been very cool and attentive.  All in all, it's rapidly becoming one of my favorite for brunch eats.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,10/24/2009,113,373,5,5,5>Waitress walks up: Welcome, have you been here before?Me: Not here, but I basically consider myself one of Ethan's (Stowell) old friends.. though we've never meetWaitress: Oh, yeah, really, he's my husband!So yeah, I'd say they're into it, and the experience was stunning.I think the best way to describe Anchovies and Olives is to say it's the only place in town that you can get really fresh, great raw fish preparations and not be in a Sushi house.  It's terribly refreshing and it's all so good.From the pasta's to the simple sashimi style slices of fresh fish.  Just so great.
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,10/23/2009,39,78,12,6,7>Before last Sunday, had you said: "there is another place in Seattle as good as Café Besalu."  I would have replied: "BLASPHEMER! A POX ON YOU!"  Then I would have thrown a rock at you and poured an espresso on your bleeding head.But today, I say to you, wow, we have another one.  Another bakery than can pack a whole stick of butter into a pastry.  And wonderfully so.  I don't have a beer gut, rather I have a pain au chocolate tummy.  And Honore shall help me grow.To settle the dispute (which I shall start now) over who is better, I offer that they throw down at my house any time they so please.  I will be the decider.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,10/22/2009,27,96,8,9,6>I got drunk at Mission for the first time in over a year (see: pregnancy, motherhood).  The last drink was tasty, but the first one was perfect.Main dishes were pretty good.  It was nice to do Mexican without feeling my arteries clogging through the whole meal.  I felt very daring ordering a seafood burrito, but it had a great mix of flavors and wasn't nearly as heavy as versions I've tried elsewhere.The desserts were hit-and-miss.  The fry bread was huge but kind of boring; the molten chocolate cake had a weird texture and weak flavor.  I'd head to Cupcake Royale instead.The atmosphere was a bit loud, but conversations did occur.  Service was friendly, fast, and (my husband's standard) attractive.But the main reason I'll return is that I can get $25 Mission gift certificates for $10 on Restaurants.com.  WOOHOO!
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,10/21/2009,79,135,8,9,9>I haven't been to the middle America or the South to try the REAL BBQ, but as a meat expert...trust me, I have tried many different kinds of meat from different places.  AND, I would have to say RoRo is the goods.   How do I make the judgment?  1. flavor, 2. juiciness and tenderness and 3. the sauce.  1. Flavor was there.  That classic smoky hickory flavor was perfectly balanced with the meatiness.  Sometimes I find BBQ places overdo on the smoky flavor.  I personally think it takes away the meaty flavor away.  That was NoNo for RoRo.  They balanced the smoky flavor perfectly with that deep meaty flavor of ribs.   2. Tenderness?  Forget about it.  It was literally falling off the bones.  No need for silverware.  I just took the ribs and gently pulled it apart.  It did all the work itself.  It dissipated in my mouth.  Other thing is that when I pulled it apart, juice dripped off of it.  Yes, it was that moist.  Even before I put it in my mouth I knew it was going to be good.  3. They had 4-5 different sauces.  All really good.  I went between the Spicy and RoRo.  The sauces did not stand out on their own.  They were good with the meat.  That is always what I am looking for.  Again, a lot of times sauces take over the meat.  RoRo sauces were all complimentary to the meat even their spiciest sauce didn't take over the flavor.  BBQ's highlight is the meat not the smokiness of it or the sauce on it.Lastly, the wait was VERY LONG but they still had great service.  huh? what?  What do you mean, Won?  That' because the server came over and apologized and explained why it was taking a long time.  She even gave us some corn bread and corn to chow on while we waited.  This is great service.  To me great service doesn't have to be fast but informative.  I just need to know when I am going to eat.  I say the food here is 4 stars but service bumped it up to 5.  I was very impressed with the service here.  Hidden between Fremont and Wallingford this is my new favorite of the month.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,10/20/2009,36,87,11,12,12>RIZZO FOR PRESIDENT!Holy crap, this tiny little french dip sandwich shop is DELICIOUS. Been here twice now (in about a 10-day span), and every day at lunch time, I'm craving more. I love how they offer only one item: They've mastered it and leave it at that. I'd much rather have one choice of something amazing, than 12 choices of mediocrity.It's cheap too. One sandwich and one drink will run you around $7, and you will be full for the rest of the day. The meat is extremely flavorable, and the bread is top notch. I love how it is soaked in the au jus sauce, rather than you dipping it in. It's so much easier to eat, and it's maximum au jus goodness. If you had to dip your sandwich in a side au jus, there's no way you'd get that ratio of bread:meat:sauce.The guys are hilarious too. Everytime we go there, they strike up a conversation, tell you a joke, ask you questions on how to better the place. Super nice guys, and I hope they continue to do well.I will be continuing to get my sandwich on at Rizzo's every chance I can get.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,10/19/2009,167,420,14,20,11>Oh lord, did I almost die here yesterday. I took my friend here for his 21st birthday dinner and the three of us left the store waddling. The owners are always so generous and nice and everything is extremely inexpensive. Food: We got the vegetarian combo and was going to get the meat combo but they were out of certain types of meat. Instead we got lamb "kibs" and the owner threw in some extra meat just because she is kind. Talk about delicious. No other Ethiopian in Seattle comes even close (as by boyfriend said, "In retrospect, I am disappointed by our last Ethiopian dinner"). Everything was flavored perfectly, not too oily, and even the fresh salad had a great sour tang to it. Yum yum. The meat was cooked with care, nice and tender. The veggies were something else entirely...if only Americans could make veggies taste like that...we wouldn't even have an obesity problem in this country. You hear that, Texas??? Price: Guava juice was $1.50. Drinks should always be this cheap. For an extremely filling dinner for 3 it was only $30. Not bad, not bad. We could've had plenty of leftovers if we weren't so greedy.Ambiance: Ok, the neighborhood sucks. Ok, the best thing within a 10 block radius is Money Tree and Pho Bac. So what? Inside the restaurant there is cute decor, a nice clean restroom, and the owner lady even brought out a fan for us. How sweet. We definitely tipped. Service: Everyone there is so nice. The owner couple came and greeted us personally. Aw. Bottom line: GO, goddammit. They are a great business so bring lots of people. What a wonderful, homey place to eat.
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2009,10/18/2009,124,267,5,6,8>Those 4 stars are based on their weekend brunch buffet.  I haven't tried anything off their regular menu.  Buffets don't tend to wow me...ever.  Usually quality of the food goes down in order to increase the quanity.  And to be honest, the cooked food at the Salty's buffet was pretty much in line with my general opinion of buffets.  "Ehhh, it's ok..."  The four stars is really for the amount of quality  seafood at this buffet.  The freshly shucked oysters, the crab, the mussels, smoked salmon, and on and on...wow.  It was impressive.  And the dessert selection was pretty impressive as well.  I especially loved the chocolate fountain...you can pretty much skewer whatever you want (they have a wide variety of fruits) and stick it under the fountain to coat it.  Yummy.  I could've stayed there all day.  :)
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,10/17/2009,59,61,7,10,7>I have an ugly confession to make.  I am addicted to smelly cheese.  The stinky stuff, like Pont D'Eveque, Camembert, and Limburger, is my favorite.  Quality Cheese, adjacent to Frank's Produce in the Pike Place Market, is the place where I feed my cheese addiction. They offer the same cheese as De Laurenti's, but at a much better price. Any given day you'll find a variety of cheeses from the US, Italy, and France. They also have four different kinds of specialty pate in the glass case. Check out the barrels of olives behind the counter...cured, nicoise, and greek. I can't go a week without at least two bags. You don't have to be Thurston Howell III to feel at home at Quality Cheese.  Highbrow food aside, they also stock food for the average Joe: small bags of domestic Parmesan, Cheddar from Wisconsin, Swiss for summertime sandwiches, and local salami. Grab a baguette from around the corner at Three Sister's Bakery and you have food for a perfect Waterfront picnic.
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,10/16/2009,290,767,10,11,8>So after wondering around downtown after shopping on a Sunday afternoon (one of the first nice ones this spring), a friend and I decided we wanted a glass of wine.  Now we figured this would be pretty easy.  Turns out not.  Place after place either wasn't open (since it was between lunch and dinner) or didn't serve alcohol.  After searching high and low I used my handy dandy phone and found out that Barolo was having happy hour at that time, so off we went.When we approached it really looked like the place was closed, but thankfully, they were open.  They offered to let us sit at the bar but when we asked nicely they let us sit in the two couches with a small table in-between that was off to the side.  It seemed the bar area was the area mostly open, and the place was nearly empty.After sitting down and doing some math, we decided since it was a fabulous day an entire bottle of wine was in order since it was only $14 during happy hour.  That's right, $14 for a bottle of red in a decent place.  We were giddy with excitement.  We weren't particularly hungry but with the though of the two of us finishing off a bottle together, we decided some nibbles were probably a good idea.  We decided on the tomato and mozzarella caprese.  It was quite yummy and for $4.50 it was a great deal.Our waitress was adorable and the sweetest girl ever.  She came over and giggled with us as we watched a quite drunk woman falling off her barstool (in the afternoon of a Sunday) and her male accompaniment trying not to be too creepy toward her (though he didn't succeed).  She was more accommodating as my friend and I sat there for quite some time chatting, catching up, and sipping on our bottle of wine.  The manager, or I presume he was the manager, even came over to see how things were doing and chatted with us for a few minutes.Overall, it was a really great day due in part to the company and due in part to the atmosphere.  I'm not sure how it would be when it was super crowded, but I think a lazy Sunday afternoon happy hour will be had many more times here!
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2006,11/18/2006,23,102,2,5,2>Ballard is pure bliss, folks, and if you don't believe me, try cafe besalu.  $2 for a croissant (order 2 with jam), $2 for coffee (LIGHTHOUSE, 25c refills) and $4 for quiche, all of which culminate the fluffy love that brings me to write this review.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2006,11/16/2006,83,61,7,3,4>Holy Moses! I just had the best cream of asparagus soup of my entire life (so far) here at the luncheonette counter.So just ignore the fact that it was lukewarm; and ignore the desultory staff, including that cute blonde who you're pretty sure actually does *work* here even though she literally did nothing the entire 20 minutes you were there unless you count chatting it up with the cute guy sitting at the end of the counter; and ignore how their press-grill (think George Foreman) flattened their lovely thick sourbread grilled cheese sandwich into a 1/4 inch-thick cheesy discus. Because, when you get right down to it, all of that is secondary when you have a hankerin' for really top-notch soup and sandwiches.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2006,11/15/2006,104,107,4,10,7>Here is the catch, this place is not open to the general public. But if you have a business license or have a florist friend, then you are all golden.  I come here a lot to shop for my floral business.  Come here early with your coffee and dress warm.  They are open from insanely early (5 or 6 in the morning) to 2pm.  Half of the warehouse is filled with hard goods such as ribbons, candles, containers, vases, etc.  The other half is filled with all sorts of fresh cut seasonal and perennial flowers.  I like walking through the flower lined aisles looking at the different varieties, colors and stopping once in awhile to smell the roses.  I also like making up names of flowers when friends ask me what they are and I have no idea :)
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2006,11/13/2006,21,17,17,7,11>Just put my wet boots up on the coffee table and the sweet assed owner of Argento, is it Fasil or Basil?, just smiles and says "Dyke, get your lesbo feet off my coffee table. You want no fat milk with that coffee? I've got homemade black bean and mushroom soup, let me give you a taste. Do you like these jeans? They make my ass look cute, don't they?"   The wireless is fast and furious and I sip my coffee watching a slow but steady stream of regulars come in to get some tough love and a warm, soft cinnamon roll with Fasil's favorite... peanut butter spread on top.
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2006,11/12/2006,163,911,9,6,4>While I wouldn't quite go to the 5 star level, this is still a pretty cool bar.  Think Sitting Room or Viceroy style (two of my favorites) with a more down to earth and ecletic feel.  Reading the drink menu is quite entertaining.  I opted for "The Hemingway", which is a beer, shot of tequila and cigar.  Cool, although I was disappointed it didn't come with a shotgun.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2006,11/11/2006,317,792,5,11,11>At first I thought I wouldn't be able to write an insightful review of this restaurant because I was so focused on the company that I didn't pay a lot of attention to the service. Then I realized my lack of awareness was due to such unobtrusive and flawless service that I didn't need to pay attention. Wine was poured, cheese and pepper were grated, and appetizers were served smoothly and efficiently. Adjectives like "quiet" and "gracious" come to mind. I highly appreciate "quiet" and "gracious" in my life. The restaurant itself isn't all that quiet. We had a party of 8, but it wasn't a really large table and I still couldn't hear much of what was going on at the other lively end. The sound seems to echo in the large space with high ceilings that still manages to feel intimate even with the noise. The long draperies, white linens and dim lighting contribute to intimacy, though I had to squint a little to make out the menu.The squinting was worth it. Carpaccio was passed that melted like the finest sashimi. Bruschetta with a salmon mousse, a red wine with a bouquet that made me want to hold the glass to my nose all night. I didn't. It wasn't actually my glass and I only just met some of these people. I'll save bad manners for later. I had Ravioli di Capriolo with venison, spinach and wild mushrooms. I had no idea that Bambi could be cooked so well. Sorry, couldn't resist, but really, this was nothing like the hunk of venison my father came home with after a bow hunting trip. Tender, rich, and perfectly complemented. Carmine's, not my dad's. They bring a dessert tray, so if you think you can pass up temptation with those sweet beauties staring at you and begging to be eaten, think again. Terrell and I split a divine tiramisu - the best I've ever had and deserving of its reputation - and the rich, smooth coffee was a perfect ending.Which brings me to the company and the first Yelp Supper Club. When's the next one? I'm so there. The fact that we spent 3 hours over dinner, and not because service was slow, should tell you something. We were never rushed. Miss Mary Ann, Terrell, Michelle, Anna, Sam, Sara, Jan - thank you all for a truly fabulous evening.
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2006,11/10/2006,0,0,3,10,6>I discovered Pho Tic Tac when I didn't feel like waiting in the long line at Gorditos across the street. It was a good discovery. PTT is located in an awkward section of 85th Ave N. where there is no street parking, and no parking lot (I've since discovered it's around back). What I like: Vegetarian Pho and Bun with PorkThe atmosphere here is the reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. It's fairly uninspired, most likely the same furniture from the previous owners. Though there is always a place to sit. If there is nobody there when you arrive, don't worry, none of the Asian restaurants in Greenwood are ever busy, not sure why that is.If you've had Pho in Seattle, you've probably been to Than Brothers. If you've had their vegetarian Pho, then you probably don't like vegetarian pho. At Pho Tic Tac, you actually get a lot of vegetables, that are fresh, crisp, and tasty, alongside a healthy amount of fried Tofu. You get a choice of meat or vegetarian broth, which is nice, since I'm not a vegetarian, I appreciate the more flavorful meat broth.The other item I order is #36, Bun, a traditional dish of rice noodles, lettuce, basil, sprouts, chopped peanuts, grilled onions and either grilled pork or chicken. It's all topped with a sweet and salty fish sauce. This is definitely one of my favorite things to eat, and PTT seems to get it right every time.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2006,11/9/2006,2,11,6,6,4>I cannot say enough about this guy. I fear that once I start with the superlatives, they will not end. Suffice to say, he and his office staff are extraordinary!But let's get down to brass tacks. I knew there was something special about him from early in our relationship. You know...he has a certain "je ne sais quoiz" about him. I wasn't really able to pinpoint it until he asked me about my smile. He inquired if I were happy with it. My response reflected my lack of knowledge about the subject matter at hand. Little did I know my smile was actually quite hideous. Without making me self-conscious he further asked if I would be open to seeing what he could make my smile look like. "Why not?" I said, "Go for it."In a short while he came back with a "smile design." And it blew me away. Sure it was going to involve more work. But how could I say no. He took the time to point out the differences between my 20 year old porcelain crown and bridge work, and the new and improved version. WOW! I could really see a big difference. And most importantly, he promised--emphatically promised--that my new smile would get me laid. Yup, that's right. He knows what's important in life, and makes no bones about it. This really is the new face of dentistry.So we proceeded with the work but it was gonna take some time to complete. From the very first set of temporary dental teeth he had in place, I knew I made the right decision. He was right. He has gotten me laid, again and again. Can your dentist do that? I have had many complements on my "new grille." I kid you not. The first of the lot was from my recent ex-beau. Before we hooked-up he said to me, "you have the most beautiful teeth." I know it's kinda cheesy. But what can I say? Those teeth weren't even the real deal, they were temporary. And now that I got the real deal? Well, what can I say. I'm getting some play. Actually, getting quite a lot. Fine azz sexy men, all over my stuff. Yumm...Okay, so you say you need more than just gratuitous sex appeal? How about this...The dental suite is no ordinary aseptic environment. It's a state of art, au moderne, 21st century environment. Yeah, yeah. It's all about the glass encased dental pods with raw concrete finishes, saturated colors, and stainless steel accents. You are no longer just a common patient in a nondescript medical office building. Enter the dental suite of Dr. Ryan and you are enveloped in an atmosphere of comfort and care. Flat screen TVs and iPods? You bet. They await for your entertainment as you settle into their leather chairs. No this isn't the stuffy sterile dentist of your childhood. This place is over the top. They really do care about your experience.All that said, at the end of the day it really is about high-quality dental care. Whether it's just a cleaning and filling of cavities, or in my case a major overall of your smile, you can expect to get the very best dental science has to offer. I know I sound a little zealous but I've got good reason. Dr. Ryan Tennant, or Ryan as he prefers to be called, really helped me turn my life around. Without getting into the details, just know this guy "gets it." Big time. He's a bit geeky but that's what I love about him. He really loves teeth, understands the importance of a good smile, and is totally devoted to providing the best care.Ryan's practice is new. Check him out. He really is the "new face of dentistry." You can count on it. I did. And it got me laid. Time and again. Just like he promised.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2006,11/8/2006,63,97,4,5,4>Complaints about greasiness and venue "dirtiness"? This place is classic! I would drop a few dollars at Dicks over McDonald's any day.Transparent paper bags from wrinkly greasy fries and mis-aligned burgers? These burgers have personality - something you can't say the Big Mac has. 5-stars! But I'll only go here once a month. I enjoy the idea of making it through life without a heart-attack.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2006,11/7/2006,16,55,,5,5>The first thing I needed to find upon moving was a massage therapist.  Before I moved, I managed a therapeutic massage office,  so I knew exactly what I was looking for.  I was looking for an office with multiple therapists with varied schedules who were focused on total wellness and the needs of each individual; not a trendy day spa where there is a generic massage routine that  every therapist must follow for fear of people having unique experiences.  Dreamclinic has 12 massage therapists.  I would see any one of them.  Every massage that I have had starts with a discussion with the therapist about what you want to gain from the massage - be it relief from pain in a very specific area, general relaxation, etc., you can be sure that you will get what you are looking for.  The rates for massage are very comparable for the Seattle area (based on my knowedge from calling places all over).  An added benefit - if you refer people to Dreamclinic after you've gone there, you will get a certificate for 30 minutes to be added to your next massage (which I think is awesome!).
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2006,4/25/2006,5,8,3,3,4>Every other barista in Seattle needs to come here and learn what CUSTOMER SERVICE really means.  The coffee's great, and I appreciate that the owners offer fair-trade brew.  Now with beer and wine on the scene, this has more of a Montmartre-Paris 'feel' about it.  Small, yes; unpretentious, YES.  I'll be back---for the coffee, for the eye candy behind the counter (you know who you are), and everything that is good about this hole-in-the-wall cafe.  Ah, if only EVERYTHING in Seattle had the same charm and substance as Highlands Espresso......
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2006,4/24/2006,4,39,1,1,1>A spendy meal, but great for special occasions and worth the visit. I took my mother here for lunch (neat place to take an out-of-towner; she loved it), which was great since it was relatively quiet at this time and service was ready for us as soon as we were . The patio was closed, so we had no view, but it was charming inside with it's sunny, airy and unique interior. We each chose a different dish to share; both the Linguine Alle Vongole and the Pizza Bianca were excellent. I've never been to Italy, but the flavors of these tongue tickling dishes say 'Italian' to me, but than again -I've nothing to compare it to. Wonderful food, great service and a high price, but worth every cent! I don't think I'd go for dinner, the whole trapeze bit is too weird for me, but I'll definitely go for lunch again.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2006,4/23/2006,2,32,,3,1>Not as upscale as Le Gourmand or Rover's, Le Pichet serves amazing rustic French food in a place that feels like a Parisian cafe.  (They even painted the walls a faded yellow that gives it that color that years of smoking turns the walls of petit cafes.)  Although the whole menu is fantastic I usually eat brunch here (mind the wait) and go for simplicity: brioche with confiture (these days an orange marmalade) and an ounce of the daily blue cheese, a cup of coffee and a class of orange juice.  Small, simple, perfect.  (I don't know how they do it but they have the best OJ).If you want something more filling, go for the oeufs au jambon or any of the baked egg dishes.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2006,4/22/2006,8,38,1,1,1>There are two schools in the sushi world, and Mashiko definitely is not a member of the traditional one.  Where this place shines is in the really creative stuff.  Which is not to say it's all gimmicks -- the fish is of superb quality.Show up hungry with an open mind and order omakase.  You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll be sad when you are so full you can no longer eat.  Without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Seattle.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2006,4/21/2006,59,142,4,7,3>Best fish & chips in the region:I'm 46 years old. That's right, I SAID 46 which makes me somewhere between an adult and an old geezer. I was born in Seattle and having lived here 46 years, I've seen fast food places come and go but Sunfish is a place my wife and I are very glad stuck around. And it's no wonder, they have simply the best fish & chips in probably the whole region. I don't know how they do it but unlike the fish & chips place just east of them, you don't need a moist wipe to get a ton of oil off of your hands. As for their coleslaw, I wouldn't eat coleslaw before I had Sunfish's. Sometimes my wife and I go there just for that. And the fries which are also devoid of excess oil are just as delicious.  Everything rocks there. They are Cash Only but are well worth that inconvenience. You know what? We're going there tomorrow for dinner.
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2006,4/20/2006,27,570,7,5,4>Crumpets?  Yes, while some people have only heard British people say this word, this place does carry a wide variety of them.  Jolly-good at that too!
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2006,4/19/2006,204,297,5,4,1>We live just down the block from Tarasco, and I couldn't wait to try the place out.  We kept repeating their sign, which says "Bebida Comida BAR", to each other in preparation.  You must say the BAR part with extra emphasis.  You'll find the owner manning the bar and greeting regulars pretty much every time you go.  The jukebox is free and filled with good tunes, Mexican and otherwise, and there are two pool tables out front.  The seafood dishes are really the standout of their menu to me, especially the spicy prawns.  However, there are days in my life when only a Tarasco cheese enchilada will do, and on days like that, I'm grateful I live down the block from this place.  They'll do take out for you but you might as well just stay and play some Johnny Cash and have a Corona.When I'm out walking my dog and we pass Tarasco, when the sun is shining, their windows are all open and I can hear the juke box and smell some deliciousness coming from the kitchen, there is about a 50/50 chance I go get my husband and give in to the siren song of cheese enchiladas and beer.I do wish that Tarasco had more of a wine selection.  There is only one red and although I drink it willingly, it'd be nice to see some worldly choices.There's a definite neighborhood feel to Tarasco, it is a mellow and laid back place, great for dinner and pool.  I might or might not have drowned my post Super Bowl sorrows at Tarasco with some ill-advised tequila shots.  It's the kind of bar that is there for you when you need it.Update: Tarasco now has karaoke on Saturday nights.  Those poor regulars, to their credit, have never, ever thrown anything at me or booed after any of my performances, including, but not limited to, 'Folsom Prison Blues' and 'You're The One That I Want.'  They are good people.Further Update: I still freakin' love Tarasco.  I discovered last week that well drinks are a whopping $3.50 all the time.  Sometimes, may depend on who is bartending, these come in a pint glass!  Also, their Huevos Rancheros are excellent!
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2006,4/18/2006,40,132,1,3,1>Mojito Cafe is a Cuban restaraunt tucked away next to the Roosevelt, Interstate 5 and Lake City junction in the north part of the University District.  It could easily be overlooked, which is unfortunate.Mojitos offers a small menu of Cuban and South American dishes, mostly containing steak or shredded beef with beans and rice.  They also have two vegetarian dishes that are really quite delicious.While the food is exceptional (and very "authentic" - whatever that means) and the environment is charming (a small rectangular building; only a few seats) what I always remember about Mojitos is the service.  The waitstaff are incredibly friendly and genuinely make an effort to get to know their customers.  It's not uncommon to see them greet past customers with a hug or a handshake.  I recently went back for my fourth time; it took that many visits before I felt comfortable writing a review.  The reason being that each occassion was completely different.  The first time I went there was a South American news crew present and while it took an hour to get our food we didn't notice because we were busy dancing and singing with the other guests.  The next two times were equally unexpected (but fun).  Finally, I was able to eat there on what appeared to be a "normal" night -- by which I mean a bit more laid back, although hardly less personable.My only complaint about Mojitos is that it can be a bit chilly in there.  Nothing a few mojitos won't fix (yes, they serve mojitos; yes, they're good; no, they aren't on the menu).  Also, due to the size it can be a bit loud on a crowded night.  That's just something to be aware of going in.Highly recommended.  Especially if you like food from Cuba and Venezuela.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2006,4/17/2006,107,41,1,2,1>How could any adult birthday be complete without a very special cake?  This place features a wide variety of inventive pastries...VERY inventive at times.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2006,4/16/2006,40,142,2,,5>Whan in Seattle with her shoures soote , The droghte of March hath perced me to the roote.And I must bath my every veyne in swich liquor!And specially from Ballard's blustery endeTo Cap. Hill and the Caunterbury, I wende!A hooly blisful draft beer for to seke, That it hath holpen whan that I were seeke. (With apologies to G. Chaucer.)
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,6/7/2011,264,133,12,16,14>Rock Box is swank, without swank prices. It's probably not the cheapest joint in Seattle's outskirts, but it's very reasonable, with all the looks of a nightclub.Nice hosts, wonderful interior design, good English language song choices, iPad menus for easy queuing and boozy sausage-fingering, a great drink selection, and the rental rates are reasonable for the premium spot (right off Broadway makes a tempting end-point for the night.)I've been here twice, once to close the place out at 4, and having booked the big room for NYE. The regular booths are roomy enough for 5, and the party room was just gorgeous with big ol' TVs, host-arranged dry snacks, costume accessories (I sing better while wearing bunny ears, I'm sure), and enough space for 30.Come! Visit! You don't have to dress fancy, but you will be impressed.
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,6/5/2011,155,124,16,21,13>* just boosted to 5 stars after realizing how much i loved the food...i have been eating the leftovers for breakfast, lunch, AND dinner today.*I'm just going to tell those of you Map-questing this Sichuan/Yunnan restaurant right now so you don't almost crash looking for it in the rainy dark: LOOK IN STRIP MALL ACROSS FROM BARNES AND NOBLE. OK good.This place will be one of my Food Meccas. On a busy Thursday night at almost 8 o'clock, two of us showed up - one already-seasoned pro and the other an overly eager student with half the reviews already memorized. The staff had their hands and ears full, but was nevertheless courteous and efficient in seating us. And it took me all of a five minutes to pick out the three cold dishes I wanted to share off the "cold appetizer" menu (3 for $5.99, and there's an entire page's worth): paper-thin sliced pig ears (think tingling-hot prosciutto), chicken gizzards (little chewy nuggets resembling the end-pieces of thick bacon), and tendon (think sliced brisket, not gelatinous joint-goo). This came out in about a minute after we ordered it because they keep a buffet of the items by the front, so it's a good way to start a meal when it's busy. We waited quite awhile for our next order and our apologetic server admitted he kind of forgot about us after we let him know we were all set. He was never in a hurry with us to order, though, and answered questions, gave his thumbs-up when i asked him for opinions, etc. The whole menu has a photo for (mostly) each dish or kind of dish preparation-style with the meats available for that preparation listed underneath. My dining companion and I wanted those numbing "little flower peppers" that make this region's food so notoriously hot, but it can be difficult to determine from the menu which items feature those peppers unless you have my Food Teacher (or another seasoned Spiced diner) sitting with you. Two peppers next to the item seems to be the indicator, but not always...hmm...OK, if you want hot, get this: the "'mao xue wang" mixed bowl with preserved tofu, hearty opaque and meaty chunks of pork's blood and sliced pork intestines, giant wood-ear mushrooms, bamboo shoots, what i thought might have been jellyfish or glass noodles, tripe, dried peppers, and other things that escape me because i ate the rest of it for breakfast this morning. Beats your coffee and oatmeal! A few minutes of oral contact with this item and the skin on my mouth began to softly buzz as if someone had replaced my spoon with a vibrator and left it there. Are you gagging yet? I loved it.My company ordered from previous positive experience, a soup: "crossing the bridge noodles" yeschinatour.com/china-g… (this is a basic description of the dish). I loved the sweet/sour broth to counter the zap of the other dishes, and the contents were simply but special enough to warrant my attention. You get chewy, delicate sheets of tofu skin in addition to the ham and chicken slices, greens (were those pea vines?), and an itty bitty hard-boiled quail egg. This makes great leftovers!We weren't leaving without frog, though (I've made it my goal to try it at every restaurant that features it), and there were several preparations. I was disappointed there was no crispy-fried pepper variation like LA Cafe's, but they are a Hong Kong restaurant. So I recommend the first style of preparation on the third page with the onions, celery, jalapenos....i don't remember what it's called, but despite low level of spiciness, it offers a variety of flavor to the rest on your table. I liked taking a bite of the juicy celery whenever my spicy spoon vibrator grew too intense. The little bits of frog are easy to slid off the bone in your mouth and pop out into your fingers for removal without a heavily-coated sauce, either. How ladylike!At this point, my stomach was writhing in nagging discomfort, but we continued picking at the magical bits and pieces hiding in our scarlet-red hot pot, cloudy sea of broth and noodles, and other items as if we were on a never-ending treasure hunt. Our conversation lengthened the meal until we realized the staff were doing their check-outs and closing up. They are no-pressure, courteous hosts. Our server even reassured us that the chang wang bloody goodness would be great leftovers...but warned us to microwave it in our own bowls, NOT the Styrofoam! (Just a warning...the to-go containers are still subject to spillage, so do your best to keep them upright in your car. Thank goodness the server double-knotted the bag well, because when i opened it at home, some of the oily hotness pooled up inside the bag! My car could have looked like a murder scene!) *I have been informed that ordering take-out ensures better packaging than boxing up the leftovers.Grab a couple of dum-dum lollipops on your way out like i did, and go walk off the pain. *joy
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,6/4/2011,71,232,12,7,13>It's true, it's true! When you come to Unicorn on your birthday and show them your I.D., they'll reach for a super long stick, which they will use to reach up to a super high shelf where the super AWESOME unicorn birthday helmets are kept! I think they only have two: one is zebra printed and has a fluffy mane with a black horn, whereas the other one is less dramatic but has a huge, hot pink horn. For maximum visibility in your birthday photos, go for the hot pink one. After you've strapped the helmet on to your head, ask nicely for your birthday boot of booze. I was quite curious about this when I went: "Do they really serve it up in a boot?", I thought. Answer: Yes. They'll shove a big plastic cup into the shaft of the boot, fill it up with a sweet drink and you can start boozing away! From what I saw/tasted, the food isn't particularly unique but it is stupid delicious, especially when drunk. Go for the Narwhal Balls, which are huge (probably 2 inches in diameter) balls of fried potatoey goodness. The CornCat (catfish-dog) was rather yummy too! The music they played made me want to have fun and the people who frequent this place seem to be pretty friendly. It gets crowded though: by the time I came here for my birthday at 9:30 on a Friday night, there was not a seat in sight. Unicorn: come for all the horns and balls; stay for all the fun you'll have.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,6/3/2011,528,376,8,15,14>Out of all the Thai restaurants in Fremont, this one is definitely the smallest, but one of the best!I usually order the same thing at every Thai place, Phad See Iew, and it is absolutely mouth-watering here!  All the ingredients are balanced and the flavors are perfect.  I asked for 2 stars of heat and it was actually 2 stars!  :)With every lunch you also get this really tasty, garlicky, soup that has a bit of a kick.  The space is pretty small so better to be in a small group.  The kitchen is open so that makes it very personable and it's fun to watch the ladies cook.  I noticed that they do have outdoor seating so that'll be handy when the sun, and 75+ weather, returns.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,6/2/2011,331,569,12,16,15>Oh no, I fear I have an Ono addiction. Flying Fish is so good they've got me seeing stars. Five stars. Five big stars. Five big, red stars. Woohoo! As good as it gets! I have found reasons to visit Flying Fish twice this month, once for lunch and once for dinner. Each visit leaves me singing this SLU restaurant's praises. Their small plate Thai crab cake is easily the best crab cake I have had to date. It's plump and fresh and divine. Their calamari stands on its own, but accompanied by the slightly spicy jalapeno sauce, it is DELICIOUS. As for the large plates, try the grilled Ono. You can send your thanks afterward. It's slightly sweet and very hearty for such a delicate tasting fish. I can attest that the seared Mahi Mahi is also delicious and worth every penny. If I could afford to eat there every day, I would, but I can't, so it will remain a restaurant that is perfect for a special occasion or a date spot. Just make sure your date isn't a vegetarian because there isn't anything on the menu that will cater to them. Go, go, go, ONO.
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,6/1/2011,718,1048,11,18,17>Don't know much about Sake? Love it and want to be around others that do? Come to Sake Nomi for a tasting, and maybe walk away with a few bottles!I was there for a tasting with 15-20 Yelpers, and had a great time. They let us bring some food to munch on and we enjoyed learning about the different types of Sake while sampling five different ones. After I finished sampling them all, I picked my favorite and purchased a big cup of it.Mmm. Sake.I am still very inexperienced when it comes to Sake, but I'm pretty sure I like it, and I'm quite sure I'll have to drop by this pretty-easy-to-stumble-into spot for more tastings (or just a cup) in the future!
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,5/31/2011,117,196,6,9,8>The food is great. Yes. And the prices are super reasonable with good sized portions. But the real draw is that pretty much all the guys that work here are hot. And NICE. With great smiles. Not once is there customer service fakery - they're genuinely glad you're there to be served.Between here, the Baranof, Wayward Coffee, and Naked City Brewery and Taphouse, you have everything you need on Greenwood Ave N.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,5/30/2011,224,247,9,11,9>Remember that cartoon movie "All Dogs go to Heaven" ? This place is Better!! :D They should make a movie about about Marymoor Park! "All Dogs Should go to Marrymoor!" Everyone should check this place out with their Furry Friends! This place is a little piece of Doggy Heaven! Fido & Fida should be taken here now! Gogogogogogo!!"Squirrel!" ***Remember to pay for your $1 Parking!!
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,5/29/2011,595,1498,7,7,7>When you give a dish a fancy French name, does that make it more appealing? Do you know what tete de cochon is? Do you even want to know?Tough. I will give it to you. It is pig head. Now I am not squeamish by the sight of one. I am Chinese and seen these before at meat shops. Still the concept of eating it kind of is hard to swallow. It falls in the category of meat parts that have not reached the mainstream. Even more obscure than tripe and beef tongue. Though Mexican food is changing the perception of the latter.When I came across an article regarding tete de cochon, I was intrigued. The fact that it was Local 360 serving it was even more of a reason to since I have had this place bookmarked since its opening. The locavore concept is very interesting.The ambiance at Local 360 is very casual. I don't know what Flying Fish (former occupant) looked like, but what they have done to this place makes it a really welcoming place. The kind of spot that you feel comfortable just dropping into on whim.The restaurant is open all day. I came in for happy hour which runs from 3 to 6 pm, but ended up choosing food items from the dinner menu which begins at 5 pm. Tete de cochon ($8) is actually on both of these menus. Though I believe the happy hour menu mentioned a different preparation of the egg. I did also order the smoked ham hock "tater tots" ($5) and a gin and tonic well ($5 HH).Started off with the gin and tonic which was refreshing. It is cool that the liquor is locally distilled. The tater tots came next and they really do look like that. Though instead of a potato, you will find a ham hock mixture taste to them. There is a cream dipping sauce. Not sure what it was, but a good pairing. It is a small snack of six tot pieces. But it is a good indication of what Local 360 has to offer.Finally, the main event. The tete de cochon. It has a fried patty like shape with a sunny side egg on top. It sits itself on top of a piece of brioche with a rhubarb sauce on the plate to complement. I was surprised by how good this dish was. The tete de cochon reminds me interestingly of the taste of dim sum beef balls though the meat is more like a hash rather than a paste. Everything in this dish was seamless. Intriguing that this is not on the breakfast menu, but rather the happy hour and dinner one. This seems like the dish that breaks the mold for breakfast. Of all meals, breakfast seems the most traditional to me. This is the type of dish that can take it in a new direction.Four stars to Local 360 with the tete de cochon doing most of the legwork in earning that score. I know the English translation and squeamish feeling associated with this dish might deter you from ordering it. But I think that if you do, you will be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,5/28/2011,124,582,13,18,18>Raw, raw, raw. Yes, back for the kitfo as promised. Not cooked. Raw. I've repeated it about as many times as I had to in order to reassure the waitress that yes, I wanted it raw. As in uncooked. I suspect that not many non-Ethiopian patrons go for this option, based on her persistent clarification....Rrrawrrr! A lovely chile-red, warmly spiced mound of meaty goodness. The kitfo arrives heaped in a serving dish, accompanied by a smaller dish of Ethiopian cheese (think very mild, with a chevre-like consistency) mixed with herbs. What beautiful alternating mouthfuls: injera and cheese, injera and kitfo, with spices and smoothness and sweetness and sponginess all melding into a truly simple yet irresistible food experience.Since this was my kitfo-cherry-poppin' dinner, I haven't much to compare it to. So I'll be excited to try it again...since we all know the first time is never the best.
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,2/26/2011,76,149,14,15,9>I think most of the mediocre reviews of this place are hilarious because you can tell none of those people have EVER been to France or have EVER tasted French food in a real French cafe.1. The fries are not like american fries because they are FRITES and double fried like frites are supposed to be cooked. So if you are expecting McDonald'esque fries go somewhere else.2. Water is not iced because NO WHERE in France do they put ice in the water served at restaurants. 3. The tables are close together and its loud because THAT IS HOW FRENCH CAFES ARE! Oh my gosh people. These comments totally irritate. If you like french food and want to enjoy the cafe culture, Cafe Presse is very similar to what you would find at a corner cafe in Paris.I love it here :)
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,2/25/2011,213,757,12,19,19>This place makes me happy. Oh so gloriously happy! So happy in fact that I can apparently sing until closing time (4 am) and be startled that it got so late/early so quick. Different sized, super sleek and comfortable rooms to fit your party needs.  It's schmancy in here. Posh. Shiny. Modern. What other adjectives can I use? Squishy seats, large flat screens to show your lyrics, and user friendly ipads to punch your song selections in.  And what a selection of songs to pick from! I ended up just punching in numbers for songs I knew because I may have been a bit tipsy and overwhelmed with all the choices. Price isn't that bad at all! Especially when you are in a group -- the price seems hardly a factor once it is split and considering the good time you just had.
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,2/24/2011,136,326,7,13,10>This is as close to Italian Hunting Cottage as you will get. (Side note: I SO have a crush on the waitress I had! We totally smiled at each other - don't be a hater. I will do my best to focus on the food reality.)Spinasee was a totally new experience for me all the way around. The food, the service, the decor, the attitude: it is all unique to this particular place. There is no price tag that can be placed on the dining experience you will have here. Regardless of the food, you're in for a treat. Luckily, the food exceeds expectations and is truly amazing - what a major bonus!First thing I noticed: The L'Aiguille steak knives. Attention to detail, that's what I'm about. I traveled all the way to Chamonix, France to pick out my own personal french handcrafted pocket L'Aiguille knife... come to find out, every plate is placed next to one. These pieces don't come cheap, and are extremely reputable across Europe. This goes to show the immense quality of goods, ingredients, and experience you will get here. The decor only compliments this in an understated and humble way. The kitchen is small, open for diner viewing, and cottage like in its organization and decorations. Pans hang from the ceiling, spices line the shelves. You can't get more authentic. They don't create an image for show, either... it just IS. The food was something that I couldn't even capture. Even reading the menu, you start to drool a little! We decided on the Rabbit Meat Balls, Rabbit Liver Crepes, and Duck Ravioli, Braised Pork Pasta, and small salad. If I go on to write about each one, I might be sitting here in front of this computer for another week. The depth of the flavors, complexity of the textures and combinations are simply amazing. The ingredients are local and farmer-fresh, along with in house handmade pastas. They produce effortless, organic, plates. I honestly felt like I was a my granddad's cottage eating a meal that was produced by a hunting trip earlier that day. I closed my eyes a couple of times to take everything in. Seriously...I have a new favorite joint, people. After two years of the number one restaurant spot being held by another European Eatery (any guesses?) on the hill, the top spot has been claimed by Spinassee. You have to come in to experience the magic here. Mangez! The most amazing Eats. (Cute staff too)!
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,2/23/2011,205,135,7,13,11>SO MUCH FUNNNNN!I'm not usually a factory-loving, chocolate museum-going kind of lady, but the tour of THEO was GREAT!You have tried Theo's delicious chocolate with quirky flavors, and amazingly dark kick, but you have no IDEA how good this place is until you TOUR the FACTORY!  Helllloo?! I loved learning about the history of chocolate (you may think you know--- but you don't), sampling all sorts of amazing chocolate the CORRECT way, and learning about their factory processes.  Because of concerns with space, the Theo chocolate factory had to RETROFIT old European chocolate making machines.  It was so **cool** to see all the old machines especially their cocoa roasting machine was straight out of 1920s Germany! Not only was the tour super informative, but it is also a taste of chocolate making history.  The chocolate making at Theo is truly amazing.And if you check out the PHOTO I added, one of the machines was oozing delicious chocolate!  Now this is a FACTORY!WOW!  I'm going again.  For $6 and it comes with all the chocolate you could eat - why not?Tip: Chinook book has admissions dealTip: Remember to call to make reservations.
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,2/22/2011,60,122,13,7,7>It's official! The votes have been cast. There are no chads on the ballots. Yelpers were divided to describe Marymoor's off leash park with two words: Big or Huge! Big FTW. Regardless, the park brings out the size queen in all dog lovers. The park is so huge the walking paths are visible from outer space, second only to China's Great Wall.The park is so big the water's edge is the doggie version of the Pacific coast.The park is so huge dogs get lost in the open fields and think they're either in heaven (for the Christian canines), nirvana (for the Buddhist yappers), or the open fields (for the atheists).The park is so big even the free poop bags come in endless rolls, just like at your grocery's produce section.Now for a tiny PSA on what's big in my list: A small turd can ruin a nice day. You know who you are. The one who looks left and right and pretend you didn't see your dog assume the poop position. All of us can see it a mile away. If you're too good to pick up after your dog, a Scooby Doo chia pet may be a better companion. I'm just saying....Chi-chi-chi-chia!
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,2/21/2011,300,256,2,11,11>Casual, yet chic. Ever-present staff, without being annoying. And great food. We were  seated immediately without reservations on a Tuesday around 7:00. Within minutes our server welcomed us with warm rosemary bread and some beautifully designed menus. Halibut was pan fried with a delicate crust. Served on top of a generous helping of English pea fourchette, which filled the basin of the plate with a bright green mash of creamed peas. It was sweet, brimming with spring flavor. The halibut was nested on a bed of thinly sliced onion soubise with bright chunks of tart rhubarb. A perfect entrée for this season. Though I wouldn't make this at home, it was a challenging presentation. Exactly what I'd expect from Zoe's reputation. The spicy wild boar Bolognese, which is a year-round staple, was amazing. Thin ribbons of pappardelle, cooked just al dente. The sauce was silky. Though you could just see tiny flecks of chopped carrot, sage, and chili, it was luxuriously smooth. We split the carrot cake, I liked it and my dining companion did not. A smattering of toasted pecans and a splash of sweet carrot tea as the garnish. The cake was a fluffy affair that dovetailed perfectly into the cream cheese frosting. The frosting was an oval scoop on top of the cake, which meant I could control frosting to cake ratio. And I ate the leftover pecans with my fingers when finished. Wished I could have licked the sweet carrot tea off the plate too. PS. They serve amuse bouches before the main course (tonights was a crostini with thinly sliced rabbit and chopped herbs) and a tiny sweet at the end (lavendar macaron with almond flour base).
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,2/20/2011,251,244,11,20,16>My poor boyfriend: every other week in the past month and a half he's heard "sorry love, can't skype too long - I've got pizza plans." The next day he'll hear me swooning about what a nice chat I had with my friend or which new flavor I tried before I wandered over to Full Tilt for some delicious ice cream...He's totes jealous. Hopefully Proletariat Pizza will be around for a very very long while, as they have finally surpassed Pagliacci as my favorite local pie (neither delivers to my current address, so my opinion is based solely on flavor, service and convenience at this point) and I plan on making my pizza and ice cream dates a regular occurrence. For about $25, you can get half a pie, a salad big enough to share and a few beers to wash it all down. That is pizza in the "People's" price range, y'all.The crust is thin and just the right combination of crispy and chewy, the sauce is flavorful and the ingredients always seem fresh. So far I've tried building my own, Pepperoni, the Cinco and the Margherita and never once have I been disappointed.The pizzas are all 18 inches and the menu is pretty limited, but their house salad has taught me to love garbanzo beans  - even the pagliaccio failed at that. It's big enough to share between 2 people or eat as a meal if you're looking for something lighter than pizza and you've just found yourself here with friends or are taking the kids out for pizza (yup, it's kid friendly but they DO serve beer.) Oh, and the tiramisu? Jeebus H., it's fantastic.Proletariat Pizza, I heart you. Get used to seein' me around.
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,2/19/2011,431,844,4,10,10>This place is awesome.  After a fantastic lunch at Kisaku, we took a walk around the neighbourhood.  Their muted green storefront stood out in the grey day and we decided to check them out.Oh wow.Just wow... the pastries were beautiful and artfully displayed.  I felt like a little kid who left their grubby fingerprints all over the glass cases as I pointed to this and that.  I learned that everything is made by the owner who happened to be manning the counter.  We chatted with him about what he'd recommend and what was the most popular.  Our meet + greet was cut short by a harried mum and her three children clamouring for sweet treats.  So I ordered several items to go for the family (green tea tiramisu, passion fruit layer cake, and a baked apple with cream) and off we went.After taste testing all three items, I decided that I'm definitely going back.  The green tea tiramisu was amazingly delicate yet not cloyingly sweet.  The passion fruit cake was fruity and moist.  And that fat little baked apple?  Yeah, I could have had two... So when I come back here to relax with a book, a coffee and something sweet... who wants to join me?
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,2/18/2011,113,214,2,9,7>We dropped in at the Walrus & the Carptenter, the latest in fine dining on Ballard Ave on a Thursday night. Luckily we seemed to have beat the rush by 5 min and were seated within 10 min. As you would expect, there were many fine white wines available by the glass, pichet (pitcher), or by bottle. We started with a nice dry French white, which was served at the perfect temperature and very crisp and tasty. They also listed some great looking cocktails on the drink menu, so of course we had to try one. We both tried on called the "Southside 10" which contained gin, lemon, Ballard Honey, mint, and soda. Needless to say, it was fantastic. We started off with some bread and butter and the beefcake tomato slices with olive oil and vanilla salt. I'd never had vanilla salt before, and let me tell you, it was fantastic and went great with the tomatoes. We ended up using the rest of the bread to soak up the leftover oil. For our entrees, we got the Nicoise Salad, and a few Kumamoto & Barron point oysters. Each were unique, and great tasting. We finished off the evening with sharing a Rasberry Tart with crème fraiche poured on top. Fantastic. The W & C exceeded all my expectations, and is a perfect fit for Ballard's blue collar and fishing roots.
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,2/17/2011,78,80,9,8,10>You don't order chicken at nice restaurants.  At least, you shouldn't.  The reason is that chicken on such menus is placed there for two reasons: 1. It's cheap.2. It's safe.So people shocked by the cost once they sit down and look at the menu and/or are unwilling/unable expand their palate, can order a 'respectable entree'.  So, you don't order chicken at a fine dining restaurant - even if you like chicken.  The chefs didn't put it there as an expression of their culinary brilliance, they're appeasing the cheap and the (ironically) chicken.BUT omg.  THIS chicken.  THIS CHICKEN.  is so amazing.  I ordered it per the recommendation of the server.  (Always ask your server what they recommend and take it with a grain of salt, because they may have been instructed to move a dish that's about to go bad, but they've probably tried everything, have seen a multitude of reactions, know what's fresh, know what the kitchen does consistently well, etc.) So, the chicken is a whole half, roasted, with mashed potatoes and roasted garlic.  Hufff... it's good.Everything else I've tried (off other people's plates - I totally come here for my Stumbling Goat chicken fix) has been amazing as well.  Once, they had a sunchoke soup with vanilla oil.  Stunning, stunning, stunning.
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,12/12/2009,150,101,14,12,11>What I MEANT to say is, that this is my favorite coffee shop in all of Seattle... actually in the whole entire world.No joking around this time:  I have never had spit in my coffee, (at least that I know of, until that last review I wrote.)  I do not even think about getting coffee anywhere else on days that I work.The baristas are smart and efficient.  They remember our drinks, they make them up quickly and deliciously EVERY TIME.I really like going in to Online for my coffee, and I feel bad that the last review I wrote could have been taken wrong... like specifically, the part about the spit.  It was an (apparently) bad joke.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,12/11/2009,104,135,9,17,9>Text from a friend:  "That was the BEST St. Patty's Day meal I ever had. Thank you."I wish I could say it was all me, but it wasn't.  Instead of spending a week selecting, preparing, and brining a beef brisket, I cheated.  I got a lot of help from Market House Corned Beef Deli.If you want to please your friends or family, here's one way to do a St. Patty's Day meal:Get one large, quality corned beef roast from Market House.  It's the Big Kahuna.  The Grande Enchilada. The Green Machine.  Ok, I'm unsuccessfully mixing cliches to describe goodness, probably not the best visuals for a good corned beef roast.  But let me just say that the Market House corned beef is a wonderful centerpiece for this meal.Another yelper previously commented that adding Coke (yes, that's Coca Cola, not the powder stuff) is a good idea.  Very true -- something about that adds a special kind of complementary flavor and tenderness to the meat.  I personally also add a couple of cans of Guinness, and a little water.  Then, as with any TRUE corned beef,  ROAST it, fat side up.  Add fresh rosemary, thyme, and minced garlic resting on top. Then roast at a low temp of 300 for 4-5 hours, on top of a bed of thickly sliced yellow onions, slow cooked -- giving it plenty of time to get nice and tender.  FYI -- Market House specializes in corned beef and cured beef -- these are not the heavily-infused-solution corned beefs you buy at the grocery store, with directions to boil on the label.  Oh no.  This is real meat for real leprechauns and Irish people and their friends.  It actually tastes like a corned roast beef, not solution.  Don't boil it -- that would be a tragedy, I'm sure.Serve up some good peasant or Irish soda bread (!), to sop up the juices. Provide Irish butter -- tastes significantly richer than American butter -- it's worth it, believe me. As side dishes, prepare bacon cabbage with Guinness (of course), and pour the rest of the Guinness straight in your mouth.  Waste not, want not.  I would have added mushrooms to the cabbage, but after the Irish car bombs, for some reason forgot -- but if you keep your senses, it adds a nice flavor and texture to the dish.Also roast baby carrots for the last hour of the roast -- and prepare green onion garlic mashed potatoes.Add some stone ground mustard as a condiment for the dish, and you have a fairly easy, straightforward, delicious feast!  And it's really pretty easy with this roast.The roast costs right around $4.50-$5 per pound, and count on one pound per person to comfortably feed your crew.  It's somewhat more expensive than the standard grocery store version, but way better. Enjoy!
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2009,12/10/2009,91,486,11,14,11>My crystal ball tells me that this place is going to take off. First of all, you can get pizza by the slice. And they have good lunch specials--1 slice and a drink for $4.50 or 2 slices and a drink for $7. Second of all, they have a happy hour--$1 off pints from 11-5. I like those hours. You can also get pitchers and wine at all times. Thirdly, they've got a nice big space with lots of windows, perfect for accommodating kickball teams wanting a place to eat after a game at Greenlake or for people who want to watch the runners. There's a TV for watching ESPN, too. The menu is small but effective. There are about 10 pizzas to choose from and two sizes--"small" which is advertised as 10" but is really more like 13", or "large" which is more of a 20" than an 18". Bottom line: they're big. I was stuffed after just one slice (but of course managed to eat half of another). The pizza itself was very good. It looked a little greasy, and it was, but it still tasted amazing. The crust was to-die-for! I can't wait for the leftovers later. The service was good. You just order at the counter and they bring your pie out to you, so don't expect a sit-down place.Something you can order that's not on the menu board is a *calzone*. We saw another table being brought one and holy cow, they looked amazing. If the dough on those is the same as the pizza crust, I might have to go get a calzone and run away with it. Just sayin'.Methinks Turnpike will give Zeeks some competition.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,12/9/2009,167,252,7,7,8>I must warn anyone who hasn't been here: don't be picky, or be in the company of picky people. The nature of Black Bottle's food is that it's eclectic. There are going to be dishes with spices, with onions, with garlic, etc. If you come with an open mind and empty stomach, you'll be in for a great experience. If not, then get outta here. I've had a lot of memories here over the past two years I've patroned Black Bottle, and the food is solidly stellar, consistent and satiating. Must try dishes include the pork belly with kimchi, blasted broccoli (it's better than bacon, almost), mahi mahi ceviche, any of the flatbread pizzas and the mediterranean plate. Yum. The selections of wine are very reasonable, both in quality and price. As is the food. Black Bottle is versatile. Great for outings with co-workers, great for dates, great for a night out on the town. I'll keep coming back because it has my heart.P.S. Call ahead to make a reservation. It's so worth it.
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,12/8/2009,130,221,10,8,8>The Honey Lavender Ice Cream is dripping onto my keyboard as I type!  Molly Moon's is a great ice cream parlor and has a variety of upper-end flavors like Salted Caramel, Balsamic Strawberry, Scout Mint,  and my new favorite Honey Lavender.    Their waffle cones are also amazing- not only for their flavor but the bottoms are sealed so the ice cream does not come out the bottom.   I love you Molly!
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/26/2009,12/6/2009,221,439,21,26,18>FINALLY!  Finally, I've gotten a chance to get my hands on that Cuban sandwich.  And the results...? It was definitely no party in my mouth.  Maybe like a small get-together in my mouth...  But it definitely had the aftermath of a party though -- leaving a big mess afterwards (my sandwich fell apart... caramelized onions here, GREASE there, and pork everywhere!)  But because we waited for about half an hour and all these 5 Stars on Yelp, I was expecting something spectacular, but overall, I was not impressed.  Don't get me wrong though -- it's a good sandwich (for extremely fair prices at $7.50 a sandwich), but beware -- it's not what it's all hyped up to be.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,12/6/2009,153,353,12,13,15>Linda's: the friendly Capitol Hill version of a neighborhood watering hole. One who is visiting can do any or all of the following things within its (appropriately) grimy environs:- Partake in the latest regular every day HH in the city (until 9) for cheap drinks.- Hang out outside on the "patio" replete with its own bar, weather permitting.- See bizarre groups of the local flavor, like random costume parties.- Consume standard emergency pub grub only if heading to the superior food options of Hot Mama's for drunk pizza or Rancho Bravo for a sober burrito afterward are out.- Not get complaints for showing up with 15+ people in a group unannounced.- Run into old friends (and foes) as enough disparate people hang out here.In short, this is not the place to take a date for some intimate time but rather a place to immerse in the community. Perhaps a better way of stating it would be that in the evenings, Linda's is like a Capitol Hill Community Center... except with alcohol.
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2009,12/5/2009,5000,240,47,53,62>If you live in the state of Washington and love beer, then you should consider shelling out $25 for a one-year WABL (WAshington Beer Lovers) membership.  With membership you get a t-shirt and WABL Passport.  There are some other advantages for being a member - like getting a larger glass at beer tastings (non-members get plastic cups). Usually tasters for members are 6oz while non-members get 5 - 5.5oz.  It may not seem like much, but look how cool you are with real glass!  I really can't add more to their mission statement that states:"WABL is a community of WAshington Beer Lovers created to celebrate the fresh, local, award-winning microbrews produced in the state of Washington.  WABL members enjoy many exclusive advanages including the latest news on Washington beer, discount tickets to Washington Brewers Guild/Beer Commission festivals and invitation to exclusive events." (pg.2. WABL Passport)Recently, we attended a private function that celebrated WABL's 4th Anniversary.  They featured beers from the following breweries:  7 Seas Brewing, Anacortes Brewery, Big Al Brewing, Chuckanut Brewery, Hale's Ales Brewery, Powerhouse Brewery, Schooner Exact & Two Beers, Walking Man Brewing, Yakima Craft Brewery, Diamond Knot Brewing and Dick's Brewing.  What is great about going to these events is the chance to try great local beer under the same roof (or tent)!  I hope to see you (through beer-goggled glasses) wobbling at a future WABL event!                                                                                                              ______________________________                          |                                                                     |                         |  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ |                         |                                                                     |                         |                                                                     |________                         |                                                                                         \                         |                                                                      ______     |                         |                                                                      |            |     |                         |                                                                      |            |     |                         |                                                                      |            |     |                         |                                                                      |            |     |                         |                                                                      |            |     |                         |                                                                      |            |     |                         |                                                                      |_____ |    |                         |                                                                                         |                         |                                                                      _______  /                         |                                                                     |                         |                                                                     |                         |                                                                     |                         |                                                                     |                         \ _____________________________/
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2009,12/4/2009,318,575,11,11,12>Three and a half rounding up.Not bad at all. $4.99 for a pita and fries combo even at dinner time. I thought it was going to be more like a gyro, but the pita was thinner and everything was wrapped like a burrito. The sauce was tangy and everything tasted fresh. The fries weren't bad but nothing I would write home about.With the red walls, lounge music and empty room, I felt like I was in a David Lynch movie for a second.I will be here again to try other things.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,12/3/2009,99,124,14,21,20>Happy Hour is the new dinner, and I'm having mine at List. It's as affordable and fabulous as everyone has said in prior reviews. I started with the arugula & mozzarella salad, in a lightly dressed vinaigrette. I followed that with a grilled sea bass in a light shroom reduction. A dining companion had calamari, which were lightly breaded and spiced, just perfect as a plate to share with the group. I went with a full-priced Syrah, as I wasn't feeling the HH options, and even the full-priced wine glasses are still affordable. The atmosphere is hip, service is prompt, and the quality of the food is fantastic. I'll definitely return to List!
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2006,12/20/2006,0,0,14,8,7>Okay. DON'T JUDGE ME!I brought 141 pounds of laundry to them to wash and fold. And they got it done in 3 hours! Yes... 141 pounds. DON'T JUDGE ME!Their wash and fold service is awesome. I am a busy "executive" and travel all the time. I am also a clotheshorse and rarely ever wear the same thing twice without washing. So my clothes pile up.The people were great, the clothes came out terrific and the service was F-A-S-T!I found out that next time they will even pick-up and deliver my laundry FOR FREE!This place ROCKS!I know you judged me... but it is OK , I will forgive you.
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2006,12/19/2006,221,213,1,7,7>This is the place to go for all your industrial/gothic musical needs and wants. Small store but packed with tons of good stuff. AND-if they happen to not have the cd you're looking for, they'll try and order it for you. The staff is nice and knowledgeable. And if the hard industrial sound isn't your thing, they also have lots of mainstream Cure and Depeche Mode. At one time, I saw Morrissey and Smiths cds for sale here, but not today. They also carry a lot of bootleg recordings of various artists, a lot done from shows at the Vogue that Mike got to play there. There's plenty of Death in June bootlegs from all over the west coast, too. If you're in need of a Combichrist t-shirt, get it here alongside a small selection of shirts. Need a leather spiked choker? All the jewelry is handmade in Seattle. So, support the scene AND local business owners, shop at Musicwerks!
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2006,12/18/2006,120,419,5,3,4>Expensive sissy food. That's what's served here. Everything about the experience here was EXACTLY as I would expect it, which is why the 3 stars. The food was perfect. The service was "gorgeous." The room was quiet enough to talk and perfect for a very intimate date. This is the kind of place you take a girl when you want to propose. But Sam, why only 3 stars? Weren't you reading up there? It was what I expected. If you want my 5 stars, you must exceed expectations in some way. Do something creative. Anything. And, if I'm being honest, I've head a way better fillet at Jak's for $30 instead of $55. Also, the salad was a waste... next time don't ruin my meal with that.  Since two people ordered the 7 course menu, I got to try a lot of different things. I'm going to channel one of my favorite reviewers , Chris O yelp.com/user_details?us…, for this portion of the review: Pumpkin Soup: 3*, good celery flavorYellow Tomato Soup: 4*, wowShrimp Moussaline with yummy sauce: 4*Goat Cheese Blintz: 2*, mehPate: 4* Foie Gras: 3* averageRose-Scented Sorbet: 3*Salad: 1* Screw you for serving this to meBeef Tenderloin: 2*Venison: 4* Homemade mustard on tenderloin: 6*. orgasmic! do you hear me?12 Year-old Scotch: 3*I didn't try the dessert, but I heard some grumbling and some happiness. The best part of the meal was the company. Miss Mary Ann is a delightful dining companion. Her husband Adam is indescribably cool, nerdy,  and knows his food. And my buddy Jan was on top of his game. We spent nearly 4 hours dining overall. By the end of the meal, I was relaxed and perfectly content to a level that normally requires coffee the next morning.
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2006,12/17/2006,49,119,7,4,4>Perhaps one of the stranger bowling options in Seattle -- or rather, just south of the city limits in lovely Skyway. It's cheap and psychedelically colorful, and Thursdays are "Ladies night" with free shoe rentals and three free games for the ladies.But Skyway Park Bowl is more than just a bowling alley -- see, there's dilapidated indoor mini-golf, too! And cheap beer. And people-watching. And karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays. And pool. And gambling. And did I mention the people-watching? Hoo-wee. It gets weird in these parts.UPDATE: Turns out the mini-golf must have gotten too dilapidated, because the golfing area is now walled off and under construction. Also, the scene on a Friday night is INSANE. There's a Thai karaoke crew that takes over the lounge, and you can bowl in the blacklight with disco lights going around and crazy LCD lights zooming up the sides of the lanes. The blackjack tables are packed (who ARE all these people?) and George Clinton bumps over the soundsystem. Awesome people-watching.
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2006,12/16/2006,44,119,4,8,4>Wowza...  good stuff!  I like it here.  We came for a somewhat downsized Goddess Night dinner (only five of us), and had a lovely meal.First off, we had fresh (and by fresh, I mean still sizzling hot right out of the oil) tortilla chips, served with a trio of salsas:  tomatillo, red, and a pico de gallo...  and a heaping bowl of guacamole.  Talk about yummy!!  It wasn't so much guacamole as huge chunks of ripe avocado folded in with pico.  I was snacking so happily, that by the time our orders came out, I was stuffed...  Did that stop me?  Ehhhhmmmmm....  NO!I had the Carnitas - I was drawn in by the description of  "crispy yet moist" chunks of pork...  There was a huge portion of meat on the plate, and all of it was equally crispy and moist.  YAY!  There was also a cup of beans, more guacamole, and hot corn tortillas.  Simple, yes.  Simply delightful!!!Leslie had Machaca Tostadas - Looked like crispy shredded beef, lots of cabbage, and queso.  She said it was delish...  it looked great.Jaz had a chicken and mushroom dish with lots of peppers.  Her conclusion:  tasty, but super spicyLaura had a crazy huge portion of enchiladas smothered in a green sauce, black beans and rice.Jaz's daughter had shredded beef tacos - once she figured out that the plateful of beef, beans, and rice didn't all have to go on one tortilla, she was set...  silence.Breakfast next time!
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2006,12/15/2006,25,11,11,7,4>I've got - according to some - more facial hair than I should have. Because I'm not very precise (and really don't care) it tends to shift around my face in various configurations that evolve over weeks and months as if moved by continental drift. So why in the hell would I frequent a place like Kiehl's?The White Eagle Shaving Cream, my friends. It is simply the best shaving product I've ever used. Tired of Gillette and Edge and whatnot, I went in search of a good old fashioned shave enhancer, and this is what I found. It may cost more on first purchase, but it *lasts*, my brothers, far longer than a can of spritz gel. Literally, a little dab will do ya.Once I'd ventured this far into metrosexuality, I figured, why not go farther? One by one I have added to my repertoire the Facial Fuel Scrub, then the Cleansing Gel Wash, and now, the Blue Herbal Astringent. And you know what? My skin has never felt better or smelled nicer.Sure, I still kind of look around when I'm going in, as if I were about to purchase pr0n and don't want to be seen. But once I've scored my metro fix and filled up my bags with free samples of even more goodies, I walk outta that place knowing I'm hooked.
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2006,12/14/2006,400,699,7,7,6>hi fiddle Lee dee a fado's life for me!!!  I wandered into Fado's in 05' cause I was bored and my hotel was mere blocks from it. It was packed, hot, and I was mistaken for a Rat City Roller girl, but it won my heart. Big bar, lots of seating, hokey "Irish" decor, and a fire place. Fast forward a year, and now I'm living in this fine, wet, and cold city. I wonder into Fado's and fell in love all over again. I typically go on week nights at happy hour. Pull up a stool to the back bar and enjoy my favorite bartender, Jordan's, company.(yes I frequent bars because I enjoy the bartenders) He's a fine lad, and he takes care of his customers. Weekends will find you jam packed with people, and they have a band play. A bit harder to find a seat, and a total meat market, if that's your cup o tea. Me however...I'm a simple girl, a beer girl really, with a side of cheese, doesn't matter what food it is, as long as it's smothered in that ooey gooey goodness that my arteries crave. I've only ordered the grilled cheese, but damn, it was some kind of lovely! Happy hour prices on food are rockin too! I haven't heard anything bad about the food. The waitress' may be a bit slow at times, but they can also be very attentive and friendly. The manager, Anthony, makes sure his customers are happy. If you're looking for a averaged priced beer $3-5.50, and some good grub, come here. I'll be in the back bar, bugging Jordan, getting pissed on Harpupdate 5/2/08:my favorite bartender in the world, Jordan, is leaving here...le sigh
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2006,12/13/2006,20,23,12,8,7>d: "whoa...they have black bear burgers?"m:"yeah..."d: "is that even legal? can you just eat black bear?"m: "i don't know."d: "seems kinda sketchy doesn't it?"c: "well you can go hunt and kill a black bear, it's not like a grizzly or anything."m: "right, i mean they have black bears in new jersey for chrissake. in the suburbs."d: "yeah...but i mean, it's still a bear."m: "it IS still a bear. that's true."d: "i don't know how i feel about eating bear."or something like that. i didn't have a tape recorder or anything, and we were about 4 beers down at that point, so it's hard to say whether that's completely accurate - but i'm sure it's the type of conversation that takes place many times at the kort-haus.  as the other review so succinctly stated it: this place is a dive bar.  it's really not the kind of bar you'd think about eating in on first glance. in fact, i'm not sure you'd even eat anything from a vending machine in a place like this. luckily though - there are no vending machines - unless you count the ones in the bathroom - and they don't sell things to eat. for the most part.  anyhow...oddly enough, in this joint where even peanuts seem dodgy, they specialize in serving up exotic meats. kangaroo, the aforementioned black bear, buffalo, ostrich, crocodile, etc. if you can make a burger patty out of it - they've probably got it.  and they seem to take their exotic meats rather seriously.  a friend of mine got the spicy buffalo burger and said it was great. a couple other guys at the bar come in every tuesday to try a new type of burger.  so...people DO actually eat here.  and the atmosphere is pretty classic - and the type that's quickly disappearing from condotown usa.  the bartender also explained that sunday's and tuesday's - you buy one exotic meat burger, the second one is half price. so...there's that.
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2006,12/12/2006,438,688,2,13,6>verdict: i adore it. it's very modern inside and they were playing z-trip. vials of tea cover the walls so that you can open them and smell each kind before you try one. at the front they have warm samples of different flavors. some of them are formulated for specific purposes (hangover tea, relief for colds, prepare for sleep, extra caffeine, etc). i chose chocolate yerba mate which really didn't taste like mate at all, but it's good. when you order a pot of tea, they bring you a full tray with a timer and a warmer.they also sell alcoholic drinks with tea, tea lattes, tea smoothies, chai combined with lattes, coffee, beer, wine, and sake. next time i'm going to come here for brunch and try the "tea service" which comes with 4 squares of tea sandwiches, a pot of tea, a truffle, tea cookies, fruit, and a scone. other food items include granola and yogurt, a wide variety of sandwiches and salads, cheese plates, ice cream, etc. they have a wide assortment of appealing pastries and surprisingly at least half of the pastries are vegan. some of them are by coco la ti da (formerly of earth & ocean). mmm, cute truffles.did i mention this place is awesome? i apologize, fuel... much as i love you, i'm afraid this is the place i'm going to be dodgeballing from. plus, not that crowded = way faster free wireless.
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,10/30/2006,12/11/2006,55,87,14,6,5>My original review below was written a while back, right after I found The Big Pic, and many others have not. Since then, it has become a place where the Belltown youngsters like to get loud 'n' plowed like it was their own damn living room. Really too bad. I used to like it a lot.MY ORIGINAL  REVIEW:Best movie going experience EVER. And that's coming from me, self-proclaimed movie nut, and dropout from one of the best cinema schools in the country (USC School of Cinema-Television). Good screen, great seats, excellent bar (try the bartender's ginger ale), swell popcorn, and outstanding sound system. They played "Pirates 2" louder than a Melvin's concert and the stereo separation and fidelity were still ossum. If you're like me, you'll like The Big Picture because it's a small theater and there aren't a bunch of people in there yapping away like it's a swap meet for the hard of hearing or something. It's the only quiet movie theater left on Earth. Years ago, I hit a kid with a bag of popcorn because he wouldn't shut up during a movie. The popcorn at The Big Picture comes in champagne buckets. Maybe people are quiet there because they're thinking about what it'd be like to have a champagne bucket carom off their melon from behind.
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,12/12/2010,143,279,12,7,8>Call your priest/guru/pastor/counselor because hell has frozen over. I just gave a 5 star review to a vegetarian place. You do realize by doing this, I can never step foot in Texas again, lol. I love everything there is to love about this place. It's dirty, dive-y, hard as hell to find, and service has been slow each time I've been there. Plus, there's not a single item containing meat on the dirty, tattered menu. Perfect.This place is imperfectly perfect. There are old Atari games on a rickety ass table by the front door. A mega digital jukebox on the wall that has a huge selection. Each time I looked up, it had a different option from a completely different genre (Reggae is my fav music, and they had plenty). The decor is Early American Fu**ed Up, and I still haven't figured out what's with those kitchen drawers hanging on the wall. It sits on an odd corner in an industrial area of town and is very easy to go past. The people are chill, and kinda keep to themselves. The selection of beer is good, and it's pretty much a great dive bar. The food is great. My wing woman (she likes that tittle, just go with it) ordered a sandwich that looked delicious. No meat. I've also had some of the nachos, also delicious, and also without meat. It's a perfect dive bar. I can't think of one thing to complain about that ultimately doesn't somehow add to the character of this place.
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,12/11/2010,20,80,2,17,13>I know something you don't know.... well ok, maybe you know if you;ve read other recent reviews, but can you just pretend to be surprised and amazed for me? Here it is... Phoenicia version 2010 is here!!!! And it is A-MAZING!I went last Wednesday for the soft opening and lined up multiple dinner dates for myself so I could sit there for hours and try some of everyone's food. Needless to say I got a nice start on my goal of tasting all of the Phoenicia's new delights. So here it goes, I had 3 of the new fancy pizzas, Sausage and Peppers, made with the BEST sausage ever (I am totally a sausage connoisseur so you can trust me) and Mama Lil Peppers. I LOVED it, loved it loved it. The pizzas are a perfect size to share as an app or have all to yourself for a meal. I don't know about you, but I love me some options with my food. Next was the The Alki, with spicy salami, Walla wallas, and tons more yumminess. The spice level was perfect!The final pizza came in and stole the show. It is a seasonal special so you need to hurry down there and try it.. are you ready? SQUASH pizza. I know, I know, its sounds like some weird vegetarian pizza, I mean, where is the meat? But let me tell you it was SO GOOD!!!! I have to say I think it was the best pizza of my life. I was blown away, just try it.On to apps, I had the Artisan Cheese plate, which was so fun, you can mix and match all the yummy cheeses with this perfectly crisp pear and fantastic fig spread, then the Charcuterie, your fancy meat plate, which I would suggest ordering along side the Artisan Cheese, just to make the options that much more abundant. We also enjoyed the Trio of Spreads, humus, baba ghanoush, and labrieh (which I've never had, but it my new favorite spread!!)I know you are tired of reading by now, but the desserts!!!! You have to hear about the desserts. The lovely Nadia brought us the Bananas Foster and an yummy ice cream, sauteed pear dish, but were perfect, not too sweet, just a bit of a bite with the pear which was great, but the Bananas Foster was pure heaven. The new vibe is also really fun. While it used to be more of a fancy dining experience for me, birthdays, etc. Now I feel like I can drop by any night for a quick bite on my own, or a long drawn out dinner with friends.  The family has done a great job of carrying over the love and perfection in the recipes that Hussein did so well, but with a new funky, more casual dining vibe. I couldn't be more excited for their new adventure or more impressed with what they have accomplished. So go, go soon, and go often because I am pretty sure you will also feel the need to get through every menu item as fast as you can possibly expand your tummy.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,12/10/2010,86,218,7,9,9>First of all, if I could have an apartment with high vaulted ceilings and was allowed to paint my walls in any way I liked, it might come out looking something like the Unicorn. So obviously, I love it. It's black and white and pink and blue with an awesome (Thai?) marriage bed thing behind the bar (the bar is the only thing that remains from the former occupant, the Satellite) and zebra print booths and seats.I also appreciate that it's not full of unicorn gimmicks. They COULD have had unicorns everywhere and put unicorn horns on all the dead animal heads (including a zebra head! love it), but thankfully, they didn't. Instead, they created a zany circus-vibe that I totally dig, with fun food that you'd only find at the state fair or something. And even though they've only been open for a week, they're off to a great start. We sat at the bar and met several people who had been involved with the design and building of the space, who were excited to talk about it and hear our feedback- which was pretty much, "WE LOVE IT!". Oh, and there is no cocktail menu (yet), but hold your horses, the bartender said there was one in development.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,12/9/2010,162,128,5,7,5>It's already been said - happy hour is fantastic here!  My friend arrived early and already had a glass of wine.  I asked if the bartender could make me some kind of mocktail and initially she seemed a little thrown off but she ended up bringing me a a cranberry concoction in a martini glass that was great and I was super surprised and pleased to see "cranberry juice" on my bill for $2 (I've noticed at a lot of other places alcohol free mocktails still tend to be almost as much as a real cocktail which is bullshavik - thanks Japonessa for being fair.  It's JUICE!)One thing we did agree on was their "hot" (spicy) food really wasn't very spicy but it's still great.  The prices are ridiculously low and these are for regular size rolls and not a smaller portion for a smaller price.  We had ginger chicken $5, a Seattle crunch roll $4.50, Spicy (but it really wasn't) crunch roll $4.50, Super bad boy roll $4.50, the delicious must have tempura brie $4 (omg so good with this awesome raspberry dipping sauce).  For dessert we had mochi ice cream (really good except skip the green tea, all three of us agreed it was gross and we'd all had mochi before).I will definitely go back to this place.  Delicious and great prices!!
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,12/8/2010,167,645,9,13,10>After hearing much about Anchovies & Olives and many mixed reviews, I finally had a chance to stop by the other night, and although we didn't order any entrees, I was definitely impressed with the crudo, as well as the wine selections.  In honor of the name of the restaurant, we started off with some anchovies, and were impressed right from the start.  Marinated fillets of white anchovies were paired with watermelon.  On paper, this sounds like a mistake, but the flavor combo works really well and the bites were delicious.  Never tried geoduck?  Anchovies & Olives had the best geoduck I've ever had  (and hence the 5 stars) - prepared with fennel and grapefruit.  Again, beautiful flavors, freshness, and the perfect texture.  We also had some of the happy hour oysters which were served with a scallion mignonette.  We got fat kumamoto oysters, and like the geoduck, very fresh.   Being part of the Ethan Stowell empire, Anchovies &Olives shares some of the same wines as his other restaurants, including a very good dry prosecco (Valdo) and Italian red (Altesino).  We did not have any of the pasta dishes, and seems like many reviewers were not too fond of them.  But if you stick to the crudo portion of the menu, Anchovies & Olives delivers on freshness and flavor.
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,12/7/2010,92,228,7,13,9>Hi Yelp...I've missed you.  I'm sorry I've been away, you see, life got really busy all of the sudden.  But I'm back and to make up to you for my absence, I'd like to offer up a humble review of a lovely little sushi place in Bothell.Meet SushiZone.  They've been promising us this place for a long time now and I've been waiting rather impatiently for it to show up, so when it did, there was rejoicing and an immediate trip there.  DOWN: kinda quiet on a Saturday afternoon.  On the other hand, it was after lunch so who knows.  (Please, go.  I mean, I don't want this place to be so busy I can't get in, but let's keep it around...)UP: they had football on TV.UP: it's really nicely appointed.UP: THERE'S TWO LEVELS OF CONVEYOR BELT.  The bottom is enclosed with little doors for easy access and it's for the hot foods only.  The top is for the raw stuffs. And oh, what lovely things, those raw stuffs.  Rainbow rolls on conveyor belt sushi?  Are you kidding?  That doesn't happen ever!  The fish was fresh, the rice was appropriately sticky (and you know how I am about that), and the selection and price range pretty wide.  Of note: did not see albacore, and that's why there's a star missing.The warm stuff involves your usual suspects - tempura, baked mussels, yakitori, yakisoba, and interestingly...bacon wrapped scallops.  Those didn't come out until we'd paid (d'oh!) so there's no way for us to know if they're good but they LOOK good.  And really...bacon.  And scallops.  Those two were meant to be together.Service was polite and friendly and they refilled my diet soda and the boyfriend's tea quickly.  I dig this place a LOT.  Still love me some Hana Sushi right up the street, but for slightly cheaper, more casual times I'll be hitting up SushiZone.
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,12/6/2010,381,768,7,11,8>I love this place so much... words not cannot express my love for all things Palisade.I finally got to try their Sunday brunch for my birthday this past weekend. I absolutely loved it. I got a little greedy with the all-you-can-eat luau bar but HEY, it was so damn worth the bloatedness afterwards.There were crab legs, cocktail shrimps, banana macadamia nut pancakes (OMG YUMMAY), creme brulee, fresh fruit, HUGE strawberries with chocolate fondue... and I don't even remember what else. It was just all too glorious and overwhelming.My bf and I also ordered a main entree, he got the salmon and he really enjoyed that and I ordered the fried mahi mahi with dungeness crab with asparagus and jasmine rice... it was SO good, I wish I could've finished it all but honestly, I want to go back for the brunch so bad. But I'll probably just stick to the luau bar but it's hard not to get an entree when it's only like a couple bucks more in addition to the $27 for the luau bar.I also ordered a guava mimosa... DELICIOUS!!!Definitely my best brunch experience ever.
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,12/5/2010,124,278,6,8,6>I still think Bricco has an amazing ambience, still very sexy. Love it!I've been here atleast three times; once on a first date, once with a friend, and once with a Mr. Priestley. (Between you and me, the Priestley man is hot stuff!!)Do you want to know why Bricco is so great?? They have this amazing wine that puts you in a perfect cozy mood. The setting is dim and there's a lot of rich, dark wood. Their menu consists of delectable treats like olives, bruschetta and crostini, cheese plates, salumi, and other charcuterie as well as entrees in the $16-20 range. Perfect for a date night!
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,12/4/2010,55,263,9,12,8>I'm giggling over the reviews that complain about Mutual Fish smelling like (gasp!) fish. When I walk into a bakery, I expect it to smell like bread and cookies, and when I walk into a fish store I expect there will be a slight aroma of things like salmon and saltwater. I grew up on the coast; Mutual Fish smells vaguely like the dock, which incidentally is where the fish are. It's not like there are decaying tuna carcasses lying around. I have been to Mutual Fish many times, and I consistently find that they have a good selection of items, mostly products from the Northwest. Which makes sense to me, considering that we live in (drum roll, please) the Northwest. I usually am there for the oysters, which are very reasonably priced and typically include varietals such as Kushi, Kumamoto, and Hood Canal types. If you're an oyster fan, consider learning to shuck 'em yourself and pick up a dozen for $9 at Mutual instead of paying $2 per bivalve at a restaurant!Oysters aside, Mutual offers other shellfish (including packages of razor clam meat on occasion), fin fish, and octopus. Great place to pick up sushi fixings, and they also have a small Asian market.
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,12/3/2010,99,177,7,15,7>I've been to practically every Vietnamese deli in the Seattle area, and this is the cleanest one of them all. Here are a few pointers. 1. Try out the Vietnamese subs. The difference between this place and other places is the type of bread they use. The dough is less dense and they are made FRESH right there. I've talked to the owner. There's 20+ people in the back making bread.  The BBQ pork and tofu are great...avoid the chicken. It's too dry to swallow.  2. Next to the cash register is a display of hum bao. Steamed buns with either pork or chicken. If the lady doesn't understand which one you want, here's a chance for you to practice your Viet. Chicken is "gaah" and pork is "hell". They both have a quail egg inside. Yum!3. Avoid the sweet buns. They're delivered from CA. Nothing special. Get fresh ones from "Delite Bakery" in Beacon Hill instead4. Hot food section (far left of the store) is a bit iffy. I tried the beef stew ($3/small portion) and it was way too fatty. Get it if you're malnourished or desperate.
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,10/29/2008,54,9,8,8,8>YOU have to check it out at least once! This is an awesome theater. It makes going to a movie such an intense experience. Like your almost in the movie. Whoa ... I think I am going a little to far now. Since my husband and I go to movies all the time and this theater is less affordable than others it becomes more of a special occasion. Plus I am no midget, but it isn't that comfortable to have to sit on your foot in order to see over the person in front of me. Now for my selfish plea...To all the tall, big haired, hat wearing people out there- in the future please, please, please, be aware of who you sit in front of at the movies. Don't pick the petite, 5'2 woman to sit right in front of... she paid the same amount to see a movie a the Cinerama as you did!
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2008,10/28/2008,91,486,19,13,13>Baranof: the Mullet of Seattle. i.e. "Business in the front, party in the back."When I first walked in for SHPOC happy hour, I wasn't sure I was in the right place, as I was faced with an empty diner-esque storefront. Then I saw some seedy characters disappearing into the back room, and I knew this was the place for me.The decor was suited for the wharf-monger crowd, plus some halloween decoration for festivity's sake. Waitresses who, bless their hearts, dealt with the yelp crowd bravely and efficiently. The bartenders poured with a generous wrist, just as reported! The ladies room, marked as such with a painting of Olive Oyl, had some mini stall doors, which eliminated that pesky need to squat down to look for feet. I ordered the roast turkey sandwich, and it was OK, though it didn't contain the cream cheese and cranberry sauce as advertised on the menu. The fries and tartar sauce, though--yum!*butts forehead with heel of hand* WHY didn't I ever come here when I lived a meager three blocks away!?
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,10/27/2008,199,210,13,11,10>It's a rare occasion where I will just show up at a party alone and drop my drawers. Well, rarer than it should be I guess. In any case, it was International No Pants Day and I chanced it to McLeod on my own, hoping that a couple Yelpers would show up there too. I walked from my car with my pants on, wanting to check out the scene first, but when I saw a guy smoking a cigarette out front in his boxers and tube socks, I knew the evening would work out OK.The Yelpers I was hoping to see showed up, but I was still in a good place coming alone. The pants to no pants ratio was easily at 80%, with lots of fun and playful people taking part. I made plenty of new friends, from the woman who makes Barbie porn to the woman with the cute little puppy, to a guy whose name I mis-heard as Bullet so he called me Ammo. The music was a ton of fun, the Maker's on the rocks were deep ($7 non-member), the PBRs were frosty ($2 non-member IIRC) and the art was generally intriguing. There's a digital camera and a screen mounted at the top of the stairs and using the provided costume accessories you can pose for fun pics that will get uploaded to Flickr. The No-Pants party really "took off" when the folks from the local Burlesque scene showed up. There were small bursts of typical Belltowners that showed up over the course of the night and it was funny to see them react to a room full of pantsless people. They didn't generally stick around for long. On the whole, a great crowd, fun music, cool environment, I will be back!
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,10/26/2008,153,353,16,15,15>Forgive me for I have sinned.Shortly after meeting a friend here for the late night happy hour on a dreary rainy Friday, I thought Yelp had led me astray because it now starts at 9:30, not 9. I began to doubt. However, we waited 10 minutes to get a seat at the small bar (never mind one of the mythical tables) and then noticed the line at 9:30 and how many of those people were still waiting an hour later and I realized that perhaps Yelp was just moving in mysterious ways. Coincidence or providence? You decide.After getting drinks, neither discounted nor optional since there's a $2.50 drink minimum to be eligible for the happy hour food, we ordered:- ($2 each) 2 1/2 burgers with fries: above average but not mind-blowing and the rationed portion of ketchup with which it came wasn't enough- ($2) calamari tentacles: personally satisfying to receive only the best part of the calamari, but it would have been better with a spicy tomato sauce as opposed to the provided options of cocktail sauce or aioli- ($4) black bean and shrimp nachos: skimpy on shrimp but tasty nonethelessIn retrospect, for 2 we probably should have only ordered 3 dishes, because then it might have been a remote possibility as opposed to a cruel joke to try one of the $2 desserts.The bar seems almost intentionally sized not to meet demand, so I echo the recommendation of arriving early or going on off days and keeping group size at 4 or below. Still, for Eastside happy hour with a few friends or that cute co-worker you're trying to feel out, this is one of the best choices around.
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,10/24/2008,779,709,17,14,22>I have a crush on the same hostess Mary does..freaky..and seriously the tattoo works.It's often hit or miss, but I love the grilled cheese here. Not fancy, not stupid, just good ol' regular happy melty cheese sammich. It's never been bad, just sometimes I moan more than others when eating it.Never made it here for breakfast, only lunches after days on Alki or at appointments that take me over this way.It's one of the places I infrequently haunt that has all the right "I just can't quite put my finger on it" things in location, seating, decor, and people that it rates so high.  I like my lil devil sticker too.
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2008,10/22/2008,114,68,36,30,31>Psst--come here. Crouch down. Shhhh! Lean in: There are shysters among us. Swindlers. Tricksters. Wise guys. They congregate behind Ballard Market's fish counter. And they're scheming to sell us bad fish.Last night, I served up the most revolting dinner to an important guest. It was sick. S-I-C-K. It tasted like rot. After one bite, I knew it. The VIP knew it. The cat knew it. There was no hiding from the stench. I can still smell the bone caries in my hair and hand. Gourmet magazine told me it would be delectable. Miso-glazed Sea Bass with Asparagus! AHMMMM! Epicurious thought it would be a smash hit. 4 forks! Highest rated International! A Cook from Los Angeles said it was "very tasty." A Cook from Brussels said theirs was "great!" A Cook from tribecanyc deemed the recipe "excellent and easy!"  No fail! Klutz proof! Why did my version turn out so vile? Why did it taste like Decomposition? Why did the diners glance around at each other before sending their eyes downward at their sad putrefied plates? The fish, Sirs! The Ballard Market fish. They were out of sea bass, so I told the fish guy what I was cooking and asked him which salmon he recommended in its stead. He trumped both salmon options that pleased me with a hard sell of the black cod. "This will be perfect--really good with that preparation--yep, seriously: go with it!" Black cod, least popular seller. Black cod, a cheapish fish, which was no bargain here at $17.99 a pound. Black cod that had clearly been sitting long, lonely and pimpled behind the counter with no one to sign its dance card. Because Japanese preparations are so simple, the freshness of ingredients are key. I trusted that he steered me right. He's the fish guy! The Ballard Market Fish Guy! Like Father, he must know best!The Fool-Me-Twice-Shame-On-Me, Sucker tragedy of the whole event is that this is the SECOND time I fell for this racket at Ballard Market. Another aimless fish counter stop, they had something great to sell me: Skate---"This is a REAally tasty fish! The reason it's cheap is that the market has not embraced it, but the market is ignorant! It's an under-the-radar find!" Oh?! Okay! Sold! [Blichh and Blechh and grody textured BLACHH.] Since the rest of Ballard Market contains rows of tasty treasures and the produce and bulk sections gleam, let's call it 3 stars. But know this, Ballard Market Fish Men: I'm ON to you.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2008,10/21/2008,63,63,19,15,17>I wish I were clever enough to pen a song about my secret love affair with fake meat. If I were, trust me--it would break hearts, start revolutions, and unite enemy nations in a gluttonous feast of goodwill. Fake meat, you complete me.I was lucky enough to find myself at Moonlight Cafe for the first time recently with a charming dinner companion. Together we sampled the Cashew Chicken and the Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs (both veg). It's wonderful that they have full menus for meat-eaters and vegetarians. Everyone can get just what they want. Both of our dishes were delicious, with fully-flavored sauces and a perfect texture to the fake meat. The portions were generous, perfect for family-style dining. Moonlight is a bit divey, it's true, but the service was efficient and friendly, the tea flowed freely, and the restaurant clean and pleasant enough. And personally, if I'm staring down a heaping plate of delicious food I'd rather be in a place where I can really stuff my face without worrying about whether my ankles are crossed in an appropriately ladylike fashion. I've been thinking about that peppery chicken and the sweet, toothsome spare ribs for several days now, so I will definitely be making many more trips to Moonlight Cafe.
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,10/20/2008,704,321,26,20,17>There are some things I just don't tend to notice these days... one of them is the child friendliness of an area... the other is whether or not my pants are on backwards... ahem... Anywhoo.... my parents were in town with some of the toddlers from their daycare, and we found ourselves in Ballard looking for a trough   appropriate for the little knee biters.It was a total shock to me,  but Balmar, The Matador, and The Smoke Shop (bar side), all turned us away! I felt like we were lepers! (I am one of course... but with the level of today's political correctness's, it's really unusual for anyone to bring it up in polite company... unless I'm molting).Then out of the darkness created by our sterilization from polite society,  a beacon of light emerged as I saw a play table in the window of Snoose Junction! It's been a long time since I've been around children but I seemed to remember that they liked pizza and candy corn. The later Snoose does not have, but what they lack in waxy corn simulated candy, they more then make up for in delicious pizza! The sauce is just the right level of spicy... as an all over pizza, I think it can get a little greasy.... but I've always thought it was weird to complain about the greasiness of pizza when it's three main ingredients are cheese, sausage, and pepperoni? It's nothing that a dab with a high quality Egyptian  cotton towel can't soak up. Plus... you can squeeze the towel out and use the goop that comes out as a great bearing grease for your Prius! Bonus is... every time you go over 55 your wheels smell like pure magic!
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,10/19/2008,61,176,5,8,6>Just go here, try it out!  You are supporting your local farms and wineries by doing so and possibly save fuel by not trekking into the city.  You can't go wrong!  It's located conveniently on Bothell Way but back far enough to be relaxing and peaceful.  The building itself is a beautiful Craftsman style building with warm wood floors, a fireplace and charm that make you want to move in.  Cozy enough for a romantic dinner or share the experience with some close friends or business associates.  The food is amazing, simply done but succulent, juicy and flavorful.  Chef Ivan is true to the ingredients and his pairings and sauces are the ultimate compliment.  Your taste buds will thank you.  I went there craving a Cab Franc I had a year ago that was a WA wine.  I was hoping that this would be the place to get it.  Okay so they didn't have what I was looking for but Adrienne found us the closest 2nd I could have asked for in a blend that was 45% Cab Franc.  It was de-lish and went perfectly with our food choices.  The Grilled Romaine Salad was amazing.  My husband chose this and I preferred it over the Strawberry Rhubarb I chose.  The grilling gave the lettuce a smokey sweet flavor but there was still a crispness left to lend itself to it's true salad form.  The dressing was the perfect compliment and the polenta tots were a nice addition, we ordered them separately as an appetizer.My husband chose the Seared Chicken, it was perfectly done and the use of pepper was ultimate, he loved it!  I had the Rack of Wild Boar, the meat was more salty than I expected but the coffee glaze, combined with the potatoes, onions and broccoli rabe were an excellent combination.  The winner of the whole night were the Goat Cheese Fritters and Honey Lavendar Ice Cream that we ordered for desert!  I'm now convinced that the combination of Goat Cheese and Lavendar are an aphrodisiac!  I've had this before at the Palace Kitchen in the form of a Fondue that I highly recommend and was the reason I chose this desert.  Hubby chose the fried apple pie and nearly licked his plate clean to the point of almost embarrassment!  You can tell both Chef Ivan and Adrienne take alot of pride in what they have created.  They walk around and interract with everyone but not invasively so.  The servers also seem to share in this pride and are attentive, timely and friendly.  Our server was also honest, if she hadn't tried a dish or wine, she would let us know and would seek the recommendation of either Adrienne or Chef Ivan.  Never did our water glasses reach below half way and our food came out in a steady flow.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,10/18/2008,54,26,13,7,9>I love the idea of detoxing. It makes me feel better about toxing.  Many days out of the month I'll ignore my better judgment and turn the inside of my body into a something probably resembling a briny, gin-soaked can of spam. This is all, of course, done in the name of enjoying life.  But functioning in the daytime without shaking, sweating and crying vodka tears is something I also enjoy.  I need  to yinnify my yang of  overindulgence. Often I'll just turn to a bottle of kombucha with aloe juice, which tastes exactly like a really expensive mouthful of vinegar and quarters.So imagine my gleeful surprise when I found Remedy Teas! Finally a place that serves not only healthy, cleansing, simple food, but has roughly a hundred and fifty teas all tailored to what, specifically, is bumming you out today. Oh boy! And best of all, some of these teas come with..........ALCOHOL!!!!!Within their extensive menu of delicious foods, pastries, chocolates and smoothies lies a section dedicated to organic beer, wine, sake and even some very clever tea cocktails. Genius! Why in the hell are places like this so difficult to come across? Everything you need to survive all at once! I think that I will make this place my new favorite hangout just in case zombies ever invade the world.
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2007,3/11/2007,470,585,13,15,9>This neighborhood grocery has the goods... most of the time, but it depends on what you're looking for.Groovy Chinese and Japanese toys? OMG, you will be in heaven, especially if you read those languages and can figure out what's actually IN some of the unlabeled boxes without breaking the tape seals. LOL Some boxes have pictures which help, and their Hello Kitty section is legendary. My 7-year old's eyes just about fell out of her head at all that pink plastic goodness.Ramen or other noodles? You think you'd be happy, but this is actually where things fell apart for me. There's literally a whole aisle of noodles... but they don't have what I want, bales of plain ramen noodles. I used to buy these in the tiny Chinese markets in Philly, 10 "flakes" of ramen in a big plastic wrapper for 59 cents (this is the equivalent of 10 packets of ramen noodles). I survived on packages of those noodles, carrots, and celery for over a year as a poor 19 year old, and I miss them. They have every kind of interesting vegetable and fruit in the produce section, most of it beautifully crisp and fresh; I had fun introducing my kids to kumquats, which they'd never had before. They have tons of different fish and sushi preparations in the refrigerated meat cases, but some of them look really sketchy to me. The frozen food section, the candy/crackers section, and the canned goods aisles are all extensive, full of crazy-fun treats. Sour candies are especially popular with my kids.And of course, if you're serious about cooking any kind of Asian cuisine and want the raw ingredients or prepared sauces and what-not, they are likely to have it here.Best of all, the people working there are efficient and friendly. They not only tolerated my dumb blonde white-girl questions about fish sauce and starfruit, but the Korean guy stocking the noodle aisle and I had a great discussion about the different kinds of ramen; he commiserated that they didn't have the kind I want (but he said that they usually do), and he suggested a substitute that I might not have tried but that I really like. Have you ever looked at any of those pre-packaged noodle bowls with flavor packets? It's astonishing how many of them are over the US RDA in sodium in just a single snack-size bowl!The cashier offered my daughter a piece of mango chewing gum. She was on sensory overload but she still tried it, loved it, and the gal gave her two more pieces. I thought that was really nice of her.The store itself has been there for a number of years, and while it's clean, it's definitely not brand-new-Whole-Foods sparkling. Who cares? The health department says it's OK. But while I'm so glad that they have restrooms that customers can use, they are not super-clean... but clean enough. LOLFinally, my favorite find last time: banana-flavored corn puff snacks. Just like Cheetos, but not. The "wrong" taste (banana, not fluorescent orange cheese) fucks with your brain, if you're from here, but I think I like them anyway.
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2007,3/10/2007,40,39,9,9,8>I love good handwritings. I especially admire people that has good cake-handwritings. While on my mission acquiring the sacred birthday cake for my dear sis, I went to Dahlia for the very first time today. There weren't much choice for me on such a short notice, there was the banana something something cake on the left, and banana something something on the right. Tough choice. The bakery girl picked the banana something something on the right for me. While she took my cake to get it nicely written on, I waited in the front working very hard to get in every customers' way. And during that few minutes, my brain also worked the hardest in the past few months, trying to decide what else I want to take home with me...10 minutes later, I walked out with three boxes of stuff, and the coolest candle ever. --long thin candle, warm it, bend and twist as you desire--Red Wine Chocolate Tart with Rose Water - I consumed what seemed like a decorative rose petal. People don't usually eat roses, do they? In any case, it was good. I will update if my stomach doesn't agree later on. Banana something something cake - dense and moist. Subtle banana flavor between each layers. And I guess my sister's latest obsession is banana, so bonus points for me.Did I mention someone in that kitchen has good cake-handwriting?
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2006,3/9/2007,36,106,6,9,5>As my sister so eloquently put it, "El Gaucho is not a restaurant, it is a dining experience." The restaurant has the feel of an exclusive supper club out of the 1920s or 30s. The dining room is decked out in mahogany and dark leather with mood lighting to match. While this means it can occasionally be hard to see your food, it also means you don't have to look at the ridiculous gaucho jackets they make the servers wear. Seriously, the name is enough. We get it.While the servers attire is a bit eccentric, the food is absolutely top-notch. Granted, the top-notch quality comes with top-notch prices. I paid $60 for my steak, but what a steak it was! El Gaucho does not suffer from the presentation over substance curse of other upscale dining establishments. Their food is straightforward like a slab of beef to the face.I started my meal with the Gaucho salad, which was ample and covered in juicy cocktail shrimp. The salad was basic, high quality greens, dressing and shrimp piled high.I ordered the New York peppercorn steak as my main course. Many of the steaks at El Gaucho can be ordered in a variety of sizes. The peppercorn however comes only as a massive 16 oz cut encrusted in black pepper and served in nothing but its juices. Side dishes are served family style at El Gaucho. We ordered two helpings of asparagus, an order of mashed potatoes and the mushroom risotto. The asparagus was delicate and steamed to perfection with just the right amount of crunch. The mashed potatoes were unremarkable, but they were the cheapest side on the menu at only $5. The risotto drop kicked the Flying Fish's risotto in the face and ran off with its girlfriend. It was flavorful and rich without being overbearing and the grains of rice retained their firm texture while still blending nicely with the sauce.For desert, my mother and sister ordered Bananas Foster, which came with a flaming floor show (meaning fire, not geigh). I had the chocolate bourbon cake. The cake was fluffy and moist... like the inside of a baby bunny if it were made of chocolate cake.In the end, our meal came to a little over $100 per person, but every once in a while you just need to blow a wad on a giant hunk of meaty goodness.P.S. I ate about half of the peppercorn steak at the restaurant and had the BEST grilled steak and cheese sandwich today with the leftovers.
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2006,3/8/2007,438,688,11,3,3>In my fantasy world, I have a girlfriend and a boyfriend and I buy them both hot undies from retail therapy and then we strut around in them. Then we burn the scented candles that turn into massage oil.
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2007,3/6/2007,54,103,6,12,6>First guy to review Wax On? No girls, I won't scare you with a Brazilian story, don't worry.  I was impressed by the waxing thread ( yelp.com/topic/o_cfhvDBY… ) posted a few months ago, so I stopped by Wax On after a hair cut at Rudy's to find out about getting my arms waxed to prep for a sleeve tattoo.  Not only were they fast & relatively painless (well, compared to the tattoo), but the price was reasonable.  Best part is no stuble while my tattoo is healing and I can get 2 sessions in before I need to get another wax.  Thanks for the tip ladies.After having visited the Belltown location several times, I've found the service a little inconsistent.  I had a very fast and excellent quality job done one time (by the owner/manager?), while other times have taken quite a bit longer with a good deal of hair missed that I had to tweeze myself.
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2007,3/5/2007,63,97,6,7,9>5-stars for sure. Every single time I drive by this place I grin a little bit only because the beat-up appearance of the place screams "I defy change" as the surrounding buildings are torn down and redeveloped. The first time I visited was back in 7th grade! That's right, I'm 23 now. You do the math. This place is OLD - by my youngin' standards. It still looks the same from the outside that it did way I wore glasses as thick as Coke bottles. Thoughts on food? I've never had a dish that tasted less than "Mmm rub my stomach and hobble out [ready for a nap]" good. French toast with a steak? Go ahead! Scrambled eggs and mashed potatoes? Sure! One day I hope to take my own kids here. Let's just hope I find less excuses to visit so I can do so - (I doubt any of the dishes are on Jenny Craig's list of safe foods to eat diet list).
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2007,3/4/2007,141,930,8,6,5>My car, affectionately known as Cherry, was a bit dirty.  With all the rain and snow and salt water it's been exposed to lately she was no longer red but more a dusty rose and I wasn't having any of it.  So Saturday when it was sunny out I took my Cherry to the Pink Elephant to get washed.  I hadn't been there in a while, since last summer probably but for the record I have washed my car since than.  I pull up and they ask what kind of wash I want, tell me to stay in my car but have me pay (a little expensive for a car wash if you ask me) and get this I get to drive my Cherry through the car wash!!!  Yes they now have you drive your own car through the car wash!!!  I was so excited, the last time I remember being able to sit in any car while it went through a car wash was years and years ago I think I was still in elementary school so this was a treat.  Unfortunately it wasn't nearly as much fun as I remembered it being but it was still fun.Once it was out of the car wash I pulled up in line and someone went to work drying it, washing the windows, washing the tires and vacuuming the inside out.  They did an excellent job Cherry was back to her shiny Cherry self and I was happy.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2007,3/3/2007,21,83,15,15,8>Greenwood PT has the cure for drunken handstands gone awry.  I started going here after my doctor wrote me a referral because of an awful knot in my neck which had been caused by a number of things including drunken handstands, sitting too long in front of my computer and stress. But mostly drunken handstands. Before I went to Greenwood PT, I had been hesitant to see someone other than my primary care physician.  That's mostly because I'm cheap. See, the thing about me is I can easily rationalize paying well over a $100 for a pair of jeans, but tell me that it's going to cost me $40 for some prescription drugs and I'll be hollering for you to pass me that jug of Whiskey so I can slug down a few sips before you yank my out my cavity with a pair of jewelry pliers.  Or, more likely, I'll just suffer.  And, before Greenwood PT, I didn't have the foggiest clue that an alternative method other than GRIN YOUR TEETH AND BEAR IT might be covered by my medical insurance. So, with referral in hand, I called them up and voiced my concerns about insurance coverage.  The receptionist was pleasant and understanding.  She noted my insurance information and explained she would review coverage before my first appointment.  Then THAT SAME DAY she called me back and explained what would be covered and what wouldn't and pretty much all around did a great job helping me navigate through the confusing world of insurance billing.Then there's the actual PT part of the business at Greenwood PT.  Mari, my physical therapist, is a tiny spitfire who knows what she's doing and genuinely cares about me getting better.  Time after time, she's armed me with exercises and information that help me understand why my body is responding the way it's responding, and helped me make the proper adjustments to get things back on track. No pun intended.  So, if you've ever been at your wits ends with neck, back, or drunken handstand pain, then you'll understand why I'm so crazy in love with Greenwood PT.  Also, with or without a referral you might be surprised what your medical insurance covers.  It might be worth your time to give Greenwood PT a call just to check.  I promise.  They'll make it as painless as possible.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2007,3/1/2007,49,119,7,14,13>Why I love Vain:1. THE STYLISTSJenny Slay has been cutting my hair for almost six years. She's coached me through weird post-dreadlock curls, short-hair grow out, betty page bangs, going darker, going lighter, and growing my hair all the way out. A year ago I walked in and said "My hair is now long and straight and brown. I am bored. I always wear my hair in two braids. I want something exciting. Help me." She bleached the tips of my braids and dyed them bright pink. If I had a dollar for every compliment, I think I would have earned the haircut back two or three times. This hair is now my trademark. My hairdresser gave me a trademark! I love her.2. THE SERVICEVain might seem like a hipster salon, but there's no attitude. I often find myself sitting in a chair between a 50 year old woman who looks like she's from Kirkland, and a 15 year old with braces, and both are getting awesome love from their stylists. While Vain is undeniably hip and bad-ass, there is absolutely NO elitism or pretentious BS from the staff. It's not like one of those Salons (cough*RUDY'S*cough) where the bad attitude is part of how they make you think they're cool. You don't have to be "cool" to go to this very cool salon. You get respect at Vain, whether you're going for a pink mohawk or a little foiling to cover your gray. (That said, you'd get triple love if you went for a pink mohawk to cover your gray.)3. IT FEELS GOODI went into Vain recently and was actually *disappointed* that I my pre-cut wait was only 5 minutes. The fireplace and couch and store in the front of the space are so cozy and comfy....I just wanted to hang out there for a while. How many waiting rooms can you say that about?FINAL PROOF:When I lived in LA for a year and a half, I insisted on getting my hair done on trips home to Seattle. Nothing in LA could compare with my beloved Vain.
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,2/28/2007,12,19,,9,7>I used to live in Northern Italy, and can say with some confidence that Via Tribunali gets it right in so many ways. Via Tribunali is one of the only pizzerias outside of Italy to have the "Vera Pizza Napoletana" certification. The Vera Pizza Napoletana Guidelines are:1. A Wood-Burning Oven:Pizza Napoletana must be cooked in a wood-fired dome oven. Gas, coal or electric ovens, while capable of produce wonderful pizza, do not conform to the Pizza Napoletana tradition.2. Proper Ingredients:Tipo 00 flour, San Marzano (plum) tomatoes, all natural fior-di-latte or bufala mozzarella, fresh basil, salt and yeast. Only fresh, all-natural, non-processed ingredients are acceptable.3. Proper Technique:Pizza dough kneaded either by hand, or with a low speed mixer. No mechanical dough shaping, such as a dough press or rolling pin, and proper pizza preparation. Pizza baking time should not exceed 90 seconds. 4. Proper Equipment:A proper work surface (usually a marble slab) and a wood-fired oven operating at roughly 800F.5. The Final Product, Pizza Napoletana:Pizza Napoletana is not larger than 14 with a raised edge crust and thin (.11 inch) center. The pizza should be soft and elastic, and easily foldable, not hard or brittle. The thin crust, menu listed in Italian, brick walls, poor light, yellow glassed wood light fixtures, and close quarters help me to forget that I am in the States. Now if everyone would stop speaking English it would be perfect....To speak to some other's complaints: You do have to wait and it is a little pricey.As far as the waiting goes it is like when you were a kid at the amusement park and had to wait in that long line.  But when you finally got your turn on the log ride you wanted it to last for forever.  Be patient, accept the wait and be easy about it; it is worth it. Have a drink at the bar; if you can squeeze in, the martinis are fabulous. Or leave your cell number and see if they will call you when your table is ready. Waltzing into the place and getting seated with only a nod to the host really makes you feel like a rock star. Via Tribunali is a little pricy, but worth every dime. The house wines are affordable and decent (not great, but drinkable). The salads are delicious, and don't be afraid to have arugula on a pizza; the leafy bitterness balances the sweetness of the tomato and creamy weight of the cheese.
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,11/20/2012,200,357,9,16,12>I don't know about tapas in Boston or San Francisco or other places for that matter, but having recently returned from an extended vacation to Spain, I can speak for tapas from Barcelona and Madrid. Gaudi serves delicious authentic Spanish tapas with incredibly warm, welcoming and personal service that makes you feel like you are having dinner at someone's home. We celebrated a birthday here with a large group of folks. Big parties are always tricky to handle, especially when you are the owner/server/bartender/, but Joan managed the task with ease and grace. It felt unobtrusive, yet we received plenty of attention.As for the food, all of the tapas were delicious. Sausages and cured meats are made by the chef/owner in house, and pack a ton of flavor. Jamon, spicy chorizo and a sausage without casings that I can't remember the name of, were all perfect starters to our meal. Add some Spanish tortilla, which is a sort of a thick potato omelette, with a bit of garlic aioli on the side. Meaty steamed mussels with just a touch of herbs, onions and white wine, served with grilled rustic herb bread were divine and perfectly tender. I could just eat those every day. For the main course we shared three different paellas, rich with meats, seafood and Mediterranean flavors.We also consumed what seemed like countless pitchers of white and red sangria. I loved the cava (white) sangria for its refreshing citrus taste and effervescence! Sangria pitchers may seem spendy at $20-22, but you get a large pitcher enough for at least 6-8 glasses.The whole experience brought is back to Barcelona and we had a wonderful celebration evening filled with fantastic food, laughter, conversations and stories. Although Gaudi has an obscure location, it is well worth a visit and multiple returns.
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/19/2012,112,326,25,19,21>So if I were in an '80s metal band and let's just say for the sake of argument that I also loved meat... and maybe I wrote a ballad about my love affair with meat... I'd probably call this song Fuuumaaaaaaacaaaaaaaaaaaa! Sizzling, burning spicy meats! Gonna put you in my mouf you tasty treats! Fuuuumaaaaacaaaaaa!!! And the hair is going everywhere and I'm jumping around the table kicking knives and forks all over the place...This rodizio is essentially a meat buffet... hence my excitement. Here's the deal kids.You come and throw down your $40, and they parade a myriad of meaty goodness around the restaurant for you to devour with your toothy maw. Bacon wrapped chicken, garlic steak, lamb, martian, fillet, ribs, etc. The friendly staff will walk up to your table as long as your "feed me puck" is turned green side up and offer you their current meat. Accept or decline based on your tastes (I always accept. ALWAYS!) and enjoy a tasty morsel. In a few minutes another bit of meat artistry comes prancing over to your table to delight your taste buds. You eat till you turn your "feed me puck" red side up, they close up for the night or till you explode. After dinner mint? Check. The staff here are ridiculously nice and just want you to have the best dining experience possible... and maybe they also want you to explode from eating too much meat; don't hate them for it. Based on their location parking can be a little hectic but the times of the night I've gone it's never been a problem. They also make it super easy to make reservations from Yelp/Open Table so you have no excuse to not have a table ready for you to sprinkle little bits of meaty bliss all over. I'm not a big fella but I can eat a small state's (think Rhode Island) worth of meat so I definitely get my money's worth from Fumaca. Eh hem... excuse me... Fuuumaaaaacaaaaa!From their food to their service they do it right. I've brought a few different folks here since I learned of their existence and will continue to share the beauty that is the Brazilian meat buffet. I'm a huge fan!
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/18/2012,127,231,3,6,4>This is the BEST organic, vegan, gluten-free bakeries in Seattle, and I'm thankful I live and work within walking distance of this place!While the name has changed, the owner has remained the same.  The fabulous treats they serve has not changed either.Jonesing for a chocolate cupcake?  Forget Cupcake Royale, Wild Prairie will hook you up.Feel like having a chocolate chip cookie?  Or an almond croissant?  Maybe a cinnamon roll?  Wild Prairie has it!Need to custom order a cake?  Megan (the owner) will work with you.The prices are comparable to other organic, vegan, GF bakeries, but the service and food are second to none.  This place gets 5 stars for carrying Daiya cheese! (love it!)Wild Prairie Bakery - thank you for serving the organic, vegan, GF community!
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,11/17/2012,340,260,4,6,4>Tacoma's KING of Happy Hour is Pacific Grill...11:30-10pm Mon-Thur? WOW!Imbibed on a pom drop (At regular price..boo) and finished with a couple of $5 white wine (house). Got the bar menu and we shared the spicy tuna poke (DELICIOUS!), cold pork tenderloin and BBQ pork sliders (PLUS points for sweet potato fries).The restaurant itself is quite posh although did not feel pretentious at all...we came very early for happy hour (~4pm) but saw it started picking up around 6-7pm with a few eye candy here and there making us go DAMN we should have came later...otherwise definitely agree with all the other 3-5 star reviews on here...again depends on your experience on that day at that visit but otherwise, will definitely make repeat stops!
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,11/16/2012,125,66,6,8,6>I recently met a good friend for dinner at the newly opened Vessel and cannot say enough good things about this place....(Obviously we'll start with) Drinks: Is it wrong to think that an ice cube is sexy? If it is, I recommend you do not order any of their delicious cocktails with ice because their hand cut ice cubes are literally a thing of beauty - and the fact that the ice cubes stand out when their drinks are so divine is quite impressive.Food: The menu presented itself so delectably that we practically ordered one of everything on it and the food did not disappoint; rich in flavor, seasoned to perfection, the whole nine yards. Then we had dessert, a sundae of sorts, a whiskey caramel one, which has now ruined all sundaes everywhere for me because I am 100% certain that I will never experience a sundae so good.Ambiance: They say that hospitality is all in the little touches and in the service and clearly Vessel took this information to heart. There was not one single detail left out in the design and execution and the service was top notch.Location: Thank you Vessel for bringing such a great establishment to an area that I often find myself but has long been void of good options for grabbing a decent cocktail. Its just two or so blocks from the hustle and bustle of downtown yet tucked away enough that you do not have to deal with the insanity.Well done Vessel, well done.
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,11/15/2012,272,312,6,16,10>What a great and convenient service, $46 RT from Seattle to Portland.I can handle being stuck in a vehicle for hours, but the Bolt Bus comes equipped with free wifi and power outlets.  These two things will make your trip go by in a blink of an eye.  Granted the wifi isn't very fast (aka don't try to youtube), but it'll work for general browsing and facebooking.I was going to give this a 5 star anyways, but for my return trip back to Seattle we were informed that our Bolt Bus broke down and that we would we riding a Grey Hound bus.  Not a big deal, it was to leave on time, just no wifi or outlet.  Due to this inconvenience, they refunded us and even had a manager drive down to us and give us a personal apology.I highly recommend using the Bolt Bus and look forward to my next trip.
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,11/14/2012,172,264,9,9,14>Narwhal is giving Cha Cha a run for its money as my favorite bar in Seattle. Descending the stairs is like a whirlwind hazy acid trip or something equally crazy. The decor is lovely-- I love the huge space and funky things to look at. They've got all kinds of pinball and old school arcade games upkept by another favorite hang out (Shorty's), a table designed to work and look like an old style ferris wheel seat, lots of booths and seating, a claw game with tons of hilarious stuff inside, a spinning wheel game behind the bar. I love the merry-go-round seating as well, which I am told will eventually house all kinds of different acts. Food needs to be ordered upstairs, but there are several bartenders and a full drink selection down here. The coolest thing that ever happened to me in a bar:I was staring into the claw game, admiring the various prizes when a man walked up to me. "If you could pick anything in there, what would you choose?"Thinking it was just a random question, I quickly pointed out a stuffed unicorn. "That one!" The guy whips out keys and hands me the unicorn! Where else does that kind of thing happen? LOVE at first drink.
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,11/13/2012,468,742,8,11,9>I love how Ba Bar is just a walk away from the workplace. Sometimes during breaks, I'll run here and grab a cup of Vietnamese coffee and some blood orange macarons to satisfy my sweet tooth. They both hit the spot, even though I think their coffee is a little over priced.As for food, I've only had the Mì Vt Tim (duck confit soup with egg noodles) and the Chicken Pho.  The duck soup was pretty good, I like the egg noodles but the duck seemed over cooked.  When I tried the Chicken Pho, I thought it wasn't going to be worth it but so far I like this better than the duck soup.  The broth was flavorful and the soft boiled egg was perfect.Ba Bar also has great hours that caters to both morning folks and late night peeps. I definitely will be coming back!
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,11/12/2012,557,196,6,13,6>This is definitely one of Seattle's finest spots! Rover's provide's an exquisite experience with a clean french modern cuisine. Typically it's a tasting menu....But luckily Seattle Restaurant week offers the opportunity to dine at a fraction of the cost (for us non-ballers). So why not!The wild chicken (fowl) w/lentils and celery puree, and smoked trout quail egg appetizer were absolutely amazing. Fresh, harmonized, and leaves you wanting more. We also had the halibut and the dunk confit which were solid dishes. Your dessert options are pretty money. The tapioca brulee was my go to. I just love crystalized sugar.This is the best $28 dollars spent ever for Restaurant Week. As long as Rover's participants in Restaurant Week, I will always continue to make reservations. However, when I need to celebrate, the Rover's experience will be highly considered.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,11/11/2012,615,688,6,8,7>Thank you for being so close to home! I love that I can walk to this shop, it's near my bus and near the beach.  Yeah, I'm bias.  I woke my lazy weekend butt up and walked over.  Got a giant iced Americano and some yummy thing with raspberries for $3.  Yeah.... that's happiness.  I love that the crowds there are a nice mix.  The old, the young, kids, beach goers, locals, joggers and dogs.  The place just has a nice neighborhood feel.  Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating too.  It's a good place to people watch or sit with a friend and catch up. They take the whole organic-saving-the-world seriously too.  Check out the cups and signs everywhere.  What I love is that they serve Mighty-O donuts with all their vegan goodness and they carry the seductive line of Theo candy bars.  Even the beloved Thai Curry and Chai ones.  Yum!
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,7/1/2010,91,211,15,11,9>I've eaten here twice recently, so count this review twice. Also I may soon be twice as big as I am now. I love pasta. I love La Spiga. The first time I visited, I was immediately impressed by the beautiful vaulted ceilings, rustic floors, and ambient lighting ... but at the end of the night I would have rated it about four stars. Delicious gnocchi - but it's hard to screw up gnocchi. They are basically nuggets. Service was ok but not standout.The second time I visited, I was lucky to have an amazing waiter. He was intimately familiar with the wine list, gave us confidence in our Italian pronunciations, and just generally was around two minutes before the glass was dry. THEN, to top the night off, I had the best beef tenderloin of my life.The best beef tenderloin of my life.Finished up with three brain-melting desserts. (There were four of us, ok. Let's pretend we split them evenly and I did not dig into all of them like a rabid bear...)
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2009,6/30/2010,99,124,11,15,15>This place has caught my attention as I've walked down the block it shares with Anchovies & Olives and Healeo. I've seen the person-shaped grass planter a few times (and have had to stop my dog from using it as a relief station). I ducked in to see if the inside was as clever as their front stoop and I was impressed. This is a cool urban gardening store! Envy carries plants, pots, tools, and even some patio furniture. For a small store, there are some great selections. The plants are well-arranged, healthy, and reasonably priced. The two gents working the store are also friendly and helpful, working within your size, light and budget. They will also email you a profile of your plant with info on ideal placement, watering and feeding - how cool is that!?! I thought I'd look for something small to add some life to a table. A plant on the counter caught my attention as it was in a beautiful, simple pot with some found glass covering the soil. The helpful guy behind the counter who turned out to be Jay, the owner, said "I can make you one of those," and the rest is history. I picked a pot, an Alocasia plant with cool, pointy green and purple leaves, and some polished river stones, and now I have a beautiful plant that will make my other pots green with envy...
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,6/29/2010,37,230,9,12,12>Descend down some stairs into a large red lit room full of booths, tables and chairs with the bar area in the back.Found the party we were meeting back up with who notified us that they had been there for a bit and they have yet been attempted to be served and / or given a menu.  HMMM..One of us goes to find service and some menus..  He disappears for a bit longer and another goes to find the server.After she was made aware that we were there.. She was actually quite attentive, on top of things and pleasant.  I think it's just hard to know who's new to the place or get noticed due to the dim lighting, etc.Main reason why we came here was because we wanted some food before we continued drinking that night.Mostly "Mexican" menu consisting of Tacos, Burritos, Nachos, etc.The Tacos were $2.95 each and can come with a hard shell, wheat soft shell or corn soft shell and were ok in size and the two who were eating them, didn't seem dissatisfied.  I had the small Nachos with shredded beef which was $5.95 and pretty decent.Go through a door that looks like a fire exit door and there is a covered back porch type of area that you can smoke and drink.By the way, if you are looking for "normal" (what's normal anyway????) people, don't come here.  I'd say that you can find punk, goths, dreadlock haired, tattooed and pierced people here with alternative music playing.  My kind of people at times, even though I might not look like one, that was me back in the day!!!
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2009,6/28/2010,124,582,23,19,17>Note to the United States Postal Service: Please forward my mail to the following address.c/o Healeo1520 15th AveSeattle, WA 98122I'll be moving in to eat and drink only fruits, vegetables, grains, and non-dairy millks. To peruse the wall of supplements, deciding whether a little valerian root, CQ-10, or MSM would be best today. To sip on luscious brightly-colored smoothies full of things like agave nectar, cacao nibs, kale, coconut milk, bananas or dates. (Not all in the same cup, though....) To eat a lunch of vegan soup, or drink cold tea in the afternoon, or hot tea in the afternoon, or coffee. It all depends....To sit in the sun, inside or out, and fully indulge my most decadent healthy soul. At night, to curl up in a little wheatgrass forest, rest my head on a pillowy bag of goji berries, and drift off to sleep....Thank you.
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,6/27/2010,410,224,11,10,8>people go on and on and on about the Cuban sandwich at Paseo's.  I have found my Paseo in Meza.  GOOD GOD their sandwich is amazing!  The flavors were SO well-balanced, each bite creating massive waves of saliva in my mouth.  Sorry to be so descriptive but seriously.The Havana. HAVANah! HAVANAAAAA!!!! Amongst other yummy treats.  geez I can't even say anything more.  I dream of this taste in my mouth.  Go there during happy hour. you will NOT be disappointed.The food takes a bit longer but the service is more attentive.  They have super yummy sangria.  Appetizers are amazing.  The staff is sweet and knowledgeable.  Tables and napkins and silverware, oh my! :) Mmmmm.... i can't wait to go back.
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/4/2010,6/25/2010,117,98,5,9,6>Armed with a complimentary gift certificate from the owner, I gave Trophy another shot. I was pleasantly surprised to find the cupcakes were much better than my previous visit but they remain forgettable. So much so that I can't really recall what we tried, aside from the Guinness Stout and Snickerdoodle. The cupcakes were moist and not overbearingly sweet, but unfortunately did not win me over in the cupcake establishment war.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,6/24/2010,18,61,12,19,18>I JUST WENT! What a great new place. It feels so exciting to have our own cheese shop that is independent and not a part of QFC or Whole Foods. I tried about 5 cheeses when I went. I told the saleswoman that I thought the blue was saltier than I usually liked, and she gave me a different blue that was AWESOME. We ended up buying 3 different cheeses.The women are totally friendly and do not make you feel all cheap and poor if you just want to buy a small amount. Their prices are great though. We thought the sizes were huge for what we paid and we still have some leftover! They told us they make their stickers easy to peel off "in case you want to put them in a cheese journal--if you're nerdy like us." Oh we are! In fact, we started our journal that same night!We bought: Roccolo, Tomme de St. Ours, and Foume d'Ambert.  All very good!Hopefully they will have more soft cheeses next time!
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,6/23/2010,506,1620,15,10,14>Oh snap! Thanks to Mr Food Ninja, we had a nice small morning meetup here for breakfast. Sweet. Great staff. Nice place, awesome fewd! I think I had a breakfast veggie onion bagel with turkey sausage and cheese. And an iced chai, too.*Ommm* .*Ommm* ..*Ommm* ...(cues Nancy Sinatra):Bang bang, he shot me down...Bang bang, I hit the ground...Bang bang, that awful sound...Bang bang, my. baby.. shot... me.... down.....
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,6/22/2010,103,174,15,19,21>Yum. Yum yum yum. I'm sick and have spent the whole day at home coughing.My girlfriend, who lives in Victoria, called The Thaitan and had a pretty big order delivered to my house to cheer me up. She gets 5 stars all the time. The Thaitan delivered allllllllll the way to my house in the Highland neighborhood and, well, that's not that short a drive. I'm impressed, and i appreciate it. The delivery guy was nice enough, and the food is DELICIOUS. The crispy garlic chicken is the garlicy-est chicken ever and that is a good thing. The soup Tom Yum Soup she bought me is very spicy and yummy and feels like really its just what i need. I love the mushrooms in this and wish there was just a little bit more. The third dish she ordered is really tasty too, but I don't know what it is. Its a chicken dish with brown rice and i really love it. Even though I'm sick as hell, my girlfriend and The Thaitan teamed up to make me feel better. It worked.
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,6/21/2010,212,249,23,17,19>I NEED some more Baranof in my life!!My sister Jackie and I came here with many fellow Yelpers (Katy, Peter, Matt, Jamie, Heidi "Yelp Nasty", Ian, Aaron, Jake, etc etc had great tables in the karaoke room -- yes I'm a name-dropper) for an "informal" event.  It was a great time, complete with strong drinks and good company.Walking in, it seemed rather low-key but still bustling at the early hour of 9:00pm, so we mingled and even sang a little karaoke.  After humming the whole song to Jackie so she was "SURE she knows it", we busted out a little MJ - "The Way You Make Me Feel".  It was a friendly crowd and some even braved the dance floor (I'm looking at you, Todd B).The bar food looked scrumptious (particularly the french fries) but there were only about 5-7 choices to select from.  On par with the laid-back vibe, though.  When we were ready to leave, I closed my tab (written on a post-it).  I love how the bartender (owner??) asked me gruffly if I had a good time, and said to "come back now"!Oh, I will, Baranof.  I will.  And if I'm lucky, I'll get hit on again by a man who just got home from a long-term jail sentence and gushes how stunning I am -- pretty enough to "get a real full-time job and stop selling weed."  Ahhh, social norms...
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,7/5/2012,713,559,9,10,9>" As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster."That opening line from the movie Goodfellas may as well be playing in the background as you walk in the door. There is a lot of history in this restaurant involving mafia types, politicians, and other authoritative figures from Seattle's past and you will find pictures as evidence framed along one of the walls lending a fun credibility to the legend.Vito's had an extensive remodel several months ago which greatly improved the atmosphere and really changed the layout of the place. What used to be an aging and seemingly worn down restaurant has turned in to an intimate and cozy room that features both a classy looking dining area and a dark and swanky lounge separated by a full bar. Most nights you will find live music as the featured entertainment which really adds a fun and energetic vibe to the place.Drinks are strong and Vito's features a classy cocktail menu and a happy hour that focuses on basic drafts, wells, and their own take on the classic bar food menu. This is both a great place to bring a date for a romantic night of dinner and drinks or with a large group of friends looking to have a few drinks and chat the night away.
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,7/4/2012,55,346,9,13,12>AHHHH YES FINALLY!!! I've been awaiting the opening of this bakery with baited breath for months and so delighted to see that the storefront is bright, modestly sized, and bustling at 7AM. First thing's first: don't whine about the lack of bread/cupcakes/muffins-the-size-of-your-head. This is not that type of bakery. If anything, I'd say it's more akin to a french patisserie and less like a bakery. There aren't a million different offerings, but the things sold here are crafted with loving attention to detail, and the lead baker is right in the thick of it, loading up shelves with heavenly cinnamon rolls and croissants.I chose the most exotic sounding macaron (the green one, and no, I'm not going to attempt to recall how to spell the name of it!), as well as a fig and olive tapenade pastry. The pastry is flaky, buttery, a bit savory, and 100% decadent, with a perfect crumb when you bite into it. I don't indulge often in croissants/buttery rolls, but when I do, I want to make sure it's worth it .. and trust me, every calorie counts here.The macaron is a solid contender as well, although the price point is a smidge higher than some of the neighboring competition. That aside, I think as long as the flavour offerings are interesting/unique/seasonal, it'll still be something I wouldn't mind buying now and again. In all honesty though, the stars of the show here are the pastries.Go now. Buy a croissant or a roll. Or a cookie. Anything. You won't be disappointed. Tip the staff and give the owner mad props for all his hard work (he's also a genuinely all around great fellow as I've exchanged emails with him asking for baking advice!)
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,7/2/2012,153,353,12,9,10>"I met the Murray."Need anything else be said?Since I'm pathologically averse to such a short review, I'm hoping the answer is yes. If it's not... just stop reading now?This is possibly ruining one of the better secrets in Seattle since right now, on a weekday, the high-class, refined, reservation-free Canon is only bustling and not overcrowded, but this is pretty much the artisan cocktail locale du jour, despite being within walking distance of Sun Liquor, Tavern Law, and similar favorites.Sit at the bar so you can directly interact with the bartenders (who stack up well even if they don't have the aforementioned's legendary cachet) instead of the tables unless you're going to take the discouraged route of one of the fixed mixed drinks over a spontaneous creation of their guided choice ($10).The most glowing thing I can say is that I generally don't drink alcohol, dislike beer and wine, most often see it as a path from zero to lack of self-consciousness to be used sparingly on special occasions, and I still enjoy an outing at Canon. My only caveat, from personal experience, is that it's a bit too loud for a date for which it would otherwise be perfect, so stick to transient targets of lust for whom conversation might not be the strongest suit.
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,7/1/2012,204,515,8,14,9>Ba Bar is my new local hang out.  Its close to my abode, and the hours work great for my crazy schedule.  2am on weekdays and 4am on weekends?!  Sign me up!  Its sits in what used to be the Watertown coffee location so expect some of the same perks.  Nice high ceilings and a sort of unfurnished feel to the place.  The vibe is nice and chilled out.  They have a focus on Viet street food with sort of  twist.  Its not quite fusion but not your standard food from the little Saigon neighborhood a few blocks away.  That being said, things are a little pricier than what you would expect.  Pate Chaud ($4):  a nice flaky pastry stuffed with ground pork!  YummyBoiled Cabbage wrap ($7) comes on with sort of a tomato based sauce,  different but tastyMuscovy duck tofu paper wrap ($9) again with the tomato base sauce, and tasty!Steamed clams ($11) I'm a sucker for shellfish.  Get thisPho ($9).  Not your mama's pho!  yes, it does start out a little more expensive than Pho down the block.  BUT they use the much touted Painted Hills Beef for their brisket!  you know, the no hormone, grass fed, cruelty free etc. etc...Yup, kick in a few bucks for that.  Some of the normal stuff you get in the pho like beef tendon, beef balls,  and  shitake mushrooms are added cost ($2 per  addition).  Some pho traditionalists may thumb their noses at such a price hike, but the quality of ingredients makes this bowl a standout, as long as you don't mind the price!  I get ALL the extras added when I order bringing my pho to about $15.Mi Vit Tiem ($10) again, an interesting twist on your standard vietnemese duck and noodle soup.  The duck is tasty, and I wish  there was more in it.  The broth is a little different too, studded with longan and chinese dates.  Would be better if they added another duck leg!  Com Tam Roti - with roast chicken.  Chicken was juicy and tasty.  This comes with rice, large lettuce leaves, sliced cucumbers, a soft boiled egg and sauce.  I wasn't sure exactly how to approach this, perhaps like korean bbq when you wrap everything in the lettuce wrap?  It tasted good either waySpicy Berkshire pork belly ($9)Pork was good, not very spicy though.  Some of the vegetables didn't mesh too well with the flavors.  Maybe an off night?The menu I gather is somewhat evolving as they get their feet wet.   I suspect some of the kinks with food consistency will also seem to iron themselves out.  Service has always been extremely friendly and you can tell they are trying to make a good impression.  I would highly recommend any of the baked goods in the case for dessert!  Amazing!  I had one of the best, carrot cake slices ever here and I don't even particularily like carrot cake!  They also show kung fu flicks on friday night and late night on other nights as well!please come out and support this place!  We need more late night eats in Seattle!
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,6/30/2012,466,877,14,20,17>Local 360 is waltzing into my heart as one of my favorite places. Darn, it's good stuff. I've had the grind house burger, the fried chicken and waffle with maple syrup, cocktails, coffee, and have sampled several dishes including the rabbit pot pie, the pork belly, the corned beef hash, and the collard greens. All dishes were delicious. I had the chicken and waffle for brunch this weekend and I am still thinking about it. I think I dreamed about it last night. The chicken was so flavorful and tender but not greasy or too salty. The waffle was perfectly cooked. The Caffe Vita coffee was as good as I could hope and there were free refills. No french press but I didn't miss it. The drip was that good. We had a large group and our server was very charming and accommodating. She did a great job. All our orders were correct and everyone enjoyed their food. Kudos to her!I changed my reservation once beforehand and the person on the phone was very nice and understanding and didn't make me feel like a nuisance.  I'll be back again and again.
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,6/29/2012,140,198,13,18,14>I was lucky enough to get the recommendation to go to Mistral Kitchen during Restaurant Week.  Their menu sounded great (the special was different than what was listed on the RW website, but it actually suited my tastes better)!I chose the baby greens salad, the halibut (with carrot purée & cauliflower), plus the decadent Bev Bar for dessert.  My companion had the brown butter parsnip soup (with notes of vanilla), the half chicken, and an amazing root beer dessert (it involved pudding, foam, and cream - very complicated flavors, nicely textured).  Everything was delicious, beautifully prepared, and the perfect serving size.  The staff was friendly, stopping by to make sure we were happy, and refilling our glasses as needed.  If you want to be a member of the Clean Plate Club - definitely eat at Mistral Kitchen!
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,6/28/2012,416,153,30,52,34>Hello, fellow travelers. Since the BoltBus website is lacking, I'm diving right into the useful, with the review to follow:* Portland pickup and drop-off location: 6th and Salmon (SW Portland). * Seattle pickup and drop-off :  Union Station, 5th and Jackson, just a bit toward Uwajimaya on 5th. Look for their sandwich board. It's curbside pickup, not inside the station. * Don't count on the wireless; it's very spotty. DEFINITELY don't plan to stream media. * Dress in layers or bring a blanket or sweater; the temperature really varied from one leg of my trip to the next.Yes, I was lured in by the promise of the $1 one-way tickets to and from Portland, and  once I logged into their website I saw that, providing I could flex a bit with departure times (the evening departures were mostly all full-price-still pretty cheap at around $30 a pop) those fares could indeed be had with a little bit of advance notice. BoltBus promises free wi-fi, leather seats, a bit more leg room, and electrical outlets for convenient device-charging all the way down the I-5 corridor. I think what I'd visualized, having heard the promotional buzz, then, was a sort of "Virgin Air" experience on a bus.Having just completed a round-trip to Portland from Seattle with my two boys (all for the nominal cost of--TOTAL--$6.45 or somesuch) I can say that it's going to be worth it no matter what, because honestly you'd likely be out $6.45 for gas money even if you hitchhiked in a hay truck to Burien. There is no way virtually any transportation from Seattle to Portland that costs a person one dollar won't be worth it. Hence the four stars. Had this not been such a ferocious steal, though, I'd be hard-pressed to rate it any higher than your average Greyhound experience. In fact, this does seem to be a subsidiary of Greyhound; indeed my older son pointed out the embossed logo on the aisle side of each seat.As for the wireless, it almost never worked for me. It surely does not work for watching media-please don't plan for that or you'll be extremely frustrated. I wasn't able to get it to work much at all, on either leg of the trip, though on the second leg a passenger kept coming up to the front to reboot the modem; maybe he was getting results that I wasn't getting. But I couldn't even successfully refresh my email most of the ride. This of course would matter less if it weren't such a strongly touted selling point.And of course one looks like an asshole complaining about it when it costs a dollar to travel 175 miles.I did really like the drivers; they're about 30% less embittered than typical Greyhound drivers. Quite cheerful, in fact; they seemed very enthusiastic about their post. The legroom does seem somewhat improved upon, as well AND they do have safety belts, which, on a bus, seemed new to me (then again, I haven't traveled by bus in ages.) The buses didn't seem especially "new" to me, even though I think I did read that they are...but they don't smell funky or seem decrepit. At this writing, BoltBus is just starting operations in the Pacific Northwest, so welcome to them, and cheers on the cheap seats. Here's what they need to attend to: 1) Their website blows. It's fine for booking, but good luck getting information. For instance, as far as I can tell certain links don't work (most of them) and they don't have clear, easily accessible pickup/drop-off locations (this is pretty essential and should be very easily navigated from the home page). 2) Their mobile site is nonexistent, yet they do actually reroute you if you head to their site from your phone. So rather than just letting you go to their main website from your mobile and doing what you can do, they actually route you to a static page saying their mobile site is coming. That's annoying.3) I froze my ass off on the Seattle-to-Portland leg. It was much more amenable on the way back. 4) If they're gonna promote their Wi-Fi, it really needs to work better. Or, in fact, at all.Overall, I'm a fan in the making. If we're not driving, I do prefer the train, by a long measure. But there's no comparing the two prices, obviously. If I stand a chance to score more dollar fares on BoltBus, I'll plan accordingly and dress for success. On the other hand, if I'm in the chips, I'd still opt for Amtrak or driving. Four stars because it feels pretty amazing to score a 6-dollar roundtrip for three people to Portland...once the weird, shiftless guilt at somehow having gotten away with something vaguely criminal subsides.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,6/27/2012,120,657,5,10,4>I go often with my parents for a nice Sunday lunch if we're in the area and it's always efficient, friendly service.  The prices are good and the selection is great.  I really enjoy the food here as it's very fresh and tasty.  It's super healthy as they prepare it in the same way you would find at mom's house (if your mother's Korean at least).  BTW: Duk Gook (Rice Cake Soup) made traditionally HAS to have these ingredients:Broth (beef or fish based)Rice CakesThese are optional (traditionally) based on how much money your family has or what your preference is:Green OnionsEgg (Separated between yolk and white)Dried seaweedBeef slicesNoodles (my family never puts this in, just FYI)Remember that not all families cook the same and every dish is different depending on the chef.  You can't complain that an omelet  is wrong because it doesn't have bacon or spinach.  You can if it doesn't have egg!Also, Korea has only really become economically viable (and now growing) in the last 50 years after the "end" of the war, so many dishes are made from very basic and limited ingredients.  Don't bash when you don't know!
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,6/26/2012,67,70,4,9,5>Welcome to another great coffee shop in Ballard! After Tully's left this corner spot on Market I was thrilled to hear Ballard Coffee Works would soon renovate and move in. Today was their official opening with free coffee including latte art (now that's dedication right there). Despite giving out free drinks all day, I found my latte to be the  perfect temp and strong. Just how I like it! Did I mention they serve Hilliard's beer and a wine selection is in the works! Good coffee. Friendly & talented baristas. Sunny corner spot with outdoor seating. What else could you ask for? P.S. You'll find me at Ballard Coffee Works even after the monster Starbucks opens across the street. Starbucks is going down!
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,6/25/2012,157,115,5,10,7>This is the best bbq on the Eastside. I usually get a beef brisket or pulled pork " piglet" sandwich with hot sauce. Both are good. I prefer the brisket which is weird for me because I usually prefer white meats like chicken or pig, over cow. Their hot bbq sauce really steals the show. Honestly,  I don't know how much I'd like the sandwich without the sauce and I feel truly great bbq doesn't need the sauce. It works here because the sauce is pretty darn fantastic!!!!I've had their beans, potato salad and coleslaw. The beans are smoky, sweet and a little spicy. I really like them. The slaw and potato salad are nothing fancy but both do the trick.Since good bbq is hard to find in Washington, I'll take 3pigs when I need my bbq fix. Also, it's been in Bellevue since the 80's....you heard me the 80's!!!! Almost unheard of when it comes to Bellevue!! so right on.
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,10/17/2011,519,323,6,10,9>Breakfast is Happy Hour Heaven!!!  Seriously, I have never had such a delicious, high quality breakfast for such bare bones pricing!!  Almost everything on their menu is only $7, albeit a few items that are steak, or other expensive ingredient, and are just a few dollars extra (and is still an amazing steal of a deal).  I didn't see my favorite thing on the menu the last time I was there (although I could have missed it), which is crawfish etouffee served over cheese grits and topped with eggs cooked to order.  I could eat that breakfast, noon and night!  So instead, I tried the Creole Shrimp over cheese grits and topped with eggs.  I just love the mix of grits with the complex creole flavors and oozey egg yolk. There were at least 6 large, delicious shrimp, and it's really hard to believe it was only $7.  The other thing that I love about this place is the coffee.  It's served in a french press, and is so delicious.  I always see diners getting mixed drinks or champagne mimosas, as they are a banging deal at $6.95 during happy hour, but I've only ever stuck to coffee.I haven't tried everything on the menu, but I imagine it's all divine.  One last kudos to this place, is the impeccable job they do poaching an egg.  I feel the true mark of a truly good restaurant kitchen is whether or not they can poach an egg.  Seems simple, but I'm often surprised and disappointed by the poor excuse for an egg  many places will serve.  At any rate, order your eggs poached, they are complete perfection!
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,10/16/2011,256,484,8,10,7>Hey! I totally just did what the sign encouraged me to do. Don't judge me. I got Naked last night. With a Yelper. MMMmmmmMMMMmm. While I was there, I fell in love with some kinda beer called PumKing. PumKING. PUMking. Pumking. Its fun to say, and it was totally delicious. I had two. And I was definitely feeling the tingle of the autumn turn, and festively fall, after the warm, deep, rich, not too dark, not too light, with tiny hints of spice and a nice rounded pumpkin flavor that definitely, definitely holds up to it's royal title. Best thing ever? NO carbs. Ya. That's right. Sometimes you just have to totally lie to yourself, in order to fully enjoy the finer things in life. The space itself was clean, welcoming, chill. I think at one point I was the loudest customer in there. Which may or may not have been embarrassing for my compadre'. There was football on the TV, and good beer in my hand, and company of the most amazingly high caliber I could have ever hoped for on a Monday evening. I didn't eat while I was there, but I watched my partner-in-crime go down on a super sloppy but delicious looking pulled pig concoction with chips. The food indeed, looked Nom-worthy, and I'll probably be back again really really really soon to cheat. On my diet. :-)
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,10/15/2011,416,153,18,28,19>I've been to Banya 5 a total of three times now, and each time is a little different. This is due to the ebb and flow of humans in this beautiful, but indeed smallish, space. This last time around, my friend and I were attended to by a really friendly, helpful guy. For the uninitiated, the setup is easy: you're given a clean pair of flip-flops (unless you've brought your own), two towels, maybe a bathrobe (in my experience, you have to request one), and a stretchy strap with keys to a locker in the locker room. Any valuables are typically checked into the front desk lockers, and you'll get a different key on the strap for that. For the cover price, you can linger as long as you like.From here on out, just know that everything is small. Locker room is bare-bones, but they do provide blow dryers if you even care what you look like after you emerge, clean as a new pearl, from the baths afterward.Banya feels expansive and perfect when it's slow, and very small when it's packed. I'm not an experienced bathhouse-goer, so plunging into a small pool clustered with five people is more social than I typically feel. If you are highly extroverted you will have no problem with this; if you're more like me, your experience here will hinge on how many other people had the same inspired idea to hit Seattle's only Russian bathhouse at the same time you did. Note that I'm a great lover of people, surrounded by an outer crust of sincere misanthropy...The sequence suggested to me by someone in the know is to first hit the sauna (typically it is VERY hot) for as long as you can stand it (typical is 10 minutes or thereabouts), then the ice-cold pool (steel yourself), for at least a few minutes. You'll get a taste of spearmint in your mouth after a few minutes, and that is said to be the stage where your body is detoxing. I couldn't explain why this is so, even under interrogation, but one of the owners told me, so ask him :)Next is the tepid, salty pool. This one's highly prized, so while timing and strategy are critical, you'll be well rewarded for your efforts. It's relaxing to put your head back, submerge your ears to drown out any ambient noise, and gaze up at the perfect lighting--large metal hoops like embroidery rings covered with a frosted glass to keep the light muted and relaxing. All of the times I've been here, people have been convivial but not loud or disrespectful. Sometimes there are canoodling couples, but again, people are Seattle-polite...even though the preponderance of accents suggests that for many people, Seattle's at best a second home, if not just a rest stop. There's also a complementary tea/nap/board game room upstairs-a sort of semicolon break before your pool soak re-initiation sequence.Call ahead to determine how busy it is if you prefer a quieter experience. If you like it social, after-work crowds are usually brisk and enthusiastic. The happy, burnished-clean-as-beach-glass glow from here lasts a good while; I still feel radiant this morning.Seattle-ites should enjoy this place while it's still a *somewhat* secret reservoir of aaaaaaahhhhh. It would also be a fun experience for any tourist looking to untwist the tension of traveling in unfamiliar surrounds. That said, the blissful, bleary state you leave in makes you a prime target for a mugging, because I guarantee you, no one puts anyone in a headlock after leaving Banya 5.Update: Banya 5 now has an app for getting a live total bather count! It's unrated as of yet, but you might consider giving that a shot if you like calibrating your sociability expectations.
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,10/14/2011,739,630,12,17,15>Ok! This place is officially my favorite hot pot place!First, if you are "All-You-Can-East" type of person, this is not the place for you. According to the web promotion, they have buffet every Tuesday night until the end of August. However, they limit your time to 1.5 hours. I enjoy the food and the companionship with my friends. I DO NOT like to be  limited.Before I tried this place, both Sean C and my cousin in Taiwan told me how famous Little Sheep is all over China and Hong Kong. My cousin went to one of their restaurants in China and told me they have the best broth ever. And, you don't even need the hot pot dipping sauce. After trying twice, that statement is TRUE!I came here twice. 1st time with my yelp fellows and 2nd time with my sister. I pretty much ordered the same thing. Two broth (yuan-yang pot), meat platter, seafood platter, tofu skin, frozen tofu, and a couple other little hot pot dishes. With the $10 discount coupon my friend gave me (both times). We spent something between $25-30 per person with tips. I thought it was good deal with that kind of quality and quantity.Speaking of the broth, it was cooked with Chinese herbs and a lot of garlic. It's so tasteful. The reason why you don't need dipping sauce is because the broth is actually salty enough. Freshly cooked meat and seafood from the broth is really good. I love their modern decor. It's wide and clean. Though, I wish it's not 20 miles away from me! When it's busy, the staff can get very busy as well. But, they've always been friendly to us.
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,10/13/2011,466,877,13,16,15>Wasabi Bistro is the place to go for great sushi!I have come here three times so far for the happy hour where the rolls and select sashimi and small plates are choose 3 items for only $13. The items are individually priced at around $4-6 each for happy hour. You can't beat this deal anywhere and the rolls are actually good sized at 6 or so pieces per roll. You can easily split the 3 rolls or small dishes with another person and be more than satisfied. Happy hour is all day on Wednesdays and Thursdays which is great. I have tried the spicy crab roll, spicy tuna roll, Las Vegas roll, spicy yellow tail, eel roll, mango tango roll, the sashimi set (salmon, albacore, and escolar) which was excellent, and the toro sashimi which is melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Wasabi was my first experience with sashimi and they did a good job convincing me that sashimi is something I can order and enjoy. As others have mentioned- what really makes the experience is the attentiveness and care of the GM, Brett. Brett takes a great interest in his guests making sure each person gets something that fits their liking and price range including drink recommendations. Last night I had a delightful glass of sake Kuheiji "Domaine Nine" which was fruity and very refreshing. Brett recommended it to me and was kind enough to give me the happy hour pricing for the glass although it wasn't one of the normal happy hour selections. Very nice.I've also had one of their Ozeki sakes by the glass which was $6 during happy hour. I enjoyed it a lot. Service is good and efficient. Ambiance is classy and beautiful. The restaurant reminds me of a place that would be in Las Vegas with the light fixtures and artwork. Restrooms are nice and if I'm not mistaken, the toilet seats are heated. I will definitely be returning to Wasabi again and again. I look forward to coming for dinner sometime, too! The friendly service is a refreshing change from some of the cooler service at other local sushi joints and the food is excellent.
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,10/12/2011,213,757,25,29,25>Im kicking myself for not coming here sooner, because moments after bringing my sandwich home I was messaging a friend the following:"OMG! My face is full of happiness right now..aka bacon and gorgonzola on a sandwich!"I work from home and only get 30 min for my lunch break. Im starving cuz I skipped out on breakfast. My kitchen sink is broken so I don't want to cook and have dishes pile up, plus I had next to nothing to cook anyway. The nearby pizza place wont allow carryout for orders under $20, and everything else plausible would have just been junk food groddiness.Then I remember I am right by the Artisan Cafe -- and a sandwich should be quick and portable. I run across the street to a place that is small, bright and clean. Free wifi, tons of outlets, and a computer hooked up to a big ol'flatscreen LCD. One of the owners gives me a menu and it takes me all of 3 seconds to decide that I want the BGT -- the bacon, gorgonzola and tomato sandwich. How could I resist?I sit and wait, the owners make idle chit chat but being truly interested. They apologize for the time frame the sandwich takes (but so worth it cuz EVERY bit of it gets toasted!), and then they pack it up all pretty and send me on my way.The sandwich? Well it is amazing. Im planning on going back to try their grilled cheese and their caprese soon. And maybe a coffee... and maybe a frozen yogurt...or maybe a breakfast sandwich right now....
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,10/11/2011,205,135,13,14,13>Wind, fire, water, earth.  Those are the words I would use to describe my recent meal at Art of the Table.  Well, not exactly.  But, let's just say I was KIND OF impressed!Approximately 6 hours before the big event, I sat at my desk with my ritual cheese sandwich and tortilla chips, to preview the menu.  My first thought was, HUH??  I didn't know half the words on the menu.  What are TERRINE, celery cream, arctic char, SQUAB, emmer, panna cota, and tuile?!!  I knew I'd be in for an adventure that evening.When we arrived at the restaurant we were the firsts guests of the evening.  Immediately my heart was cheered by the warm glow of candles and fresh tulips on the tables.  I felt like they were waiting for us.  We sat to sunchoke chips (another one of those words I didn't know).  GONG.  A harmonic ring sliced through the restaurant, the owner and chef wanted our attention, and our meal began.We had a quick started of panfried oyster on an asian pear SLAW.  It was delicious.  The root vegetable terrine with celery cream sauce and lemony calamari salad woke up my SENSES.  The flavors were delicate and the root vegetables sang along side the perfectly tender calamari salad. Arctic char was my FAVORITE dish.  A tasty piece of fish with creamy cauliflower risotto, topped with perfectly seasoned kale chips and homemade fruity pancetta.  To SLICE through the heaviness of the dish, a deep wine reduction ran across the plate.A grapefruit ginger sorbet cleansed the pallet between 4th and 5th courses.  NOM NOM NOM NOM.Oven-roasted squab.  Okay, I can say I've eaten squab and I'm not a huge fan, but it was accompanied by some delicious bright orange butternut squash, nutty emmer cake, and chunky fig vinagairette.  To finish, orange panna cotta with a citrus salad.  Yum.I can overall say that this meal was an experience, a true splurge, and a delight.  My one complaint was the temperature of the meal.  Everything was about the same lukewarm temperature.  They do a very nice job showcasing the local food, giving thanks for it, and hosting people like it's there home.  Peace and love.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,10/10/2011,254,643,4,8,6>Oh Panevino.I've been by this place a dozen times on my way to pho and never even thought about really going in.Why?  Don't know.  Maybe b/c it's always crowded (good sign).  Or maybe b/c I crave pho more than Italian?  Who the hell knows.In any case, we had friends in town and everyone wanted Italian, so we decided to pick Panevino.  ...shrug... why not?It's a lovely little space - dimly lit with lots of candles - just the way I like my Italian restaurants.Ordered:Wine (duh)Beer (really?)Bruschetta w/ tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, and something elseGnocchi w/ pesto sauce (me)Gnocchi w/ a truffle cream sauce and nutmeg (friend)Penne w/ salmon (C)Some porky something or other w/ a side of more pork dish (friend)While the presentation on our food was great - my gnocchi was a biiiiit on the gummy side.  The pesto sauce had great flavour..but..it's not as fun when the main attraction is sticking to the roof of your mouth.  Our friend sent hers back as it was gummier (undercooked?  maybe) than mine and wound up w/ an awesome carbonara dish instead.  The bruschetta, however, was fantastic - I'd eat that as a straight up meal!Porky pig loved his dish and C's penne w/ salmon was very very good.Our server, Angie, was pleasant and gracious and made sure we were stocked up whatever we needed.  Heart.They have a great happy hour - which I'm sure I'll be visiting in the near future. But I'll be sticking to regular pasta next time.
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,10/9/2011,273,665,9,11,11>Somehow I have lived in Redmond for 6 months, and never come in here. I have been to a couple different Half-Price locations, and this is definitely my favorite. Maybe just because its in my 'hood. It's also a manageable size, a lot of them are TOO big, and filled with TOO many books. Which coming from a wannabe Librarian is saying a lot. They feel too daunting, and claustrophobic. In the words of Goldilocks "Ahh, this store is just right". I spent over an hour here, and ended up with 7 books for less than $20, sounds like a great deal to me! I ended up getting all the books in the Clearance section so they were all $2-3. A lot of the other books are more expensive, but still reasonable. I'm just a cheapskate. Plus, I was able to find a number of books from my current reading list, and a few that sounded interesting. My boyfriend was able to grab a hardback copy of "The Stand" for $3! I highly doubt I will make it here more than a couple times a year, not because I don't like it, but because I like it too much, and I already have too many books.
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,10/8/2011,167,252,11,9,7>Tips for patroning Oliver's Twist:1) Get the fingerling potatoes in duck fat.  If you're going to eat here, then you're probably disregarding your diet for the moment.2) Also try the pork sliders.  They melt in your mouth like heavenly, salty, fatty bliss.  Oink oink.3) If you attempt to make a meal out of the food here, it's fairly easy, but it'll take a good 2-3 dishes per person.  Save up those pennies, kids.4) The cocktails are good, but don't feel like you need to order one if you're not into it.  They have an excellent beer selection that is very reasonably priced.5) Head to Baranof a mile up the street and end the night the right way: drunk.
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2007,11/22/2007,221,213,9,16,12>I've only eaten here during the day, but I imagine this would be a fine place to get some good food while inebriated. Being close to work, it was a natural choice for lunch yesterday. The cold weather has had me craving comfort food as of late, so I ordered up a waffle with some bacon and eggs. Fuck yeah! That stuff was good!We both ordered Coke - the waitress brought our drinks and a mini pitcher of Coke so we needn't harass her for refills. Nice!Since it was lunch time, the jukebox wasn't on constantly, but when it was, I got to hear some AIC and AC/DC. Few things make me happier than stuffing my face with good food and listening to good music and this is the wrong website to point out what those other things be.Our bill was less than $20, the service was fine and the food was good. If you're in the neighborhood, stop by the Mecca for some good, reasonably priced eats.
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2007,11/20/2007,422,220,16,8,8>The very nature of this restaurant screams, "Kill me!!" Mediocre sushi, gobs and gobs of half-palatable hot food and subpar desserts. Yet I continue to go there with pleasure, excitement and feigned disgust. The seating is plenty, enough room to navigate with multiple plates piled high. And if luck is on your side, a table with a view can complete the ambiance of.. something.I love cruising the galleys of steaming pans of "Asian" food and perusing the mayo-laden sushi offerings but what I enjoy the most is the punishment after stuffing myself like a Thanksgiving turkey. Those tiny but delictible morsels of slightly frozen cheesecake, creme brulee and quasi-fondue chocolate fountain bananas completes the experience. The food maybe Japanese but the concept is all American gluttony.I can't think of a better place to engorge in raw fish. Come hungry, wear elastic-waisted pants and leave like the Michelin Man.
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2007,11/18/2007,191,70,21,15,10>Those my friend, are some tasty cakes. I had to double back just to make sure I had the right idea - making a determination after one whirlwind encounter with such a place just didn't leave me with the solid impression required to pen the concrete-spot-on reviews I'm known for. [Que: Laugh Track]So - I went back for a trophy today. It's confirmed, moist (deal with it ladies, that word rightfully applies here) flavorful goodness with icing that begs to be licked from your digital appendages. The coffee was pretty good too. The Chai, Carrot, Coconut and Red Velvet are particularly tasty to my palette. I'll forgo the lengthly prose and defer to others' reviews for backup here - most everyone has the right idea.So why then, only 4 stars? Atmosphere. The orientation of Trophy Cupcakes within Wallingford Center creates the table atmosphere of a high school gymnasium. The counter and shop are very cute. The tables across the walkway however, aren't. Pair this with your favorite 7th grade plastic chair and you would have a flashback of spitballs and jealousy. You would of course if it weren't for the fantastic quality of the cupcake in your mouth, which leads you to another place devoid of cafeteria tables and basketball hoops.
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2007,11/17/2007,128,407,,36,28>My childhood cat, Rosie, has had a great life.  19 years for a cat is remarkable (94 in human years).  Very recently, my mom had decided it was time - she was not eating, drinking, and could not even sit down to get comfortable.Today, I was the strong one.  My mom had requested to have someone come to have it be done at her home.  She could not stand the coldness and pain that Rosie would be in on the drive to the vet's office.Dr. Mikel Oswalt from Homepet Vet came recommended from our vet's office, as someone who did house calls, and for letting our Rosie go in peace.She understood right away that this was a cat that would benefit from her services sooner than later.  Within hours, she was at my mom's home.  She did the paperwork very quickly and laid out the options for how to do it (sedative?  in the room? tissues?).  She even said a little prayer as it was happening.  My mom, brother and I cried, but our Rosie was no longer in pain.She was very professional, and advised of additional services (cremation?  kitty footprint? recommended grieving counselors?) that she could do if needed.  I appreciated her kindness; I could tell that she definitely had a love for animals and wanted to make sure that she was not in any pain, and that we were also going to be okay.Thank you for your kind words, and your warm heart.
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2007,11/16/2007,109,130,10,6,8>Shhhh....I have a secret to tell.....I tend to have over the top, what might described "O" -gasmic, experiences at restaurants. It's not your "Harry met Sally" scene type thing but rather me closing my eyes, hoping the flavor never fades and me leaning back in my seat to let it all flow through my body. You'll have to buy me dinner in order to see this live. The evening started innocently enough.  We had reservations at 7 and were seated right away.  The place was already packed.  Months later the only thing I can remember is that David H. had their Halibut I think but the portion was tiny compared to the others that were served and we saw being brought to our neighbor table. The server however wasn't annoyed with our plea to bring us a bigger piece. Hey..at nearly $25 a plate. We have expectations. Once I tasted the perfection of the desert dishes, I knew I wouldn't be able to keep my passion quiet.  With every bite I had a desert-gasm.  They were so good, that I kept begging for more.I have fallen in love.  The whole experience was a little more than we were expecting--$160 including tip for 2 of us.  But, I must say, it was worth every penny.  As I walked out, I was ready to light up a cigarette and share it with my lover....If everything goes my way, then this will not be just a one night stand.
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2006,11/15/2007,27,30,10,13,10>The first time I ate here I cried, and that was just after cracking open the menu.You see, I am Cuban and was raised in the Midwest.  So you can imagine how it felt to see sofrito and tostones and malta on the menu. There was even a black beans 'n' rice 'n' tostones vegetarian platter. Like, I didn't even have to spend $400 on a Miami plane ticket or endure guilt trips from my mom. I could, like, just go somewhere and buy it and eat it and be a happy normal person. Listen up, authenticity whores: This place is real. They have weird obscure soft drinks you can usually only find stateside in Jersey City or Hialeah bodegas. I have been combing the West Coast for a place like this for about a decade and this it it, people. Wow.Lush score: Tremendo!Fun, delicious tropical cocktails. Amazing sangria. These people know their way around dark rums.Veggie score: Tears-in-my-eyes goodSuper-carby, tangy piles of freaking delicious Caribbean goodies. The real deal. Get anything with yucca!
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,11/14/2007,278,486,12,10,9>"Do you like garlic?" asked my dining companion as we walked in.  "I mean, REALLY like garlic?"  Not to worry, I assured him, garlic was a good friend of mine.  But even with the warning, I wasn't fully prepared for how stinky my car, my kitchen, and my person would become over the next 48 hours.  Make no mistake - to dine at the Mediterranean Kitchen is to cut yourself off from society for days.  On the bright side, that means nobody will be around to steal your leftovers... and you'll have plenty.The Mediterranean Kitchen is over on the Eastside, so yes, it's a bit out of the way, but some might say it's worth the trip just for the food.  It's a tiny little place with about ten tables, so you'll probably find yourself waiting for a while - on a Friday night, we waited for about twenty minutes.  Inside, the tables are jammed together, so don't have any illusions about privacy - your fellow diners will hear every word you say (although it doesn't get too loud in there, surprisingly).I had the chicken shawarma ($14.95), which is marinated chicken breast in red wine vinegar, spices and garlic, grilled with onions, green onions, red cabbage and tomatoes.  My dining companion had the shish tawook ($14.95), charbroiled chicken breast tenderloin marinated in garlic, lemon juice, herbs and spices, which was even better than mine.  Entrees come with a little bowl of lentil soup, but don't fill up on that, because your dinner is a vast and mighty mountain of meat, grilled veggies, and rice, with a dollop of tahini on the side and a small basket of pita-esque bread for dippin'.  Portions are unbelievably huge, and you'll occasionally dig out an entire clove of roasted garlic with your fork.  After eating as much as I could, I still received a Styrofoam take-out container filled to the brim with leftovers, and I ultimately got three or four servings out of one entree.  But when I got in my car the next day, it reeked of garlic, just from transporting the leftovers home, and the garlic smell also hijacked my fruit, ice cubes, and pretty much everything else in my fridge for days.  Thankfully, I couldn't smell myself, but I'm sure it was not pretty.  If you want to be left alone for a few days, the Mediterranean Kitchen is one of the easiest, and tastiest, ways to make that happen.
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2007,11/13/2007,318,575,11,12,9>Just got back from here, and I thought it was pretty good. The teriyaki chicken bowl had tasty tender pieces of chicken and very good steamed vegetables. They give you a lot of chicken, which is good because I got full and didn't finish the rice (bad carbs!).If I could change anything, there would be a little less chicken, more steamed vegetables and have a noodle option instead of rice. I dont know if they have noodles or not, but it would be pretty cool if they did.BTW, the bowls were white, not red.*Update: I just noticed something that doesn't make sense. The first paragraph I said I like all the chicken they gave, but the second paragraph says I wish they had less chicken. To clarify, I like the fact that they gave a decent amount, but would trade some pieces for other things. There.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,11/12/2007,131,175,12,14,13>This is another place that makes me realize how much YELP fucking rocks.If I didn't read about this gem of a joint right down the street from my house, I wouldn't ever have purchased the really amazing $30 old red and orange painted door and Macgyver'd it into a headboard. Both times I've been here, I've been overwhelmed. First, with the unique aroma of catpee. Then the soothing sounds of kexp. Then oh my god so much neat stuff..... The staff here is very cool and super friendly and helpful. And it's a non-profit, how sweet is that? Plus, the two kitties who live there are adorable and gregarious (and also the source of the smell...)It can be a lot to take in, but come with a lot of time and an open mind and you will come home with a lot of cool stuff, or maybe one amazing find... and it won't cost a ton. Yesterday we spent $9 on stuff to make a new desk.  Fuck yeah! Life can be great sometimes.
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2007,11/11/2007,219,1274,32,7,14>FIVE BIG STARS for the biggest drama queen in town.She reigns over this city and cups the breast of downtown lovingly.  Hot.She has the city council, the mayor, the state senate, and the governor all in check.This girl has style and power both.The view is pretty at the top, but she is fickle and may toss you off of her countenance when her legs get shakin'.Look out for this girl.  She's nothing but trouble, but you may like it while it lasts.
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,10/5/2008,32,96,13,12,8>Good affordable vintage stores in Seattle are about as common as Yetis.  Truly, I dart through the forests of Seattle shopping hoping to spot one, but it always proves elusive and the best I can do are some blurry photographs.I love Lucky.  Very well curated collection, broad enough that you can do some real shopping, but small enough that you're not elbow deep in smelly Cosby sweaters before you find the gems.  I love me a good vintage dress and I've found some zingers in here.  My favorite is a watermelon-colored (pink and green) plaid Pendleton wool jumper.   It has pleats!  It completed my life and it didn't even wipe out my checking account in the process.Now that I've said such glowing things, have I mentioned there's a curse?  Yeah, on the size 10 dresses.  If you clean out the rack, I'm sending a plague of locusts your way...
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2008,10/4/2008,17,34,17,10,13>After an unfortunate and amusing incident involving a high kick and a nasty fall outside of El Camino (let's all give a hand for those pain-numbing margaritas from El Camino!), my friends and I found ourselves at Dick's in Wallingford. So there we were, just enjoying tasty Dick's cheeseburgers while wearing sombreros when someone said, "Hey, you're the girl who fell outside of El Camino!" Nights like that are why I love Dick's. Dick's really brings people together.
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,10/3/2008,9,9,12,12,13>I started working in the neighborhood five years ago and, while I was glad to have been sprung from the bland, homogeneous suburbs, I will admit to a twang of discomfort the first few times I found early morning homeless people sleeping against my office door or the occasional evidence of some raucous activity from the night before. (Why do parties ever need to include smeared feces?) And I sometimes wondered, do I fit here? Will I ever find my roots here? Then I stumbled into Cafe Argento and found roots, a home a mom, and a great cup of coffee - all wrapped up in one lovely and hilarious barista/owner named Faizel.You can't overestimate the value of a coffee shop that is open every single morning no matter what - one where the decor changes and the menu grows but the guy behind the counter still yells out, "Hey, baby!" when you walk in the door - one where you can bring your friends, your woes, and your children and it's all good.When I left the neighborhood, moving on to another phase of my life, I took pictures of Cafe Argento and Faizel - not because I think it or he will change, not if history is any indication - but because I wanted to take a picture of "home" with me on my journey.That's the kind of place Cafe Argento is.
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,10/2/2008,129,419,13,14,14>One screen = less confusion.  Simplicity is BLISS!Paying $8 to see two movies is a steal these days and to top it off, you can bring in your own food too!  My roommate (who had never been), and I saw some other peeps eating pizza and since we felt like we'd been waiting forever for Batman to begin (hahahahaha), we ventured into the concession area to check out the eats.  $19.27 later, we came out with a Bacon Cheeseburger and some Pizza.  Sheesh.I had hardly the energy to endure through another movie after Batman seeing as it was 11:30pm on a Sunday so we forfeited Hell-boy 2 and drove home.  The experience was great and an old time American tradition that I was glad to introduce Michelle to.  She had a blast and I have to say, going to the drive-in never gets old to me.  Ever.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2008,10/1/2008,26,20,8,11,11>Holy moly! These geniuses turned me from a veteran blonde to a newly minted brunette, and it was painless! I was given a glass of wine while they worked their magic on my tresses. They were so friendly I almost forgot I was in a high-end salon where often you can be met with disdain. I had one of the best head massages ever while being shampooed, and I came out feeling like a new person. One very interesting thing about this salon is that everyone focuses on one area of expertise. For your haircut, you get a 'designer' (mine was Kirk - he rocked) and you get a different person for color, (mine was Christina) who is dedicated only to that part of the "artistic" hair process. I loved this system! I met two fabulous people who were incredibly knowledgeable, and they made my hair look really good.Now that I'm headed to Asia and thinking of getting back to my blonde roots, I wouldn't consider going anywhere else to make the switch back. They care for hair!
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,9/30/2008,128,102,18,11,8>ADAM IS AMAZING!   Those three words are a condensed version of what I am about to be long winded about!  I absolutely hate moving.  It is always a struggle being a girl unable to move heavy things to find someone to move you.  You end up having one of a few different people.A.) Someone who wants to sleep with you bad enough that they think moving your crap may in fact get you naked... finallyB.) Someone you are already sleeping with or dating that does not want to move your crap but probably feels obligated to because they in fact are enjoying your nakedness already...C.) One of your best friends boyfriends who is conned into it by them because you are the "bestfriend"D.) Fathers, Grandfathers, Uncles, and Cousins - who hate to move you and do not care how rude snotty they are or broken your stuff ends upNone of these are good options and you feel guilty or are made to feel guilty during all of these scenarios.  Well I got myself in a bit of a pickle and was running all of these scenarios through my head and coming up at a loss on what to do.  I called Adams moving company and problem was solved.  Not only was he able to fit me in at the very very last minute he gave me a VERY fair price.  He was professional, funny, and charming before, during and after the move.  I was VERY impressed!  I will recommend him to everyone and will no longer be looking through my 4 scenario choices.  There is now a fifth scenario... Call Adam's Moving Service!
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2008,9/29/2008,225,256,13,11,11>I love singing to my food. Nobody knows though...because I do it silently, in my mind. My Sunday morning began with a walk from the bottom to the top of the Queen Anne hill, along with my super sporty BF (I'm sporty-lazy) and a desperately-growling-stomach-on-strenuous-­exercising. When stepping into Macrina, everything evolved into a "welcome to the lalaland of baked goods!" My head kept spinning around like an Adams' family member, giggly et al.  Famous for its so-so service (checked), people cut line in front of our stunned eyes. But being surrounded by sugar everywhere, something that produces a painful bliss I can hardly explain, eased all that.  Our order was two sandwiches and two coffees, Americano and non-fat latte. Initially, there was no sugar in that order. *Tear.* The Mister, who usually has the job of restraining my addiction to desserts, didn't even mention anything about the sweet touch. Well, yes...I just mumbled the name of the desired sugary object it to myself. After taking the first bite of my food,  I had an 80s moments.  I moaned and my internal voice couldn't stop singing "I'll stop the world and melt with you." For variety, I also did some Peter Bjorn and John: I start to meltwith your arms, round my waistand your mouth, starts to spelland the words, telling me, to fadeI mentally sang these songs to my sandwich.  It was that good.  This sammie was a savory cluster of green leaves, soft, creamy brie cheese, turkey and figs, all hugged by bread that resembled a soft ciabatta. It was delicious and it was called "Carne." Sort of sexy. To my surprise, Ryan got the "Vegge," all filled up with crunchy, seasoned veggies on the same bread.Cafe was perfect. Sitting outside was very nice. We fed two tiny birds with the driest bread crumbs we could get out of our fantastic sandwiches. It was swell...While I was finishing up my Carne and submerged in people watching, the BF said the magic words: "I want something sweet."  We came inside again and ended up choosing one Apple Turnover to share.  The dough was simply spectacular.  The apple was scarce.  But overall, it was like a little spa treatment for these taste buds.  Delicious, delicious, delicious!We got a "day-old" rosemary baguette and some of the shortbread sugar cookies.  All very good.  We will definitely walk back soon.  "I start to meltwith your arms, round my waist..."(Yes, I'm talking to Mr. Pound, better known as Mr. Lovehandles).
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,9/27/2008,1,5,8,8,7>Okay, here's what I just had: a burger made from beef ground on the premises that tasted every bit that fresh, with caramelized onions and deli mustard, on a bun from Essential Bakery.  I also had a blueberry-cheesecake milkshake.  My wife had an order of mac'n'cheese with bleu in it, and also their homemade green olive tapenade with another Essential Bakery roll.  Total bill was $19.Are we gonna be back?  You better believe it.  These people are no joke.  You come to this place and you are going to get flavor shoved into your piehole with no remorse.
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,9/26/2008,317,792,15,27,22>Pigs are the most intelligent of the domesticated animals and are as well or better trainable than dogs. That's the word from PBS anyway. A little knowledge can be a bitter pill and this snippet produced a few pangs of guilt last week as I wolfed down some of the juiciest, tenderest pork loin chops I've ever eaten. I consoled myself with the thought that this particular pig had spent its life happily wallowing in mud, roaming Seabreeze Farm doing what pigs naturally do, and hadn't been injected with hormones or antibiotics or fed chemical laden feed. A good life for a pig up until butchering time.I spent the next week wondering if I could actually give up bacon forever (*shudder*) and still hadn't made up my mind by Saturday morning when I made my weekly trek to the University District Farmers Market. I headed straight for the Seabreeze Farm stand and noted with intense relief that chicken was back on the menu! I could put off the "omnivore's dilemma" for at least another week. (Forgive me, but Michael Pollan's book has changed me forever). I bought a chicken and roasted it with olive oil, kosher salt and rosemary that night. My son pronounced it "the best tasting chicken I've ever eaten in my life. That is THE BEST chicken." He's only 15, so while that's really not a long enough life to reasonably judge a lot of things, in this case he was right. This chicken too had spent its life roaming a pasture without fear of being injected and fed with unnatural substances. The intelligence level of the chicken bothered me far less than the pig, having spent my youth raising chickens on the same island this chicken came from. Chickens are rather dim, pretty much devoid of affection and can get vicious when gathering their eggs. (It's not fertilized and will never hatch anyway you dumb clucker - we didn't have a rooster). I count myself a regular customer of Seabreeze Farm now. Lactose intolerant me can tolerate their creamy, rich raw milk, and the duck eggs are loaded with flavor. Vache de Vashon raw milk cheese is creamy, slightly tangy and melts beautifully. Yes, I paid around $20 for a chicken that fed 3 people and whose carcass is now simmering in a pot for stock. I'd have to pay that or more for just a quarter of a chicken and some vegetables in a decent restaurant. A quart of milk is $4, but it isn't pasteurized and is milked from free ranging, grass fed, antibiotic and hormone free cows. If you don't know why that matters (a lot) read 'The Omnivore's Dilemma'. I don't compare prices of sustainably and organically farmed products with the prices at my local Safeway. If you know anything about our food industry and farming you wouldn't either. I compare it to a good meal at a good restaurant, and from that viewpoint it's a bargain. Seabreeze has a number of products I have yet to try, including stocks, demi-glace, WINE, sausages (dare I?) and lamb. You can visit their farm on Vashon (I haven't yet) and find them at the U District Farmers Market on Saturdays and the Ballard Farmers Market on Sundays. They even take credit cards. They'll be getting my business for as long as they (and I) are around. I'm hoping that will be a long, long time. Me, I mean. ;-)
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2008,9/25/2008,367,192,47,37,36>Asian guy? Haircuts? Yeah that can be a recipe for disaster (or a bowl cut). Thank god Scissors Place can set me straight! (or not looking like Short Round from Indiana Jones en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sh… ). As an update to the other reviews, they are now open to 7pm on the weekdays. They no longer give cuts for $11.. The rising price of gas and global threat of terror has forced them to raise their prices to $16 a cut. But what you get a a good cut and a razor on the neckline. There's also a 6inch TV so you can watch KING5 news and advertisements for Great Clips which is across the street.  I've come here often after work and only once did I leave because there was a long line. I also got a skinny from one of the barbers. Since my brain as been destroyed by too many DYLs I can't remember the details but the owner is cool and the other barbers are really friendly. They also take appointments but if you're a real man you don't make appointments. You show up and the fate of your hair is up to the hair gods! So is parking. If the street parking gods don't smile you're screwed because that's all you got. Anyways I have no idea why this place is listed as a breakfast spot but i assure you that I've asked and they don't have a breakfast menu. Anyways I'd write more but ... Hey, Dr. Jones, no time for love. We've got company!
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,1/25/2009,53,105,7,10,9>After having breakfast a Glo's five times it's probably time  for a review. I held out for a while thinking that, well, anyone can make a good breakfast, but that isn't true; Glo's does it better.Every breakfast joint should be judged by the quality of the standard eggs, sausage, hashbrowns, and toast. Glo's is as good as it gets, especially the hash browns. They're the shredded and crispy-crusted variety with a steamy inside of potato goodness. It's kind of like secular latkes for breakfast and I love them.Another awesome option is the cinnamon swirl french toast. French toast too often leaves me unsatisfied and I'm hungry and hour later. It's the Chinese food of the morning. Glo's french toast is delicious and rich and when mixed with eggs and sausage it fills out the breakfast sized hole in my gut just fine. Eggs Benedict: top F'in notch. Luckily for me there's hot sauce on every table because I like my hollandaise spicy, but damn, these are what eggs benedict are supposed to be: salty ham, oozy eggs, and enough sauce to satisfy but not enough to make the whole thing go down like a lead balloon.Coffee cake is warm and dusted with a mixture of powdered sugar and deliciousness. Splitting a piece before the main event is a great appetizer to get the morning started.Glo's is small. You'll have no problem getting a table on a weekday but on the weekend there will be a line after 10am. Before that and you'll probably stand around for 10 minutes or less. Once inside there's no rush and you're free to take your time with breakfast.
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,1/24/2009,65,92,10,11,8>Since they've hosted my favorite band ("Ours") twice now, they automatically get a positive.  However, they also have killer lighting (soft blue glows, hot orange sexiness) and TREMENDOUS sound for a relatively small venue.  So loud, in fact, I was honest-to-goodness concerned about the future of my hearing.  Thankfully, after a day of recovery, it seems to be unaffected.They have a sweet lounge area for 21+, complete with comfy leather couches and small round tables.  The sound quality from this area is surprisingly good.From the main floor, it's very easy to get within touchy-feely distance of your favorite performers, but it's still got that "larger-than-life rock star" vibe.It's easy to steal the posters.For food, try the deelish Piecora's across the street.
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,1/23/2009,53,99,12,13,14>I will get in a car (especially if someone else is driving), leave my little 'hood on Cap Hill, and travel to Ballard--just to go to this place.  I will then order up some vodka drink (it doesn't matter what it is because you will not be able to taste the mixer), and then I will mosey over to the jukebox.  And nirvana.  They have the Texas Tornadoes.  There is nothing like throwing on a little "Guacamole" and sitting in a booth with some of your favorite peeps, while sipping your vodka (cocktail).  Such a great scene of people just in for a drink and a good time--not trying to be seen or make a scene (at least around 9:30 on a Friday night).
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,1/22/2009,316,105,11,11,11>I really need to go back soon...this is probably my favorite bar in Fremont, but it's hard to lure me off of Capitol Hill these days.  I find it hard NOT to have a great time here, even when my drinking was limited to diet coke for a while there.  I personally love the pub food with a Newcastle, Boddingtons or Guinness--standouts include the fish n' chips, shephard's pie, bangers n' mash, and the steak sandwich.  It's cozy and dark without being dingy, and though it gets crazy on weekend nights, somehow the staff still make it feel comfortable and welcoming.I love that they advertise "Football on Telly"- is that like "Hamster on Piano"?  The year before last my soccer-loving friend Linda L. brought me here to help her cheer for Liverpool on a number of occasions, and I couldn't help but get into the spirit.  How can you not with all that eye candy on the screen :)  I hear they have a pretty hardcore trivia night, but I haven't yet checked that out.  My trivia dream team would definitely include Adam C.
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/21/2009,346,151,19,19,18>I did it, I finally did it! I lost my Paseo virginity! I had heard so much about this place that I was skeptical that it could actually live up to the reputation it had gotten. The best sandwich, really? The BEST!? Well if it wasn't it was damn close! My roommate and I, plus a couple friends trekked all the way over from the east side to try out the infamous "Paseo." Sure it was a drive, sure we had to make a few stops on the way to pick up more friends and to get cash (remember kids, cash only!) and sure it was 10 degrees below, at least it felt like it, but it was all worth it when you took that first bite. I had the #1 and it was amazing, the pork was so juicy and tender, the sauteed onions so good, the romaine lettuce was a nice touch too. Then there were the jalapenos, mmm they gave it a nice little kick, all this combined with mayo on some truly fantastic bread made for one amazing sandwich!This place makes a damn good sandwich, I'll be back for sure!
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/20/2009,129,140,6,8,7>When your name makes its way down the wait list and you finally set foot in the narrow little space that is Dish, you'll see why they make you wait outside. Not only is it constantly packed, but there is seriously nowhere to stand indoors that isn't directly in the path of the busy food servers or someone's elbows moving around as they shovel bite after bite of delicious food into their maws.That said, they really do treat their little patch of front lawn as a makeshift waiting room and try to make it comfortable for the expectant eater, with some outdoor seating and a carafe of hot coffee so you can serve yourself a little pre-breakfast treat (and warm yourself up) as you wait outside, exposed to the elements. The wait is also a good time to take stock and make sure you have cash or checks, 'cause if you don't, you ain't eatin' here.Something about that outdoor waiting experience definitely gets the appetite going, and makes it that much more comfy and cozy to walk into the warm diner full of chatter, clanking dishes, and the smell of hot breakfast wafting from the grill. I'm a fan of the scrambles, and love that the folks here are happy to make little tweaks to the menu to suit finicky eaters (kid friendly, check!). The portions are enough to start your morning off right without putting you into a food coma for the day. A word to the wise: forget toast, go for the scone! Don't expect a scone like any you have seen before, though. Expect a mondo wedge of lightly sweet, cinnamony cake-like food substance. It looks something like a 2-inch thick triangular pancake and tastes like a just-baked snickerdoodle. Yu-hu-hu-hummm!
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,1/19/2009,114,197,8,11,10>Oh, Queen Anne. I am totally crushing on you right now. Went to Betty on Wednesday night and my gal pal and I swung into Crow on Thursday. Didn't realize they are sister restaurants until I sat down and the server mentioned it. I got a tad nervous thinking menus were going to be exactly the same, but I only recognized one item from Betty's menu. This was a whole new ballgame. Kicked it off with an 'O' Pear...Clear Creek Pear Brandy, Bartlett Pear Pruee, and Prosecco, which was perfectly refreshing. Had the pomegranate and date salad with pecans and LOVED it. Vinaigrette was perfect and lightly tossed on bibb lettuce. Pecans were spiced with something oh so good that I wanted to inhale this salad with one gulp, but my mom taught me that isn't very lady like, so I used my fork. Hands down one of the best salads I have ever had. This salad and I are in love. We shared the scallops with bacon and greens in a light cream sauce. Those scallops melted in my mouth. Table service was fantastic, atmosphere is sexy and cozy (right up my alley), and I will be returning for more.
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2008,1/18/2009,214,125,15,12,12>I knew a girl once. True story. She loved ice-cream so very much that she would indulge upon it whenever the opportunity presented itself. And so it came to pass that upon an outing to a delicious pork sandwich place that shall remain nameless, this girl did take my hand and harken into mine ear:'I want ice-cream!'The day was hot and the heat blazed up from the concrete and down from the heavens, and lo, ice-cream did sound to be a delightful treat.Verily we ventured into the Moonery of ice creams and the humble staff did askith of me to open of their jars, and it was good.Wowed was I by the assortment of flavors that I took many moments to meditate upon the more righteous of paths. Salted Caramel? No. Raspberry? Yes. Olive oil? No. Lemon curd? Yes.And it was that while standing at the counter I did receive a testimony of the awesome flavors that were to assault my pallet . I did takeith of the spoon and ladle into my waiting maw the heavenly richness of the ice-cream to come.And he didth say, 'It is good'.But lordy, is it rich.
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,1/17/2009,221,213,15,15,18>Those who know me know that this is my kind of place. I mean, HELLO?! Lusty bawdy decor, a rack of dresses in the dining room, deep red walls with sarcastic signs throughout the room, and pizza? Seriously? YES! After a spectacularly craptastic day, I was getting ready and my dear husband says that I look quite nice for the appointment that I'm about to head out to. I then inform him that he is taking me to dinner here. After my appointment and a quick stop at Damsalfly across the street, we made our way into the empty Madame K's. We were immediately greeted by our very sweet and adorable waitress, Lola. Go ahead, sing a few lines, I did.She pointed us to a few tables and said it was our choice. Either way, we were on display! Can I just say, I love being at the table in the storefront. We took a few minutes to look over the menu. The menu does exactly what it's supposed to do, it has you lusting after every item on it.  I also think it's pretty bold, and AWESOME!, for a business to put right smack on the front of their menu that they are PRO-CHOICE! Additionally, they donate a portion of their signature dessert, the Screaming Orgasm, to Planned Parenthood.So, after being overly impressed with that, I got on to the task of deciding what to eat. Hmmm, what to eat? It all sounds so good!We decided to start with the Rosemary & Garlic breadsticks. Um, can you say....delicious? I could easily make a meal out of these breadsticks and the tangy marinara (topped with cheese!) that accompanied them.For dinner, the choice was obvious - the Artie Parmie. I can't tell you the last time I had pizza so damn tasty. Oh wait, I think that's because I haven't. To wash down our scrumptious meal, we both ordered a beer. I only thought it appropriate to drink a Pike's Naughty Nellie. According to Scott K, I am a Solid Gold Idiot. That's right, we did not order the Screaming Orgasm. BUT! I ate my full share of breadsticks and then 3 pieces of pizza! I was stuffed!Wow, I just can't get over how much I love this place! I'd been wanting to come here for the longest time and I've had loads of people tell me I should come here. I would say this is a wonderful place to take your sweetheart when you want to treat them to a nice meal that's not overly stuffy or formal but incredibly classy. Even your very prim and very proper girlfriend, who may be put off by the ambiance will love the food. I may also be biased because Lola (our awesome waitress) said she really liked my black oxford booties and also helped me admire the dress I had just purchased across the street.
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,1/16/2009,49,86,6,8,9>Far and away, hands down the best restaurant in all of Seattle.  Crush offers the modern sensibility and deliciously complicated food of a true contemporary-American establishment, with the warmth and comfort of home.  A reservation is a must... but honestly, my suggestion would be to sneak in early (before 6pm), and sit at the bar.  This is the only true way to experience the innards of Crush, its friendly staff, its impeccable kitchen, and its killing-me-softly food.  There are also a number of specialty cocktails that are bound to knock your socks off.  Their spin on the greyhound is especially impressive with a house-made green foam caressed over the top.  If you get the chance, you  must also try the house-made chocolates.  I'm still dreaming of the, who would have thought?, earl grey chocolate!  Skip the chocolate all together if you can be lucky enough to try the blood orange sorbet wrapped in the most amazingly delicate foie gras ever to exist.  I would eat nothing else for the rest of eternity if possible.  The last time I dined at Crush, I actually overheard someone complaining about there being TOO MANY shaved truffles over their lobster gnocchi.  Are you KIDDING ME!!?!?!Hats of to chef Jason Wilson, you are perfection.
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2007,10/29/2007,467,441,7,8,7>I feel as if I can review this place on four different levels... my levels of sobriety having experienced each here.One - Completely sober on a Sunday afternoon for "brunch," although it was 4 pm.Two - Having a couple drinks with a friend going through a hard timeThree - Going from being mostly sober to not sober at allFour - Being pretty hammered upon arrival, sobering up slightly with lots and lots of water and chicken fried steak ( I was present for the evening referenced in Dfens Dan's review... pig fornicating and nipple grabbing)I''ve had fun each time.  It seems as if the same, tattooed and pierced bartender is always working and she's pretty cool, no matter what your level of sobriety.  The jukebox is awesome, with a wide variety of music, so you can hear everything your little heart desires.  On one of my visits, I put on Tool, followed by the Beatles... serious variety here, people!The atmosphere is really laid back, like your fave dive bar... and this is fast becoming one of mine.  The food I've had has been tasty, especially the mashed potatoes and the breakfast... the CFS isn't too bad, either, but it's HUGE!  Be forewarned!  I love that they serve food at all hours... and breakfast at all hours, as well!  You can't find that just anywhere!  Millions of times better than your local Denny's or IHOP!  Prices are reasonable, one of my favorite things about this place.  I've never felt like I've been ripped off.Also, they have Mac & Jack's African Amber beer (my Seattle fave) along with several other semi-local brews... I love a place that stays true to its roots.I'll be back often, but only on the first two levels of sobriety... I've decided not to piss my liver off anymore!
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,10/28/2007,54,26,8,6,5>If I could give this place six stars I would.  There are a handful of  decent Mexican resaurants in the immediate Seattle area, and with the exception of La Carta de Oaxaca (which is all the way out in Ballard), this little bus puts them all to shame.Holy crap, the food here is good.  I used to have a roommate a couple of years back who sang this place's praises on a weekly basis.  This SoCal native, hispanic man's man knew his shit in the arena of Mexican food.  I would always somehow miss the occasional opportunity to ride out there with him and he'd come home, every time, all happy and sleepy-eyed and just begging to be kicked in the stomach.  So when I moved out to Columbia City, I knew my day had finally come.  What a day it was!!  I took one bite of my chicken taco and kind of lost my mind.  When I woke up, two tacos later, I was ready to hop in the car and go get some more.  Can't say I generally feel that way about Mexican food.  I like it, but, dude.Every day, on my way to work, I look wistfully out the city bus window, drooling on myself, wishing I were on that bus instead.....
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2007,10/27/2007,200,171,46,35,24>Surprising lack of Swedes. And the food seriously sucked.But if you gotta spend time in a hospital, this is the place to do it.Nearly 10 years ago, I delivered my baby at Swedish. I thought I was done with hospital stays until my 80s, at least. Dang, I should be so lucky. Two weeks ago today, I was back.This time I had a much more dramatic entrance arriving via ambulance. My regular doctor took one look at my sorry butt curled up on her exam table, sobbing, barfing, with the lights out because they hurt too much, and scolded my husband: "What is she doing here? She is clearly too ill to be anywhere but in a hospital." The discussion of how to move me one block to the hospital finally landed on Ambulance. I wish I could go back and tell my 5-year-old self... Ah well.This is an Important Tip: If you need to go to the emergency room, take an ambulance. It is the only way to travel. No triage nurse, no sitting interminable hours in the waiting room with the creepy guy glaring at you and the random coughing kids. Nope, the kind ambulance people wheeled me directly into a room. Guess what! I had a Spinal Tap. It was not nearly as fun as the movie. And a CAT scan: inexplicably, no cats.Then it was off to the regular part of the hospital where they kept me higher than a really high kite for 5 days straight. Can you say Dilaudid? No, me neither.I would have said 5 stars all the way, except I can't because of the wicked scary night nurse Thursday-Friday. But the scary nurse did give my husband a good reason to completely lose it and say, all bluster macho-like: Keep That Nurse AWAY from my Wife! Which they did. Sigh. I'd marry him all over again.
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2007,10/26/2007,286,643,12,10,10>This place is a little gem tucked away in the heart of Ballard. For years the lore of the "Prostitute Pizza" place clad in lingerie and sexual innuendo seemed like too much. And then I went in. You enter and immediately smell garlic. I personally love garlic. The more the better. First time I went I was with a bigger group which was kind of a tight squeeze but ended up fantastic. I remember the great ambiance, Artie Pie, lots of wine, and laughs. Another time, went early in the evening, just two of us, got a great seat, great pizza and service. Like I said earlier, garlic is not shied away from here. That's ok with me. The only seemingly perfect way to end the night at Madame K's is the orgasm. It's sweet, hot, and  leaves you breathless. It leaves you wanting more. How's that for sexual innuendo.
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,10/25/2007,33,14,4,11,10>Amante = Awesome!!!I could stop there but I'm not gonna, here are a few reasons why:Open late - Only place I know of that delivers until 3AM!!!Delivery is usually quick - 45 minutes on average (and I live in Montlake)The Pizza is Great!!!They do not skimp on toppings, they are usually fresh and they aren't shy with the cheese either.Their marinara is the Best Ever!  The cheese bread rocks and their pasta dishes are also awesome!This place is by no means fancy or refined cuisine but it is a totally satisfying guilty pleasure!
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,10/24/2007,10,19,14,9,8>If I believed in god I would definitely thank him for Pony. Every time I go there I have a great time, not just because I find someone I know there but also because the vibe is so great. A cool place to hang out, chill with friends. Although it definitely can have that "hipster fuck" vibe, if you look at the porn long enough or get immersed in taking pictures of yourself in the photo booth or play air hockey or or or or or then you can ignore it.Plus, the bartenders are very nice and don't look like douchebags. I expected to get "a look" when i asked for a soda once, but the bartender just smiled, poured the coke, and said, "honey that'll be a dollar. if you need any refills you come back and see me"plus, you get stamped "FAGGOT" as soon as you walk in, what more could you fucking want!?
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,10/22/2007,0,0,11,17,14>This isn't a Japanese restaurant, it's the type of restaurant you find in Japan.The atomsphere and food are very, very Japanese. If you've ever been to Japan, you'll feel like you're back again once you step in here.That's a good thing. It's Japanese comfort food with Japanized versions of western food like omelettes, gratin and fried chicken.I got an omu-raisu (omelette rice, Japanese like cute abbreviations) the likes of which I haven't had in years. Ketchup fried rice with onions with egg on top and topped with ketchup. It sounds gross but it's good I swear!I ordered coffee that came in a cute little french press and they gave me an oreo with my coffee. Yay, I'm special!Some things that weren't so Japanese, but in a good way, were:- Portions are American supersized- They took a special request to not put the chicken they normally do in the fried rice- The coffee was good- Prices were fairly inexpensiveI didn't drink but there's also a full bar here.The location is a little hidden, upstairs in a building, but that adds to the Japaneseness too.The highlight of the experience? overhearing the obasan (literally "auntie" but just means an older woman) waitress tell the faux thug looking bus boy in Japanese to work more cheerfully.
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2007,10/19/2007,507,655,15,9,9>Redonkulously fresh fish/seafood: check.Sushi chef legally allowed to handle fugu (blowfish): check.Sushi chef started Shiro's with Shiro: check.Standard sushi restaurant atmosphere: check.Will I be returning again for dinner: check.What was slightly higher than expected?: The check.
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2007,10/18/2007,634,500,12,3,3>I've read that they have just discovered tar bubbling up from the grounds. This used to be a gas refinery in the 1950's until the city bought it and turned it into a park. Based on that shady history who knows what kinds of horrors lurk in the area. Perhaps mutant lobsters live just below the surface of the water at the edge of the park just waiting for a unwary person to step too close. Maybe the park is laced with underground tunnels filled with mutant mole monsters, just looking for the opportunity to gobble up any one unwise enough to enter the park after dark. The mind reels with possibilities.
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,10/17/2007,704,321,12,20,11>Wow.I'm going to be perfectly honest... when the owners of Miro told me that they were opening up a tea shop that would revolutionize tea drinking, my first thought was, "... how far can that idea go in a coffee town?".Let me be the first to admit that the last time I was this short sighted, my foot slipped through the very thin ice I was standing on.The iced teas featured on their opening weekend were SPECTACULAR! My friends and l, each ordered a different flavor and the second we had a taste, we all wanted to try each others drink! Each one is completely different and original! Now that they have been open for a while the sentiment from new customers is still the same as on that opening day... just shock, that tea can be this fresh and interesting!The space is large and open with outdoor seating and a nice organic feel. On Weekends they stay open late!On top of that, they freaking serve CREPE'S! BALLARD HAS A CREPE'S! I had the Fig and Cinnamon Apple Crepe and it was so aromatic and perfectly balanced, that I made a little gasp sound at first taste! A man got up and left, very awkward.In a nutshell... they set out to do what they dreamed to do... Miro revolutionized my tea drinking experience! (admittedly... I didn't have any memorable tea drinking experiences before they opened... but that's kinda my point here.)UPDATE: I just got a peak at the new dessert menu and It really did look pretty damn good! Freaking mango cheesecake... need I say more?
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,7/23/2007,543,163,16,15,10>You're downtown and the bars just kicked everyone out?  If you've been drinking, then by golly, you must be famished.  Saunter over to this mish-mosh establishment for some late night grub.  You'd best hurry before the line grows to incalculable proportions as the "zomg! the bars are closed and I'm hungry!" masses are drawn in by an imperceivable force.Enter.  I hope you weren't expecting quiet dining.  What do you expect from a place full of inebriated patrons?  It's simultaneously reminiscent of a crowded, late night Waffle House, yet completely different.  It's much darker.  It looks like a 50's diner, what with the checkered floor and all the chrome.The food does its job.  It was neither a fine nor a nasty omelet.  They advertise "all you can eat hash browns,"  with blackout periods on weekends--and maybe at 3:00 AM, too, I don't know--but honestly, the amount that I ate--which was the amount they served me--was really "more" than I could eat.  But I ate it anyway.  I don't see why you'd want more of these hash browns than what they give you.  They weren't terrible, but were largely without texture, as though the shredded potato appearance is really just a facade over a blended potato mush.Service was plenty friendly and calm considering the chaos that was present.  They must be used to this, as well they should be.  Good for them, and good for me, too, by extension.I heard there was a periscope in the mens' room through which the Space Needle can be viewed.  I did visit the men's room, but at the time completely forgot about this bit of trivia.  It's not like I haven't seen the Space Needle plenty, but "Shit, I totally forgot about that," anyway.
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2007,7/21/2007,141,930,7,12,11>One day a while back I sent out an SOS I needed something noodle-y Michael O came to my rescue and suggested Szechuan Noodle Bowl and was even nice enough to join me.  Since that day I've been back twice and everything is mmm mmm good like Campbell's soup.  Like others have said the green onion pancakes  are incredible, pure food pleasure for your mouth, a little greasy but in a good greasy way.  And the veggie-tofu dumplings are just as pleasurable, ok now I want the green onion pancakes and veggie-tofu dumplings for dinner.  It's cash only so be sure to bring cash but have no fear its super cheap so you don't need much.*Update*  My new favorite are the won tons in hot and spicy sauce, they don't cure the flu but they sure clear the sinuses.
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2007,7/20/2007,502,444,17,17,15>The 13 Coins was once a great lady, you can tell that it was a total hipster hang out in the '70's.  My G-ma likes to tell me how she used to go there after seeing the Symphony with her boyfriend (her married boyfriend, ah-hem).  A swinging '70's gem it was.Today, it's just a broken down old spinster.  The booths haven't changed, the food has only recently changed A TINY BIT.  But you know, it still has it merits.It's open all night and serves things like Escargot - I have drunkenly eaten a lot of snails here.  They actually give you a little relish tray complete with salami slices, green onion, baby corn, carrots, and pickles when you sit down.They do have some great lunch specials - I believe you can get Corn Beef and Cabbage on Wednesday - and the French Onion Soup, while being a little too salty, is really covered in cheese and satisfies on it's own.The booths are high and private, makes me wonder what sort of thing went down in those back in the day.  Perfect place to pop a quick bump I would think.  Did I say that?  Oops.  So in summation:  totally haggard, but still good for a kick, a decent meal in the middle of the night and some free salami.
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2007,7/19/2007,182,206,9,8,8>So, last night decided that it would be fun to go to the I.D. to try to find a good place to eat. So, I grabbed my dining partner and we drove around on our scooters and finally just stopped at a place that had a lot of people in it. To my surprise, when I got to the door there was a "They Love Us On Yelp!" sticker. Who would've known!? Maybe I have a sixth sense.The decor was typical of a Chinese food restaurant. Aquarium to your left. Framed picture of food and other random things to your right. Exactly what I was expecting. We were seated promptly and given tea right away. After we ordered, the food came out so fast! It was like they KNEW I was coming. I ordered the Vegetable Shanghai Chow Mein, which had tons of yummy veggies in it: watercress, carrots, onions, shiitake mushrooms, etc. We also shared the General Tso's chicken. The portions were huge as usual. But, we didn't have a problem finishing off the chicken! The only thing that bugged me were the chopsticks. I don't mind them usually, but the noodles were so slippery. I didn't want to be weird and ask for a fork even it seemed like everyone else was eating with forks - even the table of elderly Asians! But, hey, it was great practice. Maybe they could tell I needed to sharpen my chopstick eating skills and therefore forced me to eat slippery noodles with them. Who knows? I actually had fun trying to and I'm sure everyone got a kick out of watching me struggle.
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,7/17/2007,150,283,6,6,5>hellllo bakery nouveau.i'm a total francophile...so this place may have captured my heart before i ever took a bite of their most delicious almond croissant with its so french laced name and the bread turtle in their display window. i mean. so cute. a turtle made entirely out of bread non?but yes...so i stepped in....ogled the chocolate and tarts, and then...i saw my weightloss downfall: the twice baked almond croissant. i had to try so i bought one.seriously, i gobbled it up so fast that i was grateful for a solo outdoor seating arrangement during my...um...feast.the twice baked gives the crust extra flakiness and it is so crisp. the almond filling it just right. i have lessons in west seattle twice a week. it takes divine intervention to stop me from going to bakery nouveau and buying a half dozen croissants with each trip.oh lawd...please....give me the strength.....
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2006,7/15/2007,62,63,10,10,9>Hello. My name is Steve and I play poker.A while back I thought about turning pro. I would use my analytical and observational skill to make a killing at the tables.  I would travel and appear on the WSOP.  I would be a poker superstar.  Eventually I would write books on my strategy and retire young with millions in the bank.  And then I slapped myself a couple of times, hard, and came back to reality.  I was making a little more than I lost but certainly not enough to live on.  So now I play just occasionally, strictly for recreation. The Drift is a nice little place to catch a tournament. They get four stars for sheer entertainment value. Their daily tourney has a thirty-five dollar buy in.  The cast at the table consists of every type you can imagine.  Lots of retired men with nothing better to do with their time or money, young hot shots logging time before they make it big on the World Poker Tour, crazy poker psychos who will call any raise and raise any two cards, and my favorite, the middle-aged crisis pro who takes the game way too seriously.  They are all here , and more.  I like to sit and listen to them brag about their winnings and bad beats.If you want to try casino poker but don't want to risk a lot of money this is a good place to play.  I you play solid and have a little luck you may even win a little.
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,7/14/2007,318,575,10,11,11>This was a night I will never forget. Great food, great entertainment, great company. I took my mom here for her birthday, and she was glowing the whole time. She kept looking at me and telling me this is the best birthday she has ever had.I am not going to give anything away, but they get the audience involved, so be prepared to get called (thankfully, I wasnt). One emotional moment of the night was when they got this one older lady to participate. The way the woman looked and dressed reminded my mom and I of my grandma, who passed away in March. My mom got tears in her eyes when we found out she had the same name as my grandma. We knew she would have loved to have seen this.The food was outstanding as well. It is a five course meal, with three choices as the main dish. I choose the coq au vin, which is a chicken dish. It was the most flavorful chicken I have ever had. I will soon master that recipe (and treat some lucky lady to it).Overall, this was something I will remember for a long time if not forever.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,7/13/2007,188,480,10,9,7>If the Queen Mary Tearoom had a hipster daughter who was embarrassed by her mom's outfits, she would be Remedy Teas.I only regret that the space isn't bigger, and they didn't open closer to me.Awesome!
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,7/12/2007,44,119,22,16,16>After much going back and forth, I finally got to the point one day where I woke up and HAD to have a haircut...  Immediately.  I called Zero Zero in hopes of getting a last minute appointment with the much revered Todd, but alas...he was not available.  After a two second deliberation, I asked if ANYONE was available, and miraculously, they told me "why yes...  would you like an appointment with Kate at 7?".  I took the appointment.I'm one of those people that has NO idea what to do with my hair.  I'm afraid of it...  ever since that fateful day when my mother had the 'brilliant' idea to lop it all off, and we realized that it was naturally curly.  Bummer...   I wound up looking like a retarded Orphan Annie for the first half of my high school career.  Le sigh!!!!When I sat down in the chair at Zero Zero, I asked Kate what she thought would look good.  She immediately suggested two options (one veered dangerously close to traumatic high school experience), so I went with the less drastic suggestion and shut my eyes while she got busy with the scissors.  Eeek!  Halfway through, I managed to open my eyes and check out how much hair had landed on the floor...  I immediately shut my eyes again.  It was too late now..  I just kept telling myself "It'll grow back...don't cry...I am my own rainbow.  I am my owwwnnn raiiiinnnnbooowwww...sniffle sniffle".  Finally, she stopped cutting and pulled out the diffuser (my friend).  By the time my hair was nearly dry, I began to realize that there was no need for tears at all!!!  It was a good cut!!!  Nay!  It was a great cut!I waited a long time to write this review because I wanted to get another cut in before I sang Kate's praises....so I was pretty excited to call up to book my next appointment last week.  Alas...when I called, I discovered that she had already moved on from Zero Zero.  Nnnnnooooo!!!!Here's the coolest thing... in the same breath that he told me that Kate was no longer working there, the guy on the phone told me where I could find her, and that it would be really nice if I would book an appointment with her as she probably needed help rebuilding her client list!  Needless to say, I immediately called and made my second appointment with Kate at her new location.Thanks Zero Zero!!!  If I ever lose track of Kate M again, I'll definitely be knocking on your door!
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,7/11/2007,17,38,13,8,8>My husband eats only one meal a day, so if it were up to him, I would starve (let me be a little dramatic, people, it's my birthday).  I eat no less than 8 times a day.  It takes many meals to keep these wheels turning.  If it is 2pm on Saturday and I have yet to eat anything, we are nearing the point of disaster.  I was entering the hypoglycemic, hallucinogenic brink of disaster where I have been known to say things like "I don't care if I haven't eaten cow in years, I'll take a cheeseburger," when I literally stumbled upon the simple loveliness of Palermo.  All I can say is "thank you" to the lucky fairy who lead me in the doors.  This place is pure goodness from the sweet staff to the yummy Mediterranean salad and garlic bread to the appropriate wine selection.  I ate well, enjoyed the unpretentious atmosphere and left with my moral compass intact.  Yum.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/14/2013,115,451,17,17,16>Who doesn't love a place that doesn't have a sign for their restaurant? You know, like The Ruins--but without the whole membership, selling-your-soul thing ;) Belgian beers fill up an entire wall of the first floor. My friend turned me on to Delirium Tremens, and frankly, I haven't looked back. Belgian beers are known for the temp that their served at, the great glasses they're served in, the sweet flavors from their fruit-based concoctions, and finally their potency. Wheeeewww. One Chimay, and a split bottle of Tremens and this girl is done, son.Luckily for all of us, they serve AMAZING food! Who knew a Belgian-inspired food place could create amazing 'Moules Frites'?? And those frites comes with an array of sauces to choose from (spicy.all.day.long) - similar to Frites on Capitol Hill. Why for how come they went away? *sniff* But no real tears, Brouwers is here to save the day.Their cheese croquettes are delicious (I recommend getting their full Monty appetizer platter (I can't remember what it was called) but it a PERFECT accompaniment to your beer(s). The service? They are beer sommeliers ^_^ Very knowledgeable and obviously enjoy talking about them. Parking is always hard in Fremont, but don't let that deter you from walking around, looking at google maps, hoping you're in the right spot, doubling back, looking up at street signs, scratching your head etc.
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/13/2013,374,341,15,14,12>So everyone knows about Kettle Corn, right? It's sort of G-rated, light entertainment, sweet and satisfying but totally non-threatening.KuKuRuZa Gourmet Popcorn is a totally R-rated, in-your-face, completely addictive thrill ride.First, they lure you in with great service (the tiny pixie behind the counter must have been some sort of ninja) then they give you free samples of every flavor if you so desire (but you should taste no more than two, maybe, three or your mind starts to whirl).After you've picked your poison and paid the big money (small bag of specialty flavor is $5.99 basic flavor $3.99) you wander out to the sidewalk and here is where it hits you, full-frontal flavor attack. I am so glad I was friends or I might have fallen and not been able to get up. I had a bag mixed with rocky road and cinnamon bun and after snarfing a few handfuls of the nectarous nuggets I had to give the bag to my beau for safe keeping, or I would have eaten it all, right there on Market Street. Keep in mind it is very, very sweet, and some flavors more closely resemble candy than popcorn.We tried the seasonal stuff, peppermint cocoa and eggnog brandy, classic caramel and maple bacon. I didn't eat the maple bacon but my sister stopped talking after her first bite so I'm guessing it was good, because my sis can TALK.They were out of the truffle and porcini which is probably a good thing, as I was pretty much near sensory overload.Great for Ballard, bad for me.
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,1/12/2013,204,515,7,15,11>okay, so there is a disclaimer for the coveted 5 star review...Came for an event in which the chef prepared a set course meal usually reserved for a wedding banquet! I believe 13 courses for set price of $50.   So, of course, many off menu items and recipes which only exist from home cookbooks always equates to amazing eating!  And we ate VERY well.  A few notable things I recall:-Kashmiri chicken:  whole chicken stuffed with I think ground lamb and topped with what tasted like a masala.  Amazing.  - lamb chops:  beautiful little chops that were covered in what looked like the sauce for tikka masala.  I could have eaten this all night!quite frankly it was all amazing but the details are now lost in a melange of spicy, lamby, curry infused goodness.  Chef Uddin was an amazing host, personally checking on how we were doing and apologizing that he didn't have a whole goat to roast for us.  Next time my friend.  He even gave us a tour ok kitchen and showed us his tandoori ovens, giving a little tutorial in how to make naan!  Even though the meal was $50 per head which may be a bit much just for dinner, we all (15 at least) took home 3-4 containers of food for leftovers.    So, is it this amazing when you stumble in off the street and order from the menu?  I can't speak to that.  But, think about getting married (or re-married if thats the case)and have Chef Uddin make his wedding banquet feast!  You won't be sorry
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,1/11/2013,176,500,4,13,10>Oh my god. The chips and guacamole here are definitely on my Top 5 list. The chips were served fresh out of the fryer, and when I dipped them in the fresh, not-salty guacamole, they melted in my mouth! Do not skip the chips and guac here!!I ordered the chicken enchiladas, which were more like taquitos! They were okay, but the refried beans topped with queso fresco was the real winner on my dinner plate. I also really enjoyed the salsa bar here, which is a rare thing for me to say about most Mexican restaurants in Seattle, or even Washington. The spiciest was a red salsa, which was nice and smoky. The pico de gallo had huge chunks of jalapenos and the salsa verde was spicier than it was sour. The mild red salsa was the only one that was lacking. The only disappointment here were the teeny, tiny portions for the high prices. Next time I go, I plan on just getting chips, guacamole, refried beans and a margarita.
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/10/2013,101,183,10,12,10>"Hey boyfriend! Let's go to that one place! The one with the tapas...""Tapas? Oh yeah! That place down the street?""Yes! The one with the bacon wrapped dates!""I know the one. That one place!"This is how our conversation goes because we don't know how to pronounce Pintxo.But they have tapas and I'm a fan!Things I like:- Bacon Wrapped Dates. We love them so much we get one each...plus one to share. I actually learned to make these at home because I was getting embarrassed of my constant bacon wrapped date consumption. They knew what I was there for...- Tosta de Boquerones for a salty snack with a little bit of crunch.- Quail Eggs on Toast. Tasty...and adorable!- Patatas Bravas. Fancy way of saying fried potatoes. But these are well-made. Just enough spice and never soggy.- Pork Sliders. Pretty simple presentation, but the pork has awesome flavor.- Steamed Clams & Chorizo. I like clams. I like chorizo. It's only natural to LOVE them together. If you're going to get these, do the baguette, too, for dipping.Sounds like a lot of food, but they're small plates (hence, the tapas title) and reasonably priced. Don't be shy to order a bunch of stuff, it's expected and encouraged!And while you're there...ask them how to pronounce their name and get back to me on that...I'll reward you in bacon wrapped dates!
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,1/9/2013,786,852,6,11,9>Recommend the exclusive omakase. CUISINERanked in order of recommendation:- Seared Foie Gras, Maguro & Shiitake Mushroom with Red Wine Soy Reduction- Tara saikyoyaki, broiled black cod marinated with saikyo miso- New style sashimi: arugula wrapped in whitefish seared w/e.v.o.o.- Albacore on a Cucumber Slice.- Ama ebi ceviche: ceviche was very fresh and citrusy, topped with a fried prawn head.- Chef's choice of sushi: unagi and toro were outstanding - beautiful cuts, the toro richly marbled- kusshi oysters: fresh, delightfully sweet- Mushroom dashi soup with mizuna, enoki, tofu: a delightfully light, aromatic soup.- Lobster tempura: lobster was fresh and tasty, but otherwise this was fairly bland- Green tea tiramisu: Could barely finish another bite at this point, all for the better, since this was the least notable of the meal.SERVICEEdward took handsome care of us, understood and presented each dish expertly.SETTINGAmbiance and decor are unassuming - food is focus at Nishino, with the skill of its kitchen complemented by good service.
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,1/8/2013,142,176,6,23,13>I found out about this place from a friend via Facebook and seeing as how I love all things Filipino, I decided to make the trip from West Seattle to check this place out. The only other all-you-can eat Filipino restaurant I have ever been to was in Las Vegas and it was horribly disappointing, so I did not have high expectations for this place, BUT I am happy to say that I was pleasantly surprised by the food and the experience.The restaurant itself is incredibly clean and a very open space. Rather than the typical trays of food you'll find lined up at other Asian all-you-can eat restaurants, I was delighted to see that the food would be served from bamboo steamers pushed around on a cart. The waitress affectionately called it "flip sum" lol. This is such a cool and different concept, especially for a Filipino restaurant. So, for the food... like I said, I was skeptical because my previous experiences with this type of thing had not been good, but the food was DELICIOUS. Way better than any other sit-down Filipino restaurant I have been to in Seattle and the fact that it's all-you-can eat just blows my mind. To top it off, the chef/owner introduced himself to us and asked us how we were enjoying our meal. You can tell that he is really proud of the food that he puts out, as he should be because everything was very good. The standout dish for me was the chicken adobo, particularly because I am normally not even a fan of adobo, but this version was so yummy. Even the diniguan was good, which really shocked me because it's rare to find a delicious version of this anywhere, let alone at an all-you-can eat restaurant. At $13.99/person (weekend price), for the variety and of course quantity of food (as much as you want!!!), I thought it was a very good deal. Dessert is also included, which happened to be ice cream on this particular visit. We were charged $0.75/year for my 4 year old, which I thought was more than reasonable. The waitresses were very friendly and the service was super attentive. Even my mom and auntie aka pintesera extraordinaire #1 and #2 both thoroughly enjoyed the food. Although this is definitely not a convenient location for me, I will for sure be coming back in the future to see what else this place has to offer.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,1/7/2013,182,531,5,11,6>LOVE this store!  BF and I were at Whole Foods and decided to follow the signs to Health Mutt.  When we got to the door we saw that it was Yappy Hour (Thursdays after 5pm) and treats are 10% off.  Great!  We walked in and there were chips and salsa and WINE being served!  SERIOUSLY!!Aside from the amazing customer service (owner and owner's father have both been very, very nice), my favorite part of the store is that all the treats are sourced and made in the USA.  Their bulk treats are at a great price and you don't have to worry about poisoning your pet with treats made in China.
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,1/6/2013,734,229,11,11,9>Are you kidding me? Deep dish pizza with a cheese-crust?? Yes PLEASE. And another one to go, please. Note that the wait for a pizza pie is about 45 minutes, but it's worth the wait if you're ready for it. We came in hungry to start with (they brought a bowl of popcorn to the table) and when we read that it's a 45 minute wait for a pizza, we were a bit disappointed - However, when the pizza arrived and we took our first bite, it was well worth the wait. Also note that it reheats well - and that's a good thing because MAN that pizza is heavy. I ate one and a half pieces before I was stuffed.Overall, I'd go back - 4 Stars!
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,1/5/2013,341,577,8,11,9>Cakes of Paradise serves some of the best cake I've ever eaten. Seriously.I first tried cake from this place three years ago when my work would bring in a sampling of cupcakes for department meetings. Everything I ate was amazing--the haupia, the guava, the passion fruit, and especially the chantilly.I've been raving about this cake for years, so my bf brought in a cake to my birthday dinner as a surprise. All the guests LOVED it! The chocolate chiffon was light yet rich and the frosting was smooth, nutty, and not overly sweet. The perfect combination of satisfying sweetness and subtlety to keep you wanting more. That's chantilly cake from Cakes of Paradise.PROS:1. Amazing cake. Nuff said.2. Great prices. Way cheaper than gourmet cakes you would order from a wedding cake bakery. Must remember to keep this place in mind when I get married!3. Easy to order. Online forms.4. Fast. My bf ordered it only two days in advance.Go eat cake from Cakes of Paradise! Your tummy and mind will be happy!
<review# 2608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,9/20/2014,17,183,6,9,5>Ok so I got here a few months ago, and I was a little shocked that In N Out does not have a location here. I mean seriously they have just opened like 8 locations in Dallas Texas over the past couple of years, so How the Hell do they not have a location here in WA? --Unbelievable.-- So I have been looking around for something that resembles a decent burger here... I looked all over and found a few acceptable choices.Today,  I came here to Burger Broiler looking for a juicy chargrilled burger never imagining what I would find here.....It makes PERFECT sense when you think about it....What do Smart Mexican people do when they are missing the Yummy In N Out burgers they loved in Cali?? I'm glad you asked .....Do they sit around whining about not having any way to get their burger fix? NO... they open a Burger Broiler and make the damn burgers right here. PROBLEM SOLVED.Oh but wait it gets better.... FLAME BROIL the patties and now its NOT an "In N Out knock off", No sir... its 100% better !! SO take your happy self to Burger Broiler and fall in love.The grilled onions weren't on it, but I can live without that. FIVE STARS for Clean, Hot Fresh Food, And Price SUPER CHEAP. Hard to park there, so be ready to weave in the lot. If the persons you go with like Mexican Food there is a good place next door, but GET A BURGER!!!!! DOUBLE Cheese Burger with Fries and a Drink under $7. YUMTo me HANDS DOWN BEST BURGER IN TACOMA.
<review# 2609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,9/19/2014,172,264,8,13,12>This is the definition of a five-star establishment. It's beautiful, there is great seating both inside and out, the food is amazing, the staff is both caring and professional. I've never been in a bar I liked more. Cure is perfect for almost every occasion, from impressing out-of-towners to girl's night to a good date spot. It is right by the Cal Anderson tennis courts down a side street between Broadway and 10th, so it is off the beaten path enough that you won't find d-bags and bro-hos, even on a Saturday night. My favorite is the fromage blanc with truffle honey and almonds or the chorizo plate, but you really can't go wrong. They also used to do this monthly family meal-- three courses and I think a glass of wine for a fixed price. I'm not sure that they still do it, but it was an event to catch.Check out their drink of the day specials!
<review# 2610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,9/18/2014,463,564,3,13,12>Italian restaurants are easy to find - and to me, they all carry something good. It's easy to boil pasta and throw sauce on it, call it a meal!  But restaurants like Cascina Spinasse remind you that there is a way to do Italian right. Stepping into this quaint, open space, I immediately cursed at myself for under-dressing.  It was definitely apparent that I was the odd-girl-out here - wearing leggings and a jean jacket just didn't cut it.  But after a couple of well-made custom drinks, the anxiety wore off and I was able to relax for a nice meal.First up was the tasting of every antipasto, the antipasto platter. The prosciutto came out with the watercress salad - superb.  Fresh and delicate prosciutto that tasted great alone or paired with the complimentary bread.  Next up, the Vitello Tonnato (veal) with the arugula salad; the boys at the table loved this, me - not so much but that's entirely because there are certain meats I'm just not accustomed to or comfortable eating.For the main entree, I ordered the Tajarin al Ragu o Burro e Salvia (egg pasta with ragu or butter + sage).  This was so light yet so flavorful.  I almost regretted not getting something with more substance, but when the end of the meal is over and you don't find yourself saying "I ate too much"... well, that puts things into perspective.  Boyfriend ordered the lamb filled ravioli. Another meat I'm not comfortable eating, but I did try it. Cooked perfectly, and with more flavor than the Ragu that I ordered!  By this point, we had a lot of bread, with the appetizers and our main meal that we surprisingly weren't interested in dessert (though we ended up eating sweets an hour after we left the restaurant!). The waitress does deserve a shout out - she was so personable and very helpful... but most importantly, non-judgmental. It was obvious that we weren't Northern-Italian eaters, so some of the items we didn't pronounce too well!  Great dining experience!
<review# 2611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,9/17/2014,167,247,6,12,11>After doing some serious research with yelp and beyond, I decided to use Super Friends Moving for the first time about a week ago and wow was I impressed! I have used other great moving services before, but since this time I was only moving a 1 bedroom, I had to find folks willing to do a small move. With a name like Super Friends, they are already coming out of the gate hot, but totally lived up to it...how???HERE'S HOW:1- Their quote process was great. After filling out the outline form, I was contacted within 24 hours to set up a quick walk through. The walk through took all of 10 minutes. The next day, I got a comprehensive quote. Through all three steps, each employee was professional, polite, and a bit funny. (just how I like it.)2- Super Friends called when they were on the way to my house for the move to let me know I was ready. When they arrived, the first thing each did was introduce themselves to me and shake my hand. I don't know about you, but this exchange is starting to be a dying art. (Josh, Josh, and Mike?? you nailed it!) 3- They moved quickly, efficiently, and without any drama. These guys clearly know what they are doing and are in shape in to do it. Some moving companies feel like if you've got the bodies, you've got a moving company...not so! I was really prepared for my move, but they moved me out of my Eastlake place and into my Fremont place in 2.5 hrs. 4- They seemed to enjoy their work. In the service industry, the experience is more positive when you can tell people take pride in their work and Josh-squared plus Mike totally did. 5- The little things. I felt safe. Fair price. Professionalism. Clear receipt and charges. A bit of humor and charm.I hate moving. HATE IT. Thanks to Super Friends, this was the smoothest, non-head-achey move I've ever had. Hoping I won't need to for awhile, but clearly with it comes to SFM, I'll go again.
<review# 2612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,9/16/2014,115,70,7,9,9>My coworkers have hyped up Fremont Brewing for the past month or so, and I finally made it out there one Friday night with my boyfriend, following a fabulous dinner at Revel. Oh my, have I been missing out - Fremont Brewing is one gem of a brewery in Seattle! As I drove by to search for parking, I noticed the large groups of people gathered outside in the beer garden. Man, this place is poppin'! Street parking was fairly easy to find, assuming you're A-OK with walking a few blocks or so. Fremont Brewing's menu is short and sweet. I think they only had around 5-6 beers on tap that night. Expect to wait in line for a little bit, order at the counter, and find a seat indoors or outside at the beer garden. The staff was very efficient, and I liked how they were speeding things up using multiple iPads (with the Square app) for credit card transactions. Together, my boyfriend and I ordered a pint of Summer Ale, a goblet of Dark Star, and a growler of Interurban IPA. The beers tasted great - very smooth and refreshing. They were the perfect pick-me-up after long days at work. And I loved the glasses that they were served in! Fremont Brewing doesn't serve food, aside from pretzels to snack on, but you can bring your own food. My boyfriend and I noticed a nearby couple grubbing on Paseo sandwiches and drinking pints of beer - is that a genius idea, or what?!?!?! I'll have to try that combo out some time in the future. And the prices are definitely wallet friendly - $4 pints and $8 growler refills ($15 if you're buying the beer and growler container).Two things to note -1) Fremont Brewing isn't open late night - they close at 9pm. Perhaps they are trying to respect quiet hours for their residential neighbors? Who knows, but with this in mind, Fremont Brewing is more like the spot to go to right after work for a beer (or two) and catch up with friends.2) I only saw 2 restrooms indoors - one stall for men, and one stall for women. Did my eyes not catch another restroom nearby?! Hmmm, for a pretty big place like Fremont Brewing, I would have expected there to be multiple restroom stalls per gender. Expect a wait to use the restroom, or hope that you don't "break the seal."With great beer and great prices, I can see how popular this place is! I foresee multiple daytime outings to Fremont Brewing with my friends this summer.
<review# 2613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,9/15/2014,184,320,5,14,6>A family run business, Mu Lan Foot Spa & Massage has been around for five years and is pretty easy to book. Most of the time, you could get a last minute booking, even more so after 7:00 PM. The facility is clean, quiet, and all masseuses are professional. If you prefer to have a female masseuse, the recommendation is to book a slot before 8:00 PM any day. Otherwise, only male masseuses are available. 60 minute foot reflexology for $30 is such a great deal. It's not just a foot massage, but rather a 30 minute foot massage and a 30 minute full body massage. The masseuse starts you with a 5-10 minute head and neck massage, then runs into the 30 minute foot massage, and then ends the remaining time with a full body massage. Both times, I've fallen asleep enough for a few minutes. The massage tension was perfectly controlled throughout the entire service. It definitely is one of those places you wouldn't think to go in unless you heard of them by word of mouth. I'm thankful my friend recommended it to me.
<review# 2614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,9/14/2014,164,397,5,10,8>I love me some Viengthong! Such good Lao food in Seattle! I come here usually for work pick ups and don't get to dine-in often. But mane their food is good!! Nothing is pre cooked-always always fresh to order!!Their VT steak is so good with the sauce. The spicy sauce is so mouthwatering that I want to eat more and more. The steak is actually a lot for an appetizer portion. Comes with fresh lettuce, cilantro,  and mint. Love it!Their bbq chicken is also my fave! Tender thighs marinated in SE Asian ingredients then cooked so the meat is not chewy, but tender and flavorful. I like this one with sticky rice and some steak spicy sauce!Their papaya salad is delicious as well-mouth droolong because of how fresh it is. They use Kapiet which I like! Their spice levels are accurate and they are generous. Their papaya salad is how it should be.I have also tried their fresh rolls which are huge just like when I make it at home! Their pad thai taste homemade too which is reminiscent for me.Overall-great food and great service! Love the homey feel to it and how the quality is consistent and full of ingredients that are fresh and tasteful! The only downfall is the cash only payments, limited parking and they're open 11-8 daily except they close Mondays.
<review# 2615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,9/13/2014,228,402,5,8,8>Holy flaming peanuts, this place is good! I might have found my new favorite restaurant in Seattle. FYI this review is for SRW.First of all the location is great. I always forget that there is such a cute little neighborhood tucked back there near Greenlake. The restaurant is tiny and they only have a few tables and bar style seating. If you are sitting at the bar area you can watch the chefs work. My only complaint was that the large wooden chairs were not very comfortable. The first courses were really the only misses of the night. The carrot fritters were awesome. I'm not sure how they were cooked but they were not fried like one might expect (or if they were you sure tricked me!). It tasted kind of like I'd expect a baked carrot falafel to taste. All I know is I loved them and could have eaten bowls of them. The other two starters were less impressive. The hamachi ceviche was bland and boring and the foraged salad was just okay. The portion sizes were also tiny for appetizers.The main courses were phenomenal. I'm not a red meat eater, but I tried the wagyu beef and it was amazing. It was perfectly cooked, tender, and just melt in your mouth good. The sauce on top was great and I wish there was more. The halibut was delicious too. I normally refrain from ordering halibut at restaurants because it is such a bland white fish, but they managed to add just enough seasoning to make it very tasty. The white wine sauce that it was served with stole the night. My god I have not had that good of a sauce is so long. I definitely contemplated licking the plate clean but somehow managed to contain myself. The desserts were all great too. My favorite was the lemon pudding cake. It was light and refreshing but still full of flavor. The chocolate budino was a velvety and rich chocolate pudding that I could have eaten a whole tub of. Even the pear anise sorbet was delicious. The food here is fantastic and the staff is nice and attentive. I will definitely be back!
<review# 2616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,9/12/2014,184,229,14,12,12>I've been here numerous times, how have I not written a review yet?!  Yes, this place is in Lakewood.  Yes, this place is small.  Yes, this place is family owned.  And yes, this place is the.bomb.dot.com AYCE Korean BBQ!!!There really is not much I can add to other Yelper's reviews, I mean there are over 300 reviews to wade through.The family is super helpful to those KBB virgins (I was one of those when I first came here).  This is ALWAYS a stop for us when we head to/from Portland.  And when we begrudgingly have to make a trip to Tacoma or Lakewood, this place makes our trip well worth it.It is all-you-can-eat Korean Barbeque.  But unlike a lot of other places, you (yes, YOU) choose your meats and ban chan.  You don't have to rely on servers to replenish those for you.  Now, for rookies, choose your meats and ban chan sparingly, you don't want to get overwhelmed and inundated with unwanted food, they will charge you for uneaten grub (so the sign says).  They also supply you with radish and romaine lettuce for wraps, rice, garlic, jalapeños, and a pretty refreshing green salad.My suggestion is to make sure you are HANGRY before heading here to make your AYCE KBB journey worthwhile!
<review# 2617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,9/11/2014,71,27,7,10,10>New Seoul has great food, good service, and there is always an open table. My friend introduced me to this restaurant after finishing a round of golf at Harbour Pointe. Nothing could have hit the spot better than a hot stone pot filled with Galbi jjim (Kalbi stew). I was so impressed with the food, I asked the restaurant to cater my work function. They provided the main dishes we asked for and threw in 5+ types of side dishes for free. This was all to feed more than 350 people. In thanks, our company gave them a signed poster, which they framed and hung on their wall. Great community restaurant!New Seoul is a must try. Their menu is extensive. The owner and servers are caring and attentive. And their dishes are some of the best Korean food you will find in the north-end. This is not the place for you, if all you want is KBBQ. They don't offer grill tables, and I appreciate it! It's nice to eat at a Korean restaurant that focuses on traditional stews and entrees. Plus you don't leave smelling like BBQ.
<review# 2618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,4/14/2011,150,597,5,9,6>Somewhere in the nether regions between Greenwood and Phinney lies Pete's Egg Nest. It shouldn't be too hard to miss, but it's the kind of place that I'd notice going by and think about for breakfast, but never stop there. No more.And I have to say that it's a pretty nice choice for the breakfast goer. Of course, they have a more varied menu, but if a place has "Egg" in the name of their business, you have to pretty much order that.Accordingly, I went with the chili omelet: since it's sort of a mix of breakfast and lunch food, I feel like it's culinary multitasking and somehow I've gotten so much more done in my day. And with the portions, it will feel like you've taken care of both breakfast and lunch. It comes on a large plate adorned with hash browns that spread across the length of the plate. And this would be one of those oval plates that seem to extend across the whole table. Now as to the omelet, it's in a curious form. The eggs are underneath, with the chili, cheese and onions slathered on top. You almost don't need a fork to eat it, you really could roll it up like a burrito and chow down. Or take it to go. The hash browns are also a nice treat: a little crispy on the top and soft on the bottom.Now toss in a friendly waitress, frequent coffee refills and a reasonable price and you've got a decent way to start the morning.
<review# 2619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,4/13/2011,114,197,10,12,11>Two Words. Corn. Nuggets. To be specific, cream of corn that is battered, deep fried and served in a basket with a spicy sauce. I could eat these morning, noon and night. Brews and full bar with burgers, sandwiches, salads and various french fry selections on the menu. No table service here, order everything at the bar. In addition to my corn nuggets, I had the Classic Burger that was perfectly seasoned and we all split the Bleu Cheese, Bacon, Apple fries.  We sipped and ate for over 3 1/2 hours while listening to a mix of Sonic Youth, Arcade Fire and The Crystals.
<review# 2620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,4/12/2011,601,289,14,15,18>love.how do i love thee,let me count the ways.i love thee from the depth and breathe my hands can reach, for those delicious appetites. thy perfectly cooked steakas there is nothing but perfect grace.I love thee to the level of everyday'smost hungered need, by sun or candlelight.i love thee freely, as i consume with thought.i love thee purely, as i turn to praise.i love thee with a passion that was obviously put,into the dishes that revert me back to my childhood faith.i love thee with a love i seemed to losewith my senses gone... i love thee with the breath i breathe, smiles, and all my cash.  and if God choose, i shall but love thee better after debt.
<review# 2621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,4/11/2011,207,130,16,15,20>I go here every other Saturday, and can't seem to get over their tortas "Guadalajaras" con pollo -- comprising spicy chicken and a thin slice of fried ham, with lettuce, sour cream, cilantro, cheese, and tomato, served in a warm, crusty roll.  Green spicy sauce and really hot red sauce on the side, with a jalapeno pepper, too?  Yes, please!And this deliciousness for five dollars?  Get out of town!I realize that there are other items on the menu.  But, beyond the little bits of pork asado tacos that I sample from my wife's order -- which were fine, but not all that memorable -- I haven't tried anything else because I keep ordering the same thing.If I were to be fair, I suppose I should try their burritos, quesadillas and whatever else is on their menu.  And those fruity Mexican sodas seem popular with their Latino clientele.  But it's hard to move away from a delicious $5 sandwich!
<review# 2622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,4/8/2011,123,361,9,14,14>I went here with a group of Yelpers and had a blast! We ate family style and there was something for everybody- vegetarian and carnivores alike.When my partner in crime, and the last of the stragglers arrived, the waiter immediately got the wine and bread to our end of the table. This is very important folks, and because everything was being cooked fresh, there was a wait. I think there were only two people working that night (cook and waiter) so this was no small feat and nobody wants a bunch of loud, hungry people waiting, therefore we must be subdued with wine and bread.Most of the appetizer plates had all veggie dishes, except for one meat which I liked, and the bread was steaming hot and fresh. I ate the pear salad, gnocchi,  whitefish(?), bread (yes, I liked the bread, OK!). Nothing was smothered in sauce as so many faux Italian places like to do. This meal was simple and had great flavors.Negative: Because I don't drive, the location really stinks.Positive: Service, food and atmosphere.
<review# 2623,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/21/2011,4/7/2011,713,559,8,9,9>If you are looking for a classic big-portion, greasy breakfast then you have found the right place. Most of their breakfast plates come with all you can eat hash browns even though the size of their orders is more than enough to fill you up. I am quite fond of the ham and cheese scramble.As far as the service goes, don't expect a whole lot and you will be satisfied. The times I have been here, there was nothing bad about the service other than they are not the most attentive or proactive, but then again I haven't had a particularly bad experience either.Bonus to the Hurricane for being open 24 hours a day and also for a fun collection of mostly Star Wars themed Mr Potato Head dolls lined up on the wall behind the counter area.
<review# 2624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,4/6/2011,261,212,5,11,11>I'm not sure why it took me so long to finally stop by and order something from this place but I'm glad I finally did.  Yes, the exterior does look a little shady, but: 1) never judge a book by its cover and 2) Seattle is well known for great hole-in-the-wall joints.  I took a look at the walk-up menu and literally couldn't decide what to get.  It's pretty much an original burger joint with a few extras that you can't really find at any other fast food places.  I just had to try the hotlink burger (a burger with a hotlink on top), fried mushrooms, and a marshmallow milkshake.  Everything was crazy delicious.  I'm a big eater, so I think next time I should get two.  The burgers are juicy and delicious and normal size (for normal eaters).  The service is pretty fast considering everything is made to order.  I will certainly be back to try their seafood and chips plates and other milkshake flavors.  Booyah!
<review# 2625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,4/5/2011,942,857,9,13,13>Love love love love!!!!!!!!!I can't tell you how much I adored my dining + drinking experience here!!!!! So I came here for a girls night out and decided to check out knee high stockings!!!! I am so happy that I did.You have to text the staff their with your reservations, and then get confirmed. If you were wondering where it is located. It's located where this pizza and pasta place was once located accross the way from saley, and winner's circle. So please be open your eyes to this place. Because if you don't, you'll miss it!So we went for happy hour without evening know it was happy hour, and we got their chicken pot pie ( yummy yummy ) their fingerling potatoes, which we dipped into our pot pie, and their mac and cheese!!!! So tasty!!!!!But the thing that topped it off, was their service! I swear it was by far the best service I have ever had in seattle! The two staff members were so friendly, and just on top of everything. Not too attentive, and not ignoring us. I loved it, and their cocktails were dangerous.... mostly their punch, and their shots that they were passing around!!! I must admit that I can not remember the rest of the night, but from what I remembered it was amazing! :)knee high stockings is the best!!!!!!!!!!!! I love you guys, and cannot wait to bring more people with me next time!!!
<review# 2626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/4/2011,506,1620,9,16,15>Since getting a new-to-me car last week, I can subtly feel the engine running a bit "off". After trying other places that couldn't do it because they were either busy, diagnostic tech was out or they were just closed, I decided to try out Walt's.I dropped it off and told Bob (the manager?) I'd like complete visual inspection and test drive. So, I go for a walk, grab a chai tea down the street and come back to chill in the waiting area (which is decent, btw). In less than a hour later, Bob calls me over and discusses the possible symptoms from the subtle "engine misfiring" I'm feeling. He said it could be the compression on a cylinder, the injectors needing a cleaning, something else I forgot, or (because it doesn't seem severe, at least, yet) he recommended a fuel injector cleaner additive. They said the additive could help, but I wouldn't know unless a shop with an engine scope thingy diagnoses it. Right away he suggested Matthewson's up the street, but they're only M-F. Greg's might have one, but the closest one in Tukwila was booked today. I'll be taking her to either one next week...So, no money was spent, although I left with a great first impression from this small Renton auto shop. BUT, since I was there, I noticed they had a wiper blade stand and my rear hatch wiper was bad. I told Bob, and he just got on it. Went over there, skimmed the book and we went outside to put it on. I didn't even pay first. I got the rear hatch wiper blade hook-up, yo! Haha. Got it on. Looks good. Went inside to pay it. Dude gave me a discount! How over-the-top awesome is that!? ## Recommended. ##
<review# 2627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,4/3/2011,374,341,8,10,6>How can you not love a gym built in an old hotel with lots of random nooks and crannies?Sometimes I imagine the twins from the Shining riding their bikes up and down the halls and it makes me happy.This place is really terrific. There are tons of cardio machines, on multiple levels, excellent weight training machines and two women's locker rooms, the upstairs one being adults only, with a steam room and a jacuzzi, just for the ladies.The pool uses salt-water filtration, which is a bit misleading since they still have to use chlorine. There are good aqua classes and even better classes in the gym.I discovered NIA here, a dance/exercise class emphasizing movement and breathing and be-ing. It's both invigorating and relaxing at the same time.Zumba is like other zumba classes I've taken, fast and furious and fun. And for the piece de resistance, they give you a gym towel to use upon arrival! Sure, it's as threadbare as the towels your mom uses as rags, but it's there, along with copious amounts of washcloths, to wipe down machines or sweat or use in the shower.Parking is weirdly spread out over a few blocks in Ballard but it's a treat to have in this crammed neighborhood. p.s. Marta the trainer kicks ass, in a good way.
<review# 2628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2006,10/6/2006,28,41,4,8,8>I really, really love pork. There. I said it. Sometimes I get a craving for porky-ness, and Schultzy's is the perfect way to satisfy it. Don't expect a tubular, brat-type sausage, though. The oval-shaped, freshly made sausages are the patty variety, and they are available with damn near any topping you like.Pork. Beer. Fries.Goooooood.
<review# 2629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2006,10/5/2006,20,23,5,4,4>i have to say, the first time i went in this place - i wasn't impressed. everything seemed overpriced - and it just had a little too much patchouli-vibe for my taste.  i mean...sometimes you just want F'in triscuits.  that's all. just a box of triscuits. nothing with stone-ground wheat and sesame seeds.  no 6 dollar organic shxt...just basics.  so i'd pretty much written this joint off like a giant bulk-foods canister of wheat-germ.  but then, for some reason i had to run in there for an avocado or something - and it slowly started to win me over.  the produce is generally good. the deli offerings are great for a quick meal.  and the staff is actually really friendly. so...while i still think some of the items are overpriced, i have to say - it's a good little community market.
<review# 2630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2006,10/4/2006,9,19,2,8,5>I'm an avid dim sum lover. Growing up with this stuff was always a treat with my family in the international district (ID). I can't say it's FABULOUS because nothing beats the more authentic Chinese food in China. I would have to say Vancouver, BC and San Francisco are the two places where you find more authentic Chinese food. Go to ID for a quick fix if you can't afford to fly overseas.Jade Garden has one of the most selections in Seattle. There's plenty to try. Go with an open mind! Dim sum... literally means "touch heart". You will find 3 or 4 little dumplings in the little bamboo steam racks that they cart from table to table. The waitress will scoot her cart over and tell you what she has. If you know Chinese they often ask "what do you want" without telling you, but if you're venturing here for the first time... they'll be nice and open the lids to show you what they have. Be open minded and try something at least once before declaring you don't like it. Even if it's as weird as chicken feet... your taste buds might thank you for it later. Do try their deserts. What I like is Hom Soi Gok.. view here (dimsum.com/ds1.html). Price:Each dish is labeled small, medium, large or specialty and the cost starts at $2.50 per plate. The bill at the end usually be about $12-$15 dollars per person (if you eat a lot). Yum Cha- "drink tea". (People sometimes say this in reference of dim sum). If you don't want tea, kindly let them know before they bring you a pot. Each person is usually charged a .50 cent "tea fee". If you're into tea, ask them about their selection that you can choose from. Free refills with tea. Service: As others mentioned.. understaffed. The food is worth it though. If you want someone's attention... make eye contact and flag them over even when they seem busy. You can't sit there all day..As for their dinners... they're pretty good. Though their dimsum wins the popularity contest among the locals. All I have to say is BE ADVENTUROUS!!!!Enjoy!
<review# 2631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2006,10/3/2006,55,87,11,5,4>I have a 15-year-old Filson's handkerchief-weight long-sleeved shirt (khaki) hanging in my closet that bears witness to the quality of Filson's garments. Their durability is truly remarkable. This durability may also account for the price of their garments, which some might find - how you say - "ouchy".Only drawback - and it's not a big one. The only two looks you can put together from their line of garments are "Fly-Fishing Coot" and "Pheasant-Hunting Coot"...but neither of those is a bad look at all for some people...Jack Lemmon or Walter Matthau, for instance.
<review# 2632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2006,10/2/2006,14,15,12,5,3>A donut. I don't ask much from a donut. Just give me simple, pure sugariness. I first walked into Top Pot today set on ordering a dozen yumholes to bring into work. Okay, the library and WiFi area was a bit distracting. Who wants to work or read when you need to be eating donuts? I want my donut man making donuts, not fixing the routers in the back room. There was one future fatty kid jonesin' on a Roosevelt Donut made 'specially for the HS football team. God, tell me why is there a football on a donut? A green donut at that!  What's next---pineapple on a pizza? In my day I...What?!Okay, but I also grabbed a double chocolate cake for the road. It blew me away! Dangerous-like. The stuff was slightly crunchy and melty at the same time. It was mind-altering. I took the express/HOV lane in Ravenna all by myself. I feel sorry for the boy. He's done.
<review# 2633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2006,10/1/2006,278,486,2,12,3>When I moved, I was hoping to find a good thrift store in my neighborhood, because there are some very important things you can do  at thrift stores: you can get rid of your crap guiltlessly (so you can buy more), you can buy raw materials for your awesome Halloween costume, and so much more!  So I am happy to announce that St. Vincent De Paul's thrift store meets my expectations.The store is fairly big and is divided up by department.  It seems pretty clean and non-smelly in there, which is always a plus when pawing through racks of used clothes.  In addition to apparel, there's a smallish home furnishings section (though they don't have a lot of furniture), but the kids' section is pretty small and doesn't have much in the way of toys or games.However, their book nook is excellent, and is the main reason I will go back again.  They have them nicely separated by hardcover and paperback, and the selection is really impressive, the best I've seen at a thrift store yet.  Hardcovers are $2, trade paperbacks are $1.49, and paperbacks are even less than that.  This week, they had multiple copies of books like The Corrections and The Lovely Bones, plus Oprah's Book Club selections and other current books.  I got two books for under $3!They also take donations via the back entrance (if you know what I mean).  It seems like what they'll accept depends on their current needs - the day I went, I had a bag of old blankets, which they were willing to take.  You may want to call beforehand if you're loading up your car with a ton of junk for them....or head down the street a ways to Thriftko to donate whatever St. Vincent's won't take.Clean, well-organized, and offering friendly and helpful service, St. Vincent De Paul's is everything a thrift store should be - and I still can't get over their great used book section.  I'm definitely going back soon to check on new arrivals!
<review# 2634,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2006,9/30/2006,125,99,12,12,6>How dare you people give this place less than three stars! Yes, it has more to do with basements than it has to do with artifacts but hey, it's called the "Underground Tour" not the "Underground ARTIFACTS Tour". Duh.For the history of Seattle and with kids younger than 10 this place is excellent! The tour guides are funny in a campy sorta way and being underground would seem cool for a kid...a little kid.Ages 11-21 can steer clear because you: (1) see three basements for an hour and a half, that's 1.5 hours too long as a kid in puberty and (2) can't enhance the campiness with alcoholicness.Ages 21+ is a tossup. Just ask yourself "do I like novel dank basements with a lot of novel history?" I certainly did. But then again it may have been the chilled Grey Goose shot taken right before I entered....THE BASEMENTS DUN DUN DUN!The tour starts in their office in Pioneer Square next to Mario's Pizza, starts at the top of the hour. Be sure to arrive 10 minutes before, buy your tickets 1 hour before if you can. Yes you can take alcoholic drinks into the briefing room.Please note: Tour guide humor is in dire need of some updating. Geraldo jokes are so 1992.
<review# 2635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2006,9/29/2006,188,480,9,6,3>Oh my Stars, they are not kidding when the say "Taste the Fire" or whatever in tarnation is their motto. I ordered the Firestarter appetizer and my lips are still smoking. Fortunately, our lovely waitress asked, "Are you familiar with our Firestarter?" to which I was wise enough to reply, "No, I am not." She then proceeded to explain which was the SUPER hot pepper and which was the mildly hot. All in all, a yummy appetizer to compliment my Pomegranite Mojito, but we weren't done yet. I had also ordered the crab cakes (starter), and Chris ordered the salmon with garlic-horseradish mashed potatoes. At one point, we each wondered if there was anything on the table that wasn't going to set our mouths ablaze. So what did I do? I ordered the Strawberry-Jalapeno Margarita. I mean, what the hell, I already couldn't feel my mouth.We would go back in two shakes we enjoyed it that much. Now, granted, it was 6:30 on a Tuesday, and there was virtually nobody there. My kinda place. Oh wait, the clincher.....we'd seated ourselves at a two-top between two four-tops and during our meal the owner (?)/manager asked if we could scoot over....wait for it....for a free dessert. Hello, free dessert. Yeah, I'll scoot to Edmonds for free dessert. So in our fridge right now is a Cherry Almond Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream. It almost makes up for the fact that my Strawberry Jalapeno Margarita was $8+. And the nice people we scooted for said "Thank You." You can't beat that.
<review# 2636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2006,9/28/2006,14,3,3,6,6>Down you go the dark stairwell... you notice the soft carpet underneath your feet, the polished wood.  You hear the first brassy notes of the trumpet as the door shuts behind and you emerge into a dimly lit, underground secret.  Right here all this time was a jazz club preserved from the 1950's .This is not the 1950's jazz club as it actually was... I suspect the real thing might have been gritty, even a little sweaty.  No, this is the club as we always imagined it.  The romantic notion we have created in our collective consciousness from Hollywood movies and pulp fiction novels.  Where everyone on the dance floor twirls and turns with professional flourish, elegantly dressed waiters prepare your flaming Bananas Foster tableside, the patrons in their subdued colors speak in hushed tones, and the menu comes from the four-star restaurant upstairs.  There are no flaws in this illusion... the food, the music, the atmosphere.  And isn't that what we really want?
<review# 2637,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/9/2006,9/27/2006,311,158,8,9,8>"C'est magnifique"Lovely little creperie that just opened up in the dreary Village Shopping Center about a minute ago. So lovely, in fact, that I almost forgot I was on Bainbridge Island. Then the squalling brats set in - I mean the babies starting fussing. First, a bit of cultural background:Ok, I live on Bainbridge Island: home of well-to-do young families, bitter I-got-here-first families, happy I-got-mine retirees, and me. I really shouldn't complain about the squall... er fussing babies about town. Not to mention the confused (and confusing) s l o w drivers and botoxed cranky bitches. (And I'm not even mentioning the very bored, over priveliged, over indulged, strikingly insuffferable - even for teen-agers - teen agers).I shouldn't complain- but I will. Thanks for listening.Coffee made by a frenchman?? Sacre Bleu!!I grabbed my favorite Bainbridge Mom and off we went.The minute you walk into the place, you are cheerfully greeted by Chef David Lalouche, "Hallo, how are you today, pleez come in"! He cuts a fine figure: he is easily six foot five inches if not more and he is in constant cheerful motion: greeting customers, whipping up crepes, and overseeing his barristas. Did I mention this man is happy?The small room is painted a lovely pale green and is decorated with beautiful black painted wood chandeliers and light sconces topped with black toile shades. Painted wooden tables and chairs complete the look. Very frounch. The menu is plain and simple: drip coffee, espresso, and crepes; about 6 each of sweet and savory.They all have names, but I cannot remember a one.We chose to split the last one from the sweet column, along with cappucinos (yes, very nice).Our crepe was filled with Belgian chocolate (they use callebaut),  sliced pears and toasted almonds.I am not a crepe fan, but this - this is worth navigating the awful, horrible Village Shopping Center for.(Note to day-trippers: this is not within easy walking distance of the ferry boat, but it is walkable. If you are very nice (i.e. buy me lunch), I will tell you the shortcut)These crepes are truly transformative:suddenly, the fussing babies seemed to be part of the Parisian amtosphere.We  planned our next visit: a little later in the day when the babies are napping and before school lets out...we'll share 2 savory crepes and then see how it goes for dessert...and most important - we will bring some wine.If  the babies get to bring their own bottles, we feel it's only fair that we do too.
<review# 2638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,3/2/2008,47,72,8,10,15>Camera fades in.....Group of men in matching suits, gathered in a hotel bar. One looks repeatedly at his watch (in spite of the fact that he still has four hours to go). A gregarious bartender approaches and hands the time wary man a complimentary drink. Scotch, no rocks, 31 years old. The man takes a sip and seems to relax. Camera pans out. Fleeting images of people gathered in an opulent waiting area. Images of a hallway. Camera focuses in on a group of women in black evening dresses posing for pictures. The attention seems to focus on one women in particular."We still have four hours", says the focus of the attention."Ladies, can we move over to the windows?"" Ugh, when are these going to be done, I'm tired of posing""wooooooo woooooooooo" Sounds of yelling and laughing penetrate the room, some of the women roll their eyes."Jesus, listen to the guys" " I know" Focus OutFour hours elapse in an instant, The camera focuses focus back in on a warm, flower laden room. A man stands in front of rows of nicely dressed people in rows of white chairs, also adorned with flowers.Music starts. A procession of men, the ones who earlier were gathered in the bar, slowly file in. The first one stops by the man standing in front and turns to face the crowd. (......and his destiny)A group of women then enter, they file in much the same way as the men before them, then a quiet grip the crowd. The silence and emotion are so  thick it seems to hang in the air ......music starts again.An older man escorts a beautiful woman down past the people, some are crying, but not out of sadness. Some have smiles, all are intent upon the event they are to witness this day."Ladies and gentlemen" It begins...........--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------------Thank you Alexis, Thank you for a perfect day. The room that evening was amazing. I now realize I need a jacuzzi-tub in my bathroom and do not know how we ever got by without one.
<review# 2639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2008,3/1/2008,704,321,35,24,30>Americans can be a pain...You know it, I know it, and the rest of the world knows it. We're impatient, hot headed, workaholics, that smell like hamburgers and taste, not unlike... plastic.It's no surprise to me that more then a few of you who left reviews for Mashiko complained that the wait is too long. It is however a great shock that those of you who have eaten here, don't love it enough not to care!I'd wait a week in a hole filled with poisonous blowfish, while waiters rubbed my nose in Wasabi to eat here again! The reason there's a long wait, is that this is not a fast food restaurant!It's high quality sushi served in courses at the customers leisure! It's a restaurant that prizes quality over quantity, and masterfully serves some of the freshest and most well thought out morsels I've ever placed past these sensitive flowers, I call, lips.Let it forever be known that I traditionally HATE Sea Urchin.I simply can not abide what I perceive as the old fish taste and gooey texture I believed was synonymous with the beast!An issue gracefully solved by serving me minutes fresh Sea Urchin on a crispy tempura round. A slightly squeezed lime wedge placed under it to soak up just a sparkle of flavor. You discard the lime wedge and when this art is placed inside of your mouth... a fireworks display of synapses push you to bliss! Now anyplace that can make me love something I hate... that's worth a sixth star! Close your eyes and dream of the best sushi you can... taste it passing over your lips, the textures complementary, the flavors tinting  your throat with colors the likes you've never known. Now open your eyes and realize that food this good is worth waiting for. Most certainly worth savoring. There's no hurry here, only the careful and thoughtful care of the tastebud.  Breathe. Eat. Learn to taste with new eyes. Fly my child.Fly.
<review# 2640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,2/29/2008,264,858,16,21,17>5 star service, 5 star flavor, 5 star spicy goodness!!OMG!!  This place is the bomb!!  Two words, HOT POT!!!  HOLLA!!!This tiny hole in the wall serves of some of the finest Ma Po Tofu this side of heaven!  Tasty and spicy yet you could still feel your tongue afterward.  Actually the spicy flavors were just that, flavorful, a little kick here and there, nothing to frighten a small child in fact.  Our Hot Pot was wonderful, think Fondue on steroids!  We had the two sided pot, as we had a few non-spicy eaters, although they tried the "hot" side, they mentioned that in-fact they were able to enjoy it as well without need of large quantities of water on hand.Came here with a crew from high school, we try to gather somewhere "exotic" for dinner each month, this month was no exception.  Our host selected a fine place for dinner, and of course the company helped make the evening as well.  Servers were kind, attentive and yup, spoke enough "Chingrish" to figure out we wanted the "good" stuff.One of the few places in the ID to take Debt/Credit cards, heck they even allowed us to equally split the bill up and pay with 5 different cards without blinking an eye or giving us a dirty look!  The five of us shared, Hot Pot, the wonderful Ma Po tofu, two other dishes, and 8 beers, the bill only came up to $104, before tip, not bad in my book!
<review# 2641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2007,2/28/2008,251,244,19,28,27>After wearing my hair in a ponytail or under a hat for MONTHS because my stylist moved to Oregon, I finally decided to buck up and get a damn haircut from someone else...Thank the Internet Gods for Yelp, otherwise I would have been at a total loss as to where to go! Oddly enough, my Ma was also in the market for a new stylist, so I told her I would make appointments for both of us at Zero Zero.I ended up with Rabia, Ma ended up with Ken and we both strutted out of there with bangin' new haircuts for $35. I haven't loved my hair this much for YEARS and hers looks pretty awesome as well. Rabia knew exactly what she was doing and managed to give me a cut that brought out the wave in my hair that I could never get to look right with my previous cuts.  We walked out looking 10 times hipper than we did we we walked in. This is THE destination for a fantastic haircut at a decent price.
<review# 2642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2007,2/26/2008,53,57,16,7,10>Bring me here on a second date.I'll get the veggie BLT half order, and a gin fizz, well probably more than one.You'll get points in my book. Points redeemable for making out.
<review# 2643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,2/25/2008,141,930,12,14,13>Holy Cow 500 reviews already!  It seems like just yesterday I wrote my first one, but it wasn't, it's been one year and 10 days. I checked anal retentive much I know.I never paid much attention to my "milestone" reviews but decided my 500th I should and I thought and thought what could I review, it needs to be someplace I haven't reviewed yet and someplace I frequent a lot and someplace I have deep love for......than it hit me, I haven't reviewed Pike Place Market, I've done many of the stores but not the Market itself!  So I'm making my 500th review be Pike Place Market's 169th review.  But what do I add to the 168 other reviews that have already been written???  Working just a block away I see the Market everyday and end up there a couple times a month to eat, shop, drink or just people watch.  You can find almost anything there; apples, broccoli, croissants, doughnuts, el pavo cannelloni, frozen yogurt, garlic, halibut, ice cream, jalapenos, king crab, lamb gyro, mac & cheese, nuts, oolong tea, pate, quadruple chocolate cheesecake, red sour cherry preserve, smoked salmon, thyme, umbricelli pasta, veal, white chocolate champagne truffles, x-ray glasses, yellow fin tuna and zucchini.Pike Place Market a must see for any local or visitor to downtown Seattle and bring your camera you might actually see a fish fly.
<review# 2644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2007,2/24/2008,317,792,14,14,13>Approaching and entering the Hurricane Cafe I experienced a serious moment of deja-vu. "Have you ever been here before?" someone asked. "I think so, but I don't really remember," I replied. Then we sat down, perused the menu, discussed the merits of drinking an Ultimate Hurricane with rum and fruit juice and 151 in it at 10 in the morning, and I finally got around to looking at the walls. OH! This used to be the Dog House! And it's still just as divey as ever. Love it!I ordered the mini breakfast with 2 slices of perfectly crispy bacon, an egg, toast and hashbrowns that were amazingly not overly greasy. For $5.95? Hell yeah. Oh, and a mimosa made with cheap champagne. After an early morning 5K run, it was perfect. The coffee was weak, the dining room cold, the bathroom a sauna, the food took forever to arrive, and one person's order was forgotten. Don't you hate being the person with no food when everyone else is eating? All this should add up to a low star review, but once I realized I hadn't eaten here since it was the Dog House, I had to go home and Google how long ago it closed down. 1994. Damn, I'm old. 4 stars for the memories and keeping the divey, lackluster tradition alive.
<review# 2645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,2/23/2008,116,228,14,17,14>Aurora Avenue / Highway 99 from Seattle to Everett is a culinary wasteland, unless roadside pubs, fast food and generic pho joints are your thing. But if it's Korean that you covet (and I covet it often), Hallelujah! Sam Oh Joung is the latest restaurant to set up shop on Highway 99. Located across from Paldo World, it's in a nice newish facility. Clean and pleasant inside, I found the service to be quite attentive, something that Ho Soon Yi veterans might find hard to adapt to (I did!).I've eaten there twice in the past 2 weeks and was mulling over going again last night. The panchan is nothing to write home about - decent selection, decent flavor. But the dishes themselves are well prepared and very well executed. This applies to both individual meals like Bibim Bap, and communial affairs like Bulgogi and Pajeon. Had I gone last night, I would have ordered the Jung Gol (stew) and Sam Gyup Sal (pork belly). I know this because I'm slobbering all over my keyboard as I type.Gripes (because all "legit" reviews should have gripes, no matter how nitpicky)? The grilled dishes are a bit small for what you pay (12$ and up). And when I was there last, the festive music consisted of one solitary Christmas carol - It Came Upon a Midnight Clear - played over and over and over and over and over and over again.So there you have it. Another very good Korean joint in the north end. Go because the food is tasty. Go because the restaurant is clean. Go because the service is good. But wait until after the holidays. Unless you really love 'It Came Upon a Midnight Clear'.
<review# 2646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,2/22/2008,765,551,12,13,12>Tuesday night is 80s night. Which means that those of us who were alive and conscious of pop culture during the 80s have total nostalgia moments, while our kid friends who were born in the 80s look on like we're a bunch of senile old people drooling on ourselves while we dance uncontrollably down memory lane.The tater tots were good and plentiful. 5 Point's are better in my opinion, but they also have cheese on them if you so desire. Cheap drinks during happy hour and I nibbled on a friend's crab cake. It was tasty. Hey... get your mind out of the gutter! You don't know where that mind has been!
<review# 2647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2008,2/20/2008,615,688,12,13,12>Delicious, affordable and a very unique setting.  So I've been passing by this restaurant for a few years now.  And I'm always saying, "I wonder how that place is..." and never following up on investigating.  Finally, I made reservations and we ventured out to enjoy a romantic dinner without the kid.  The courtyard is charming and sets this perfectly romantic setting.  I'm sure in the summer it's absolutely lovely to sit out there with the fountains and hanging flowers.  The restaurant itself is in an older building set up with a very home style feel.  They pride themselves on Sicilian food, of which personally I know nothing really about.  I mean, I've known some Sicilians and they seem to really enjoy life and good food.  And that seemed to come through in this particular restaurant.We started with some bruschetta appetizers that were light and delicious.  And proceeded to enjoy two different style marsala dishes.  Both of which were savory with rich flavors.  And of course we had to indulge in their tiramisu, which was executed quite well.  And all quite affordable.Yes, it was a little cheesy romantic for my taste, but the food was absolutely delightful.  As others have said, a great date place to show you actually care.
<review# 2648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,2/11/2014,71,409,8,12,9>Do frogs bark?We waited a while for our table and reservation so I wasn't sure about the place at first. We moved from the cold front door area to the burning hot fire pit table but couldn't last there long enough to have dinner.Our table finally opened and from there we had a great time. The server was nice and knowledgeable. Earlier I had asked her for something when I was waiting for my table and was having a drink and she wasn't attentive and blew me off but when she switched to being my waitress she made up for it. We had the crab salad that had a lot of crab in it more than filler and it was tasty. We then had the beef tartare with bone marrow and truffles, which we thought would be better but it needed more flavor. I had the scallops and enjoyed them with the brussel sprouts. The combination of sauces and veggies was delicious. My partner had the duck with risotto, which he thought was tasty and he liked very much. We finished everything with the pumpkin spice creme brulee, which we thought was okay and thought it would've been better plain. Overall we had a great time and would come back again with a night stay at Willows Lodge afterward.
<review# 2649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/10/2014,130,349,13,24,18>I was so excited to hear Eat Local was opening a downtown location.  I have never been to one of their stores prior, but love the concept.  From their website "prepared foods are made with Northwest farmed, organic produce, 100% grass-fed and finished organic beef & free-range organic chicken. Everything on our menu is hand-made in our kitchen, from scratch, using traditional methods & house-made stocks". Living & working downtown along with being quite busy to make a good dinner, I knew this store was going to be my new best friend. I visited the week they opened.  The store was clean with lots of freezers packed full of food.  They have paper & glass containers, both contain the same content and size.  If you purchase the glass container, you just pay a $7 (and some change) deposit that once returned can be used to purchase something else.   They have a special on all their portion sizes (single serving entree, 2 serving entree, and sides) in which you get a $$ amount off when you buy 3 dishes in the same size.  The staff was very friendly and helpful while I shoppedThe gentleman working there offered me a sample of their McGraw Street Nut Loaf, which I appreciated because I don't think it's something I would try on my own.  Oh my, it is one of the most delicious things I have ever ate, I'm actually eating a single serving I bought while I type.   Boistfort Valley organic carrots, organic walnuts, organic brown rice, organic sunflower seeds, organic lentils, oil, Eat Local ketchup (organic brown rice syrup, organic garlic, water, oil, tomato, organic paprika, organic oregano, kosher salt, organic black pepper).It was very hard not to buy up the whole store.  Though frozen, everything looked so good.  They also have such a huge selection, meat entrees, poultry entrees, seafood entrees, vegi entrees, pasta entrees, lots of sides, pizzas, dessert, ice cream.... the list can go on.  They also have other food items not made by them such as pickles (which I bought a jar of), crackers, jams, honeys, wine, beer, ect.!  Along with the Nut loaf, I also purchased their Decadent Beef Bourguignon (which is their beef bourguignon but with mashed potatoes), mild macaroni and cheese, and creamy polenta.  It's taking all my strength not to just heat them up and eat!  I am super excited to try everything this store has to offer.  It feels good to have a healthy full meal that tastes amazing.  Single entrees cost from $8-$12.  The fact that they are organic and don't taste frozen, makes me feel the price is reasonable.
<review# 2650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,2/9/2014,78,127,7,16,12>Given that there aren't many ramen places in Seattle AND not many authentic ones, this place is a go to for the real stuff.Opened a couple days ago, yet came out booming w many customers. Dinner gets a waiting line usually. They're open for lunch from 12-2 and open back up for dinner at 5-9. Small menu, but good menu. I really like the garlic char siu and spicy char siu ramen. Comes w boiled eggs you can peel yourself (unlimited). Small place, but lots of people come through. Upstairs and downstair seating.The small bowl of sukiyaki don is also tasty. Good for a child friendly meal.Very quick service.It's chicken broth and is packed w great flavor. Comparing it to Aloha Ramen which I thought was pretty good, Ramen Man is much better and not Americanized as the other ramen shops. Great for the cold fall/winter time Seattle is approaching with! Small place, booming business. Must go :)
<review# 2651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,2/8/2014,82,163,6,14,9>Ok so you walk into this place and first thing you think is its kind of dirty and its probably going to be greasy. Oh My God can you be anymore wrong! Put the setting aside and focus on the food. Its great. As in like I am fussy and I cook and have years in kitchens so you are not sneaking anything past me. The ingredients are top notch and the food was delicious. I ordered the this or that I think which was the blueberry cakes with sausage and scrambled eggs. The cakes were crispy with a wild blueberry compote and some whipped butter on top (or was that cream). The topping was delicious, the cakes were crispy more like a well done crepe and it was just awesome! My wife ordered a dish with ham that was thick cut, with cheese grits, a homemade biscuit and eggs. The ham was a tad salty for my tastes which is not uncommon as that is how the ham comes, but the grits were some of the best I had and the biscuit was the tits! Portions were very generous and the food overall was all outstanding. I gotta get back here soon.That said a few things to note:1. Cash only. They have an atm but come prepared.2. Decor is a bit rough. Just deal. I think they really need to replace the tables and chairs but whatever.3. There is a list, be respectful and just dont grab a table. 4. Enjoy. Really.
<review# 2652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,2/7/2014,166,217,8,13,11>This place is about as country as you can get in Seattle. As a big country fan (I seem to be in the minority out here) this place was just what I needed!We came up here during one of the live bands and they were great- lots of country music mixed in with a little rock, I loved it. The place gets crowded! Because of the dance floor and the way the walls and seating are, it's a bit narrow to get over to the main bar. Generous pouring and pricing for mixed drinks. Bottled beer was $3.50- I'll take the $4 for strong rum & coke instead. There is also another small bar on the opposite side on your way to the bathroom- way less crowded than the main bar.The crowd is a nice mix of all ages. There was some country line dancing going on too, so if you don't know how, it's fun to watch!I will def be coming back here to get my country on!
<review# 2653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,2/6/2014,47,230,5,15,10>Took the kids to our dentist before Thanksgiving and boy was I excited to see the old LA Café with a new sign for Rocking Wok. I've been going to the Wallingford location for a few years but this one is much closer, in Chinatown, and has PARKING.   Hubby and I met for a lunchdate last week to try it out.  It was pretty quiet inside- but that might be because I haven't seen or heard any advertisement.  We order the xlb, hand shaved noodles, braise pork knuckle, and shanghai rice cakes.  (Our friend joined us!)  Everything was really yummy - just like the other location!  So excited to add this to my lunch spot rotations!  If you like noodles - get their hand shaved noodles!  It's delicious - both my kids love it from here.  Chicken hand shave noodles.  The pork knuckle was huge, fall apart tender, braised fatty pork.  So good with rice.
<review# 2654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,2/5/2014,158,182,10,15,11>Let me tell you the most annoying shoe problem in the world; buying a pair of Christian Louboutin stilettos and wearing them once just to have the red paint wear off the bottoms! So much for red bottom shoes when they are red bottom no more. My friend and I were discussing this dilemma when she told me about Bailey's Shoe Repair. She had taken her shoes in to get soles redone and she swears by it. Naturally I had to take my pair in.I walked in and all I saw in the back were rows of beautiful Louboutins. This is the place. I told them my story and the absolutely funny and charming man "welcomed me into the inner circle."The "repair" to fix my red bottoms was done in a timely manner. My shoes look amazing! I will be brining my shoes back. I will be telling ALL my friends about this place and the "inner circle".
<review# 2655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,2/4/2014,199,210,8,11,11>Delicious!I wasn't in the mood for being picky about rum or about avoiding sweet drinks. I manned-up and ordered a daquiri--#4, up. It was fine, simple and enjoyable. The food was what gets my stars though. I had the hibiscus appetizer, which has now been renamed to "Sauteed Hibiscus" because apparently Seattlites get confused by the complicated Spanish involved in its former name, Flor de Jamaica. In any case, it was hibiscus/jamaica flowers sauteed with sun dried tomatoes and red onions or shallots. And it was as tasty as its reputation suggests.I also had the Cuban sandwich, which instantly gets a better score than that of Paseo simply because they had the bread in stock. That aside, it was great. Not too huge, which is good, considering you're eating pork AND ham AND cheese AND god knows what else.I had a bite of a friend's bananas foster, which was served dry, not soupy as I'm accustomed to seeing. We enjoyed playing dominoes before and after dinner, liked the pleasant decor inside, and enjoyed the entertainment of watching men awkwardly exit and enter Club Z across the street.
<review# 2656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,2/3/2014,18,168,2,15,9>After digging around at Nordstroms, Nordstroms Rack, Macy's  and the Walking company we were referred over to Romax Shoes. What a great experience and variety. My husband and I both needed a pair of walking shoes for a long trip. Hailey, the sales woman, was absolutely wonderful, helpful and was most interested in us finding the right shoes.  there was NO sales pressure so we wanted to buy from her!!!   We landed at the store close to closing time, and since we tried on a few pairs she happily worked past close to make sure we had what we needed, and I love my new Danskos!  What an amazing experience in customer service and great products. I will be back!
<review# 2657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,2/2/2014,263,1104,6,11,10>Oh my! The most disappointing part of my visit here was how long it took me to finally try it! I walked in to a dark, charming restaurant with lots of groups celebrating special occasions. I joined a birthday party upstairs as well.One of my favorite pasta dishes is spaghetti with anchovies/sardines. The one here with garlic, chili and anchovies was so tasty and excellent! The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, the portion was surprisingly large and the $14 price was more than reasonable. I actually found the prices for the pasta to be fairly reasonable compared to its neighbors and for its quality. I also had an excellent chianti recommended by the waitress.The odd thing was there were a lot of groups here, we read it was group-friendly but the waitress said she usually doesn't split bills but they would for us. I don't know if they tell everyone that- which is weird- or they usually don't. We had a great time as a group though.This place will have to be added on my list of favorite Italian restaurants in Seattle. I can't wait to come back and try the crab gnocchi!
<review# 2658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,1/27/2011,87,262,8,13,9>I'm happy. So happy, in fact, that I read the sign in the window that read "Hours: 4pm-12am" as "Happy Hour: 4pm-12am". Happy is everywhere! Here's the thing though, when we ordered and asked if the sausages and bacon wrapped dates were still on the HH menu with the cocktails, the server said, 'I'm sure I can make that happen'. We ordered a tequila sour with floating red wine and some sangria, with our two little food items - at happy hour prices! So nice.The cocktails were delicious and photo-worthy beautiful. The bites as well. And the vibe? Very Txori-esque, which is terrific. I hope this Southern Spain replacement of our old Belltown gem makes a great go of it. We'll return and make up for my wishful reading... perhaps on their brick enclosed patio I have yet to enjoy in the summertime.
<review# 2659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,1/26/2011,150,597,16,11,10>Writing a review about Bakery Nouveau is a bit like an infomercial. What is Bakery Nouveau you ask? Well, it's a shop in West Seattle that serves coffee. They're quick and I've always loved the lattes here. Certainly a nice place to pick up coffee.BUT WAIT, THERE'S MOREThey also make chocolates which range from vanilla to caramel flavors. I've only had the caramel flavor here, but it was fantastic. I've made a mental note to pick up more the next time I'm here. A great place to find chocolate confections.BUT WAIT, THERE'S MOREAs you might expect from a bakery, they also do a great job with breads. These range from baguettes to croissants: try the footlong baguette here, it's has a wonderful fluffy texture for such an item. You could almost stop here just for bread for sandwiches.BUT WAIT, THERE'S MOREDid I mention sandwiches? They also have croissant sandwiches as well as pizza. The last time here, I was running a little late and grabbed some of their meatball pizza. The toppings were a nice blend of cheese and, well, meat but the crust was perfect texture; sort of what you'd expect from a bakery.BUT WAIT, THERE'S MOREOkay, what's left is basically a caveat. It's not the greatest place to do sit-down coffee because it's a fairly small place and the lines can be out the door at peak hours. The price of success. So consider this 5 stars for take-out and 4 stars for dine-in (because it can be crowded).
<review# 2660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,1/24/2011,601,289,24,23,22>DiamondsI remember when I was in 5th grade, my science teacher explained how diamonds are made.  To freshen your memory, diamonds are made from coal that is pressured over time.  Basically it's something that's cheap and plentiful that is pressurized to make these beautiful stones that once cut and polished, reflect and refract light. The reason why I'm giving you this quick gemology lesson is because I want you to understand the gem of Issaquah: the fried chicken at Gaslamp Bar and Grill.  The chicken is succulent, hot, tasty with the perfect amount of seasoning and encrusted with the most perfect breading... ever.  It's this crispy, flaky goodness that makes you stare at your food.  Yes. Stare.  It's perfection.  I know that 99.8% of the entire US population won't ever find a diamond, but you can definitely feel like you've found one once you've tasted the chicken.  So go.  watch some football, play some darts, shoot some pool and eat their chicken and get ready to have your life altered.
<review# 2661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,1/23/2011,114,197,11,12,12>It's simple, slightly swanky and oh so much fun. I've been living and chilling in Bellevue for 3 months now and I very pleased to welcome Lot No. 3 to the neighborhood. Been spending much time at Lot No. 3's older siblings' pads since I've been a Bellevueite, so a laid back joint with classy cocktails and light bites was exactly what the doctor ordered. Snacks include meats, cheeses, jar of pickled veggies, plate o' bacon, polenta fries (funky, yet good), pretzel with mustard, deviled eggs, popcorn and onion dip with chips. Salads, sandwiches and a five large plates complete the menu. I had the PB&J with bacon on my first visit and devoured it quite quickly and rather unladylike. My foodie sidekick and Salumi Artisan Cured Meats' new unofficial fan club president, Bec L., noticed that the salami selections are crafted from the one and only Salumi in Seattle.We sat in the leather lounge chairs with coffee table in the loft and peered down on the rest of the restaurant. Tea lights in eclectic mason jars set the mood, water and glasses are already on the table when you arrive and cocktails are served in a variety of glasses from local antique stores. Simple and slightly swanky is definitely for me.
<review# 2662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,1/21/2011,374,341,8,11,11>Why do I love the 2 Bit? Let me count the ways-1. Great location away from the madness of Ballard Ave.2.  Strong, reasonably priced drinks (unlike some nearby bars, whose high prices hardly give me SHELTER.)3.  Awesome bands crammed in tight but friendly quarters.4. Alert, amiable bartenders constructing tasty bevvies while making you feel like part of the drunken, kooky, barfly family.5.  Jessie, owner and rock goddess extraordinaire, survivor and lover of humanity.6.  I don't smoke, but a place for these ostracized outsiders to enjoy their stinky sticks.The 2-Bit is an imperfect stone in a sea of over-polished gems, and if that's not enough, there is talk of a roller-derby rink opening right next door. Bring on the rollerskating babes!
<review# 2663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,1/20/2011,261,212,19,19,18>I found THE best place to go for pie.....SEATTLE PIE COMPANY.  As the name implies, these guys specialize in one thing: tater tots.  No McFly, it's PIE!!!  Although, tater tots would also be a great food to specialize in, but that's another story. This place isn't that easy to find, especially since it's up in a semi-residential area in beautiful Magnolia.  Once you find it you'll realize the trip was well worth it. They have a nice selection of homemade pies with the best crust/crumble I've ever tasted in the city.  I was able to sample the apple pie and the dessert island pie, which has a variety of different berries.  I don't know why but I opted to not get the scoop of ice cream on the side.  Next time!So, get the addy, find the place, order up a couple of different slices and enjoy the deliciousness of good ole pie.  Now I'm drooling.
<review# 2664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,1/19/2011,109,455,11,15,14>This is a great addition to the restaurants on Broadway and if the crowd enjoying themselves at dinner were any indication, it should be around for a good while.First note--happy hour from 3-6 and 9-close at the bar.  However, they were nice enough to give us the happy hour pricing even though we were at a table.  I think as long as the place isn't crowded, they'll be flexible.  Wine is $3.50 and there are also specials on wells and several dishes.  I'm not much of a wine drinker, but the house white was quite good and not overpowering.I had the gnocchi in pesto which was a very creamy and oily pesto.  It was quite good, but I think next time I would pick either the marinara or alfredo sauce.  The portions are more than generous, as I could only eat half of my pasta. Service was very good, they brought us a fresh bottle of chilled water when the first got warm sitting in the sun.The restaurant is open and bright, although it does have that slight industrialized feeling that makes it hard to hear when the noise level picks up.  There is an outdoor seating area that is great for people-watching along Broadway.  I will definitely be back.  Benvenuto Panevino!
<review# 2665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,1/18/2011,160,99,20,21,24>"Do you like balsamic vinaigrette?"Not exactly the question I was expecting when I asked what a beer tastes like....However, I am the adventurous type and so what the heck?  I tried it anyway.I immediately knew what he meant.  Such a explosion of sweet, fruity flavors with an intense sour finish.  It was just missing the salad!  The Duchesse de Bourgogne is my new favorite flemish red ale.  I know I know, I fail for not trying a whiskey in a whiskey bar.  But with over 300+ selections how could I choose?  So I opted to leave it up to the bartender.  I told him to pour me a shot of something he has never tried before.  He looked at me, smiled, and went immediately to get his little ladder.  Up to the top he reached.  Pulled down a scotch actually.  Dalwhinnie 15 year.  Neat with a drop of water.  Perfect.  As always my palette intensified with the flavor.  But surprisingly there were hints of vanilla and honey and went to a more citrus finish followed by smoky glaze.   Me thinks I struck Scottish gold.  The bar wasn't crowded and there was a lot of random regulars who came in and went as they pleased.  I enjoyed my time here and will be back for more adventures.
<review# 2666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,1/17/2011,176,500,13,17,15>The jerk chicken at Island Soul is better than the jerk chicken I ate in Jamaica! Not only that, but Jamaica didn't have the crack corn muffins, the sweet plantains or Carla.The jerk chicken is simply amazing. It's flavorful with a kick to it, and the sauce is perfect on the sweet rice the meal comes with. The corn muffins are addicting, and if you pay in cash, you receive some complimentary muffins to go! The collared greens are also satisfying and the mac n cheese is to die for -- so cheesy and so rich! The service can be a bit slow at Island Soul but it definitely is friendly. Carla is always very warm and welcoming!
<review# 2667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,1/16/2011,155,124,14,17,15>This place wasn't what i expected, and i honestly was only trying to use a coupon to get a late breakfast/early lunch near my cousin's mom's house near Lake City Way (she was treating, so i figured i should use up some two-for-ones while the book's good...and she needed a place close-by so she wouldn't be late for her ride to the airport).I expected it to look like a Claire's Pantry and smell like waffles, sound like screaming children, and have booths stuffed with people covered in syrup. It was actually quiet and empty, save for an older fella reading the paper and having a meal next to the counter/register area (it's really cozy in here..small but comfortable). I liked the fact that this little restaurant keeps lots of papers and magazines lying about for people to read.The young woman serving was hip-looking, friendly, and didn't make me feel like a toolbag for bringing a coupon in. I asked about the specials board, which had oyster stew on it scribbled in chalk, along with BBQ shrimp & grits...so i had to ask. They were her favorites, she said, and i know she meant it when she described the creamy white oyster stew, because her face lit up. We had a brief chat about our mutual love for bivalves when my cousin came in. The menu was a bit short, and sans the breakfast-fare that I'd read about on Yelp (aka the french toast). The girl explained that they did late brunch on weekends....so i guess we were too late for the weekday b-fast menu. But she offered to make special requests to the kitchen if we wanted eggs or anything.The later menu had sandwiches, salads, pastas, appetizers, and some seafood (the special fish of the day was snapper) such  as clams in white wine...and i was relieved that it wasn't going to look like a typical  post-breakfast menu from a place that i went to FOR breakfast (you know, either all sandwiches, fried stuff, or cafeteria food). I had to get the BBQ shrimp and grits ($15, if i remember), though. There was spinach in there! How could i not? My cousin ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with yam fries ($8? $9?) (i had been eyeing that, too). The stew will have to wait another day although i honestly am still thinking about it as i write. The food came out at a leisurely pace, so i'm glad i had put off an appointment till later that day, and my order included a neat, lightly-dressed salad to distract me. I wasn't asked about a choice of dressing, but it tasted subtle and pleasant; however, other people might want to be asked first.My shrimpy grits came out to be in a glorious stewey broth/sauce (yay, it's not just gravy!), loaded with chubby, glazed shrimp in their butterflied fetal position nestled on top and inside the sauteed spinach. The grits came in a triangular cake form, and was bit larger than the one i had gotten in my shrimp & grits at Toulouse (not knocking Toulouse down...just comparing). The portion was generous, and although i finished it all, it took me awhile! The shrimp have their tails on, which i prefer, even if it makes for messier hands. All that sauce and flavor sticking to the tails! My cousin must have enjoyed her very hearty-looking portobello sandwich on that big, crusty bread (the kind with a hard top dusted with flour and softer on the inside inside), because she did not offer to let me get my greasy hands on it. My photo doesn't capture the inside very well, but it looked gooey and cheesy, with the mushrooms chopped into manageable (but still hearty) pieces.Waiting around for the card to get swiped took a few minutes longer than i like to wait after i realize how much food i've eaten. This was most likely due not to her negligence, but probably to our being so engrossed in a personal family matter and the fact that we never had to ask for anything (waters were always refilled), so our urgency to close out most likely did not seem like our first priority. We parted ways, i pulled my shirt over my tummy and moaned a little, and hugged my cousin goodbye.I think the only thing missing here are more unique items like their gumbo, and that stew for their lunch menu. Since they were specials, i'd imagine there's got to be new things popping up all the time. I'll have to see! And get my oyster stew craving satiated. *joy
<review# 2668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,2/25/2012,215,299,7,11,10>Honestly, I'm not going to pretend like I know that much about teriyaki, but I do know that this particular teriyaki is freaking delish, AND they are open on Sundays, which is all I need to know. I had a regular teriyaki place near my house in Shoreline, and it always sufficed, but the last time I went there it was a little on the dry side, so I searched for other teriyaki places near my house, and stumbled upon this one, which got rave reviews, so I knew I had to try it to see if it really was the best teriyaki ever. Well, it just might be, and if it's not, it's pretty freaking close!I'm on this whole vegetarian thing right now, but I think I can make an exception on occasion for this amount of deliciousness. Yup!
<review# 2669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,2/24/2012,171,247,6,9,9>A philly cheese steak sandwich is one of those foods where simple ingredients come together (when done properly) to make something extraordinary. The sum can be greater than the parts. Calozzi's executes this to perfection. I had the philly cheesesteak with grilled onions and provolone. The bread was perfectly crisp and chewy on the outside and soft on the inside. The inside of the sandwich was filled with a ridiculously generous portion of juicy thin sliced/shredded steak, onions, and creamy melted provolone. My only complaint would be that the meat was a little undersalted/seasoned. But I think they are trying to cater to people who don't like too much salt. There are salt and pepper shakers next to the condiments, so this can easily be remedied. The price of the sandwich (around $8) may seem a little high at first glance. However, the sandwich is humongous and likely big enough for two.
<review# 2670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,2/23/2012,120,129,16,18,17>This gym is my old home.  Every since my youthful amateur days I have learned so much about hard work and respect.The gym is located inside Union Gospel Mission on MLK.  Inside it houses a no frills or gimmicks gym.  The punching bags and floor is old sweaty and been through many hard times and long days.  This gym has housed many professional champions, golden gloves amateurs, and olympians.All led by the legendary Coach Bee, he was a former professional fighter and student of the great Eddie Futch (trained Joe Frazier and Freddie Roach)  Over the 8+ years I have learned so much in life from Coach Bee, like my grandpa.  He is a stubborn, tough, wise, and very caring individual.  Plus over years I have met some greatest bonds during my lifetime, and built a family of fighters.The only gym in Seattle to have a complete respect and history, blood, sweat, and tears.Keep your hands up and your stingers sharp... bzzzz!
<review# 2671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,2/22/2012,83,154,7,13,7>No thanks Red Mango, Yes please zoeyogurt!! The staff was very friendly and explained to my husband and I how ordering worked; sample flavors as you please, middle bar between flavors makes them swirled, stop by the toppings bar and then onto the cashier. I'm happily surprised to see that many of the rich flavors are actually nonfat... makes me think of that Seinfeld episode...I digress, the toppings bar can be overwhelming but it's nice to have choices: fresh fruit, Butterfinger pieces, graham crackers, cheesecake bites, Oreo crumbles, Nerds and more!My final concoction included raspberry tart & cheesecake yogurt topped with raspberries, blackberries, kiwi and coconut. My husband opted for the raspberry tart & lemon swirl topped with raspberries. Total price: ~$8. Don't forget to ask for a punch card. Plenty of seating and some comfy looking couches too. We'll definitely be frequenting this place since it's a short stroll for us!
<review# 2672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,2/21/2012,62,110,8,9,10>I don't often venture into downtown because I'm a scrooge and don't want to pay for parking, but I made an exception because my beloved hairstylist Nina is at Seven.  A good stylist is hard to find and I'm so happy that she's back styling hair.  Now my world is all rainbows and unicorns and my hair is back looking sassy.I just had my hair cut by Nina on Saturday and I visited Seven for the first time.  My initial thought was "Did I just walk into a club at 11:30 in the morning?"  There's a live DJ spinning music and they also have a full espresso bar (complimentary drink with your haircut)!  Huzzah!I'll definitely go back to Seven, not because the atmosphere is hip, but because Nina is the best of the best.
<review# 2673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,2/20/2012,1139,93,4,11,11>AMAZING!!!  I love this restaurant!!  All I can say is that the food is off-the-charts delicious!  I love the Drunken Noodles, but I decided to have the Garlic Thai, which was fantastic!  The presentation of this dish was stunning with the baby corn beautifully arranged across the top of my dish.  It was so pretty that I almost didn't want to eat it... until I smelled it, and then I couldn't wait to dig in!  The flavor of this dish was phenomenal!  The garlic chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the combination of the sauce, veggies and chicken over the sticky rice was just heavenly!  I wanted to eat it all, but I also wanted left-overs so I made sure to save some room for dessert instead of eating my whole dinner.  I ordered cocunut ice cream with extra crunchy coconut on top, and I have to say that this is my new favorite ice cream!  The cocunut flavor is tasty, and the crunch of the cocunut on top is just delightful!  If you like coconut at all, you have to try this ice cream!  So by now, I'm sure you can tell that I am a fan of this restaurant...  Just to make sure I am covering it all, the atmosphere is also quite nice and has beautiful decorations around the restaurant.  But what really makes this place special is the service and attention to detail that the staff bring to the table (pun intended... lol)!  I really do love this restaurant and am eager to go back so I can try another dish!!
<review# 2674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,2/19/2012,239,280,20,17,11>Dear Café Campagne,I cannot dumb down my love for you anymore.  When my Facebook check-ins involve being in your presence almost weekly, I realized my original review was in dire need of an update. You've deserved so much more from me...The truth is, I think you're amazing! You make me feel like I'm in Paris again.  There are important things you have taught me in life, such as how to appreciate and become one with Dijon Mustard. You showed me the way with your Comte de Gruyere and your Levain bread.  You've delighted me with your arugula salad with a vinaigrette nobody can detest.  Your pommes frites are the best hidden secret in this city. By the way, if people knew how good your frites were I'd never get in.  So, let's just keep that our little secret since I can appreciate getting a table on your patio for a nice lunch on a warm sunny Friday, without too much hassle.You are truly, truly, one of my most favorite places in this entire city. How I love you so... So Café Campagne, vous etes incroyables, my love.  Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise. Forever yours,Tanya
<review# 2675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,2/18/2012,200,357,11,13,12>I started flying at the age of 2, and ever since have loved airports and planes. There is something strangely endearing about watching the chaos unfold in front of you. People from all walks of life, destinations around the world, hugs, tears, smiles - you get to see it all (and an occasional crazy passenger).Having flown via many airports on multiple continents, SEA has been one of my favorites, and not just because it's been home since 1997. - You can pretty much always get to the airport within 30 minutes. - Tons of on-site and off-site parking options. - Variety of food options. - Clean and up kept. - Free Wi-FiAs to the friendliness of staff...that can always be a hit and miss, but over the years, hits are much more frequent.SEA - Home Sweet Home :-)
<review# 2676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,2/16/2012,125,356,5,8,5>Absolutely worth the wait!!!1. tuscan kale starter - HIGHLY RECOMMEND. Kale is pretty bitter on its own, but somehow the super light dressing on this made it so freaking delicious. I love food that still tastes like the original. So instead of tasting like the dressing, the dressing brought out the flavor in the kale while neutralizing the bitter. Freaking AWESOME. 2. carnation sunchokes starter - You had me at sunchoke. It's so rare to find this in a store much less on a menu. Delicious. The texture of the sunchoke with the sweet onion was perfect.3.  buffalo mozzarella pizza - Delicious. Your basic pizza with tomato, basil, and mozzarella. I'd never had buffalo mozzarella, but it's now my favorite type. The flavors tasted very, for lack of better word, pure. This is how pizza should always taste.4. sweet fennel sausage pizza - It was definitely sweet, and the fennel was all over the damned thing. It was immensely tasty, but it's not one that I would order. My friend is a creature of habit and after taking the first two bites, he stated it was the best pizza he'd ever had and he'd never order anything else. After that, he promptly inhaled the entire pizza.5. penn cove clam pizza - Awesome. Clams on a pizza? I had to try this for myself. It worked, it absolutely worked. It was a little too cheesed and salty for my taste, but the corners of the pizza where all you could taste was the clam and the pancetta and crust... omfg delicious. I ate to the edges and I started just nibbling and savoring. Everything was DELICIOUS. Even the desserts. The cannoli and the sea salt chocolate pudding were amazing.We came in a group of 8 on a Saturday night and had to wait 2 hours. No problem. We parked it over at the Buenos Aires Grille and downed some drinks while we waited for the phone call. Service was top-notch and the server was a good sport. We downed 4 bottles of wine and he was joking right along with us. :)It's just as well that this place has such a long wait. If it were a bigger joint with more seating space, I might be tempted to go ALL THE TIME.
<review# 2677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,2/15/2012,15,88,4,7,4>refurbed vito's is truly excellent.  I came here for a very picky friend's bday dinner and he loved it.  The piano player is an older gal who looks like the distillation of the old vito's.  The food is solid--italian, and plenty of it.  Not spagetti factory plenty of it, but more substantial than the recent small plates trend.  the dinner crowd was a total mix--a bunch of 30 YOs, people my parents' age, and people my grandparents age.  Server was awesome--and graciously induldged the inevitable table drama of a large bday party fraught with food ordering indecision and one million checks.  total fan of their dinner service.the real standout is their bar.  I've caught drinks here a few times, and each time I felt like I finally found the one cool bar in seattle.  don't get me wrong--there are tons of other bars I enjoy in seattle--but the hipster dbags that work at most of them act like they are bending over backwards to serve me a drink, which is incredibly annoying.  No bartender affected sulkiness at Vito's, and every drink was perfectly executed, from dirty vodka martini (blessed blessed mini ice chips), some delicious lime beverage with celery flavor, and oceans of gimlets (epic bad decision on ordering three gimlets to END the night--amateur, obviously).
<review# 2678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,8/29/2012,153,309,6,10,9>We liked this place so much the first time that we went again the next night. We ordered to go the first night and I had the #2 pho (the rare beef) and Cam had the pork Bahn Mi. He also ordered the spring rolls. It was all really good. The broth from the pho was really flavorful and rich, and all I added was a little bit of lime for extra flavor. The only thing is that the broth wasn't warm enough to cook the beef by the time we got home, so I had to pop it in the microwave. Next time I'll order the regular beef pho if I'm doing it to go. The next night we went in again and both had the pork Bahn Mi but I added fried egg. We also tried the pork egg rolls and the pork skewers. They were all amazing but it was way too much food. The sandwiches are larger than they seem and are packed with meat and veggies. The service was good and unobtrusive, and the restaurant itself is cleaner than my house. The bathroom floor was a bit sticky though. I wish this place was closer, but otherwise it's amazing and we will definitely be back.
<review# 2679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,8/28/2012,239,280,8,14,10>I have frequented Bis for short visits usually involving delectable appetizers and drinks while meeting friends in the bar, but never, have I had the honors of dining in this fine establishment for dinner... until last week. I came here for a company party and we were seated in a private room with a fireplace and servers walking around with trays of stuffed tomatoes, spanakopita, prawns and several other tasty bites. Joe the owner checked on us ever so diligently and delighted us with his charming charisma and great sense of humor.  I can assure you, we're a tough crowd to please with numerous foodies and let's just say finer palettes and gastronomically demanding personalities in our company. I truly mean this in the best possible way, and no, I do not include myself as part of that either.Take away the fact we had amazing service in a finer setting, the dinner we experienced earned this place 5 stars alone. This experience in my book, could not have been any better... it just couldn't have.Although everything was great up until the point we were seated for dinner, my husband and I were a bit concerned about what we would be eating this evening, being the only two vegetarians in our group of close to 45 others. We were thrilled to find the prefixed menu created for our party had a vegetarian option on it and oh, how I loved that. So, we both ordered the mozzarella, tomato and basil salad for starters, the lentil, carrots, garlic, onions, and blasted cauliflower entrée for dinner, and polished our meal off with a ginger berry sorbet and the molten chocolate cake. Heaven awaited me with open arms after this incredibly wonderful meal. If it was my time to go, you'd get zero complaints out of me after that meal... :)Thank goodness we left the party with a Bis on Main cook book signed by Joe himself, which is several hundred pages and worth every penny because it actually included many of the items I still can't stop thinking about 6 days later.   Everyone clearly enjoyed themselves and the party at Bis was a total success.So, Bis on Main is in fact the BEST on Main. This is absolutely a new favorite of ours and we cannot wait to return for another wonderful dinner on our own here.
<review# 2680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/27/2012,601,289,13,15,14>ShaShayBuddhist teachings state that when you're 60, you're reborn, your life starts over again.  For the 60th birthday, there's suppose to be a HUGE celebration to celebrate your life and the beginning of your new life.Which is why for my 30th birthday, i knew i was halfway done until my next regeneration and i needed a haircut.  I wanted to change my hair, but keep it the same.  I wanted to cut it down and be symbolic of the life i'm leaving behind and entering a new stage/life/period/chapter.After going through several pictures via pinterest and narrowing it down to five, i showed them to Adriana.  Now i know i've been a huge fan of Todd at zerozero, and i put Adriana at the same level as Todd... if not, dare i say, better.She knows hair like no other.  She listened to me, picked out the EXACT haircut that i needed (not necessarily wanted as the hair i wanted would have made my face too round) and gave me the best hair cut. evar.My heavy hair shashays when i walk, it makes me look clean, sytlish and yet so versatile that i can dress it up.  i just love it.  You can tell her skill with hair when she busted out the razor and started thinning my hair with precision and exactment.  I just loved it!(Adriana worked at Gene Juarez for 9 years before moving to this salon.)I couldn't help but smile from ear to ear and can't wait to start the next 30 years with this haircut.
<review# 2681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,8/26/2012,205,135,5,8,5>Question: Is the pizza laced with crack?Question: Is that why the pizza is so expensive?I really enjoyed my lunch trip to serious pie with my girl friends.  We split a salad, which was very delicious.  It had roasted beets, shaved fennel, goat gouda, and toasted pistachios.  We shared the yukon gold potato pizza and the fennel sausage pizza.  The yukon gold pizza was tasty with the fresh herbs  but it needed some gooey cheese.  I really loved the sausage pizza because of the red and yellow peppers.  This pizza wins for delicious, salty, crispy crust.  That's what makes it so special.I was also really impressed by the service that I got there.  I was in a bit of a hurry and given how busy they were and the fact they had to fire up two whole pizzas, I was sure I'd be late for my meeting.  We had a wonderful meal and were out of there in 35 minutes, with a salad course, and pizzas.  It didn't even feel rushed!  It was a great meal!It misses that 5th star because of the price.
<review# 2682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,8/25/2012,112,326,6,8,8>It's an old spot with a new business living in it. A few things about this espresso joint. It has a very simple appearance both inside and out. It also has some of the least expensive coffee you'll find this side of sucking on a coffee bean. My friend and I both had our Americanos... for $3.00. That's not some sort of new fangled math... that's three Mr. Washingtons to get a caffeine fix for you and your pal. They have free wifi and plenty of seating. As a new business they are still figuring out their stock situation and pastry bits but give them a little more time and they'll get it down... just don't be shocked if they're out of soy milk their first few weeks. If you want a decent cup of coffee and are in the area this will do the trick.Expect quick and friendly service as well as plenty of parking. I'm a fan!
<review# 2683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,8/24/2012,129,291,14,14,12>Two words: Soft pretzels. Yes, yes, I love me some soft pretzels. I don't know why more bars don't serve them because they are the perfect nosh while drinking and these ones are by far the best soft pretzels I've had in Seattle.  At Brave Horse they have a bevy of mustard options too and that also makes this gal a happy one. Who wants a plain soft pretzel? Not me. I like to dip it, dip it good. I must say, it was CROWDED on this particular Friday night but I was so impressed by how quick all our food and drinks came out. I also tried the tumbleweed cocktail and it was freakin' delicious, as was their dessert pretzel chips with the marshmallow-nutella concoction. Outside seating with umbrellas and heat lamps made it comfy to be outside on a fall night. It's safe to say I loved it.
<review# 2684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,8/22/2012,207,79,13,16,13>Heaven. Crunchy savory heaven to be exact. Geraldine's French Toast that is.. It comes with a fruity topping, and while that changes daily, the amazingness doesn't.Oh and foodgasm. Silky and savory foodgasm aka Geraldine's Chicken Pot Pie.. It's almost the consistency of soup, with two homemade buttery biscuits on top. Mmmmmm excuse me while I wipe the drool off my keyboard.Order: French toast and the chicken pot pie. I know. Chicken pot pie at breakfast? Just do it, you can thank me later. On my first time BFF and I ordered those two items, but I was also craving hash browns. So in addition, I ordered some platter consisting of HBs, two eggs any style, chicken sausage (you also have bacon or sausage to choose from) and an English muffin. Needless to say, my platter remained untouched because I devoured Heaven and Foodgasm. I was actually a bit mad at the amount of table space the breakfast platter was taking on our table.. It made access to the other delectable items that much harder to get to.Don't order: the pear soda. Immensely sweet to the point it almost tasted like children's cough syrup.Tips: Parking can be tough, lines are known to be super long, and if you pay in cash, for every $10 you spend (pre-tax) they give you a $1 coupon to entice you to come back (like that really is necessary).Happy eating!
<review# 2685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,8/21/2012,477,246,7,10,12>Avoir une faim de loup, what is the best way to supplement such hunger? Le Pichet of course! Meat, cheese, and amazing coffee? Sign me up for that diet!We stumbled in here with about 4 people in our party, it has a bistro feel to it, and often times can feel a little cramped... but thats OK, in fact, you will probably walk out of here bigger than you came if you do it right ;) The major downside to this place is the fact that you will want to try everything, so, what the heck, get it all. At least it felt like we got the whole menu. The portions are not huge so be mindful if you plan on doing any kind of family style eating here.We started out with the duck terrine, cheese and charcuterie plate, both fairly reasonable in pricing and both outta this world in the taste department! We tore apart that fromage and meaty goodness like a woman after a weight watchers meeting!The entrees:Pork Belly saladBeignet saladTongue and goat cheese sandwichSalted cod smothered in decadent cream sauceQuicheI was really excited about the pork belly salad; however, the pork belly was overcooked and made for a not too pleasant experience for a porkaholic. The beignet salad was different, which is why we got it, the beignet played very nicely with the salad. My wife got the quiche and loved it, me however, I questioned its freshness, it is not that it did not taste good, just tasted like maybe it was made the day before or early that day, none the less it still produced a desired reaction. Our guests had the cod and tongue sandwich. The salted cod was much better than I expected, I am generally not a big fan of fish and cream sauces, but the French made it work here. I was fortunate enough to get a couple of bites out of the tongue sandwich; it made me wish I got that instead of salad! I love me some tongue! If you haven't eaten tongue yet you are doing it all wrong. Overall my faveorite was the cheese and charcuterie with the terrine. Because of that and the coffee it gets a 4 star. We walked out of there for less than $80 for four people, 8 food options and 4 drinks, not too bad for a restaurant in Seattle, let alone a French one.P.S. Je vous ai fait google!
<review# 2686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,8/20/2012,386,1001,10,16,12>Let's think about that word "gastropub" for a minute. It's one of those trendy catchphrases that wants to convey more meaningful awesomeness than other words do. Like when people at the office never say "use"--they say "utilize" instead (unless they're headed for the restroom). Pubs with great beer and great kitchens that choose NOT to call themselves "gastropubs" seem more content to let their chefs and bartenders do the talking, and rely less on catchy phrasing on their signage and menus. Collins is definitely in the category of places that build a name rather than trading on one.First, and perhaps most interestingly, of all, this place is located in the Smith Tower. Or jungled in on the same block of buildings, anyway. That immediately gives it a relative urbanity that is in scarce supply in the Emerald City. You just feel like you're going to a downtown spot, and most of the downtown spots worth the name cost a small fortune. Collins is not the cheapest beer bar in town, but it's not the spendiest, either, and when you're downtown, it's nowhere near the spendiest place to eat well.And that's one serious advantage to this place--you really can eat well if you come in for the food. You don't get the sense of it having a dining room at first; it looks like it's all barstools and side tables inside the door. But past the bar there's a sit-down dining area, and there's dark wood everywhere, going all the way back to the restrooms, when it comes time for you to utilize those. It feels nice without insisting that you notice right away that it feels nice.The menu is pretty much soups and salads and sandwiches and burgers and the like, with a few good entrees thrown in. But they're all made well, generally from high-quality, local, fresh ingredients, as far as I can tell. More importantly, the beer list is serious. There are a couple dozen faucets, and they are always pouring good stuff, often good stuff that's hard to get, sometimes great stuff, sometimes stuff you might never see again in your life. The staff is really nice, really chipper and friendly, and they know their stuff well. Seth has done a great job with this place, as he has with Hudson (the food there is slightly more ambitious). I have brought friends, family, professional contacts, beer geeks, dates, and groups of people in here, and everyone has always enjoyed themselves. I hope Seth keeps opening more places.
<review# 2687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/19/2012,141,414,16,12,13>Uneeda Burger? Don't tell me what I need! Okay, so I needed a burger and a friend had mentioned this place so my mom and I went to Fremont to satisfy my intense beef desire.On a Sunday afternoon it was hopping with burger eaters. Despite the crowd the line to order moved quickly and we were able to find a table with no issue. The menu featured burgers obviously, soups, salads, fries, onion rings, and even fried mushrooms. If you need dessert there are shakes and cookies. The hamburger combinations were ambitious. This isn't your typical joint featuring only beef patties with the usual vegetables like pickles, lettuce, and tomatoes. Yes, that option if available but these burgers pack a mighty ingredient punch like charred onions, ham, truffle salt, manchego, and roasted chili relish to name a few. Thanks to a co-worker and her lunch doused in BBQ sauce, I was determined to not only have a burger but have BBQ make an appearance as well so I went with the BBQ Smash that included a 1/3lb beef patty, charred onions, bacon, BBQ sauce, and cheddar. My mom decided to go simple with The Classic, a 1/2lb patty with romaine, tomato, and special sauce and then added a fried egg to it. We ordered some french fries and cookies to round out our meal.The food came faster than I had expected it to and we were ready to dig in. My hamburger was piled high and drowning in BBQ sauce. If you don't like getting messy this burger is not for you. I don't mind getting dirty so I attacked that burger with all my might. The bacon was thick and cooked just like I like it, firm but a little flimsy. The beef patty was seasoned right and the cheddar was the perfect cheese to bring it all together. The fries were good and to my surprise the cookie, which was homemade, was chewy in the middle and crispy on the edges. This place had me moaning in happiness. I was delighted that this burger had me licking my fingers because it was what I needed. I must go back to try The Madame, a burger with ham, Gruyere, dijon-mayo, truffle shoestring onions, and a fried egg. Heart clogging? Yes. Death inducing? Possibly. But at least I'll have a belly full of burger to go with me to the grave.
<review# 2688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2008,5/2/2008,30,3,9,9,10>Now let's get something straight...I have become much more judicious about my 5-stars.  I mean, they've got to be worth something right?  Well, I believe that after the numerous times I've been to Four Swallows that it's been earned.The place is charming and quaint.  It's an old farmhouse for god's sake what's not charming about that? (Rhetorical.)  The smoked paprika mussels will end marriages and create a new social subculture of those who wish the same civil rights with their seafood as heterosexuals have come to expect and enjoy.  The sea scallops with sauteed pea vines (see aforementioned).  The rosemary & garlic focaccia may well be the cause of either world peace or world war something.  The bread pudding with vanilla bean gelato to become top priority for last meal of death row convicts all over (not available yet...sorry guys).  The service?  The type that walks that fine line between what guests expect and enormously appreciate - like a French Grandma...with tips.  Really good tips.
<review# 2689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,5/1/2008,182,677,15,16,15>We came in around 5:15 and HTCAW was already practically full.   Chose two seats at the bar, away from the open door.  Little did I know what I was in for.  While we were reading the menu, the couple next to us was having their own ordering dilemma.  They must have had a hard time compromising because soon the female said to the male "You never take me to hot springs.  I want to go to hot springs!  We never go to Mexico, either!".  Oh dear.  I did not want this negativity.Woman.  Shut. It.  You are at HTCAW.  Don't have a melt-down.So I leaned into my husband and turned my back to them.  Focused on the menu.  Our server asked what we wanted to drink.  I ordered the apple beer (Unibroue Ephemere) and his face lit up like a child.  There and then I knew that all would be right for dinner.First up was the Reggiano Broth with fregola and anchovy oil.  This place really should be named "How Many Times Can Your Eyes Roll to the Back of Your Head".  Cheese lovers should not miss this dish.The Seared Sea Scallops with controne beans, bacon, and shallots were a hit.  The cubes of crispy pork and the chick-pea shaped beans were outrageously good that I almost didn't notice that there were only two scallops. *sob*We had trouble deciding which pasta to share but were steered towards the agnolotti with cauliflower and aged balsamic vinegar (14 years aged).  Common sense prevents me from writing what word popped into my mind eating these pasta pillows.The baked polenta is everything Michelle B says that it is.  Take a spoonful of the fonduta sauce first.  Mother's milk.  I swear.  The polenta was crispy and perfect.  The sauce just pushed it over the top. It turned out that the bar is the better place to sit.  Normally I don't like open kitchens.  Here, it was a pure pleasure to watch the chef.  His Boos cutting board/block was spotless, since he wiped it down between uses.  Another sign that he reigns supreme was that the low refrigerators under the counter were organized with clear plastic containers of ingredients.  He'd reach in for frisee and toss it in a bowl or grab toro or uni.  Everything was in its place.Look for a write-up in the Seattle magazine.  Their photographer was in-house, taking pix and getting "table scraps" from the chef.  At the end of the photo-session, the chef poured them each a shot.  Smiles all around.I almost forgot to mention that this is a great date place.  You will find yourself spontaneously feeding your dining partner.  That is, if you like them that much.
<review# 2690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,4/30/2008,15,44,24,23,21>Why do I give this boring building five stars? Its escalator. Not only is it Seattle's longest, but on it you can bypass the preposterous climb between 1st and 2nd avenues, which at Marion St. may be downtown's steepest. Better, this escalator is just the first of four that will take you effortlessly up the cliff that is 1st-to-5th. Here's that route:-- Escalator 1 - Norton Building:Enter on 1st between Columbia and Marion and step on the escalator. The ride takes you up a steep, ridiculously long stainless-steel chute. You'll feel like you're in a Kubrick movie, I promise. Proceed through the lobby, and beyond Seattle's strangest courtyard you'll find 2nd avenue.Escalator 2 - Wells Fargo Building:Okay, I don't want to sound like I have some weird thing about escalators, but I think this one is cool because it's outdoors. After leaving the Norton Building, cross 2nd and then walk a half block left, crossing Marion. There you'll see this canopied transport ascending into Wells Fargo. (Warning - this escalator is the weak link in the chain, as the Wells Fargo Building maintains only slightly extended bankers hours.)Escalator 3 - 4th and Madison Building:After walking the diagonal route through Wells Fargo, you'll exit onto 3rd avenue. Go directly across it and enter the 4th and Madison Building. (It's called that even on the 3rd avenue side.) Inside you'll find two escalators that will bring you up to 4th. (Note: Between the two you are inexplicably forced to climb five actual stairs. I know - the horror. Clearly here the architect punted.)Escalator 4 - Seattle Public LibraryAfter emerging at 4th avenue, cross it and take a left across Madison. Enter the library and proceed to its trippy, illuminated escalator. Once atop, admire the cool atrium and the cute, somewhat nerdy girls - or nerdy guys if that's your poison. When you walk out, you'll be on 5th--Unfortunately, this is where this slacker odyssey ends. And it's a shame, too, because it's a steep climb to 6th as well.
<review# 2691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,4/29/2008,44,28,10,11,7>This is the one place on Capitol Hill where I don't give two squirts about the "service".  I want my slice!I like this pizza so much, that it doesn't even have to be piping hot for me to eat it.  For this type of establishment with this type of food, I am not looking for any more than this:  Yummy pizza, reasonable price, out the door.
<review# 2692,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2007,4/27/2008,35,53,10,10,9>I come from a long line of white trash that believe Chinese people actually eat this crap every day. And yet, I sorta love it. If the noodles haven't been sitting in a chafing dish for a couple hours, they taste a little too fresh, you know?I'll hit the Dragon a couple of times a year, always on cold days when I'm tired and just want a mess of food, a warm TV, and a fortune to pin my next day's hopes on. It's not fancy, but it's starchy, steamy, cheap and oddly comforting. So when I just can't face another sad, overpriced Seattle pizza, this is a reasonable fallback.
<review# 2693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/24/2008,182,206,21,23,28>I'm wild at heart. A rebel. In high school, spirit day required us to wear red. I wore blue. I never went to homecoming, even though I was voted to be on the homecoming court. I used to skip class to smoke cigarettes in my car. Follow the rules? Forget it. Drive the speed limit? No way. I have a problem listening to others and taking advice. I'm like the bad boy in the boy bands. I have tattoos and I like to swear. I will hang up on you if you piss me off. It's not because I'm mean or want to spite people. I just am who I am and I just like what I like, when I like it. It's my way or the highway (you get the point here, probably could've stopped at "rebel").I used to think this is what made me different, unique and maybe even special. But, as I've learned in my adult years, this is why I'm an idiot. People kept telling me to go to Remedy Teas. But, of course, being the "rebel" I am, I decided not to listen to anyone. I mean, how cool could a TEA place really be?? Well, this is one of those times where you wished you would've listened to advice. Kinda like when your mom told you not to date older men. Or the time your best friend told you not to mix Boones Farm Wine with Tequila. Anyway, so a few days ago, my boss decided to let me leave work a couple hours early for some odd reason. He could probably tell I was going to kill him with stapler if he didn't do something nice. Either way, I got off early and didn't know what to do! Should I get coffee? Go on a walk? Watch a dirty movie at home alone? Get a manicure? What does one do with themselves when they have a couple hours to kill while everyone else is working!? Well, I hopped on my scooter and decided to take a ride. Unfortunately, I failed to dress appropriately and the scooter ride ended up not being very fun (that reminds me, note to self: sunshine does not equal warmth). I got up to 15th and wanted to stop for a warm drink. I just so happened to be craving tea (plus I'm on this whole healthy/trying to lose weight kick and thought it'd be better than coffee). I parked on the street and walked inside this little doorway to the tea shop. To my surprise it was actually busy in there. The decor was very, umm, "urban zen". The tea list was HUGE. They probably had every kind of tea you could ever want. They even have a tea to help with hangovers (yes, you heard me right)!! I browsed the tea list for a good 5 minutes and talked to the barista (are they still called baristas if they just make you tea?). He actually asked me how I was doing. Excuse me? What? You're talking to me and not just staring down at the ground making my drink!? Must not be the same thing as a barista after all. I had heard that Remedy Teas sold Trophy Cupcakes (which is the main reason I came here, the whole healthy thing was a lie, ok?!). I did not see them there, though I did see Theo Chocolate! I ALMOST got some of that, but decided on a vegan chocolate cupcake instead. Don't get me wrong, I love to eat animals, animal products and animal by-products as much Ted Nugent, but sometimes, SOMETIMES, vegan stuff can be good too!I sat down and after taking off my jacket and grabbing a magazine on the nearby table; the friendly tea-maker dude brought me my tea. The tea pot and teacup came in a little tray with a timer (really smart idea because I never know how long to steep my tea for) and was oh-so-cute and mod looking as well. The tea I ordered was delicious! The cupcake was pretty good, too, considering it was vegan and all. I'm sure a little butter cream frosting would've made it better, but I didn't really have the choice! I loved that the place was so bright and friendly. It wasn't dark and loud and anti-social like a coffee shop. I also loved that they had magazines and books on a table for you to read there. I don't know how many times I go to a coffee shop and forget a book and tire of reading The Stranger two times over. I also liked that they had a counter so you didn't need to take up a whole table if you were by yourself (I may be a rebel, but I'm not one of those people who do that, that's just rude)!I'm really glad that I finally decided to check this place out. Now I'm just kicking myself for not going sooner. It's probably my new favorite place for a warm drink and a chocolate-ly treat (next time, I'm so getting Theo)! You know, I learned something about myself while sipping my very delicious "Cherry Amaretto" tea that day. Being rebel doesn't always make you cool. Sometimes it just makes you an idiot and sometimes it's ok to take advice from people. Perhaps I'm finally growing up.....?...nah.
<review# 2694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2007,4/23/2008,219,1274,34,12,9>It is COLD when you are wet and getting out of the pool into the breeze here.  Damn cold getting out of an outdoor pool!Also when I was in the pool here, I couldn't help but think of how many gallons of wizz was in the water with me given the amount of children that had been in it moments ago.  I'm not sure how much chlorine they put in the pool, but seriously.  Let's face it.  Half of the liquid in the place must have started its journey to the pool in a kiddie's juice box.Weakest water aerobics class yet.  I breathed through my nose nearly the whole time.When I was showering and changing, a couple of the dudes were checking me out so hard I expected to be tipped for the show.  Seriously dudes.  They have websites you can check out to get rid of some of those frustrations.  No need to subject the only straight guy at the pool at this time to your ravenous staring, alright?  I'm not even that hot.The pool isn't deep.  The water slide is huge for kids, but super small in my experience (meaning I wasn't tempted to bomb it with the tikes).  Also a lot of people were eyeballing me like there was something wrong with me for not having 50 kids with me.  Gee.  Sorry I haven't carpetbombed a ton of uterus with zygotes yet.  I'll get around to it really soon, superbreeders.  Honest.I don't think I'll be back for a while.  Maybe when it gets a bit warmer.
<review# 2695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,4/22/2008,601,289,11,7,5>If i were to ever go into the profession of thievary, Theo's would be the first and only place i would rob.  Their chocolates are sooo good that I seriously considered hiding behind one of their machines to live in their factory.  I could be like their little umpa lumpa... gawd knows that I have the height for it.  Plus, they could pay me in chocolates!!!  Yay!!! who cares about vegetables and vitamins!!!  When you have Theo's!! (please take a minute to notice all the exclamation points.  This is due to the fact that I had another bar of their chocolate.  I bought 6... I regret not buying 60)On another note, perhaps the proudest moment on the tour was when our tour guide told our group that they are really small and that they are selling only to few select places.  One of those places being in South Korea.  YAY!!! So proud... oh so proud!
<review# 2696,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2008,4/21/2008,52,45,16,11,8>It's about 37 degrees inside of Lunchbox Laboratory, with gale force 9 winds howling from their absurdly oversized ventilation system.  It sucks 10,000,000 cubic yards of air per minute through the grill hood, and replaces all that with outside ambient air cooled further by the venturi effect.  If you manage to find a pocket of relatively still air inside this place in the winter or early spring, you will be able to see your breath become fog.Lunchbox Lab co-owner, whatever her name is, seems cheerful about all of this.  There's nothing to be done; it's a miracle of late 20th century industrial engineering; it'll be so nice in the summer (when it will be hot air instead of cold air; it's going to be almost as nice as being right inside a Bessemer blast furnace -- the flesh seared right off of your bones before you can even say, "tea-smoked salt!")The food, it's pretty good.  You get monstrous helpings for pretty fair prices, and the flavors are mainly closer to delicious than not (except for their vomit chowder special -- don't get that.)  Tater tots are just tater tots, but they are cheap.  The shoestring fries are pretty tasty, but not exactly special.  The burgers are impressive, but when I went to pick mine up, the bottom bun stayed in the basket apart from the pieces of it clamped by my thumbs; within seconds of being served it had been so thoroughly soaked by fat from the burger that it had the consistency and tensile strength of wet toilet paper.The burger did taste good -- fat is tasty -- and the bacon on top was generous and delicious.  They grind their own meat, too, as evidenced by the giant bone chip that jarred my molars half way through my meal.  I feel a little queasy thinking back on my meal, but I'll probably go back sometime, when it's exactly 71 degrees outside and thus temperature-safe inside.
<review# 2697,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2008,4/20/2008,300,256,17,28,18>The Herbfarm is the Magic Mountain of the food world. You go there for a few fun rides but, all in all, the experience is lavishly overpriced and, at best, mediocre. Yet some nostalgic allure pulls you back.  Bryce is right, its just an off-kilter experience compared to the hype. I also agree with Gene, its actually kind of silly. We went for my birthday, expecting a magical evening with nine courses of delicous food. When I spend that much money for food, I want freshly plated entrees. Ok, ok, so with nine courses and a full dining room, you'll pre-plate the salads and cold dishes, right? They pre-plated almost all of our average meal.And while others have raved about the copious amounts of wine, I'm going to be debbie downer and share that the wine just drags the meal down. (Someone asked if they get you drunk so you forget that the food is mediocre.) After six glasses of wine, you might as well be eating Taco Bell nachos.  The pace is frenetic. The food is off. And it feels like you aren't supposed to breathe, lest you upset the spectacle.
<review# 2698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,1/22/2014,458,139,14,24,22>I really stumbled upon this place randomly looking for the entrance to Target. I am so glad I did and I now have a favorite drink!!!Tracy was so helpful and knowledgeable and she took her time explaining the difference between regular coffee and white coffee. White coffee has a more nutty taste and It is generally used for espresso drinks rather than simple brewed coffee however, white coffee is much higher in caffeine than regular roasted coffee because the beans are barely roasted. Higher caffeine = happy me :)I believe she made me a caramel latte with white coffee and it was amazing!!!!I love this place!
<review# 2699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,1/21/2014,200,357,9,11,11>MOHAI was quickly added to my list of things to see in Seattle for out of town guests, and a beautiful waterfront location is a big plus.Very enjoyable and educational experience to be had by children and adults alike. You will learn tons of interesting historical facts about Seattle and WA State. All these names such as Mercer, Denny and McCaw will now make a lot of sense. Factoids for your next trivia game, like the very first graduate of University of WA was a woman. The exhibit will make you fall in love with our progressive city all over again! You can spend all day here, or focus on the second level and spend a few hours. Parking is available on Westlake and near museum. Staff were passionate, fun and friendly. At $14 for adults this is a steal. Even on a Saturday afternoon it did not feel too crowded.An Enjoyable experience I will gladly repeat.
<review# 2700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,1/20/2014,390,547,13,17,15>Delicious, fresh and well-prepared sushi. We ended up here when the also-well-reviewed place across the street had a 30+ minute wait, and we weren't disappointed. We got seated right away at the sushi bar, with the obligatory hot towels to start you off. We ordered some special shrimp steamed dumplings and edamame to start. Otherwise we stuck to the traditional items on the sushi/nigiri menu - maguro, hamachi, saba, sake. (tuna, yellow-tail, mackerel, salmon). All of it was perfectly proportioned, clearly super-fresh and the right size. You can tell the difference when the sushi chef knows what they're doing in terms of how they cut the fish and roll the rice. We also had a special role that had spanish mackeral, sriracha and some other goodies - was delicious and a nice change from the spicy tuna or tempura-style rolls I usually order.They have a "tatami room" with two tables that seats 10 people - you can reserve it at no extra charge if your group is big enough, when you make a reservation.Next time, I'll order the omakase and see what happens :-)
<review# 2701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,1/19/2014,101,183,5,8,7>Biscuit heaven! Slightly crunchy outside and a buttery, flaky inside--these biscuits are damn near perfect. I LOVE the garlic biscuit with gravy (or any of the other savory options) or the buttermilk biscuit with maple or apple butter if I'm in the mood for something sweet. And the Spanish Fly is great if you're looking for biscuits in the form of a sandwich.So they do biscuits well...the coffee must be so-so, right? Wrong! I was pleasantly surprised by how delightful my drink was. They make all their syrups in house, which is not something I've seen in many other places. The orange ginger mocha I had was spectacular!The only negative I can comment on is that seating is sparse, but that wouldn't deter me from coming back again and again--get it to go! It's just as good at home!
<review# 2702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,1/18/2014,202,176,6,10,7>Talk about the middle of nowhere... we were in Enumclaw for a softball tournament and found this place nearby.  They are located in Buckley.Love the homey, humble feel of this place.  They do a drive-in option, but we opted to go inside.  My bf ordered the bacon cheeseburger w/ fries and an Oreo milkshake (they call it something else).  I tried the peanut butter shake.His burger was delicious!  I'd like to say I know a good burger when I taste one... and they definitely set a high standard for theirs.  The meat was succulent and everything blended well - the sesame bun, cheese, etc.  The fries were not good in my opinion.  Way too starchy and thick.  I guess I prefer a thinner cut.  His Oreo milkshake was tasteful... the peanut butter milkshake wasn't to my liking.  A little too artificial tasting.  Overall, great little place to stop by if you're ever in the area.  Friendly staff and one of the best burgers around town!
<review# 2703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,1/17/2014,44,92,16,15,8>I will preface this by saying most of my group had spent the day at Hempfest so we were looking for something to satiate our magnificent appetites. We were ready to spend some dough and so we looked for a nice place to have a glorious dinner of epic proportions. After calling around about available reservations we decided on this place. It was also quick and convenient for the rest of our group to get to. Some of us were familiar with Fogo de Chao and the quality there. I was impressed with what they had put together hidden away behind the Factoria mall. The five of us ate like it was our last meal. The salad bar was wonderfully refreshing after a hot day outside and I especially enjoyed the Parmesan. I would say the only downside was I had a hankering for fried plantains and instead we were served cinnamon fried bananas. Not quite what I wanted but still yummy. I tried not to fill up too much on the cheese bread or potatoes either. There were some other selections on the hot bar but mostly starches. I craved meat and salad. I did get a chunk of salmon from the hot bar which was lovely. The meat was great and I found it hilarious how quickly they would come swarming as soon as I flipped my card to green. There were a lot of choices and even though I was the only non beef eater at the table, there were plenty of other roasted beasts for me to sample. Everyone else enjoyed their cow very much with happy food filled smiles. We each had a cocktail or two and the most wonderful service. I really don't know where in the hell we found room for dessert but since there were five us us, we had to try five desserts. The creme brulee was beautiful. I was dying over the lemon cake. The cheesecake was nice and dense. The flan was eggy and delightful. But oh my... the Brazillian Papaya Creme with Creme de Cassis dribbled on top..... It was the absolute perfect thing to sooth a full to bursting tummy. It was light and airy with just the right amount of sweetness and papaya joy. After our coffee and espresso we waited for the bill. We had been feasting for close to two hours and ready for a shock. The bill arrived and it was $420. Absolutely serendipitous.
<review# 2704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,1/16/2014,131,213,8,14,11>I LOVE good pizza...and the pizza at Proletariat is really good! My bf and I came here on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. The place was pretty empty so we got seats right away. Our server was really friendly and attentive, she brought over water and menus. The menu is very simple. Just pizzas and some salads, you can also make your own pizza with their array of toppings. We decided on a whole pizza, half of it White Center White and the other half The Favorite with Pepperoni. The White Center White consisted of Ricotta, fresh garlic,  herbs, mozzarella with an olive oil base. It was soooo good! The ricotta cheese was nice and creamy and the fresh garlic was very prominent.  A little pancetta and some arugula would've made it perfect. Maybe I'll add that  next time. The Favorite is a red sauce pizza topped with homemade Italian sausage, peppers, and garlic. We added some pepperoni. It was extremely flavorful and had a nice kick. You can tell they use really high quality pepperoni. The crust was perfect, thin but thick enough to hold all the toppings. Not to mention, crispy chewy and flavorful. Service was good, they were very attentive and also made sure we had everything we needed. Definitely one of the top 3 pizzas in Seattle. White Center is lucky to have such a great pizza place! I can't wait to come back to try other pizzas... I've had my eye on the potato one!
<review# 2705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,1/15/2014,220,123,13,17,15>I love this place! The menu has something for everyone. It's only breakfast and lunch, what do you expect for a diner?(On a sunday afternoon) The wait to be seated is long due to very limited seating. You are required to be on a first come first serve waiting list. Coffee is offered free while waiting, awesome perk. (The coffee was fresh, hot and tasteful.) The diner itself is tiny and crowded and the location is a bit unattractive- industrial back alley... Not too bad, though.  The waitstaff are super busy as they Keep up with constant orders. You can tell they are super pressured With the high pace Atmosphere. Even so, They do a good job refilling coffee and checking up on tables.I selected a sandwich From the menu for lunch. This sucker was so good that it required no additional seasoning- Even with a wall full of various *yummy* hot sauces, I was not tempted to taint its Flavor complex. That barely ever happens! Well done, Dish.Another plus was the portion to cost ratio. Very fair. Moderate price. Huge enough portion to fill my 3 stomachs. ;)If you enjoy good food and don't mind a crowded high pace atmosphere and don't need to be babysat by a waitress the entire visit, try this place out. I was glad I did and I will be back.(Thanks Sam for recommending this joint!)*parking is limited* in life we must make sacrifices, right? Walk a little :)
<review# 2706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,1/14/2014,109,235,11,14,12>I love this place! As someone who was raised Catholic, I certainly got a kick out of being able to get sloshed on tasty and potent cocktails while sitting in an old church pew. There are glowing rectangles of light on the wall over each booth mimicking stained-glass windows. The ambiance is calming and the mood is festive here.I enjoyed Heaven is a Place on Earth, a delicate tasting and deceptively strong vodka lemonade and Son of a Preacher Man, a lemony sweet tea bourbon. I've never been to the South but as I was drinking my cocktails, my mind made associations to hot summer nights sitting on the front porch and I wanted to speak with a drawl. My friend decided to get a Divine Intervention, a special surprise drink concocted to your taste preferences and liquor of choice. I almost died when the bill arrived in a collection basket. A bar with a sense of humor!Hallelujah! I now worship at the altar of Witness.
<review# 2707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,1/13/2014,468,742,5,13,11>Thurston's Bistro & Lounge just recently opened in the Greenlake neighborhood. I found out about the place through instagram and decided to do some research on the place. Sadly, their website is under construction but I did find an article via Google saying Thurston's menu was featuring "bistro French meets Southern" fare. So like any other curious Yelper would do, I decided to gather a group of people on a weeknight to grab some drinks and food to taste.Thurston's interior had a swanky lounge feel. The chandelier over the bar was pretty and there's an area for a band to play at the front corner of the restaurant, which featured a jazz pianist later in the evening that was enjoyable. The place wasn't busy but at least my friends and I didn't have to yell a conversation to each other.Luckily, me and two other friends arrived early enough to sample a little of the hh. Appetizers are half off during hh from 4pm-6pm. I had a glass of syrah which was good and ordered the poke appetizer (I know, not french nor southern inspired). When the bartender brought out the poke, I immediately could smell sesame oil, which made me salivate while waiting for everyone to have their appetizers delivered. The poke was really good, which tasted fresh and well seasoned. This was my favorite thing I tasted at Thurston's.Unfortunately, my BF came after hh was over so we looked over the menu to find items to share. The menu seemed to have more of a southern-asian offering as opposed to what I've read online. I wanted to order the chicken and waffles but we settled on sharing the tartare trio and a pork belly dish with mango sauce. The first thing that was brought out to us was a seared ahi tuna appetizer with the server regretfully informing us that they did not have tartare in house but the chef decided to make us a dish that wasn't on the menu yet. My BF was a little weirded out but it was pretty good and had a nice kick to it due to the chili powder dusted on it.The pork belly, on the other hand, was a major disappointment. The mango sauce was cloying sweet, which did not compliment the pork belly at all. The skin was also soggy, which was a waste in my eyes. My BF and I did finish the dish since we both were pretty hungry and the service was on the slow side.I also had the bartender make me a drink of his choice since they do not have an official cocktail menu out yet. He made me a concoction of a gin and tonic with some St. Germaine mixed in (which is my favorite liquor) and I loved it. Thank you Mr. Bartender for introducing me to my new favorite drink!Overall, I think the place is still going through the usual adjustments a new establishment goes through. I'll definitely be back for hh but for now this place is a solid 3.5 stars.
<review# 2708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,12/23/2012,115,109,12,12,13>I can't believe I haven't written a review of this place yet.  This place is my food sanctuary; no matter what kind of day it is I'll always want to go to Dinette and lose myself in their never ending ocean of flavors.  Or sangria, I don't know.  I got kind of drunk.Dinette is without a doubt my favorite place in Seattle.  Their service is top notch.  Their menu is continually being updated with new and interesting items.  Their pricing is unbelievable especially given the quality of the food.  And, check this, they now do their sandwiches for happy hour.  This place might be the one and only reason I'd potentially convert to some religion predicated on a higher power because only a God could create food this good.  Quick suggestions:Chicken liver crostini:  it's like a rustic silky sexplosion and the peppers set it off just right.  I literally get this every time I go.Pate anything: these cats know their pate.  If it's on the menu, get it.Sangria: sweet, boozy, and excellent for a HH beverage.Toasts:  you should order all the toasts.  Every single one.   Usually what I do when I come here is oddly enough shy away from the actual entrees and order a profusion of different smaller plates simply so I can jam as much flavor into my mouth as possible.Ultimately, you can't go wrong.  Now get yo' butt over heah!
<review# 2709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,12/22/2012,263,1104,4,9,7>I love fish cakes so I had to check this spot out.  It was a quiet Monday night in Belltown when I arrived. The inside of this spot is nice but casual. My friend and I ordered the sampler plate with everything. Standouts were:-Catfish cake- unique but very garlicky if that's a problem for you-Trout cake- also unique-Taro cake- surprisingly delicious!-Tom yum- good but nothing originalSize wise, this would make a good appetizer for 3 or 4. We probably should have ordered another entree because half a sampler plate wasn't really enough. The service here was good and overall, I think it's a nice addition to Belltown. It's a little more reasonably-priced than its neighbors which I def. appreciate.
<review# 2710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,12/21/2012,141,414,11,13,6>Sunday meant brunch and I was going to be up north. I did a search for dingy bars that served food. The dingy-er the better as I am on a never ending quest for brunch places that serve pint sized mimosas.Boud's is next to a Thai place in the middle of a neighborhood. There is a patio! Inside is a decent size with plenty of seating and televisions for the sports fans. There is a cigarette machine and Golden Tee. When we walked in the bar seats were full of regulars that were probably no less than 50 and had more than likely been there drinking since it opened. I already knew I would like this place. Since the bar was packed and apparently the place to be, we sat at a table. Once a couple left we moved quickly to snatch those seats up. It took a while to get our orders since there was one bartender but she worked as fast as she could and was nothing but nice. I asked about having a pint sized mimosa and I was told that was the special. Yay! The menu was a bit more varied than I thought and priced reasonably. There is standard greasy bar food for appetizers, a number of hamburgers, and I think there may have been a pot roast or meatloaf dinner. Breakfast is served until the wee hours of the morning and you could pick from omelettes, a breakfast sandwich, kielbasa, a regular two eggs and meat entree, plus more, and there is always a special on the neon blackboard. The two times I've been there I have had a cheese omelette with hashbrowns and toast. I've always been pleased and I must boast about the toast. I don't know what kind of bread they use but its thick and wonderful. Last time I was there I ordered two extra slices because I couldn't get enough. There is also free secure wifi. Bonus points right there. Boud's is one of my go to places for brunch while in the north end. Cheap, greasy, good, pint sized mimosas, die hard regulars. You can't go wrong!
<review# 2711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,12/20/2012,375,637,8,10,7>Oh Salumi, why can't you be open on the weekends?  Or nights? The salami here is to die for.  Seriously.  Every single thing on the menu is absolutely amazing.  I have no idea how they do it, but it is absolutely fantastic.  The mole is my favorite.  I like just eating the salami by itself, without the sandwich, but it's good in the sandwiches too with the mozzarella cheese that they put with it.The problem is, if you have a job, and you can't leave in the middle of the day to stand in line for 30 minutes to wait for salami, then getting here is almost impossible.  PLEASE EXPAND YOUR HOURS I PROMISE I WILL COME EVERY WEEKEND IF YOU DO!!!
<review# 2712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,12/19/2012,131,218,8,8,9>If you're looking for a hip speakeasy where you need a password to get in and all of the bartenders have mustaches and are wearing bow ties, Columbia City Ale House is not your place. BUT, if you want a chill neighborhood bar with great beer and good food, then you might just want to check this place out.  I love Columbia City Ale House exactly because it's so low key. It tends to attract an older crowd--think 30s and up. It's an awesome place to go with friends because you can actually have a conversation. The beer here is excellent. They've got all your favorite British beers as well as some local stuff (like I.P.A.s from Fremont Brewery and Maritime Pacific). They have one rotating tap. For a bar, the food is surprisingly delicious (everything is made in house, no Sysco junk here). The black bean pita burger is my favorite. I also like the blackened salmon sandwich and the tuna melt.  If you want to drink and run, you can even get your food to-go!
<review# 2713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,12/17/2012,240,145,4,8,4>Where are you able to grab a seat right at closing and again ten minutes later??? Tilikum Place Café, that's where! Brunch is served between the hours of 11:00am - 3:00pm and my fiancé and I walked in at exactly 2:30pm.  Having only 30 minutes till closing, we politely asked the hostess if they were still seating and she gladly welcomed us in! At 3:00pm the hostess turned off the "open" sign as a party of three walked right in.  Both the hostess and server informed them that they close at 3:00pm but happily welcomed them to have a seat.  Ten minutes later, another party of three walk in! You'd think they'd turn them away - but nope! They welcomed them to have a seat as well!  Known for their "Dutch Baby Pancakes", we decided on a broccoli, bacon and cheese along with their Benedict of the Day, which was a Mushroom Ragout on Crispy Polenta.  The Dutch Baby was Scrumpdilioucious!!! This was my first "Dutch Baby" and quickly fell in love with the light and fluffy texture! I am not a huge fan of the "pancake" but I am strong ssupporter of the "Dutch Baby"! The Benedict was just as amazing! The crispy polenta paired perfectly with the mushroom and egg ragout! I actually prefer it over the English muffin! Their roasted potatoes were also one of the best I've ever had! Our server, Polly was pleasant and wonderful...even though she had to serve two extra parties who arrived after closing!Restaurant Etiquette: Please respect a restaurants hours of operation and arrive at least 30 minutes before closing!
<review# 2714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,12/16/2012,114,197,4,10,7>Awesome indeed! We found these guys on Yelp and are so grateful we did. We purchased the typical three story Seattle townhome and there was no way in hell we were going to schlep all of our yuppie housewares up the stairs. Not too worry, Awesome Movers will do it for you!They are three guys with one 14' foot truck. (Maybe it's 16'). They work Monday through Friday, move only within the Seattle city limits and do one move a day. Wallingford is their home base where they launch from at 8:30am. Be packed up and ready to go because they not only arrive on time, but are early and get to work immediately. They planned their attack, made two trips from Eastlake over to our new West Seattle home, got everything up the stairs and in place all within 5 hours. In addition to that, they went out of their way to heave our couch up and over our second floor balcony knowing that it wouldn't fit around the corner of the staircase. They don't specialize in this kind of move, so we rewarded them handsomely. Best movers ever. Moving can be stressful and these three guys eased our minds. I've recommended them to everyone and will definitely use them again. Give them a call to make your move an awesome one!
<review# 2715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,12/15/2012,475,222,7,12,8>I have never been to a Gyro joint this consistent. Mediterranean spots are as dime a dozen as Teriyaki joints in this city, so finding a place worth a dollar in a sea of 12 for 10¢ spots is a loose god send!At first glance! The place is tiny, barely holding more than 15, but trust me when I say the wait (though very sporadic) is freakin worth it.I visit clients round the Greenwood area fairly often, I love it that I can go someplace like this and get a delicious and healthy meal for a good price. I usually get the Gyro plate: gyro meat pilled high, a generous portion of hummus and tzatziki sauce, a big salad, and of course the complimentary (when dining in) mint tea. I eat here at least twice a week and have been here many times without ever a complaint!5 sorry-I-kept-ya-waiting-on-my-reviews-but-I'm-back stars out of 5
<review# 2716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,12/14/2012,232,382,10,11,10>I walked past the storefront of Black Coffee the other day and it sounded like a party going on inside, which is a perfect reason to sneak into (or get forcibly removed from) a new place. ;-)  Thankfully these were welcoming folks and a sort of work-party was being thrown: a few owners busy working on the build-out of the space, and a group of musicians and listeners were playing songs with intensity.  The owner I spoke with was very excited about getting set up on Capitol Hill and after chatting with him and seeing the space, I'm excited too.The cafe is going to be a fantastic space to spend time: huge, tall windows wrap around the western and northern sides of the cafe, a stairway climbs to a small loft, and best of all....the coffee is excellent.  They were selling drip coffee and espresso from a temporary bar set up inside the front door and it was a perfect americano...I will be back for more coffee and relaxation under those huge windows.
<review# 2717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,12/13/2012,300,256,9,11,9>The phrase "buttery decadence" applies to every single food option at Belle Epicurean. Most everything is made with a brioche base which means higher egg and butter content than traditional pastry. Though they carry breakfast and lunch items, dessert is the main affair. Freshly baked desserts as well as prepared tarts, cakes, macarons, and brioche buns. Brioche buns are what put them on the map when they opened a flagship in Pike Place Market (now closed) and they've always got a seasonal, such as blackberry cream or sweet potato. If you've got some time, you can grab a chair in the bistro inspired space to savor a sweet or a savory option. For breakfast, I'd go with a brioche bun or a quiche offering. Lunchtime has a bevy of french influenced delights, like the delightful mortadella and cherry compote panini. (Bonus: Madison Park location has wine and free parking in back of the store.)Carolyn Bianchi Ferguson and her husband are a success story for the Pacific NW, combining a top-knotch patisserie training with a love of our region.
<review# 2718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2006,1/13/2007,204,297,1,8,6>The people at Seattle Animal Shelter are really doing fabulous work!  When we were looking for a dog, we came through frequently.  Now that we've adopted one (not from SAS, though), I like to donate as much as I can to the shelter since they are doing for other dogs what a shelter across the country did for my little pup.  There are bins outside (one for dogs, one for cats) where you can drop off old, clean towels or blankets, treats, toys, or food.  Help them help the animals!
<review# 2719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2007,1/12/2007,286,242,8,2,12>I'm a lush for LushSex Bomb fizzles in my tubCertified hottieButtery soft skinLoves Skins Shangrila la la Pores sing songs of joyItems for men tooCosmetic Lad supple-izePreserves his sexyFresh yummy productsNot tested on animalsWorth your dime at Lush
<review# 2720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2007,1/11/2007,22,9,10,6,3>I think they're the cat's meow :)They are always friendly and helpful, and are able to deal with my animals' eccentric personalities... from one cat who would like to claw everyone's eyes out during vet visits, to the other who actually keeps purring with a thermometer up his butt!
<review# 2721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2006,1/10/2007,43,100,11,10,6>"Whitesnake!"You heard me. Eighties hair band. Here I go again on my own. The first time I ever went in the O Lounge, we were sitting outside Caffe Ladro, and across the street on the reader board it said "O Lounge 10th anniversary. Tonight only: Whitesnake!" My first impulse was to call everybody I had ever met and get them to the Whitesnake reunion tour, starting with my formerly mullet clad brother in law who can sing every line to every metal song ever written. This was followed by a badly mutilated and unnecessarily loud duet of 'Here we go again' by my wife and I as we headbanged down memory lane. Needless to say, 30 seconds later I was in the starkly beautiful O Lounge confronting the starkly beautiful bartender and trying to spit out sentence fragments through my excitement: "THE Whitesnake...hair band....power ballads?" Clearly not the first to inquire, she just laughed, pointed to the end of the bar and said "No, sorry, it's just that guy." To my utter disappointment, some Emo kid who had missed the metal revolution and clearly didn't understand the implications of his band's name sat drinking a fruity concoction. Thus the fifth star will forever be unachievable for my little O Lounge, those dirty liars. But to their credit, they do often have some really great music acts including some local well known names. They're trying to become the underground stop for major national acts to try out new material and acoustics in a relaxed setting. How much success they'll have with that strategy is yet to be determined, but as I understand, any given night you may see a headliner totally unannounced. Even on a night with total unknowns, O Lounge can be a great place.  Due to their connection with Orapin Thai next door, they have very tasty Thai-influenced takes on old standard drinks, like the gingertini made with real fresh ginger, and the lemongrass mojito. With space for just over 40 people (including outdoor patio seating), O Lounge maintains an intimate take on Seattle's music scene.
<review# 2722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2006,1/9/2007,40,156,4,2,3>Freedom is just another word for Beaujolais Nouveau!We went to Le Pichet last night and now you can count me a francophile. "The New Beaujolais has arrived" is a fun annual event. The bar was packed and everyone had a decidedly euro cast to them.All the charm, without the complicated social issues facing Muslim youths in the real France.Learn more about Beaujolais_Nouveau at en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Be…
<review# 2723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2006,1/7/2007,222,363,4,6,5>Yay for crispy and tasty crust! Yay for 1/2 cheese and 1/2 Dino's (pepperoni, sausage, shrooms, black olives, and artichoke hearts)!Yay for it being dead at 2:30pm on a Saturday!Yay for Kokanee on tap!Yay for being close to home!And yay for delivery (which I'll try next time)!The pizza was fantastic! The crust was crisp but not dense or massive. It wasn't flimsy or smooshy. It did not overpower the tasty bits. And speaking of the tasty bits - YUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMY! Good portions of Italian sausage, artichoke hearts, and black olives. Plentiful layer of tasty pepperoni under the cheese and lots of shrooms (which might put others off - so you've been warned).Their menu is substantial with calzones, pastas, and salads. Some lady had a ginormous salad in a wooden bowl. I heart wooden salad bowls!
<review# 2724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2006,1/6/2007,28,41,6,4,5>HAIL SATAN!El Diablo - it's the best damn dessert ever. The mojitos are good too, and the kindly bartender will not only offer advice on drinks & menu items, but "meaning of life issues" as well.
<review# 2725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2006,1/3/2007,634,500,6,9,5>Hmmm... The more I move north the better the stores seem to get. This has to mean something, but I'm not sure what. This store has a great deal of parking as it is located in a strip mall on Aurora. The staff was helpful and friendly and there where more then one of them working when I came here. It seemed rather busy and most of the costumers appeared to have all their teeth and didn't smell bad. The store still has that awful state liquor store decor, but I guess I need to lower my expectations. The bad things about this store: 1. Its way to far away. No way am I driving to Shoreline to go to a Liquor Store.2. Getting back on Aurora is a bitch, and its basically impossible if you try and head South. Other then that, this store gave me a small amount of hope in my quest...
<review# 2726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2006,1/2/2007,207,1481,2,6,3>Working in this area of Kirkland one is faced with dismal choices for a decent lunch.  Always in search of the next better meal I took a chance on lunch at Cafe Veloce.  The menu is primarily pasta and pizza driven, with many varieties of each.  I had a pesto pizza that was quite good.  My wife had an alfredo shrimp fettucine that was pretty good as well.  The service wasn't bad either.  We'll likely go back.
<review# 2727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2006,1/1/2007,35,38,2,4,1>It's inevitable that Serafina will walk away with numerous star donations from us Yelpers...but I have to agree with some of the Yelpees on this site that Serafina is definitely in better form when the darkness comes. Hey, we live in Seattle so Serafina should be one big party with the amount of darkness I have been seeing of late - but it's not. Now, I have done the romantic dinner thing with my man and been totally blown away by the ambience, attentive wait staff and the quality of the food. But I cannot say the same during the daylight hours; namely lunch. The last time I dined here for lunch I was just a little disappointed. The pasta dish, which should have been awesome with all those italians roaming the floor was a little oily. The first wait person was polite but not what I would call overly personable. The other was obviously having a bad day, so bad that I felt like yelling at her to stop drenching my food with her anger. Geesh. So I highly recommend Serafina's but do dine there for dinner and give the lunch a miss.
<review# 2728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/12/2014,76,55,9,10,8>Here's the thing about Tiko Riko: It freakin rules.  I can't speak to everything on the menu, but I had dined here pretty aggressively, and am intimately familiar with the pupusas, tacos, burritos, and horchata. For the newcomer, pupusas and tacos are the way to go for sure.  They do awesome priced combos of 3, 4, or 5 of either one, you can't go wrong.  My favorite pupusa is the zucchini and cheese. No! The spinach and cheese. Actually I don't want to choose.  They are all ridonk.  I usually go for the carnitas tacos, but the carne asada is also good.  The sauces everything comes with are killer as well.Oh and the horchata is fantastic, and the staff are the best!  Super friendly, and they'll chit chat some spanish with you if you want! Do yourself a gosh darn favor and have lunch or dinner here some time soon.
<review# 2729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,5/11/2014,172,264,7,9,9>I love Samurai noodle. I've mentioned my affection for soup before, but ramen in particular has a special place in my heart. Their online ordering is super easy but delivery can take a long time, even at atypical dining hours (7:30 order took 45 minutes), similar experiences on weekdays, too. That being said, as long as you aren't starving the food is worth the wait. I've tried many, many delicious things here. The octopus dumplings are great sized-- maybe a two bite morsel with just enough octopus inside to balance the mushy texture of the dumpling (which is crisp on the outside). The gyoza was a little too browned and congealed on my most recent order, but the flavor and sauce are both good. We also tried the steamed dumplings, which were teeny, plentiful, and delicious.I've gotten a few different ramen varieties here. Friends have tried various things, too, and every option is good. You can't really make a mistake. If you're still questioning it-- go garlic ramen. Bamboo shoots, green onion, chicken, thin wheat noodles, fried AND fresh garlic. Yeah, it's the pre-minced kind, but somehow that doesn't even affect the overall deliciousness of this dish. It's very greasy, but it was dark enough and I was hungry enough I didn't care. Makes for great leftovers, too.
<review# 2730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,5/10/2014,595,1498,5,18,10>The original Hing Loon was an International District favorite for over 20 years since it opened in the early '90s. In September, the owners sold the business. The new owners decided to keep the Hing Loon name, but add a "New" in the title to distinguish itself from the previous regime.New Hing Loon reopened after doing some renovation to the space last month. The restaurant is brighter with new windows and a new cashier counter in the front. There is a TV in the dining room and the restroom sinks have been replaced with newer fixtures.Though there was one big change in that the handwritten specials on the wall which added character to the place have been taken down. There is a small section above the seafood tanks displaying the specials though..The menu itself is almost the same. It is still a Cantonese seafood restaurant with the same staff as the original (minus the owners), though there were a few additions and subtractions. The favorites remain, but some of the more exotic selections (ex. frog legs congee) have been removed. I did notice some price changes as well. Some things seemed cheaper than before on the plus side.For my first visit, I stopped in for some cod congee ($5.25) and Chinese doughnut ($1.50). The congee is as good as before. The seasoning of the congee is what makes this dish work. The Chinese doughnuts are no longer displayed in front, but they still have them. The texture of the doughnut is a little different from before, but still tasty as a topping over the congee.I enjoyed my meal at New Hing Loon. It is just as good as the original. Looking forward to trying out more of the menu to see if any of the favorites have changed taste wise as well as try out some of the new menu additions.
<review# 2731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/9/2014,200,531,10,13,14>The boyfriend did good with this one.  We'd eaten at Anchovies and Olives and at Tavolata so How to Cook a Wolf was next on our list (not that we had decided on a particular order).    The space is quite small, so thank goodness he made reservations.  Otherwise, I'd imagine we'd have to wait outside until a table was available (hardly any room inside to stand and wait).  Restaurants like this remind you that simplicity can go a long way.  And with Ethan Stowell & company's attention to detail, it's difficult to find anything to complain about.  Since the dishes are served family style, my boyfriend and I chose three to share -- the roasted beets, the bass, and the gnudi.  Though nothing was mind-blowing, each dish was executed perfectly and left me more than satisfied.  I love beets; paired together nicely with citrus segments, it was refreshing and interesting.  The bass was cooked beautifully -- completely tender and flaky.  The gnudi was also great -- pillow-y and comforting.  We ended with their panna cotta -- creamy and just slightly sweet -- which was the perfect finish to our dinner.       And with that, 3 Ethan Stowell restaurants down, 4 to go.  (6, if you're counting the ones that are about to open).
<review# 2732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,5/8/2014,166,217,14,15,14>Yup, came here to see Bruce Lee's grave for the 1st time. And guess what happened?! Watched a man propose to his girlfriend on the grave. Like, literally watched him get down on 1 knee. And she said yes!! We were the first to congratulate them and it was a cool moment!After that excitement, we walked around and I got a brief history lesson on Seattle and got to check out lot's of the founders of Seattle's tombstones. The history might only date back a 100 years, but still awesome. Since I'm still pretty new to Seattle, seeing a name on a tombstone and matching it was a park or street is pretty cool!This is a really peaceful cemetery, extremely well maintained and an interesting place to spend some time. This place is worth bringing an out of towner too, especially with Volunteer Park so close too.
<review# 2733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,5/7/2014,129,85,9,13,11>I came back here a couple more times and still feel that Ramen Man deserves much more stars than it has.  I'm going to sound just like the elitist ramen eaters, though in the other direction, but so be it.  I just feel that a restaurant with food this yummy deserves to have a voice no matter how little it is.1) I've seen people complain about how the spicy miso ramen is too spicy.  I order that every single time and find it to be the perfect amount of spice if not a little less than what it could be, though still maintaining its flavor.  If something has the word "spicy" in it and you can't handle it, why order it? lol.  You're just asking for trouble!  2) I've seen people complain about the broth being bland.  I've only sampled the other ramens (garlic and shio), and they're nothing but full of flavor.  If anything the shio should have less flavor because it's creamier than usual.Now, I'm no ramen expert, not even close, but I do know a couple things just from reading food magazines/blogs, and friends.  I know that the noodles are supposed to be, what Asians call "Q" which means it's a little chewy.  It should also absorb the flavor of the broth.  I also know that the broth, at least for the Miso, should be creamy, rich, and hearty.  Ramen Man encompasses these qualities.Rant, over :)
<review# 2734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,5/6/2014,70,71,6,12,6>I love kimchi. And anything kimchi related. I'm pretty sure it's healthy for me... And if not I don't really care because it's tasty as heck!They're running a great establishment here and the friendly service makes it even more worthwhile! I love that food isn't weighed but price is determined by the size of the box you're choosing. Plus you get the option of reusing containers so ten points for going green!Their dishes change often so you always get to try something new in your combo. When in doubt, the owner is happy to walk you through the station.
<review# 2735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/5/2014,61,56,7,10,7>I went here for happy hour with a friend and was impressed by both the level of service and the food. Our server was kind enough to ask us before happy hour last call if we wanted another drink at happy hour prices, which we did, and she brought them out when we were closer to being done with our first drinks. I ordered the potato skins with caramelized onion creme fraiche and fish tacos, both of which were absolutely delicious with loads of flavor but not too spicy. My companion had the lamb medallions with hummus and yogurt sauce (which I also tried and were delicious), and the jalapeno poppers, which I didn't try but apparently were "mushy" according to my companion, and which the server promptly removed from the bill. Great experience, both food and service were excellent. I'll definitely keep this place in mind for future happy hours or even dinner in the future.
<review# 2736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/4/2014,83,103,9,13,9>2 and a half stars my arse! This newest Oaxaca is a total 5!!!  By far their prettiest, definitely the largest, of their trifecta of uh-mazing and uh-ddictive Oaxaca food restaurants.  Gorgeous dining area with comfy seats at both the bar that surrounds the open kitchen and the swankier, more intimate cocktail bar. I love seeing the same familiar friendly faces of the employees that I  have befriended with my easily FIVE plus visits a month to one of the Oaxaca's in town. If you have never been to any of these divine Oaxaca's, here are some musts:1) the chips and guac and a visit or two to their fresh salsa bar2) a cadillac marguerita...these are pa-pa- powerful so I would go with one per 100lbs of body weight.3) the mole!, the carne asada plata!, the chicken soup I would say for a lighter meal, pretty much ANYTHING on the menu!I mentioned to an equally enamored with them friend the other day that wouldn't it be awesome if Oaxaca's restaurants were the next Starbucks? one on every block!! Heck yes we said!Welcome to Mezcalaria Oaxaca/Capitol Hill! :-)
<review# 2737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,5/3/2014,130,349,17,21,17>Woof woof woof woof (Translation: This place was so much fun!)K9 Fun Zone was a venue recommended to me for a place to host a Pomeranian Halloween  Party for my meetup group.  The owner, Lindy, emailed me back right away and made reserving the venue super easy.   For events it's $10/dog at the door or if you have fewer than 7 dogs it's $70 for two hours. She hangs around for accident cleanup and whatever other help you may need. She recommended no more than 15 small dogs as it gets pretty crowded around 15 dogs plus owners.  With 10 dogs and their owners (some dogs had two owners!) it was perfect!  Lindy also put  out some of the basic fun-gility equipment.  All the dogs and the owners had a blast getting their dogs to play on the equipment and trying to get them to do tricks.  Lindy is also a dog trainer so she helped everyone teach their dogs how to use the equipment.There are about 20 padded folding chairs and a 4' folding table you can use. You and your guests can bring any food or non-alcoholic beverages that you'd like.   The venue really proved to be a perfect place for a dog party.  Everyone in my meetup group felt the $10 they paid was well worth it and can't wait to have another party there.  I highly recommend checking out this place for your next doggy playgroup!
<review# 2738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/29/2012,174,215,7,10,7>Knowledge is power and with the convenient location of the Fusion On the Run (FOtR) truck right next to the library you don't need to starve your body while feeding your mind. Unfortunately, according to the sign on the truck, you can't eat in the library, so you'd better take your tacos/sandwich/slaw on your own run back to your office or home.FOtR served me three tacos--veggie, chicken, and beef for around $7. All were tasty, in particular the veggie one. I hear that the pork is the best, but I'm not much of a hog eater. My boyfriend ordered a sandwich with a side of slaw and instead of the slaw, he discovered at home that they had served him two beef tacos instead of slaw. Cabbage and tacos are not exactly a substitute for each other, but if they keep that up, I'll keep going back.
<review# 2739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,7/28/2012,149,196,6,12,6>I'm a shoe girl. Boots, pumps, wedges, heels, leather, suede, from $20 shoes to $600 shoes, I love them all!I'm so glad I found Totem Lake Shoe Repair because they've extended the life of my entire shoe wardrobe for atleast another few years. My Frye boots get buffed like new and Ugg boots get the weather proofing VIP treatment. My favorite service is adding soles to work pumps so they're grippier on our consistently wet Seattle sidewalks. So in essence, Totem Lake saves my life. Side Note: They offer red soles for Louboutins. Hooray!
<review# 2740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,7/27/2012,290,437,8,17,11>It's easy to see why it'd be tough to find a seat in this cute little cafeteria style set up, this place is SUPER busy, but the food is quick and if I were still at UW I have no doubt I could get in and out of here with a deliciously fresh lunch in an hour gap between classes.I had the kitsune udon, it was magnificent. It was the right flavor of sweet, flavorful and clean -- yeah, it TASTED clean, believe it. The sweetness was well offset by the ginger and green onions in the dish. Me, longing for the tempura I had in when I was in Japan, over-estimated the size of my stomach and ended up with korokke [potato croquette], takoyaki [my friend had never had it, so I bought it so she'd be willing to give it a try], AND a small selection of their tempura veggies. Everything was fresh and not soggy, even though it was not hot out of the fryer, an impressive feat. The only thing that picked up a little too much oil was the eggplant, but I think that my tolerance to oil has decreased greatly recently so that might just be my palate.My friend adored her niku udon -- it was her first time ever having udon, but she was really pleased with it, as well as the spicy salmon onigiri she bought. I love that the onigiri are sold the way they are in Japan -- with the nori separate so it doesn't get soggy and gross. I had a bite of the onigiri and it was flavorful even though it wasn't spicy by my standards.The staff were friendly, the restaurant was clean, the prices would have been reasonable if I hadn't felt the need to buy one of everything on the line -- there's no doubt I'll be back for another delicious bowl, I'm already wishing I could be there now eating a bowl of curry udon... sigh!.
<review# 2741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,7/26/2012,468,742,7,12,12>All I have to say is this: Order their Salmon Sinigang!Thanks to a fellow Yelp buddy, I had to try that dish.  I actually like this version a lot better than sinigang with tilapia.  Plus, the broth was on maasim (sour) side which was delicious.  The salmon sinigang also comes with a side of pancit and white rice but I personally would skip out on the pancit next time.  I thought the pancit was on the bland side and there was already a lot of food to grub on anyways.As I have mentioned in my previous review, they do have a variety of Asian goods to purchase such as boy bawang corn nuts, dried mango and "lechon" sauce.  Although it's nice to dine with friends, this is a great place to grab a solo meal. The people that work or dine there are easy to chat with.
<review# 2742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,7/24/2012,221,439,4,13,5>Whenever we're in Tacoma for a concert at the Tacoma Dome or a play in the theatre district, I always lobby for dinner at Southern Kitchen.  Even if it means if I have to sit at the bar and stare at that giant picture of Guy Fieri after his DDD visit (that man's blond hair is quite blinding).   Here is a rundown of somethings worth trying at Southern Kitchen: Drinks --  - Lemonade ($4) -- There is no other place where you can order a giant mason jar of mango or strawberry lemonade with whipped cream toppled two inches tall.   - Sweet Tea ($3) -- it's extremely sweet.  Be prepared. Appetizers --  - Fried Green Tomatoes ($8) -- these are hit or miss.  Sometimes they're great, sometimes they're bland, and sometimes they're burnt.  We've experiences each of these situations.   - Fried Okra ($7) -- only get this if you are coming with more than 2 people and if you get this for an appetizer, don't get it as your side dish because you'd be okra'ed out by the end of it.  - Jalapeno Hush Puppies ($7) -- GET THESE.  These have never failed me.  Entrees I've tried:  - Southern Fried Half Chicken ($15), yes, half a chicken!  Four giant pieces of chicken, deep fried!  - Chicken Fried Steak ($15), always delightful and who doesn't like breakfast for dinner?    - BBQ Beef Brisket ($15), it's a bit dry, there's a lot of oil that eventually will puddle on top of the BBQ sauce.  Get the Fried Chicken or Chicken Fried Steak instead. Each entree comes with 2 side dishes (used to be three... 2-3 years ago) and a plate sized corn cake!  For a side dish, the candied yams, collard greens, buttered corn, and cornbread dressing are definite highlights.    When coming here, be sure to grab a restaurant.com gift certificate.  Expect a wait as the restaurant is small and its better to find street parking than trying to wait for one in their lot.
<review# 2743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,7/23/2012,374,341,6,8,7>Having worked in retail for decades, one thing that will make or break my opinion of a store is customer service.They can have an expansive selection of well-priced garments but if service sucks, I'm outta there. I have in four visits, never experienced anything but polite, helpful, and friendly service.Even when the selection is low or there is nothing in my size I always leave feeling pleased I stopped by, if only to search for that elusive, awesome bargain.Prices on consignment can be hit or miss, but it actually comes down to the individual garment. I've seen rock-bottom prices and over-the-top-were you stoned when you priced this-prices, all on the same rack.Like any self-respecting bargain hunter I go through everything, sometimes I score, sometimes I leave frown-face style.I've only consigned once, and they took most of my items, some designer, some bargain retailer, so as far as that goes it's anybody's game.The shoe selection (except for my NBA-sized 10's it seems) is admirable, and they have some cute bags too.The front part of the store sells loads of trendy, juniors stuff that isn't my cup of tea, but I still find my share in the back, where the consignment lives. The jewelry overall is meh but they have a small case of jewels by a local artist Grim for Giggles, who makes cute, cheap, fun earrings. I bought a pair, and I will probably return for more.
<review# 2744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,7/22/2012,273,665,14,14,10>I'm sorry. I really, truly am. I know people in Seattle are obsessed with $15 burgers with lots of fancy toppings, and supposedly organic, grass-fed, kobe beef that is blessed by some sort of shaman, but I just don't get it. I've tried so many fancy burger places and I am routinely disappointed. Yes,  I know I am complaining about being disappointed by an over-priced fancy burger yet still giving this place 4 stars. I guess like Mexican food in the PNW, I have decided I need to adjust my expectations when it comes to fancy burgers. Maybe it's me, not them? Don't get me wrong, this burger was fine, but it wasn't mind-blowing. There was no post-burger orgasm. But it was tasty. Just expensive as hell. I went with a build your own burger and added gruyere cheese(if I see it on a menu, I have to order it, that's the rules) and added some garlic aoili. The burger was thick, and juicy(that's what she said), and compared to a lot of other places, very, very good. It was good enough that I would go again, but not so good that I would go to Capitol Hill just for the burger(although, there is free parking in the QFC parking lot, which I appreciate). The real winner though? The Fries! I love all fried potatoes, it's true, but these were so addicting, I ended up eating them all, even though I totally didn't need to. They were so good. Perfectly cooked, and the perfect amount of salt. So many places mess up something like fries. I find I end up preferring the mass-produced frozen variety, but these were seriously delicious. I would go back just for the fries. Apparently, the burgers used to be sold for your first born on their own, but they now include fries, which makes it much more reasonable, for sure. I didn't try any beverages, but they have a good beer selection, and what looks like some tasty cocktails. I was overall fairly impressed with the limited menu. I loved the atmosphere. My friend was a bit bothered by the pictures of the cows on the wall though, she didn't really want to look at where her meat came from. I don't care, as long as my meat is delicious.
<review# 2745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,7/21/2012,543,163,13,17,16>The Crumpet Shop is a quaint spot that's a delight to pop into on those mornings when I have arrived downtown with time to spare, or on those days when I decide that having a decent breakfast and cuppa something is more important than being early to work.The shop is staffed by a gregarious young man who seems to have a good memory of his customers (or me, at least) and three or four bright-eyed, more-attractive-than-they-strictly-need-to-be-for-­a-tea-and-crumpet-shop girls. (I don't really mind.) They'll take your order, prompting you for options if what you've selected can be prepared in various manners, and get it going. Service is generally quite welcoming.I have had various crumpets as well as the groats ($4.50). "Groats? What are groats?" I hear you ask. Tempted as I am just to say, "Look it up, dummy!" let's just say that it's a warm cereal that's sort of like oatmeal, but with a more distinct, chewier texture. Groats are actually the hulled grains of any of various cereal grains, and I'm not sure what type of groats the Crumpet Shop serves, but they are satisfyingly plump and chewy. I get mine prepared with the works: soy milk, brown sugar and honey, and currants. You can alternatively get nonfat milk or whole milk. The portion is relatively substantial; you won't be hungry afterward.The savory crumpets make for a tasty lunch. I've had the salmon and cucumber crumpet as well as a pesto, cheese, and-tomato crumpet. There are lots of combinations, and something is sure to appeal to you. Unless you have a tiny appetite, you'll need more than one if it's to serve as a meal for you. I've either never had or it's been a long time since I have had a real crumpet (and Tastykake "Butterscotch Krimpets" do not count--even though it's been a long time since I've had one of them, too), so I can't even tell you how authentic these crumpets are. But if I'm to take a cue from the effort that is visible in the glass-windowed kitchen area behind the service area, they seem to take their care making them with love, and the result is appropriately light-ish and spongy.There are all sorts of teas available that you can order by the mug. Amongst the teas, there are two types: those that they keep brewed at all times in airpots for you to serve yourself unlimited refills (true for brewed coffee, too), and single-mug brews of less mainstream teas. If you order an unlimited-refill tea, they will happily give you a to-go cup if you have finished your meal and wish to take some more tea with you. I have been drinking the yerba maté when I visit, and it's a refreshing, uplifting alternative to coffee that I quit drinking some years back because I was too lazy to continue making it--so it's nice to find it brewed and ready without any effort required on my part. Another bonus of maté is that it doesn't give you nasty-ass coffee breath. No one likes your nasty-ass coffee breath. In a further testament to the quality of service, the maté ran out as I was filling my to-go cup, and when I alerted one of the staff, she stopped what she was doing to immediately brew some more, and even filled my cup for me before it was finished brewing so that I could get on my way. Thanks, Crumpet Shop!Speaking of to-go, though, I recommend eating in-house if you can swing it, and if there is seating available. (Seating for groups is limited, but there are a number of seats along the edges, facing out from the shop, that are suitable for solo diners or duos.) I say this because I don't think the food travels exceptionally well, in part because of the nature of the food, and in part because they are not really prepared to package their items to-go. The first time I ordered groats, I was short on time and ordered it to go. They gave it to me in a tall to-go coffee cup with a spoon taped to the side. On that occasion, I'd ordered the groats-and-crumpet combo (more food than I needed), and in addition to the odd packaging of the to-go groats, I was served a crumpet with jelly on a ~6" paper plate. When I asked if they had appropriate to-go packaging, I was proffered another ~6" paper plate to invert on top of the crumpet. Not exactly secure or mess-free. So, do yourself a favor, find a spot, and order your food to be eaten in-house. You'll end up taking a moment for yourself out of an otherwise too-busy world and be glad you did.
<review# 2746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,7/20/2012,240,145,12,9,7>I love my Shellfish! Especially when it is fresh and simple...as they do here, at "Taylor Shellfish Farms"!!! This was my FIRST experience here, so I understand the cruel and unusual punishment! lol - I may just have "Anti-Asian" pheromones! LOL This being said, It is a comfortably small establishment with a loud ambiance.  I informed the woman that it was my first time here and she was great! She seated us right away and walked us through the ordering process...My issue was with the "grumpy bus boy / cashier".  I slurped down their Kumamoto and Samish Bay Oysters and would have also tried thier "Geoduck Ceviche" but they were all out.  I will emphasize the fact that I was more than pleased with both my service and meal while walking up to the register to pay...when "dun dun dun" mr. grumpy asked for our money.  First off, he was the one that sucked our oysters and got mad at me for repeating our order to him (very nicely, I may add) and then got even more irritated when I said "I'm sorry, what was that?" when he asked if I wanted to start their "punch card"? Sorry, I'm not even sure that is what he said because he didn't want to repeat himself.  Did I do something wrong!?! :((( I am not going to let one experience, especially a first - make or break my judgment...I will be back "Mr. Grumpy", oh yes, I will be back!!! SHUCK it up and SMILE!!! ...I may not smother you for free food - but ugly girls need love too! :P LOL"Taylor Shellfish Farms" your love and attention do to fresh and good quality is very much appreciated!!! ...my tummy thanks you!!! :)))
<review# 2747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/19/2012,10,291,14,16,16>I tell you what....Ezell can make some mean fried chicken.I don't know the back story about why Ezell no longer sells his chicken from "Ezell's" chicken but this is the same amazing chicken that you've come to expect from Ezell himself.There are a few things to know about Heaven Sent Fried Chicken:  The chicken is crispy and delicious.  The spicy chicken adds both heat and flavor and is the way to go if you can tolerate spicy food.  It's not overly spicy but it has a little bite to it.  The rolls are soft and a little sweet.  You need to try the rolls  The potato salad should be illegal in 49 states.  If I was the Mayor McCheese of Idaho, I would make it illegal to eat Ezell's potato salad outside the potato state.  It just doesn't seem right for the best potato salad in the world to be made just north of Seattle.There are othere side dishes but I don't know what they are because you'd have to be totally crazy not to eat the potato salad with the best fried chicken in the region.
<review# 2748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,8/11/2014,139,121,9,16,11>HECK YEAH!!! This place is as good as it gets!Although this place is just a small cylindrical shop,  you can easily spend more than 30 minutes in there becoming a child once more.  They have samples of all their products even if you don't see it out,  just ask them. Their deals are steals as well. You can get a whole tray of rejects for as low a $0.50. There was also like a 2 pound case of non-rejects for $10.Some of the flavors they have include mocha, cashew, macadamia, dark chocolate, and dark chocolate with peppermint.I walked into the store looking for chocolate but found my inner child instead. You should go.
<review# 2749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,8/10/2014,177,166,7,7,7>I have a confession to make; I am a lover of delectable food, and I have a frivolous and mightily fickle heart. On this day, I have fallen for the Garlic Naan, made by hand daily, at Naan-N-Curry. India meets Pakistan in the most beautiful way and shares that magic with your taste buds. Mr. Janjua makes no apologies that his food may not please every palate, an unapologetic stance that this girl can appreciate. On this visit we enjoyed the Mughlai Chicken, Chicken Biryani, and the Plain as well as Garlic Naan. The Maghlai Chicken stands out, it is delicate, tender, and spicy. The Garlic Naan certainly was the star of my meal, not just a mere tool of transportation for my Maghlai from plate to mouth. The Naan stood on its own, earning a proper place in the name of this restaurant. I look forward to another gastronomic adventure at Naan-N-Curry. Bring me your Tikka Masala, sway me with your Samosa, tempt me with your Curry, but under no circumstances try to win me over with your Naan, unless you happen to be Naan-N-Curry.
<review# 2750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,8/9/2014,111,23,15,16,11>Chan, you sure know how to treat a woman. I came here for my birthday dinner and now I wish I could eat dinner here every day. The restaurant is small and unassuming with sleek decor and an open kitchen.  The tables are so close together that awkwardness ensues if two people are walking in opposite directions. Normally I am uncomfortable with the fact that strangers can eavesdrop on me with minimal effort but I was so preoccupied with stuffing my face that if they chanced to tune in all they would have heard were my little coos of happiness. We started with the ahi tartare and the escolar. The ahi was good but the escolar was so delicious that even though I originally intended upon sharing, I inhaled the plate like an air-deprived asthmatic. My friends stared at me with a mixture of what can only be described as fear and disgust, but I just shrugged and gave them the "it's my birthday, I do what I want" face. Sorry, not sorry. Escolar is aptly nicknamed "butterfish" and it was topped with a crunchy sea salt seaweed and slivers of jalapeño. The melody of flavors and textures was otherworldly.We then ordered the bulgogi beef sliders, deep fried rice cakes, and braised short ribs.  The sliders are definitely worth ordering. The flavor punches you in the tongue so hard your heart might skip a beat. (Uh, it's a good thing.)  The cucumber kimchi is a small detail that makes it acceptable for me to speak so reverently about a slider of all things. The rice cakes were not my favorite; they look reminiscent of those little styrofoam peanuts that I am convinced are a carcinogen of some kind. BUT the braised short ribs were so melt-in-your-mouth tender that we ordered a second bowl. I faintly remember remarking that the meat was so soft I wish I could sleep on a bed of it... err jaykay that would be really weird. The restaurant is tucked away in an alley and I had trouble finding it, but then again I have lost my car keys in my hand once or twice. Probably not the best space for large groups, I'd say eight max.
<review# 2751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,8/8/2014,669,404,5,10,6>Dixie's is the epitome of small town home cooking. This small space works nicely near Sumner's downtown. Keep in mind that it can get busy due to the small space but the food is well worth it. Breakfast as well as Lunch offerings are included on the adult and children's menus. Huge mickey mouse pancakes for the kids and as large an omelet or egg scrambled as you can handle given the huge portions they serve up here.Overall this is a much try spot if you are in the area--and get a biscuit with butter or gravy, they are delicious!
<review# 2752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/7/2014,195,476,9,11,10>I've come here 4 times over the past month. Why? The hiyashi chyashu , bukkake style. This is hands down the best dish I've tried here. It's a cold soba dish served in a chilled broth w slices of pork on top. There's something so simple yet complex about this dish. The soba noodles are a perfect texture and the flavors are just right. They put a little mustard on the side that you can mix in to give it a little spice. I crave this dish. A lot. I've also tried much of their other dishes, including the foie gras tofu, the uni shot, uni beef tartare, duck soba, oxtail soba, hot soba, cauliflower, and a couple of desserts. The ginger creme brulee and the cauliflower are quite tasty and the uni shot is always a good bet. The other dishes I've tried were good, but I'm not sure I'd order them again.  Soba is always a good bet here, but especially the hiyashi chyashu, bukkake style.
<review# 2753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/6/2014,48,167,9,11,9>Oh Lordy this is the best Indian food in Renton by far!! I came here on a Monday afternoon and the place was not busy. The lady at the counter was so nice and very friendly. She told me to wait about 15 minutes so they can prepare the best food for me. Ok sure I can do that. After 15 minutes I got my food and can't wait to drive home and share with my family.Butter Chicken - 5/5 the aroma and spice are so fricking GOOD.Tandoori Chicken - 5/5 The best tandoori chicken ever.Garlic Naan - So fresh and fluffy can't stop eating. Super good!  Please go here and support this place the service is great and they are so friendly. We will definitely coming back again for more of your awesome food.Spice King - You truly are the King of Spice.
<review# 2754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/5/2014,152,126,9,9,9>Their milkshakes bring this boy to the yard! What a fantastic little ice cream spot! I'm definitely coming back here, even in spite of the long-ish drive from Seattle.First thing you notice when you pull up is that the red barn -themed exterior fits perfectly with the quasi-rural surroundings of Maltby. Cute is an understatement.The interior was recently re-done and it looks fantastic. Very homey. You feel welcomed and comfortable, like you were in your own kitchen.It's important to note that this place doesn't just do ice cream. Ice cream/shakes/sundaes are definitely the focal points of the menu, but they have several options that would enable you to have a satisfying lunch as well such as flatbreads or quinoa bowls.  The fact that they incorporate alcohol into so many of their shakes is fantastic. It's unfortunate that I was driving, because otherwise I would have sampled several of them. That sweet whiskey cinnamon shake had my name written all over it. Or the confetti cake boozy shake. They all looked good. We kept it simple and ordered a scoop of the almond poppy seed ice cream in a waffle cone and a mint chocolate chip shake. I loved the scoop. It was like an almond poppy-seed muffin, but with creamy vanilla ice cream instead of bread. It was generously heaped into a cinnamon-flavored waffle cone. I'm going to check the ice cream aisle at the grocery store for a pint of that flavor next time I go.The mint chocolate shake was a little syrupy for my taste, but then again I'm not the biggest mint chocolate chip fan. They do give it to you in a mason jar with a cup on the side for all the extra. There was a bit of a line when we arrived and it took them some time to get through the 3 parties in front of us, but I think that will get better with time (hopefully by summer, 'cause I'mma be here everyday when it gets hot out!). The menu is so diverse and it's relatively new, so it makes sense that there's a bit of a learning curve. They do have a drive thru to save you some time. I would definitely recommend going into the store if it's your first visit, though!I can't wait to come back. Too bad I don't work on the Eastside, or else I could get out here for happy hour. Yeah. An ice cream place with a happy hour. That's the level of coolness we're talking about here.
<review# 2755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,8/4/2014,145,356,16,11,9>I do like how chocolatiers try to set an ambiance in their stores.  With See's, you go in, the store's brightly lit, and these women dressed like Mama Celeste in white starched uniforms and aprons greet you warmly by practically stuffing a candy in you mouth, when you open your mouth to ask a question.With Fran's, you've got the employees dressed in black, walking quietly and talking in subdued voices, acting like valets of an exclusive hotel, or caretakers of an expensive rehab center for chocoholics.  Instead of chocolates CHOCOLATES ***CHOCOLATES*** displayed everywhere in shiny bright boxes wrapped with foil and sparkly things, or chocolates in the shapes of rodents and runny eggs, Fran's has only a few boxes strategically displayed and a small glass with individual chocolates.  Nothing gimmicky here - just straight chocolate that's 200 times more expensive than it (or you) weighs...even if you weigh yourself after eating a box of Fran's chocolates. I've been here on several occasions buying boxes of chocolates as gifts, and while I wasn't overwhelmed with the samples they gave me - a piece of chocolate so small it got lost in the gap between my teeth (I believe they give you half of the actual candy, which is the size of your thumb) - friends rave about the chocolates, so I keep coming back to buy more.  This location also has a little cafe filled with similar subdued patrons.  For all the chocolate and caffeine ingested here, I'm amazed how Fran's can maintain its sober facade.  Personally, I like my chocolate vendors to be much more effusive and open - someone who greets me with a sexy lambada, while rubbing melted "chocolate of the day" all over my body, then charging me as much as a high-class escort does for the experience.
<review# 2756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,8/3/2014,179,284,7,9,6>I met up with my cutie in Edmonds, he was working in Lynnwood, and I had visited with some friends in Woodenville, and we had to catch a ferry home.  So, we opted for the Edmonds Ferry to Kingston.  So, what to do, what to do?  Hey, lets eat in Edmonds because there are a bunch o'choices.  We looped up at Epulo Bistro.  I had made a reservation from my car... as I was parked (because I would never play with my phone while driving) and when I arrived the place was humming.  They sat us pretty quickly, and before our reservation.  We were served a little something before we ordered and  we were able to order wine and take our time.   We weren't super hungry so we opted for a dinner of appetizers and wine.The service was great, our waitress/server, was very friendly and made all sorts of suggestions when we asked.  We tried the Hood Canal Manila Clams, the Calamari, and the House Made Burrata Cheese.  All the dishes had a beautiful presentation, and all had nice flavors.Ok, let me start with the cheese plate.  I don't think either my cutie and I spoke for a few minutes after we tasted the cheese, it was like we were having a moment of silence to reflect on the idea that the world can create such amazing things... I would literally smear that cheese on everything in the world and eat it, because I can't even put into words how much I enjoyed it.  But, let me try.  It was so smooth and soft and yummy, mild but flavorful, it was like a spiritual cheese experience.  I am a cheese person, and this cheese plate was amazing.  Next time I am in Edmonds, I will order this cheese plate all by myself, maybe with a salad, but I will stab with my fork anyone who tries to share it with me, because it will be mine, mine, mine, period.The clams were good also, but I am finding that Chorizo doesn't mean the same thing in WA and is does in New Mexico, where Chorizo can literally light your head on fire.  It had a nice flavor, but I wasn't lit up by it.  I did like that the dish had Fregola (little pasta balls) and that added a nice texture to the clams and the sauce.  So, while I am now steering away from WA Chorizo dishes, if I pretend that this isn't really Chorizo, and it's instead mild sausage, I would totally do the Clams again. The Calamari and Rock Shrimp dish was good.  I like Lemon Aioli, and that made the dish.  But, really if I were to come back, I could easily pass on the Calamari.  And, I will be back, at some point, and when I do, I think we can all guess what I will be ordering.  And, if I am hungry, I will maybe order two!
<review# 2757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,8/2/2014,220,123,8,9,8>Appropriate little park, playground and field themed in a nautical sea adventure. I anticipate walking the alki beach stretch with my little one(s?) in the future and inspiring their wonder for the majestic ocean and what the waves hold... Immediately leading them to this "surprise" park that will provoke imaginary seaside quests and hopefully plenty of exercise ;)The Alki neiborhood is very trendy and central to just about every necessity you need for a fun day out pick nicking, cycling or relaxing. Plenty of restaurants, hang-outs, public bathrooms, ect.
<review# 2758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,3/20/2011,221,439,18,14,10>BAM! BAM! BAM!  That's me trying to pull the door as I was coming in.  It took three loud noises until I realized, if pulling doesn't work, then perhaps a gentle push might actually open the door.  And a gentle push did the trick. As I approached the counter, the lady says to me, "I loved your entrance by the way."  Thanks!   I came by for some cupcakes and great cupcakes I received.  I got the Red Velvet Truffle Cupcake and the Cookies and Cream Cupcake.  When we took the Red Velvet out of the Chinese takeout box, I complained, where's the truffle?  Well, the truffle is secretly fused within!  The cake itself was a bit dry, but the surprise of the truffle filling made up for it.   The Cookies and Cream Cupcake was absolutely decadent due to the chocolatey goodness  -- it has a cookie crumble topping, with a cream frosting, chocolate filling, on top of an ultra moist chocolate cake.  These were recommended to me as the lady's favorite and I can see why! When I return next time --- expect me to break your door as I rush to get more cupcakes!
<review# 2759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,3/19/2011,316,105,13,15,13>Want a firm butt, a great view and a fitting final stop for a hot Capitol Hill date?  Head over here after stopping at Vivace or Dilletante on a balmy spring evening and make the climb.  You'll be hot, sweaty and panting by the time you get to the top, and after you take in the panoramic view of the city and mountain ranges, you'll be ready to head to your/his/her place, hit the shower and hit the sheets (because you'll be tired of course). ;)
<review# 2760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,3/18/2011,528,376,14,17,16>My mouth salivates anytime someone mentions "lumpia" and I finally had the chance to visit Leilani's Lumpia Land after a drunken girl's night.  Chee hoo!I was extremely excited when we drove up to the lit-up trailer and I literally ran out of the car and up to the window.  12 mix-and-match for $10!!!  Score!!Unfortunately, they ONLY had vegetable kind, which did make me a bit disappointed, but I got the 12 anyway (no I didn't eat them all myself.  Close, though, I hate 7  haha).  The Vegetable ones were super delicious: crunchy, and flavorful inside.  My girlfriends loved them too...after I finally say yes to sharing. ;)After I ordered a white guy went up and ordered "12 Filipino Eggrolls".  I couldn't help but laugh and I wanted to teach him how to say "lumpia".  Next time, please have chicken and pork!!!
<review# 2761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2010,3/17/2011,331,569,18,14,11>Lady bits!  Barbie orgy!  Lady bits!There's a whole lot of nekked going on at Copper Gate.  Forget stars, you'll be seeing X's.  If you can pull your eyes away from the racy pics adorning every inch of the space, you'll also be seeing a big ol' viking ship smack dab in the middle of the joint.Your cheeks are flushed, your collar is feeling a bit tight and you look around for someone to crank up the A/C.  Let one of the knowledgable bartenders mix  up a cocktail to cool you down.  It may be a bit spendy, but it'll be worth it.It's an inconvenicent space if you come with a larger group, since there are a handful of tables and the stools at the bar are squashed together.  So, leave your friends at home and come leer by yourself or something.
<review# 2762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,3/16/2011,290,437,10,16,13>My friend and I were discussing what we should get for food today, and I offhandedly mentioned I had heard Wing Central had opened on the Ave and that I was cravin' some wings. Friend, a former Central student, was like 'ZOMG WING CENTRAL?!?! LEAD THE WAY!' and off we went to cross 520 so I could see why she was freakin' out.We get there and I was sad to discover Don Eduardo's was gone [I haven't been to the Ave in ages, now that I've graduated, le sigh] but was pleasantly surprised with what I found had replaced it. We walk in and are blinded by walls of TVs and a TV in every booth, which was cool but not necessarily the biggest draw for us as we were just there for delicious food.Obligatory comment: yes the waitresses are cute. And they're super friendly! We had lots of chitchat because there were only a few tables in the store, and the servers teamed up to both take care of all the tables [similar set up to Hooters]. I really liked them and I think this would be a fun place to hang out because the girls are ~real~ not super catty bitches the way that I know girls in restaurants where looking hot is part of the job can be [working in restaurants a long time == I know a girl who will go talk shit about a table back of house from a mile away, and these girls were absolutely sweethearts]. Friend wanted to show off the food so we had garlic fries, which were waffle fries with garlic-y Caesar and parmesan and were quite heavenly. I had an order of the Aloha wings and a hell wing, friend had the Kahuna burger.Hell wing. Oh, the hell wing. Any time there is photographic documentation of one's eating you know it is going to be RIDICULOUS. Of course, me being me, I had to have it [and as soon as it's posted on their FB page I'll be sure to upload it here!] -- yes, it was hot. The eating it part was NOT a problem... but as with so many spicy foods, it's the post-eating part that was tough. Normal people would probably have a beer with them for enjoying this, but I just had water. Water isn't the best counter to spicy food, as anyone who has seen Man vs Food can tell you, but it was all I had. And I drank a lot of it. But I kept it down, which is more than a lot of people are able to do. And I'd do it again, if only because it was a $2 comedy show for all involved. If you have any tolerance for spice I recommend it heartily.Only two things really struck my friend as off on our visit:- The frysauce was more of a standard mayo+ketchup concoction rather than being mayo mixed with the 2nd degree sauce as she remembers it in Ellensburg- Her Kahuna burger in Ellensburg always had bacon and no pickles, the one on the Ave had pickles but no bacon -- not a fair substitute! Bacon is bacon! Prices are obviously higher than the E-burg location but it's to be expected with the fact Seattle is a better place to live [*smirk*]. I'll definitely be back for Tuesdays to get my individual wing on -- hopefully I can try a wider variety of flavors -- each wing is only $.59! Not bad, not bad.
<review# 2763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,3/14/2011,718,1048,11,27,22>Poke. cringe. poke. cringe. poke. Ahhhh. That feels WEIRD. okay, better now. poke. poke. whhhoa. Wow, I'm awake. How long has it been? I'm ready to go, go, go!I've gotten a couple of acupuncture treatments at Grassroots (with/from Marit), and... well, I've definitely been enjoying the unique experience.Grassroots has a sliding scale ($15-35) fee and they want you to come in as much as you need to and feel better. There is not as much one-on-one interaction as I'd imagine you'd get on a more expensive appointment at a clinic that doesn't offer "community acupuncture," but you can always schedule a time to talk and you do get a chance to check in before the needles go in.So the "big thing" that has kept me from trying it for many years is: Fear of pain and needles. Was it a worthwhile worry? Not really. I think it feels like a pinch when they're inserted, but that doesn't last longer than a couple seconds. Some areas are more sensitive than others. I did have a weird experience the first time where the needle in my left hand (near thumb) felt like a shot of pain went through my palm and then a hot marble rolled around in the skin of my palm for a little while... but that went away within about a minute. And it was kind of cool in a weird kind of way.Wondering what all happens when it comes to an appointment?1. Go to their website and set up a first appointment with their handy online scheduling system. (Please note that there's a $10 processing fee for the first appt, so the scale for that day is $25-45.)2. Come in with paperwork filled out or fill it out there. Chat with the practitioner for a little while and then head into the treatment room. For return visits you can either hand money to the practitioner at the desk or (if they're not there) make/grab a small orange envelope with your name on it (sitting on desk) and deposit the payment (cash or check, let them know if you need change) in the black comments box near the restroom before heading into the treatment room. (I do believe they also accept insurance.)3. Choose one of the 8 cozy recliners in a big room separated into two sections (by a curtain). Put your shoes, coat, purse, etc in the basket next to your recliner. Roll up your pants so the leg up to the knee is exposed. Recline. Relax. Wait a moment for the practitioner to arrive and/or finish helping another patient.4. Talk to the practitioner (quietly) about what aches you, your current stress level, bowel movements, etc. This information helps them learn how you're doing and where to put the needles.5. Relax and... experience. They ask you if you need to be "woken" at a particular time and, if you don't, you can be there as long as you need to (as long as they're open, of course). Apparently some people feel "done" pretty quickly. My experience so far is that I start feeling either drunk/dizzy or like waves of heat/energy are washing through me, and... pass out. About 1-1.5 hours later I wake up and am ready to go, go, go!6. Catch the practitioners eyes and attempt an "I'm cooked, please take them out now" look. They briefly check in with you as they remove the needles.7. Go eat some dinner or space out for several hours or whatever! I believe Marit said it's normal for blood sugar to drop during/after the session, so make sure you have some food or a good beverage or something after your treatment. So far I find myself to be in something of a daze for a few hours after.I'm not sure what kind of lasting benefits I have received from acupuncture, but my shoulders do feel a lot more loose today than they did yesterday. It feels good. I also like the experience and like the place I'm in after, so I definitely plan to go back for more.Cool bonus: They are located across the street from Theo Chocolate Factory, so the street usually smells like delicious chocolate./end of Inna B's wordy review #700
<review# 2764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,3/13/2011,124,582,15,22,19>Holy god baconmoussefriedchickenIswoon....Yeah, you heard what I said. Bacon. Mousse. Fried. Chicken.And I swoon not only for that...For beef tongue hash, deeply savory, touch of sweetness, ever-so-sticky dark caramelized meaty sauce and carrot and potato cubes and just-charred light fluffy bread and an orange egg yolk listing atop. For folded simmered collards studded with tiny cubes of bacon. For apple fritters, crisply, moistly rich, cupped around a dollop of whipped cream and bathed in bacon caramel sauce. For a sundae piled high with fleur de sel caramel ice cream and tiny squares of decadently rich dark chocolate brownie and mountains of whipped cream and marshmallow fluff hiding caches of fried peanuts amidst the peaks....For the only whiskey I've ever tasted and wanted more of. For rough panels of reddish blonde planks, for high ceilings and garage doors that lift and dried flowers and dishes stacked perfectly haphazardly in open shelves like the decorator studio kitchen I'll never have. For the names of all the local producers I know and love and can recite like a sustainable catechism, a meal blessing and a bedtime prayer for bounty, over and over.A whirling dervish of a meal toward bliss and utter delight....
<review# 2765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,3/12/2011,140,456,13,15,15>Welcome to my new favorite Ballard hangout!  I came here Friday night to relax with a friend, some drinks and tasty bites.The PB&J jalapeno poppers were filled with peanutty goodness and the dab of sweet jelly on top complimented them perfectly!  Plus, you get a whole pepper, unlike the run-of-the-mill store-bought poppers and their stingy half-pepper chicanery.  My friend and I split Shelter's "signature" sandwich, which was a spicy and savory mix of pork, carmelized onions and provolone on a baguette.  I scarfed my half down in a flash.  The fries it came with were fine--but they're the really slender variety that don't stay warm for long.To drink I had a delicious old fashioned and something called "the Saint," which was vodka, St. Germain, muddled lime and cucumber served up.  Somehow the combination of flavors ended up tasting like a mojito.  It was a little on the sweet side for my taste, but I'd definitely recommend giving it a try.I love the wood decor at Shelter, the excellent music on their sound system and the huge outdoor patio.  I can't wait to lounge around on it in the summer (although apparently it's heated, so lounging in the winter is possible too).
<review# 2766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,3/11/2011,153,353,19,21,16>You may have heard that Tango, a mood-lit First Hill staple, is a fine choice for tapas and wine. I've both heard that too and know it to be true as I've been coming here since before I even moved to the area, when an old friend recommended it in better economic times as one place we had to go while powered by an expense account.That said, I don't particularly care and, when the local fauna get real, neither does anyone else. It's kind of a shame because those aspects of Tango are quite good (and pescatarian-friendly) with a wide selection of Spanish-influenced small plates, especially the molten Queso Fundido ($10.50) served with apples, sausage and crostini which combine to a flavor explosion. Beyond that, I've been pleased but not wowed by everything I've ordered for dinner or happy hour here on my various visits.Enough about trivia though. Unless you stumble in there by accident (which is unlikely since it's on the edge of neighborhoods) you come to Tango for one reason and one reason only. The reason whispered with envy by rival chocolatiers and chefs and guiltily by high-class women with a secret all-consuming addiction:"El Diablo."El Diablo. An almost impossibly decadent dessert ($10) sized for two consisting of a rich cube of dark chocolate, spices, burnt meringue, candied almonds, tequila caramel, and sin. Bittersweet sin. (Either that or, considering the available selection of top-notch locally sourced ingredients, the tears of thirty seven vegan virgins.)You pretty much can't lose on a date here even if it's just to share dessert and wine. If dessert works its magic, the sin of the evening will just be beginning, and even if it doesn't, you're still way ahead having danced with El Diablo in the pale moonlight.
<review# 2767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,3/10/2011,215,299,11,20,12>Holy Mary Mother of God! The bff and I struggle with living 50 miles from our favorite Mexican restaurant. Finding an adequate substitute has been difficult. No one elses' salsa seems to do the trick, or offers what we really consider a staple in the world of Mexican restaurants the "Fajita Burrito," while having good nachos and a nicer atmosphere.Ding, ding, ding! We have a winner! Located really conveniently on Hwy 99 this place is awesome! Tons of parking. The salsa is fantastic (not like our favorite, but we'll suffer,) great flavor and good texture, they offer a fajita burrito, and their nachos were just what we like. The staff was friendly, and very present, but it didn't feel smothering or overwhelming. It feels a little more 'upscale' than most of your average, family-owned Mexican restaurants too.To top it off we were bid farewell by not one, not two, but three different employees on our way out the door. And we witnessed a Birthday party celebration where one of the employees dressed up in a dress with a wig and sang to the patron. It was pretty funny.
<review# 2768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,2/1/2014,153,269,7,10,7>I've gone here several times and my experience here has definitely been one of the more pleasant ones compared to other Korean restaurants.  This place can accommodate large groups since I usually go with friends for the all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ, but you just have to be willing to wait because this place does not take reservations.  When we are seated, we are given a menu with a list of possible meats to choose from and we usually choose two or three different kinds of meat at a time.  Then they would bring us a giant plate filled with our choices.  We can always ask for more, but I have a feeling they get a little irked if you ask them to go back and get you meat more than three times.  One time, I went with my family and before we can ask for a fourth plate of meat, they were handing us the bill.  I wasn't sure if it was their way of telling us to get a clue, but that's how I felt.  Still, three giant plates of meat is A LOT.  I have always left disgustingly full.Last thing to note is that they have a sister location in Bellevue.  Bellevue?  A nicer spot, right?  WRONG!  If someone were to ask me which I'd prefer, it's definitely a 100 times better in Federal Way...mainly because the customer service here is so much better!
<review# 2769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,1/31/2014,242,83,6,15,8>Simply gorgeous arrangements. I've called upon Fiori on several occasions, one of them being my wedding reception. The centerpieces were beautiful and exactly what I had in mind and discussed with them. I just love their signature style. This week I called them for a small sympathy arrangement for a friend who recently lost his father. My friend sent me a photo of the flowers he received and I am so pleased with what was delivered. The $60 arrangement was beautiful, tasteful, and appropriate. I'm very picky when it comes to flowers. Yes, I know it's the thought that counts, but taking the time to choose a wonderful florist who does beautiful work is more thoughtful than calling 1-800-Flowers and getting a generic florist with a generic product. 5 stars all the way for Fiori.
<review# 2770,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2013,1/30/2014,50,149,14,14,12>I've been visiting Khan's (KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!) for several years and I have to say that it's one of my favorite Mongolian eateries in the area. The restaurant is clean, well-laid out, the staff is friendly and efficient, and the ingredients are always fresh and plentiful. Khan's has a matrix of prices for by-the-pound or all-you-can-eat and lunch/dinner. The prices are a little on the high side for dinner, but just right for lunch. They offer the standard selection of veggies, meats, and sauces, and there is a sauce bar for you to add more heated sauces after your selection has been cooked. They don't have a liquor license so no beer/wine unfortunately, but, not a big deal really. All in all, an unexpectedly good restaurant for being in a little strip mall across from the giant shopping mall.
<review# 2771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,1/29/2014,184,229,9,11,10>This location has had a string of unsuccessful restaurants, but I think Bai Tong is here to stay in Redmond.  We came in on a Friday night hoping to grab a "quick" bite to eat.  However, this place was PACKED!  There was a wait for about 30 minutes for a table, but we were able to snag the last 2 seats at the bar.  So first impressions, you enter in to an entry way before the actual restaurant and are greeted by gold, ornate dragon.  In the restaurant, the bar is situated behind the host area (not obvious).  There are booths and tables throughout the restaurant.  Along the way to the bathrooms, there were other tables, it looked like a loungy kind of area to me, with throw pillows along the extended bench.As we sat at the bar, we noticed a bunch of regulars, who were kind enough to suggest items on the menu.  And, unfortunately we were accosted by a boozy lady who was pretty well lit up, thankfully, her table became available soon after...  So we ordered the the appetizer portion of the spare ribs and chicken wings, seafood pad sei iew, and fresh rolls.  All were delicious!!!  We noted a pretty decent selection of liquor, about 3-4 beers/cider on tap.  I had the awesome Basil Whiskey, and the Friday Italian Margarita!  By far, I really enjoyed the Basil Whiskey.  I'm looking forward to trying their other daily cocktail specials.  And Michael, the bartender, rocks!  He's really generous, if you know what I mean! ;) I forgot to use it, but if you check in on Yelp, you'll get 10% off your bill!
<review# 2772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,1/28/2014,290,437,11,17,11>I'm fairly certain that Ellenos makes the most delicious yogurt on the face of the earth.Like, to the point where me, someone who loves ice cream so much that I've worked at four different ice cream shops, would rather spend my sugar day eating this yogurt than eating ice cream. My favorite sweetened flavors are the mixed berry and the lemon curd, but the plain is also amazing.As I'm not really supposed to be eating sugar, it's important for me to get this stated: I'm in love with their unsweetened -- at only 4g carb per 100g, it's an awesome post-workout snack (I add pumpkin pie spice and some extra cinnamon)  it's decadently creamy and makes me feel like I'm being hugged from inside. None of the options you may find on the dairy aisle of the grocery store can even begin to compare. Forget Dannon, Fage and even Greek Gods (the former holder of the "best Greek yogurt" title, in my book) -- get to Ellenos, either the Uwajimaya location or Pike Place, and try this -- odds are, you'll never go back.
<review# 2773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,1/27/2014,132,129,9,11,10>Went here on a Monday and boy was it busy! You would order and then grab a seat (if you can find one) and then they'll call your name and bring you your food. They generally have 3 pastas and some antipastas. Neat thing is that they change their menu everyday and you can check out what they're making on their blog. I had bucatini with pancetta in tomato sauce. The serving portion is just right and their noodles are hand made. I loved it! Not super heavy feeling, which is nice since pastas usually make you full and sleepy. I would definitely come back again. I heard they're known for their pesto and squid ink sauces. The unfortunate thing is their hours. I wish they were open on weekends or dinner!
<review# 2774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,1/26/2014,113,175,4,16,8>This place is one of those places that you should take people who are visiting the Seattle region and want something different. Whenever I mention katsu burger, my friends visiting are always curious about what this katsu burger is. Probably one of the fattiest places to eat but it is well worth the splurge and drive down south of Seattle every once in a while.I usually get the curry burger. One time, my cousin and I decided to get the Mt Fuji. It was certainly mt Fuji alright. We had to split the burger in half otherwise we would never be able to finish this burger. The nori flavor fries complements the burger itself and the large selection of aioli sauces to choose from are beyond amazing. Will need to take my brother here next. He was really disappointed that the last time he came up they were closed. Will need to satisfy his craving next time he visits!
<review# 2775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,1/25/2014,90,183,7,7,7>I am seriously in love with Billy Beach's all day Sunday happy hour. The sushi is cheap and sooo delicious and the happy hour menu is pretty varied. Even the husband and his BFF who are UMI sake house fanatics admit that this place is great which I can't even believe. We've come here a couple of times now and each time the sushi has been fresh and the service wonderful. I want to come back here for their bar. They always seem to have unique specialty cocktails & I've yet to order a drink other than the house sake.
<review# 2776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,1/24/2014,144,499,8,9,11>Wait? There's a legit blue club in Seattle? Surely you jest... and you're not even that funny. What? You're not joking? Holy crap on a cracker, you aren't joking! Yeah, that's kinda what it's like discovering Highway 99 Blues Club.We happened in one night after seeing a movie and were glad we did. It's tucked away under 99 (duh) and you're either going to fight for parking or take a cab 'cause public transpo ain't nowhere to be found. Walking down the steps and into the club, you kinda feel like you've found a locals-only, well kept secret.We ordered our first round at the bar and sat down at a long table while the band got going. When ordering our second round at the bar, the bartender told us he'd transfer our tab to the waiter so we wouldn't have to keep getting up. After that happened, our amazingly attentive server showed up like clockwork to offer us a polite step further into a guaranteed hangover.Most importantly, there was actual blues being played a blues club. Who knew the folk of the PacNW even know what the stuff was, let alone play it? I certainly didn't.I dinged them a star for two reasons. One, the food options were pretty disappointing. I see what they're doing, but everything was full on creole entrees and not something I want to nibble on in a music club. Two, I just feel dirty giving them five stars after only one visit. We'll definitely be back for another visit though... and we're bring company.
<review# 2777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,1/23/2014,204,230,9,13,10>This is as good as it gets with respect to fansheee chocolates!! I've had Fran's as a gift and as samples here and there. If I find myself thinking about it throughout the day and look forward to coming home to it to have another piece, well, then, you know it's gotta be good stuff. The sizes are perfect. Two small bites or one giant bite per piece, unlike the monstrosity of a Godiva truffle that feels like a meal. It's just enough to really leave you with that perfectly satisfied feeling but without the guilt of feeling like you've imbibed 500 calories a piece. All the flavors are delicious. If you walk into their store, you'll find that they'll offer you a sample: the flavor of the day (which is usually part of their regular offerings but it just so happens they are featuring it that day). These make the perfect gift and aren't actually bad in price - $2/piece but depending on the quantity and size box can be more or less. If you're searching for a good gift, these are FAILSAFE if your recipient likes chocolate, ya know, such as myself :)
<review# 2778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,5/2/2014,226,322,8,11,10>Son of a gun, we are dirty and nerdy, and the game is coming up, just leaving the Fremont Abbey after doing some excellent volunteer work...  so down the street, I'm looking for food and a TV. HA! is the answer, a local bar, restaurant, with simple goods to order, and really looking into this place, you don't expect much.  Okay, instead of thinking this is a downward spiral, this place actually is pretty good. With any good place that is local, there are foods that you just expect, a burger, a melt.. but because we are in Seattle, the melt is Dungeness Crab, and the Burger is really a great tasting pulled pork delight.The décor is pretty awesome, as you might notice after a minute, the walls are painted in gradient shades of color, the washrooms also!  Oh, speaking of that, the men's washroom light switch is on the outside of the room, so you might be looking for a moment if you can't find it. The food is delicious, and the server is pretty kick ass. I appreciated the awesomeness of the local feel, and if I'm back here near the Abbey, then I'm all for it. Recommendation.. it's pretty darn good.
<review# 2779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/1/2014,141,414,8,16,13>Recently I have had massive cravings for big, thick, German pretzels. I usually go once a year eating one if I happen to be somewhere that serves them but for the last month I've wanted one everyday. Thankfully for my waistline I was able to avoid going to a restaurant every night to eat one and trying to find a bakery that does them well was downright impossible. A Yelp search helped me find the right place.Kaffeeklatch is on the Lake City Way main drag close to Elliot Bay Brewery and the T-Mobile. If you don't know it is there the German flag flying above the door will tip you off. I didn't spend much time in Kaffeeklatch but the space was open with lots of tables and chairs to lounge for hours sipping your coffee or any other drink. I don't drink coffee so I can't give any insight on whether it is worth a try. Their bakery offerings included bread, strudel, cakes, and even cookies. I ordered a pretzel and since I couldn't deny my sweet tooth I ordered a strudel. The service was great and I was out of there in a jiffy.The next day I heated up my pretzel and with a side of honey mustard I went to town. Yum! The pretzel was the perfect proportion of bread and salt. My craving had been satisfied to the max. As for the strudel, I was not entirely impressed. It wasn't bad necessarily. I didn't think it was sweet enough but that is a totally biased opinion because I like my stuff extra sugary. I can'l tell you how happy I am I came across Kaffeeklatsch. Now I know where to go to get my pretzel fix!
<review# 2780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/30/2014,451,337,14,22,21>Best in Seattle!! I've been frequenting this heavenly place for about a year now. I was sad when they closed the U district location but was instantly happy when I first walked into this location. It is big, bright and somewhat hidden with a parking lot!  That's a plus. One could say it might even be somewhat fancy! My first lunch here was when they first opened last year. I was happy to find their lunch menu. Almost every kabob is on there with a side of rice, hummus and salad for $9.99. Talk about a steal! I left very happy.Since then, I've been back here for countless of lunches and few dinners. I've also noticed that the business have picked up a lot. Let's talk food! Lunch speicials- $9.99!!! Best deal ever. It's a good way to sample if you've never tried persian food or want to test them out. Dolma & Mirza Ghasemi (smoked eggplant)- just try them both. Entrees1 - Ground chicken kabob ~ First and foremost because I'm eating this right now as I write this review. My taste buds are thanking me and my stomach is singing. Succulent skewer of ground chicken kabobs on a bed of saffron rice with boiled tomato and spices on the side. This right here is what you will be coming back each time for.  I have yet to have a better tasting ground chicken kabobs anywhere else in Washington. Nom nom nom.2. Koobideh- ground beef! YUmm. You get one skewer for lunch and 2 skewers for dinner. I like mixing the two! One chicken and one beef is always the way to go.3. Barg- their barg strip kabobs are also fantastic. You can tell the quality of the meat is so fantastic, it sorta explode in your mouth with flavors. 4. Lamb Shanks- this is my family fav! Lamb shank with dill rice! Lamb is falling of the bones as it arrive to your table. Well spiced, nice gravy. It's a fantastic dish. Big enough to share and well worth the $$$.5. Ghormeh Sabzi - you just have to have this once in your life even if you are the pickiest eater. Beefy yumminess.You won't stop eating it. 6. Fesenjan - chicken pomegranate and walnut stew! 7. Tea & Persian Ice cream- I'm rating this because these two items are a must have with every meal. At least for me. Persian ice cream with pistachio , saffron and rose water. It;s like an ice cream square but much better.Overall , I love this place.They also have 25%off second entree with yelp check in. I have yet to use it because it's only valid for dinner. And most of the time I'm doing take out for dinner to go home across the bridge. I wish they are closer so I can go for dinner! Oh well, take out always work. Thanks for giving me many amazing koobideh lunches , family lunches and fun dinners, Caspian!! Time for me to get back to your tasty take out boxes so I can remind myself why I love this place so much. And love it more with each new bite! Yummm Yumm. Thanks for packing my boxes so well and pretty too. You guys rock!! :)
<review# 2781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/29/2014,1604,312,17,23,22>The Valentine's Day bar was set higher after our dinner at Duos.  Once we chose our wine and starters, we began a two hour dining escape.  Hubby had the Kalua Pork Poutine, while I enjoyed the carrot salad.  The salad was a pleasant surprise, as it was served warm and whole, as opposed to shredded and cold.  I had to cut in to it with a fork and knife, which made the combination of citrus and savory last longer as I slowed down my bites.  The candied pine nuts and edible flowers were a nice touch!  Weathervane Scallops (so buttery!) and the Pesto Cappelletti came next. Our taste buds were treated like kings with the likes of Beechers Flagship cheese, ricotta, creamy basil pesto and bacon.Completing our meal was the "Lovers Cake":  a chocolate lava-filled dessert, big enough for two - topped with raspberries and fresh whipped cream.  I behaved myself up to this point by not licking any of my plates, but couldn't resist getting my fingers in to the chocolate sauce when my spoon wouldn't finish the job.   "Serious food with a sense of humor" is the Duos pledge.  I'd say they made good on that promise.  Every dot and smear was whimsically placed, as were the dollops of potato puree and stacked vegetables.  Each element was playful by design and mature in flavor.  Plus, they support local farmers and make everything from scratch.  What's not to love?We'll be back!  Happy Hour (4-7pm Tuesday-Saturday).
<review# 2782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/28/2014,142,339,6,13,10>Merry Mari-time  Ambience: 5Food: 5Value: 3.5Tucked away along the lake side of Northlake Way, amid the boat moorings, is the gorgeous looking Westward. Their distinctively wooden maritime decor and views of the lake and space needle (both indoors and outdoors), are both panoramas worth checking out.  The food is a mix of well-executed American New, e.g. lamb burger and fried chick-peas snacks, and northwest seafood staples e.g. calamari and oysters. Everything has a flare of  panache (e.g. the perfectly made house chips that comes with the seafood dip), and is delicious. The drinks are plentiful, with an excellent wine list and a selection of local beers to supplement the speak-easy style cocktail menu (now standard in all good Seattle eateries).Though the food prices are bit hefty (happy hour beer at $3 though is actually decent), it is definitely worth it: a merry time.
<review# 2783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,4/27/2014,263,1104,9,16,16>Mac and cheese Mondays for the win! My friend and I came here on a quiet Monday evening for this special. For $14, you get a small bowl of Beecher's mac and cheese and three wines. It was a nice spread of light to earthy to full bodied to sweet wines and of course the mac and cheese was delicious.There's plenty of wines here to shop too of course. It's a little higher priced than most typical wine rooms around here but its perfect for when you're looking for that. There's also some nice wine accessories including ones I purchased and overall, I really liked the space. I will be back for wine tastings and flights in the future!
<review# 2784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,4/26/2014,153,269,10,16,14>Some places don't need to have aesthetically appealing decor to draw people to their business and that's because their food speaks for itself.The place is tiny and the menu here is simple, but the sandwiches (mainly banh mi's but a couple of non-Vietnamese sandwiches are available) are amazing.  Twice the girth of any typical banh mi I've seen, and each bite was packed with flavor and grilled pork a-plenty.  My sister ordered the BBQ pork banh mi which she was very satisfied with, and both sandwiches together cost me less than $10.  A meal...for two...in Bellevue...for less than $10!!!  Oh - and did I mention they take plastic (in case you're like me and never carry cash)?The next time I come here, I will definitely pay a little more so I can try my banh mi with a fried egg (which is an available option here)!
<review# 2785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,4/25/2014,134,477,7,14,11>Holy fat 13 inch sub batman! Are you hungry? Want something big, fat and meaty? MSM subs delivers my friends! I don't know about you all but I find the world, or at least my world, aka the northwest, is severely lacking in good sandwich and subs. MSM had filled that void for me, the only tragic part is I don't live in Tacoma. Try the Italian, it's stuffed w meat and is delicious. Also useful to note is they have a ton of bottled beers inside, so pick up your sammich and a 22 ouncer and you'll be happy as a clam!! If you aren't, you're just lame!
<review# 2786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/24/2014,132,129,9,15,13>Went here on a Sunday looking for some brunch. It seemed to get good reviews on Yelp so thought we would give it a try. They have some displays of their hot foods and it looked pretty good. I got the fried egg sandwich with bacon that is on their regular menu. My boyfriend got the french toast with 2 chicken sausages, pear, topped with marscapone. I was realllly happy with my sandwich. I wish there were more red peppers but I enjoyed all those grilled onions in it. The bread was kind of shaped like a fish and wasn't super hard, but had a nice texture to it with poppy seeds. The french toast was nice and fluffy and overall the dish wasn't too sweet. The chicken sausage was AMAZING! The portion size was a little bigger than I expected as well. I would definitely come back to try their pastries. Everything looked super good but I was too full by the end of the meal. I also got an iced mexican mocha and the chunks of chocolate at the bottom made the drink that much better :) Ample amount of seating near the windows or tables.
<review# 2787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,4/23/2014,112,562,8,12,13>I heard about this new studio from a friend and since my fav Kitsap county studio recently cIosed I am in the market for a new one. While I don't live in the area I do like to make it to yoga class with my friends when I visit. From the outside I didn't think it would be much but I was pleasantly suprised on the inside to see it was so big. Plenty of room for a full class with lots of props. The clothing for sale looked pretty awsome as well.  They also had mats available which you don't seee too many places for free any longer. I really enjoyed the water machine and tea as well. My only concern is perhaps the parking, but since I will mostly be visiting on weekends it shouldn't be a problem for me. Also not a big fan of having to wait outside in the cold, but will just have to remember to wait in the car in the future.
<review# 2788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,6/12/2014,113,175,6,12,6>This place is definitely a good place to go for gelato. Not only it is good gelato.. but I just love the name of this place. When I first heard of fainting goats, i thought it was a joke until someone showed me a clip of fainting goats! Now its your turn to go on youtube and search for a video of fainting goats for your amusement.Its not far off from other icy treats in the neighborhood however it still does very well. You have yogurtland, molly moons all within a quarter mile from each other. Got some tough competition! I like them all!I had the coconut gelato and it was very rich with coconut flavor and also rich with coconut flakes in them! Sometimes you may encounter a gelato place that will lack that full coconut flavor. I have yet to try other gelato flavors and i am looking forward to coming back. Chances are... i will likely come back in the winter time because thats what all Seattle people do... eat ice cream in the cold :)I would say they have a decent selection in comparison to other gelato restaurants. Its local and everyone should always support local businesses like this one! Come check this place out!
<review# 2789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,6/11/2014,290,437,7,12,8>This place is way classier than the location's previous inhabitant (China Spa) -- they took the old location and then added on another suite a few doors down in the same strip mall. The China Spa location now seems to house the full body massages and the 'new' section takes over the standard "big room full of people all being awkwardly beaten," foot reflexology area.This place is way more "relaxing" than China Spa was -- it's not right next to a loud sports bar blasting music and bad karaoke -- there's simply a dark room with a tv playing a slideshow of calming images with some music. $29 gets you foot AND body massage... it's totally worth it to go for the $29 option over the $25 option.A few days after a particularly intense workout, Bay Point was able to provide me with the most comfort I'd had in days (my bad, working out on Friday when my "normal" massages are on Wednesdays, d'oh!). The practitioner was very diligent in attacking the areas where my muscles were crazy tight and I ended up feeling pretty much as good as I normally do. They also offer a "prepay for 10 massages, get two massages free," as well as a stamp card (buy 10 get one, get one free)-- so if you like this place you're rewarded for your continued patronage (which is a fantastic incentive, as far as I'm concerned.)Now that it's getting to the end of my yearly insurance allotment, I'm sure I'll be returning to Bay Point at least a few more times before the end of the year to help weather the storm of not being able to see my normal LMP weekly.(You can also text in for an appointment and avoid walking in when they're all full, sweet!)
<review# 2790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,6/10/2014,101,183,5,12,6>The Dress Theory is a MUST for any bride looking for a unique and exquisite wedding gown. Here you'll find styles from designers you won't find in most other places and the customer service and attention is outstanding!The boutique is very small, intimate, and beautifully decorated with a romantic vintage style. Appointments are required, which ensures that all the focus is on you and finding your perfect gown. Refreshments are available and they do everything they can to make sure you're comfortable. Whitney was my consultant and was so wonderful to work with. She was very sweet and made what could have been a very nerve-wracking experience into an enjoyable and pleasant one. Whitney selected a few dresses for me to try on based on my needs and her personality assessment of me. She was spot on with guessing my style as well as what dresses would work best for my figure. She had me tell her how I felt in each dress, positive or negative and, by process of elimination, we would narrow down the choices before making a final decision. She also offered to snap a few pictures of me in the dresses so I could get text them to friends and get second opinions. Descriptions such as "playful," "sexy," and "cute" were thrown out there, but I ultimately went with the one that made me feel "like I'm getting married"--a gorgeous blush pink Sarah Seven gown with a crystal belt to compliment it (they have beautiful accessories in the shop as well). As soon as I tried on the gown, it was the first time it all set in and the stress and anxiety of planning a wedding turned into excitement for the big day.Unlike most prepared brides, I only had a couple of months until my wedding and I was nervous about getting my dress made in time. Whitney personally assured me that I would and I actually picked it up earlier than I expected. I couldn't be happier with my dress and I'm so thankful to the staff at The Dress Theory for being so incredibly helpful!
<review# 2791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,6/9/2014,307,492,11,12,8>You can't beat the price. The price is insanely fantastic. I think they recently raised it from $11.99 to $14.99 for shellac nails... but that's still a great price. If I can get in and out for under $20 including tip, I'm ecstatic. I work at a hospital and am in nursing school, so I have to have short nails. It always seems to baffle the people that do my nails, and this shot is not immune. However, after a couple times of trying to explain it, they finally cut it short enough. I think I'll just have to hack my own nails off before I come. *shrug*Beauty Nails has like 5 wheels of selection! FIVE. When I first started getting shellacs a couple years ago, there were five colors TOTAL. So it makes me happy to be able to go back and forth with all the selection. I haven't had the pleasure of having a pedicure here yet, but my friends did, and their toes looked great. Soon... Soon I will have polished feet. It's just not a priority during hairy leg season.
<review# 2792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,6/8/2014,242,83,4,12,8>Simply superb. A fantastic addition to the Tangletown neighborhood. The place is tiny but well-designed. It is L-shaped with the larger end filled with tables for about 16 people. The other side is a tiny bar / chef's table. I would say maximum capacity is about 24. If you weren't looking for it as you drive on 55th St, it's easy to miss as there is no obvious signage. As with other Ethan Stowell joints, the plates are meant to be shared:1. Zucchini fritters. They came with a lemon thyme pesto dip. So good! Will definitely order again next time. 2. Porcini-ricotta ravioli with mushroom broth and shaved porcini. Delectable. It almost tasted like there was some truffle in there - the flavor was that rich. 3. Chickpea tagine. It also had dates and nuts. The delicate flavors of this dish were perfect after the rich ravioli. 4. Seared halibut with braised artichoke hearts, chanterelles, chrysanthemum greens, and dried chillies. The fish originally came out undercooked so we sent it back. It came back perfectly done and delicious. 5. For dessert we had the chocolate malt pudding. I loved the crumbled cacao nibs on top of the pudding. The crunch with the pudding reminds me of chocolate malt balls -  one of my favorite treats. Reservations are absolutely essential as the place is so tiny. If you are sensitive to drafts, ask for a table towards the back. If you sit at the bar / chef's table, it will be a little chilly every time the door opens in the winter. When summer rolls around the whole front of the restaurant can be opened which will be really nice. Nice wine list, excellent service, cool atmosphere. Mkt totally kicks it up a notch in Tangletown.
<review# 2793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,6/7/2014,127,386,6,10,6>So I just found out recently you can customize your own Chirashi Bowl. Don't care for the albacore? No problem, get the seared salmon instead! All you want is tuna and eel in a massive bowl of rice? No problem, just order it!Oh, not to mention, it's flippin' delicious. Everything.5-star institution, ladies and gents. It doesn't get much better than this, ESPECIALLY for the price you're paying. You don't wait in long lines for nothing.
<review# 2794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,6/6/2014,57,264,5,8,6>Six Seven lounge is the nicest setting in Seattle for happy hour!  It has one of the best views of Seattle's waterfront along with a chic setting that even includes a huge tv screen where you can catch glances of your sports game while enjoying delicous, reasonably priced, high quality food.  The lounge even has live music on Fridays and Saturdays.  I tried the sliders and asparagus fries from happy hour menu as well as the tuna tacos from the general lounge menu.  The sliders along with the 4 homemade chips it came with was melt in your mouth yummy (2 sliders $6 at happy hour)!  The asparagus fries were tasty and made me feel somewhat healthy since real asparagus ($6 at happy hour):)  The tacos had very high quality tuna with a nice sauce on top.  Could have had a bit less seasoning to the guacamole at bottom of tacos.  I had the pinot grigio white wine on the happy hour menu and it was perfectly smooth and fruity!  I am sad I forgot to ask the name of the wine because I want to stock up on it.Happy Hour - Sun-Thurs: 3:00pm - 6:00pm
<review# 2795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,6/5/2014,114,107,5,8,7>THIS IS MY 100TH REVIEW GUYSSSSSSSSSSSSWhat better place to do it on than 12th Avenue Hair and Nails Spa? Finding a cool pedicure and eyebrow place nearby with reliable service and friendly people is always tough. When I lived in Columbia City, I went to a great place on Rainier caled Vany, but it's just too far to drive for cute nails when there are other options close by. I've tried several places on the Hill and in the CD with mixed results, but almost all of my experiences at 12th Ave. have been consistently good. They have a good mix of polish colors, including tons of Shellac (and some kind of Shellac substitute, which seems to be just as good). The massaging chairs are a ++++, and I heard they're about to be upgraded to even better massaging chairs somehow? Standard pedicures come with a nice leg massage and hot towel wraps, and my nails always look good. They're also good with waxing. Though I've only had my eyebrows done, they're quick, efficient, and they listen to what you ask for. The room isn't fancy, but it's fine.The staff are really cool and friendly and nice. They will talk to you for an hour about Candy Crush Saga or they'll leave you and your friend to chat about whatever work garbage you want to discuss. They will also let you laugh at the poster of the weird 80s guy and tell you stories about people who use it as a map for their next haircut.The only negative I've experienced here was a rushed Shellac job with a slightly old polish that left me with a weird wrinkle on my thumb. It was kind of a bummer, but it wasn't enough to keep me from coming back. Also - the TV just plays an endless, soothing loop of nature scenes. Sigh.
<review# 2796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,6/4/2014,95,169,7,10,7>If you want authentic sushi, this may not be the place for you. BUT if you want southern-California/Arcadia-style fusion cheesy-saucy-fried-fake sushi, THIS PLACE WILL BLOW YOUR MIND.First off, you get complimentary miso soup when you order your food.Unlike some similar southern California sushi fusions, they don't have an all-you-can-eat option for a flat fee; their sushi rolls range from $7-$15 and many of them have cheese and incorporate tempura. They also have plenty of noodle options like Udon, yakisoba, and and more, plus rice dishes, more traditional sushi options, and other entrees.In fact, it's a pretty extensive menu that ranges from more authentic to extremely fusiony, with a small selection of sake and beer.It's in a weird place on highway 99 in Shoreline, and consequently, there's almost always nobody there... so you will have great service. Not too much in the way of parking, but I've never had a problem with that.They don't open for lunch anymore (bummer) but hey have a good happy hour and are a great place to linger.
<review# 2797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,6/3/2014,475,222,8,9,7>I'm a huge fan of the menu at Skillet! I've eaten at their good truck, the counter in Seattle center, and the brick and mortar location on the hill. All are favorites of mine to frequent!So seeing this new location in a area much closer to home (and easier to find parking) than on the hill, I was already loving this new Skillet. Upon first walking in, you'll notice that the space is much larger than their small Cap hill locale, the decor is consistent with their theme and since this place is fairly new, it isn't getting too packed yet.The staff is super friendly and welcoming, I have never had bad service at a Skilleg before and this place is no exception, plus if you've ever read my ROTD honored Skillet Diner review for the Cap Hill spot, you'll see how I was swooning over cute girls with tattoos and plaid shirts, case holds the same here, but I digress. The welcoming vibe feels great and a neighborhood like Ballard which seems to not be filled with the passive aggressive "I-have-f*ck-off-written-on-my-forehead" hipster crowd, I'm liking this spot more and more.From the handful of times I've eaten there, the food is consistent with their other locations, the grilled cheese is gooey melty awesome and and the biscuits are just as flaky and delicious. I can honestly say that this is one of my favorite places to eat now, and with the Ballard 'hood home to many of my favorite places around the Sound, it's a perfect fit for me and my inner fat kid. 5 If-you-like-it-then-you-better-put-bacon-jam-on-it stars out of 5
<review# 2798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,9/10/2007,4,9,3,13,9>Blue Moon Burger is my new fave burger place, and I've gone there twice in two weeks!... the staff care about their food, and seem to like their job, on the whole. The meat is comparable to what I could buy in a health food store. And for my friends, there are vegetarian options. The shakes are hand made on a spindle, not pushed out of a machine. And they have these fried jalapeno slices... i've never had jalapeno's like this. They have the size and texture of calamari but with a total spice-kick! It's great!I LOVE this burger place. Loving a burger place is something new for me. I normally avoid all burger places because too often the meat is dubious, and I often wonder if the highschool kids in the back spit in the food. That's how most burger places are to me. I don't go in them. Ever.But like I said, Blue Moon is everything I want in a quick, healthy restaurant. (ok, not HEALTHY, but for a burger, somewhat healthy). I recommend it and then some. I don't fear the meat, here. I don't fear the employees. It's great!I plan on going here again, many times, and soon.-ck
<review# 2799,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/19/2007,9/9/2007,123,328,11,8,5>My bf and I were to attend an event at the Olympic Sculpture Park as part of some culture event for some music whatever, but we were both exhausted and opted instead to grab dinner at Peso's. I've never been to the restaurant, and really how can you go wrong with Mexican food? That was a rhetorical question, like when you ask "your child is beautiful; when did you adopt?"I was surprised by the exterior of Peso's, I expected an entrance that did a better job of indicating the front door. Upon entrance, the restaurant interior is awash in warm gold walls and dark wood furniture. I immediately took notice of a staff that was comprised entirely of women selling their flowing hair and boobs pushed above any tolls taken by gravity. I may not want a side of chest with my burrito, but I'd bet drugs that every straight guy in the restaurant would take two or more.We were promptly greeted by a very charming young hostess who offered the bar for immediate seating if we didn't want to wait. If we weren't exhausted, then the loud music and even louder conversations would be tolerable. We chose to wait ten minutes for a booth that offered us privacy and some shelter from the noise in the restaurant.Water was served promptly to our table, along with customary chips and salsa which was fresh and had just enough heat to make it dangerous. Our waitress took a little longer than what I would have preferred, but she was friendly and packing some serious guns out of her top.We ordered a carafe of the pomegranate sangria which arrived after our meals. I had high hopes for that sangria, I really did. The first reaction to what touched my tongue was "Kool-aid" followed by "fizz". My bf was quick to point out that we were served a drink made with more soda than brandy. At least we both had a maraschino cherry in our glasses. How fun is that? That wasn't a rhetorical question, the answer is, of course, it wasn't fun. Sangria should be strong, dark, and able to make a gay man want a bit of boob action.The beans are not veg*n, but the rice is. Factor that into a dairy-free diet and the enchiladas with mushrooms and corn come out of the kitchen as light fare in comparison to the portions served my bf. Don't get me wrong, the food was all right and my bf enjoyed his meal, but I had high expectations after hearing so many friends talk up this restaurant.I don't think I'll make another trip to Peso's unless I can bring my own sangria which is made with real ingredients, like booze.
<review# 2800,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/26/2007,9/8/2007,109,130,18,16,10>First time BMW buyer and first reviewer. Hot damn! Or as the Germans would say "Genial". Ultimate Driving Machine for sure. Way back in the day of living in Munich was when I first started salivating for one of these. Now I figure with the new city, new living space, new job ...heck..it's time for my new car. You know how men get their sports car after their divorce - that's if the lady hasn't taken him to the cleaners - well that's what I did. I got the 328i, silver, black interior with the aluminum trim. "He's" so pretty. He you ask? Well I'm not into "riding" girls. As for the customer service, well can't say people didn't warn me. It's just simply non existent. They have the type of attitude where they feel just cause they are BMW..they don't need to say hi. I actually talked to 3 different sales men to get the payment I wanted. In the end, I played them against BMW Seattle and got more equipment for less money and didn't have to make the trek over to the west side after selling my Honda. Yes, stop laughing..I went from Honda to BMW..worlds apart..I know. Oh and it's true what they say..once in a BMW..always a BMW. Oh and one more thing..why are manual BMW so hard to come by? Seriously..an automatic BMW is like a non-fat, decaf, sugar free drink..WHY BOTHER!!
<review# 2801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2007,9/6/2007,34,128,2,11,11>Ginny Conrow creates amazing works of art in porcelain by altering slip-casted forms. Each piece is unique due to the fact that she forms them individually by hand. The forms are very elegant and seem to be inspired by sea life and aquatic plants. Even more breath taking though, are the crystalline glazes. The glazing process is totally random due to the formation of a particular type of gas during firing. The artists never knows what the results are going to be until the process is complete. The depth of these glazes and the way they catch the light is simply amazing. They almost seem to be drawing me in when I look at them, its mesmerizing. I have to wipe the drool away every now and again or I end up making a mess on the floor. The website does not do these pieces justice, you simply must see them in person at one of her shows.
<review# 2802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,9/5/2007,53,99,5,15,9>Wanna be a tourist?  Even if you do not have visitors in town, check out the Clipper.  As other Yelpers mentioned, they have great tours to Victoria and other destinations.  But one of the best day trips is to Friday Harbor in the San Juans, with a whale watching stop along the way.  Who doesn't want to see orcas swimming and playing?  It's a great way to spend a Saturday.  It takes about 2 1/2 hours to get up there, about an hour or so whale watching (depending on how active they are), and then lunch and shopping in Friday Harbor.  You are back in Seattle by 7 p.m. that same evening.  On the way back, they stop at a tiny island that is only inhabited by seals and eagles.  Too cool!Beer and snacks are reasonably priced on the boat, and they have tables so you can play cards, etc. while cruising around.
<review# 2803,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2007,9/4/2007,17,70,10,4,7>One star for letting me in, and serving me despite the fact I was stumbling drunk, no i.d., and with a sticker across my chest that read "Drunk (again)".One star for their tables and chairs....very comfy.And one star for their selection of beers....nice. I will have to go back when I can truly appreciate that aspect of the place.The martinis weren't that great, which I know is unfair since they came after the ones at the Theo Party (those rocked!).The place is a frat-boy meat market. It is what it is and that's okay - not the kind of place I would go to often. If I go again it would be on a week night. As my wise friend Seth says....don't go looking for peaches in a strawberry patch. I don't know how that relates here.....I think I am still drunk.
<review# 2804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2007,9/3/2007,131,175,12,14,11>WOW! What a find! So our best friends are in town from Cali and we have one day to take them around and show them "our Seattle". Where to go and have lunch? Wouldn't be so hard, if they had dining habits like ours- wide ranging and omnivorous. FUCKING VEGANS! Thankfully I found La Isla. After reading a snippet about a vegan option in another review we all decided to give it a go.First off- can I say how excited they were that they did not have just one option on their lunch menu, but 5? They had a hard time deciding, which made me happy.We all started off with a gandulas dip (which was more like a salsa) made with pigeon peas, peppers, onions garlic and vinegar- served with freshly fried plantain chips. Yum. Quickly devoured.I had the bacalaito lunch special- salt cod fritters served with rice and beans. They served it all with this creamy garlic sauce that was heavenly. Those damn fritters were rocking my socks off. So incredibly tasty- and light for a fritter, too! Husband had empanadas with beef, which were good, but not amazing. Our vegans really loved their dishes- the empanadas and the I-forget-what-it's-called-but-it's-like-an-­empanada-but the-dough-is-made-with-plantains-and-yucca. It was great that we could all eat at a restaurant and all enjoy our food- that's usually not the case. Plus the bill came to $44 bucks with tip for 4 people. That's lunch and appetizers for $11/person! Plus, my friend Kelly and I kept singing that stupid Madonna song "la Isla Bonita" and totally alienating our males- moments like that are priceless!
<review# 2805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,9/2/2007,24,17,6,10,7>Let me speak my mind before moving to Seattle I had no idea that breakfast places served alcohol call it being sheltered or really never going to breakfast ...... So imagine my astonishment that A: Breakfast is my girlfriend's favorite meal and B: That breakfast places actually serve alcohol. So people go to Roxy's have a $2 mimosa and enjoy some good breakfast.
<review# 2806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,8/30/2007,222,363,8,11,7>You know what it's like when you have more people to feed then hot dogs? Well last night was like that and so to the take-away menu book to flip through the pages of menus. Italian sounded reseasonable as my main craving involved a ginormous Ceasar salad. Everyone else in the homestead was partial to this idea as well. Joy! Mom and I perused a menu for one place, even pestered Ian to hurry up and decided what he wanted. But then we came across a menu, newly arrived in mail that day, from Palermo. I admit I've been by it a few times and was very curious. Their delivery menu was vast and covered a lot of the usuals. I never ordered that damn Ceasar salad though. However I do think I did alright. -Cheese bread with thick marinara for dipping = Solid, not too much cheese, crisp yet chewy bread, not congeal-y or uber-oily-Baked cauliflower covered with thinly sliced red oinions & parmesan cheese all in a lemon-garlic sauce = Fuckin' delish!-Linguini Special: cubed chicken, sun-dried maters, artie hearts, capers, basil all in a sherry-lemon sauce = Lots of good flavors to support each other as well as good quantities, but oddly there wasn't enough actual linguini and the sherry-lemon sauce was sort of missing from the entire dish (wound up pouring the sauce from the cauliflower into it towards the end, very tasty that way!)-Tiramisu = decent, typical, but not super boozey (which is nice as the child LOVES tiramisu)The lady who took our order over the phone was friendly and knowledgeable, no attitude when I wanted to use the 20% off coupon that was on the menu flier. We were told 45 minutes, but the food was there in 25. The sides salad were good size with shredded cheese and a massive wedge of tomato (which I love!), the Italian Wedding soup was lackluster and pretty much flavorless. Regardless, we will order from them again, and maybe get a pizza next time. However I vow to get my Ceasar salad, ONE DAY!
<review# 2807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,8/29/2007,36,87,10,4,4>There's nothing I can say that will or will not be a deciding factor whether you go here or not. Let's just say: I think Top Pot was the choice meal served to Jesus at the Last Supper.
<review# 2808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,11/10/2007,311,158,13,14,14>Tourists who for some reason think this place exists solely for their entertainment (or exploitation)  are the reason I rarely visit here between mid June and Labor Day.As of next week Sarah, me and the baby will be parking our keisters at The Crumpet Shop, Pike Place Chowder, Le Panier and wherever else suits our fancy for the best people watching this side of Oregon.Come by and see us before the weather turns.oh, and did I mention DONUTS??
<review# 2809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2007,11/8/2007,208,114,8,5,4>I went to a white theme party a few weeks ago with some friends.  For some reason my closet is full of white things.  I hooked up my friend with a white sheet as a toga and a friend borrowed the cream white pants from an Indian suit I have.  My friend with my white suit pant got really drunk and got dirt and a bit of wine all over the pants.  He was throwing up out the window of the car on the way home if that gives you any idea how bad off he was.  He learned his lesson though...I didn't take the pants to get cleaned for 3 weeks.  I decided to hit trusty old yelp for some help finding a good cleaners. After the glowing reviews, I tried Wallingford Dry Cleaners in my hood.  The guy at the counter didn't promise anything but said he would do his best.  After waiting 4 days to see the results, I was shocked.  My pants look brand new!  For $7 it was totally worth it to get these Indian pants ready to go with my suit.  I highly recommend this place especially for those pieces that need special care!
<review# 2810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,11/7/2007,47,72,17,6,5>My inner child is a fat kid. Oh, I kick this little butterball around, with pilates and martial arts and whatever torturous mid-evil way I can dream up, but that little bastard has friends.Friends like Top Pot, I can't compete. These things are more addictive than cigarettes and almost as easy to find, with them being available at Starbucks and Bauhaus and the two TP locations.........My on going addiction........ dense, moist and delicious. I may put you down from time to time , but that little chubby sugar fiend will never let us part.
<review# 2811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,11/6/2007,615,688,4,14,11>A hidden view of Seattle, this puts Kerry Park to shame.  I never would have known this park was hidden here unless a local had told me.  It's located behind the old school and has recently been renovated.It really is a gem of Magnolia, having a full view of the city, Mt. Rainer, and Elliott Bay.  It's truly breathtaking.  And that's just the view.  There is also a great playground, swings, half basketball courts, a big open grass area, and picnic tables.  Also lots of free parking in the area.  It does however lack in shade, so bring sunscreen.  It's definitely one of my favorite hidden parks in Seattle.
<review# 2812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,11/5/2007,104,107,14,3,7>I was craving a Paseo sandwich after my walk around Greenlake tonight.  When I got to Paseo, there was a sign covering the sandwiches that said, "Sorry, but we are out of sandwiches tonight.  No really, really."  Seriously?  They are out of sandwiches???  It is that good people.Update 8/4: Why is everyone voting funny on this review?  It is downright sad that I didn't get a sandwich.
<review# 2813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2007,11/4/2007,65,77,10,12,11>for our first date, a dapper young gent and i decided to see 'blood car' (a "goodbad*" horror flick) while drinking beer and eating pizza, because that's just how we roll. but after buying our tickets, he realized they were for 'killing zoe' and inquired. as it turns out, the stranger had run the wrong date in their halloween weekend feature, and central cinema was no longer playing 'blood car'.or were they?since the place was dead (we were the only ones with tickets 15 minutes before the show), the owner offered to run 'blood car' for us if nobody else showed up wanting to see 'killing zoe'. a few more people came, but two of them were also there to see 'blood car', and so the last-minute change was made.we settled in with a pitcher of hale's blonde, an artichoke/fontina/thyme pizza, and a "cesear" salad (menu misprints make me giggle), and proceeded to laugh our asses off. i'm serious; our asses literally detached. it was really hard to put them back on in the dark. anyway, i realized about halfway through the movie that it was a bit like going to a drive-in theater in a big old car with bench seats, but without the long walk to the concession stand. getting that cozy drive-in feeling in the middle of the city? perfection.*term coined by the afore-mentioned dapper young gent.--- UPDATE 11/1 ---went back in full zombie regalia for 'night of the living dead' last night (only $1 since we were in costume). had the hummus platter, a pig in a blanket, and a syrah/cab/merlot blend. i officially love their food. the pita was perfectly crispy but was clearly baked rather than fried. the hummus was excellent. the pig in a blanket (you can order a kosher beef dog rather than the turkey or tofu options on the menu) was to die for. (get it? to DIE FOR?? anyway...) the wine was pretty good too, but had a bit more bite than i was expecting.I LOVE THIS PLACE.
<review# 2814,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2007,11/2/2007,36,87,11,18,9>Not knowing where to get my hair cut, I called up Zero Zero after reading the review on Yelp. Best hair-related decision I've ever made! I'd never been before, so I didn't have preference to who cut my hair. They gave me an appointment with Rabia, and she ruled. She is very friendly and funny. She studied my facial structure and head shape, and instinctively knew what would look good. I've never taken a chance with my haircuts before, have always been conservative and never anything too drastic. Been pretty much long and shaggy my whole life. She asked if I wanted it short, and since it was my first haircut in Seattle, I threw caution to the wind and said why the hell not. I guess it's something about the atmosphere and aura of the place that just makes you say, "Eff it, let's do this shit!" After about 45 minutes, I had the best haircut I had ever received. It is EXACTLY what I have always wanted, yet was too scared to get.... or didn't know how to explain it to other barbers/stylists.After 3 years of getting the shittiest haircuts of my life in Manhattan / New York City, I guess karma kicked in and I got the best haircut in Seattle. A whole new me!Oh, and did I mention, only a mere $25!(Now, I have guy friends who won't pay more than $10 for a haircut. But c'mon, do you really want to look like a jackass?)The only problem was I had trouble finding parking (but hey, it's Capitol Hill). So I just parked it at a near apartment building parking lot and hoped for the best.
<review# 2815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2007,11/1/2007,44,28,21,13,16>Do you have any idea how haunted this place is?We all know what happens when a house is built on top of an old indian burial ground, but do you know what happens when you build a CEMETERY on top of an old indian burial ground?!That's right, it's double haunted!Here's a small excerpt from the Endangered Cemetery report:Condition: Cemetery in danger of destructionVandalized: YesVA: Gravestones-OverturnedVA: Gravestones-BrokenVA: Gravestones-StolenVA: Graves-DesecratedOvergrowth: Graves-DisturbingOvergrowth: Gravestones-DisturbingSo what happens when you build a cemetery on top of an old indian burial ground, and then you abandon it, and then you desecrate it?I'll tell you....TRIPLE (possibly QUADRUPLE) HAUNTED!!!!!I've actually hunted ghosts here before.  Don't ask me what I was going to do with a ghost once I caught it.  I was thinking about wearing it in a vial around my neck just to be weird.  It's not like I can have it stuffed and hang its head over my mantle.  That would be cool though."oh that? I bagged that one in the autumn of '07 up at Comet Lodge, she put up quite a struggle, that one.  Hehehe"I thought it'd be funny to catch one and throw it at Scott K. just to watch him flip out "GET IT OFF!! GET IT OFF!!"  like he does with spiders.Anywhoo....This place is great for a last date, or a 30th birthday party, or just a good old fashioned night of getting high and freaking the shit out of your friends."When the members of my tribe become a myth among white men, when you think that your children are alone in the field, the shop, the store -- they will not be alone. When you think that your streets are deserted, they will throng with the returning hosts that once filled and still love this land, for the dead are not powerless. Dead I say? There is no death, only a change of worlds."~~Chief Seattle
<review# 2816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2007,10/31/2007,173,265,21,7,12>Food Limerick Time!There once was a man who was famishedHe wanted something more than a sandwichHe ate a piroshky From Piroshky Piroshky*And his hunger completely vanished*Tell me something that rhymes with piroshky and I will personally give you $3 in pennies.
<review# 2817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2007,10/30/2007,36,106,12,8,9>Please sir, can I have some more!?Oliver's Twist is a fine place to go if you want to have a casual drink with a couple friends on a Saturday night. The bar was full, but not over packed. While there was a good buzz running through the place, it was still possible to carry on a conversation. Upon arrival, my friends and I started out standing at the bar, but were able to move to a table in the back about 15 minutes after arriving.The bar seems to be patroned largely by 30-somethings and up, with a disproportionately large number of women drinking with their female friends. The high prices likely drive the partiers and pick-up artists away. Cocktails start around $8 and beer ranges from $4 - $10, but there is no PBR or other keg-filler macrobrew here. The small beer selection features various imports and a couple local microbrews.The signature cocktails at Oliver's are all named after Dickens characters. A friend of mine with a penchant for Cynar (an artichoke based liquor) ordered a drink called, The Artful Dodger (a.k.a. Jack Dawkins, leader of the child pickpockets in Oliver Twist). The dodger had a pleasantly complex orange taste to it with layers of sweet and bitter, like looking in to an orphan's eyes.Whatever you do, do not visit this bar with the intention of eating. The food portions are tiny and the prices are huge! We ordered the garlic truffled popcorn, which came in a bag that was comparable in size to a child-sized popcorn at your average cineplex, but at $4 was probably even pricier than movie theater fare. The salami plate we purchased to accompany the popcorn was equally small and even more costly, maybe 5 oz of meat for $10! Granted, the food was tasty, but the amount left my belly hungry... like an orphan.I give this place three stars plus one bonus star for unintentionally choosing a name that is fitting on so many levels... because orphans are funny... and they taste like hope.
<review# 2818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2006,5/19/2006,6,14,2,4,5>Being from Canada (I've lived here in WA since late 1997), some of the things I miss the most (aside from my family, natch!) are the chocolate, Old Dutch potato chips, Maynard's wine gums, Red Band Sour Simon sour soothers, Nestle Smarties, and Neilson's macaroons... okay, okay... so, I have a sweet tooth.  You would too if you grew up around all that scrumptiousness.I also miss fries & gravy.  ...and Poutine?  Don't even get me started... that's just the scrummiest, most yummy goodness known to man!So anyway, sometimes I REALLY need a Canadian chocolate fix, and a trip to CPWM is a fast, easy way to score -- not to mention that while I'm there, I can also stock up on Lemon Curd (soooooo good on toast/English muffins), British candies/snacks, C. Howard Violet Pastilles (OMG, these are soooooooo amazingly yummy), and.. oh, I could go on & on...I love the super-cute, teensy-tiny Heinz Ketchup/Mustard/Mayo bottles -- among many, many other doll-sized condiments stocked in bins, perfect for picnics.  Mind you, to my recollection, I've never *been* on a picnic, but if I ever do, I'll definitely stock up on these.  Oh, heck just grab some anyway -- they're adorable just to look at!And... Oh!  How could I forget the canned Dolmathes?!  Those are pure heaven -- if heaven was thoroughly drenched in olive oil... Upon each trip to CPWM, I grab 2-3 cans of those scrumptious puppies, and always crack one open the second I get to my car after leaving the store.  They're so good, it's worth having to drive home with olive oil drips down my shirt, on my lap, and on my steering wheel. ;-)Seriously, this place is the shiznit for unique/imported snacks, not to mention the amazing array of multi-ethnic houseware/decor stuff, which is the primary merchandise of CPWM.Good times are to be had here, even just for the eye candy factor alone.NOTE:  If you've got a hankering for Canadian chocolate bars, I've happened across some in totally unexpected locales:Northwest Pharmacy (across from the main Northwest Hospital bldg.) - inexplicably sells Nestle Coffee Crisp bars (!!)... and they have a drive-thru, too!  Keep your visit under 30 minutes, and you won't have to pay the parking lot toll.The old Bartell Drugs (across from Westlake Center) - last time I was there, I was able to stock up on Mackintosh's Toffee, Aero bars, and if memory serves, there were a fair amount of other CDN chocolate bars...  It's been awhile, so this reminds me... I should make a trip sometime soon. :)
<review# 2819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2006,5/17/2006,14,415,3,1,2>the food is crap but i dont care! i want summer and i want it now! and i will be living here with my fufu flaming fruity alcholic beverage untill i can go out side without rain boots.
<review# 2820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2006,5/15/2006,44,309,,2,2>If you haven't been here you're missing one of Kirkland's best kept secrets...This place has truly great food. I believe that two brothers own the place, I remember two years ago when they closed for a month so they could put in a very nice tile floor. They did the work themselves, and when they reopened they started up dinner service. It is a nice atmosphere, ethnic music, great smells and VERY nice people that own/run the place. My favorite Panini is the shrimp, I think it's the #4. They have dips, mucver (zucchini pancakes), dolmas, panini, Turkish pastries, baklava, and sutlac (rice pudding).GO there! It's only about 3 minutes off of 405 south.
<review# 2821,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2006,5/13/2006,23,102,1,2,2>the ambiance is different at dinner than at breakfast, but those huge windows are still there and you are still about 5 feet abve street level which feels kind of different than usual, and it has a kind of special feel that i can't describe.  Crave is fancy food served casually, and it's all food fit for a "must be pleased" diner.  Shitake mac n cheese sounds good, or try the mole braised Lamb shank, slide it off the bone like a beautiful woman's clothes.  The kitchen was happy to substitute the sides that normally come with the steak (Yukon mashers, green beans) for  the lamb sides (onion, peppers, and polenta cake) . Which somhow brings me to the breakfast.  If you scroll down and look at the reviews featuring lower ratings  for Crave, you'll notice these are largely for the breakfast menu.  I  too had a less than average breakfast experience here.  the homefries (like most seattle eateries) sucked.  some food was cold, and  the portions were off, and DONT get me started on those nasty polenta cakes! (leftovers from the lamb dish?) that said, try the DUTCH BABIES.  they are served with carmelized apples, but i shun them (first i asked for them on the side, now its just plain babies for me--UPDATE--- these are not very good.   sunglasses may be required for the late breakfaster, those windows are glary!
<review# 2822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2006,5/12/2006,52,101,1,2,2>Yunnie was one of the first shops to sell bubble tea on the Ave and they are still my favorite. The inside of the store is brightly painted, well lit, and there are always interesting shows and videos from all different parts of Asia on the TVs. The staff is friendly, the service is quick and the bubble tea is damn tasty! For all of you Westerners who are creeped out by the tapioca, get over it! Yes, chunky drinks are a little weird to those of us used to tea, coffee, and soda, but there is a whole world a quirky taste sensations awaiting you if you can just make the jump!
<review# 2823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2006,5/11/2006,10,82,3,5,5>I'd heard it was a good place to take kids and that the food was "pretty good."  But last night the cook must have been ON because it was was really, really good!  Hi Life's menu features standard dishes on the left side and a seasonal 'theme' menu that changes ever few months on the right side.  Four of us took on the family-style Moroccan theme, and we grubbed on moist, flavorful halibut with veggies and some really great middle eastern style lamb over couscous.  Had good beer and a great bottle of wine.  The brocolini side was perfectly cooked if a little underseasoned.  The dinner salad was also top notch-- I detected a little rose water in the dressing: innovative!  As far as being good for kids, well, they do supply you with crayons and a colorable place mat.  My kid was still too wild and I shovelled food between his escape attempts.  Perhaps no place is great for a 2 year old.  This may be controversial, but I prefer Hi-Life over its cousin the Coastal Kitchen, which I find too cramped and noisy.
<review# 2824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2006,5/9/2006,17,88,,4,2>WHOA, you want some grub Med. food in a cozy neighborhood setting with great customer service and hefty portions??!! You got it!!Just take a stroll down to the heart of Greenwood (85th and Greenwood) and head on in to Mr. Gyro's, a tiny little hole-in-the-wall that has some of the best tasting Gyros I have tasted in Seattle! If you go with the platter, be prepared to do some eatin', cuz' this thing is no joke. We're talking a TON of food here and only for roughly seven dollars!! The guys that run the place are always friendly and really go out of their way to conversate and make sure you are happy. The only warning I have is to those that don't like to get cozy with others when they eat. Mr. Gyro's is super tiny, and if you get 5-6 people in there eating, things get a bit tight!Don't let this keep you from trying this great eatery; they get tons of to go orders, too! I can't say enough about this place, the food, the service and the price for portions. It is one of my absolute favorite neighborhood spots!
<review# 2825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2006,5/8/2006,317,792,3,4,3>If you've picked over the shelves at Archie McPhee's, then head on over to Schmancy for stuff even Archie doesn't have. Yes, that's possible. Tiny store with toys you'll want to keep for yourself instead of giving them to kids. I had to have the plush stuffed doughnuts. They're the size of a real doughnut and from 10 feet away or so they look like the real thing. I don't know why I had to have it, I just did. Maybe to remind me what not to eat if I want to wear shorts in the summer. The vinyl dolls are the kind gauranteed to give a 5 year old nightmares, so unless you're sick and twisted, keep them for yourself, in which case you just have an offbeat sense of humor. Fun stop.
<review# 2826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2006,5/7/2006,16,24,2,2,1>I can't count how many times I've been to this joint on my fingers and toes...There is just so much to love about it, from its beautiful interior with wood booths, the hand drawn pictures and descriptions of menu items, and the faint smell of grease you'd experience at a gritty down home diner. The ramen is especially good, and even though they do not tout the miso black cod as a specialty, it is a very good dish, and one i order frequently. The fried rice served is quite inspiring, and a testament to their down home, thrifty family owned roots. You will also not find a more temperature hot Nabe in the whole god damned city.One not so good thing is the piece of ham on the side salad, whats up with that?
<review# 2827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2006,5/6/2006,472,197,1,5,6>This place is fun, safe, and beautiful.  My dive was in late afternoon in September where I was at 12,500 ft and saw the moon rise and sun set at the same time...awesome!  Different instructors have different senses of humor, if it's your first time, make it clear that bad jokes are not funny.  I lucked out and had a great partner for tandem who was funny, not daunting.  He kept me brave and got me out the door!  You get a cert at the end of your jump and can have it video taped!  Try em out!  They've been around for a long time.  Go with friends (4 or more) to get a better rate.  Enjoy!
<review# 2828,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2007,12/18/2007,150,597,11,11,11>Warning: I'm going to go a little pizza science geek on this one.Just as matter exists in multiple states, solid, liquid, gas, etc., so does pizza exist in three separate states: fresh, reheated and cold. I shall review this pizza chain in all three.Fresh: I tried the philly cheesesteak pizza and was surprised to find that it actually did taste fairly close to a cheese steak. The toppings are moderate in amount, but this pizza is mostly dominated by cheese. This resembles eating a cheesy breadstick with onion, green pepper, mushroom and steak garnishes. It's a pretty thin pizza and the crust is moderately flexible. The crust is not too hard in the fresh state.Cold: Holds up rather well actually. A good low maintenance meal for those slightly hung-over mornings where you're trying to remember what you did last night and just aren't up to cooking a seven course breakfast. Really, that could mean every morning for me.Reheated: Sadly it suffers a bit in this regard. The cheese reheats rather well, but the crust is a bit hard the second time through. In pizza science terms, it lies somewhere between the malleability of tin and the tensile strength of tungsten.Overall, this is a respectable, although not overwhelming pizza. Does ok on taste but a few extra toppings and a little more oomph to the dough wouldn't hurt. Crust is an issue on reheating. They're open 7 days a week from 11 am to 11 pm. Listed delivery range is Ballard/West Woodland/Sunset Hill/Loyal Heights/Whittler Heights. Prices range from $12.99 up to 20.99 for an XL.Which brings up one rant: They give their specialty pizza sizes as M/L/XL. Where did the small go? It reminds me of the movie "This is Spinal Tap" where they have the amplifiers going up to 11. Just like how Paradise Pizza shifted the pizza sizes larger up to XL. Why not go with the conventional S/M/L and just make the large a little bigger? Is there some sort of Pizza International Standards Subcommittee (yes, tragic acronym) that quantifies and mandates pizza sizes?
<review# 2829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,12/17/2007,601,289,10,8,8>Stars AlignedAccording to Steve Pool, (and Steve Pool's fro) Seattle averages out to only 58 sunny days in a year.  On the day that I went to capitol club, it was 1/58 of those fabulous, gorgeous, breath taking, picturesque day in seattle. I have been to about... 70 different bars in my life and of those 70 bars, only 3 ever served hoegarden.  Hoegarden is this amazing white german beer that is God's goodness.  Not only is the name funny as it conjures up a forget-me-not image, it is tasty.  You know, the beer that just goes down because it's so smooth and so good? (no pun intended)  Yeah, it's like that.  Out of about 10,000 different restaurants that I have frequented in my life, I have never tried Saffron xxx.  (I don't remember the name).  Moreso, it tasted delicious.  so 1/10,000One of the biggest rarity was that I looked pretty cute that day, so 1/100,000  So if I did my caculations correctly, that means that my experience at capitol club was truly 1 in a million.  :)  hence, the four stars.  BUT i do think that it's awesome that they serve hoegarden and it was only 2.50 a glass during happy hour!!  Also, their saffron xxx was only 5 bux!  SHWING!  In addition to their delicious food and beer, they had a balcony that made you feel as if you're in Rome.  It's a great place to people watch!
<review# 2830,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2007,12/16/2007,13,59,25,23,13>Crystal F's Top Five Ferry Tips:5. Tips for walking on in Seattle: 1: If you have a credit card and don't want to wait in line at the ticket counter, you can use one of the self serve kiosks to buy your ticket.  2: When running your card through the turnstile card reader, keep in mind the barcode faces away from you.  It won't work any other way.  3: Rolling luggage and strollers can't pass through the turnstiles.  There are gates that can accommodate them both on the extreme left and right of the loading area.  In their infinite wisdom, WSF decided to post only one tiny sign stating this fact.4. Alternatively, if you drive your car onto the ferry, please disarm your alarm BEFORE you head upstairs.  The vibration of the vessel sets off car alarms.  Not only do car alarms annoy people who are snoozing in their cars (the sound reverberates throughout the car deck), it disrupts my nap on the passenger deck when they have to make an announcement asking you to return to your car to turn the alarm off.  You don't want to do the walk of shame to turn off your alarm, believe me.  Hint: your car isn't going anywhere, unless it's like a hovercraft or something.  3. There are plenty of guidebooks to Seattle that recommend taking a ferry for a cheap scenic cruise of Puget Sound.  It is indeed very scenic, but don't take the 4:40, 5:30 or 6:30 pm sailings from Seattle to Bainbridge Island, unless you want a scenic view of thousands of grumpy commuters.  Hot Tip: Take the ferry to Bremerton.  Not only is it twice as long for the same price (more for your money!), but you won't get in my way or sit in my seat.2. If you ignore my advice at #3, decide to take a peak commute ferry, and sit down only to find someone giving you looks that could kill, that means you sat in someone's seat.  Ferry commuters are infamously possessive of their seats - many commuters have been sitting in the same seat day after day for decades.  Not much advice on how to deal with it, only that I told you so.  In a similar vein, people start lining up to get off the boat halfway through the trip so that they can catch their bus on the other side.  It's fun to yell "I'm king of the world!" while standing at the bow, but I recommend doing it during the first 20 minutes or so.  Having to fight through a crowd of commuters so that you can head back down to your car is not fun at all.1. And finally, please do not leave your luggage, backpack, drug paraphernalia, or suspicious-looking package unattended.  Again, the unnecessary announcement asking you to return to it wakes me up from my nap.  Worse, if you accidentally leave it on the ferry, the resultant freakout from the WSP/Homeland Security/Coast Guard will cause backups that will stretch into the next century.Thanks and enjoy your trip
<review# 2831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2007,12/15/2007,317,792,12,10,13>O Holy mother 'a catfish luvin god in heaven, please forgive me, for I have sinned. I always thought it was a little severe to list gluttony as one of the seven deadlies, but I understand now. You were trying to save me from myself. And the brunch buffet at Joanna's. Well, it's too late now.I really loved the fried catfish bits and the cheesy grits and the collard greens and the macaroni and cheese and the peach cobbler. I really liked the potatoes and the dish they call "jambalaya" that looks and tastes exactly like the "red rice and sausage" my neighbor in Georgia taught me to cook. The mac 'n cheese was spiced - something you don't see much of in Seattle. The cornbread was ok, the red velvet cake too dry. But the real winner wasn't even part of the buffet. Since it took until halfway through the meal to get a glass of water or a cup of coffee, the flustered but friendly waiter brought out complimentary plates of waffles and syrup. Oh my. The waffles are amazing. Crisp on the outside, meltingly light on the inside. I'm dreaming about what the Chicken and Waffles they serve at dinner time must be like.I think this is a good deal at $19 for a true Southern home cooked buffet in a no-frills atmosphere. It really felt like being back in Savannah. And since my soul is doomed anyway, I might as well go back.
<review# 2832,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2007,12/11/2007,182,206,47,14,26>I'm really fucking hungover, I woke up to the sound of my best friend puking, I was late to work, I'm scared to look in my sent text message folder, my camera is broken, there's mustard on my dress from eating a hot dog outside, I'm missing an earring, I have a big bruise on my leg, I got a transvestite's number for some reason, I found $2 and my "missing" coat check ticket in my bra, I'm a bit creeped out by the man who looked like Robert Smith that followed us for 3 blocks last night and grateful my friend was driving nearby and picked us up... Just another 80's night at Neighbours!
<review# 2833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,12/10/2007,5000,240,36,40,37>Sure you can get a good torta at most Mexican restaurants/taco bus in the city, but it isn't a torta from Barriga Llena!  Tortas are their specialty and they do them well.  The sandwiches are served hot and are a lot like Panini.  If you are looking for tacos, burritos or arroz con pollo - move along.  I must admit that I don't know much Spanish and when I looked at the menu, it all looked Greek to me!  I kept asking my friend what this and that meant, but there were some things she didn't know.  The owner seeing all this offered a Rosetta Stone of sorts - a laminated sheet detailing what the items meant in English.  Whew, thank goodness!On that trip I had the Barrigona, which consists of the normal sandwich items like lettuce, onion, fresh avocado and tomato with:  chorizo (spicy sausage), pierna (pork leg), salchicha (sausage/hot dog), milanesa (breaded steak) and queso (cheese).  I opted out of the milanesa and salchicha and the sandwich was still awesome!  When eating in, you will get a tray of pickled jalapenos and carrots and a small bowl of Chipotle sauce.  The Chipotle sauce looks like it is mixed with Sambal (Asian chili sauce), but you use this mixture to slather onto your torta which makes it super tasty!  For to-go orders, you will get just the Chipotle sauce and no pickled items.  Subsequent trips led me to other favorites:  Espanola and Hawaiiana.  Espanola consists of chorizo (spicy sausage), huevo (egg) and quesillo (cheese).  Hawaiiana was what I thought it was - jamon (ham), pina (pineapple) and quesillo (cheese).  So to recap some of the Spanish I have learned (some I already knew) while visiting Barriga Llena:Jamon = HamMilanesa = Breaded SteakSalchicha = Sausage/Hot DogPierna = Pork LegHuevo = EggPavo = TurkeyCarne Asada = SteakPollo = ChickenQueso/Quesillo = CheeseThis review has been brought to you by the letter "T" for TASTY!!!CASH ONLYUPDATE:  12/11/07Barriga Llena can take payment by card!  So go wherever Visa takes you!
<review# 2834,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2007,12/8/2007,367,192,44,27,33>I used to live in LA. You're probably thinking this is where I start talking about how the San Diego Los Angeles, and San Francisco Zoo's are so much better than the Seattle one. No that's not what made this zoo a piece of crap. What sucked about the zoo was all the freaking violence. We needed some time to kill on a late Sunday morning so we decided to brave the crowds on the zoo's busiest day. So we pay the admission which is $15 per adult and $4 parking that I think is pretty reasonable. But as soon as we get in we notice something. WTF is everyone. This place is dead... its motherfocking dead and it's a sunny Sunday morning. Why was this place empty? Yes they had the standard exhibits: giraffes, penguins..etc... but that's it. The food and drink prices were at the usual zoo standards. But then I found out this place was shadier than Charlie Sheen at the upcoming Hump Festival. First I walked into an empty corner. But I probably trespassed on some nutty gang territory because out of nowhere this freaking CRAZEE squirrel attacks us.  When I saw attacked I'm not talking about Ladi DA being attacked by a coworker. I'm talking about a full out rabies infested rage fest. This squirrel had it for me. I snapped a photo of the SOB and we hauled ass out of there yelp.com/biz_photos/5mPS…Trying to get to safety I ran to the penguin exhibit... because well I saw the movie March of the Penguins and Morgan Freeman told me that the penguins were nice. So we're trying to catch our breath and realize that there are a lot of damn sea gulls in every animal exhibit. One Penguin had it and there was a Seagull vs. Penguin showdown. No butterfly knives were involved but there were a lot of sqwacking and gang signs thrown. I moved out of LA for this reason but who knew that the gang violence had drifted down to penguins in the Seattle Zoo too!  yelp.com/biz_photos/5mPS…We then took off and saw other exhibits. The elephants seemed somewhat peaceful and the birds were showing off all their gangs colors and tried to crap all over us. But right when we were getting bored a noticed that there were a lot of wasps in the area. I hate wasps because one attacked me as a child and stung me multiple times until I agreed that the area by the chimney was going to be his gang territory. Luckily this time the gang fight was between two wasps.. Here's photo of the best zoo exhibit ever. Round 1: Both wasps struggle to get on top yelp.com/biz_photos/5mPS… Round 2. The Crip Wasp gets the upper hand on the Blood Wasp yelp.com/biz_photos/5mPS… Round 3: The Crips ensure that the Bloods will never come back  yelp.com/biz_photos/5mPS… againI thought zoos' were for children. In fact this zoo had some exhibits for children like bug world and a few playgrounds. The petting zoo was a real disappoint with only 3 animals being held on a leash. The worst part was that there was this one retarded kid that couldn't get his fat ass through the worm crawl. I took a photo of him so if you see him around make sure you beat his stupid ass because at one point he got stuck. static.px.yelp.com/photo…The violence... so not PG-13. Anyways like Al Pacino in the Godfather I tried to leave LA and the gangsta Komodo dragon pulled me back in. After watching all the violence I joined the giraffe gang  had to kick his ass!  static.px.yelp.com/photo…  This place is so much worse than living in a Grand Theft Auto universe!The zoo is decent but not great. There were more disappointments than highlights. Feeding the birds was fun but really the risk of being pooped on was barely worth holding a stick of bird food and making clicking noises... because we all know that clicking noises is what attracts birds. yelp.com/biz_photos/5mPS…Being an immature adult I know that my nieces would be vastly disappointed of Uncle Dfens took them here. I would probably have to bribe them with 10 boxes of Snickers, Mike & Ike's and Lemonheads so that they wouldn't cry in disappointment. I should know because that's how many boxes of candy I had to take to get over my own disappointment.
<review# 2835,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/26/2007,12/7/2007,141,930,27,21,10>Yes for those wondering I am still alive but no thanks to Virginia Mason Emergency Room. Anyone who knows me knows I'm a klutz and can 'break' myself just about any way humanly possible.  But what most find amazing is up until this past October I haven't been to an Emergency Room since right before I started third grade.  I'm lucky when I 'break' myself I can normally suck up the pain and wait to see my primary care.  This time I wasn't so lucky.See I mistook my finger for a piece of broccoli, don't ask me how because my finger is not green.  Anyways I lacerated (ER term) it pretty bad, it wouldn't stop bleeding so I did what any Seattleite would do I went to webmd.com to see what they suggest.  Their suggestion was to seek medical assistance immediately.  So I drove myself up to Virginia Mason.  Now I've always been pleased with Virginia Mason, everyone I've seen has always been nice, caring and pleasant, all things you want from someone in the medical field, so I thought it would be a good pick.  I walk into the ER and to my left are two security guards speaking to each other in a foreign language very loudly.  I see no one sitting down and the place in empty, I'm confused not sure what to do and my finger is bleeding profusely (another ER term).  I look at the security guards but they ignore me and carry on with their conversation.  I take a few more steps in and finally see the admitting desk, am asked a gazillion questions and for my insurance card and given a form to fill out.  I finish and sit down and wait.  I wait and wait and wait and wait, there's no on in the lobby and a bunch of nurse like looking people chit chatting but I continue to read my book and hold my finger hoping it would soon stop bleeding, no such luck.  Finally they call a name, it's not mine.  No wait it is they just butchered my name like I did my finger, heh.  The nurse who takes my vital is not a happy camper, sorry lady I didn't realize my kitchen mishap was going to ruin your night.  Anyways she's done with me, gives me a new wrap for the finger and sends to someone else who needs to put all my information into the computer again.  This takes forever since the girl is new.  She finishes up with me and sends me back to the waiting room.I sit and wait some more and read some more than am yelled at by a totally new lady, "do you realize miss you have a co-pay?"  "Why yes I do realize I have a co-pay it's stated on my insurance card which you have all seen and taken a photo copy of."  "Well you need to pay your co-pay now."  I had to laugh at this because in my mind I'm thinking what if I came in unconscious or with a limb chopped off would they make me pay my co-pay before they started treating me?  Anyways I walk over to the desk plop down my debit card and let them charge me my $100 ER co-pay.  But get this no sooner had I made the payment then they escorted be back to a room.  Mental note to self next time a visit to the ER is needed offer money for services first!So I get to my room and I have a 'student' doctor who seems nervous and unsure of herself.  Great I get a rookie lucky me.  She inspects the finger, 2 plus hours later, it's still bleeding with no sign of stopping.  She's looking and asking questions that make no sense to me than out of no where another lady appears, she's her 'teacher' for the evening I guess.  She steps in and does the same things, asks the same sort of questions does some weird test with a mutilated paper clip than told me to lie down on the bed.  Needless to say I wasn't too happy that a rookie was going to be stitching me up but it was just my finger so I sucked it up and let her play doctor to my finger only because the 'teacher' doctor was next to her watching every move.  I walked out over 2 hours later with a wrap on my finger which made it look like an albino penis and five stitches resembling something you might have seen on Frankenstein.  Hence the new nickname for my left index finger, Frankenstein finger not index finger.  Anyways I wasn't all that pleased with my ER experience though they did stitch me up and finally stop the bleeding but I'm now left with a not so pretty scar on my finger that I'm not happy with, but I'm sure like most of my scars it will grow on me.
<review# 2836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2006,12/6/2007,49,119,9,38,23>The Samarya Center is Seattle's best kept yoga secret.I love Capitol Hill yoga classes ... but at some studios it feels like style and hipness reign over actual, well, YOGA. And with classes costing $12-$15, yoga becomes a luxury lifestyle item that only richies can afford more than once a week.What's awesome about Samarya (which is in the Central District on Yesler & 18th) is that it's a nonprofit. Classes are cheap ($8!!!) and although the teachers are totally punk rock and awesome, there's none of that I'M A YOGA TEACHER, LA LA LA LOOK AT ME!! vibe that I've gotten other yoga spots in town.They do a lot of Ashtanga classes, which I really enjoy because they're active, sweaty, and long. $8 for almost 2 hours of yoga? Yes, please!I also really like that during the day Samarya focuses on yoga for developmentally disabled kids and adults. They also do yoga workshops for people who are grieving. At Samarya, yoga's really about helping people ... not just about making the already-limber folks even more limber and enlightened. There's also a free community class every Saturday morning. FREE FREAKING YOGA, people. So, in summary:$8 classesFree class Saturday morningPunk-rock teachersAwesome Ashtanga classesWhy isn't this place packed? I think it's just because they're in the Central District instead of Capitol Hill. Yoga hipsters, it is worth the trek a few blocks south. Seriously.
<review# 2837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2007,12/5/2007,40,39,12,8,9>One afternoon 6 years ago, I got done with my finals and felt free like a bird, no, freeer than a bird, and thought I had all the time I want to do whatever I want and wherever I want. My ex asked me what I wanted to do, I said "I don't know, just drive, straight." And so we did, away from UW...going...driving...going...guess what I found? That has got to be one of the most relaxing afternoon I've had. We laid there for hours, listening to the water, kids laughing around us, and poking each other.And then there was a time I felt asleep on another ex, in the sun. Then I started dreaming about myself being suffocated. Turns out my face was buried in his chest. Yes, it's a great place to fall asleep at. And then...there was this other time, I lost my phone after a bonfire. After scouting in the darkness with a dinky flashlight, mystery man rowed up in a boat with mobile device in hand, and asked if I had lost my cell phone. I don't think I saw his face. Yes, fun stuff. Thank you mystery man.OK, fine. Real review...One of my favorite summer spots, when it's not crowded by obnoxious college kids and inconsiderate smokers. Nothing beats a relaxing afternoon with a magazine, and few bottles of cold bee...arr...water!I love listening to the water and little kids' laughter. Perfect place for bonfire on a good night.I'd skip the hot dogs at the little store, I will spare you and the owner the details, but if you trust me then just don't. Have a Popsicle! ;)
<review# 2838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,12/9/2013,340,758,12,18,19>WHY have I been paying so much money for cruises around Seattle all these years? I have no idea. One day, while hanging at the Fremont Sunday Market, I looked out on the water and saw a boat floating by - the Fremont Sunday Ice Cream Cruise. What the hell is that? I checked it out online and decided to go one day. The boat docks right in front of MOHAI, which was very convenient for us. On a Sunday, street parking is free and Lake Union Park provides a place to chill. It was a beautiful day to be on the water and luckily, the line wasn't too busy to get on the boat. For 2 adults and 1 child, we paid $29. Great price for a 45 minute boat ride around Lake Union! There is seating available upstairs, outside, and inside. For awhile, we hung out inside with the windows open to enjoy the view. There are cute tables in there with boards painted on them so you can play checkers. The captain gave a tour as we went around the lake pointing out everything from houseboats, to Gas Works Park, to Dale Chihuly's studio. He offered little tidbits of information that I wouldn't seek out but were cool to hear. Let's not forget why it's called an "ice cream" cruise! Root beer floats are the thing! They're nothing fancy but it's a really nice treat. In addition to a few different kinds of floats, you can also get canned sodas and chips. I believe the captain said in the colder months, drinks like hot chocolate are available. This was a great way for us to end the weekend. Very fun, very relaxing, and cheap.
<review# 2839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,12/8/2013,76,510,5,11,10>Worth the hype.My tendency to over-plan and arrive early for things had me standing in front of Salumi, first in line, with 30mins to go. After I texted my friend to hurry up and get here because I felt weird standing here alone, person #2 showed up and steadily the line grew to a couple dozen by the time they opened.We had strategized our order while waiting in line and it wound up being all 3 hot sandwiches (meatball, porchetta, lamb) and then I alone would take home the cold muffo sandwich plus their cured meats plate.Now, I had argued with people for many years as to whether a meatball sandwich is actually a sandwich. It's just meat and sauce..in bread, that makes a sandwich? I wasn't convinced, until I took my first bite of Salumi's meatball sandwich. *Heaven* They use this tasty buttery/herb spread before adding two large and fluffy meatballs with tomato sauce. The bread was crusty, and a bit hard to eat, however I made it through (it helped to deconstruct it a bit). The porchetta was overstuffed in a tasty pocket bread (guiseppe). I wound up eating the spillage and taking most of my half home. A few days later, I quickly microwaved it (to warm the insides) and then toasted it in my grill (to crisp the bread) and it was still delicious.The lamb sandwich was disappointing. The ciabatta bread was very dense and too much for the lamb slices and roasted red peppers/onions. I initially went the open face route (tossed the top bun) but even the bottom was too much bread. The lamb was tender and had an OK lamb flavor, but otherwise the sandwich wasn't very exciting. There was no sauce or spread (aside from the small bit of lamb and onion/pepper juice), making it very dry. Perhaps if they used the guiseppe bread and added a bit more flavor with the juices from the lamb or the peppers, it would stand alongside its other hot sandwich buddies.It took several days for me to work through the cured meats platter. There were 7 different meats and 6 slices each (a hunk of bread came with the order). It was a banquet! The muffo sandwich held up extremely well, and I would easily order it again and know that it would keep for a few days.Heading here is usually something I only do once a year (and this would be the 2nd year of doing so), I may just have to break habit and splurge more often!
<review# 2840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,12/7/2013,204,515,5,6,5>Hole in the wall joints are my specialty.  Bakeman's is definitely that.  I think that is why they got the extra star in my book.  Those folks looking for a nicer ambience will likely give this place a 3 star review.  Very bare bone's  operation here in the basement of one of those gotham city-like buildings in Downtown Seattle.  No frills here.  The sandwiches are on the cheap.  I went with the meatloaf sandwich and its literally something you would make if you a desperately hungry in your dorm room or say raiding the fridge late at night.  Pretty simple sliced bread (no fancy ciabatta rolls or crusty breads here friends), simple toppings (mayo, mustard, onions, cheese) wrapped up in wax paper. Meatloaf was tasty, hint of some cumin or chili powder. For $4.25 its definitely affordable.  The stand out was the soups here ($2.25).  The turkey noodle soup had real pulled turkey dark meat in it and the mushroom soup was also very, very good.   Nice low drag place to grab a quick bite if you are in the area
<review# 2841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/6/2013,145,356,14,9,8>Getting someone to cut my laughably small lawn is like hiring a monkey butler to dress me in the morning - frivolous.  But while letting a monkey with a Fez hat and an organ grinder see me stark naked will land me in animal cruelty jail, hiring people to cut my lawn is entirely acceptable, especially while fully dressed.Seattle Gardening has been trimming my depressed lawn for over 10 years and have always been fast, efficient and reasonably priced.  They mow and edge my lawn so well it puts my neighbors to shame. There's nothing better than seeing other people's raggedy lawns in the summer, while mine stands pristine and proud.  The beauty of my lawn makes up for my never being invited to my neighborhood block party every year.  (It's all potato salad, anyway.)The areas which can't be mowed (ie. Weeds) they took the initiative to weed whack.  They even haul away my yard waste once in a while without charge.  Their prices are in line with other gardening companies.  The only unfortunate thing is that they don't do other lawn stuff, like pulling weeds or pretending to be a little boy peeing statue in my yard, during Halloween and other religious holidays.
<review# 2842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/5/2013,232,382,8,9,8>Manhattan has a good happy hour every day plus all evening on Mondays!  The HH prices are great and the menu includes seafood and a delicious burger.  Even though I was having excellent conversation with my friends, I was constantly distracted by the Black & White movies on the wall.  And while that was a bit annoying, it could be useful for meeting some specific people here just so you can watch those B&W movies while acting like you're paying attention to them.  Seriously though, the movies contribute a lot to the classy ambiance of this bar.  The overall experience is very pacific northwesty and the bartenders were friendly each time I've gone, so that makes me a fan!
<review# 2843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,12/4/2013,645,1150,11,20,16>This was one the best dinners we've had in a long time.    Service was warm, flawless and abundant.The restaurant's wall art is amazing - and there's lots to see.  I thought it was cool in the men's room that there were two little mirrors whimsically attached to the wall (by metal accordian arms) next to the main mirror over the sink. You know those mirrors, the ones that that allow you to manipulate them so that you can see the back of your head.  The drinks menu overflows with thirty plus mezcal options, and nearly as many tequila and cerveza choices.  Sotol is available.  A side note:  pulque, tequila and mezcal are all maguay (agave) plant distillations.  Pulque is a cheap inexpensive raw form of tequila made from agave sap.   Tequila and mezcal are derived from the heart of the agave.  Contrary to legend, mezcal does not possess psychoactive properties.   Agave distillations are categorized according to how long they've been aged.  Blanco has been aged the least, reposado longer and añejo the longest.  The longer the aging, the smoother and darker the finished product.The difference between tequila and mezcal is a little more arcane.  Per Mexican law, tequila can only be called tequila if it is derived from blue agave, which is grown in the state of Jalisco.  Mezcal can be derived from any variety of agave.  Still, they're essentially the same liquor.And then there's sotol.  It's also made from agave, but specifically from agave grown in Chihuahua.  Sotol is the state drink of Chihuahua.  Chihuahua is an interesting state.  Part of the state is a high elevation plain, similar to Idaho.  Yes, this is Mexico, but it snows here regularly in the winter.  The plain is farmed and was settled with many Europeans seeking religious independence.  As a result, many of homes and buildings here have a European/Western design. The first word that comes to mind in describing sotol is "smooth".  It sweetly slips down, not burning like tequila. Sotol at Mezcaleria Oaxaca comes in a little bowl along with two lime wedges. Being inexperienced in the ways of tequila, I didn't know what sequence to use the lime wedges.  One wedge was fresh, the other lightly lined with chili and salt.For an appetizer, we picked Chayote con Queso, egg-battered chayote (squash) stuffed with cheese, then fried.  It was outstanding, the best dish of the night.  I ordered the Barbacoa de Cabrito, or more simply, barbecued goat.  The pulled-style meat was delicious.  The side was a wonderful saucy corn (or more accurately, cornbread stuffing-like) dish topped with a ribbon of green salsa and another of red salsa.  JP liked the pozole, noting that Mezcaleria Oaxaca's pozole is generous with the pork.  For dessert we split a dish of toasted plantain strips with a scoop of very good vanilla ice cream.
<review# 2844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,12/3/2013,174,215,8,10,7>My newest fantasy is a bake off between Columbia City and Bakery Nouveau where I am the judge and must do a side-by-side taste test between every quiche, eclair, cupcake, cake, cookie, croissant, brioche, ficelle, focaccia, and french bread. Only then would we know which is the best bakery in Seattle. Until this fat-kid fantasty comes to fruition, I am content saying that Columbia City baked goods are of a quality that is difficult to match in this city. I've eaten many loaves of bread produced here as well as the bostok and the kitchen sink cookie so I am not an expert on everything sold here, but someday I would like to become one.
<review# 2845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,12/2/2013,192,77,10,9,9>OH YES! The Bait Shop has what it takes to keep me going back. THREE  WORDS: Frozen Cocktail Machine! Yes, you read that right, Bait Shop has a Frozen Cocktail Machine. From my understanding they have two on rotation. Rumor has it there's been a frozen Margarita. My question is, how do I get on the notification list for that!? Bait Shop is owned by Linda, of Linda's Tavern also on Capitol Hill. So as expected, it's a little classy and a little trashy. Overall, I was impressed. Plenty of seating. The servers and bartenders were exceptionally helpful, and didn't seem to hate their jobs. First big "I like this place" moment was the comfy high chairs with backs at the bar. They're inviting, they say, "Hey, stay awhile, get comfortable, sip on a frozen cocktail." I say try: A frozen cocktail (duh) : I had the Julius Wallbanger (described as an orange julius with vodka, but I say it tasted more like an orange creamcicle with A LOT of vodka) Roasted pepper stuffed with queso Deviled eggs Fries with stone ground mustard Take your friends, maybe your mum.
<review# 2846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/1/2013,348,385,5,5,6>*smile* This place is so adorable; it seriously warms my heart!I couldn't believe it when I saw an ethnic German/Hungarian restaurant in Lynnwood...I mean, I don't consider this area very "ethnic," if you know what I mean. Nevertheless, I knew I had to try this place...and I've become a regular!It looks like you've stepped into grandma's house. Everything from the knick knack decorations, to the owner sitting behind the cash register on a stool, everything screamed comfort and comfort food. And that's just what you get.The menu changes daily, but every entree comes with a choice of salad or soup and a side (usually spaetzle, rice, or potatoes). I'm a huge fan of the cucumber salad (cucumber slices in vinegar with paprika), beef stroganoff, and lecho (a jambalaya-esque rice dish with spicy sausage, peppers, paprika, and onions). I always go with the spaetzle, because, hello, they actually serve it, and it's amazing! Be sure to save room for dessert, or at a minimum, take it to go! They have the most amazing and tastycakes sweets here. Favorite? Cream puff! They also import German/Hungarian candies, sweets, and ingredients, so be sure to take a look.FYI - this place is closed Mondays! Keep that in mind when you plan a visit. For some reason, I always crave this place on Mondays and go womp womp when I realize it's closed.
<review# 2847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/30/2013,57,264,4,5,4>I got introduced to Spur a month ago as some friends suggested the place for dinner.  I liked it so much that I ended up suggesting it for a dinner with a friend this past weekend.   Under the staples, I tried the salmon crostini, pork belly sliders, tagliatelle pasta with the runny egg, and the burger.  Under seasonal, I tried the gnudi, sausage chick pea, venison tartare, and pork cheeks.  My favorite items were the salmon crostini, tagliatelle pasta, and the burger.  The salmon crostini is kind of expensive $4 for one, but you definitely cannot experience Spur without trying one of them.  They are amazing and seemed to be the favorite item by my dining companions on both my visits.  The burger is my new favorite speciality burger.  It is sooo tasty and the thin fries with herb seasoning that comes with it are fabby!  Also, if you are into runny egg sauces, you will love the tagliatelle.  One of the reasons I was so tempted to come back so soon after my first visit was because I was excited to go back with a dining companion that loved their runny egg as much as I do and it sure did not disappoint! It is on the pricey side, so you feel like you wasted money on some of the items that were soso.  However, for the items that were delicious it was worth it.   On a side note, I eyed the salad on a table nearby, and it looked mighty tempting.
<review# 2848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,12/31/2011,416,153,15,22,20>As you plunge into the whitewaters of the Seattle ghost tour scene, be warned that-just as with the bawdy gold-rush era some of the ghost tales take place in-there's a bit of drama and an air of rivalry. The source of the friction is that Ross and his AGHOST (Advanced Ghost Hunters of Seattle-Tacoma) team, who take ghost-hunting pretty seriously, have been doing these thoughtful and well-researched tours for a few years...and by his claim, they were clearly the first on the scene, until the interloping "Ghost Tours" sprouted up in the very same location, with their proclamatory "THE ORIGINAL!" ad copy and a spookier, more distressed typeface on their sandwich boards. I'm not going to feign neutrality here: There is no competition between these two. Or rather, there should not be. You see, the confusion between these tours is likely not accidental, and it's also unfortunate, because Spooked in Seattle is far and away superior. (Also: quick Cliff's notes for tourists: if you're torn between this tour and the Underground Tour, opt for this one.) But I'm sure the contrasting experience we had with the other tour only deepened our appreciation. Here's how that went down:We arrived at Ye Olde Curiosity Shoppe eight minutes late and they were nowhere in sight. The haunted walk waits for no one! After poking my head inside and asking--and here I can't recall if I specifically said "Spooked in Seattle" or "ghost tour," but I was directed to 1st and Yesler and assured they'd be there for quite a while. Off we fled to the corner in question, and saw the Ghost Tour sandwich boards, as yet unaware that this was not the right tour. This tour consisted of a man gesticulating like a preacher, but I reasoned that some theatrics were surely okay. But as we approached, a woman said, "Trust me. You don't wanna be here." Taken aback, I scanned other faces. Apparently, no one did.It was actually the timing--he began to wrap up very shortly after we arrived--that clued us in that we were on the wrong tour. But we heard enough for my boys to get both bored and miserable, and it ended in talking about Jesus and the afterlife and felt like a strange blend of a country sermon and the stuff the toothless guy yells about in the 7-11 parking lot.  There were a couple of interesting anecdotes but it was just..."off." We soon realized our mistake and got set for the Spooked in Seattle tour, which they were good enough to let us attend after missing our reservation for the first. Armed with a tablet for showing illuminated photographs, an amiable delivery, and a clear knowledge of the subject, Ross led us straight into the stories of creepy locals, such as Seattle's first known female serial killer, a famed practitioner of baaad medicine; a ferry-haunting ghost, a colorful state representative who couldn't be trusted around coconuts, an irritable banker annoyed with the poor ventilation, an artist's graceful (though accidental) plunge to death, and a couple of mischievous dead children. Throughout it all, we were shown photos, and occasionally archival video of the incidents in question, and (especially cool) heard EVP recordings Ross' team had gathered, ostensibly audio of the ghosts saying a phrase or a name here or there. Whether you're convinced or not, it's more fun to believe it when there's evidence!We took a ghost tour in Victoria B.C and really liked it, but compared to this one it was dry and academic. This one, at least in part due to the media, feels much more engaged and visceral. But an unexpected bonus, for me, was seeing things anew in not just a city, but a neighborhood, that I ought to know by now. The Merchant's Cafe; how had I never ducked in there? It's insane...a red glow within, then narrow stairs down to a basement chamber, then, within that, a strange, dollhouse-like padlocked (yet fully stocked) bar...whoa. (As we were leaving the joint, we saw five men dressed nearly identically like postcard cowboys. They were not, as best we could determine, dead.) Then there's the Arctic Club. How many workdays did I stroll past that place and never notice the row of beautifully carved walrus heads below every window of the fifth floor? Maybe we could all stand to see our own city as the tourists do every now and then.
<review# 2849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,12/30/2011,557,196,9,8,7>yes I'm down with the Facing East Movement, adding to the 450 reviews..definitely one of my favorite spots in Bellevue.Bottom line this place is hella good and not sure if Seattle has something like this..  I go with - the pork buns, usually do one per person.  Crackin Pork belly w/ cilantro, pea nuts, spices on hum boa.- braised pork over rice- String Beans- spare ribs- chinese spinach in garlic- clams- pig ear salad was solid but may not be for some.- lamb dish is decent, strong after taste though but has greens.- shaved ice desert (HUGE...thats what she said)that should be sufficient.  Please enjoy, this is one of my favorite spots in Bellevue and I always take my colleagues... avoid -sesame noodlespancake
<review# 2850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,12/29/2011,942,857,9,9,6>I am so happy and so sad I found this place! So happy that I found delicious adobo around the corner from my work, but sad that my waistline will hate me for eating adobo juice rice!!! seriously, asian sauce with rice is seriously one of my favorite things to eat. crack an egg over easy and I will be done for it! btw, try out their chicken wing surprise!! (two options of their chicken wings, and ate lei will chose one for you) it's amazing!!!!! I did not get the curry one, but I am glad she gave me the regular adobo type chicken wings. it made me super happy, and a happy dance was in order.I knew it was good because I wasn't even hungry, and my bf made me try it out. After a lot of huffing and puffing that there wasn't any good filopino food around, he had me sold. Damn him, and his way around seattle! well, try out the adobo here, and do not discredit it by it's name. it's hard not to, but they just can't change the name. I would pay for it to be changed but whatever!!! just try it outtell ate lei I said hi!!!! she's not my ate because I am vietnamese, but once you sit down on the counter top,  you'll feel right at home and she can be your ate too!! :)
<review# 2851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,12/28/2011,273,665,13,10,13>I came here to ogle the cute girl behind the counter. I'll come back for the biscuits. Don't get me wrong, the girl is super cute, but she's not really my type. Now the biscuits, they're my type. I would suggest covering whatever you order in gravy. Everything is better with gravy. Get here early! The biscuits are good, and they run out. Also, the restaurant is really small and probably only sits about 10-15 people. This place is super cute, and the cute girl behind the counter is super sweet too. But, in the end, all I care about is biscuits.
<review# 2852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,12/27/2011,739,630,15,13,15>I've heard good things about Ezell's Chicken for a long time. Finally, I was able to try it with my sister!The location in Lake City is easy to find. It's just in a plaza next to a Starbucks. Parking can be limited since it's shared with Starbucks. The decor is similar to other fried chicken fast food restaurants with even more uncomfortable tables and chairs. However, the food definitely makes up for it.I am not really a white-meat person. I ordered two pieces of dark meat. It was good, good seasoning and moist. The sides (I had mashed potato and cole slaw) are good sides with proper portion. I love the fact even I didn't eat excessively, I still had a food coma. After eating, I backed into a wall and broke my bumper :-| So, what I recommend is to order take-out. "Eat and Drive responsively" :-)
<review# 2853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,12/26/2011,466,877,12,17,14>Okay, Silver Spoon is now officially my favorite Thai place. I feel lucky that it's so convenient for me to go after work!The restaurant is beautiful and each and every employee is so nice and friendly. The food is amazing. I love the fresh rolls, Panang Curry, Pad See Ew, and Pad Thai. The appetizers are good sized and they are generous with their side sauces. For me, a 4 star (very hot) is perfect for me while a 3 star (hot) is not hot enough. Prices are on par with other Thai places I think. What truly sets Silver Spoon apart from other casual restaurants is the live piano music and dinner. The soothing background music adds a lot to the dining experience. I love it!
<review# 2854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,12/25/2011,213,757,13,17,16>Mmmm.... Gorgonzola Gnocchi.Ah yes, Cafe Vignole. Solid 4 1/2 stars. Im sure this will hit 5 in no time. You walk in and think you are being welcomed by an extra from the Sopranos. This guy's accent is thick (and so is  his chest hair). But he is friendly, attentive, and the quintessential Italian. He''ll make you feel like you are at home.(Gorgonzola Gnocchi.)This place is small, but very cute.  Granted I was part of a large UYE party (about 25 of us...I think?) so the seating arrangements were banquet table like. Im sure on a less auspicious occasion with a smaller party the seating would be spacious and comfortable. Given the fact I was nestled right next to a large group of yelpers, I can't complain about tight quarters. The other diners looked more than fine.(Gorgonzola Gnocchi.)I also have to say I love how this place is decorated. You have semi-dim lighting over all sorts of custom artwork that we will call...eclectic. Zombies getting eaten by a giant fish? A super skinny chicken? More fish and some interesting looking portraits? It's all there and it is all great. (Gorgonzola Gnocchi.) Then the food! The food!!! I was lucky enough to be treated to a "family style" meal when basically all the "big dishes" from the menu were served. A brilliant pear salad. Flavorful ribs that fell off the bone! I picked that sucker clean (and I don't normally like ribs). A wonderful white fish sauteed in some sort of citrus and capers. It was moist and firm and delicious. Ravioli with a surprisingly flavorful and yummy marinara. And my favorite, the Gorgonzola Gnocchi. They were perfect little potato pillows drenched in plate-licking good gorgonzola cream sauce and topped with walnuts. I could eat that every day for the rest of my life and be happy. (Fat....but happy).And don't forget dessert!  The owner was kind enough to give us a sample tray -- with an amazing tiramisu, and lovely red velvet cake, and the star treat; the black-eyed pea cake. It is what everyone says it is - spicy, sweet, and not too rich.  A definite must have.My only complaint was the service was slow -- but there were 25 of us. We always had water and bread at the table, so we weren't overlooked -- I think the kitchen just had troubles keeping up.Im planning on going back very soon. Cuz I want some more of that gorgonzola gnocchi.
<review# 2855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,12/24/2011,205,135,10,13,10>Japonessa is BOMB-DIDDLY-OM.  It's everything you want in a Japanese sushi place.  Excellent food, fabulous prices, with tip-top service, PLUS just the right amount of SWANK!  This is the hippest sushi joint in Seattle!Japonessa has great sushi, with lots of interesting rolls that you've never heard of before.  My favorite was the SUPER BAD BOY roll.  It has eel, snow crab, avocado, cream cheese, and then they tempura that baby w/ spicy seared crab, drizzled w/ chili allioli, soy glaze.  Oh yes.  It's got everything you want in a sushi roll--the flavors meld so well and it perfectly crispy!  Don't be scared by the eel, this roll is a MUST TRY.In addition to great sushi, Japonessa also has other DELICIOUS hot dishes.  You've gotta try their garlic short ribs.  The ribs have a seared outer layer and then a tender, juicy middle.  And, let me just say that the side salad is AMAZING.  Super delicious, fresh greens with a delicious ginger vinagarette!  One last thing about Japonessa: Best. Happy hour. Ever.  Wait...happy hour?  More like HAPPY DAY!  Yes, I just said that.  This is because their happy hour is from 11:30-6pm.  Even on weekends!  Check this place out...mmmkay?
<review# 2856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,12/23/2011,254,643,3,5,6>Dear Cure:You have the best.  artichoke.  soup.  EVAR.  I don't know what kind of magic you put in there, but whatever it is, DO NOT EVER STOP.  I would love it even more if it magically appeared on my desk here at work, but that's just pushing it, I realize.Cure's space is simple, cozy, and very inviting.  The staff is awesome - Amy is a delight!  And the menu?  Simple and very very good.   The Cure Royal?  Dangerously delicious.  The pepper jelly & cream cheese?  Unadorned and perfect.  And I learned a new word:  mortadella!  I don't eat pork/sausage so I had no idea what this was - not only did I have a lovely little meal, I learned something new!  So Cure, we will be back.  Along with 5 more friends to share the love.
<review# 2857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,12/22/2011,461,411,4,13,9>I'm not often astounded by a restaurant. I may leave thinking it's good, or even really good. But Walrus and the Carpenter absolutely floored me. The food was so good that I left practically high.Everything we ordered was spot on perfect (and there was even a dish - Salmon Tartar - that I could see was something that Toulouse Petit tried to do in their own way but failed. Walrus and the Carpenter did it SPOT ON.)Our server, David, was very friendly, personable, and helpful. We had him pick out six oysters for us both to try (12 total), and also review our menu choices to see if it seemed balanced to him. He said it sounded wonderful and we'd be eating very well. He didn't lie, that's for sure.Even our drinks were exactly what we wanted. I am so endlessly impressed that it hurts.Our menuHenrys old fashioned (drink)Pomegranate fizz (drink)Bread n butter w salt n olive oilWhite Anchovy tartine (an avocado spread beneath the anchovy was quite unique and creamy)6 oysters each. Our favorites were the Penn and Hamas oysters. Next time, another server suggested we try the Treasure Cove oysters.Salmon Tartar with salmon roe (absolutely PHENOMENAL)Warm banana bread with vanilla salt and whipped butterI could speak to each dish, but I don't want to ruin the surprise. Go. Eat. Enjoy. I could not possibly recommend any restaurant more highly.After spending $160 at Anchovies and Olives the prior week and being somewhat disappointed (A couple dishes weren't great, though the rest were wonderful. The service was what got me. If it were up to me, I would have fired the server.), we ate to our hearts' content at Walrus and the Carpenter and left spending $80 on the bill itself and left a $30 tip. Bravo, guys, bravo!!!!!p.s. Do be prepared to wait when you go. We had them take our name and had drinks at the Loft until they called my cell to let us know our table was ready.
<review# 2858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,9/17/2013,126,226,15,14,14>Radiator Whiskey is a great addition to the Market! It feels like it's been there for a long time because it fits in, adding something novel to the many options already here in the Market. And that's probably on purpose and took some work to pull off.Vibe-wise, R Dubbya is like Quinn's younger brother, who didn't want to end up like a Levi's wearing hipster Art Director, drinking a Belgian ale with a Leica and velcro Varvatos Converse sneakers on Capitol Hill but instead wanted to try his hand at country music singing and went straight to a job in Texas after getting a BFA in Banjo at Oberlin. R Dubbya has a beard. R Dubbya doesn't have to take no gruff from nobody because he's pretty chill and doesn't start nothing. He knows how to drink whisky and dated a roller derby chick that one time (it turned out pretty good).Maybe it's the cocktails talking, but the cocktails at Radiator Whiskey are really good. The barrel-aged cocktail gambit is especially fun, try whatever is in a barrel if you can't decide otherwise. So the place is like a smaller meat-focused Quinn's-esque spot, but instead of sheep the yummy animal mascot is pork or beef. There is no Welsh rarebit on the menu.The mascot would definitely be an animal with big juicy ribs and not a sheep. I'm a rebel; I ordered the half smoked chicken. It's half a chicken smoked all the way, not a whole chicken smoked halfway. And I'm glad I did. The mystery shaved vegetable in the shaved vegetable medley was CELERY. I had to ask. I don't even know why they let me keep this Yelp account, I have the palate of Encino Man and can't tell the difference between celery and celeriac because I'm probably focused on my super awesome wife and what she is saying across the table from me. And not every detail of my dinner like what it is that I'm eating.There were some cool artifacts on a shelf above the table. I reached up to inspect them, and the first thing I pulled down was a woodworking tool called a hand plane.Most people know that a hand plane has ten parts:The mouth, the iron, the lever cap, the depth adjustment knob, the handle, the chip-breaker or cap iron, the lateral adjustment lever, the tote, the finger rest knob, and (my favorite), the frog. The frog is a sliding iron wedge that holds the plane iron (basically the blade) at the proper angle.The blade was still in the plane, and there were no big zebra stripes on the table (yet). That's trust in your customers! I put it back where it belonged without causing any damage to the table or my suit.The music was comforting, in a "doesn't it make you proud to be an American?" kind of way. For example a country-ish guy was singing that "Summertime" song about the cotton being high and how good looking your mama is. I love that song. It was a cool version.But if I had to pick a theme song (to go along with the mascot, which by now I'm pretty sure is a hog), I would pick Townes Van Zandt's "Pancho and Lefty." That's a great song. I've been listening to it a lot lately. It's about being vaguely rebellious and having a penchant for whisky and the open road and eating lots of potato salad and shaved celery. Cause that's the only thing shaved in the place. I feel like an idiot for shaving this morning. *hitting myself* Should have gone more scruffy! I looked cute in my suit though, I wouldn't have changed my outfit.
<review# 2859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,9/16/2013,232,382,7,8,7>Cintli adds some great cultural flavor to the Broadway neighborhood.  Painted vibrantly on the outside and inside, they are a coffee/tea shop with Latin American art for sale.  Or they are a Latin-American themed art and gift shop with a full service espresso bar inside.  Either way, Mexican "dia de los muertos" decor is all over the place, so if you want a decorative cross or cartoonish skull, this is the place to go.The interior is super bright and cheerful, as are the employees.  There is a lot of merchandise in the store: on and around the tables, on the walls, hanging from the ceilings, etc.  I'll be back often for coffee I think, because the atmosphere and art is so much different than anything else in this part of Capitol Hill.
<review# 2860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,9/15/2013,475,222,9,10,9>The untrucked taco truck! Hands down one of my favorite places to grab a bite. Located conveniently off of 15th in Ballard, this brick and mortar taco truck doesn't fail to satisfy!The portions are huge and the price is modest. When you wanna eat like "El Rey" and spend like "la pobre" this is the spot.I spend the majority of my work day out in the field, Ballard being one of my main territories. I'm so glad to have a place like this here. My usual is the Plato Mexican with no rice or tortilla and extra beans. They always accommodate me and I walk away feeling happily fulfilled.The rest of the menu is robust with lots of selection. From breakfast burritos to shrimp ceviche. It's a bloody godsend when you want a GOOD breakfast burrito that isn't MickeyDeez... ya dig?The ambiance is charming! There's sugar skulls on the wall, poster of old Spanish films in the bar and in the men's room, plus a Pac-Man and Galaga machine. Dripping with character, it makes a good place to meet friends, colleagues, or maybe someone special for a low key date. I love this place and will continue coming!5 totes-well-deserved stars out of 5
<review# 2861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/13/2013,115,451,19,19,18>Hm. Could be my new favorite date spot. Sorry, Denny's; you have been ousted. I had a "forced" date here with my hubby. His boss MADE us go to dinner here--complete with a gift cert for us. I heard his boss even shooed him out the door to make sure he made our reservations on time ;) I ended up being first, and sat at the bar, ordering a Nickerson: an American-style Pimm's with strawberry, cucumber and mint. It was like a Pimm's and a fruit Mojito had a drink baby, and rocked it to sleep on an ice cube cradle. It was very slow being early; it was nice because where we sat, we could see out large windows onto the river. Just beautiful. Book Bindery has mastered the combination of elegance and coziness, while maintaining simplicity. To start, we were given soft, sea salt butter with bread, and a palate-cleansing gazpacho to start (I could have had a whole bowl of it, instead of just a shot glass-size of it. Refreshing!)...and we liked that beginning so much, we kept going! The Hudson Valley Foie Gras Terrine with bread base and a strawberry gelee on top was AMAZING. The perfect bites accompanied on the side: baby pickled turnips, with a crunchy bit, and strawberries. A good break from the norm regarding foie gras....We liked THAT so much, we high-fived each other and had the Tuna Crudo. (Yes, there are only two of us, but we are PROLIFIC eaters.) Loved the wonton chips and the pinenut glaze, decoration etc. but eating the white gelled pinenut cube by itself tasted like latex paint. I ate the next bite WITH tuna. ..The Truffle Fries were fantastic too, but I THINK we may have gone overboard on the starters a bit. Truffle bits you can actually see on truffle fries--not just truffle oil like so many other spots. Wonderful. He had a Wagyu beef (Flavor Curve) served with smoked potato croquettes. I didn't care for them, but he enjoyed them. For my main, I had the Pan Roasted Duck Breast and it was the BEST DUCK I'VE EVER HAD IN SEATTLE. If you have read my reviews, you know I LOVE duck and it was the BEST. Not overbrined (if at all!) so the natural duck flavor came right through on the two mid-rare cuts. Served with polenta cubes and fresh cherries...aaaaahhh I keep hugging myself thinking how good it was!Our service was over the top great. Warm, and classy, I wanted to ask HIM if there was anything I could get for him ;) Gosh, I HOPE his boss forces us to go on vacation--of course with another gift cert!
<review# 2862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,9/12/2013,88,275,5,4,7>Wowzers.. where do I even begin? I had this place bookmarked for a while and was so ecstatic to finally be able to try it out, and boy was I  missing out! My friend and I can't remember exactly what we has to drink as far as cocktails go, but they had a very impressive list of craft cocktails to choose from. I did end up doing the red wine flight with my meal which consisted of 4 different Syrah's from Washington wineries, so awesome! Onto the best part, dinner... We started with the Grand Central Baguette, yum. Deviled eggs - which had horseradish, omg delicious!!  Mussels in a white wine mouth watering broth with more delicious bread.The Butcher's grind house burger was soo perfect, medium rare beef topped with cheese and bacon and all the fixings, I kinda wish we didn't have to split that one. They have so many delicious things on the menu and I love that it's all freshly Washington grown! The ambiance is romantic and rustic, love love love it! I can't wait to go back for more.
<review# 2863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,9/11/2013,78,127,7,14,10>Being Filipino, why do I go to a Filipino restaurant? haha. Had dinner here and total filipino feel. I like it. Their menu surprised me because of the things that they have are things I don't eat often because no one makes them often enough !They had okoy, which was shrimp and like shredded yam fried together dipped in vinegar. Super good for an appetizer or snack. Also had the hot calamansi juice and it was the best I've had. It's like an alternate to hot honey lemon, but that sweet tangy taste of a filipino lemon just does my tastebuds well.The kids enjoyed pandan chicken. Odd combo, but tasty combo. Us adults had Sinigang which is like a sour tamarind soup. One of my faves and they have that good sour taste down.May take a bit time to get your order, but only because they're literally cooking things that take longer to make, so kudos to them for satisfying us w service. This place is very welcoming, to Filipinos and non Filipinos. And of course, one way or another, you all find out you're prolly related or know someone from back home who relates to you both somehow. haha.
<review# 2864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,9/10/2013,375,637,3,11,5>We went for this restaurant for lunch on Saturday and it was pretty tasty!  It was also almost completely empty - so apparently that is not their busy time.To start off they gave us bread with olive oil and garlic.  Yummy!  Loved it.Everyone I was with had a salad.  They had mixed reviews.  I thought the ceasar salad was yummy.  My husband had the same and he agreed.  My dad had the house salad with the white italian dressing - he was not a fan.  My mom had the house salad with the Gorgonzola cheese - she loved it.And then it was pasta time!I had the cheese stuffed ravioli with buffalo ragu on top.  I thought it was good!  I wouldn't really say special though.  It may have had buffalo but it didn't taste very spectacular.My husband had the cheese tortellini.  I tried some and it was AMAZING!  So if you are interested in consuming a ton of calories, go for that lol.My dad was the only one who didn't like his food much.  He had spaghetti with pomodoro sauce and a couple meatballs.  Not his favorite!My mom had one of their specials.  All I can say about it is that it had a ton of olives.  She loved it.So, overall, good place!  I would return.
<review# 2865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,9/9/2013,129,291,10,15,14>Gone n' dunnit! I found Mecca. I'm really not sure how I managed to live in Seattle my entire life and never go to The Little Red Hen until last night. I am forever changed. First of all - it turns out line dancing is my calling. It's what's been missing in my life. Second of all, the nicest bartender ladies in the world. Third of all, friendliest wackadoo bar crowd in Seattle. And finally, an entire night of drinkin' and dancin' and I only spent $20. Now, if that ain't somethin', I don't know what.
<review# 2866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,9/6/2013,172,264,5,11,10>I was lucky enough to come with a Microsoftie, so we used the prime discount and got our second thali for $12! GREAT deal.Chose the halibut and beef cheeks. Halibut was overcooked (kind of rubbery and not flaky or light like fish should be), but the thali was still very good and paired well with the other small dishes. Plan on about one thali per person, because the sides are about four bites. We split both, so our server was kind enough to bring extra plates so we could try everything. Asparagus with hard cheese (parm?), halibut with pesto garbanzo beans, kimchi style radish, black eyed peas in a yogurt sauce (the sauce was disgusting, in my cream-hating opinion), and curried cauliflower with currants. The currants were a weird pairing, but they did work pretty well with the other flavors. I ended up mixing bites of everything-- so very good.My order of beef cheeks came with gratin with fennel, baby potatoes and fiddlehead ferns, some kind of radish thing, some other white veggie well seasoned. I'm sorry I didn't take better stock of what was served, because this thali was the star of the dinner. The meat was so soft and tender it fell apart when you looked at it. Beef like this could change the infrequency of my partaking it. The tables are pretty close together, service isn't really anything to write home about. They've got good outdoor seating. I would most definitely return.
<review# 2867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/5/2013,168,146,5,9,8>All your gardening needs in one spot!Whether you are novice or have a bright green thumb, you will find almost anything you need to start or care for your garden or lawn. They offer a variety of flowers, vegetables, trees and shrubs.  They also have a good selection of fertilizers, garden tools, pots and garden decor. I've been here multiple times. Service is hit or miss (or I'd give the place 5 stars). When they are busy, forget about trying to ask anyone a question. You'd be lucky if you actually found someone.  If you go at an off-time and catch one of the sales people, they are super helpful. One lady help me create an stunning container garden for my balcony - a lime cyprus surrounded by giant wave petunia's and coleus. They even provided fertilizer recommendations for my citrus tree along with some tips for care.  It can get a little costly if you go nuts like I do, but It's well worth it!
<review# 2868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,7/18/2012,3276,1443,18,22,18>Mmmmmmm!  Cheeeeeese!  GLORIOUS Cheese!SITREPIf the all-powerful supreme force of the universe were to sit down with me and have a cup of espresso and ask, "Michelangelo, in this universe of my creations (or "evolutions", *wink*), what three things have meant the most to you?"And without hesitation, I could rattle them off to her (*wink!*), in no particular equally-important non-order:* Cats* Mozartand,* CHEESE...cause THAT'S how serious I am about cheese [he says as he is immersed in Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 23, with pocket-panther Bobby lazing on his lap, and pocket-panther Jack focused on knocking over the laptop speakers because he apparently dislikes piano [*Sacrilege!* - let the torturous tickles and tummy-rubs commence!)].  And like all my other exotic eccentricities - chocolate, espresso, Star Wars fanaticism, whoopee cusions, etc. - I have my dear ole Mammsita to thank.And that's why I love "The Calf and Kid" so much - in such an addictive (really, I'm not kidding:  ADDICTIVE) way - because if cheese were crack, the "Kid" would be my dealer.  SETUPAround for just about two (2) years now, Calf & Kid are the ROYALTY when it comes to "Artisan Cheese" making and procurement [Gah.  I know, I know, I HATE the misuse of the word "Artisan" (and "Authentic", and "Hand-Crafted", and "Like Mom Made!") but here it IS appropriate for a change (so to continue...)], they have a tight relationship with many of the local cheese-makers in the Seattle-and-beyond-areas, and they understand the delicacies and peculiarities involved in refining many varietals of cheese.  And I for one am impressed with a business procurement plan that relies on local business & industry and promotes the dairy-wealth of our surrounding area.CHEESE CUSTOMER SERVICECalf & Kid are very liberal with their samples to get you familiar with their product-lines and I'm always amazed with the wealth of knowledge that comes with explaining every single tidbit of wonderful solidified piece of lactose.  This "Cheese Education" by these Doctors of Pasteurization has caught on locally too and now customers are always asking for the local varietals of cheeses by name.And the selection could not be more delectable.  I have gotten and can heartily recommend their:* Cheddar* Bleu* Gouda* Jack* Mizithra* Cheese whiz (haha!  I kid!  I kid!)* Mozzarella* Gruyere (Fondue-Alert!)* Emmentaler (Fondue-Alert!)* etc. etc.A true smorgasbord of delicious cheese!CHEESE CLASSESWhat's really cool about Calf & Kid is how they take "Cheesocology" to the NEXT level, and actually give "Cheese classes" to customers.  These are fun!  Only $35 for a great time of learning more about cheese and then being inundated with about 10-15 different kinds of cheeses to sample and eat and feast on.CHEESE FARM TOURS!And if classes weren't already enough, then there are the "Cheese Farm Tours", a most blessed opportunity (he says "Amen" with cheese in his mouth), Calf & Kid arrange delightful fieldtrips to a local creamery to see the entire process of cheese making from beginning to end, with the workers, and the animules that bring together all of our favorite cheese varietals, that tempt and tantalize our tastebuds and satisfy our cheese-cravings and hunger.   This is a very family-friendly event that includes transportation, lunch and pictures with animals! .THE LOWDOWNIf you have a yen for cheese, then you have found your cheese-nirvana!  (Or "cheevana" as I like to say!)  So fire up the fondue pot and I'll bring over some Gruyere!   ;^D
<review# 2869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,7/17/2012,195,476,12,17,15>I had an AMAZING time here. My bf bought me a voucher for a facial and an 80 min massage for my bday. The spa itself is located on the bottom level of the Fairmont Hotel. The space was a lot larger than I expected, perfectly clean, softly lit, and immediately calming. They have a changing room where you strip and then bundle up into a robe and slippers. I had my first facial ever w/ Sonia (or Sonya?) She was very personable, knowledgeble, and had perfect skin. My skin looked so much better afterwards! I didn't realize facials were so great. I got my deep tissue massage from Ben. I like really deep massages and he's the only masseuse that I've had that I HAVEN'T had to ask for more pressure. His hands were amazing...as in, he was skilled in hitting pressure points and made it through the whole 80 minutes w/o losing the deep pressure.I think I was in heaven for 80 minutes. I spent pretty much 3 hours here and when I was done, I was light-headed in a good way. Everyone who works here is so friendly and helpful. It's amazing what a little pampering can do for you, I couldn't stop smiling all day. Best b-day present and I could definitely get used to facials and massages... :-)
<review# 2870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/16/2012,49,294,9,11,13>Happy hour prices just can't be beat!  First off, this place is huge and I have never seen it packed.  A whole room dedicated to pool tables is my kind of place, even though I didn't have time to play at this last visit, boo hoo.  Another 2 rooms dedicated to bowling, about 6 lanes in each room, and 3 bar areas to order drinks.Five drinks, and a delicious juicy burger w/ fries and the bill was $22?  $22 -- my boyfriend thought they messed up our bill because it was so cheap.  $2.50 for a Manny's? Me like.  Let me add that I only beat MK's bowling score by ONE point, and I'm okay with that, as long as its known that I was able to beat him at least one game :)
<review# 2871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,7/15/2012,5000,240,89,75,66>World Pizza was the place me and my friends frequented after a night out in Belltown during Belltown's heyday, so I think it is awesome that one of my favorite places to eat at sixteen years ago is back in business again!  This time they set up shop in Chinatown.The major change from its former incarnation is the fact that the pizza served here is vegetarian. That isn't a dealbreaker for me because the pie is really freaking tasty no matter the combination of toppings (14 different toppings).  One pizza that I remember from the old place that they still serve is the roasted red potato pizza.  It is very rare that I don't order one of those when visiting!  On my visit yesterday they had a vegan pizza available which was quite tasty!So if you happen to be in Chinatown, pay these guys a visit and grab a couple of slices of pie, a pint of Manny's and just chill.Dude, seriously?  Vegetarian pizza?         Your mom liked it.  A lot.**Who the hell would eat here?                      /                             |                                           /                           \O/                                        O                             |                                         - |                            / \                                         / \________________________________________                               *?*                                  Later!                                                                  |                                              \                                                         O                                      ___  O                                                                                / | \                           _______    |-                                                                                                              / \                                               /  \________________________________________**Not a true story!  REALLY!**
<review# 2872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,7/13/2012,519,323,8,15,13>I'm super stoked about Sushi Hana's addition to the neighborhood!!  It's a small joint, but has a nice open feel.  I felt the selection was pretty good, and the rolls held by far, more fresh fish, than any other rolls at similar convener belt sushi places in the area.  The raw salmon and tuna were both extremely fresh and delicious, and were featured on probably 3/4 of the rolls offered.  Like other said, the prices are right on par with Sushiland, but definitely more bang for the buck here.   My total bill came to $10 and I walked away extremely full!! As far as negatives, I would say that like many convener belt sushi places, there were a lot of menu items not on the belt.  I know orders can be made, but I like to grab and growl and not mess with flagging down the waitstaff or chefs for orders.  The other neg would be they are a little heavy handed on the mayo sauces.  Spicy mayo is on a lot of the rolls, and others with the sweet-mayo sauce it's heavy and thick.  Also, I could do without imitation crab salad in almost every single roll.  If they are going to put fresh tuna or salmon, eel, shrimp etc. on top or also in the center, is in necessary to stuff each full of crab salad as well?  I had the sesame balls for desert and they are the exact same as Sushiland.  I was happy because they were hot.  Those are one thing I don't mind ordering to guarantee they served hot.  Probably my favorite thing about this place was they had a double row of belts going around, so you had more options going by and things didn't take forever to swing back around.
<review# 2873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,7/12/2012,390,547,8,9,8>The second best beach in all of Seattle (sorry Ballard, but West Seattle has you beat). But otherwise one of the jewels and great things about living in Seattle. It's out of the way unless you live in Ballard, but there's Paseo along the way to keep you fortified, and plenty to do once you get here. The massive beach itself, the kids play structure, the off-leash dog park just up the hill.  There's even a snack shack that's usually open during the good weather (ha) months, and the "Little Coney" place at the south end of the park if you want something more substantial (burger, fries, etc).You can even rent out the event hall at the north end of the beach for a wedding or big party (which I hear is very popular and the place gets booked up months or more in advance).Parking can be a challenge on the busiest days but the upper lot never seems to get totally full and is just a little hike.For my "money" this is one of the main reasons to make the trek over to Ballard.
<review# 2874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,7/11/2012,94,80,9,12,9>Lisa Dupar, you are the Southern Ma I never had but what Pacific Northwest dreams are made of. If I were your child, I imagine awaken each morning to the enticing scent of your cinnamony, sugary light-as-air savanna hot puffs. (With dips to accompany them no less). Or perhaps it will be Eggs Benedict, drenched in a hollandaise sauce so velvety I would slide off my seat. But before sending me off to school, you would pack my bag with goodies and treats that my friends would give their left foot to trade with me.Upon returning home, I would be welcomed to the aromas and warmth of a dinner you've been preparing all day. Coming out of the kitchen might be a simple flatbread with assorted seasonal accompaniments, from your garden...of course. But on a typical night, it would be your standard go-tos like your famous Fried Chicken, Mac and Cheese or Meatloaf. All which you prepare with your eyes closed and hands tied behind on back between shuffling me to ballet class and my brother to soccer practice.Being the good mother that you are, you would know I would reside in Seattle one day, therefore introducing me to the foods of the region. One night will be a preparation of local wild caught salmon. On another I will inhale your Painting Hills braised short beef ribs. Each bite rejuvenating every fiber of my being, feeling like I have died and gone to heaven. But then - I wake up! My dream is a reality! You opened Pomegranate Bistro, the shining gem in the warehouse district of Redmond. Comforting the souls of dreary Seattle-ities with the hospitably of the South where my childhood dreams are alive.You published a cookbook, but what's the use? Only to attempt your Mexican-Southern inspired dishes but come to the realization that no one holds a candle to your flame? You are legendary and I will continue to return time and again to one of my favorite Eastside restaurants.
<review# 2875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,7/10/2012,595,1498,5,14,9>Fell in love with Peaks Frozen Custard at a Bite of Seattle a couple years ago. What I learned from that experience is frozen custard is not ice cream. While it does taste rich like ice cream, frozen custard does not retain its shape for very long. It is quick to melt. Eating it in the sun only accelerates this process.Visited their storefront for the first time recently. It is a comfortable abode in the Roosevelt District near Whole Foods. There is no on-site parking, but there is a good amount of street parking nearby. The ones closest to the store have pay meters, but if you head further north those disappear.The store has a decent amount of seating inside and outside. There is also free wi-fi offered here. Password is required which is displayed at the counter.As for the selection, I found the menu board somewhat confusing. Keeping this simple, they have a handful of flavors available daily which can be served on its own in a cone or cup or as sundaes. The old standbys (chocolate and vanilla) plus two daily flavors which you can find out about by going to the store website's flavor forecast page.If the flavors don't float your boat, they have a refrigerated case of pints and quarts of different flavors available as well. For those not in the mood for frozen custard, they do also have several selections of desserts here including cheesecake, carrot cake and chocolate cake on the day that I visited. All of which were reasonably priced at around $3 a slice.I tried the vanilla custard ($3 for a mini cup) and picked up a chocolate & almonds ($5 a pint) and a slice of carrot cake ($3) to go.The mini size of custard seemed a bit smallish, but it was the right size for a dessert after lunch. Just like at the Bite, it totally delivered. The texture looks like frozen yogurt or soft serve ice cream, but I am loving this even more than those. I have to say the vanilla frozen custard from Peaks is one of my favorite frozen desserts in Seattle.I was not as enamored with the chocolate & almonds pint. It was kind of one note. I did like the almonds and that it was locally sourced. I think perhaps mixing it with another flavor or pairing this with a piece of cake or pie would help. In hindsight, I should have paired it with the carrot cake which was pretty good on its own. The frosting was not overly sweet which is a plus.If you love ice cream, I believe you will like frozen custard too. But be forewarned that this is a dessert best eaten ASAP and inside. I would not recommend getting a cone with custard and eating it in 80 degree weather unless you are okay with having sticky hands by the time you are done with it.
<review# 2876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,7/9/2012,0,37,12,9,11>First!!  WOW.  (While on the ground bowing in homage to the GREAT KING of THE HAMBURGER!!  Now let me catch my breath.Ok... My man and I do our urban hiking all throughout our downtown neighborhood.  We walk by this place and say we should try it one of these days. (We are usually walking off our dinner lol)Saturday we hiked up there for our dinner and some brews!  Holy Sh%t kicked were we pleasantly surprised.We walked up from 1st avenue through the busy and delightful hub bub of one of the last coatless weekends of the summer.  Walking in we were hit with the heavenly scent of burgers, fries and onion rings and a nicely audible level of The BEATLES WHITE Album....not one song but the entire album.  Perfect.. Super bonus for this... not too loud but enough to feel like you were at a party.We sat at the window bar and enjoyed the gorgeous view of the space needle and the busy street life of Capitol Hill. My man said this is my new favorite place and I haven't even got my burger yet.  We both ordered the Lil' Woody burgers with cheese. They both arrived with our onion rings in a timely manner but long enough to know it was made fresh. 1)The burgers- OMFG! The bun soft yet a bit of crunch from the grill, the burger hand formed (not flat as a pancake) full of flavor, juicy and cooked perfectly medium. The perfect blend of mayo, catsup and mustard.  I swear that as I bit into it The heavens opened and the Angels sang. I have to stop now...I'm getting a little verklempt.  Oh and it's only $4.50. 2) The ONION RINGS- Seriously.. are you guys for real. Where have you been all my life. I told my man... "I think I'm in love babe, you've got competition"   These were sliced to the perfect thickness and breaded lightly and deep fried to perfection...wait it gets better. They offer two different dipping sauces.....um.... hell yeah!! Zingy zesty Citrus and one that was Zesty Spicy with a lil kick. (They serve Large size portion - see pictures..Although we had already eaten some...we couldn't wait. )3) They offer Two types of beers.. Both are awesome. We ordered a couple Mannys.  YUM  They have bottled soda, and water in the fridge as well as a broad selection of sodas at the fountain-  even soda water.4) We had to try a milkshake- WE ordered the Theo Chocolate shake and shared it. Delicious!!! Thick and yummy. Only complaint was it had a skinny lil straw. Woody's need the fatter milkshake straws. We survived though.. WE even managed to drink every last drop. 5) The service and price.  The service was super friendly and attentive. The guy offered both sauces for the onion rings, he offered a sample of the Salted caramel milkshake (Which was unbelievably good). He came over to the counter where we were sitting and asked us how everything was.  The gal that took our order was friendly and smiled. (You think so what. She smiled. Well I will tell ya my friend... most of the places around capital sneer at you and can't be bothered to offer up some friendly chat. They act like you're an inconvenience to them. And the food is often mediocre)So cheers for Lil' Woody's. Oh and my burger was actually served HOT. That's what you get with a freshly made hand formed thick burger. So those of you who are complaining about a 20-30 minute wait. Go to Mcdonalds, Dicks etc and get your precooked pancake thick burgers.  Delicious Real food takes time to prepare and cook...those long lines you're whining about is evidence that this place is FREAKIN worth the wait. Com on people support the independent small business that's trying to do it right.My only regret is that I didn't get to this place sooner. Bon appetite" mother truckers!!!!
<review# 2877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,7/8/2012,942,857,7,12,8>Manhattan Drugs is not a drug store like bartell drugs, or even a pharmacy that is from manhattan, but a cool new hip steak house located across the way from tavern law, and conveniently located on the same street as la spiga and plum. This quaint new restaurant is also going to be a hot new spot for the carnivores of capitol hill.  I personally am not a steak girl, but their chicken "fried chicken" more like roasted chicken was pretty damn good. Cooked perfectly with amazing accompaniments of scalloped potatoes and brocollini :)I would recommend their french onion soup as an appetizer, and a side of macaroni and cheese. I wish there were more, but my waistline thanks MD for not having such big portions. My bf and friend had the prime rib and they liked it a lot. Prime rib is prime rib. I don't know what it is suppose to taste like but it seemed like they totally enjoyed it. I will come here again for some nummy chicken and mac and cheese :) As for steak, I don't know if my tummy will allow it......
<review# 2878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2008,8/18/2008,241,480,8,7,7>I fear that a new food obsession has been born.  Grinders is an amazing sandwich shop and has a menu that I can't stop reading and thinking about.  I've been good so far, I've only gone there once, but I'm afraid that it's only a matter of time until the demise of my willpower and I will be in sandwich heaven until I've tried everything on the menu or my bank account is completely empty.  On my first visit, I picked up two grinders to go for myself and the wife.  We had a Sauball Grinder - a combination of their Sausage Grinder and Meatball Grinder, and a Gilbano Grinder - basically a massive improvement over an old, tired Philly cheesesteak sandwich.  As soon as we opened up both sandwiches, we knew that Grinders was our kind of place.  They don't skimp with the cheese and that will go a long way with us.  Both sandwiches were uber-cheesy and amazingly delicious.  When a restaurant way up in the farthest reaches of the city on crappy Aurora Avenue has 50 reviews and only one cranky pants has given it less than four stars, perhaps that means you should get on up here and give it a shot.  You won't be disappointed.  And if you really need an excuse, Costco is only a block or two away.
<review# 2879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2007,8/17/2008,65,77,9,15,14>SIX STARS. SIX.I don't even feel like I can write a review that will do this place justice, but I'll do my best. I had no idea what to expect from this restaurant (the dinner was a surprise and I'd never heard of Art of the Table beforehand). Once I got inside, I was overwhelmed by warmth -- of the restaurant, of the welcome we received, and of the smells coming from the kitchen. I felt at home in less than a minute.We were originally seated at a smaller table along the wall, but I felt a little too far away from Elvis (that dapper young gent I've been mentioning as of late). I wanted to be able to talk to him and steal kisses once in a while, so we asked to be moved to the higher table near the window. They were happy to accommodate.The water was served in a carafe with a large sprig of rosemary and half an orange in it. I've never seen this anywhere else, and it was brilliant. I took it as a sign that I was in for something very special. And as it turns out... I was very right.The first course was white sweet potato soup with pork cracklins. The soup was perfectly creamy without being heavy, and the pork provided just the right touch of saltiness to counteract the sweetness of the potatoes (and the white wine paired with the course).Next came root vegetable tian (prepared with 12 different varieties of vegetable) with garlic-leek sauce and a side of microgreens. The tian was unbelievable, and the sauce was an excellent complement. I was especially fond of the red wine paired with this course, which was a Wallace Brook Pinot Noir.Course three was roasted squab with white bean ragout, foie gras butter & caramelized carrots. The squab was... (I'm sorry, I can't focus on this because I'm thinking about it right now and my eyes keep glazing over in ecstasy... Give me a minute... Oh god. Anyway.) It was bloody rare and buttery tender. I'd never eaten squab before this and I feel blessed to have been introduced to it in such a beautiful way.Dessert was an apple-pear tart in a hazelnut crust with chevre ice cream. It seemed like perhaps the tart was left in a little longer than planned, but the crust wasn't burnt by any means and was still wonderful. The fruit and the ice cream formed an amazing combination, playing to four of my five senses in a way that capped the meal in the best way possible. The port sherry served with dessert had a smooth honey flavor to it that I loved.Some things that stand out in my mind which made this an experience, rather than just a dinner:-Dustin (the chef/owner) came out after each course was served to tell us about the ingredients (what they were, where they came from, etc...) and share his thoughts behind the dish. He also thanked the farms which were the most instrumental in bringing the dishes together.-After dinner, everyone cleared out and Elvis had a chance to speak with Dustin for a while. (I listened in, but since I apparently suck at conversation I didn't pipe up much.) I can tell that he truly enjoys what he does, and that he pours his heart into it. The amount of thought and planning that goes into each supper club is impressive.-After Dustin went back into the kitchen to clean up, they sent out complementary glasses of sherry for us to enjoy while we sat and talked. It was a thoughtful gesture, and much appreciated.If you're looking for the perfect place to take your special somebody, I highly recommend giving Art of the Table a call.
<review# 2880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,8/16/2008,27,31,5,9,9>I've been waiting for a spot like this for a long time.Living in Japan for six years will leave you with a craving for ramen.  Up until recently being introduced to Samurai Noodle, I had no outlet for this craving.  As much as I love Samurai, what I've really wanted is the traditional Ramen-Ya style broth.  Boom Noodle brings it to the table!  The "Tokyo Ramen" is delicious.  If I had one suggestion, it would be to change the noodles to the traditional square, curlier noodles.Other things that I've tried:Beef Yakisoba-Yum!Yaki Udon-Yum!Cha Su Pork Fried Rice-Good, but have had betterRoasted Red Beet Soba-Surprisingly good.  Would recommend this!Pork Gyoza-The most amazing dipping sauce ever!Okonomiyaki-GoodCurry Potato Korokke-Not amazing, but I'm not a curry fanCucumber Margaritas-My new favorite drink!Boom Waffle-Good flavors, but the waffle was a little too softThe modern design and communal tables really help this place stand out.  I'm hoping for free wi-fi.  At that point, I'm moving in.
<review# 2881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,8/15/2008,71,46,7,16,11>I had a chance to stop by yesterday and meet Bridget & Neil the new owners of Seattle's newest 24 hours restaurant and I was thrilled. I've met them before while they were running around the Hurricane Cafe (their other restaurant). As many people around Seattle I was sneaking peaks left and right trying to find out what was going into the 101 Denny locale. I was excited by their efforts to open a middle ground 24 hours restaurant, not greasy spoon and not upscale... just right in the middle. =)I believe in two things when it comes to writing a review... you first off DON"T write a review on the opening day. That's like wagging your finger at a kindergarter and asking them why they don't know calculus yet?! It takes a while to get on your feet... whole new staff... whole new menu... cut the slack just a bit, sheesh!SECONDLY: To be completely honest I'm a bit embarrassed by my fellow yelpers and their previous reviews. Don't discredit a restaurant because they aren't the same as the one before it. Sure Cafe Minnie's is gone, but don't point fingers at the new guys in town. As for the food. I loved LOVED the Greek Omelet. As a person who doesn't particularly like eggs, I actually really enjoyed the flavors associated with the dish.  It was chuck full of pine nuts; feta cheese which was popping out from the side as if to tease me to place it intermittently about my potatoes... which I did! Tempt not a desperate girl when it comes to cheese. There were fresh leaves of spinach and what topped it off was the olives which added just the right amount of salt. I asked Neil about the potatoes which surprisingly enough reminded me a bit of my grandma's house browns. He had mentioned that he makes his own batch of 11 herbs and spices... take that KFC!!! He also mentioned that everything is made in house! Neil was nice enough to give me a brief tour of the restaurant as well and I was shocked to see cubby holes at the bar for women's purses. What a novel idea I thought. They are currently working on finding some artwork to place on the walls, I can't wait until they do... that's the one thing it's missing. I went during 2 p.m. on a Monday, so I'm guessing the after hours scene will be huge, but well worth it! As one of the features on the menu is milk and cookies... what a great way to tuck yourself in after a long night of drinking?!-Jen.
<review# 2882,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2007,8/14/2008,507,655,14,12,12>From the Canterbury Tales:Inkeeper and Host, said to the pilgrims traveling to Canterbury"It's that you each, to shorten the long journey,Shall tell two tales en route to Canterbury,And, coming homeward, another two,Stories of things that happened long ago.Whoever best acquits himself, and tellsThe most amusing and instructive tale,Shall have a dinner, paid by us all,Here in this roof, and under this roof-tree,When we come back again from Canterbury."1. I'll get this round.2. There's some serious drinking going on at this bar.Those are my two tales.
<review# 2883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,8/13/2008,173,265,24,21,24>My brain is still in awe of the bartender's pour here.  I ordered a Long Island Iced Tea and, while watching her make it, muttered aloud, "Dear God in heaven!"  I've never seen a LIIT so clear!  I don't know how there was room for Coke once she put all the alcohol into it.I drank it over the course of an hour and a half because I would probably be knocked unconscious if I drank it any faster.  You know the  facial contortions that occur when Dr. Jekyll drinks the potion and turns into Mr. Hyde?  That's what I imagine I looked like every time I took a sip of this drink.  It was magnificent (and only $8 for a small bathtub's worth of alcohol).The decor here begs you to mock it, but I adored it, as did everyone present.  Fishnets hung from the ceilings alongside jalapeno lights.  The TVs there were showing baseball and WWF!  Later in the evening, they had karaoke, and even though pages were missing out of the song book, it was the perfect karaoke crowd - drunkenly cheering for everyone with the guts to get up and sing.Finally, I will stop accusing Patrick G. of being a robot..  If a robot drinks a lot of alcohol he short circuits.  Patrick just got drunk.  So much for that theory!  Want to know all about old Greenwood lore?  Ask Faith G., she is a wealth of local knowledge.  Holy (SHITHOLE Piece of) Crap, this was a good time!If you missed the Piece of Crap HH, watch the Events section.  There will definitely be more.  We might have to move it underground, though, if the wrong types of people start showing up.(Yes, people, that right there was a humor joke)
<review# 2884,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2008,8/12/2008,153,353,13,16,17>For almost 2 years, Kanishka and I were an Indian food "item" and we met for the lunch buffet on a near-weekly basis. This was before Cedars/Taste of India, Taj Palace, Preet's, and an upturn in regular exercise. At some point, our all-you-can-eat-ship soured when Kanishka decided to let itself go:- Some of the old staff departed for reasons unknown to me.- Someone literally drove through the window of the restaurant.- The food started getting more bland.- They accrued enough health code violations to be temporarily forced to close.With slight pangs of regret I moved on to satisfy my habit. Fast forward another almost 2 years. I'd started to hear recommendations again, so it was time to give things another try. I discovered that Kanishka still has:- one of the broadest rotating lunch buffet varieties in the area (especially for the price) including salad, naan, two kinds of rice, dal, 7+ entrees and sweets ($8.95)- dishes ranging from pleasing (tikka masala) to notable (saag, mutton curry)- inoffensive music at a reasonable volume- most of the same staff (minus those lost in the downturn)- the same fusion of standard Indian restaurant and greenhouse decorWhile it was closer to the quality I fondly recall, the food was still a bit bland for my taste, which to be fair may be an intentional populist approach (making it a superior choice for neophytes and small children) and may not hold true for dinner entrees.Kanishka, while it was nice to see each other again and we should keep in better touch than we have, we are going to keep things strictly casual. I'm not sure if it's revisionist history or I was new to the charms of Indian food when we first met but you just don't satisfy me like before.
<review# 2885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,8/11/2008,53,99,14,10,10>Nice little place.  Cheap beer and the staff are friendly.  No food options other than peanuts and suspicious looking hot dogs, but they are happy to provide a pizza menu so you can call up some for delivery.  Some of the patrons are interesting...they get very defensive about "their" tables.  Careful where you sit.  Oh, and avoid standing by the long-haired guy at the bar...he compliments you, and then tells you if he were living in Seattle full time, he'd chase you like a rabbit. I'm scared.  Very scared.
<review# 2886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2008,8/9/2008,779,709,18,17,16>Normally, I star down and explain how hard it was to decipher the actual place from the company I'm with. Ha! today i don't have to!Don L's company is always 5+ stars, but I'm willing to give Top Gun it's own 5 stars too.It pains me to continually point out how unfoodie and 'white' I am, but I have to remember you are more likely to be reading this when you searched for the place and not because you are habitually stalking my profile. (either is cool with me)..but...I am...white. Ghostly. Transparent even.If you have any semblance of knowledge of the Factoria area this place really isn't *that* hard to find. It's just not "front and center" strip mall with a huge neon sign. I can see how frustrating that must be for some people...*yeeeah*I'll update this if I ever find out *exactly* what I ate....this was someone else's show, and he did all the ordering for me. He did an excellent job! Some dumpling type thing, some potstickery-thing, some really good (and gracious SWEET!) shrimp and walnut thing, ...well you get the idea..lots of things.This place is HUGE, way bigger than it looks, and those carts were rolling back to back to back filled with all sorts of things! Seriously, wow.Everything we had (all them aforementioned "things*) was really good. Well cooked, tasty, and a wide variety to boot. Very filling. I can't believe how inexpensive the bill was. At this rate, sugar mama ain't never gonna' go broke.Get there before the lunch rush, or wait until the masses are dissipating. Good times!Oh right, movie reference...hmm.. youtube.com/watch?v=QiwN…PS to the EOL nazis...I'm not at home =)
<review# 2887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2008,8/8/2008,114,68,21,20,20>I need glasses. I own them and I respect them and I require them. Not for rating your eyebrows or examining ingredients or lifting my fork to my mouth--for close-up assignments my orbs perform like Professionals--but for comprehending subtitles, decoding aerial advertising or driving, I best enlist spectacles.So driving without glasses is ill advised, but driving without glasses at night is even iller advised, and driving without glasses at night to a new destination, iller still. Last Sunday night, my eye servants were nowhere to be found (hiding in the lining of my purse, I came to know) but I needed to venture out anyway. I hankered to sip a beverage with the gallies and take in some art and put my ear to a little Karaoke at the McLeod Residence. I'm not the most seasoned of drivers--public transport was long my main mode--so my inner compass is more attuned to bus numbers and colored station maps and cab digits than off ramps and on ramps and tidy parking jobs. Also, I do not often find myself in (fresh scrubbed) Belltown for my mingling, so bounding forth into this illest trifecta of driving scenarios was setting the scene for some Hot Water.En route to Belltown, I realized that my stunted vision missed the downtown exit off 99. Once it became clear that I was headed toward Burien, I took the exit which would be deemed (by a stranger in the bathroom line at McLeod) the David Lynch Off Ramp. It brought me to a large and curious plant that billowed smoke and manufactured Evil, with no life in sight, dead ends all around and the only signs reporting "Truck Turn Arounds Ahead." "What about car turn arounds?" I asked as I hit one road block after another. "What about CAR TURN AROUNDS?!" I asked louder. Not a peep, not a person, not a car. I found my way past the plant to an overpass sheltering a tangle of roads going this way and that way and who's going where and what way is what? I knew I had to turn fast or I was going to whizz onto an off ramp to my colliding death.So I maneuvered a reversal and pointed myself in the other direction. Just as I was beginning to relax into the faith that signs would be ahead and all would become clear, the screaming of tires and bellowing of engine alerted me to a bonafide "Bat out of Hell" in my company. Just feet away in an empty parking lot was a tiny car driving doughnuts at Le-Mans speed, shrieking and sparking and painted in bright orange flames. Bright orange flames! 120 miles/hr! Just us. Just we!  I knew, just KNEW that this car was manufactured by the Plant of Palpable Evil to drive right out of that lot and right into my vehicle, leaving me with not only the handicap of night blindness but also grotesque disfigurement of the cheek and shoulder! I hugged the car closer to my chest and tried to drive invisible and begged my motor to pleasepleasePLEASE be quiet so as not to inflame the temper of the flamed vehicle. Heart punching and primed for a chase, I took the first on-ramp I saw, headed toward.....SQUINT......Burien.So I arrived at Belltown's McLeod Residence from Ballard by way of Burien in need of a DRINK. I fell into the wings of my friends and a Lemon Drop and soothed myself with the handsome art. The McLeod Mirror was worth an extra trip to the bathroom and the Michael Jackson face constructed out of sugar cereal melted away my cares like Lucky Charms marshmallows cavorting in milk. Ooh! There's a SoopaJDelux with her creepy cute coterie and the graffiti artist who adorns the underpass near 65th with poker playing rodents and LOOK at all those etched wood skateboards! Suddenly, all was well: charmed staff, chummy crowd, chatty house party din. My Little Pony cartoons played on the Karaoke screen and the headless rabbit tip jar accepted both cash and the wee plastic farm animals that floated around in my purse.Then someone's teeny dog peed an astonishing puddle onto a sitting bench and my eager skirt plopped right into it. At that, I took my tired eyes home.
<review# 2888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2007,10/16/2007,35,38,13,6,7>I'm still a little shaken up.  So please bear with me while I try and write this review.  Ok?So, after an arduous mental day for me, and an arduous physical day for him, we decided to forgo the cooked dinner and trip to the gym (ignoring the guilt pangs right now.)Anyway, HE decides he really, really wants a good BLT for dinner...and a beer.  Ok, well, we say to each other - that means we HAVE to go to West 5.(Arrrgh. I can feel my toes curling.  I start to whine in my head - I don't wanna go to West 5....)But off to West 5 we go.  AND, as always, as we stood waiting to be greeted (cause that's what the sign says!), a server walks by and glares at us.  One of the bartenders sees us and looks away.(ARRRGGGH.  I really, really don't want to give them business -  I whine some more.)We're finally seated and IT happens.  Our server appears at our table, and (wait a sec, I have to collect myself a bit - ok,)  she SMILES AND SAYS "HI FOLKS!"  He looked at me - I looked at him - we both looked at her.  And then it happened again!  She SMILES AND SAYS "What can I get you two to drink?"  We tried to hide our shock while giving her our drink orders.  And boy, did we need those drinks now!.So when did West 5 start hiring servers with personality and an understanding of hospitality??   And what is her schedule??Ok, I'll stop being a smart-ass.The food was amazing - as always.  I guess that's the thing.  They spend all their payroll on the kitchen staff, that they don't have any money left over to train pleasant FOH staff.  He had the BLT - eyerollingly delish.I had the red beans  & rice w/  sausage.  The flavors were so perfectly layered.  Very tasty.They do take-out right?  I think we'll do that if SHE'S not working next time the West 5 BLT craving hits.
<review# 2889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2007,10/15/2007,53,105,4,8,8>Before you got to Serious Pie it's important to know your pizza style. If you're a Chicago pie type, turn around. Same if you prefer any Pizza Hut, Papa John's, or even Pagliacci. If, instead, you merely love the concept of pizza and aren't married to any one implementation then you should try Serious Pie for sure. Showing up at 7:30 on a Friday night with a friend and snagging a table within 10 minutes was an excellent start to the night. While the tables are communal you won't have to be chatting with your neighbors. The space is loud and you can be confident that whatever you're discussing probably won't be overheard. If you can't handle other people at your table, well, that's between your therapist and you.I ordered up the special of the night, a olive oil, olive, ricotta, feta, and spicy capacola pie ($14), and a half carafe of the house red ($10) to split. It probably took about 20 minutes for the food to arrive and was piping hot as it arrived. One pie is a large dinner for one person, but much too little for two. I was able to finish mine without pushing any limits so treat yourself and get a pie to yourself. Obviously the star of the show is the crisp 'n chewy wood fired crust and top-notch ingredients. Toppings are high-quality and pack a punch so they are used sparingly and effectively. No pound of cheese per slice here, a confusing concept in the Extra-Cheese American culture.So the food was wonderful, as was the ambiance. The space is small for the number of people and elegantly furnished. Dark wood and dim lights, oddly attractive artwork, and a flickering glow from the wood oven and candles combine to create a very warm and comforting atmosphere that is a very real asset to the whole experience, a sedate dinner to indulge all five senses.There's room in this world for both Serious Pie and your everyday Hot Mama's pizza. They play very different rolls and are only the same food in the same way as strip steak and hamburger. Neither is superior; each is entirely more enjoyable in their own context. I'd never kick back with a movie, some beers, and a Serious Pie, but sometimes you want your pizza to be as swank as the rest of your night.
<review# 2890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2007,10/14/2007,411,242,11,11,17>So, this is a Coffee shop and I just bought a beer for fifty cents more than my 16oz coffee!!!THEY ARE PROMOTING ALCOHOLISM and an excessive use of exclamation marks!!!   Joe Bar also has free wi-fi, the nicest baristas ever, and BEER.  GLORIOUS BEER starting at $2.50 for freakin' Red Stripe---I love Red Stripe.Beer, coffee, and wi-fi!!! 'm in loveWhen its crowded, just suck it up and make friends with that drunk Yelper on the laptop next to the window.  Come on there are plenty of extra chairs.Is this Heaven?
<review# 2891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,10/13/2007,251,244,17,23,22>OH MY GAWD! I'm the first to review this place? Unreal.If you haven't gone to the Museum of Mysteries, you must - ASAP. Or the next time they have an interesting event there. They are (from their web-site)"Washington State's only Paranormal Science Museum"Come explore the Legends and Lore of the NorthwestUFO History, Bigfoot and Ghost MuseumSeattle's only Oxygen BarGhost Tour - Capitol Hill Historical Ghost TourI had noticed this place in my travels around Broadway when I lived on the hill in my younger days, but my first venture inside was when I saw a most intriguing blurb in the section in The Stranger where they always mention the swinger parties and bdsm stuff (have you noticed the innocuous events they sneak in there between the dirty stuff?).  Anywhoo, they claimed they were going to have a screening of the Wizard of Oz, synced with The Wall and an actual interview with one of the Lollipop dudes AND they would discuss the rumors about one of the cast hanging himself on set....Seriously, how could you pass that up? AND it was only a few dollars as a "suggested donation" to get in.After some explanation about the theories and yada, yada, and watching the videotaped interview with a former cast member and dispelling the rumor about the hanging and talking to one of the members of the ridiculously huge fan club (and author of his own Oz books - apparently you can do that) and handing out the breakdown of where things seemed to match up in the movie, they actually got to the part where they play the movie. It only took them like 5 tries and 20 minutes to get it started. I would've stayed to watch the whole thing, but me and my also-not-tall companion were sitting behind a gargantuan couple that seemed to know every time we leaned to see around them and shifted to block the previously open view.Alright, now for my second trip to the Museum, I decided to go whole hog and went for the guided tour. This place is about as big as most of the basements I've been in, but it was worth every penny of the $3 I paid to get in. Your best bet is to go when the co-director Philip Lipson is working - it will be an experience you will NEVER forget.Seriously, if you live in Seattle and haven't been here yet you're crazy. Or just totally missing out. It's a little hard to find - it's between Roy and Mercer on the North end of Broadwayin the lower atrium beneath Aoki Sushi, once you look down the stairs you'll know you've found the place.
<review# 2892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,10/12/2007,116,228,5,14,10>Tamarind Tree vs Green Leaf Shootout!Tamarind Tree and Green Leaf are two of the most raved-about Vietnamese restaurants in Seattle. Recently, I ate at these places (on consecutive nights). In the great American tradition of pseudo-statistics and xcientific rankings, I present, for your consideration, the Tamarind Tree vs Green Leaf Shootout!Ambiance: Green Tree is nice; the interior is comfortable, simple and functional. The marble-top tables are a nice touch. But Tamarind Tree wins this category with a well-executed concept. Can you say "silk fixtures", "fire pit", "water feature" and "cast-concrete washbasins"? GL: ***, TT: *****.Service: Both restaurants provide prompt, attentive, knowledgeable service. Your orders show up in good time, and empty dishes are cleared promptly. Glasses and cups are seldom left empty. Both establishments get bonus points for owners who consistently cruise tables, schmoozing with customers. Overall, a dead heat.GL: ****, TT: ****.Menu:Green Leaf concentrates on the more traditional dishes - rolls and skewered appetizers, rice plates and vermicelli bowls. Tamarind Tree has these, but also more. The menu is deeper and more diverse. In addition, they have a full bar, while GL makes do with beer and wine.GL: ****, TT *****.Food:Greef Leaf really is as good as they say! Rolls are soft and fresh, salads are freshly prepared and adequately tangy, grilled items are well marinated and cooked just right. The noodle bowls and rice plates are nicely plated and the combo dishes are a good way to try a bit of everything. In contrast, Tamarind Tree seems to have lost a step. It used to be that their dishes could be counted upon to knock your socks off. Everything's still good but it just seems like things are more hastily prepared, cooked, assembled. For instance, the grilled pork/escargot appetizer arrived pale and oozing juice when it should have been well seared with a firm, moist interior. GL: *****, TT ***Price/Value: On average, Tamarind Tree prices are a buck or two more for main courses (appetizer prices are about equal). For a nice dinner for two, expect to spend 20 to 35$ at Green Leaf (drinks excluded). The same at Tamarind Tree will set you back 25 to 45$. Cocktails at TT cost about $7, give or take a buck. Overall, the pricing disparity is perfectly reasonable, given the differences in ambiance, selection, overhead, etc.GL: ****, TT ****Other/Intangibles:Both restaurants are incredibly popular and thus, expect to wait for a table (TT takes reservations, but it's something silly like "before 5 p.m. only"). For both places, it used to be that death-knell Monday nights was a good time to visit, but this has changed. So if you find this review useful, I implore you to stay home on Monday nights. (Besides, don't you need to recover from the weekend?)GL: **, TT **The Final Analysis:Oh come on! You weren't really expecting a clear winner, were you? Tamarind Tree is great for more fancy, more formal meals. Business meals, out-of-town guests and birthday dinners belong here. Green Leaf is comfortable, and gets the job done each and every time. Eat here for an excellent alternative to cooking or for casual meals with good friends. The bottom line - you can't go too far wrong with either!**This public service analysis was brought to you by the I. E. Toutalot Foundation. No $$, goods or services have changed (or will change) hands as a result of this review.
<review# 2893,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2007,10/11/2007,317,792,19,13,12>Does anyone have a friend named Will Power that they could introduce me to? When I saw that the teriyaki place on Fremont Ave. had been replaced by a new Herfy's I actually let out a little whimper. My autopsy will reveal arteries clogged with cheeseburgers and onion rings. But I'm an intrepid Yelper and didn't let a little thing like my imminent death stop me from checking this place out so I could write a review. That, and it was lunchtime. I was hungry.The cheeseburger, onions rings and pineapple shake are the same things I've ordered at Herfy's for the past, umm, lot of years. They were perfect. I don't mean perfect in a high falutin' Kobe beef, organic onions, put your napkin in your lap kind of way, but if you don't get it, I can't help. The menu seems too big - surely something is going to suffer - Teriyaki? Fish and chips? Chicken burger? But as long as the milkshakes remain the same, with every flavor under the sun, and the onion rings stay crispy and greasy, I'm good.So the place is now painted turquoise with big windows so you can see in minute detail what is going to cause your artery clogged death, and since it's new it's very clean. But the best reason to stop in here is that two walls are covered with colorful posters of every single cultural event taking place in Western Washington this summer. Art, film, concerts, festivals, readings, lectures, dance...every group represented from big names like PNB to little groups who probably needed a grant just to get the poster printed. Fast food and culture - what's not to love?
<review# 2894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,10/10/2007,4,32,2,8,4>The crepe cafe, located in Ravenna, is a great place for crepes if you're willing to spend the money.  I've been here for brunch and for dessert a few times, and have been pleased with the results.  The savory crepes are really, really rich.  They're chock full of stuffing, but if you have a sensitive or LI stomach like me, ask for "light on the cheese and sauce".  However, they crepes are all large (at least for me) and very filling.  The dessert crepes are to die for, but again, they are very liberal with their sauces and fillings, so if you don't want nutella or chocolate oozing out of your pores, ask for light on that as well.The restaurant itself is small and kind of tucked away along 65th, unfortunately kind of hidden behind some trees and a bus stop.  I kind of have a feeling that it hinders business because people can't see it easily, but at the same time, it keeps it from being overrun with customers.
<review# 2895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2007,10/9/2007,42,93,3,6,5>Ahh.  A resturant where I can support my food addiction, and a good cause, at the same time.I had a fantastic time dining at Farestart for one of their guest celebrity chef nights.  The food was excellent, and so well presented!  I can't remember the last time I had food this pretty.  This organization does a great job preparing and serving up great food, and has a great mission.  They deserve our support.
<review# 2896,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2007,10/8/2007,63,353,5,6,4>Following a belly-warming feast at Paseo, the cabal headed down to The Buckeroo.  The beer was cheap and cold, the two pool tables clean and inviting.  Honestly I didn't notice much about the decor because there were two pinball machines in excellent repair, a Simpson's and a Creature from the Black Lagoon.There were some cirrhotic regulars, true.  Yes, cash-only is a social filter.   It's a bar.  With pinball and pool.  Near a couple of great restaurants.  Sometimes you want to mingle with the shiny set, and sometimes you need a place like this.
<review# 2897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2007,10/5/2007,601,289,5,8,6>what is a girl to do?I just got done with LSAT class and was famished.  My brain drained my body of all it's energy and my stomach was protesting and asking for food.  So off we went to pioneer square for happy hour.  Remembering Maia's review of Contour's happy hour, i thought that would be the best place, but alas, their happy hour is only till 7.  (i got there at 10:30ish)so we walked a little more and we came across boka and the interior looked gorgeous.  Asked the doorman if hh was still going on, and he said, "Of course!"  yay!! went inside and was confounded by the design.  It was absolutely beautiful.  Cool, hip, relaxed, the perfect place to unwind.  When reading through the menu, i decided on the burger and olives.   the burger was the best burger i had ever had.  The fries were also awesome.  I think they drizzled truffle oil on it, because it had a slight sweetness but also tasted garlic-y.  And the burger... oh my goodness... it had stewed tomatoes and grilled onions on ciabatta bread it was really really really good.  so why the four stars you ask?  Well, the pinot grigio was left out for too long and it tasted funky... the server was nice enough to give me another drink (their hh watermelon margarita which was delish) but still, i found it interesting that they would let a pinot left out that long so that the taste would be bad.  so if you stay away from their pinot, you'll be safe.  so go here and eat, drink and be merry.
<review# 2898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2008,5/28/2008,77,222,22,14,13>I was so excited going in here today, my friend actually looked at me and asked:  "Do you look this happy after sex?"   Well, yeah, I kind of do. But the BE is more like my crack.  I love the Buffalo Exchange with an embarrassing needy don't-leave-me-baby-ever-ever kind of love.  Mind you, I hate shopping malls and Macy's and H&M and every other place offering cookie-cutter clothes made to look like you bought it in 1975 after Woodstock sort of store.  But I love, love, love digging around in the BE for one-of-a-kind stuff you can't find anywhere else.  I have endless patience for it, too.  A trip to the BE is like Wonderland to me - did Alice worry about her parking meter?  I think not. Today alone I scored a soft, soft black cashmere sweater, a "Brunettes Have More Fun" t-shirt, and a jacket with zipped pockets for beastie-walkings.  Plus, I love when I have a victim to play my favorite fantasy profession:  A stylist on What Not to Wear.  "Put that down,"  I like to yell at my friends as I pull a pair of pink and green sneakers away from them firmly.   They usually only volunteer for this experience once though. The trick to all second-hand stores is to go often.  I've been to BEs across the country, and the SF store on Russian Hill is the best of the best, but hey - the Ave store is only a mile from my house.  We'll go out again soon, My Little Buffalo.  Oh yes.  *Smack*
<review# 2899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2008,5/26/2008,765,551,16,13,12>I have this amazing ability to get into weird conversations with random people. Maybe it's my easy smile, the way I make eye contact and nod at passers by, or the big fucking neon sign over my head that says, "ARE YOU WEIRD? TALK TO ME!"Whatever the case, there's no better way to entertain yourself than discussing lesbian mud wrestling with the drunk/straight/male/bouncer of the place next Beth's who really just wants to bum a cigarette off you while you're waiting to be seated at 3am after playing a rad rock show at the Funhouse. (Say that three times fast without taking a breath.)Or listening to the awkward white guy sitting in his car bumping REO Speedwagon at loud volume outside Beth's. I'm not sure if he was an aspiring DJ or trying to impress the chick in the prom dress, but whatever he was doing, he made me proud for awkward white guys everywhere. I'm sure the local neighborhood absolutely loved that. I kept peering over my shoulder, waiting for some pissed off guy in his pj's to come down and blast a hole in the dude's trunk.If you're not particularly amused by the antics of the folks waiting outside, you can always head inside and play pin-ball or a video game while you wait. What's really fun is to pretend you're in the bathroom line (there's only a single unisex bathroom) and fake out the people who really have to go because they've just stuffed themselves with a 6 egg omelet and a milkshake and Nature is calling and she's dialing 9-1-1.Once you're seated, I've found that the wait staff are pretty awesome. Sometimes they're totally hot too, which is surprising at 3am. The menu is chock full of food that is going to make you chock full of food. I wasn't joking about the 6 egg omelet. If that isn't enough for you, there's a 12 egg option as well. Me personally, I decided chicken wasn't the only variety of protein I was cramming into my body. Oh no, give me a steak and eggs please, and make sure I've got tabasco for them hashbrowns, though they're pretty good on their own.What I was thinking getting regular coffee that early in the morning when the general plan was to go home and sleep, I don't know. Oh wait, yes I do: "LA LA LALALALALAAAAH LA LA LA LA LAAAAAH" to the tune of the smurfs. Yeah. That's pretty much what I'm thinking when I make the bad decisions in my life. I should have had the hot chocolate, it's awesome. So are the milkshakes. So's water, and it's free.Being a certified artist (I have a diploma somewhere that officially states that yes, I am an artist. Which also means I am proficient in flipping burgers), I tend to appreciate the customer created crayon art celebrating the gorging at Beth's, as well as random other subjects like UFO's and Mr. Hanky the Christmas Poo. Which... actually is kind of related to gorging at Beth's, at least in December.They sell shirts too. You can proudly proclaim you pigged out to the public with one of those bad boys. Me, I let the roundness of my gut do the talking. Which, after eating at Beth's, it doesn't do a lot of for quite some time, let me tell ya.
<review# 2900,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2008,5/25/2008,779,709,24,32,19>9:45 pm Easter Sunday. The peace of the home is shattered as blood curdling screams come from my oldest daughter's bedroom. I rush in to find blood gushing from her foot. It's a nice long slice down the center of her foot, and frack, it looks deepI grab the nearest clean sock, yell incoherently for the teenager to grab some gauze and a towel and get to the car, grab her and her foot, and head to the ER. At this point I am already kicking myself for switching health plans earlier this year...it means a longer drive of blood, scream and tears to get to Redmond.Her little foot was pretty swollen, and they did not want to stitch it like that. It was numbed and cleaned, iced and given little butterfly stitched with strict instructions to follow up at the Bothell clinic first thing in the morning.9:50 am. We arrive for the first available morning appt.  we are pulled in right on time, ready to go! We wait only a few minutes for the Dr. to come........she proceeds to wet a piece of gauze with water, wipe the foot, ask my daughter all of 2 questions and leaves to "make a phone call".  So we wait. 30 mins later she returns to tell us to go the ER. uhm.ok. we are ushered out of there so fast, and told nothing. not even a band-aid on the foot.My normally calm, gentile nature is diminishing. This is *MY* baby we are dealing with here. WTH?I call down to the Redmond ER on our way to find out what's going on. All I am told is 'xray" and 'copay".......WHAT??!  I'm going to be charged ANOTHER ER copay??? stop that train right there mister.  I paid $100 last night, just paid $15 a few minutes ago, and I'm driving down to shell out another $100?  At what point does my daughter actually get examined? or possibly treated? When do i reach "diamond " service and get actual health care here? We arrive just before noon.And wait.   There is not a single other soul in the waiting room at this point. We get to see some really ill looking fish and the lunchtime news. I observe one receptionist painting her nails. I observe receptionist number two continually flipping her hair for about 6 minutes. Either she is in desperate need of body and bounce conditioner or she has head lice.12:30 called back to the little room. Where we wait.  And wait.At this point no one has told us A THING about what is going on, why we are here. One nurse comes in and asks a few questions. and we wait.Another nurse comes in and asks the same exact questions. and we wait.Dr. comes in and finally we get to some actual info. They want x-rays, they are worried about foreign bodies and possible nerve damage.Okay...not good news, but it's news. Mommy can deal with facts.And we wait. Called for x-ray. Where we wait.  By this time, we have noticed a definite upswing in the number of people at the ER with us. It was a ghost town when we arrived, It is no longer!Down the hall to our left we have, " can't stop coughing" guy. To his left we have " it's either the flu or a brain bleed" guy. Across the way we have "volcano vomit lady" (think mount st helen's), down the hall to our right we have guy who looks like he has the plague and somewhere in this place we have "I am channeling your dying cat" lady, who literally is moaning 'ooouuucccchhh" over and over and over and over and over.Xray done, we return to our tiny room with it's bright yellow door. BRIGHT, flashback causing yellow. It is freezing in this hospital. I have to track her down a new warmed blanket about every 15 minutes, and I am so cold I'm about to rip through my shirt.About once an hour for the rest of our visit, someone new pops in, asks the same questions over again, allows crazy cat moan ladies screams to permeate with more volume, then leaves. We are waiting for ortho. Time to determine if nerve damage is possible. Oh, but wait! The doctor isn't going to examine her!  All they do is call him on the phone IN HIS BOTHELL OFFICE!!!!!!! Where we JUST WERE!   *gaah*Finally, they come in to numb the foot. They start at 3:10pm.and we wait. They return at 4:15 to do the 'real numbing". Mom has something to do! If you've ever had stitches this is worst part. My poor baby cried and twitched like it was the end of the world as that needle was inserted  into her wound to numb it up.  Whew, she survived!So we wait.4:50 they arrive to irrigate.  5:25pm finally gets her two loose stitches. It's been too long since the injury for "real" stitches now. 5:30 I head to the pharmacy. 5:45 they dress the wound and bring her crutches.The pool of friends and family I started has guesses of exit of 4:45, 5:30, 6:15 and 7pm. At 6pm, we are free. 5 stars for my baby living, 0 stars for  the waiting, uncoordinated care, lack of info, and unnecessary trip to ER
<review# 2901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2008,5/24/2008,25,8,20,16,16>First Trip to McLeod Res:A sincere request was made for me to reveal my left nipple to 5 strangers (3 female) sitting together at the bar.  I declined.Second Trip to McLeod Res:Bought 3 rolls of Shit Be Gone toilet paper as stocking stuffers.Third Trip to McLeod Res:Had magical conversation with 7 strangers (these strangers were more interested in Barack Obama than in my nipples, which I found refreshing).Two months later I traveled to a remote city in Mexico with one of those strangers-turned-inner-circle (from the THIRD visit, not the first).Maybe this says more about me than it does about McLeod, but I find something surprising on each visit .  While some surprises are more welcome than others, I am interested in returning simply for the adventure this place affords and the wacky mix of personalities it attracts.
<review# 2902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,5/23/2008,114,68,30,19,18>YAYS and NAYSNAY.Chicken Feet. The chicken feet were chicken feet-y. They looked like chicken feet. They smelled like chicken feet. They tasted like chicken feet. They had skin and bones and cartilage and nailclaws like chicken feet. They were stationed in pairs like chicken feet, with curled toes like chicken feet. They walked all around my plate like chicken feet. Down with chicken feet! DOWN WITH FEET TO EAT! * YAY. *Stuffed EggplantHoney Walnut ShrimpPork Humbow Shrimp Shumai Turnip CakesFried SquidBraised GreensSesame Pork PastriesNAY.Chicken Feet (down!)And not a hope of parking nearby on a weekend. Park up the hill and walk your [chicken] feet down.
<review# 2903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,5/22/2008,543,163,17,19,18>Having just days ago started a new job in the very building that houses this Portage Bay Cafe location (a very nice building that's LEED Gold certified and was constructed brick by brick by Paul Allen himself, I hear), I saw the signage for Portage Bay Cafe a number of times, thinking at first, "Wait, isn't that the place up in the U-District that everyone goes on and on about?" Of course, when I first thought that, I was entirely correct, because this location wasn't yet open.  Now, though, one would internally interject, "Wait, isn't this the second location of that place up in the U-District that everyone goes on and on about?"  And to answer yourself, you would think, "Why yes, yes it is the second location of that place up in the U-District that everyone goes on and on about."I lunched here on the day of their grand opening, pausing not a moment to contemplate what distinguishes a grand opening from what might merely be considered an initial opening.After walking in looking a little lost and being greeted quickly and warmly, I sat at the counter, which facilitated expedient service and allowed me a view into the goings on behind the scenes, although that's actually an overstatement because the kitchen is open to the rest of the restaurant.  How gauche to open a restaurant with a concealed kitchen these days!  The 6000 sq. ft. space itself is lovely and fresh feeling.  The tall ceilings, bamboo, light-colored wood floors, and plentiful, tall windows really open the space up.I missed the rush, which I heard was substantial, when I commented about how well staffed they were to my convivial, freckled server, having noticed a cluster of no fewer than 10 black t-shirted, khaki-pants-clad servers around a service station at the far end of the restaurant.  I suppose this would have explained what had become a glut of servers two hours north of high noon.After perusing the menu, I selected the halibut special from three specials that were being offered on opening day.  I suspect that the practice of offering specials will persist, and was not only for the GRAND opening.  I should mention that it was a difficult decision to make, as there were several sandwiches and salads that tempted my appetite, and breakfast is offered all day, and the house-smoked salmon hash nearly got the nod, as did the rare ahi sandwich.  I didn't want to miss the halibut special, though, as it sounded divine, and was certainly a better choice than the gut-bomb black bean burger I'd had at Blue Moon the previous day.  Suffice it to say, though, that return visits will satisfy my curiosity about the items mentioned above, and several others. My food arrived quickly, but with enough of a lead time that it was clear it'd been freshly prepared for me.  The portion of halibut was a healthy size and professionally presented.  It tasted delicious, the fish being cooked perfectly, soft and flaky but still pleasantly warm.  The reduction sauce was full of complementary butter and thyme flavor, with a hint of lemon.  The bite of the red onions and crispness of the other vegetables on top of which the fish was served provided an excellent counterpoint to the richness and delicacy of the fish and sauce.My server offered pleasant and efficient service, with a side of good humor, perhaps relieved at the passing of the lunch rush.  Someone obviously senior in the restaurant emerged from the kitchen at one point to retrieve something that was stored behind the counter, and asked me, "How is everything, sir?" I told him that everything was very good, but was quietly bewildered how someone who is obviously working much harder than I could show deference to me.  Perhaps I should have shot back, "Good sir, it is I who should be calling you sir, sir!  Keep up whatever good work you're doing back there!"I've had occasion to attend at least one other restaurant close to its opening--though not this close--and I've noticed more substantial hiccups than seemed to be present at the new Portage Bay.  Perhaps it would have been a slightly different story had I made my GRAND entrance at the height of the lunch rush, but given the levels of preparedness and the high level of staffing, both in the front line and the back line, I suspect that things went okay even during the rush.I should mention that the entree I selected was $11.95, and probably could have gone for $25 as a dinner portion at some of the more upscale places around town, considering its size and its quality.  Portage Bay also offers beer and wine if it suits your fancy for lunch or, um, breakfast.I'm not normally inclined to award five stars to an establishment that I've been to only once, especially a brand new one, but I was pleased enough with my experience there that I'll award this rating on faith and, with repeat visits, allow them to establish firmly that it is well deserved, though if what I experienced today is any indication, I'll be convinced shortly.
<review# 2904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,5/21/2008,17,34,46,11,12>Here's a little story about my blind date at The Sitting Room...***** On the phone before the date *****Him: Let's meet at 7 at The Sitting Room.Me: (thinking, perfect, good place, he's decisive...) That works for me.Him: Wear nice shoes.Me: Excuse me? Wear nice shoes?Him: Yeah.Me: (slightly confused) Ok...***** At the date *****Him: (arrives late, swaggers in, sits down) Why didn't you order me a drink?Me: (stunned... flustered!) Well... that would have been presumptuous... I don't know what you drink. I probably would have ordered wine and maybe you don't drink wine.Him: Yeah, I don't drink wine. You would have been in trouble.Me: (thinking, who is this guy?!) Excuse me, before this date proceeds, I need to understand the "wear nice shoes" comment. Who says that? I need an explanation.Him: I think you liked it.Me: (definitely flustered now) What?! No! Seriously, who says that? Why did you say that?Him: Well... it's just that this is a nice place and it would be inappropriate for you to wear running shoes or something.Me: Ok, a) it's weird that you'd assume I'd wear tennis shoes if you had not instructed me otherwise and b) we live in SEATTLE! Even if I did wear running shoes, no one would care!(everything goes downhill - WAY downhill - from there, but I got a great story out of the evening)-------------Things I love about the Sitting Room:1) Great location - Queen Anne but not right smack dab, so you can actually find parking with a little patience; close to bus routes too for those nights when you have one too many glasses of wine or for when you need to dash out of a bad date - just claim that you have a bus to catch2) Great atmosphere - Nice lighting, comfy seating, just generally a nice feel to it3) Good menu with options for sharing with a group4) Nice neighborhood place - There are regulars here but not so many that you feel like you're interrupting a private party if you're not a regular 5) Friendly servers... who are happy to confirm that it's fine for anyone to wear tennis shoes, even if they are a little casual - I asked!6) Finally, I love that I've had enough very pleasant evenings at The Sitting Room to wipe out any bad associations I might otherwise have due to one bad date
<review# 2905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2007,5/20/2008,704,321,15,14,16>Whenever I visit a shrine to the mighty rib, I'm usually underwhelmed by the surroundings. I've always reasoned that it's not about the furniture or decoration but about the rib. That's what make ribs so special. They actually override our other daily concerns and higher functions! Decorate? Hell no! I've got ribs to make and eat! Jones took the time to make a comfortable place to ram your face with the rib-cages of domesticated animals and I really appreciated that! The store front is actually comfortable, with a fireplace and dark wood furniture, and let me tell you... this place is sparkling clean! A total pleasure to eat here in comparison to the guy in Ocean Shores who cooks his near perfect ribs out of a mobile home window! What a rib should be by Scott K.Crispy with a Spicy sauce that doesn't hurt, but reminds you that it's there with a nice mellow heat. A nice smokey flavor and juicy moist and oh so delicious on the inside!These are VERY GOOD ribs, and hands down, the best I've had within city limits!Highly recommended!
<review# 2906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,5/19/2008,54,26,23,15,19>In my fantasy world, (the one where I am a lion-headed dolphin with wings and I rule the land) I get a birthday cake sized peanut butter and chocolate cupcake from Trophy delivered to my mansion every week.  Complete with the mountain of peanut butter frosting topped with peanuts and then SALTED!! I drag it off to my lair, laughing into the night and then dive my entire face in it until it's gone and no one thinks it's gross or indicative of a problem with my self esteem.  Then I fly away and surf on top of airplanes. My fantasy world is totally awesome.
<review# 2907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,5/18/2008,507,655,21,21,17>This review is brought to you by the letters X, Q, Y and the drink Pitilin Gorri. I appreciate the Basques using these rare letters, but I have NO idea on how to pronounce the words using them.I haven't given a 5-star review in a while, but, then again, I haven't had San Sebastian-style pintxos in a while. Pinxtos are essentially tapas' little brother - literally 2-3 bites per plate.We had the-Idiazabal (sheep's cheese in oil)-tortilla espaola (potato/onion omelet)-mojama (cured tuna)-barquitos y traineras (basically a little tomato sauce/garlic/cheese)-pera a la plancha (grilled pear w/ blue cheese)-calamares en su tinta (squid in its ink).All served on or with some delicious bread.However there were a few standouts and I went back for more of these:-ensalada de pulpo (octopus salad w/ a fried egg on top!)-pitilin gorri (red wine w/ orange soda)-kalimotxo (red wine w/ coke)Oh, pulpo salad, how I crave you.
<review# 2908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,1/18/2010,395,91,19,19,15>Presse this food right into my pie hole! I like Le Pichet so I'm not surprised I dig Café Presse. This place is paradisaical for drinks (tons of obscure liquors and liqueurs) and they get bonus points for making me a spot on corpse reviver aka my "adult lemon drop": refreshing, with that subtle nuttiness that hits you at the very end.I really think the key to enjoying french restaurants lies in knowing how to order. A cheese and meat plate (fromage and charcuterie assortments) with their baguette makes for several appetizing mini dijon sandwiches (perfect for 2) and the pommes frites are a good group schnack. I also love the fact that their menu is served all day (7am - 1:30am) so I'm sure they'll be seeing a lot more of me in the future for late night eatz on the hill. The one thing I must warn (for people who take these sort of things very seriously) is that their bloody marys are weak sauce. Watery (yes watery vs. strong) and destitute of any infamous "fixins" that make marys bloody fantastic. There was honestly ONE olive afloat in the barren pint sea- no bueno Presse! Also, mimosas served in champagne flutes are totally smirkable. It tells me you think I am an amateur brunch-goer that doesn't know there is only a smidge of alcohol in a glass like that. If you want to impress me hook it up in the white wine glass and do some work on your mary. It is only until these basic needs are met that you will be upgraded to 5 star status. mwah hahaha!
<review# 2909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,1/17/2010,24,167,12,14,9>OH PLEEEZ!  To the Janeane Garofalos who never stop bitching, you need to stay home.  How about appreciate a mom n pops joint for hustling their food.  Which is it?!  You want your broth to be made in small batches, or come from a satchel filled with MSG in a flash?  If you're looking for immediate gratification, then go eat some mediocre Pho down the street.For the rest of us, I'd say top notch ramen north of Seattle.  Their ramen bowls are generous in portion.  I'll eventually try all of em, but I got the Kalua Pork ramen and the bf got the shoyu ramen both with gyoza.  My kalua pork wasn't what I've been spoiled with but the shoyu ramen was MEAN!  The noodles are tender but chewy in a good way.  Liked the char siu, and kept picking at his bowl for menma, and kamaboku.  Makes me want to eat some saimin too!  The gyoza is so-so.  I give em kudos for pan-frying it and steam cooking it like the traditional way, but it's a bit soggy for my taste.  I'm used to the tops being crispy and the rest of the gyoza to be tender and juicy.  It's probably been frozen, flash-boiled, then pan fried to finish it.  *shrug* that's nothing serious in my book.Regardless, I'm happy to welcome Aloha Ramen to Greenwood.
<review# 2910,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2009,1/16/2010,188,480,8,24,9>As super happy as I am for the adorable Seattle couple who opened Delancey, I have to agree that the press who have to get excited about something month after month have totally oversold it. Everyone on Yelp knows I love to gush over anything fabulous, but I also hate the hypers who build up my expectations.The wait, based on the hype, is beyond annoying, and though the pizza is good, even very good, the topping selection is SOOOOO boring. If you're going to blast into the pizza world, enter with something a little more exciting that marguerita and a foraged mushroom. Give me more local ingredients, more novel combinations, something I can't get anywhere else on top of that fab crust you're pumping out.Maybe they needed to perfect simple before going all crazy, and I totally deserve flogging for not having gone through the pain of opening a restaurant myself. I know this is their baby and I'm happy for them, don't get me wrong, but the pizza is really just ok (for now).I'm hoping when the hype wears off, they will have enough experience under their belt to spread their wings and maintain a healthy clientele. They're off to a good start.
<review# 2911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,1/15/2010,189,149,7,10,9>Holy portions Batman!We got the family style meal where you can have 2 choices of each course for 4 courses. We started ordering it before realizing that it was actually for a minimum of four people, but our waiter, Greg, got special permission because it was late on a weeknight and they were slowing down. Still, I figured we would get single portions of each.No.Not even a little bit.Each of our courses could have fed 3 people, which means that 2 of us had food for 6! Needless to say we had another good 3-4 meals out of the leftovers over the next few days.Amazing service, great food, affordable wine list.... We will be back again and again. :)
<review# 2912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,1/13/2010,47,153,6,12,12>The pizza here is delish! I'm no expert, but as someone hot off a trip from NYC this is the closest to that style I've ever found in Seattle. We got the Cinco which has 5 different types of cheese. One of the best parts of the pizza is the crust, it's thin (not too thin) and crunchy. They have beer and wine for pretty cheap. My husband got a tall can of PBR for $2 and I got what I thought was a generous pour of house red for $3. After a couple glasses my face was feeling slightly warm. They have a ham and egg pizza that I'm dying to try. Apparently it's prosciutto and a few eggs cracked onto the pizza. We went the second week they were open, so the interior was kind of sparse, but I know they were working on it. Shortly after that time they also got 2 new ovens that cook the pizza more quickly. I look forward to returning many times in the weeks and months to come!I know a lot of people in Seattle trash White Center, but I don't think they try to fully appreciate the good things about this 'hood. Proletariat is one of them... walk across the street and there's another, Full Tilt. Walk a few blocks more and you have Big Al's, not to mention good Latino and Asian food. Awesome local businesses are putting out a good product, get your ass down here!
<review# 2913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2009,1/12/2010,65,77,8,8,10>Espresso is expensive. I love it, but I can't always afford it. Also, I don't have (nor do I want) an espresso maker at home. Thus began what I thought might be a painful migration toward the cheaper end of the coffee menu.Having been staunchly anti-drip-coffee in the past (born with the Seattle Coffee Snob Gene™ but stuck in the Folger's-loving suburbs for many years), I was pleasantly surprised to find that not only did I *tolerate* Caffe Vita's coffee--I freaking loved it. And I've now scientifically proven that it's damn good coffee because I just made some in an old Mr. Coffee and it was *still delicious.*
<review# 2914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,1/11/2010,117,196,9,17,12>"I like your earrings.""Oh, I love your earrings!""Those earrings are gorgeous."If you love my earrings, this is very likely where I got them. I get all kinds of compliments from friends, new acquaintances, and random strangers wherever I go! And while I'd like to chalk it up to my impeccable taste, I know it's really about Victoria at Harem and her sumptuous sense of style.Harem is filled to the brim with amazing treasures imported from overseas, artwork from a rotating collection of local artists, beautiful accessories for the home (and body), and of course, the music. Curious about belly dancing music? I purchased one here for a friend solely on Victoria's recommendation and absolutely loved it. My friend um, is not getting that cd. Sorry Suyen!So stroll on into Harem. It's across the street from Bliss Soaps, next to the restaurant on the corner. Grab some tea, spend some time browsing. Okay, a LOT of time. And forget about your budget because there's something for everyone. There are so many one of a kind pieces here you're bound to fall in love with something.
<review# 2915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,1/10/2010,144,320,4,8,6>I heard about the mac and cheese here at Slim's and my only regret after finally making it there a week ago was that I didn't get an entire bowl of JUST the mac and cheese. Anyway, we stopped in after an afternoon of beers nearby at the Two Beers Brewery. We were definitely hungry. As we looked over the menu, the bartender came over quickly and ordered our drinks. It was clear from the menu that you should definitely get a chili bowl layered on top of their Jalapeno Mac and Cheese. Most of us ordered the Brisket n' Bean which included pig Iron slow smoked brisket, ground Angus beef, fire roasted tomatoes &amp; red beans. We also got the "works" on top which included necessary toppings to enjoy the chili bowl. It was amazing. Period.
<review# 2916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,1/9/2010,212,249,11,15,16>You know how you drive by a place time and time again, and think, "Oh, I want to try that restaurant sometime..." and then never do?  That was me. I drove by Luna hundreds of times (right off the bridge in West Seattle) until finally I tried it, and now.. I'm in tastebud heaven!!If anybody's in search of that perfect sandwich, go to Luna Park.  The meat-to-bread ratio is IDEAL.  Plenty of fresh deli meat, choice of soft, toasted warm bread, and all kinds of dips and toppings.  The burger menu is varied and one of them is even named after my sister, Jackie.  (Well, maybe that's just a coincidence.)  Did I mention the fries?  When you see them, your stomach turns from a growl to a yelp.  Square-cut.  Hot.  Long.  Crunchy on the outside, soft potato on the inside, with a few squishy fries thrown in.  (If any of you love those softies like I do.. you know what I'm talkin' about.)Luna Park Cafe also specializes in plentiful salads, pastas, and breakfast food.  They serve breakfast all day!!  Holla!It has a 1950s mood, the servers are sweet, and even when I stop here after work for a to-go belly filler they are EXTREMELY fast and friendly.  Luna, you have a place in my heart and in my wallet now .. so what's up with that creepy logo with the smiling devil?
<review# 2917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,1/8/2010,38,51,13,10,15>Mona, I'll give you a four-star review in spite of the fact that you always leave me with a five-star hangover the next day. You always seem to attract chatty, interesting types from all walks of life. You're kinda sexy with that dim lighting and those splashes of purples and pinks, but you're not the classiest broad in town. I like that you're a little dirty around the edges. You know what I wish I didn't know about you, Mona? Your midnight special. I mean, is a beer and a shot at 12:00 a.m. ever a good idea? You have a way of talking me into it every time. Which is why I don't come around much, Mona. You're just a little more woman than I can handle.
<review# 2918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,1/11/2008,173,265,19,12,14>See ya later, alligator.In a while, Crocodile (Cafe).Go ahead, laugh, it helps with the healing.  If you'll excuse me, I think I need to go scream obscenities at the top of my lungs.  This can't be closed.  I want you to punch me as hard as you can (not literally; I just think I'm in a state of shock right now, don't listen to anything I say).NOTE:  As it has come to my attention that several people may have wanted to punch me as hard as they could, please let me say that if I get punched I'm not gonna just take it.  I'm gonna throw down so you best be prepared.  I'll bring a ruckus.
<review# 2919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,1/10/2008,24,6,3,14,11>My Coffeehouse is my refuge. If you are the mother of a baby or toddler and you need 1. caffeine  2. a bagel 3. some sanity --  this is your place. My Coffeehouse opened in 2003. Julie Parker (Madison Valley resident and mother of two young children) was the original owner. It is now under new management, but everything else is the same. (Sadly, Julie decided to move on and we all miss her!) The only difference I've noticed is that they have even friendlier baristas. The bagles are FedExed from New York. The coffee is always great. My daughter loves the big Thomas the Train set in the middle of the playroom. And now they've added friendly service. If you're a mom or dad and you haven't discovered this place, you need to come here for your next playdate.
<review# 2920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,1/9/2008,77,222,18,9,11>Given the fact that Netflix is so ubiquitious and going to the movies is so expensive - the Big Picture did a great job of convincing me to leave the house (which is not too easy to do, in all honesty.)How can you not love a movie theater that gives you a hershey's kiss when you pay?  Plus, a full bar if you're seeing a movie like Superbad which kind of begs for accompaniment.  The theater is kind of intimate, but that's the charm of it, and I really liked the bar area. It struck me as a good place to break up with someone. Sample dialogue:He:  I'm sorry, that's how I feel. She:  Fine. (Sniffles). Funny, you never cared how I felt about anything...He: Let's talk later. Let's just watch the movie. She: Fine. (Snuffles). See what I mean?  The perfect end to the break up conversation. The downside is:  Belltown. Please Hipster Boi - remove your stupid porkpie hat during the movie!  Short people can't see!  Gawd.
<review# 2921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,1/8/2008,114,68,42,33,23>Quick Survey. Are you transported by the thrill of discovery?Do you swoon over a great bargain?Are you patient and persistent in your pursuits?Do you have a keen fashion eye?Are you a pack rat?Do you have a high threshold for grody-ness?Do you have immediate access to a washing machine and a shower?If you answered yes to two or more of these questions, you may have a successful future shopping at Goodwill "By the Pound" Outlet.  Here's what $10.38 scored me: 1 pair of black patent leather gladiator sandals1 pair of black ankle boots1 pair of Dansko brown leather mary jane clogs1 straw expanding shopping bag1 pair unused nude fishnets1 classic children's book1 mini-filing box1 vintage cocktail dress1 Kangol corduroy hat1 Miniman children's frock1 baby seersucker romperBragging rightsIf you can hang (and you know who you are), then "go on, get" to Goodwill Outlet.
<review# 2922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2007,1/7/2008,222,363,13,10,13>Okay, so scenes from the movies DOGFIGHT and MY OWN PRIVATE IDAHO were filmed at the NiteLite. Hence the San Fran diarama (Dogfight w/ River Phoenix and Lily Taylor was set in SF), and the vinyl padding for IDAHO (maybe River picked out these places, he was sort of a freak ya know).And yes, my children, I am giving this delciously wicked dive bar 5 stars. Let's see I've been living in Seattle for over 10 years which means I've been frequenting this establishment for nearly 10 years. Elise H's husband once played John Denver's Rocky Mountain song like 20 times in a row, however I do believe I was able to squeeze in Neil Diamond's Cracklin' Rose (holla!) and Elvis Presley's Suspicious Minds, much to his chagrin! And of course the numerous times I've flashed my breasts is worth 5 stars, well depending on who you talk to. :o)Sandy is a wonderful, friendly lady and she would like for us to have a Yelp event there. I shit you all not, she told me and Lydia P that. Right, Lyd? :o)
<review# 2923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2007,1/6/2008,19,88,6,9,7>Do you ever find yourself in a mood where grocery store aisles are actually captivating? I confess that certain phases of the moon or conjunction of Mars puts me in a place where I can wander a store like Grocery Outlet for endless periods of time as a form of entertainment.The variety and stock is quite unusual. There might be rows of crackers in boxes designed to resemble name brands, that take a second look to truly identify. Garish canned soft drinks, odd collections of breakfast cereals, plus a mercantile selection that defies categorization. One might find camping accessories, tool sets and stuffed animals. The attraction is that amongst this bizarre array of frozen cactus blends and trail mix are some terrific buys. I have a thing for 100% juice drinks, for example. I can admit it here, amongst my close friends, unashamedly. Most stores have taken to charging $3-4+ per half gallon for the pure stuff, which offends me deeply. One can find the real thing here.. No Corn Syrup, for $2. This alone is worth the drive over from Wallingford. It might take a while to shop. You just have to check each row carefully. One time there may be a gallon jug of kosher dill pickles that simply can't be passed up. You never know what sort of treasure may be lurking in the frozen case.I'm always amused with the receipt that details "your savings". You might spend $11, but you will have saved $17 in the process. Check the website for the location of a store near you. There are quite a few around greater Seattle: groceryoutlets.com/home.…They're open till 10PM, so the entertainment aspect  truly offers a reasonable alternative to an early movie.
<review# 2924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,1/5/2008,54,26,15,10,8>Funny Story about Pike Place Chinese Cuisine....So, twice now, these poor folks have had help nurse me through the three ring circus I call "a hangover".  This term hilariously understates what actually occurs when I drink too much.  I'll spare you the gross details.  I will tell you that the last time I managed to drag my sad, sorry, whiskey soaked ass in there, I could only sit for about five minutes (just long enough to order) before running out to the not at all barf-friendly Pike Place restroom with their weird, peekaboo door situation (wtf??).  By the time I was all finished up with the humiliation festival, there was a glass of 7-up and some truly amazing food waiting for me.  I tend to avoid Chinese food, mostly due to the copious amount of grease those poor noodles and veggies are usually swimming around in.  Not so much an appetizing waste of a thousand or so calories.  There is exactly no extra grease or scary breading happening in their food, ever.  It is just exactly right and it tastes wonderful.  The veggies are bright and beautiful and slightly al dente.  The flavors are balanced and just hearty enough to take the worst possible booze flu and turn it into a well deserved coma.  Perfect.  And the view is incredible.
<review# 2925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2007,1/4/2008,67,45,16,16,14>Hair is great. I change my hair all the time, and I am damn lucky it doesn't fall out. Breaking the bank with multiple salon visits is not so great. So here is another one of my fashion budget friendly secrets.Phase 3 is right next to Gary Manuel and it is cheaper because all the stylists are students that are almost ready to graduate. I actually like going to Phase 3 better than going to Gary Manuel oooh la la fancy salon. Phase 3 is more laid back and my stylist and I talk about my hair in a very fashion forward technical way because she is in the midst of studying it. I like being involved in the chemical process and thinking about trends and fashion. Plus, the students run by their ideas and talk to a grand master stylist before they do anything to your hair. It is definitely a learning environment and there are dull and bright crayons in every box. So far I have saved money and ended up with a great cuts. The students obviously change all the time so my suggestion is to ask for someone good at what you need before you go. It makes it less of a gamble that way. For example I asked for someone good at color corrections because my hair hated me and threaten to go form a union and go on strike.
<review# 2926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2007,1/2/2008,43,33,8,10,11>Had breakfast here for the very first time...  I ordered "The Bull Rider" which is Chicken Fried Steak, Two Eggs, Hash browns, and Toast.It was delivered to our table promptly and after some rearranging on my plate (I'm kinda particular in how I like my breakfast real estate parceled out), I tried digging into my steak using only my fork- a tactic that has always served me well in the past.  The C.F.S. was having none of that nonsense, however.  I initially thought that it was a particularly tough bit of breakfast.  Turns out instead that the "Steak" in the Chicken Fried Steak is *actually* steak! Not ground up cube steak that's been re-formed to roughly resemble a slab of steak... An ACTUAL SLAB OF STEAK THAT'S BEEN CHICKEN FRIED!!!  Really, do I need to say any more!? I did not know that such things were possible... (single tear)The eggs, hash browns, and toast were good, too.My only complaint is that the gravy had a bit too much dill, but it was still pretty tasty.  This would be a great place to have the hangover breakfast!  Guess I'd better get to drinkin'...
<review# 2927,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2007,12/31/2007,0,0,21,20,21>Dear Wild Tiger,I've been told it's best to dole out criticism in a compliment sandwich, so here goes.I like your sauce. It's zesty but not overpowering and just plain tasty.But let me tell you something about pizza slice etiquette, When you are selling slices of pizza, it's bad form to just hand them to the person cold on a paper plate. If the pizza has been sitting out for a while, you are supposed to warm it up for a few minutes in an oven.Also, what's up with the 30 cent transaction fee for using credit or debit? Don't make me go upstairs to Sbarro in the food court!Anyhow, while I generally prefer a thinner crust, yours was not bad at all. Neither soggy, nor doughy, it had a nice bready consistency to it.That's my sandwich for your pizza.Sincerely,Michael Ooooh how I miss east coast pizzaPS - I'm easy to get more stars out of, just heat the stuff up!
<review# 2928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,3/13/2014,106,119,8,16,13>I love this bookstore with all my heart and I'm not saying this because I'm a biased Islander. This place truly is the bee's knees. Being an independent bookstore is tough these days but the resilience of this place never ceases to amaze me. Not only is their collection of books truly amazing, they also have high quality gifts, cards, candies, games, bags, etc. If I need to get a quick gift for someone special in my life, Island Books is the first place I go to. I LOVE the way the store is organized with magazines and completely unique, high-quality cards up in the front, then fiction and non-fiction titles in the middle (super well organized with cookbooks, travel books, etc tucked nicely to the right). Then you get to the back of the store which is the children's section and it's literally everything your childhood was. It has rows of magnificent books but also a small wooden play area where you can nestle in with a good book and get transported to another realm. If you don't want to sit in the children's section, there is a single couch seat in the fiction area and they don't mind at all if you just want to sit and read. If there is a book you want but they don't have, they will kindly order it for you. If there is a book you want to grab quickly, you can call in and they can put it aside. The staff have awesome recommendations and can really help you find the book you need. They also have monthly book club meetings that I've personally never had the pleasure of participating in but I have only heard great things. When I was in high school, I used to always line up at midnight to purchase the next book in a series (Harry Potter and Twilight) and they always made the experience even more special with their magic. They also host awesome authors and do fun readings for the younger readers. My writing isn't doing this store justice, so make sure you go and check it out yourself.  Island Books really is a magnificent place and I hope that you find what you're looking for--whether it's escape, solace, adventure, or a good laugh--at Island Books.
<review# 2929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,3/12/2014,348,385,11,17,15>Hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant in Seattle. I visited for the first time in 2009, then every subsequent trip to the Pacific Northwest, until I moved here in 2012.As a native Californian and Los Angeleno, I have to admit that pickins for [good] Chinese seemed quite slim when I moved up the Pacific Northwest. There seem to be tons of good Thai and Vietnamese restaurants, but decent Japanese and Chinese is scarce. So it should come as no surprise that the best Chinese restaurant is in the International District (or as us not-so-easily-offended refer to it as "Chinatown"). I mean, that is the mecca of ethnic food, at least in the Asian persuasion. I love everything about this place: location (good for parking), general ambiance (big space, always bustling, clean and inviting, etc.), price ( very reasonable) staff (always friendly and often remember me), and food (generous portions). Must haves: HOT TEA!!!!, hot & sour soup, mongolian beef, crispy green beans, and Yushan chicken. This place works for single dining or large groups. The hot tea is the most delicious tea I have ever tasted...toasted rice, I think it is? Oh man...yummers.Give it a try - challenge me if you can find better! But I will contend that this place will forever remain close to my heart.
<review# 2930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/11/2014,340,758,19,39,28>DUMPLINGS!!! Now that I have your attention, I have to tell you that you can find much more than dumplings at this unassuming restaurant. I ventured up north after being lured by Tom B.'s awesome post for an unofficial Yelp event. Singapore Dumpling Pacific is off the main road in a small strip mall. Drive slowly and if you miss it, go back. It's worth it! How much can $80 buy you? A tank of gas? A steak dinner? A movie plus drinks? Or...a ridiculously filling meal for 7. Here's the dishes we ordered: - DongBei Double Skin- Savory JellyFish- Soft Stir Fried Tofu- Mapo Tofu- Earth Threes (potatoes, eggplant, and green peppers)- Silky Sugar Sweet Potato - Chive and Egg Steamed Dumplings- Pork and Napa Steamed Dumplings- Chive and Egg Pan Fried Dumplings - Pork and Napa Pan Fried Dumplings - Pork Buns- Potherb Mustard Noodles- Dan-Dan NoodlesUm...okay. That list totally looked shorter when we ordered them one by one. Let me just say that aside from three dishes, I found everything on that list to be fantastic! I eat jellyfish but I'm not a fan so I stepped aside for that one. The dan-dan noodles had great flavors in the dish but the noodles did not absorb a single bit of it. The earth threes was not good. The veggies could have worked together but the consistency of each was a bit off. Now that we got that out of the way, I can get back to raving. My favorite dishes of the day are as follows: soft stir fried tofu, silky sugar sweet potato, pork and chive pan fried dumplings, and potherb mustard noodles. The tofu was a nice consistency and really had mild, appealing flavors. The silky sugar sweet potato was unlike anything I have tasted in savory form. I like sweet potatoes and I cook them sweet at home but this...I cannot get these out of my mind. Chucks of sweet potatoes covered with a hard, sticky sweet glaze. The first one that was pulled off the plate left a sugar string about a foot long. Awesomeness! The pork and chive dumplings were nice and crisp outside and tender inside. The potherb mustard noodles was a surprise since I had NO idea what to expect. The noodles, the broth, the pork...so comforting. So good. So perfect. I want to go back to there. NOW!
<review# 2931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,3/10/2014,813,361,13,28,24>Art of The Table is an experience, even during SRW. If you haven't been here, I suggest you put it on your list.It's located in the middle of an intersection in a residential area (aka decent parking). It seems this may have been a house that had a build out and turned into a restaurant. It's very cozy and has a comfortable ambiance. Each corner of the restaurant has something to offer whether it be an intimate area, community table, a peek through the kitchen, or a nice window seat. You can't go wrong. I'd highly suggest reservations be made especially since there's no turn around each night. The guests that come are the guests that stay. Just FYI when you make a reservation, you have to put $25 a person down. You will be charged for not showing up. Don't come here with people that will flake on you.Having been here for SRW your portion sizes are small but gives you a good idea of the food they serve in case you want to return for a bigger portion with a bigger price tag. I started off with the salmon crudo. There was a nice depth of flavor, each bite was consistent and delicious. The sauce was bright and refreshing next to the salmon. Ordered the fish as the entrée. The skin was crispy and flavorful. I didn't feel the actual bites were seasoned very well but it was so well cooked it flaked with perfection. Ordered the chocolate pecan pie with maple ice cream for dessert. I loved, loved, loved the pecan pie. Maple ice cream was good but I liked the tart better.Friend got the pumpkin soup which was DIVINE. I normally am a soso fan of pumpkin (unless I make something or another at home and can control the flavors and spice level associated with it) but this was so dreamy, melt in your mouth, give me more, delectably delicious I wanted to take a bucketful of it home. You will want to lick the bowl. Yumoooo!! Her meal then followed with the brisket. This was smoked to perfection, well seasoned and pulled tenderly. The slaw was such a great compliment. She also enjoyed the same dessert as I did.Other friend ordered the vegetarian meal. He said he enjoyed it, but I know he left hungry, as the portions were very small. The non vegetarian portions are small, too I just feel protein is "more filling" than a veggie portion at a place like Art of The Table. Also, during my  meal, a bee flew into my food (zoom zoom) mid food photo shoot and died a slow death since his wings were weighed down by the sauce (poor bee!). Everyone at my table was staring in silent awe because it was just so odd to see. I told the waiter and he asked if I'd like the meal replaced or for them to scoop the bee out. I asked for my meal to be replaced and they happily and apologetically did so. Having been in mid picture taking, I could tell they fully replaced the meal because the cut of fish and the sauce's accents were different. I really appreciated that. We also had our own table, which was nice.Overall, I really enjoyed the experience. If each part of the meal was executed as a home run I would have given it more stars, but feel they deserve the rounding up for excellent customer service, ambiance, seasonal ingredients, freshness and quality.I was very satisfied with my experience here and believe everyone should try this place at least once. It's very apparent there's extensive thought put into each component on their menu. A well thought out menu gives me the sense that they really appreciate their customers 100%. In turn, their customers appreciate them for making their meal the best it can be.
<review# 2932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/9/2014,1566,318,9,13,11>When left to fend for myself, my favorite meal of all appears to be Chinese food...it doesn't matter if it is dine-in, take-out or delivery...I like Chinese food.I have perhaps dined in most if not all, Chinese restaurants in Kitsap County, but it has been some time since I've enjoyed the Mandarin Restaurant.Tonight I felt like delivery, so I ordered Chicken Chow Mein...lots of veggies, some chicken and a great sauce. I also ordered Pork Egg Foo Young...not bad, I've had tastier... then of course I "need" hot & sour soup.My meal arrived hot...very tasty...quick delivery...and at an agreeable cost. This restaurant is owned and operated by Bennie and his family, along with two local gentlemen that have worked with Bennie for quite a number of years. The restaurant has been a success for perhaps 15-20 years. That speaks loudly for the meals that are prepared and the level of customer service.Awesome...easly a 5-star...!!!
<review# 2933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,3/8/2014,645,1150,14,21,17>Oak could well become a favorite neighborhood watering hole, taking into consideration its extensive and creative drink menu.   The Indie music is a definite plus (even if it's played a little too loud).  We came here last night and upon entry, were greeted by what seemed like the smell of wort, though I'm unsure if there's actually a brewery on the premises.  While there were only a few people when we arrived just after six, Oak was definitely hopping an hour later.  I don't know if Oak has air conditioning (being Seattle, they may well not), but Oak was rather warm, stuffy and humid.  A thermometer on one wall indicated a temperature just short of 80, and hitting 80 by the time we left.  Because I had stuff to do later in the evening, I demurred on the temptation to quaff a cocktail.  However, JP got a glass of house red, served in a mini Ball jar.The food menu looked great and I went with the Chicken Pot Pie (after receiving assurances from our friendly waiter that it didn't contain rosemary).  JP had planned to just eat like a bird and ordered only the mixed greens, which I also asked for to go along with my pot pie.  Even though we had already ordered, when JP noticed curry chick peas on the Daily Specials chalkboard, he requested an order of the peas.The mixed greens with balsamic vinegar were pretty good.  Though nicely and thoroughly tossed, there was a smidge too much balsamic vinegar, making the greens overly tart. On the other hand, the chicken pot pie was primo, and I would come back for that.  The baked-to-a-perfect-golden-brown crust was tender and the chicken, potato, peas and carrot filling seasoned perfectly.  Delicious!!   The curry chick peas looked a lot like Cocoa Puffs.  Their aroma made me think I had stepped into Namaste in Portland.  While the curry on the peas was just too overwhelming for me, I did enjoy the flavor of the clumps of a green sauce (chimichurri?) that had been sprinkled through the chick peas.Service was very good, though I sense Oak might be a little understaffed when there is a full crowd.  Nonetheless, we like Oak and will return.
<review# 2934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,3/7/2014,168,890,7,11,9>Holy awesomeness! How have I not been here before? An old friend and I came here thanks to a recommendation from her friend.This place is located in Capitol Hill and is a great place for breakfast/brunch/lunch - maybe even dinner. We decided to get an early start to the day and arrived around 9 am for breakfast. The place was already hopping but we were able to get a seat right away. The menu here is awesome - they have things like bacon jam which sound amazing. The drinks are also served in mason jars which is a nice touch. I also love that they have good vegetarian and gluten-free options. I'm on day 2 of a gluten-free diet and they had more than a few items to choose from.I opted for a burger with salad and my friend had the pork belly with waffles. Both were really good - my burger was pink on the middle so if you like your burger a little more well done, you should ask for it. I liked it though so it was fine for me.The only thing was that our server was a little crabby. He was efficient and on top of things, just didn't really seem like he wanted to be there. Oh well. Parking is challenging around here...especially for those of you who are challenged when it comes to parallel parking. There's a lot nearby which was a whopping $12 for the weekend rate. This place fills up - by the time we left around 10:30 am, it was packed and there was a huge wait. Get here early!
<review# 2935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,3/6/2014,155,152,9,25,21>Saturday night and we're late for a party. Let me rephrase that. Saturday night and I'm ready to leave. The rest of my family is still doddling -- getting dressed, looking for shoes, putting on makeup -- you know the drill. I figured that we were likely to be out late, so it was probably a good idea to give our cat "L" her insulin shot before leaving. If you're a regular reader of my Yelp reviews, you already know that I have a diabetic cat. (See my ROTD review for NE Vet Clinic: yelp.com/biz/northeast-v…). Caring for a diabetic cat is relatively easy and after a short amount of time becomes very routine. As I finished the shot, I said aloud, to no one in particular, "I gave L her shot." Shortly thereafter my wife emerged from the bedroom and said those eight words every husband dreads hearing: "You're not going to wear that are you?" "Uhhhhh....." Really what's the point of even responding? Instead I just walked in a dejected manner back to the bedroom to try to pull something together that would be acceptable. Within a few minutes I was transformed and got the thumbs up sign upon returning to the living room. And then my wife uttered another sentence that I dreaded hearing. "I gave L her shot.""Nooooooo......" Needing to figure out if this was a problem I did a quick search and quickly realized that, yes, it was a problem. I tried calling NE Vet, but they were already closed so I did the logical next thing, I pulled up Yelp and found ACCES which is an acronym for Animal Critical Care and Emergency Services. I called the number and the phone was answered immediately. I explained our situation and the woman on the other end asked to place me on hold so she could speak to the vet. Less than two minutes later, Dr. Gill was on the line. He asked several questions such as the type of insulin and the amount administered, and said that there were two options. Either we could try to monitor L throughout the night, feeding her every two hours and keeping an eye out for symptoms of distress, in which case we would need to bring her in immediately. Or, we could bring her in now and they would hook her up to an IV so they could proactively watch her blood glucose level, help her to maintain fluid and get plenty of food. The answer was pretty clear. We were in no position to care for a cat with potential insulin poisoning, so into the pet carrier she went and within minutes we were at ACCES.They took L back to be examined and I completed the intake paperwork before moving over to the waiting area which is sparse but adequate, and includes free wifi.Within 15 minutes or so Dr. Gill came out to discuss L's prognosis. Although her blood glucose looked fine at the moment, even a bit high, it would in all likelihood drop so they would monitor her though the night and make adjustments as necessary. He then showed us his clipboard and said he would take us through the estimated costs. The low end of the range was $623. The high end of the range was $919. But, he assured us that the bill would only be at the high end of the range if L had to spend a full 24 hours at the hospital. We paid a deposit (the amount of the low end of the estimated bill) and the staff offered us an opportunity to say goodnight to L before heading out. We checked in around midnight and were told she was doing fine. By the next morning, 8:00AM, when we called to check on her, she was ready to go home. According to the report we got from the hospital upon picking L up, she had suffered a decrease in her blood glucose so I'm glad we didn't try to self-administer care.In total, the bill came to $523.70 - $100 less than the estimate - which is great, but still plenty expensive for a 16 year old cat. Here's how it broke out: Exam $99IV Catheter & IV Fluid Initial Set up $158.00ICU Care Level 1 (per 12 hours) $116.25Injection - Administation $34.00Additive - Dextrose 50% (per ml) $4.45Glucose - Glucometer $32.00Clucose - Additional $60.00Glucose - Additional $20.00Total $523.70Unfortunately it was only after we got home that we realized they sent L home with the IV still inserted in her leg. It didn't seem to be bothering her, but we did have to take her back to ACCES to have it removed. Fortunately they are so close to our house that it wasn't a big deal. They were very apologetic and embarrassed and we appreciated the follow up call a few days later to check in on how L was doing - which was just fine! There was one moment from the entire visit that has stuck with me. When I was picking up L after her discharge, there was a fellow there who obviously had just put down a beloved pet. The poor guy was terribly broken up and seeing him carry his empty pet carrier out the door, well you couldn't help but feel for him. And that, of course, is why you end up spending $500+ on a 16 year old cat in the first place.
<review# 2936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,3/5/2014,177,166,8,11,10>I attended a volunteer event at the Kirkland Teen Union Building and I was really impressed with the work that they do at this center. Each Friday is "Teen Feed", a safe place for kids to find a hot meal and hang out with others their age. Being in need is not a requirement, kids from all backgrounds appeared to be represented during my visit. I learned that the center provides some job training, including having the teens run the on site cafe. They have job training classes for baristas, including latte art! Career coaching, culinary art classes, yoga, piano, all kinds of cool classes! Music shows, open mic, art, plenty of activities keeping the local kids out of trouble. The center also provides many opportunities for kids to volunteer. Love it!
<review# 2937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,3/4/2014,33,261,7,15,9>I have only been to Sunday brunch at Salty's and I may never go for anything else. Their brunch is hands down fantastically delicious. First things first - make a reservation. Salty's brunch is insanely popular making it insanely busy. Play it safe and make a reservation. Second, bring some cash for the valet unless you want the joy of trying to park on a weekend on Alki. Personally, valet makes your life easier. Third, prepare to wait even with a reservation. When you manage to push your way through the crowd to the podium to announce that you're here and ready for tasty food they'll check you in and then you get to wait a couple minutes while they find somewhere to seat you. Fourth, enjoy the complimentary donuts and the view. Upon being seated they will offer you little, delicious donuts, and a drink menu. They offer that you can glance around the buffet. Take a minute to nibble on the donuts and relax and enjoy the view. It is a gorgeous one. Also, if you get up before eating those donuts don't be surprised if your table mates eat them while you're gone. Fifth, come hungry. Salty's offers a giant buffet - crab legs, salmon, smoked salmon, lox, shrimp, omelet station, crepe station, pasta station, chocolate fountain, caramel fountain, cakes, French toast, pancakes, oysters, prime rib, ham, eggs, cinnamon rolls, and so much more! Table after table piled high with delicious food awaits you! Eat and eat well my friends!
<review# 2938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/1/2012,669,404,8,10,8>I can now breath a breath of fresh air now that Pho Tai has opened in Fife. I was beginning to think that I had tried them all in the Tacoma area and there was nothing left worth living for. Not so. The takeout menu looks identical to the ones you get at Pho 38th (Tacoma Mall) and Pho Tai in Lakewood so they must be related someway. I absolutely heart a brand new pho restaurant...why? The ingredients are brand new (FRESH!). I had the Gyoza, Spring Roll, Bahn Mi, and Chicken Pho. The Gyoza was great, the spring rolls was OK, the Bahn Mi was served on a non-french roll type of bread which actually worked better, and the pho had plenty of flavor.Overall: the menu is extensive and will require some return trips but if this place keeps up the level it is currently at then I may have to sell my house and move-in.Consistency - 5Quality - 5Cleanliness - 5
<review# 2939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,11/30/2012,201,351,4,8,6>Our power was out and we were starving so we hit up Contos for the first time to try them out. The place was packed and we waited a while for a table but I'd say it was worth it. They had quite a few menu items to choose from so whether you wanted pizza, pasta, salad or a sandwich, Contos has you covered! I was surprised to see a full bar in the place but I'm definitely not complaining. My husband and I got deep fried ravioli's, salads and a pizza to share. Everything we ordered was delicious. I was very pleased with the food, service and atmosphere and it wasn't because I was buzzed off wine!I will be back for sure to try some of their other items and who knows....maybe I'll get a meatball sandwich next time! Yum!
<review# 2940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,11/29/2012,212,249,10,17,12>OH, you delicious baked fluffy salty pretzel you - how are you only $2?  I love you.This is one of the best spots in the CC neighborhood.  Just filled with pleasant, friendly people enjoying a pastry or a beverage and nice company.  Plenty of seating, in or outside.The people who work behind the counter are unbelievably sweet and smiley, which I appreciate of course.Also, I don't know what Chris S. is talking about - my mama bought a bear claw and and it was not $4.50; it was around $2.  (Same as my pretzel, which was worth every penny.  Dare I say, even better than the ones from Leavenworth?  Yes.)
<review# 2941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,11/28/2012,93,297,4,9,6>I have wanted to try this place for awhile since one of my Yelp friends always like coming here. There are so many items on the menu to choose from which can take some time if you want to try them all. They have soup noodles, fried noodles and your entree items if you want a full course meal.My gf and I both got soup noodles which you can also order dry if you want to add your own broth from a separate bowl. We both enjoyed our noodles and the portions were a big size which made us very full at the end. The other item we got were the garlic butter chicken wings. They were very lightly crunchy with the batter, but tasted better with a little sweet and sour sauce on the side. Definitely my favorite dish of our whole meal.The place was totally packed for our Sunday lunch and we waited a good 10 minutes before we were seated. The restaurant itself is not very big and can be considered a whole in the wall. Good fast service with good prices. Definitely a must try again for me in the future!
<review# 2942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,11/26/2012,135,199,11,11,9>They say you always remember your first time.  Well, I hope they are right because I just had my first authentic cheesesteak sandwich and I want to remember that experience forever.  I have always loved what I call "city food", that is food that you can grab from little corner joints whenever you get the craving for something. Coming from Chicago it was Italian Beef sandwiches and Hot Dogs, in Philadelphia it is cheesesteaks, and now Georgetown has it's own piece of Philadelphia on the corner of Carleton and East Marginal Way.  I had been so anticipating this place they knew me by name just from my Facebook comments on their progress reports and pics.  Jen and the rest (Of course I remember the cute girl's name, sorry guys I'll learn your names to, at least I remember your delicious sandwich for now) were just so friendly and welcoming, great first for me and I can't wait for my next one.
<review# 2943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,11/25/2012,519,323,7,12,7>I had been to Barrio in Bellevue and had mediocre experiences, however I decided to give the Seattle Barrio a try, and I'm really glad I did.  I took my girlfriend out for brunch last Sunday to celebrate her graduating from nursing school.  It was a beautiful day and they had all of the windows open so the outside could be enjoyed, while sitting in the cool restaurant.  The chairs were oversized and super comfy.  Our server was awesome.  He was extremely patient and went over the drink menu with us when we weren't sure what we wanted to order.  All drinks were $6, as they have a Sunday special where all cocktails are that price! For our meals, we both chose breakfast items.  I already knew I wanted the pork belly benedict, and it did not disappoint!!  The pork belly was sweet, salty, and very tender.  Everything taste wise was spot on, however the hollandaise was a bit gloopy.  It still had great flavor, but it didn't seem like it had just been made fresh.  Also, both of our eggs were slightly underdone.  Undercooked eggs to not bother me at all, but just a slight technical flaw there.  One other slight gripe was that my brioche was toasted a little on the blackish side.My girlfriend tried the fried chicken and poblano waffles.  I had a bite of hers, and it was very good, but not as good as mine.  Her fried chicken was a little on the dark side as well, and could have used probably a minute less in the frier.  I loved the maple syrup that was studded with chiles.  I decided to splurge on the churros, and our gracious waiter ended up comping them as he knew we were there for a special ocassion.  He saw the graduation gifts I had given my friend and told us the churros were on the house.  Unexpected, and truly appreciated!! They were light and fluffy and the chocolate dipping sauce tasted great, but had seemed to seperate and was a bit oily.  It still tasted great though.Overall we had an amazing experience!  I would give 5 stars if it weren't for the minor technical flaws.  I know I'm being picky, but only having gone once, I have a hard time handing out 5 stars without having received consistent service and food on multiple ocassions, so it just means I need to return and then update my review!  The service though was spot on spectacular, and I will definitely return, especially on a Sunday for brunch.  What an enjoyable way to start the day!!
<review# 2944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,11/24/2012,88,172,7,17,7>I haven't been excited about a Canadian Bar since I stumbled into The Keg in Hong Kong's Lan Kwai Fong district! It's a privilege to be the first review for the new occupants of the old Pig N Whistle location. They wrote on the window "Bring your favorite Canadians" (American spelling) and so we went as a party of two Canucks and two Yankees to check it out today for lunch.The main highlight on the menu was the Poutine - in fact, they have a "Poutine flight" for $8.95 which has three different gravys. I had the Canadian BLT (Peameal on a bun). There is a "Ginger Beef Skewers" dish which is infused with Maple Syrup but does not have any actual skewers per se. We finished off with the Canadian classic - Beavertails. Everyone enjoyed their meals although the word "salty" came up a lot. I'm personally still curious why Poutine in Seattle, whether here or at Skillet, has herbs sprinkled on it. That's new to me. Their menu for starters is small but I hope to see it grow more - perhaps the addition of Montreal Smoked meat or other Canadian delicacies (Timbits?)...Tim Horton's drip coffee might be a nice touch as well.Love the decor - the National Anthem posted up on the wall, a mountie statue, maple leaf candleholders... great start but looking forward to see it reach its full potential!
<review# 2945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,11/23/2012,601,289,7,12,11>impressionwhen my besties from college flew into seattle to visit me, they were famished.  After a long airplane ride, they were ready for some tasty food that had a comfort food feel.  Since there aren't that many korean restaurants near downtown seattle, i thought i'd take them to revel.At first, they were a bit skeptical.  They wanted some homegrown korean food, but i convinced them that this place was a great take on the land of the morning calm's food but more modern.  when the food came out, the chattyness of our catch up conversation quelled as we were consuming the food with such delight.  We ordered the beef shortrib rice bowl and pork belly with kimchi and it was very tasty.  What a way to start a trip.
<review# 2946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,11/22/2012,386,1001,9,14,10>I absolutely love this place. It does everything well that it needs to do, and it has a lot of individual quirks that make it a place you love instead of just a place that's good to grab a bite. That said, it's a no-frills joint right down to the ground, so go in with the mindset of finding good food at a great value.It's in an older strip mall in Kirkland, with modest signage. It's right off 405 though. You walk in and it's three tables and a snapple cooler. But if you look closely, you start to see what makes this place entirely its own. The tables are vintage; cool brightly-colored 50s and early 60s relics with matching chairs. There are framed cowboy posters on the wall, and lots of community-minded signage and family memento-type stuff on the opposite wall. A guy named Nick really does own the joint, and his kids work most of the shifts here. Nothing about the decoration has any direct impact on your meal, but everything here is here because the family likes having it. You get the same vibe from the way they treat customers. They talk to regulars like they're old friends, and they great newbs with courtesy, grace, and enthusiasm. Some people just need to work in a business like this, and that makes this place feel like it needed to happen. What really matters, though, is the food. 60% of the floor space here is pantry and kitchen. Yeah, they do a metric ton of to-go orders. That seems to be the heart of their business, actually. They call themselves a Kirkland original, and it seems like every two minutes somebody's walking in for another bag of burritos they've all had hundreds of times.Anyway, the food. First and foremost, they toast the tortillas on the flattop before they assemble the burritos. This should be a given, but, unfortunately, you can't count on it everywhere you go. You can order the basic varieties of meats as a filling, you can super size it, you can call a spice level. You'll get fresh chopped vegetables, perfectly cooked rice, and delicious protein in whatever you order. The steak burrito seemed to be made with some kind of spicy bbq sauce, tangy and a little peppery. It was delicious. If you're dining in, the burritos come out in little plastic trays with checkerboard waxed paper. They're wrapped ultra-snug in tinfoil, and when you first pick them up, they feel like steel bars. They're so tightly packed and the tortillas are so evenly toasted that they feel hard to squish. This bodes well. You unwrap a little as you go and eat carefully, and you still end up needing the fork they gave you, because you can't leave any scraps. Tastes too good. With a pop, it was about $10 for a regular size burrito. Not the cheapest burrito by any means, but healthfully made, and more than enough food. Compared to other food made this well, it's a screaming deal. I'll definitely be checking out the sandwiches and stuff on return trips. Been coming here for years and finally started checking in.
<review# 2947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/21/2012,129,291,16,14,14>There's a point to this story, I promise. I've seen the same doctor since I was 4 years old (I'm now 30). The last time I saw my doctor we looked at his notes from that very first visit in 1985. I wasn't surprised when he reported that I had told him "I love soup," because, holy cow, I STILL LOVE SOUP! Always have. Always will. Aloha Ramen did not disappoint, even on a hot summer day, I loved this soup. YUM. Maybe it helped that they keep it so cold inside, I didn't notice that it was really too hot of a day for soup. Even though apparently the combo meal is the way to go, I opted to only get the ramen and take a bite of someone else's garlic rice. I'm glad I did because that ended up being a lot of food! I got the spicy garlic ramen and it would definitely be a hard sell to get me to order anything else, it was so good. A great find in my own new neighborhood! I know I'll be back on the regular.
