<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,3/2/2014,212,596,5,11,8>I have been here a few times, but never for the Saturday Adult pool party; only on Fridays and Mondays so far.  But, on those days it is AWESOME.  It can still be a party, but it's not super crowded.  I originally posted my review under the pool bar, so I'm reposting hit here for those who might want to know about more than just the Saturday Dive party.  It's open daily during the summer and I love the 8am-8pm hours and only $10 to get in ($9 with a players club card)OH. MY. GOSH.LOVE THIS PLACE!I've been trying to find a cool place to hang out in the summer on my days off.  I wanted a pool of course, but a really nice pool would be even better.  I'd be okay with just that, but even better if there were food and drinks.  Harrah's made this happen!The new pool at Harrah's Rincon is awesome.  It's split into two sections.  One side has a lazy river (although sometimes it isn't that lazy and gets moving pretty swiftly!) and is for people of all ages.  The rest of the pool is for adults over 21!  Hooray!  There is a bar that is accessed both from the walkways and from a pool connected to the bar.  There is also another large pool for swimming (it can be a cold one sometimes!) and there are a bunch of little jacuzzis all around the site.  It's perfect.  Tons of lounge chairs and there are cabanas, day beds and some even more comfy chairs that you can rent for extra $$$.  I'm too cheap for that, but not too cheap for the mere $10 it costs to get in Sunday-Friday.  On Saturday it turns into an Adult Day Club and I don't know if I'm up for braving the crowds that brings, but on a Friday, it's LOVELY.You can grab your drinks at the bar or they have waitresses that serve them.  They also serve food and I thought the food prices were pretty good for what you got.  The drinks are about $10 for mixed drinks and $6 for beers, in general.  I had a giant plate of carnitas nachos for $15 and had to share it with my husband, who also had the chicken strips for $8.  Both were tasty and a good value.The staff were all friendly and helpful.  They also kept it clean, which is nice.  Public Pool bathrooms can get pretty grungy, but these looked like they were kept up throughout the day.  The only thing was the bathroom was a little small... only three stalls!So, it seems like a killer deal at $10, but by the end of the day, we were more like out $80 between entrance, drinks, food, and tips, but it was a lot of fun and we had a great time.  The only negative to me is they don't let you bring anything in... even water, which I think is jacked up.  The waitresses should just deliver water to everyone.  We had a waitress at another pool do that without even being asked and she raked in the tips.Suggestion for swimmers:  you can actually grab an inner tube from over at the lazy river and bring it to the big pool for floating.  LOVE THAT.  And I also like to let a little air out of them so they are more comfy for lounging!I will definitely be back.  I loved lounging in the pools, floating on the lazy river and napping on my lounge chair.  But, you should not go here, I don't want it getting crowded and ruining my fun.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,3/1/2014,275,569,2,9,6>They are really reasonably priced. I have gotten suits, pants, various articles of clothing hemmed here in the past, and have always been satisfied. Most recently, I brought my wedding dress here to be altered. It cost quite a bit, but was really reasonable considering the work that needed to be done. I had to have the bust and waist taken in, which alone was a lot of work, due to the ruching [or whatever it is] on my dress. I also needed to have it hemmed, which was also a lot of work since I had a large train and the dress had 5 layers. I would not be surprised if these alterations cost significantly more elsewhere. When they were done, the dress was perfection. I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/28/2014,172,396,6,8,7>What a great day to spend outdoors on the patio at Yellow.  I don't come often, so when I do visit Yellow Deli I always feel like a pleased, feeling like a first time customer all over again.  The dishes I order from the menu each time I'm here,  always come pleasing to the eye and leaves my taste buds happily,satisfied.The customer service hasn't failed me either.  I'm a stickler for great service, it just makes the overall experience whole and will have me returning without any doubt.Thank you Yellow Deli for continuing to have good work ethics and great food!  I'll certainly return for another eating delight!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,2/27/2014,369,100,5,13,5>If you are reading this and haven't been to A Delight of France then you need to keep reading and COME HERE!I rarely give out 5-stars and if they had half stars I would give this place four and a half stars. From the service, the coffee, the pastries, the food, and the decor...all great in their own way. I've been here for breakfast and lunch. I really like to start my day here. The decor is homey and artistic--it definitely has its touch of French influence. You can sit inside or outside in the patio. I like how the inside to the front entrance/patio is open, so if you are inside you still get the best of both worlds. It's very open and not cluttered when it comes to seating and table arrangements. I'm sure they could had a few more tables, but the space is just right for buyers on the go and customers that want to sit and enjoy their food there. Speaking of food....let's get down to business shall we???TIP: Get the baguette over the croissant! I do love croissants, but their baguette's are sooooooo good and fresh, especially with their homemade jelly! My mouth waters just thinking about it. I probably asked for three re-fills on the baguette basket they give you while you wait for your food to come to your table. If you like their jam they also sell it there and they also sell their baguettes. Food:Eggs Benedict - I'm a sucker for Eggs Benedict ($9.75) and I like to try this at new restaurants I'm new to. I do love salmon, so I got the Salmon Benedict ($11.25). You can never really go wrong with Eggs Benedict and A Delight of France has a great EB. If you are indecisive like me, I would get this for first timers. Instead of a English Muffin they use Brioche bread, which is a good change of pace. The crust had its crunch and the middle was chewy and fresh. I'm assuming they toast the bread longer so when you break the yoke the bread doesn't become soggy so fast. I've had the ham and the salmon EB and I like them both, it just depends on my mood and if it's pay day or not ;)Gourmet Three-Egg Omelette ($9.50) - If I'm feeling a lil cheesy, I'll get this. You get to pick 4 items to put in your omelette:  ham, bacon, sausage, spinach, mushroom, tomato, zucchini, cheddar, swiss, provolone, feta, or goat cheese. I tend to change it up, but for the most part I add: bacon, spinach, tomato/zucchini, and goat cheese. This combo is tasty and healthy. I didn't feel bloated or super full after, the portions are just right and cooked wonderfully. The presentation is nice too. Brie Sandwich ($8.25) -  I loooove brie! This is a nice simple sandwich. It comes with Brie, tomatoes and lettuce. If you like brie, you can't go wrong with this one. I was still a little hungry after, but it's actually perfect because I like to save room for their pastries/sweets.Side Note - Most of their dishes come served with herbed garlic potatoes & fresh fruit . The garlic potoes are cooked to perfection! It's never under-cooked or overcooked. I hate when my fries/potatoes are overcooked and dry! The outside of the potatoes have a little bit of a crunch and the inside is nice and moist, but not too moist. I had a great texture and the seasoning is delicious! Sometimes garlic can be overpowering, but the amount on these potatoes are just right. I usually add salt to my potatoes, but never here, if anything I like to add ketchup because I'm a saucey-type-of-guy. It also comes with a small fresh fruit cup. Let me tell you, the fruit is fresh! I've been to many places where they give you "fresh" fruit and you can see the browning/bruising of the fruit an d the texture of the fruit is too soft, but no, no, no my friend! Not here! The fruit is perfect! I know it depends on season, but I usually don't eat my fruit cup or I end up picking out a couple ones that look good at other restaurants, but here I ate all the fruit! That was shocking to me. It was sweet and firm. I do pay attention to detail and so does A Delight of France. Pastries:Chocolate Eclair ($3.75) - YUMMY! I love cream filled anything, especially donuts and I've always loved eclairs. The eclair's here are wonderful! It has a nice flaky outside, almost like a baguette texture. You just have to take my word and try this. Almond Croissant ($4.25) - Big daddy! This wonderful creation is large and you will be taking charge of this bad boy! I'm big on texture and I love, love, love croissants. I like the flaky, crunchy outside, and soft inside. If you've never had one or never had one from here....you are missing out! Get one there and get oneParking: Parking on the side street and parking in the rear. It's nice because you can enter either through the front or back. I find it easier to find parking in the front/street parking (weekdays). The back parking lot gets full, even on weekdays because a lot of the plaza employees park there.If you eat good food, then you will never have to eat bad food again - @DmagicP
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,2/26/2014,43,74,5,8,7>Bangkok Bay is the perfect lunch destination - just be sure to get here early because the dining room fills up fast! The lunch menu is pretty extensive and well priced. There is sure to be a dish available for anyone. The regular menu picks up where the lunch menu started, offering a bevy of authentic and delicious dishes. The decor here is awesome. You don't feel like your sitting in a shopping center in Solana Beach. The art on the walls, and the overall atmosphere work to take you away. The staff is extremely attentive and polite. The service is quick without compromising quality. I enjoy eating here and taking friends and loved ones here when in the area. This is a definite go to eatery if you are looking for Thai in the Solana Beach/Del Mar area.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,2/25/2014,66,335,6,7,5>Great place to walk and see awesome decorations during ChristmasSo many houses to look atLots of friendly people walking about
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,2/24/2014,124,605,5,8,7>A lot of hoods around here have their local luxury grocery store featuring great meat, fresh organic produce and upscale brands.  Some have Bristol Farms, some have Harvest Ranch Market, Cardiff has Seaside Market.  It's a long time go-to for locals to pick up sundries, ready made food/sandwiches, and the locally famous Cardiff Crack tri-tip.  In the old days, Orange Countyers would drive down just for the Cardiff Crack.  The burgundy tri-tip literally laced with crack cocaine is next to none.  Pretty much any guest we have, we pick up a tri-tip and grill it up.  Guaranteed crowd pleaser.  As for the rest of Seaside Market, I haven't found the produce to be that great, the sandwiches and ready made food are good but not jawdropping, and the beer selection is good, but probably worse than most local liquor stores.  Seaside Market gets 4 stars just for the crack though - no need to hit up your local unlit corner in the hood or Hamsterdam for your fix of crack, you can just head to the butcher counter at Seaside Market.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/23/2014,56,172,6,8,5>This place is a hidden gem. Tucked behind the Five Guys in Poway, Mamma Teresa takes you away, if just for a moment, to casual eatery in Italy. From the Italian music, the decor, the wait staff and the food, they do a fantastic job at creating a nice experience for you. Just about everything is homemade, and you can tell by the taste and quality. We started off with the Calamari, which isn't fried, rather steamed in a tomato based sauce. This was our favorite, it was simply delicious. The non fried version had great texture unlike the fried versions. The sauce was just incredible. For lunch, we had two of their lunch specials, one eggplant parmigiana and one Italian sauce with pasta. Both were pretty good, but I couldn't stop thinking about the calamari. The pasta was cooked al dente, I mean it couldn't be any more right on the money from just being done. For dessert they brought out the dessert tray, and who can say no to that when it's staring right at you. It was hard to choose, but we we decided on the fruit tiramisu, which was perfect for splitting. In the end our waiter (and possibly the owner) shook our hands and thanked us for coming. It was a great final example of the care they put into making it a wonderful experience.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,2/22/2014,274,427,6,13,7>4.5 stars.Wow, talk about a solid place. When my bro and I first walked into this joint we were unsure of what was going to happen since majority of the businesses in that strip mall has failed and its practically empty. However, surprise this joint takes the spotlight even out of the circle k located near it!!!Immediately we were greeted by a young girl (tween years perhaps?) and we were going to eat in so she sat us down at a table (didn't think this was a sit down restaurant) provided us menus and took our drink order. Talk about great service at such a young age (good grief, do I sound old?!).We ordered the mexican alambres special and the carne asada chips.While we waited, we were presented with complimentary inhouse made chips and salsa!The plate came sizzling with tortillas on the side. It was different but the meat was delicious. For the grand daddy of them all, the carne asada chips, WOWZA, that's a whole lotta food! It was almost impossible to finish all. The steak was moist and not dried out at all. Chips were fresh and it was just A LOT. Which is a good thing!Overall this joint is a place I'd return to. You don't see quality out there anymore with certain Mexican food joints.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,2/21/2014,246,162,8,10,8>I'm still going to call this place the WAP (Wild Animal Park). Fo life, yo!We are blessed with hidden gems right in our backyard. Now they have full bars all over the park. Heck yeah! The new bat exhibit is AWESOME. It took over the Spongebob 4D theater, though. Boo. I'm so confused. We have annual passes for the whole fam. If you live nearby, I highly suggest getting the Diamond pass. Includes admission for you and a guest, discounts coupons to use throughout the park, admission on the Africa tram. Tip: Great excercise and there is really only 2-3 actual rides. Cool trails. Bring your strollers to help lose post baby weight. Ha!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/13/2013,255,647,1,7,4>I am all about local business so I was excited when Hennessey's wanted to do their own thing.  Now they can make their own decisions and not have to do what they are told.  The menu is new and even better than before.  The french dip is awesome and the pastrami sandwich my friend had looks pretty yummy too.  They even have Julian pie on the menu now!!!  The prices are low and the best thing is they still have the same great staff.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/12/2013,102,232,2,4,3>We had our wedding reception here and Poline was wonderful to work with, she was always available via phone or when we wanted to meet in person she made time for us.  She was very accommodating while working with all of our other vendors to provide a smooth set up and transition through out the night.  It was very important for us to follow a strict timeline due to all the events that were going on that night.  Poline and her staff definitely made it happen.  Food for cocktail hours were available as the first guest arrive and trays were filled the whole time, while servers circulated through the whole party.  Dinner was on time, the food was hot and came out quickly... hahaha the kitchen staff was definitely efficient!  and I have to say my favorite menu items were the Chilean sea bass and the filet mignon and asparagus bird nest! yum!Whats amazing was when we came back for dimsum the next morning, all the staff that worked at our wedding was there WORKING with a smile on their face and congratulating us on our marriage.  This has always been our go to Dim sum but if your'e thinking about banquet/family dinner this is definitely the place to go!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/11/2013,36,154,1,4,5>I really like this place. The ordering/seating is somewhat unconventional if you are looking for a date-like setting, but the food is great. Fish 101 seems to have some of the best seafood in town and better yet they seem to know what they are doing in the kitchen. In our visit I went for the basic fish sandwich, fries and a calamari app. It was A LOT of food. Easily enough for 2 people (think, Cheesecake Factory portions). Overall, I am a fan of Fish 101. It's casual, they have good ingredients and good preparation. Good seafood is hard to come by in San Diego (especially North County), so it's nice to have a go-to place nearby.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/10/2013,48,321,2,8,3>Came here earlier today to gorge on their AYCE that everyone's raving about.  My question is: do they only have it for dinner?  I came in with a friend during the lunch period, and we were immediately seated at a plain table with no grill in the center.  Upon perusing through the menu, I saw no option for AYCE/stuff yourself silly.  We ordered nonetheless, and I settled on their galbi plate, a large Asahi, and their "Magic Mountain Roll."  We also ordered some dumplings to split.  A bowl of hot miso arrived first, and then about 8 side dishes appeared as well.  I didn't see any chapchae and so I asked for it.  The server kindly replied that they did, but it had to be ordered separately (as in, like full meal).  I thought that was kind of odd. The galbi dishes arrived in a large bento-style box with a cup of steamed rice, salad, potato salad, and a fried potato.  It looked just as good as it tasted.  The short ribs were perfectly grilled and marinated, and the accompanying side dishes complimented the rich flavors of the barbecue so well!!  The last dish that arrived was the Magic Mountain roll which had avocado, crab, salmon, rice (obviously), and something else I can't remember.  It arrived on a platter and resembled an elegant serpent topped with roe and slices of fresh scallion.  Without the AYCE meal, we managed to get ridiculously full.  To top it off, we were served a nice helping of chocolate ice cream to end our meals.  The customer service here was wonderful as our server, hostess, and waitress were polite, friendly, and accommodating.  Our waters were filled when they needed to be and we were checked on regularly.     Lastly, we were given a "$5 coupon" for our next visit, when our waitress handed us our check.  Who does this nowadays?!  This was just plain awesome!So all-in-all, one star off for both no chapchae as a side, and no AYCE during lunch--way to stray out of the norm!!  It was disappointing, but the food was deliciously spot on.  Customer service was great and so was the coupon and ice cream at the end of our meals.I'll return sometime soon to see what's up with dinner at this restaurant.-HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!-
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,1/9/2013,489,211,9,10,9>This place is fun for all you pet lovers. Something for everyone. Inside for only 2 minutes and already we've found a cat collar for our obese feline. He'll love it. He likes collars. Makes him feel he has a place to call home. Fun store with reasonably priced merch. Located among many other fun shops and restaurants this is a nice place to drop in and pick up a treat for your pup or a mug sporting that special homely face only a mother could love, such as that bulgy eyed bulldog, maybe? We've been back twice already for pet gifts and such. Check it out and get in touch with your doggie side
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,1/8/2013,179,454,3,4,2>This is a great location that's made for growler fills, pints, and four ounce pours. They also sell merchandise and books, as well as bottles.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable too. The real star of this location is the outdoor seating. There is a rock feature with fire (at night) that really steals the show. I've visited a few times since they opened and each time I've been happy. I like that it's not crazy busy, but it's busy enough to have a good time.If you enjoy Stone beer and live in Oceanside, this place is a must visit on your beer drinking destination list.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,1/7/2013,91,340,4,12,4>My lifelong friend Billy was getting married and I wanted to do something different to surprise him. The idea of a photobooth stuck like glue. I almost didn't go with 5th Ave Photobooths due to the few negative Yelp reviews. However, I'm really glad I did. A friend of mine used 5th Ave Photobooths for his uncle's 60th birthday and tried to convince me they were amazing. Although I was slightly apprehensive, we found out first hand on Billy's big day just how great this company really is. I called 5th Ave Photobooths to thank them after the wedding. I asked them what was up with the two negative Yelp reviews. According to the owner, someone had a bad credit card and tried to scam the owner of the company for a free photobooth. When the owner said that they would be forced to take them to small claims court if they didn't pay up, the negative Yelp review surfaced. The other review is from one of their friends, who never did business with 5th Ave Photobooths and posted a phony review. It is pretty ironic that both one star reviews are in El Cajon and this business operates all over San Diego County. I don't normally go off in a tangent on this stuff, but I really did appreciate what 5th Ave Photobooths for my friend. Everyone had a great time in the photo booth. I can also say this company does not deserve a one star review because a few individuals lack morals and tried to defraud a legitimate business owner. Since doing business with 5th Ave Photobooths I have seen them on other sites like Living Social. They are a class act and will be my only choice next time I rent a photobooth. Thank you guys for the good times and sorry about those two Debbie downers!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/6/2013,125,417,3,3,3>I really liked Lofty Bean! I ordered their Salted Caramel Latte and a Chocolate Scone and wow - totally worth it! I'm used to S'bucks as my coffee dealer but I really enjoyed the latte from Lofty Bean so much more. It was a few cents more expensive than S'bucks but I would pay it anytime. The flavor was spot on. And that chocolate scone, mmmm I wish I had one right now! Can't wait to go back.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/5/2013,142,75,3,3,3>What a great hole in the wall find. I was looking for a new inexpensive place to eat close by to my new office. Saw the reviews on here and decided to check this out.Everything I've tried is awesome and very reasonably priced!On Mondays they have a special where you can get a 1/2 Torta (they are big!), a smoothie and a fruit cup for $7. Can't beat that! I've tried the turkey and chicken tortas, both awesome. I continually get the Sunrise smoothie.I've had a couple bagel and cream cheese here - it's not NY bagels but def good! Next on my list to try is the new Mexican wrap they have advertised! I debated writing a review b/c I didn't want the place to get packed during my lunch hour lol.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,1/4/2013,157,368,2,4,4>Who would have thought that a place that sells olive oil and balsamic vinegar would be such a cool find?  I'm kind of a coupon addict, and I receive a coupon book to many of the stores in the Del Mar Highlands shopping center, Backer & Olive being one of them.  I use olive oil on a regular basis, and thought I'd check it out. First, I had no idea that there's like 50 different kinds of olive oil.  Second, I definitely had no idea there were 50 kinds of balsamic vinegar. Moving on.  The sales rep was SUPER nice, and basically taught me about different oils and how to use them and allowed me to taste some.  I never really realized how much flavor oil carries until I was tasting just the oil.  I told her what I was using it for, and she provided some suggestions (sauteing veggies, mostly).  It's a bit on the pricey side, but you can't buy this stuff at Ralph's. I was very very pleased with the service and product, and will definitely be back.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,10/23/2013,82,283,7,9,4>Another cool hangout in Leucadia?? What did I do to deserve this? Swung by last night for a few beers with some friends and I was very impressed. It's a big change from the old Calypso. Inside is decorated nicely with lots of restoration hardware type fixtures and a huge surfboard photo mural on the back wall. It feels very beachy/rustic. They have 24 craft beers on tap and the bartender was mixing up some creative looking cocktails. I didn't try the food but the menu looked very tempting and reasonable. I'll be back soon. Maybe for a Leucadia pub crawl starting from here to Regal Seagull, Le Papagayo, Solterra and then O'Hurley's. Fun!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,10/22/2013,82,100,2,3,3>Great selection and great staff.  The staff are master gardeners though they talk a little fast with complicated names of plants but it worked out.  We planted our whole front yard and it looks great.I trust this nursery as they know what they're doing rather than big box stores.Highly recommend!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,10/21/2013,792,364,4,6,6>Absolutely love Pizza Port at this location.  Right off the freeway, close to Belly Up, great selection of Craft Beers and darned good pizza!  Inside the dining room is numerous patio style tables/benches.  Order your food up front then fend for a seat.  Yes, it's busy but ...hey, don't come here if you're in a hurry.   Plus the beer selection is so good that you can just taste away all night long.   There is a mini arcade near the back of the restaurant and stations for extra plates, to-go boxes are for the public's taking (good idea because they know people will ask anyways).   The beer buddies (garlic sticks) were heavily laced with crusty garlic on them.  Bring a breath mint for the drive home or your lucky night at home. Love coming here before Belly Up Tavern gigs.  It's walking distance (about half a mile).
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,10/20/2013,156,135,4,9,8>Made my first trip to the Kraken this past weekend and it exceeded my expectations (granted I did not have the highest expectations to begin with)!  It's a pretty sweet dive bar on the east side of Highway 101 just across from the beach in Cardiff.  It's a biker bar, so naturally we rode our bicycles there during a birthday booze cruise.  It was the last stop, so we chowed down on some BBQ (really great hamburger and tri-tip cooked right in front of you with all the fixings)!  They also had a live band there which I could have danced to all night long.  It's a bit of an older crowd, but everybody seemed friendly.  P.S. They don't have ginger ale here, but props for having ginger beer!  +1 - live music and jukebox+1 - waterfront location in Cardiff+1 - awesome, covered back patio with pool tables+1 - reasonably priced drinks and BBQ-1 - cash only
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/19/2013,212,596,2,4,3>It's been another year of pampering by Lisa.  I'm so surprised that she doesn't have a million reviews raving about her, but even though everything I said last year remains the same, I wanted to update.Lisa is still giving me amazing personalized facials.  Each one is a little different.  This time I was a little sunburned and dry and she gave a me a super  rich moisture treatment.    That is the best part of going to someone like Lisa, she tailors your facial to your needs, you won't be getting some by rote experience like at an expensive day spa.  She uses Dr. Schwab and now she's got a new line she's working with, but she has several different brands that she likes and she'll make sure you're getting the right one for what your skin needs.While that is going on, you are being treated like a queen!  Tootsies rubbed, lotioned up, all in a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.  And, her prices are ridiculous!She's not a salesperson, but if you want to take products home that she's used on you, she can help you out with that, too and she makes great recommendations of what products will work nicely on your skin.  I'm not going to repeat everything I said the first time, but if you want to be pampered, Lisa is your woman.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/18/2013,2096,151,5,10,6>What a fun creative idea for a store!! If you haven't been introduced to Dream Dinners You MUST must give it a try!! Now while Im not a stay at home mom, or a mom at all for that matter, I couldn't imagine coming up with fun, creative and great tasting meals week in and week out! With Dream dinners  they take the stress out of cooking dinners!! The meals are planned in advance and keep well in the freezer.Easy prep and cooking times! Ann the owner is always pleasant and takes the time to come say hi and chit chat with us whenever we stop in to stock up on meals. Everything is prepped and organized flawlessly. They take great care in making sure we have everything we need to create these fun dinners! The menu comes out ahead of time and makes it extremely easy to plan dinners.Great meals at a low cost!! Always recommended!!!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/17/2013,833,1178,7,14,7>We all know how much RSF residents like their privacy, but man have they been hiding this beauty and keeping it all to themselves. I know the baking game has kind of focused more on cupcakes and macaroons, but I think we've all forgotten about how good a muffin really is. The healthier brother to the cupcake. Not just for breakfast only anymore.It's small and cozy, but that really adds to the ambiance. There are even less seats outside, but I'm surprised about how they are able to really shuffle people through this place. It's got nothing, but potential and the service is very good. They put almost as much attention to the customers as they do the food. With the herb Thyme in the name I half expected the plants inside for decoration to actually be herbs, but they are not. I'm more the hammock and beach person than garden variety lounger. I do like the greens, it reminds me of some lush valley in Switzerland or New Zealand that has sheep in a pasture.More muffin varieties than I've ever seen. And the size rivals Costco, yes I used to eat those when I was a Wildman ruffian. Blueberry and bran are what I usually get, but when they are in season Peach will make you see things different. Get there early.Soup and a sandwich or salad are all made fresh daily. I suggest the Cobb due to the vinaigrette. French onion goes amazing with their fresh baked breads. Order extra breads and baked items for home or just the car ride home.If you want to feel old school bring your checkbook because they only accept that and cash. It's a tad pricey, but the quality exceeds most any baked goods you've had and I haven't found anything similar to compare it to yet.If only they had such an array of coffee and teas to match their baked goods, oh and wifi, but wifi probably doesn't cut through the secret garden vegetation.I've only had their pumpkin pie and it's as good as a specialty shop like Pie Hole in LA. I can't wait for the holidays to come around again.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,10/16/2013,63,88,3,3,2>I came here for three facials. My first two were with Tammy and then I had my third with someone else whose name I don't remember but I'm thinking it was Kim? I loved Tammy so much! Her style is exactly up my alley. I love that she talked to me to get to know me and my skin at first before she left the room then when she returned she continued to talk for a bit to build rapport and then she allowed me to relax. She would also tell me what she was doing and comment on my skin. I LOVE it when estheticians do this! I like knowing what they are doing and what condition my skin is in, what they recommend, etc. At the end she would recommend one product but didn't hassle me about buying it; It was a light mere suggestion, I like that.I have eczema and my skin is highly sensitive but the products they use are great and my skin responded very well to them.  Luckily, when I went they were open on Saturdays for a few weeks this helped because otherwise coming in for a facial Mon-Fri before 3pm would be too hard for me. By my third appointment they were no longer doing Saturday appointments so I had to leave work by 2:30 to get to their office in time for their latest appointment which they said was 3pm since they close at 4:30. I got really used to Tammy so much that on my third appointment I was sad that I had to have someone new. At first I couldn't get into the third person's style bc she didn't talk to me or tell me what she was doing at all. I was really missing Tammy but then this esthetician gave me a foot rub which you normally don't get with facials. They will massage your hands and arms but I don't recall a foot massage. This was a nice touch for her different style. At the end she asked to look at my back for moles, sun damage, etc. I have never had an esthetician do that either. In the end she grew on me and I ended up liking her too. They both have their own style but they are both equally great and lovable. They both make me want to return even if that means spending $99 for a facial, yikes! I had such great service the three times I went that I may be willing to cheat on my current dermatologist and try out Dr. Gilchrist to see what she is like sometime soon.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/15/2013,303,401,2,3,2>IF we could live in any of the beach towns then this would be the one. Alas, hubby would have too long a commute given that his work is in the 'burbs and let's face it you don't get hardly as much May Gray or June gloom inland!Solana is beautiful, nice beaches, lots of lovely little eateries, Belly up tavern, design district and the coaster stops right there. If you are going to an event in Del Mar racegrounds there is often a bus service from the coaster station.They have recently made upgrades to the parking on the 101 highway. However, if parking is tight you can park for 2 hours in the Design district on Cedros Monday-Saturday or for longer on a Sunday!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,10/14/2013,11,125,3,7,3>Since hopping on the macaroon bandwagon a few months ago (yeah, I know I'm late!) I've been on a constant search for a nearby bakery that can ease my macaroon cravings. Batter Up Cupcakes is one exit away from me and I was happy to hear they sold macaroons here as well.Alas, a cute and dainty mom and pop's bakery that has been in the neighborhood for many years. The man that was working that night (I apologize for not getting his name) was very helpful and friendly. When I told him it was my first time in for the macaroons he told me to let him know what I thought and if there was any suggestions, if any. Really nice guy, I tell ya. The macaroons were yummy. They satisfied my macaroon craving (after eating 10). I really liked the lavender and chocolate dipped macaroons. They also had lemon and green tea flavored ones. Tuesdays they have a nifty $2 promotion. $2 for all standard cupcakes.No promotions on macaroons, though. *hint hint*
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,8/14/2013,72,349,2,2,2>I didn't know there's a thin crust pizza around me!  it's very simple and delicious here.  Near a Fresh n Easy and tucked away in this strip mall of the upscale area of 4S lies a quant and small pizza joint, the kind of pizza that reminds me of drunk nights eating at Ciro's in Downtown.  Now as a family man, I can enjoy this thin, New York style pizza as a sober husband and father.  Same taste, different feel.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,8/13/2013,204,414,4,6,4>Great place to take your child for a haircut. Whitewashed walls, spacious waiting/play area, choice of video games while getting a cut. There are also themed-car seats for the toddlers along with a choice of movies.The owner was pleasant to talk to, and did not mind my hanging about asking questions, while my little one was being attended to. For $16, this is definitely a great find. One more plus? Organic candy treats to finish off a very pleasant experience. Definitely Mom approved!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,8/12/2013,169,102,3,4,1>2 words: MUSTARD BAR. I love the plethora of choices when it comes to dipping my tots, soft pretzel or dressing my dog. They have good, greasy bar food and great craft beers on draught. Could you have come to Leucadia at a more perfect time?!? Me thinks not! Thank GOD ALMIGHTY that weird sushi place was over taken by a new beachy rendition of the Regal Beagle!The only down sides are (1) that it can be super crowded; (2)It's also a little annoying to sit at the tables and have to constantly wade through the patrons sitting at the bar in order to order beers or food. I understand the laid back concept, but they should have a designated spot where table sitters come to order their stuff, instead of having us breathe down the necks of the other guests trying to enjoy their beers at the bar!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,8/11/2013,435,249,5,6,7>"uh...wait. am I in oceanside?"This is the phrase that will want to pop out of your mouth when you enter through the gates of this outdoor cafe...But no, it's not because it seems like it's Carlsbad. It's not because it seems like La Costa or encinitas. It's because you've just entered into a magical world you aren't sure could exist ANYWHERE. The vibe here is one of the chillest vibes I've ever experienced. Outside, it's a harsh, hot, bright world... in here, the air is cooler, it's shadier, the ambient music makes your heartbeat drop to a nice calm, slow rhythm. And yes. The name of the cafe is not just a name. there are hundreds of succulents that the owner has cultivated and planted artistically all over the place, lining the walls, on the tables, in random planters... If you are a sucker for succulents, then prepare to be sucked in to this place of extreme succulence. The owner has created his own unique style of art, in which he creates plant and rock installments on walls. It's amazingly epic. If you want another example, visit his sister's establishment, Petit Madeline. Oh yeah. They have coffee, sandwiches, etc. It's basically a coffee cart with the most glorious succulents garden built all around it. I could hardly pay attention to my coffee because of how ridiculously chill this place was. But they get extra props for using Revolution Roasters Coffee beans from Encinitas. But really- how this place earns my utmost respect is because of the attitude of the owner. I asked him why he started this place: "Well, honestly, people usually think that this isn't Oceanside, and that this kind of place belongs in La Costa or Encinitas... but I've lived here a while, and I think that Oceanside is beautiful and deserves a place like this". That deserves a "bad ass" rating from me. I respect anyone who loves this town and this place is a statement and testament to his love for Oceanside and its value.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/10/2013,55,164,3,7,4>I have been really impressed with this great new micro brewery in Solana Beach right in the heart of the Cedros design district.All their beers are top quality, plenty of flavor with sophistication, subtle NOT palate wrecking nonsense. My favorite is easily the black IPA, and I usually do not like IPAs at all. This beer has a great balanced profile of roasted grain and hops, without killing the palate on the back end. A great way to end the week is to stop in here and grab a cold one.The venue is pretty cool itself too. Not a huge place, but they do make the most of their space and have an outdoor area with some gas heating if it gets a little chilly. Because they do not serve food, the place is dog friendly and the patrons seem to make the most of it.This is another fine example of micro breweries in San Diego and a great addition to the Solana Beach scene.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,8/9/2013,101,659,,5,3>I have found Offbeat Brewery a welcome addition to the San Diego craft beer culture. As Goldilocks would say "Just Right!". Many things about Offbeat are Just Right! The tasting room layout and size are not too small...not to big. The art on the walls is funky....but not overly so. And the beer is kept the star of the show, from the brewing equipment dominating the front portion of the tasting room to the great selection of brews. The husband and wife that run this venture are on to a good thing here. I particularly liked the brown ale with sour cherries. It was different, you could really taste the cherries...but they did not overpower the beer itself.And they are also dog and kid friendly here...which makes it a lot easier to stop in and grab a growler, while my 3 year old colors on the wall with the supplied sidewalk chalk!Keep it up guys...can't wait to get back in here!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,8/8/2013,36,154,2,5,2>This is still one of my favorite pizza places in North County SD. I generally do pick-up orders and everyone at Today's has always been polite and courteous. The pizza doesn't stick to a particular genre. I would consider it to be classic American pizza. The dough and sauce are good and the cheese is abundant and flavorful (nice blend of cheesy and salty). Today's is a great place and has been in my North County pizza rotation for over 4 years now.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,8/7/2013,127,103,2,3,3>Great customer service. Great food. Great atmosphere!First time there and didn't even know what to get, sooo whats the first thing I spot on the menu that looks like something I would get -- Jake's Pizza.  I expected a regular pizza with the crust and toppings, but it was completely something else. It was like a flat taco topped with chicken, layered with cheese and other amazing ingredients I didn't pay too much attention too because I was too busy stuffing my face.d:)
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,8/6/2013,275,569,1,2,1>Service is exemplary. They are nice, attentive, and refill the tea quickly (I am a monster tea drinker at Chinese restaurants).Fiance and I had the Lin Ko steak, which was peppery and flavorful. The szechuan cold noodles were good, but I was hoping they would be spicy. They are more peanuty than szechuan, in my opinion - but still very good. We had the beef curry wontons (well they are not really wontons - ga li jiao in Chinese). Everything was really good. My only complaint is that we asked for a 4/5 on spiciness, and it really wasn't spicy at all. When we walked in, it was almost 8:00 pm, and the restaurant was rather empty. I am seriously surprised as to why! They have all kinds of good stuff on the menu, prices are quite reasonable, service is great - what more?!I'm pretty excited about having found this place and I will definitely come back.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,8/5/2013,255,397,2,4,2>Poway Irish pub was packed tonight and I can tell they are really hitting their stride.  They had a great band (Bare Bones) and the place was hopping!  In the old days before it was PIP you would have to wait to get served or brave the bar where the owner might serve you eventually but with a baleful eye.Now you can get your beverage of choice and the service is spectacular!  No baleful eye or long waits.Yaye!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,1/1/2014,226,131,7,8,8>SUGAR LUMPS! Essentially that describes the donut. And boy do people love a donut, it is addicting and nostalgic. I actually have been to the other Donut Touch location in Scripps Ranch and this new addition is in a great 4S Ranch spot. There is really no competition here for donuts and I am just glad there is another breakfast option around. I grabbed a dozen mixed $10. They had multiple flavors, among the favorites red velvet and blueberry, all very fresh. There is a good selection of other donuts, some speciality ones with an up charge, and a few bagels. I was disappointed I did not see the bacon maple bar today, which is a beloved favorite I have gotten from their Scripps location. Hopefully they will have some shortly. I will definitely be back!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,12/31/2013,73,355,8,6,4>Oh Firehouse, how much have I waited for thee - in Encinitas.  We met in Oceanside on Vista Way.  You so gingerly steamed my sandwich meats and cheese before dropping the lot on soft fresh bread, and then you sold me with that amazing bbq sauce. We flirted, we danced, you made me sandwiches. But while I still do visit you there, you were geographically undesirable. I am so sorry I didn't come more often, but now that you're in Encinitas, all that has changed. You're not like the other sandwich shops, especially the other nationals. You really get me.I am a big fan of Firehouse - relative to the other big chains - and I think they are going to do really well as they roll out in California, San Diego included. Great concept, delicious sandwiches. This is my 2nd local Firehouse review - I previously rated the Oceanside location.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,12/30/2013,489,320,6,9,6>Daawwww !!! I love this place !!! For Mother's Day we decided to avoid the crowds and come a day before. Perfect. Less peeps, discount price ($6/person), and the weather was purrfect (70-75 degrees) !!!I swear we were on a picture taking frenzy (Dang asians) especially my mom !!! Haha ! Unfortunately, we came in May and the flowers were mostly withered and dry. There is still a bunch of beautiful fields of flowers, but not as nice as if you were to come in the peak month of April.You get a tour on a tractor (extra charge) if you want or just walk through the fields yourself which is what we did. Parking is a hit or miss. We parked near the mall so we just ended up walking to the flower fields. What's a little more exercise right ?STANDOUTS:Cute, miniature rose gardenNice gazebo to take pictures inOverall, great place to take pictures and I hear they cater to weddings too !Near the mall so you can do some extra splurging FAILS:Not a lot of food vendors or selection Restrooms are not the cleanest but what do you expect ?Can't get too close to the flowers for pics since they are barricaded. Boo.For a noobs, this is a San Diego hot spot in my opinion. Take a date, the fams, the friends ! I mean it's flowers for goodness sake. Who hates flowers? hahaOverall, an enjoyable time ! Mama was HAPPY !!!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,12/29/2013,164,418,3,6,3>Pechanga is so much fun!Came here for my cousin's 21st and it was a blast. It was on Sunday of Memorial Day weekend and we first got here around 1100am. Not that many people and it was nice because we could pick out which slots we wanted to go to (Aladdin/Genie slots were the best and most fun!!). We also signed up for their membership card and you get $10 to spend on food or free play on the slots (which I won $200 off of too!!). You do tend to get lost here easily so just remember how you got in and follow the signs. They have a good amount of blackjack tables and slots. Poker room is upstairs. Once 4pm hit though, there were no slots available. You had to wait for a slot machine to open up and then you swoop on in. It was crazy. Too busy for me.I have come here before to see a concert and went to the comedy club. The concert venue was super fun and intimate. It's great to see a well known performer in a smaller venue. The comedy club was fun too and more intimate feeling too.Parking was a breeze. Parked in the parking structure and no problem finding a spot. BUT that was at 11am. It might be worse later.We've never stayed here and I probably won't either. It's super expensive and I think overpriced for what you get. But, it's an Indian casino and it's always more expensive.I think it would be fun to come here for a bachelorette party. And like Lissy B did New years eve!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/28/2013,304,956,4,9,6>Baby shower cake coconut was awesome and moist. Perfect copy of the image I chose in buttercream. My baby shower cake was a custom flavor, which Sumi accommodated flawlessly. Passion fruit filling with raspberries. Hands down the best cake ever. Sumi really is on point and she works with you to get what you want. I wish I had known about her for my wedding...maybe for the anniversary!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,12/27/2013,28,154,3,4,3>I always drop by here when it's my dogs' bdays.  They love the peanut butter pupcakes and raw bone marrows.  Products are a bit on the pricey end but worth the splurge once in a while.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,12/26/2013,78,13,3,4,4>My last visits to Loving Hut were before  Yelp's Check In options started.  Loving Hut is a vegan delightful bit of gastronomic paradise - to be savored and enjoyed in much the same way as  a fine piece of art or a fine, precious gemstone.I'm not a vegan who harbors nostalgia for the old, traditional, American comfort foods.  Give me foods that are healing, balancing and supportive of health and longevity - as well as providing a spicy "pop" to each meal.  That's my 2 cents on new trial items.I will add that the Texas Fries are amazing and awesome - scrumptious, large portions, plenty of flavors to tantalize the taste buds, and dangerously and pleasantly addictive!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,12/25/2013,57,189,1,9,3>I read a couple reviews of this place calling the clientele hipsters -- so I was kind of leery about going because I just wanted some beer, not a scene.  Well, thankfully those people obviously need to take a trip to South Park or Normal Heights & see what hipsters really are -- and for that I was delighted.  The Compass is really a gem for good food & beer.  The ambience is low-key (earlier on there were even some families dining in the booths) and when it got packed around 9, the vibe was still chill (even if there were more than a few groups of drunken buffoons -- but hey, that's free entertainment!).  They have an extensive beer list (though they could stand to lose a couple IPAs and get a little more diverse), but I ended up ordering a bottle of La Marca (which means it's almost more economical to just admit how many glasses you plan on drinking & plan accordingly).  That any place would have La Marca prosecco on the menu -- and for $7 glass/$28 bottle gives this place high praise from the get-go.   The bartenders were fabulous too.  Super easy-going, no attitude, friendly and very patient with the before mentioned drunken buffoons. The food is solid.  I'm not convinced that the mac & cheese (which I got with broccoli) is the 2nd Coming, but it's good.  It's better than Kraft and not nearly as tasty as most gastropubs who feature it on their menus.  The pomme frites were spectacular though.  And my friend got a burger which she gave top marks.  A lot of the dishes going out looked great and the menu has a lot of promise.  There's a parking lot, so it's very easy in & out.  Don't let the fact that it's in a strip mall scare you away.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,12/24/2013,27,60,1,8,4>Finally, a 5 STAR review. I've been going through a dry spell. Pho Truc Xanh is a breath of fresh air. The food is wonderful, flavorful and healthy. The atmosphere is bright and colorful. Both are trumped by the warm and welcoming staff. Truly some of the best service I have had anywhere...even better than most fancy-schmancy restaurants. They take good care of you...offering you complimentary soup even when you are only getting take out. I stopped in last week with my baby and the staff was so helpful and accommodating. They even put my food in my car for me since I had my hands full with the kiddo. They really just go above-and-beyond. You get a ton of yummy food for not a lot of money, which is probably why this place is always busy when I stop in. I've had the Pho and the fresh spring rolls. Both are delicious. I'm looking forward to trying their Chinese food too. I just haven't gotten around to it. If I have any complaint, it is that it's tough to find the entrance to the parking lot. I'm still not sure exactly the best way to enter. It's on a prominent corner with ample parking, but access is tricky.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,12/23/2013,107,273,1,6,2>Although I'm often more partial to building a combination plate to nosh on, the food here is just too good to pass up.  For a touch more than a combo plate somewhere else, you get a mountainous entree (easily split between two people, or consumed by one, hungry Irishman) and a side of whatever (I chose the brown rice, which was cooked to perfection).The entire staff is super friendly and everything is prepared fresh for your order (so it's  a touch of a wait, but worth it).If you're tired of the chains and would prefer something that actually tastes good, hit this place up.  Absolutely worth it.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,2/13/2013,435,249,5,6,6>AT LONG LAST i've tried this place! I'd been hearing so much about this place, but had not gotten to try it yet (once, I even got so close as the door but turned around bc of the crowd). Great selection of beer, even better pizza!The pizza is the italian style- thin crust, so if you're looking for something more american... pull your bootstraps over the pizza port. We had two pizzas- Pizza 1- I honestly don't remember the name of this pizza. But it was a more classic pizza with salami, fennel sausage and and homemade pepperoni... wonderful.Pizza 2- Red Oak- Goat cheese, fine cured ham, and LOTS OF ARUGALA. I loved this pizza, but it's because... well, if you give me arugala, i'll like it. Arugala is like the vegetable version of bacon to me. If you put it on anything, even if it doesn't make sense, i'll love it. (take note if you want to make me an awesome meal). AND MY FRIENDS, this pizza was PILED with arugala! It was like a salad on a pizza! In a good way!What's best is that there are so many more pizzas to try! I will be back here!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/12/2013,181,102,9,9,8>Has anyone ever watched that episode of How I Met Your Mother where Marshall goes on a search for 'the burger'? The perfect burger. The most amazing burger ever.  That's exactly how I felt when I first tried a burger at Ty's Burger House. I swear to god, they have the best burgers I have ever had in California. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The most interesting part of the Burger House is the variety of wild game burgers. It's not every day you go into a place and order an alligator or kangaroo burger. I haven't tried all of the different meats but so far my favorite is the Buffalo burger. It comes with a little bit of horseradisch.. its delicious. You can order a 1/3 pound burger or a 1/2 pound.. which is awesome for small people like me, the 1/3 pound is the perfect size and I can finish the whole thing without being in a severe food coma.  One more thing - Sweet Potato Fries. Ok, a lot of restaurants these days serve SPF but most of them haven't discovered what makes them amazing.. Chipotle Mayo Dipping Sauce BITCHES! Dude.. there are only a very small handfull of restaurants that I have been to that understand the amazingness of SPF with chipotle sauce.. At Ty's Burger House, they get it. Make sure you order that shit with your burger.. you won't be dissapointed. Oh yeah.. they have beer too. YAY BEER! 5 Stars BOOM!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,2/11/2013,31,80,3,3,3>A recent find, but I'm already head over heels. These guys haul around a real brick oven on the back of their truck. They set up this thing every time they touch down in an office park or brewery. That's real love for pizza, guys. Real love.And their adoration for the craft shines through in their very demeanor. One of the owners was genuinely psyched to find out we drooled buckets over our meal, and waxed philosophic about being able to connect to customers better when not hidden in a kitchen.Anyway. Let me talk a little bit about the food.Their thing is that they make a real, Neopolitan-style pizza right in front of you, from stretching the dough, to dressing it, to baking it, and slamming it in your face. It's a treat to see, and takes only 7-10 minutes even when they're busy.It's simple food, with great ingredients. They are clearly focused on the pizza, service, and little else: they carry maybe three drinks (water, Coke, and real Aranciata in the little bottles), and the iPad they use to process credit cards is covered in flour.It pays off, because the pizza is really, really fresh, crispy, flavorful, and good. They sprinkle little salt crystals on the crust, and they pile salumi and prosciutto onto their Parma pizza."How on earth do these guys stay in business," said I to my boyfriend, "when they're sticking $7 worth of prosciutto on a $10 pizza?!"Honestly, I have no idea. But I hope they keep doing it, because that pizza was bomb.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/10/2013,88,184,2,1,1>My bf was working in Encinitas and a customer recommended Pacific Coast Grill to us as we were leaving as a "cool date night" place.  We decided to check it out and it was honestly one of the best meals that I've EVER had.  I wish I could give them more stars. Bring cash because they only have valet parking ($4) and since it's on the 101 next to other restaurants, it's not easy to find other parking.They have outdoor/indoor seating both downstairs and upstairs.  We decided to sit upstairs to get a good view of the sunset and inside because we just didn't want to wait.  For starters we ordered a round of beers and the lava rock ahi appetizer.  They bring it out to you raw with a heated rock so that you can sear your own ahi to your preference....AMAZING!!For dinner my bf had the fillet Mignon with garlic mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus and I took the suggestion his customer and ordered the lobster tacos (50/50 corn and flour tortillas).  Everything was just perfect and the lobster tacos were out of this world good.   Beware, they come in a pot like a stew, but don't let that scare you away...nom nom.Honestly, the service was wonderful, the view was breathtaking, and the atmosphere made you want to hang out longer.  It didn't hurt that the food was better than most high end restaurants in downtown SD.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/9/2013,55,164,,7,2>There are some pretty horrendous and what I would call unfair reviews for this place so far. People have written bad reviews based on the first week or two of opening. I refuse to review or acknowledge another review that is written before a restaurant has the time to get on their feet.I have been here a couple times now and the service has improved dramatically since it first opened. This is not fine dining, but on our most recent visit the server we had was very friendly and new the menu very well. He gave us some great suggestions on the food and beer. We got our order just as expected and he checked up on us multiple times. No complaints.The burgers were pretty darn good too, ingredients were super fresh and did not seem processed at all. Burger was juicy and tasty, when it comes to burgers I don't care about the "color", just about the taste and juiciness. Its ground meat, what does leaving it pink do for you? Its all about the taste and texture and what I have had was just fine.They have a fantastic selection of local and import gourmet brews, a perfect match for the burger. They also have Julian Hard Cider for the gluten intolerant.The atmosphere is pretty cool, no bright lighting, industrial chic kind of place with some good outdoor seating.A little on the pricey side for me to frequent this kind of place (id rather hit up a proper bar), but it will be in my burger rotation.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,2/8/2013,267,353,3,6,6>came on a saturday night, just hubs and i for our anniversary!!busy, but got seated at a small table right away.(kind of annoying to be so close to the next tables, there was a woman who couldn't stop talking loud!)ordered a cucumber martini, they forgot to make it, and 20 minutes later got it.server apologized, thank you.ordered the carpaccio for app....super delish! loved loved loved it.had avo, olive oil, arugala, and parm in a decent sized plate.hubs ordered the tilapia, he liked it.i ordered off the gluten free menu (thank you for having one!).penne verdure. very tasty, lots of veggies, very yummyno dessert, as we went to champagne bakery, of course.will come back again.loved it better than davanti, fyi.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,2/7/2013,79,93,4,7,5>Del Mar makes me happy. The Grand makes me happier. And a meal at Amaya puts me on Cloud Nine. I love Addison (but it's nice to eat something familiar once in a while). And Club M is fun (despite the lack of young clientele). But Amaya is magical; it strikes the right notes on every scale to compose a deliciously harmonious sonata for knife, fork, and spoon.If it isn't already apparent, I come here often. Tucked away on a hushed terrace with an intimate view of the Grand's bowling green and verandas, it is a lovely place to break the ice on a first date. Whether enjoying breakfast beside the elegant hearth on a crisp autumn morning, lunch on the terrace under the summer sun, or a masterful dinner in the exquisite main dining room followed by drinks in the restaurant's lovely bar, the service is universally attentive. You will be treated as one expects to be treated in the finest establishments; attentively yet professionally, with waiters and busboys meeting your every request with a flourish. The Grand's staff has achieved a standard of quality and attentiveness I have yet to find at any resort south of Laguna Niguel; simply superb.And then there's the food. Truthfully, you can't go wrong with any item at any time of day, but Sunday brunch is my favorite occasion hands down. I can go on about each item, but let's take my most recent selections. A lady friend and I enjoyed a lovely Sunday's brunch before taking off for Temecula's wine country, and found that the Eggs Benedict and Brioche French Toast made the perfect prelude to a lovely Sunday drive. My date was pleased with her choice; pleasant hollandaise sauce embracing perfectly poached eggs and grilled asparagus. Meanwhile, my hazelnut chocolate drizzled, banana topped, fluffy piece of heaven affirmed my belief that there is a God and he wants us to be happy... otherwise he wouldn't have given us taste buds. And the list goes on... lunch's lo mein noodles make for a good stir fry, and the "Grand Burger" lives up to its name (and you'll love how your fries or potato chips are presented).  Then there's dinner... I hem and haw but always end up getting the Duo of Beef.  Just pick something. You won't be disappointed.Oh, and get dessert. The sorbet trio is refreshing; it's chilly fruitiness making for a perfect closing to a banquet masquerading as lunchtime. But the kid in me loves their butterscotch brownie sundae.  If you must ask me to pick the best item on the menu here, also ask me for the meaning of life... though don't be surprised when I say Amaya holds the answer.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/6/2013,200,189,6,10,5>AAAAMAZING!!!!!! I can't tell you how excited we were to find out this place opened up. I have been waiting for good Korean food to start popping up in N. County since I moved here in 2008, and after eating at this new Manna location, I'm pretty sure my dreams have come true. We came in on NYE for lunch, and there was plenty of seating, no wait. From the hostess to the server to the guys who changed out our grill, everyone was incredible. Warm, friendly, efficient service, and everything came out fast, fresh, and delicious. The meat was great quality, and we got A2, the $19.50pp special. We had the brisket, LA galbi, bulgogi, pork galbi, pork belly, steamed egg, and tofu soup and all of it was great. The best were the LA galbi and bulgogi, though, would definitely sacrifice another dish to save room for more of these two! Great prices, great service, our bill for stuffing our fat faces with food and drink was like $43 which is a killer deal considering the amount of food, quality, and comparision to other AYCE korean bbq places. I'm going to try to eat here as much as possible. It's seriously SO GOOD.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2012,2/5/2013,275,569,2,3,3>Service was fantastic. We all had a really good time. Our driver was really nice.  I thought it was just a bit on the pricey side though.We went to Ponte, Wilson Creek, and Longshadow Ranch. They were all great. We got a tour at Ponte winery. Everyone really loved their Moscato, which was kind of fizzy and light. I liked it better than most Moscatos, but ultimately, I am not really a dessert wine kind of person. Ponte was beautiful though, and we got a nice tour, tasted some unfinished wine, and walked the grounds. Wilson Creek had some great wines (famous for their almond champagne), and we ended at Longshadow Ranch. To be honest, I was barely even paying attention to the wines by this time, but at any rate it was a great time.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,2/4/2013,722,527,7,7,6>i like the concept alot. and the execution is pretty good too.the GRUB:- choose a style: salad you say? or maybe a hot meal/entree? maybe you want a sandwhich? choose your path wisely young jedi...- choose a protein: flank steak? mmmm - try it with the chimichurri. grilled free range chicken? double mmmm. grilled Ono (white fish)? so derishus. Turkey meatloaf? darn good.- choose yer sides: with the sammich, u get chips - w the entree u get to choose from the many savory items: mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, seasonal veggies (ie asparagus, brussel sprouts, etc.), mushrooms, side salads, etc.- choose yer dessert: ginger snap cookies, gluten free cakes, pies and pastries, etc.... all great choices.- choose yer dranks: organic sodas (i love the blueberry) or juices will quench your thirsts.- they also have pizzas, soups, stews, etc. on the menu - so go hog wild!the JOINT:- very urban farm to table. LOLs - URBAN. PLATES.- open kitchen for all to see- fresh ingredients, 4 star restaurant style food on the line- clean and hip- the line to get food can be a hot mess sometimes - especially when it gets busy... salad line & hot food line seem to collide at the beginning... and then they collide again when it comes to the cashier.- finding a table can be troublesome - since the culture of the restaurant seems to lean towards lounging and conversation... also since there is no seating process - you get plenty of table snatchers/table holders eventhough they didnt order yet.the SQUEEZE:- $10 for the meat plus 2 sides... add $2 for the soda... tax and tip = $15 for lunch- friendly staff and attentive food preppers- cash and cardthe FINAL SAY:- great health conscious food, prepared well and served deliciously in a vibrant urban venue... but its popularity coupled with its lack of food ordering process and table assigning reminds you that - this is still a glorified school lunch line. albiet the best school lunch meal youll have, but at the cost of chaos during serving and the awkwardness of staking your claim on a lunchtime table.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,9/8/2014,111,367,2,6,7>My cousin has been wanting me to try this place... and now I can see why!!The vibe reminds me of Tender Greens but better.  There's more choices which I love. I got the urban plate which comes with a main entree and two sides.  I ordered the wild ono, asparagus, and the mac n' cheese.  Everything was sooo good! but the mac n cheese was a little on the heavy side. I like the interior but there's not a lot of areas to sit and I went during lunch time so it was hard to find seating (you pretty much have to stand and wait until someone leaves).  Overall, a great alternative to Tender Greens! & plenty of parking!! :)
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,9/7/2014,40,24,2,9,10>One of the finest place for pedicure and manicure. This place has proved as on of the best place in the SD. I love to experience it consistently. Linda was amazing and she is very friendly and did a great job. I would like to appreciate their whole team efforts. I am totally satisfied. Highly recommended.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,9/6/2014,152,223,5,6,6>We have only been here for the Sunday Brunch and honestly that's prolly the only time we will come here. The staff is great, everyone around is so helpful cleaning up, clearing plates and making sure everyone is happy. Especially our waitress Carly, she was amazing. She was always making sure everything was good and kept my glass flowing. Not to mention she always made sure to acknowledge my daughter and make sure she was happy. Honestly it's one thing to keep the check payer happy and yet another to make sure the rest of the table including the little ones are happy. Well done. The front hostess and manager were also amazing. I can't tell you how many times we have been to a restaurant and they tell us it's gonna be 10min wait and next thing you know your 30mins in and now your thinking it's too late to go somewhere else might as well wait it out. These guys told us 30mins with no reservation and they beat that time by 3mins. I was impressed, especially since that's 1 more drink. :)What this place has for brunch is amazing. I mean they have thought of everything. Although we here are super picky and don't partake in all the delightful foods there are what we do partake in is plenty. Waffles, French Toast, bacon, eggs, sausage, fresh carved turkey with gravy and on and on.... You definitely get your monies worth of food.If your in the mood for good food, amazing service and lots of mimosas I suggest you check this place out.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,9/5/2014,489,320,8,8,7>Great local Thai spot with reasonable prices. Beautiful decor !Service was friendly and fast. Made reservations easily for a group of 10. It was a late dinner and we had about 1.5 hours to chill, eat, and mingle before closing.Separate vegan/vegetarian menu ! Score !Basil Eggplant with tofu - Eggplant sautéed with Thai sweet basil, fresh chili, and garlic.Yum !!! I can never seem to pass up eggplant when it's on the menu ! I'm a sucker for EGGPLANT !! I can't help it. Good portion size. Very flavorful and light !They ran out of brown rice. Who runs out of rice ? Boo.Three-flavored Fish- Crispy golden fish fillet, topped with three-flavored sauce: pineapple puree, roasted garlic and trio of chili, sprinklied with kaffir lime leaves. Bf seemed to enjoy this and liked the pairing of pineapple and fish.We wanted dessert, but they said that it was too late since they were almost closing. Must go next time to try their mango sticky rice !They seem to have great lunch specials too !!Overall, the food was good and the restaurant was lovely. Great for groups and a date. I'll definitely come back !
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,9/4/2014,391,270,7,6,8>My bf and I finally had the chance to check this place out.  I LOVE bibimbap and try it out everywhere that I can.  FYI - I don't think this D&C Tofu House has any affiliation with the Convoy Tofu House.FOOD:Seafood pancake - Pretty good size and was not bad.  Came with dipping sauce.Spicy BBQ chicken hot stone bibimbap - Sooooo good.  I definitely would get this again.  I added tons of that special red sauce they gave us too.  Cracked a raw egg in it and cooked it all up with the veggies!Spicy Pork Bulgogi hot stone bibimbap - Good too.  But my bf and I agreed that the spicy bbq chicken one was better.Sides - traditional Korean.  So, none of that fusion stuff that they give you at say, Min Sok Chon (i.e. potato salad).SERVICE:There was only one server, a Korean woman who was very kind, sort of like an auntie.  Didn't speak much English, but she brought our food out fast and made sure we were all set to go with the bibimbap and anything else we needed.The only downside was that yesterday was an infernally hot day outside.  We were already sweating from being outside and when we came in, we thought there would be AC or at least a fan.  Nope...so we tried to sit there and eat our HOT stone food.  Uncomfortably.  Sweating.  It got unbearable so we actually had to get the rest of our food to go because we could no longer eat in the heat.  Hopefully they can get some air going in the upcoming hot summer months and they'll be set!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,9/3/2014,53,18,26,12,11>In a community that's seen as worn down and scummy; a town where crackheads and burn outs wander aimlessly around the streets as if it were a spin off of The Walking Dead; a city beleaguered by bars of ill repute, establishments that carry stabby vibes and rapey undertones; it seems as if all hope has dwindled and the concept of a good time has been engulfed by the dystopian flames of complacency.All is not lost, however.  From the ashes rise a beacon of normalcy, a cry for change.  Enter The Pour House: an eccentric cocktail lounge flush with lively decor and friendly faces.  Just got off work and want to wind down without the fear of being curb stomped by some meth-head with bad tattoos and daddy issues?  Then come to The Pour House!  Looking for a place to congregate with some friends and enjoy the stellar ambiance?  Then come to The Poor House!Great cocktail menu, extensive selection of beers on tap, loquacious bartenders and live music!  Did I forget to mention the affordable gourmet food they serve?  Yeah, this place has it all.  Really.  I think I just found my home away from home.  Oh and if you're feeling hipster for the night, they serve cans of Colt 45 and Tall Boys of PBR.  What a revelation it is to have an enjoyable reprieve from the burdens of life.  (This place used to be Beach Club.  It is no longer that horrid, run down bar.  It's been completely gutted and reconstructed from the inside out.)Also, the owners, Dave and Emily, are really nice.  A much needed addition to the Oceanside community, The Pour House is a must for anyone looking for a good drink and without the risk of contracting a venereal disease.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,9/2/2014,414,404,7,8,5>So... What happens when two yelpers go out on a date night and they both give the restaurant a review of equal stars?  Well, they get reviewed twice and get the same review.What happens when the manager asks the two yelpers to come back?  Well, they get updated reviews!  The manager contacted me and the wifey to come back and give them a second chance.  That the menu items we ordered were changed since they weren't quite as good as their standards.  If you look below, their service was near perfect but the food just wasn't quite there.  So fast forward to last Friday.  We went back, we ate different things, and we had a good time.  We had the beef carpaccio and calamari as starters, pizza and the half roast chicken as entrees, and profiteroles for dessert.Starters: The beef carpaccio was better than last time! The beef was freshly sliced with a lot of great toppings.  It was so much better that I have to say the one from a month ago was definitely either left-over or just sitting in their fridge for a while.  The edges of the beef last time were dry and stuck to the edge of the plate a little while this time, it was nice, moist, and smooth.  Calamari: Beautifully seasoned (I like things a little salty so beware) and lightly battered with a not too spicy dipping sauce.  The wife thought that the batter fell off a little too easily but I admired that.  It gave it a nice light texture.  A+ for the Calamari.Entrees:Half chicken:  Herby, saucy, potato planks.  What's not to like?  The chicken was a little dry, but not something that I would mark points off for.  The sauce was delectable, the potato planks, well, I didn't get to try them but they LOOKED good.  Pizza: Quattro (something that wasn't cheese).  Had Prosciutto, artichoke hearts, Mediterranean olives, and egg in the middle.  Maybe I didn't read the menu well enough, but an almost raw egg in the middle.  The server did ask me if I was okay with "the egg" but I didn't make a connection that it would be ultra sunny side up.  Was this a problem?  No, I have no problems with raw'ish eggs.  It was a problem for the texture though.  They cut the pizza for me and the egg dribbled down to the bottom, making a dang near perfect crust, soggy.   The pizza was amazing from a crust standpoint and they were VERY generous with the toppings.  I would definitely order it again.Dessert:Profiteroles: Just m'eh.  One of the problems the wifey and I had was that we went to a place in France and ordered these.  They were amazing.  The ones at Mia Francesca? Not amazing.  Although to their defense, it wasn't ON the menu, we asked for it.  So that's probably why the puff pastry part was dense and old-y tasting.So with better food (4-5 star quality) why only 4 stars?  Well, 4-stars is I'm a fan and 5 stars is as good as it gets.  Was this as good as it gets?  No.  The service was good but not great.  They were busy and got hit with the rain (no outside seating) and no back room (private party) so everything was probably very crazy for the whole staff.  A couple of things that were just marks against it this time:  1) bread - we were informed we'd be brought bread.  We were a little too excited since their bread is pretty darn good.  Only problem is about 10 minutes passed, still no bread.  We had to ask for it.2) Profiteroles order - The profiteroles were served typically with pistachio gelato, which our server said, "Is pistachio gelato good or would you like something else?" Making note of pistachio, she ended up bringing out vanilla. When informed of it, after about 2 minutes of trying to wave her down, she apologized and brought pistachio.So is it good? yes! I was craving that pizza the next day (hooray for leftovers) and the chicken was great on a leftover salad.  But was it the best thing as good as it gets?  No, not quite.Oh, here's a pro-tip. If you DO have leftover pizza from this place, heat it up on a frying pan on medium to low heat. The heat from the pan will warm up the pizza but it was also crisp up the bottom of the crust.  TL:DR - Good but not the best so 4 stars.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,9/1/2014,36,154,4,7,6>Market managed to slip under the radar for the past few years. It's a tad off the beaten path but easy to get to and painless to park/valet. The structure itself is a bit unassuming, as it's intended purpose was office space. The restaurant however has added a few touches, such as a custom funky/modern door and some decor outside to stave off the office-park vibe. Once inside you are immediately greeted by a hostess, who were polite and had there ducks in a row (we had a reservation and they were ready for it). Then there's the interior. The dining area was not as special as you would expect for a higher-end restaurant. The interior is dark and basic. The main room has some rope lights going around the peripheral with pretty harsh overhead lighting above the tables which gets the job done but doesn't make the food look as good as it is. If Market has an achilles heal, it is the audible experience. I know this makes no sense... but hear me out. Perhaps limited by the office layout, the ceilings are on the low side and covered with fabric, the floor is carpeted. This is a magic combination for zero acoustics. Resulting in an odd soundstage for dinner. Flat/dull but not quiet... No vibrance. Additionally, on the "sounds" front was another oddity... the music. The restaurant was playing modern alternative rock. As an example, we walked in to Neon Trees, "Everybody Talks"... I challenge you too listen to that song and successfully invision a nice evening out. Lastly, the music was played though what sounded like one of the worst audio systems ever installed in a restaurant. It literally sounded like an iPhone in a bucket was playing FM94.9 in the next room. OK, moving past the interior and sound: The service was great if not impeccable. Our server was attentive, knowledgeable and polite. Everything we ordered arrived quickly and at the right temperature. No complaints. Then there was the food. By far the star of the show. I was really impressed. Starting at the beginning....The beverages from the bar, although strong, were nothing special. I will likely stick to beer on my next visit. Out appetizers which started with a complimentary Amuse-bouche, were a great were a preview to the quality of food and presentation to come. Our starter was a fresh prawn salad with vegetables and a garnish of croutons and sauce. Awesome. Market's soups were also delicious. They were flavorful and rich without being heavy. Awesome. For a main coarse I went with the highly (yelper) recommended Short Rib entree and enjoyed it. It was a rustic but light meal that I really enjoyed despite typically having an aversion to red wine sauces. Really good. In summary, Market is a great place to go if you love good and well thought out food. It is among the best in North County San Diego. Everything was good. The chefs at Market know what they are doing. I am a fan, the food is awesome. On the opportunity side of things, I would love to see this place get rid of the carpet and alternative rock, in favor of some nice jazz etc played through a decent set of speakers to compliment a nice meal out.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,8/31/2014,92,123,2,10,8>Was on my way to teriyaki brothers for some teri chicken just to find out they were closed. I immediately jumped on to yelp and started yelping around for some teri chicken. This little spot popped up :) I walked in and was immediately greeted by the lady at the counter. She asked if I was ordering for her or to go and handed me a to go menu. I ordered the Teriyaki chicken and Teriyaki steak bowl. No rice double veggies. I added on their special Cali roll. Only $2. Deal. For my bowl and roll it was only $8. Pretty decent price. After I ordered she asked if I'd like some water while I waited. I really value a place that has great customer service. She served me up water with a lemon while I waited about 5 minutes for my order. When I was called, she let me know I could call ahead and drive through for pick up. RAD for when I'm on the go! :)The service definitely won me over and the taste was great as well! I've read the Ramen is the house favorite, so I'll be trying that next!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,8/30/2014,90,18,9,18,14>Tofu Korean Restaurant is a unique restaurant that has a lot to offer.Upon entering the restaurant, my family and I were greeted immediately by the staff. They were very friendly throughout the entire dining experience. At each table there is a convenient "call button" that when pressed, your waiter/waitress will come to you within less an a minute.The ambience of the restaurant is very sleek, modern, and relaxing. The area is also inviting, spacious, and clean.In regards to the food, it was very authentic, and the portion sizes were more than filling. There were numerous banchan (side dishes) (unlimited) such as kimchi, mashed potatoes, pickled cucumbers, tofu salad, bean sprouts, and fried fish. The kalbi, bulgogi and chicken were all juicy, tender, and packed with flavor. The japchae was fresh, and just melted in your mouth. Between 4 people, out total came out to a little over $42.00 for 4 dishes. We were very surprised by how affordable everything was for a very filling afternoon lunch!All in all, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone. I will definitely be back for more!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,5/16/2012,18,31,20,13,12>Here is a comprehensive list of things that are objectively better than sushi:1. SexEnd of listI've had almost every roll at this restaurant, and while they have some interesting special roll combinations, I always find my way back to the ol' standbys. Most people order sushi like a shark, a wide variety of different fishes. My sushi needs are far more reminiscent of a Grizzly bear: Sake (salmon), Sake (sake), and Sake (more salmon). While I assure you that I am not a bear, I can say that these would be the three best options for any salmon fans (including bears):1. Playboy Roll: shrimp and cream cheese inside, Salmon and Avocado outside.2. W.A. Roll: Real Crab inside, Salmon outside3. Marine Boy Roll: Spicy Tuna and Cucumber inside, Salmon and Avocado outside.The service here is good and the staff are all characters. They do take out too if you want to bring some salmon back to your den...er...house.Once again, I am not a bear.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,5/15/2012,910,392,3,5,5>This place is awesome. Looks kinda whatever from the outside but they make great food here. Basically replace anything with potatoes with tater tots and you got their menu. They also have many other things that go away from the norm. Theres lobster tacos, lobster and chirozio burritos. I like this place and will continue to come back. I was afraid their tater tots would be soggy, but they were not and the meal was great!.I had the carne asada tots and my gf ordered the California quasidila. Both were huge and very reasonably priced. Definatley go here!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,5/14/2012,423,487,5,7,6>Fresh fish, yummy rolls....There's no yummy sushi joints in Esconghetto so when I'm craving some sushi and don't want to drive too far, I venture off to San Marcos and Hyuga is usually the spot.  I've been here a few times already and it's always been stellar.  Little spot tucked away in this dinky strip mall behind Frye's Electronics.  Open parking.*Greeted when you walk in and leave, friendly and attentive service*Fish is fresh*Good specialty rolls, nigiri, and sashimi- not a huge variety per se but enough. *Reasonably priced*The dinner options come in huge portions, chicken was tender*Free mochi and fried banana dessert (only for parties over 1)p.s They also have ramen here.  Though it's not on the menu, so just ask the waitress.  I always get the tonkotsu and it's pretty good!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,5/13/2012,518,290,4,10,6>GAHHHHH!like i said before: LOVE. THE. FAIR.$14 for the unlimited pass on base ($13 for regular admission) is the bees knees. i can't believe last year i went 6 times! this year not so much i'm actually gonna go today so after today's trip that will be a total of 4 times this year ;)same things on the list below are still a must get! NOM.CORN - this has become my #1 thing you HAVE to get at the fair. you must add all the mexican goodies with hella butter and mayo. OMG. i'm still having dreams about it and i can't wait to get some today!Deep Fried Girl Scout Cookies - this is new this year and was just ok for me, made me want to drink tons of water, dunno if i'd get it again. prob not.Deep Fried Kool-Aid - ehhh. tasted like a kool-aid donut. wouldn't recommend it.Chicken Kabob - oh yahhhhh!! some parts of the chicken are moist and juicy some parts not so much, but still bomb.comCheese Curds - you won't want to go back to mozzarella sticks after you've had these. UGH amazingly good! definitely a must get.Blooming Onion - SHARE SHARE!! you're eating tons and tons of fried food! you have to share this because after a while it gets too much. but it's ohhh sooo goodDeep Fried Twinkie (strawberry) - this is probably my favorite deep fried food at the fair. i think i like this one better than the chocolate. MUST GET.Australian Battered Potatoes - duuuuude. get the nacho cheese and ranch dressing on the sides. if you haven't had these you better get em!!Beerfest - we actually went friday AND saturday. this was my first year going to this. it's pretty fun watching everyone get wasted. but they really need to change who ever is playing that LAME music. ugh. it wasn't even loud enough to hear on the other end. we kept saying this place feels like a club but without music. lol. trying to get drinks and battling the crowd. anywho i still had fun but they really need to turn up some tunes up in there.I have yet to get the cheese bread this year :( i think i'm gonna have to do that today! also, to be able to eat a lot of different types of food, your friends all have to get different things and share it so you can get a chance to try a little bit of everything. all the shopping places are fun to look at too. i still wanna buy that nail stamp but it's too pricey. i bought bed sheets this year and haven't opened it yet. maybe next year i'll write another update reveiw on what i've bought. ha!don't. forget. to. get. CORN.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,5/12/2012,139,122,25,26,26>Had a wonderful dining experience with a few of my girlfriends last week. Prime location - right by the ocean! We got seated on the patio, the heaters kept us warm and so did the wine. Great wine list by the way. We shared a few appetizers Seared Ahi tuna and pot stickers were amazing! For dinner we shared our entrees as well, Walnut Shrimp was absolutely heavenly, so was the Braised Short Rib. My favorite dish to my surprise had to be Eggplant dish.... and I don't even like eggplant; it was so flavorful, just thinking about it makes my mouth water. The service was very attentive and non intrusive. The waters got refilled right away, the dishes got pick up as soon as we finished eating, the entrees got brought out in a timely manner. I look forward to returning to Del Mar Rendezvous in a near future!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,5/11/2012,97,247,5,19,15>Catherine, owner and instructor, is AWESOME!  I have tried many "Bar" type exercises in the past, including xTend Barre, Pure Barre, etc.  Although they all have their strengths, this is my favorite of them all in my humble opinion.  This is why:1. Burr Leonard, the founder, is now in her 60's but has a body the most people in the 20's would envy. :)  She developed this method to provide a "fat-burning workout that quickly and gently sculpts, aligns, elongates and leans-down the entire body."  Both men and women can benefit from this, especially if you want a strong core. 2.  This workout is safe yet intense.  One of the only safe workouts even a pregnant woman can benefit from.  You will feel the "Elvis factor (shaky shaky)" when you take a class.  When you are shaking, you know your muscles are changing for the better.3.  The studio owner Catherine genuinely cares about your progress and well-being.  She is a former school teacher, which shows in her patient style when instructing class.  Do not slack off, she will gently redirect you back to the burning zone. :)Studio is new, beautiful and has showers!  This is my ticket to a perfect bikini body before our family cruise vacation.  I love the Bar Method so much that I now want to train to become an instructor.  Everyone I have referred to this workout loves it and my husband is another beneficiary of this.  He noticed how tone I am becoming (although I still have a bit more work to do before getting my 6-pack back...) and that's another good reason to stick with this!  Thank you for opening a new studio in Bressi Ranch!  I am certain that people who give this a try will thank Catherine and the other great instructors for their new-found toned body!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,5/10/2012,26,138,2,9,5>WARNING: Do NOT try to eat one of these subs in your car!This place is an amazing example of Yelp in action. I never would have found or tried Hungry Bear if it weren't for Yelp. Hungry Bear kept popping up in Escondido searches as a place people were crazy about. I finally went out of my way to give it a try.While I agree it's one of, it not THE best subs in San Diego, that doesn't adequately describe it. I had the Italian Cold Cut Sub. Holy crap this thing was huge! And, not with a bunch of crap, you don't have to search for the meat on this sandwich! The toppings were fresh, very different, and overflowing (see warning above). The onions, tomatoes, and peppers were chopped into cubes rather than sliced and had great flavor. I LOVE the peppers they use. Nothing like I've had before. They're about the size of a cherry tomato and full of flavor.Very friendly staff and I'll drive out of my way again for this place.One suggestion: Lose the fake iced tea machine. Real, fresh-brewed iced tea is so inexpensive to make and so much better with a great sandwich like this.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,5/9/2012,435,249,9,8,7>Great entry into the hipster trendy "new american" genre of restaurant that  i'm seeing a lot of these days. I had come here to get a drink with a friend who is a dogfish head nerd, but when I saw all awesome food being served, I decided to treat myself to something bougie and went well beyond what I was intending to spend haha. Later I found out it was the same chef as urban solace in North Park, and was happy because I haven't had a chance to drive down and try it, even though it's been on my "to try" list for a while. So I've divided into two categories- "Woohoo!" and "meh."Meh.: Everyone was going nuts about their cheese biscuits. Although it was not horrible, I found it no different from red lobster cheese biscuits haha. I guess what justified the price was the fancy butters (Which is in my woohoo! category), but I'm not quite sold on them. The other meh is that it's a little pricy... but hey it's encinitas. what am i to expect?Woohoo!:First, their selection of beer and wine is quite awesome. They have dogfish head, Angry Panda, and some other nice microbrews. Very unique is their "wine on tap". I have never had wine on tap, quite intrigued. My friends had some "Warm Cheddar & Chive Biscuits, Orange Honey Butter, Smoked Tomato Jam". WOW the orange honey butter was GOOD. You could taste some orange zest in there. I had their "BBQ Glazed Duroc Pork Belly, Creamed Corn, Herb Puree, Pickled Tomato Salsa" (btw, such long names lol). The pork belly was like butter... just the way i like it. But heck, how can you not like pork belly? It's like the unsliced version of bacon anyways, and who can say that they don't like bacon? (And tangential confession: I don't care how badly bacon is cooked, I'll eat it. Burn it, even undercook it, whatever, I'll eat it.) To add to it, there was the pleasant presence of fresh thyme which added just the right touch. But what was REALLY good about the entree was actually not anything with the pork belly... it was their "creamed corn" underneath the pork belly. There was smokiness, sweetness... wonderfulness. Can't really put it in words, but it made the dish. THe burger that everyone was ordering looked pretty amazing as well, didn't try it though. I DID try the fries however. And wow i know this is kind of weird to comment on french fries, but I love how the chef added a dash of sugar to the fries. Made it taste awesome. (This, by the way is why I love wingstop haha). Finally, we had 2 desserts there. The "Les' Smore! Bittersweet Ganache, Hazlenut Almond Butter, Malted Milk Marshmallow" was elegant and sweet. I really enjoyed it, but 6 people picking at it was kind of nuts. Speaking of nuts, our second dessert, the "Coconut Cake, Rum Caramel, Sugared Macadamia Nuts, Cream Cheese Frosting" was the show stealer of the night! OH MAN. The cream cheese frosting was delicious but not heavy (I hate heavy frosting). The cake was moist. BUT the most amazing part was the sugared macadamia nuts. It added the perfect texture contrast to the chewyness of the coconut and tasted awesome to top it off. I haven't even talked about the decor and format of the restaurant which is pretty awesome. But I'll stop now. Bottom line, I need to meet a pretty girl to take here and impress haha.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,5/8/2012,233,290,6,8,6>Came here with the cousins for lunch. I don't know why this place is almost empty. I guess the Pho place next door is cheaper...? My Pad See-Eyew with BBQ pork was yummy. Some of the noodles did stick together but it's okay. They serve huge portions even though we all got the lunch special. For an appetizer we were served the soup of the day. I love how they loaded our soup with vegetables. Every dish is served with salad (I actually ate their salad! I usually just set it aside), 2 little egg rolls, 2 of those... I can't think of the word right now... with sweet and sour sauce, and an orange slice. I think all Thai restaurants serve that for lunch.I'm a loser when it comes to the level of spiciness. I believe their spice level is from 1-10. If you want more spiciness you can ask for one of those spice trays.Oh yeah, I also got a Thai iced tea. I'm glad they didn't serve it with boba.The service was great. The post-it notes are a great idea so they can't fuck up you're order. The decor was pretty. It's a very quiet place to eat. Unless you're that one woman next to us. She made the place echo with her loudness.Overall, great place to eat Thai food if you're ever in the RB area.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,5/7/2012,82,283,8,7,5>This is seriously the best thing ever!!! I'm not a huge fan of going to the movies but Cinepolis has changed me forever. Here's why:-Alcohol. Yep, it's served in the bar in the lobby AND in 2 theaters. They have a decent selection of vodkas, tequilas and wines.-Comfy seats. I'm talking big, cushy, leather, electric, lazy-boy style reclining loveseats. They are reserved seats so you don't have to show up super early and you're not too close to the people next to you, awesome.-Wait service. With the push of a button, I got a big scoop of delicious gelato served in a martini glass delivered right to my lazy ass. I don't get that kind of service at home.-Prices. $20 bucks for a ticket? Yep this is a plus for me. It's really not much more than you'd pay for a regular movie with crappy seats and screaming babies, it weeds out the rif-raff. I didn't hear or see one child and I wasn't even in the 21+ theater. Heaven!I will never see another movie any other way. You have to check it out for yourself!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,8/14/2012,168,440,5,9,6>St Tropez rocks.  Came here after a long run with my friend to grab a lite dinner.  I recommended it based on coming her years ago. Its a small unassuming place in one of the shopping centers along PCH, and it has indoor and outdoors seating.Ordered the tuna sandwich and the Greek chicken wrap.  The wrap was awesome, and my friend was all about it.  It was really good. The tuna sandwich came with a side salad, and we ordered it with a strawberry vinaigrette, it even had fresh strawberries, which sounded odd but I really liked it.I thought the prices were good, as it was around $22 with drinks.  It was towards the end of the night, and the server (Leah) was extremely accommodating and didn't rush us even after they were closed.  My friend gave it the two thumbs up, so I know we'll be coming out again.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,8/13/2012,1060,798,9,10,10>My friend Shelagh was in town so it was time to boogie on down to St. Germain Cafe in Encinitas.  Yeah, I know, it's always crowded, huh?  Not!  We were there during the week, Friday morning, and there were plenty of tables inside and out. Still a little breezy so we opted for the minimalistic interior, which is usually not my decor of choice, but here it just makes the place feel clean and spacious.There are many places around North County where I have been disappointed with breakfast.  But not here.  Shelagh had the french toast, which just looked sort of ordinary, but she liked it.  She ordered a half order and it was 4 triangular half slices.I had the California omelette filled with tomatoes, alfalfa sprouts, sour cream, avocado and melted cheese on top. It was absolutely delicious and served on a modern white plate, which brought out the colors of the omlette.  The fruit side was mostly strawberries, which I don't eat, so I asked if I could just have melon and they were glad to oblige.  I had requrested the English muffin "burnt" (I like it super toasted) and even that came out perfectly.The interior is not the warmest most cozy space, but as I said, clean and spacious, and the tables are far enough apart that you don't feel like your neighbor is going to be sneezing on your food.All in all, a cool spot in North County with good grub.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/12/2012,97,92,5,7,5>Someone teach me how to surf!!!  There are always people surfing here and I am envious of their skills!  I keep telling myself that one of these days I'm actually going to learn.  However, if you don't know how to surf Cardiff State beach is a very relaxing place.  The sound of the ocean is like music to my ears and I could easily sleep by the sound of waves crashing. I come here often to enjoy one of the many amazing beaches of San Diego.  Having so many beaches all along the coast it's often hard to decide which one to go to.  In the case of Cardiff State Beach, this is the place to go!  The shore line here is endless and if one area is too packed it isn't hard to just go down the street some and find a new area.  There is so much to do and new restaurants are popping up everywhere.  This beach is perfect!Keep our beaches clean and clean up after your mess, or better yet, keep your mess at home!!!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,8/11/2012,197,156,2,6,4>Pretty excited to now know that there is a nearby Italian place that's as good as this place is.  Been meaning to head hear after hearing about it for a while, came in this past Tuesday, place was relatively empty, which was fine by us.  The warm bread we got after being seated was actually really good, the marinara sauce they served alongside was nice and homemade.  We tried the Portobello app & the Tomato Bisque, both were dynamite and good sized to split between 2 people.  I ordered the Pollo Marsala, the Misses got one of the specials of the day, a chicken dish with butternut squash.  Both meals were excellent, good portions, great flavor, we could not finish everything and the leftovers were solid after a re-heat.  With not a lot of authentic Italian food in the area, so happy to have this place, we cannot wait to go back.  Great food, awesome service.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,8/10/2012,84,447,4,7,5>What makes the Grand Del Mar so special isn't the hotel by itself, but the entire package that is a 5-star hotel, 5-star spa and 5-star restaurant. When you want to live in the lap of luxury, this place will have any guest feeling like they have the world at their fingertips.- Few minutes from beach.- 37 miles of hiking, biking or horseback riding.- Championship golf course designed by Tom Fazio.- Four swimming pools (one with an adjacent sand beach).- Two tennis courts.- Villas available for longer stays (with helicopter pad).- Many stars and athletes can be seen on the property.- Award winning restaurants.- Award winning spa.- Award winning salon.I can hear you now, $395 for a room? Yea right! This place may not be for those with a slim wallet but you don't have to have money stacked like encyclopedias either. If you play your cards right come for a special occasion, even the cheapest penny pincher can rationalize visiting this mystical getaway. As soon as you drive through the gate and past the golf course towards the resort you can feel your worries lifting away. I wasn't sure why my Civic wasn't valet parked next to the Rolls Royce and Ferrari's but I was able to still enjoy my visit.The architecture blows you away, the staff take care of you right away (especially if guest issues arise) and I felt like a million bucks just being at the resort even though I am lacking a few zeros in my bank account. It may have been at the far edge of my budget range but I have never regretted spending any money during my visit. There are shops with gifts, desert, snacks and everything else you can think of. Just fantastic! I can keep going on and on but you have to experience it for yourself.The Grand Del Mar is first and only hotel in San Diego to be awarded Five Stars. not only that but it's the only property in California to earn three 2012 Five-Star awards for Lodging, Spa and Dining (only 57 high-end hotels/resorts in the world). As if that wasn't enough, it's had AAA five diamond award for the third straight year. If that doesn't melt your heart I don't know what will. The $395 doesn't sound so bad when you know you're getting a high-end one of the best in the world (literally) experiences.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,8/9/2012,102,187,3,4,3>Just a hop, skip and a jump from Encinitas - we went here for a stay-cation with our family. I am not really a camper, so I can't compare it to other sites. But it has everything *I* think you could possibly want from a campsite! A Bull Taco stand by the camp store to keep you full and stoked, a Starbucks across the tracks if you don't bring your own to brew over the campfire, a beach where you can surf and play the day away, and pretty clean bathrooms as far as public campground bathrooms go! The camp sites are large and spacious, most are close to water for rinsing off the sand if you're not ready for the full on hot restroom showers, and you're allowed 3 cars per camp site, which is cool. We had a revolving door on who had the 3 spots, but you could always find parking along the 101 if it wasn't your turn on the inside, and just walk in the gate. We had fun memories of sunshine and smores, and lots of laundry and hair to wash to get out the campfire smoke smell!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,8/8/2012,698,100,5,6,5>I cannot believe that I live only 10 minutes city streets drive from North Park Produce, and this is the first time I visited here. Kudos to my persian friend, this is a great market for produce.  During this fourth of july weekend, I was at trader joes looking for cherry tomatoes for shish kabob, trader joes sold a packet for $2.99, here at North Park Produce, 69 cents.  I was wow and blown away at the produces available here.  I was also impressed with the herb plants sold for just $1.29.  As always, since persians eat so much limes and lemons, this is one of the best place to buy.  I got 8 limes for $1.  Also , they offered a good selection of persian bread.  But to be honest, I will still trek down to Balboa International Market for my bread needs.  Some of the items are higher priced than other places, so you just have to watch what you buy.  I do wish they had a deli selling persian food, maybe that is coming in the future.  Overall, if you live in the area of poway or her vicinities, check this place out for your produce.  eat healthy and enjoy the fourth of july weekend. :)
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,8/7/2012,36,39,6,7,5>I cannot believe I lived here for so long before finding Diego's!!  What a secret gem this place is!!  The woman at the order counter is so nice and helpful. I went in on a really hot day, 7 months pregnant, and she quickly got me some water- what service!  And I was so appreciative!!I wanted everything on the menu.  One day, I'm coming in for breakfast.  For my inaugural meal, I selected a carne asada burrito with sour cream and cheese added.  It already comes with guacamole!!!!! UNHEARD OF!!!!! So awesome!  I took half of it home, even though I could have eaten the entire thing- I was stuffed to the gills (I blame the baby). Somehow, I wanted to keep eating even though I was as full as I have ever felt.Locals, if you haven't discovered Diego's, go there before your shamed into having it mentioned to you... I will never eat Chipotle again!  Unless it's a weekend- they're not open!!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,8/6/2012,60,67,3,3,4>I took my cairn terrier there for her first grooming (first since I owned her).  The last 2 years I'd let her hair grow out and I did all the basic grooming at home.  Note: I am not a professional groomer.  It showed. This is my first terrier.  The "right" way to groom a cairn terrier is to hand strip their coat (aka rip their hairs out by their roots).  Frankly, I didn't like doing it and she wasn't too fond of it either. I knew it was time to take her in when people started asking which end was her face and she earned the nickname "Swiffer" from the neighbors.  She wasn't matted, just a total mop!I showed up a little early to pick her up because I wanted to see her transformation.  The owner consulted with me when I dropped her off, but then re-consulted when I came back just to make sure.  She knew I was a little nervous about cutting off all that hair...it's a girl thing.  I asked for the cut for her breed only a little bit longer just so I could get used to it.The before and afters are shocking.  She looks like a different dog!  The groomer did an amazing job.  My girl didn't complain once, felt very comfortable in her care up on the table.  She really instilled a feeling of confidence in my dog, there was absolutely no fear.  My dog even struts around now like she's hot stuff.  You can tell that having an awesome hair cut made her feel fantastic.The full grooming includes shampoo, conditioner, brush out, ears, glands, toes, hair cut, the whole works.  Price was completely reasonable, worth every penny.Thank you, Paws for Style!  We'll be back!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,8/5/2012,38,40,16,9,9>Black Rock?  More like crack rock.  The things I would do to get me some of this delicious nectar is obscene.  Black Rock punch card?  Yeah, I got one.  You know why?  Because I plan on getting coffee here every single morning of my existence, that's why.I'm all fueled up & nowhere to go.  Of course, if I actually had some place to be, I would be there in record time because I'm hopped up on the Fuel.Fuel = 6 shots of BLISS.  Pure bliss.Okay, okay, I may have gotten a little carried away...However, the friendly baristo (literally made my morning better by genuine, simple conversation & not being a jerk off), the taste of my delicious drink, paired with everything awesome that caffeine IS, made this experience a fantastic one.Oh, Black Rock, I will be returning to you in less than 24 hours, and I cannot wait.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,11/12/2013,435,249,5,14,4>Okay. Came in here, and honestly I was a little confused. There is BBQ going on here. There is Mexican going on here. There's a cafe in here. It's a strange mish-mash of genres going on here, and sometimes the lack of vision on a menu worries me... but I forged on. There was a fish taco deal. It's funny how fish tacos can wash away all your doubts. These were the some of the best fish tacos I have had in my life. Soft but crispy tempura batter. Mango salsa. A chipotle crema. And very tender juicy fish. All in a taco. Let's just say I meant to have 3 that night, but left with 5 in my stomach. More points for offering a very interesting beer with basil and honey infused in there. What else to add? Service was fast, the owner was extremely friendly. Really cheering for this new oceanside business! I'll be back on another tuesday!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,11/11/2013,428,790,4,8,4>This is a review of a group dinner (6 people) at Mike's BBQ in Escondido.tinyurl.com/ll3g8fkThere really isn't very much ambiance to speak of.  It is a big room with tables.  There is a pile of wood serving as a a partition dividing it into two areas.  There is a high ceiling which leads to the space being relatively loud.  I found the restaurant to have a very incongruous feel to it.  There is also a closed off bar area.The space is clean and well-maintained.tinyurl.com/lvogwnlAs for the service, you order at the counter.  You are given a buzzer to let you know when your food is ready for pick-up.  Some folks like this system and some do not.  Our group was split.  I do not mind it though.  The staff was friendly and they all seemed to be keeping busy.tinyurl.com/mtkp49rSome of their team assisting in pulling a couple of tables together.The food did not come out particularly fast and, due to the system, did not come out all at once.  We had ordered in split groups.  This was not egregious.   Everyone received their food in a short enough window for us to feel we were sharing a meal together.The food was pretty good.   For me, it wasn't award winning BBQ but it made for a nice meal.  The others seemed to enjoy their food.  There was one vote for the sauce being a little to on the sweet side.   They do offer two sauces, sweet and spicy.There was a wide range of dishes ordered, pork ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork sandwich, & brisket sandwich.  They all looked very appetizing.Collage of some of the dishes:tinyurl.com/ljm4d7zPulled Pork Sandwich - This was a good BBQ sandwich.  The pork was tender and tasty.  I had the spicy sauce.  Honestly, I thought it could have used a little more kick to it.  I also didn't taste the smoke that much.  The bun seemed to be of the variety I can buy at the market.  But, it was still a good sandwich.The beans were a little bland.  They could certainly use a crank up to the next level of flavour.    They rounded out the plate though.  I ate all of the beans. I also think, for the price, they could throw in a second side.tinyurl.com/nx82bswReceipt (This was for two of us): $25.91tinyurl.com/kc9phspOverall - I thought this was a pretty good BBQ experience.  I don't think I will ever turn on the Food Network and see a Triple D episode being shot here.  But, it made for a enjoyable meal and the folks were friendly.  In the end, it was a 3.5 star experience that I am rounding up to 4 stars.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,11/10/2013,200,189,3,4,4>This place is a little gem in Carlsbad! We've been here a few times now, and the food is so fresh and tasty. I keep telling myself to get something different every time, but I can't help but order the portobello mushroom sandwich nearly every time. It is DIVINE. The fries and dipping sauces are good, too. I recently ordered the tossed salad with roasted chicken and swapped out the gorogonzola dressing for the basil vinigarette. Also incredible! I love the atmosphere, decor is cozy and cute. Soda fountain is adorable and the cherry cola is the best I've had. Highly recommend stopping by this place for lunch, it is GOOD!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,11/9/2013,267,353,3,15,12>So I haven't had the best experience at the new Del Mar Restaurants that have opened up recently. However, when I walked into Sublime Tavern, I immediately loved the ambience, and the greeting s From the two front girls that were hosting. The first time I went, I went with my sister-in-law and my niece and daughter.We were sat outside on the patio. It overlooked the beautiful polo fields of Del Mar.We started off with the meat and cheese plate. Gorgeous presentation, see my picture. A little pricey, $29. But the cheese was delicious. We also has the Ahi Tostada Starter Plate which was fresh ahi with lime, avo, on a crisp tortilla shell....very tasty. We then had the coastal bounty. Super fresh, very ginger/coconut pungent but amazing. Again, little on the pricier side for simple quinoa and salad, but I think it is worth it. It is vegan as well.We had the sublime mac & cheese. OMG. Bacon, chicken, delicious creamy cheese, melted all over very large macaroni that was cooked beautifully. Baked and served Perfectly.We also ordered the watermelon/feta salad. I have learned to make a salad similar to this, but they still outdid me. Very fresh, delicious.We ended up with dessert. We were stuffed. But we ordered the two chocolate dishes on the menu. I believe one was a mousse, and the other one was a chocolate brownie. I forgot the names. The website was down when I was trying to access the menu. Please refer to the pictures that I took. They were pretty good.We went again tonight with the kids for our second round. Such a great experience. Erik was amazing as our server. We ordered one of the delicious sour beers on tap, We loved it. I ordered a delicious Pinot Noir. I do feel the wine is a little pricey. $15 for a 6 ounce pour.We started off with the Cobb salad. Huge chunks of lettuce with delicious bacon, tomatoes, feta, onions. We also had the truffle fries with a variety of different aioli sauces. It was sprinkled with Parmesan garlic and simply amazing.We also ordered the pizza, the Luau. It was pork, pineapple, barbecue sauce, chicken, also very divine.Sublime is turning into my favorite place. The service was amazing. The food was simply delicious. Although the wines are pricey, the view is unbeatable. The friends loved the entire beer menu. There are over 50 beers on tap, and another 100 on bottle.They should have a special weekday for half-price wine bottles. I will bring my girlfriends back time and time again. I'm excited to try the happy hour menu. Thanks for a great time! See you very soon again!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,11/8/2013,783,978,4,12,5>I was originally a fan of Burlap...the love faded to a like...i never made it south to the OG Searsucker...and i am oh so glad i don't have to now...because Searsucker Del Mar is just what I've been waiting for. I have been here twice now..1st time was for dinner...myself, hubby and the 2 kids2nd time was for Happy Hour ...about 12 adults and 8 kidsDinner experience...drinks...before dinner...BALLERINA AND THE CZARRussian Standard, cucumber, blueberry honey, lime, soda  (this was both beautiful, refreshing and amazing!)& a glass of  Zinfandel, Sobon Estate, Amador County, '11 (with dinner)meals...hanger "butcher's steak" blue + radicchio + beet vinaigrette 27loin "filet" lobster butter + mushroom demi 35 jidori chicken bacon + lemon pepper buerre 21pork butt grilled peaches + bacon emulsion 24the winner of the night was the pork butt (ordered by my 9 year old boy)...friggin amazing!sides (all sides are ala carte)jalapeno-chorizo "corn off the cobb" 7 -OMG!!! TO DIE FOR AMAZING!bacon grits 6 - SUPER DUPER YUMMfries- YUMMO FRIES! PERFECTLY CRISPY AND DELISHLOVE LOVE LOVE!!!HAPPY HOUR ($6 each)....i tried these four (yes i said i had four drinks)...needless to say they were not strong pours...but they were tasty and beautiful!  favorite of the night...hmm...i really couldn't tell you...i loved them all.SNAKE IN THE GRASScucumber gin, bruised mint, lime, sodaJALABERRY STRAWPENOstrawberry jalapeno tequila, pressed lime, agave nectarCOYOTEapple cinnamon bourbon, lime, ginger beer, bittersSKINNY JENNYcitrus vodka, lime, lavender syrup, ginger beerapps...between everybody i think we tried almost everything on the menu....sMaLLs HaPPy HOUR 1/2 OFF 4:30PM-6:30PM (baR\LOUNGe)toast + spinach + mushroom + cheese + tomato soup 8      a meal in itself...really goodcrab cake jumbo lump + tabasco caviar 13      yummymarrow bone + sea salt + onion jam 12    all bone...no marrow...so soduck fat fries + house ketchup 8     yum yumshort rib "hunter" + horseradish + fried onion 12     best thing! egg + bacon "pork belly" 14     i didn't try thisfarm bird lollipops + hot sauce + bleu 11     kids favorite...brie "triple"+ strawberry jam 13     didn't tryshrimp "spicy" + bacon grits 13     love!!! but portions were inconsistent with different orders...# of shrimps varied from 3-     5...amount of grits varied quite a bit toosquid "sweet heat" 9     didn't tryartichoke hearts + gruyere + tomato 13     yum!!! it's a dipmushrooms + burrata + toast 13     my other favoritemussels + beer + chorizo + tomato 12     yum yumnext time i will just get the short rib and mushrooms as my meal...absolute favorites!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,11/7/2013,369,100,5,7,6>I know they just opened, but so far so good! Opening day was nuts! This is no Vegas, but daaaaaang this is so close to fun and I'm surprised there aren't more pool parties at the other casinos...especially Pechanga (their pool is horrible, I'm sure a Motel 6 has a better pool). Getting to Harrah's is pretty easy, especially when you live in Esco--it's basically a straight shot. Parkng was easy, even with the construction. I'm glad they are expanding the hotel and making a bigger parking structure. Right when you get out of the elevator you see somewhat see the doors too the pool. If you are coming out of the elevators you just have to head straight toward the lobby, if you are getting valet, you turn right from the valet entrance. It's very easy to find, it's not like a maze to find the bathroom or the exit like Vegas casinos are. Pricing: Weekdays admission is $10 and weekends are $20. Weekdays are open to all ages. So get ready to drink next to little kids or better yet talk to their moms. On Tuesday there were a lot of cougars/families/kids, but they section off the 21+ area, but you could bring your drinks to the lazy river. I thought the drink prices were reasonable. $6 for beer and $10 for mixed drinks. If you wanna save some money--just go back to your room and drink. My homegirl was able to bring her bag to the pool and we water bottles of draaaaaank.Service: Everyone was friendly, but one girl. Let me explain...So you pay for admission and then you grab their signature orange towels. When you leave the pool area you have to give them the towels back. This rule doesn't make sense to me or the other 10 people that were confused and pissed off. Most of need the towel because we got out of the pool; therefore we are wet and need the towel to dry off. It doesn't make sense that we would have to walk through the lobby all wet and dripping with water that may cause us or someone else to slip....laaaaaaw suit. We ended up talking to another young lady that was happy to give us white towels in exchange for the orange towels. This was something the first young lady should have done. She had attitude like we were trying to steal the towels or not listen to her, but clearly there were 10 other people that were mad at this situation. If they young lady just handled it like the lady that gave us the white towels, I wouldn't have to waste my time or your time on writing this story out and taking the bulk of this review. Save the argument lady, work for a solution instead of telling your customers what we are doing wrong. Be proactive, be polite, be informative, be helpful....that's customer service, especially on opening week. Highlights:- Towels provided- Good looking waitresses- Good music (Special guest DJs)- Resturant connected to the pool area- Discounts on admission for Player's Card (The other Player's Card guys)- Admission pricing is very reasonable, esp compared to Vegas pool parties- 3 Areas     - Swim-up Bar (heated) Right in the middle     - Lazy River. Right side     - Main Pool. Left side- 2 Jacuzzis     - Waterfall jacuzzi     - A small jacuzzi to the right of the barI believe they open at 10 or 11am and I recommend getting their at that time, especially on a weekend with special guest DJs. I'm glad I went early on opening day. I had a lot of fun. The energy and vibe here is real good. I can't wait for the weekends now. I hope you are getting that 6-pack ready or starving yourself for Saturday/Sundays at Dive!!!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,11/6/2013,1060,798,6,12,9>You could say I'm addicted to Giuseppe's pizzas... and you would be right.  Sometimes I get down to the Solana Beach Farmer's Market on Sundays (1-5 on Cedros) and treat myself and my guests to Giuseppe's wonderful, gluten free pizzaAnd sometimes I just have to give a party so I can have the pizza truck in my driveway.Neighbors, friends and colleagues once again enjoyed Giuseppe's fabulous fare.  It is just such a kick to see everyone going to and from the truck to select their plate-sized pizza.  One of my friends (who is a size 2 and doesn't eat anything) was stuffing herself with the pizzas. She is Sicilian and couldn't believe how good the pizzas were. She said these are the only pizzas that don't bother her stomach.The all time favorite is the margherita, with mozza, tomatoes and basil. Yum.  The next favorite is the Alsatian, with carmelized onions, little pieces of italian bacon, and a very small amount of mozza (no tomatoes).  Then Giuseppe brought a bunch of other ingredients, prosciutto, asparagus, eggplant and made a big selection of delectable gourmet pizzas.  Each plate-sized pizza takes only 3 minutes to cook so guests could go out and order what they wanted and wait for it.What a fun evening!  Add the wine and margaritas and everyone had a great time.  There were 37 of us and Giuseppe made around 45 pizzas! And they all disappeared.This will not be the last time that the Red Oven pizza truck graces my driveway.Forza Giuseppe!  Sei favoloso!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,11/5/2013,189,258,2,3,3>Beautiful, beautiful salon! I visited on Thursday evening during Yelp's Shop til You Drop event and got the grand tour from Kim V. She is a stylist there and does some incredible work!The salon itself looks like it's cut out of a loft-style home decor magazine - salon edition. I swear it was created from my own albums on Pinterest! Live succulent planters in a huge picture frame on one wall, fun lighting, a raised pedicure station with vintage accents - so cute. The boutique is full of cute clothes and accessories for a fraction of the price of some other local boutiques. I had walked by when the location was up for sale and they have really gutted it and made it a work of art. Take a moment to stop in and see this beautiful salon! Can't wait to get my nails done or maybe a facial :)
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,11/4/2013,722,527,6,9,7>1st class was FREE.we signed up for a couple more months to take advantage of their specials. (one, being the $20 off per month for the first 3 months. and secondly, unlimited L2 and music classes for the full month of March.)here's what we liked...- cleanliness of facility- friendly staff- full classes mean plenty of interaction with other tots (social cultivation)- engaging activities (OMG, B U B B L E S !!!)- safe and fun play spaces and obstacles- separate music classes with an emphasis on instrument and song activityprobably the only things we didn't like...- no nursing room, hey - baby has got to eat, amiright?- is everything really for sale - milking it on the branded merchandise.we enjoyed coming here and look forward to more playdates.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,11/3/2013,168,440,2,3,2>My friends and I have been coming here for our mariscos (Mexican seafood) fix for the past few months.  We used to go a variety of restaurants for mariscos, but Las Palmas has really been our go to place lately.Highlights include:**Fish Tacos: These are one of the go to foods that people order when they don't know what else to order at a mariscos restaurant.  There fish tacos don't disappoint, and I will be surprised if you don't fill up with the two taco plate.  They are good.**Mariscada (seafood platter): This was surprisingly good, and comes with a ton of food.  It is a combination of shrimp and fish ceviche, cocktail shrimp and octopus and raw oysters in their shell.  Everything was tasty, fresh and just simply delicious.  This plate is perfect for the foodie that wants a variety of the sea on one plate, especially on a hot, humid day.**Aguachiles (shrimp marinated in lime juice and HOT green chile): At first they are hot, and they just taste OK.  Then you have another and another and you realize how good they are, but by then your mouth is burning and you just don't care anymore.  Order these, but give your self time to slowly eat them.**Sopes: Yeah, well I know it is not seafood, but it was pretty damn good and filling like no other sope I have had.  We tried a carne asada sope, and it was huge.  One can feed a light eater very easily with just one.They have a very small bar area with a big TV to watch whatever you want to watch. We tend to stick to beers and micheladas (beer with Clamato juice).  They have the standard Mexican beers for $3. That works for me.Did I mention their prices are super low?  I talked to the waitress, and she was very friendly and she talked to the freshness of their food and how the owner prides himself on that.  Great unassuming restaurant in a small shopping area across from Jack in the Box.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,4/26/2013,200,189,2,6,2>Love this little cafe! My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday breakfast, and were immediately greeted by two friendly servers. They took us to our table and got the bottomless mimosas flowing within minutes, which, honestly, was the reason we wandered into Al's. So glad we did, they kept our glasses full the whole time we were there. I had the captain crunch french toast, of course it was delicious. BF had a simple eggs, bacon, and toast and he was happy. Can't say enough about how wonderful our server was! What a sweet, cool lady :)
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,4/25/2013,204,414,4,5,5>Best indoor go-kart track we've been to so far. Karts are electric so there are no nasty fumes from the gasoline generated ones. Track is a bit more challenging, but I like the fact that adults and kids have their own alternate sessions so you race to your own level.Yes, there is a bit of a wait (especially on weekends) so make sure you arrive early and secure your race spots. Prepare to spend at least two hours for the standard two to three races. Online deals also appear from time to time so make sure you catch that as the whole experience can get pricey.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/24/2013,255,397,5,10,4>Good Thai food in PQ? PINCH ME!  It can't be real.  I drove up and had to wipe my eyes a few times to make sure this was not a mirage in the desert of food that is PQ.We went to this new food oasis today and the food was great.  It was 730 pm and the place was packed.  I had a vegetable dish in oyster sauce with beef and it was delicious,  The sauce was rich and beefy and very spicy! I asked for level 8 and even though the waitress looked skeptical they delivered with a nice lip tingling spice that did not detract from the taste of the vegetables, which were all fresh and crisp.The Spousal unit had the PAD Thai level 10.  He was not sure it was spicy enough so he added some extra red pepper sauce that was so conveniently provided with some other tasty spice condiments. It was plenty hot for me and very tasty as well.The service was great!  Very fast and pleasant.  The only downside is that this is a small place and I suspect there will be lines at the door from now on when my fellow PQ-ites discover this place.  I hope they add some outdoor seating in the summer.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,4/23/2013,1060,798,4,12,8>This is just my favorite restaurant in Carlsbad, hands down.I took my friend Jackie here for her (belated) birthday dinner.  It was Saturday night but we were there early, 6 pm, so it wasn't crowded and we got a big booth. I was hankerin' for a steak and we both chose the rib eye ( no bone ).  OMG, it was the juiciest, tastiest, most delicious steak either of us had eaten in a long time.  Way better than West Steakhouse.  They serve it with their signature little veggie roll wrapped in grilled eggplant, but I also had to have the sauteed spinach with oil and garlic.  Need those yummy greens.Jackie had french fries, which she said were great, and I had a BIIIG baked potato slathered with butter.To start, we both had the soup of the day which was butternut squash made with a little bit of cream.  It was smooth, flavorful and satisfying.Overall, like usual, a great meal. Vittorio the host was there with his big smile, and all the staff are very friendly and efficient.I will be back again and again and again.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,4/22/2013,255,647,1,5,6>I must say that I find the mixed reviews of Indian Joe's very interesting.  My husband and I have been to about 95% of the breweries in San Diego and always visit them in other areas when we travel.  Indian Joe's is one of our new favorite places.  The owners and employees are amazing, so friendly and knowledgeable.  They remember you and make you feel welcome and at home here.  The tasting room is set up way nicer than many of the other tasting rooms.  They have the bar seats and then a bunch of nice tables.  As with the other breweries they have food many nights.  Now to the beer, the best thing of all!  They have a ton of beers on tap with a new beer added pretty much each week.  All of the beers are great but the best part is that they have something for everyone.  My husband is an IPA lover and I am a wheat beer lover and we both could find our new favorite beers here.  His is the Summit Hop IPA and mine is the Honey Wheat.  If you have a non beer drinker or a DD with you they even have a super good Root Beer!!!!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,4/21/2013,79,276,,4,3>Can I get a 6th star here maybe a 10th? Holy snowballs this place is what north county needs, sweet cold shaved ice/ice cream connections. That's what I'm talking about. I absolutely love this place. I had the caramel pecan pear seasonal snowball in regular and oh man was it worth it. The taste was right on, I can't wait to try a different flavor!Please guys keep going to this place and keep them in business they deserve it. Pass the other guys on the way and head straight Baltimore Snowball!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,4/20/2013,219,287,,3,3>We dined here for Thanksgiving and absolutely enjoyed ourselves.   Vigilucci's offered both a Thanksgiving menu and their regular menu.  Besides offering turkey on the Thanksgiving menu for those adamant on tradition, there were other "nontraditional" main courses provided such as Prime Rib and Filet Mignon.  The menu included three course meals at two different price points.  I chose to begin with the butternut squash soup which was rich in viscosity yet mild in taste.  Unlike other butternut squash soups,  there was little to no cream which was a nice change for those of us lactose intolerant.  I also had the opportunity to try the calamari which was crisp and accompanied with freshly made marinara.  Let's just say I could drink the sauce it was so tangy and delicious.  I ordered the Filet Mignon with the Gorgonzola sauce which was cooked perfectly and the combination was superb.  The Prime Rib which I had the pleasure of tasting was also a delight; however, the horseradish needed a little more kick.  The service was great and ambiance was very inviting .   It truly was a perfect alternate approach to enjoy Thanksgiving for two people who decided to keep the kitchen clean this year.  We will definitely return to Vigilucci's  when we decide to dine in Carlsbad or if we opt to keep the kitchen clean for Christmas as well.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/19/2013,529,620,1,9,3>This place has been on my list of places to try for some time now and today was the day. I was starving after my appointment at the Beehive. A quick right out of the parking lot led me to the droves of people all heading in one direction - Prontos'! The parking lot was packed with cars, and even though we had just endured a chilly 37 degree morning, there were still plenty of smiling faces seated outside this neighborhood gem. It was then that I knew I was in for a treat. Inside was jam packed like sardines. Not an open table in sight (it's a small place). People were seated and standing everywhere. Yep, this is definitely in the words of Pronto "the local hot spot for lunch". The challenge was in making one selection for so many yummy offerings. I came on a Friday afternoon around 12:15 PM and they had quite a few intriguing specials: Greek Lamb Gyro ($7.50)Hot Italian Sub Melt ($7.95)California Chicken Salad ($8.95)Sandwich and Soup or Side Salad ($6.95)Baja Chicken Salad ($8.95)They also offer a host of signature sandwiches. One that caught my eye was the "Bumstead", described by Prontos' as "Our Famous Triple-decker with Turkey Breast, Ham, Crispy Bacon, Cheddar and Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Red Onions, Sprouts, Mayo and Dijon Mustard Piled High on Fresh Sourdough Bread". Wowzers! If you're the typical avocado turkey gal like me, then they offer the "California".  Want something hot? Try their hot paninis and melts or homemade pasta dishes. Prefer a healthier option? Pronto's offers Wrappers" which are offered with a low carb tortilla and side salad. The salads also looked really good. I saw someone eating the Baja Chicken Salad. I wanted to stop and ask for a bit. Those homemade crispy tortilla chips were calling my name. Here's what was in it: "Fresh greens, grilled chicken breast, avocado, black beans corn jalapeno salsa, cheddar cheese, tomatoes and topped with our homemade crispy tortilla chips and a side of tabasco ranch". If you weren't convinced before, are you now? I just love that they offer something for everyone's taste buds. I was feeling under the weather and opted for the special soup of the day: New Orleans Gumbo, made with chicken, sausage, shrimp, rice, veggies. It came with a choice of a French baguette, bread stick or ciabatta or multigrain roll. A small 16oz only cost me $4.95. We make a mean gumbo in my family, so I'll be honest. When I opened the lid and saw a light brown/yellowish soup base and no jumbo shrimp, andouille sausage, crab or dark brown soup base which comes about from the roux I was worried. I had never seen yellow gumbo. It looked more like a creamy chicken and rice soup then a gumbo. However, after the first bite I was sold. Yes, it's a different kind of gumbo, but it was wonderfully flavorful and good. It warmed my stomach and made me very happy.I'll definitely be back to try the Bumstead - with avocado of course, the Waldorf and East Coast Caesar Salad.Check them out!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,4/18/2013,38,203,6,7,5>I love this place! Been coming here for over a year now. It's a great trail for beginner to intermediate hikers and runners. There is free parking near the ballpark area. The waterfall is about 3.5 miles from there, but take it from me it's not the refreshing, idyllic scene you'd hope to enjoy a picnic by. It's tiny, the water is brown and gross looking and in the hot weather there are a lot of biting insects that fly around it. I recommend going early morning on weekends and by early afternoon on weekdays. Most other times, especially holidays and some weekends, there are way too many extended families that come here with their hordes of screaming children and misbehaved pets. Many weekends and certain evenings there are games going on at the ballpark so there will be no free parking available.*Pros- Very peaceful and has a variety of beautiful trees, bushes, and flowers. If I remember correctly there are over 10 different types of habitat in just 4000 acres and many of the plants and animals here are endangered.- Diverse wildlife. I've spotted a baby puma here before! And  I literally stopped mid-hike early this morning and watched a small group of woodpeckers doing their work on a branch as morning doves cooed in nearby trees. - Long, winding main trail and many smaller side-trails with mile markers and signs, plus a map at a couple of the trail entrances.- Dog friendly, horse friendly and bike friendly!*Cons- Can be very overcrowded on certain days- 90% of the time there is horse or dog poop on the trails- They use a giant vehicle of some kind to drive through there (patrol? maintenance?), and that creates huge tire-mark ditches where water collects and sits stagnant long after it rains thereby rendering certain parts of the trail impassable.- Houses right up against the preserve on both sides....THIS is particularly *shameful* due to the environmental concerns of people living so close to a nature preserve; not to mention that you can hear dogs barking and kids screeching from the houses clear down into the canyon.Hiking is a great activity alone or with friends, and most people out hiking, biking or walking their dogs are pretty friendly. Occasionally you'll come across a standoffish person that avoids eye contact and doesn't return your smile or "hello," but don't take it personally because their dog probably peed in their cereal that morning. I recommend taking a small pack with some snacks, a couple of water bottles per person and closed shoes especially if you're going all the way to the waterfall. Don't talk too much and listen to the sounds of nature here as they are a wonderful getaway from the noise outside this beautiful preserve :-)More Information: sandiego.gov/park-and-re
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,4/17/2013,156,292,2,2,2>I can't believe I'm just getting around to writing my review of Honeys. It's our favorite place to have breakfast in Encinitas (it was our favorite breakfast in San Diego before we discovered Beach Break--sorry Honeys! But you're still perfect!) We go regularly for lunch and breakfast and it's always a great experience. You order your food and then get a table--it's ALWAYS busy, so my fiance will order for us and I'll find us a table, or vice versa. They do coffee on the honor system, so if the line's long, you can enjoy a nice cup of joe...they have several kinds. The people who work there are used to working in a fast paced environment and don't seem to let the business levels bother them which is huge to me. We've never had bad service here.Food wise, if you're wondering what's good, the answer is everything. One thing I haven't tried that I want to get next time is the acai bowl...it sounds amazing. I love the tuna melt, their french fries are delicious, and their pancakes are AMAZING. My fiance is a huge fan of the banana buckwheat pancakes. Last time we were there, I had this egg dish with beef and potatoes and veggies...can't remember what it was called but MAN it was tasty.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,11/4/2012,197,156,2,5,4>This is a great addition for 4s Ranch, soooo many Dad's live nearby with no place within stumbling distance of home, well luckily for them, that has changed.  Came in for dinner last week with some friends last Saturday night, do yourself a favor and make a reservation, I don't foresee this place not being busy on a weekend.  We were seated out on the patio which is just a great thing to have at this place, and since my buddy & I are both proud husbands of preggo ladies, we went to town on their beers.  Started off with some fondue, delish, not a ton of cheese, but a decent amount, hit the spot.  For dinner I had the chicken ceasar wedge which was de-lis-shus, pretty big too, had to box it up.  The staff was friendly, maybe a little rusty but that's to be expected at a new restaurant.  The 4 of us had a great time, craft beer & awesome food, really cannot go wrong here.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,11/3/2012,204,414,2,4,7>I don't have a dog, so I can't really rate this beach from their point of view. However, a friend did recommend this beach as a late afternoon/early evening photo shoot locale and it was great! The area by the rocks provide fantastic opportunities to capture shots of the horizon-sunset-skyline-waves-crashing-onto-the-­shore. Change the perspective a bit and you can catch the million dollar houses in the background, or the twinkling lights the Del Mar Fair when dusk settles in. Lots of hikers traversing the rocks in search of a mini-adventure. A spirited game of volleyball was also ongoing when we visited. Great place to visit, and not just for dogs. :)
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/2/2012,101,659,4,7,6>This is one of those little neighborhood gems that we could really all benefit from having more of. These folks are doing it right and I hope they stick around! This little drive thru "shack" has seen more fly by night coffee grinders in the last 5 years then I can count. Now we have a unique shave ice shop within walking distance of my house! My daughter is in hog heaven...OK OK Me to!I have never been one to gravitate towards a snow cone, even on a blistering day. I was always more of an ice cream kinda guy. At Baltimore Ice you don't have to pick! They do both! And when I say both, I mean, they do some amazing concoctions with ice-cream, then snow cone and a variety of flavors.My daughter usually goes for the chocolate or caramel flavored ice with caramel syrup on top or her newest discovery is the marshmallow topping. Very Tasty and original. I recently went for the strawberry ice cream, encased in blood orange flavored shaved ice with sour spray topping it off. Dayum! It was good!If you haven't stopped by here you need to do yourself the favor. They have a drive up and walk up window. They family running this little joint are friendly and the frozen creations they are kicking out are fantastic!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,11/1/2012,49,133,,4,4>Skip the Local BBQ Place And Try This Place OutWhen I saw them building this place a few months back I was excited.  Real close to home and always a fan of Western theme spots.  Well this place did not disappoint at all!Place-  Great looking restaurant with a western theme.  This place was super clean and big.  They have a nice bar area with TV's set up behind the bar.  I had a drink at the bar beforehand.  The bartender was super nice and she sure knew how to make drinks!  The drink prices were what you would expect at any restaurant.  They do have a nice happy hour.  Service-  This is always important to me.  Once we walked in we were greeted by the manager and quickly seated.  You got that feeling like they wanted you enjoy your meal with them.  Sometimes you walk in places and you get the feeling like you are intruding if they are busy.  Not at Luke's, every employee was super welcoming.  Our waiter was everything you could ask for.  She was nice, helpful, and responsive. Food-  I decided to try the Tri-Tip Sandwich and it was great!  I dropped the ball by not getting the steak.  My brother in law decided to go with the steak and that was a power call.  The steak was SO DELICIOUS!  No joke full of flavor and super tender.  I was kicking myself for not getting the steak.  The manager let us try his "classic campfire gram cracker smore".  He added a little ice cream to the side and it was magic.  People are usually full and cant stuff another bite for dessert.  But most of us want to.  This smore dessert was light with just enough sweetness to cap off a good meal.  Such a cool spot and I plan on returning!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,10/31/2012,113,209,3,4,4>Turkado? Love it! The Board Master? Love it! California Delight? Love it! Beef Dip? Love it!Try anything on the menu and it's gonna be great. Just don't forget to order a side of their special sweet and sour sauce. It makes all the difference.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,10/30/2012,168,420,,6,3>I LOVE this place! .. and I love it even more because Fido loves it too!  He gets excited when we're in the car and totally knows when we're headed here.We come about 2-3 times a week, but I wish we lived closer so we could come more often!There are two separate areas: one for big dogs and one for small.  The area is pretty big so it gives them enough room to run around and have lots of fun.  There are some benches in the small area for owners to sit and rest as well, but you might want to bring your own lawn chair.  Sunday evenings are the busiest - but week nights are pretty busy too.  I find more and more people coming here - which is great because Fido's learning/doing well socializing!Yes, there are no fountains here - but the community pitches in and provides big jugs of water for all the dogs.  They refill it daily if not two or three times a day.  Just be considerate - if your dog drinks, refill the jug (or the bowls).  It's almost like common sense but you'd be surprised that people don't do this!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,10/29/2012,68,78,1,3,2>I was stuck waiting for my husband 2 hours Chiro visit...so I made the time useful with some cupcakes tasting... (mmmhhh business idea, wine and cupcakes tasting tours!)The area I was in didn't have much, when my eye was caught by a plant and flower shop and "ELIZABETHAN BAKERY" was calling my name...right there a little hidden!Total "aaahhhhhh" moment, two minutes later I was parked, and sitting in their cute little outside patio, with a piping cup of coffee and 3 mini cupcakes!To choose was extremely hard, as all the treats looked mouthwatering.I picked:White cake with Passion fruit frosting OMG...I forgot the names of the other two...bad yelper, but to make up for it I have a picture.They were all fantastic, very flavorful and unique, in fact before leaving I went a bought a mocha/ coffee chocolate one for my husband, and a peanut butter chocolate.WARNING: They are made fresh, with fresh ingredients...they will not last in the heat, but even all mealted they taste fabulously I had the experience!Give it a try, it is deceiving when you see the location...but OH YUM!NOTE : $ 10.00 minimum for credit cards.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,10/28/2012,760,816,2,2,2>man, their portion is huge!! i ordered the Diablo Surf & Turf Burrito -- it was ginormous. It was packed with rice, carne asada and shrimps; they did not go cheap on the fililngs. The flavor was good too -- spicy! I also ordered a chicken flauta.. my gosh the flauta was big. I was expecting a small one but it was two giant flautas; it was good. But i dont think i'll order it again. I cant wait to try their fish tacos and shrimp burritos / tacos. The portion...the price...totally worth it!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,10/27/2012,127,338,1,3,1>Been on a kick to try some new places lately and for some reason good Mexican food is hard to find in SD. I fell in love with the place the instant we walked in and saw the patio and enjoyed the history of it. We were seated pretty quickly (no reso) outside in a cute corner of the patio. The chips and salsa were amazing and I was really excited to check out the food. I had one chicken taco with the rice and beans and my better half had something else but I can't recall what now (sorry!) Overall the main dishes left me thinking "these have SO much potential." I think next time I'll make sure to order more cheese in my taco as I think it just need a bit more flavor. The rice? WOW. I've never been a fan of Spanish rice but this stuff was SO good I couldn't get enough! We both agreed that it was amazing. The service was very friendly and efficient and we had a fun little date night. I would like to give this place a second chance; it has this great charm to it, like you're not necessarily close to home.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/22/2012,10/26/2012,107,177,2,2,2>Here is an easy guide for deciding if you want to come here:Reason 1: Have you always wanted a farmers market on Saturday afternoon?  Then this is your place!Reason 2: Do you live in del mar or carmel valley?  Its close enough to stop by.Reason 3:  Are you staying in a hotel nearby?  A nice stroll through on one of the many gorgeous days is worth it.This farmers market is small.  Pretty much all other farmers markets in SD county are bigger than this one, but I still come about every other week because its convenient enough.The one stall that actually brings me to this farmers market is Happy Pantry/Stogsdill's Pickles.  I cannot live without my raw kimchi.  Its amazing.  You should only be going to a farmers market where these guys go.Also there is a guy that sells fresh squeezed blood orange juice when in season, which is pretty much the best juice in the world.  The rosewater lemonade is pretty tasty too.My only major disappointment is the lack of veggies.  There are always TONS of fruit, but veggies are really hard to find, and the selection is always tiny.  It definitely wont replace your trip to the grocery store.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,9/18/2014,1307,1136,10,16,14>I've been to the Royal India in Hillcrest way back when so when i heard there's one in Del Mar, I wanted to check it since it's much closer to my work than the Hillcrest location. Honestly, I love any type of food, but Indian food has to be done just right otherwise, it's great or not. This place did not disappoint! To start, I got the tandoori chicken wings, it had a nice spicy kick to it but the yogurt that it was served with kept it balanced. I loved that. I'd come back just for the wings, seriously! My entree was the lamb rack and it was out of this world. My girlfriend got the chicken marsala which smelled amazing, I think I'll have to try that next. Though I've had it at the Royal India in Hillcrest and it's nothing short of amazing. The ambiance is really nice, it makes you feel like you're really in India, or the Taj Mahal, one or the other. :) Service was wonderful and our waitress was really pretty, it was nice she had a great personality to boot to make our experience that much better. Unfortunately, it was a lunch date with my girlfriend, I'll have to bring my husband here for dinner and try their desserts!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,9/17/2014,86,202,13,14,15>Who: Over 1,000 regional residents are expected to attend the First Friday Oceanside Art Walk, put on by dozens of businesses and showcasing dozens of local artistsWhat: Downtown Oceanside is coming alive with vibrant arts, performances, music, poetry, activities, food, and fun for all agesWhen: First Friday of every month from 6-9pmWhere: Businesses and vacant spaces throughout downtown Oceanside, and extending down the coastHow much? FREE. When I told my coworkers, all inhabitants of Oceanside for years longer than this month-old newcomer, that I was going to Art Walk tonight they all inquired, "Where?" A flabbergasted me figured out the mystery after the event: August 1st 2014 was the inaugural first Friday of the art district that is Oceanside Art Walk! First stop: Oceanside Museum of Art, which was only open when I was still at work, finally opened its doors past 4pm, showcasing collections called "Spitting in the Wind" (four older artists from the region with offbeat pieces), "Rank n' File" by John Daniel Abel, featuring chiaroscuro drawings and digital prints alongside character studies of the "underbelly" population, and "DNA of creativity" which hopes to address global and local concerns through their environmentalist-ish art. Stops 2 through 13: I trekked through random establishments like the Nationwide Agency showcasing art from the Sargent Art Group, a thrift-like Plethora Galleria showcasing surfboard art from Paul Uglow, an antique Live Store featuring Celeste the jazz vocalist, the Oceanside Public Library with music from Barnwell Swift, art from Jenny Kelly and paper-bag-face sculptures from Amida Torres, and Endurance House which featured Jeanne Ortiz sculpting live. Of notable mention is Brooks Theatre's showcase featuring among others, Cathie Joy Young (paintings) and Todd Carpenter (oils), two artists I intend to follow down the line. What was rad about Brooks is that it included a little self-introduction about each artist that was immensely fun to read. The walk spans across downtown Oceanside, from N. Nevada St to S. Coast hwy (east to west) and Endurance House to Mission Ave (north to south). Most of the shops are located heavily on Mission Ave and Artist Alley. Yarn bombing littered the town, decorating railings and trees; My favorite was a yarn bomb of a pay phone, shaping it into an iphone case with apps. Finger foods were provided at each location, though OMOA takes the cake with their fancy appetizers. Why all this? The Oceanside Cultural Consortium established in 2013 wanted to turn Oceanside into an art, culture and entertainment destination - in short, to jump start the economy. The art walk certainly is a wonderful way to advertise business and rev up the economy, by the looks of the bountiful business cards and information I collected (note: got to get soap from Plethora Galleria when out, and see Few Good Men in Star Theater Sep 26 - Oct 5). What a fantastic event! I'm already excited for the next art walk!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,9/16/2014,2096,151,7,14,14>Fun fun fun!!! I wish they had a place like this for adults!! Everyone is so happy here the kids get to watch a movie or play XBOX while the get cut and it is a great concept!! Reasonably cheap haircut and enough toys and kids activities to entertain  the wildest little ones. Make an appointment ahead of time and choose a fun activity for your little one
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,9/15/2014,392,263,14,22,18>I tried to check into El Napaloto restaurant and realized that it was not listed. There are two El Napolitos in the same parking lot so it is kind of confusing.You can usually tell a good restaurant by the crowds, and that is the case here! You may have to wait 5 minutes to place an order, it is totally worth it. The traditional Mexican offerings are quality delicious treats. The salsa bar is a nice way to test out some different varieties of salsas. I am a fan of the roasted pepper and tomato but they have a nice variety including fresca, verde, chipotle and of course guacamole. They also will sell you all kinds of Mole, tamales  and enchilada sauces here.On weekdays they offer beef and chicken soup and on weekends they change that to consome, menudo and Pozole. I usually order some shrimp in a ranchero sauce. Their shrimp cocktails was the best one that I have ever eaten. It was slightly sweet yet balanced with a touch of heat and a whole lot of flavor. I don't know if I will ever be able to eat here without picking some up. Whatever you end up with will be a treat. yum.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,9/14/2014,157,368,5,7,6>I love Cardiff Beach Bar! Great views, fast service.  We've gone for brunch/lunch a handful of times.  I haven't been here for just the bar, but every time I've been during the day, it's been pretty empty.  Which means fast service, and I'm okay with that. Their bloody marys are HOT (see photo - that pepper concoction goes in it), which is great.  They also have a decent beer list and other cocktails.  Honestly, I usually just stick with the bloody mary though.Their brunch menu is small, but everything on it is fantastic.  I love the chilquiles in particular.Lunch/Dinner - Their Tower Nachos are no longer on the menu, but if you ask for it, they'll do it.  They're great.  I also really liked the zucchini boats for your veggies out there.I assume this place gets busier at night, because it's usually us and maybe 5 other groups every time we've been, which doesn't seem sustainable.  I can't speak for the night life, but maybe if you're out in Cardiff, this is the place to be - I don't see how else it is staying in business with it's slow days.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,9/13/2014,41,128,5,7,6>Soul food as close as it gets!!! I had their southern fried chicken and jimmy lee's pulled pork and have to say hot-dig-a-dee-dammmm ... Thier chicken was crispy yet tender and pulled pork sweet and tangy. Each meal came with fries and cornbread muffin which again was good. With all this goodness it would be a crime not to wash it down with some sweet tea.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,9/12/2014,209,50,8,11,8>FIRST IMPRESSIONSCame here once ages ago + wasn't super impressed. Returned recently for Tuesday trivia + have enjoyed a much nicer experience. Noteworthy selection of local suds.THE DIGSBeer selection is pretty good for this neck of the woods; not many big craft beer bars in town. But Pitchers offers up some great local + not-so-local craft breweries for your drinking pleasure thanks to Danny the bartender.Food is satisfactory pub fare. I will admit my exposure is limited because I usually eat before I come out for Live Prize Trivia on Tuesdays.Which takes me to my next point: Trivia Tuesdays are the major draw for me here. I enjoy flexing my grey matter from time to time, especially when the winning teams are rewarded with a $20-$30 bar tab. Not too shabby if you've got what it takes to de-throne some of the larger regular teams.Service is excellent. Our Tuesday bartender, Danny, is on point. He knows his craft up, down, + sideways + always has a smile on his face. Happy patrons make for a successful + busy environment.THE VERDICTPitchers is a great dive bar for sports enthusiasts. Set your expectations to loud + local + you won't be disappointed by this watering hole.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,9/11/2014,151,656,5,5,7>Great optometrist office. Friendly staff, clean and modern office, convenient hours, and barely any wait. Dr. Chou was really honest with us and said that since we are young, coming every other year is enough (instead of the recommended annual visit). I appreciate his honesty in doing right by his patients.Another benefit of the office... after LASIK, some vision plans allow you to use the frames allowance for sunglasses, instead of prescription glasses. This is a great benefit to get reimbursed for trendy, designer sunglasses. However, you have to buy the glasses through an in-network provider, which usually means only optometrist offices. (You can't take the money to use to buy sunglasses at Sunglass Hut or something.) As you may guess, offices mark up frames by a lot more than the normal retail store, so it becomes really hard to find sunglasses that fall into your allowance. EyeLux may be one of the few places that has good selection and somewhat reasonable prices. Plus, they also do a price match, so we were able to show them how much a pair would go at a retail store. They matched it, allowing us to buy the sunglasses under our plan and not exceed our allowance.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,9/10/2014,129,38,7,9,7>This is solely based on the cronut as that's all I devoured at this small little bakery. They have very few pastries but my sole mission was the cronut. After hearing the craze of them in NY I was so happy to hear this bakery near my house had them. Finally ventured there today and I was not disappointed. At 5dollars a cronut your mouth will be pleased with each flakey sweet bite! I now wish I bought more than one.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,9/9/2014,125,23,5,10,8>Churchills is one of my brothers favorite spots, and I thought it was about time I gave it a try. We went for lunch on a Sunday, so we were given the brunch menu. We started off with some beer. Their beer selection is amazing and extensive. This place is great for the craft beer connoisseur. We then started out with the sriracha hummus and French onion soup. The hummus was not very spicy like I expected, but tasty. The soup was amazing, but I guess they do not serve the soup regularly anymore. My mom tries the eggs Benedict, which had a British twist. It was topped with a chipotle hollandaise sauce and a sausage patty. It was very delicious. I tried the fish and chips. It was by far some of the best fish and chips I have ever had! The batter for the fish was incredible! It was also served with some very tasty fries, cole slaw and tartar sauce. While waiting for our food to come, some of the other tables burgers caught my eye (I will definitely be needing to try a burger next time). Our waitress was very sweet and attentive (she was Jennifer Lawrence's doppelgänger in my opinion). Overall, great beer, service and food! Will definitely be going back.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,1/31/2014,53,155,6,9,6>The Draft is so fun. Perfect place to watch a few games, happy hour with the co-workers, lunch/dinner with the family, or when you need to just have a fun night.  People are nice. Service is friendly and accommodating.  I love the UFC/boxing nights.  Been coming here for years and every time,  the food is amazing!!!  So good, it's worth it to be a lil fat.  Lol.  There really is no other place like it in North County. It's clean and there are so many TVs to watch your favorite team. Highly recommended! :-)
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,1/30/2014,63,94,6,10,5>I've been a patient for 6 weeks, and I have held off on writing a review, because my experience has been TOO good, and something has to go wrong, right? Wrong.This place is amazing. I was referred here though a colleague of my Dad's, and it must of been divine intervention. I have been a chronic migraine sufferer for about 5 years. No amount of  PT, acupuncture, neurologist or ER's has been able to come up with a diagnoses. I have kept food diaries, quit caffeine and booze, and still had no improvement. I called SDSR and was able to get in the SAME DAY with Dr. Gruba. I was on week 3 of daily migraines and at the end of my rope. He met with me, explained how he thought they could help, got me xrays and then attempted to alleviate some of my pain. On my next visit, my treatment plan was laid out for me. 2 times a week (they wanted 3 but that is not feasible with my schedule) for PT, E-Stem, Chiro, Traction and Trigger point massage (TPT) and after 3 weeks, massage (EMT) therapy twice a month. I almost cried when I met with the finance gal and she told me how much it would cost. One month of treatment is normally what I would pay for ONE PT only visit with other practicioners in the past. The difference with SDSR is they actually care about the patient. They know if you can't afford it, you won't be back. What insurance doesn't cover, they don't charge back to you. This is almost unheard of in the medical industry.I thoroughly enjoy my visits, which last about 1:15 each time. Everyone remembers your name, asks how you are doing and if you have any questions. There are a ton of people on the floor, and they don't hesitate to come to your assistance. They operate like a well oiled machine. One of the PT workers actually went out of her way to email me some helpful info on how to properly hydrate to avoid migraines. ON TOP of all this, they do amazing things for the community. They cater to military families, and are constantly sponsoring wives nights out, ball gown donations, food drives, etc. They even get their patients involved. I recently won a $50 Red Lobster gift card for donating some cans of tuna for a drive. They really do appreciate their patients.The best part? My migraines are reduced by over 50%. I am terrified what will happen when I graduate the program. I would almost fake a new injury just to come back and be treated by this wonderful group of people!Thank you SDSR!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/29/2014,197,58,5,11,8>Seriously cheap sandwiches and they happen to be good as well!My buddy, brought me over at Cali Baguette to get a french baguette. I saw the menu and was genuinely surprised at how cheap they were! I mean, come on... A rotisserie chicken sandwich, foot long, at $2.95. I decided to try it, and even had some of the rolls that they had. I can say that for the price, you got to try it at least once. I am hooked and find myself coming back here whenever I am not in the mood for anything big fast food chains. This location is clean. The customer service is a little over the top, but I shouldn't be complaining. They really do a good job to make sure that you feel that your business is important. Like I said, it might be a little too over the top, but I bet I would complain if it was non existent. So this is a plus.One downside, but I wouldn't let that take any star away from my review, is the fact that they have a $0.50 charge whenever you use a credit/debit card. For the price of whatever is up on the menu though, I find it very worth it.If you're into sandwiches out of french baguettes, you're tired of subway, want to try something new and you're in the area... Definitely try Cali Baguette Express. You won't even have to battle too much to find parking unlike some of the places around.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,1/28/2014,210,188,4,7,5>We've been here a couple of times for the Sunday night deal, where their filets are only $15.  It's definitely an old school chop house, the inside is a bit stuffy so if the weather is nice I advise sitting on the patio.  It's a bit off the beaten path; not really easily accessible from the freeway.The food was good, not the best steak you'll ever have, but for $15 I'm not complaining.  The steak was served with some steamed veggies and mashed potatoes.  I'd say 3 star food, but I'm bumping them up a star since you rarely see restaurants offer a filet special for such a good deal.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,1/27/2014,154,43,13,14,12>Besides antibiotics and possibly the automobile, the greatest technological breakthrough of the 20th century is clearly the invention of yoga pants. CorePower Del Mar embraces innovation and surrounds you with this wonderful creation while attending what could often be confused with a beautiful person convention. This sweaty testament to the hard working yogi's of Del Mar is beautifully appointed, exceptionally maintained, well-staffed, and emits a largely agreeable aroma. They offer a full range of classes beginning nearly every half hour which is good for those of us maintaining odd hours on our prison release work programs and all the instructors are incredibly friendly, helpful, and easy on the eyes. Doing extraordinarily slow push ups for an hour inside an active furnace couldn't be any more pleasant than this.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,1/26/2014,363,200,12,19,13>Thirsty for some beer? This is your place.Encinitas Ale House my default, go-to spot when I'm in the area. Am I ever tempted to try someplace new? Sometimes but it's just too hard to resist their amazing and extensive tap list. For example: They always, always, always have Delirium Tremens (awesome Belgian strong ale) on tap. Last week they had Duchesse De Bourgogne (a yummy Flemish red ale) and a few weeks ago they had Russian River Supplication (sour brown ale), which was divine. Other than the one time we witnessed a drunkard puke AT THE BAR (yep, true story!), this has always been a great place to grab a pint or two. * Check out their website for a current list of beers on tap.* Huge TVs above the bar to catch all of the latest games.* Clean restrooms, which are outside, on the left.* Plenty of street parking.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,1/25/2014,41,38,4,8,5>Rico's is absolutely the best.  I was born and raised in Encinitas, so I've been able to sample authentic taco shops in the North County area for the past 25 years.  I've got to say that Rico's is my favorite.The ingredients are fresh and the service is absolutely great - My sister and I are on a first name basis with the owner who is always friendly.  I always order the veggie burrito with guacamole which is EPIC.  This burrito is probably one of my favorite things in the world to devour.  They also have a "Justin" burrito which is the mix of a veggie and California burrito - delicious combo but very heavy... maybe a meal for two.Word of advice - call in your order.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,1/24/2014,78,78,4,8,4>Is this fine dining or a common restaurant? NO...Is it fan-TASTIC?!? Yes!!!  Thanks to my trusty yelpers, I went there for the first time tonight. I ordered gnocchi with mushroom sauce with meat lasagna Togo and their homemade noodles for my homemade chicken noodle soup :). I was a little apprehensive over the reviews of the moody mother but the daughter was working and she was one of the nicest persons I've ever met!  I'm in love with what I ordered but I can't wait to try everything on the menu.. Everything is made from scratch and with a low price point and family atmosphere this place is a go-to when I want to give the "carbs" food group a little extra love.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,1/23/2014,421,351,3,6,4>Well I'm here opening day but they only have 2 guest beers on tap for now .the nut brown ale will be ready in 1 hour. I will update when I try it.the lay out is cool your typical brewery  however they have a big screen tv ...nice I will update shortly*****Updated 11-4-13******I had the pleasure of trying the Red Ale at the Brewer Takeover VIP party, I must say it was pretty good and I got to talking with the owners, very cool peeps, I cant wait to come back and try the rest of the line up.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,1/22/2014,79,93,10,9,7>It was as if springtime had not yet faded into summer; bougainvillea and snapdragon and white rose toss thousands of soft pastel kisses of color into the fading light of early evening, a gentle breeze rustles through the brittle leaves of eucalyptus, quietly whispering a hushed, unending canon arranged for nature's own woodwinds.  Beneath our feet, a single lane of stone beckons us upward - as so many before us - to step into the Spanish Californian elegance of La Morada: the house of many rooms.Far removed from the dazzling dining rooms and lively parlors of the coastal haunts of the powerful and wealthy, the hand troweled adobe walls and stone fireplace of the Inn at Rancho Santa Fe's drawing room invite reconsideration of the nature of true luxury.  The gaudy and gilded have no place here.  Instead, an innate balance and openness pervade - elemental leather and wood offer a sense of warmth and familiarity, french doors and picture windows entice exploration - speaking to an inner calmness and sense of home.  And the welcoming smiles of staff and guests alike betray the presence of a special magic kindled through decades of perpetuating a uniquely elegant, Californian way of life.Morada, the Inn's recently renovated and expanded restaurant, is a far cry from the tiny library that once served as the hotel's main dining room (though the library remains available for private dining).  Dark woods and whitewashed walls, delicate crystal chandeliers and metallic sconces, marble bars and black-and-white photographs - the restaurant itself is a visual metaphor of Rancho history.  It is by far the most casual of the Village's three landmark restaurants in character (with the unsurpassed Mille Fleurs and very capable Delicias both inspiring a more formal aire) but maintains a sense of elegance and cultivation.  Though a bit spare and deceptively large (it is a bit prone to growing loud... especially when a few golfers decide to order a few extra cocktails), the dining room remains intimate and rustic - a suitable addition to a community whose portfolio already boasts two of the most aesthetically beautiful public restaurants in the United States.Having been warmly welcomed and seated (and table quickly rearranged so that we may sit across from each other... an accommodation which was warmly anticipated by the seating hostess and offered before we had a chance to ask) we found ourselves with a corner table possessing a view of one of the Inn's lovely pools and a fireplace burning at its far end.  Moreso than usual, we found ourselves perusing both an extensive wine list (the regional wine list was quite extensive, and we were excited to see our favored Palumbo Family Vineyards represented within it) and well-selected menu with a measure of indecision.  Happily, our waiter was enthusiastic and possessed wonderfully extensive knowledge of both chef Todd Allison's new menu and the best wines to pair with each dish. And we were well attended by bus service and waiter alike. Soon we settled upon a beef tartare for our appetizer (the grilled brioche toast and truffled garlic turned out to be our favorite part, though the entire dish was quite capable) and a prime beef rib eye with buttermilk onion ring for my date and short ribs for myself.  The rib eye was reportedly delicious, although the cut seemed to have more fat than typically expected.  But the onion rings were a delight - lightly breaded, not the slightest bit greasy or crumbly, they are a comparatively guilt-free indulgence.  My short ribs, braised in a port wine sauce that betrayed notes of cherry and mahogany, and accompanied by an elegant twist on "texas toast," was perfect in execution, if served a bit on the cold side.  Indeed, the few negative comments we had are typical of a restaurant that is just getting started.  Everything was delicious, and the staff was enthusiastic and went out of their way to assure their guest's happiness and satisfaction.  By the time a final glass of wine and my customary side car had arrived (they passed the sugar-on-outside-rim-only test that even the Ritz fails...the bartender deserves a special citation for her expertise) we were quite happy.  When all was said and done Morada proved itself worthy of its esteemed location inside the Ranch's most storied and prominent public gathering place.  Indeed, revisiting and sampling breakfast and a light lunch are indeed a pleasure we look forward to enjoying.The sun having set and the meal drawing to a close, we returned whence we came; the gentle colors of a garden eternally in bloom now veiled.  In its place the waxing moon and the soft, soothing aroma of the willowy eucalyptus above gently follow us as we leave, slowly descending the stone path back into the tiny Spanish Californian village - content, knowing that sometime, very soon, we would be welcomed to La Morada once again... as if we never left.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,4/1/2014,134,129,4,8,7>I love nothing more than fresh, delicious food at a very reasonable price. I especially love nothing more than food that satisfies my DH, my in-laws, and myself all at once. I am definitely a fan of Tin Leaf. The food is made with the freshest ingredients. The flavors are matched very well. Seriously, try the tri-tip. It is fabulous and perfectly cooked. My father in-law got the meatloaf which he loved. Even my mother in-law loved her turkey. I absolutely love that you can choose your meat and which sides you'd like with it. Also, they have cane sugar sodas here which I love! This is unusual for me as I don't normally drink sodas. I have a hard time choosing what to drink here since they have very good, real iced teas, soda, and lemonade. The atmosphere is great and the staff are super nice and courteous as well.I have never tried the desserts here as I normally stuff myself with the main course since it's so good. However, they always look amazing and I end up kicking myself because I want to try them.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,3/31/2014,120,143,4,9,7>Having grown up in Oceanside, I remember when Beach Break was nothing more than the little corner cafe of a very small shopping center bursting at the seams with people both at their seats and eating and those waiting to be seated (and boy would those waits be long!) I am happy to see how far this restaurant has come!Its new location is appropriately sized and now hosts a large lobby/waiting area for all those eager to eat some delicious food! With the expansion of their restaurant, the wait times have been cut down drastically too. Beach Break always has specials, but in terms of price and value: you get quality food at a great price! Definitely try the Biscuits and Gravy, Coffee Cake, or Kelly's Bagel...I suggest because those are my absolute favorites! Next time I'm gearing up for the Killer Burrito! The staff is always chipper, quick on their toes, and radiate with that local glow that makes their personalities so welcoming! The surf magazines on the walls and in tables all the more further the at-home in Oceanside feeling!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,3/30/2014,165,223,6,11,7>Welcome to my neighborhood!!! So glad to finally have a decent breakfast spot here at Del Mar Highlands! The old IHOP just wasn't doing it for me :/Walked in today grand opening no wait...sweet!!! Our waiter Matt AKA Memphis was so sweet...he gets down to your level sits right next to you when taking your order which i loved! He did a great job keeping me company and making me laugh until my friend showed up to join me. He recommended the top 3 pancakes for me to try to complete my pancake flight! He suggested the pancake of the day which was chocolate chip bacon, pineapple upside down and blueberry cobbler. My favorite was the pineapple!! I also ordered their lox with goat cheese...they forgot the lox! Lol!! It's their first day so they get a break ;) The entire dining experience was fun, upbeat and cheery! I can't wait to come back here every Saturday morning with my kiddos! I know they will do well here and parking is a breeze compared to their Hillcrest location. Just a little tip the $6 kids meal comes with a small pancake...next time I would pay $1.50 more to get the pancake flight as it comes with 3 pancakes!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,3/29/2014,250,200,5,8,6>Definitely my go-to place for Thai food in north county!!! Last time I went I tried their Tom Kha, Glass noodles and mango sticky rice. Tonight, I tried their beef noodle soup on their special menu! Also Penang curry with roasted duck and angel's wings. ..... Of course we concluded the meal with our favorite mango sticky rice again!!Flavors are amazing here. Every bite is so well balanced. Nothing is overdone. The Tom Kha is served in a flaming soup pot. The fuel runs out pretty much the same time when you're done. the soup itself is refreshing as a great starter because it's light and sour. Their glass noodles are cooked with tender meat and fresh vegetables and the dish is properly seasoned like a good pad see ew. If their special is still going on, order the beef noodle soup!!! My God! So, this is like the fusion of Tom yum soup and Vietnamese pho. Heard that!? You have best of both worlds in one bowl for 8 bucks. the soup base itself is a bowl of delicious Tom yum soup! Not to mention the Al dente Pho noodles and the juicy beef slices. And now I present the glorious, majestic, magnificent mango sticky rice! Fresh cubes of mango accompanied with soft chewy rice served with sweet coconut cream and topped with roasted sesame seed. If your mouth doesn't start watering, there's something wrong with you. (or I'm just a bad writer.)service is quick and friendly. prices are reasonable. Plenty of parking in restaurant row. (it's next to ihop and opposite to penny lane by the way). Come here for your Thai food fix!!! (still full and it's 5 hours already... Burp)
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,3/28/2014,6,60,6,10,7>"Some day, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me."- Don Corleone in The Godfather.Okay, I'm going to let you in on a little secret about Brian Malarkey restaurants. It's a generalization (one that absolutely holds true after over a dozen dining experiences at his different outposts) that you can have, free of charge, and just thank me for...later. Ready? Here it is;Just. Order. Small. Plates.That's right. Stay away from those big, hulking entrees. They never, ever, ever live up to the hype. The flavor combinations, the preparations, the presentations. They just cannot hope to match the playful, almost whimsical nature of their small plates menu.  Instead, find yourself a nice seat or table in the bar area and just nom, nom, nom your boat gently down the stream to culinary happiness on the various small plates Malarkey's minions offer up. Duck fat fries, mussels and chorizo, spicy shrimp and grits, cheddar puffers, blistered shishito peppers and an outstanding pork belly preparation. That, mi amici, is what you need, along with one (or, if you're me, five) of their outstanding specialty cocktails for a great night out with friends and loved ones. And there you have it. Now, about that service I may need from you one day...
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,3/27/2014,144,90,7,14,8>Lourdes is a prime example of why hype can be misleading, and misplaced, all at once. It's a solid authentic taco shop that latched onto its chicken soup with an advertising death grip, like a shipwrecked, overboard sailor to a broken plank of the mast. It's a reasonable strategy, given that operating a taco shop in Escondido is sort of like being shipwrecked amongst thousands of broken planks, and just hoping yours is the most buoyant.Truth be told: their chicken soup is good, but it's not as out of this world as the cuter version of Foghorn Leghorn on the side of their building would have you believe. It's a pretty flavorful broth, with a fair amount of chicken, but lacks the serious heartiness of a rich, marrow-drenched broth. The rice is sometimes too dry. The addition of fresh avocado is a nice touch, but I can't help but find it slightly bland.Their mild salsa, that they serve with a small bowl of tortilla ships tastes like salty Prego, with virtually no kick. Their salsa bar helps to redeem it, and the chipotle sauce on their "Manager Special" pollo asado tacos is actually fantastic. They only have two salsas at the bar, and they charge for you to take them to go.The carnitas was the real star of the show, for me. It is ideally crispy, but not overcooked. Their fish taco was actually very nice as well, with lightly-fried cod in a batter that's just crispy enough without drowning the fish's flavor in batter. They offer a pair of pollo as a "Manager Special," which is fantastic, but they you won't find it on the menu board, which disappointingly offers pedestrian shredded beef or shredded chicken tacos. The carne asada is fine, but again, too finely diced and too greasy to match the blackened, charcoal-grilled pollo asado.I work in the area, so I will nearly always find myself taking advantage of their $1.79+tax Taco Tuesdays and Thursdays. It's often very busy at lunchtime, and it can be a little difficult to find a clean table. The more times I come here, however, the more I realize that they are far enough from 5 stars to make me feel guilty for penalizing a place for falling short of "best chicken soup" hyperbole.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/26/2014,116,236,4,8,6>We were looking for a low key place to eat dinner with my sister and her two young kiddos. She mentioned this place and since we haven't had gyros in awhile, we went for it. It is a fast casual restaurant where you order at the counter and then wait for your food at your table. The place is not huge but there's a good number of tables available. We chose a really nice large wooden table in the back that looked like it was for special occasions or reservations but that's where my nephew wanted to sit so we did. We asked the cashier when we ordered and he said it wasn't reserved...so note to self...it only looks like a reserved, special occasion table. Anyhow, I mention it because it makes dining there feel nice and is great for a larger group. They have a nice assortment of wraps, combos and salads. I had the gyro plate which came with rice and salad and was pleasantly surprised with the gyro meat. Much better than Daphne's and pretty much the same price for a plate. I tasted my sister's couscous and other items from her veggie platter - all was pretty delicious! We didn't pay too much attention because we didn't think there we'd be going there very often since it's too far from where we live but ALAS....we were at Target the other night in Poway and spotted a Luna Grill that seemed to be in development. Yay! Cool spot for good Mediterranean food at a good price with nice staff and a clean restaurant. I recommend! Enjoy!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2014,3/25/2014,529,620,8,9,8>This place has been highly recommended to me for years. Today was the day that I finally  gave it a try. The service wasn't anything special; typical beach city service - aloof, nonchalant, and really don't give a BEEP! I wasn't greeted when I walked in. The dude working the register, phones, and orders made eye contact with me several times, but didn't bother to acknowledge my existence. Now that I've gotten that out of the way, I'll say that I wasn't too bothered by the service or lack there of. I was there for a sandwich, so, my expectations were fairly low.I ordered the Turkado on squaw with a bag of Dirty Chips. Loved the sandwich, but I think it would've been even better had I opted to add bacon for a couple dollars more - because bacon makes everything betta; but the real star of the show is the special sweet & sour sauce - it's "make ya wanna smack yo mama" good!4 stars for the yummy sandwich and "make ya wanna smack yo mama" sauce. 2 stars for the "oh no you didn't" service. LOLI'll definitely return to another Board & Brew location to try another yummy sandwich.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,3/24/2014,307,470,5,9,8>It's not a sushi party until the Mexican Gone Wild is on the table in front of you! If you've been to Hooked on Sushi, you know that Mexican Gone Wild doesn't refer to a sexy Latino bad boy (although a girl can dream, can't she?) but to one of the restaurant's most popular specialty rolls. The Mexican Gone Wild roll includes spicy tuna, spicy mayo and jalapeno getting up close and personal with avocado, albacore, cucumber, shrimp tempura, eel sauce and crunchies. Yeah, there's a lot going on with this complex creation that is the Mexican Gone Wild. I also had the Carlsbad roll which is rocking jumbo shrimp, cucumber, tuna, salmon, albacore, crab, crunchies and eel sauce. Because everything, and I mean everything, is better with crunchies and eel sauce.The service is great here! Attentive, professional and courteous - and that goes for all the staff (from the person at the door/cash register to the server to the two chefs behind the counter). Yeah, the location is sort of random - it's in the same shopping plaza as Chuze Fitness and across from Westfield Plaza Camino Real.Conclusion: I thought the Carlsbad roll tasted kind of plain, even with the load of ingredients up in its folds. The Mexican Gone Wild packs more punch in the flavor department, but it wasn't at all as spicy as you would think. So don't be scared if you think it's going to be muy caliente! The jalapeno bits are cut up so tiny and they don't include too much, so sometimes I didn't even taste major spiciness. I'm sensitive to spicy food, but this wasn't painful.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,3/23/2014,760,816,3,6,4>we were going to go to Snooze for brunch but it was way too crowded so we headed to Davanti Enotecaordered the Uovo con Bistecca; it is: braised beef cheek + smashed fingerling potato + sunny-side egg + truffle oil + grana padano Portion looked small, but the richness of the braised beef cheek and potatoes will fill you up. It was a heavy dish. Delicious but heavy. The beef cheek was tender and was full of flavor - it absorbed all the truffle oil and grana padano flavors but still maintain the beef flavor. The truffle oil didn't overpower the meat. This trendy italian restaurant provides a good atmosphere where they have an indoor w/ big windows patio, there are plenty of heat lamps to keep you warm. They also have a Bloody Mary bar, which I found it unique and fun. I didn't try it because I don't know how to make a good Bloody Mary, but seeing other customers making their own Bloody Mary concoction made me wanted to try it next time. By having a taste of their brunch menu, i foresee their dinner menu would be even better. I can't wait to visit Davanti Enoteca for dinner (i've seen it at night, it has quite a romantic feel)
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,12/24/2012,327,309,5,8,5>I LOVE coming to this classy joint for an early lunch on the weekend! Catherine always treats us like a million bucks and we're always happy to see her smiling face :)MY FAV'S:CAPRESE - Fresh mozzarella, sliced tomato, fresh basil, Topped with olive oil. Served with garlic bread. ($12)HOMEMADE CHIPS - Crisp thinly sliced potatoes seasoned with salt, pepper, & parmesan. **Was really surprised at how tasty and large these were! ($7)BRUSCHETTA - Sautéed in olive oil parmesan & garlic. Toasted garlic mozzarella bread topped with chopped tomato, basil, & black olive. ($12)LINGUINI OGTB - Olive Oil, garlic, plum tomato, fresh basil ($15)EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA - Fried eggplant layered with mozzarella & baked. Served with pasta & our tomato Sauce. ($14) **Add ravioli for $3 more!!!SHRIMP AGLIO DE OLIO - Shrimp sautéed in lemon, olive oil & garlic. Served over linguini. ($19)GREGORIO'S SUPREME PIZZA - Sauce, pepperoni, sausage, meatball, green pepper, onion, mushroom, black olive, mozzarella, tomato ($16 Med. / $19 Lrg.) ***Thin Crust, even with all of the toppings, this is light and goes great with a salad!WINE - Yes please! If you're not sure what to get, ask for a recommendation. These servers know their stuff and they have a great selection!!Be sure to ask about their lunch specials, they're a sure-fire way to have a gourmet Italian lunch when your'e pinching pennies, or just like a good deal on fabulous food. Do yourself a favor - sit outside on the patio and enjoy people watching from up at tree level. They also offer gluten free pasta - Heck yes for the GF!On our last visit I had the salad and baked ziti lunch and it was PERFECT! Were there for a birthday lunch and stayed for a while. Our server kept our drinks filled and didn't rush us, so we were able to visit longer and enjoy our time together. On our next go 'round I'm going to try the Rosemary Chicken Salad, and it MIGHT even happen at dinner time!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/23/2012,303,401,3,5,5>Pregnant!Why yes I am!Needing exercise? Yup! Well, specifically requiring something to stretch out my tired limbs.I had seen advertisement via a friend for a new yoga studio that was opening up, so went along. I was a yoga virgin and had no idea quite what to expect. I went along on their first day having signed up for the new members deal online. Shelley Rahim who leads the prenatal yoga was welcoming and friendly. Since the first time I have been to a number of prenatal yoga sessions, each of the sessions are well planned and interesting. The moves are designed to enable those with bumps to do the exercises and if anyone is struggling she will offer advice of alternative ways to move. I will continue to attend until my body says no!Once I have little one (coming in January!) and they are ready to go out in the big wide world I will be participating in the Postnatal yoga and the Mommy and me yoga.All of the staff at this studio are friendly and welcoming! I would definitely point anyone in the direction of this studio.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2012,12/22/2012,105,73,16,8,8>To my young bucks out there, make no mistake from the first step you walk in to this place you WILL be hunted by the most vicious and savage of all predators in the animal planet, the two legged cougar. I barely made it out of this place with my neck still attached to my head! Better watch yourselves young guys because if you still wish to retain some sort of a restraint on your innocent youth then I suggest you show up with a chastity belt with some caution tape wrapped around it. Especially if you know how to wear a pair of jeans fellas (you know what I'm saying) expect to be like a wildebeest going for a swim the lake where all the crocs are chilling.....and its feeding time.Can I smell your meatballs?Let's take a moment from how this place is like a scene out of Jumanji and talk food. I associate bread to women, you don't want it too hard or too soft, sometimes it's good fluffy when it's the right type of roll. Well if the pre-meal bread served here was a woman it would be like biting in to the Borg queen from Star Trek, harder than the final level of Donkey Kong. Meatball sliders were cooked well for the quality of meat, certainly not my favorite but they did a solid job nonetheless. Wasn't a fan of the buns for my meatball sliders, they were as bland as glass noodles dipped in water.Keep an eye out for claws fellas, be safe, and tip your waitress because who knows she may have a whip somewhere to ward of some of the uglier beasts if you know what I mean.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,12/21/2012,159,438,3,5,3>Yup found my new coffee joint! Black Rock you Rock! I have drove by this place a few times and just the size of it made me curious! It is definitely more than what meets the eye! The customer service is great too.  You can only drive thru or park and walk up to the tiny window fyi. They will also be sure to take your cash or credit! This is one tiny place but their flavor for coffee is huge! What I ordered:Mint Chai Chiller Medium 4.75Iced Vanilla Latte Small 3.75?Both impressed me so much I want more and will be addicted I see it now haha! Watch out Starbucks and Coffee Bean this place is competition for sure! Hmm...speaking of coffee maybe I will go try another flavor see you in a few haha!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,12/20/2012,40,122,,4,2>Claire's on Cedros...where do I begin?As the other hundreds of Yelpers have said, DO expect a wait. We were told an hour wait, but it was in fact less. Since there were a few parties who couldn't hang around long enough to keep their reservation, they got bumped off the list and sadly missed out on some extraordinary eats.I had the most memorable vanilla latte...for me to use the word "memorable" in describing a drink is pretty serious. It was really THAT good. I ordered a custom scramble with bacon and cheese, which came with a side of toast (your choice) and potatoes. Yumminess! Hubby ordered the steak and eggs, and oh my was this good. So tender and perfect. We shared a short stack of their famous Claire Cakes (cinnamon)...this was truly heaven. I was convinced after a couple of bites that these cakes did not really need syrup. They weren't too sweet but full of so much flavor, and they were moist and fluffy. Hands down, the BEST cakes I've had!I will consider other Yelpers' tips about arriving after the rush - but let me note that I'm pregnant and it's ludicrous to ask a pregnant woman to wait an hour...but I was willing to for Claires and I sure am glad I did. Very cute place and perfect for a beautiful San Diego day. Dogs are welcome in the patio area. And if you do get sentenced a fairly long wait time, don't worry - go and visit their little pastry bar inside and consider it a sort of appetizer - their pastries are amazing and like I said about that latte...memorable! Nice touch to have those little heart shaped cookies at the end of your meal. Makes me heart COC even more!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,12/19/2012,101,397,11,16,11>KAITO has raised the (sushi) bar -- went thru all my sushi reviews and dropped a star from nearly all of them. not the place for rolls the size of your forearm piled high with fried tempura bits and slathered with sriracha mayo and drowned in sticky, sweet eel sauce. theirs is done EDO style so expect uncluttered bites that let the fish and shellfish shine.got things started with a sashimi plate. buttery and rich, the TORO (blue fin belly) melted on my tongue. the MAGURO (yellow fin loin) was amazing. the TAKO (octopus) was tender. the AOYAGI (orange clam) was surprisingly sweet. dinner was off to a very happy start indeed.then we had some nigiri. the KOHADA (gizzard shad) was sublime. the wife asked for UNAGI (fresh water eel) but JOE SAN, our chef, explained that they served ANAGO (salt water eel) instead because while every other sushi bar serves UNAGI from those pre-cooked, vacuum sealed, heat-em-up and eat-em-up packages, they processed their own fresh eels (KABAYAKI style) in house. oh, and by the way, really good.JODI proclaimed her SALMON SKIN handroll the best ever. their UNI (sea urchin) was also spectacular. love the sake service -- glasses filled until they spill over into their little wooden boxes.dinner for two was $200 (including three glasses of premium sake) with tip so be prepared for a little sticker shock but oh, so-o-o-o-o-o worth it !!!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,12/18/2012,518,290,3,6,4>i'm actually pretty impressed w. this joint. i'm not vegan and i don't really like to eat at vegan places but this place is definitely delish!spicy cha cha - like everyone has said... is freakin amazing! the batter is very light which is a huge plus for me! i hate eating deep fried food w. too much batter.  i think what makes this dish is the dipping sauce it comes with. aaaaamaze!! hmmmm. i only got a bite of this because i didn't order this plate. next time i come here thats what i'm ordering next (or the pho, been wanting to try it) !!bbq beef noodle - it was between this or the pho i couldn't decide but wanted to try it. i already ordered it w. out any bean sprouts and they hella packed cabbage with my noodles which i didn't like. next time i'll ask for no cabbage either. i pretty much could've made a salad w. all the cabbage they gave me. i liked this dish. nothing great or memorable. i would order it again but with less junk in it. i like my noodles plain for some reason.bbq chicken wings - YUM!! highly recommend this as an appetizer. it actually taste like chicken!! i was shooocked! really shocked at how delish it was. i just wish this came in different flavors. order it! you won't be disappointed.thai tea w. no boba - i was hesitant about getting this because it's more than the $2.55 cup i usually get at pho cali but wanted to try this "organic" thai tea. glad i did! it was VERY good for some reason. maybe because it was organic? lol jk i don't know but i would get this again, very refreshing.i would've given this place 5 stars but the service was slow plus they didn't give us our 10% off when we showed them our coupon for checking in via yelp. oh well we took it off their tip instead. LOL!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,12/17/2012,140,101,8,9,5>I really like this place!  The employees (and Sandy) are all quite nice, and they're honest with you about pricing, time frames & difficulty when it comes to grooming.  I've had my two poodle mixes groomed here several times and have been very happy with them.I really like the idea that when they're done being groomed (or waiting to be groomed) that the dogs get the chance to hang out in the daycare area instead of in kennels.  My dogs are spoiled at home - they sleep in our bed, they have free run of most of the furniture and they spend all of their time together with the family.  I would hate for my dog to be stuck inside a tiny cage all day when they're not even accustomed to sleeping in crates at home.  Another plus to it is, when there are other dogs there to play with, they wear themselves out and come home ready for a nap.I recommend giving them a shot, but I also recommend being specific about what you want in your grooming.  If you come in and say you want a specific cut but you want them to shave down the tail and head to the same length, say so!  I made the mistake my first time in of not specifying, and I had to live with the pompadour on my white dog until the next grooming cycle.  I'm all for shaming my dog in pictures and teasing her, but even she doesn't deserve to have to deal with the silly look for that period of time.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2012,12/16/2012,489,320,5,4,4>More like 3.5 stars...If I can avoid the mall, I will.This is my go-to spot when I need to find something to wear pronto ! You know every girl has that one store she can always depend on for affordable, cute clothes, accessories, and shoes. For me, it's 'Styles For Less.' Close to home and a nice location in Carmel Mountain with nearby restaurants, Trader Joe's, Sprouts, and a Ross right next door.  They constantly go through new inventory so the styles often change. I admit some of the clothing material are kinda cheap, but usually I can find something decent and in fashionably good taste. Tip: I avoid the 'sale' rack mainly because I've found that there's always some kind of wardrobe malfunction. Ha ! There's a reason why it's marked down to $5 folks. Just saying.Become a vip member and receive future discounts on purchases. Customer service is a 'hit or miss,' but for the most part, I do get acknowledged and assisted. If you're a 'Forever 21' kinda gal, you'll like the selection here as well.Who needs the mall ??? This place is a lifesaver !
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,12/15/2012,151,656,7,6,3>Delicious poke bowls for around $6. The rice is seasoned, the fish is fresh, and it comes with seaweed salad. The smoked salmon sushi roll is also very good. It's about eight pieces for $5. Yoshino is right next door to Vigilucci's. It's a small shop with the sweetest owner. He's one of those people that you use your super-high, super-sweet voice to... you know the one I'm talking about, the one you use when you're on the phone when you're trying to be nice to customer service. Be sure to come early- once they sell out, they're out.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,12/22/2013,121,150,4,4,4>I jumped from going every other day to EVERYDAY; this gym has improved so much since it re-grand opening! The new equipment is amazing: I love the AMT open stride, it is a great "elliptical" type of cardio that doesn't ruin your stride and you can easily knock off 300-400 calories in 30 Minutes, the new Stairmaster is so comfortable at its handles & levels are more challenging, and the new treadmills have iPod/iPhone/etc and headphones jacks along with a little keypad to switch through songs.the classes are amazing! The past month, I currently attended pilates, yoga, piloxing & Ab dominator! I'm looking to try booty camp yoga, turbo kickboxing & sculpt soon as my schedule permits.One thing I have to complain about is room for floormat stretches/workouts. Gotta make a few rounds around the gym to find a spot for my stretches and push-ups.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,12/21/2013,59,290,4,4,4>The first time I saw Bethany's work, I knew I had to have her for my wedding!! I hit the jackpot and she made my wedding SO BEAUTIFUL! She was so sweet, funny & patient ! (i changed my design like 3 times lol) She knows her stuff, so if she makes a suggestion, take it! She uses quality florals and products and her creations are to die for! I could go on and on. Her work sells its self and she is soooooo affordable! You wont be disappointed. I LOVE YOU BETHANY & TEAM! *love*
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2013,12/20/2013,151,656,1,7,2>3.5 stars. I think it's better than Phil's but not the best BBQ ever. Bonus: sign up for the birthday email list and you get a BOGO entree up to $15. Meat:- Southside rib tips- tender, but really fatty. Dry rub, but doesn't dry out the skin. Came with hot marinated-with-jalapeno red onions and sweet pickles (definitely were not "hell-fire"). - Baby-back ribs- not fall-off-the-bone tender, dry rub was way too dry for my liking. Both meats had a good smoked flavor. And the food came out fast. Sides:- Grilled pineapple steaks- interesting healthy option. Better as leftovers the next day when it's cold.- Collard greens- good, especially since it's braised with bacon and other meat- Garlic mashed red potatoes- good- Wilbur beans- also liked this one, a little more on the sweeter side, cooked with meats- Cornbread muffin- I can see why everyone likes this. It's like a honey cornbread and the muffin top was awesome.Drinks:- Margarita- decently strong, but really sweetSauces:- Sweet and Zesty- way too sweet, tasted like a honey sauce- Texas Pit- pretty strong in vinegar, but peppery, probably one of the better ones- Devil's Spit- tasted similar to Texas Pit, but spicier- Rich and Sassy- not as vinegary, but was strong in celery salt, this one was also pretty good- Georgia Mustard- tasted like mustard...- Wilbur's Revenge (xxx spicy)- didn't try, but my bf said it was pretty spicy- Southside BBQ sauce- came with the Southside rib tips, I'm not a big fan of vinegar-strong Memphis-style BBQ sauces.Service:- Our waitress was super friendly. I hate it when restaurants don't list drink prices or additional costs. Turned out that the dry rub for the baby-back ribs were an extra $1 from the original ribs, but this was not stated on the menu. No big deal, but our waitress was so sweet and took off the extra charge. Kind of shady of the restaurant though!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,12/19/2013,181,102,3,6,4>Cinepolis is the best place to have date night. The only thing I regret about coming here is both times I've been too full from dinner to order any of the foods on the menu. It's really refreshing to go to a theater that is for people 21 and up, no children - hallelujah. The theater is really clean and the customer service is wonderful, so far I don't have any complaints besides maybe the prices.. but I suppose they can get away with that ;)The chairs are big and they recline. You can remove the center arm rest if you want to cuddle with whoever is next to you and the waiters come every once and a while to see if you need anything. There is a very good variety of food, last time we went my husband ordered the sliders and although I didn't try them, they looked delicious. I had the iced citrus tea and it was really tasty. Probably the best thing about Cinepolis theaters is that you can order cocktails, beers, wines, etc. Hell yeah!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,12/18/2013,86,238,1,7,2>Delicious! They have build your own and a menu of choices. You get the four choices of ice cream, custard, soy (milk or almond), or yogurt; so it has choices for all. The fun of this place is they make the ice cream right in front of you, mixing the liquids and add-ons with Nitrogen. I'll visit again when in the mood for ice cream, move over Ben & Jerry's and Cold Stone, this place has the taste and the price on its side.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,12/17/2013,52,147,3,4,3>I love, love, love this place.  I stopped by last Friday for the first time to get a mani and pedicure.  I read the other reviews and was really excited to check it out, as I have been looking for a great place to get my nails done that is near my house.  The ladies were super sweet and made me feel comfortable right away.  They also did an excellent job on my hands and feet.  The salon is clean and fresh smelling as well.  So happy I found them!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,12/16/2013,36,154,3,3,3>Chain... Yep. In a mall... yes. But, the food is good. The counter manages to not screw it up, which is actually harder to find than one might think. There burgers and chicken sandwiches are almost always perfectly cooked along with everything else that goes with it. Since I dont tend to eat in malls, I usually get my food to go from here and outside a couple of mishaps with sides or toppings, the counter has been relatively solid. So, I am a fan of the burger place in the mall... with a view of a parking lot, next to a "Francescas Connection".
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,12/15/2013,133,389,3,4,3>$5.80 for a dozen regular, $7.50 for a dozen mixed. Cheap! And how can a donut not make your mouth happy? Better yet, the blueberry donut sure is tasty. M&M's has a bit more of a crispy crust to it with a moist center which I rather enjoy, but the flavor is comparable. Beats driving up to OC that's for sure!The case was stocked full at 7am on a Friday morning.. and of course, cash only if you didn't notice already.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,12/14/2013,31,274,3,3,4>Really cozy, intimate restaurant/wine and cocktail bar.  Perfect setting for a romantic meal.  The interior is dark and the table settings give a feeling of privacy.  The waitress covering our table, Emily, was really great - warm, sincere and professional.  The menu has some great fine dining items, yet even offers a gourmet burger for those finicky sorts.  I had the blue cheese Mac for starter and the braised pork belly with roasted corn and peaches as a main.  Both were delicious and ample portions.  Great wine selection by the glass and well organized.Here's a first in almost 200 reviews - great art in the men's room!  Not a usual area of critique, but noteworthy in this case. Three framed items on the wall.  The first is a recent photo of the iconic Cadillacs buried on end in the desert, covered in graffiti. Second is a shot of a highway (which one? - that's killing me) from the '20s showing a mountain pass and set of hairpin curves.  Lastly was a throwback to a kinder, simpler time with two attendants decked out in starched uniforms servicing a car stopped for gas at a Philips 66 station somewhere in what looks like the mid-50s.  All three were thought provoking in a place where I usually don't have deep thoughts!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,12/13/2013,101,397,5,7,6>seduced by their low, sweet siren song of sticky, sweet and lots of meat, my trudging, zombie shuffle has, over the years, lead me time and again tableside (and takeout) to the CHIN's here in CARLSBAD. okay -- more than my expired passport, my deep and abiding affection for their food has long screamed loudly and proudly "i am an AMERICAN !!!"  my daughter, JULIANA, turned nine years old yesterday. she had a craving but, marking the end of an era, the CHIN's here closed a few weeks ago and we had to make the arduous pilgrimage all the way to ENCINITAS to satisfy birthday wishes. boy, am i glad we did. i was shocked at how much better than the recently deceased CARLSBAD location the ENCINITAS CHIN's turned out to be.we eat CHINESE food family style so we all had at least a little bit of everything. we started with egg rolls, won tons (both pretty average) and LETTUCE WRAPS -- and though not as good as PF CHANG's (look, i already copped to be an AMERICAN) which is fairly universally hailed as the industry standard, the wraps were pretty darn tasty.the birthday girl ordered HOT-BURNED PORK, JODI, the wife-unit, had the PORK and EGGPLANT (hold the pork), WYATT, the seven-year old, SPICY HONEY CHICKEN, and CALEB (older son) and JULIE (his girl) shared a PLUMB TREE BEEF -- all were standards from the good, old days at the other CHIN's. everything was exceptional -- much better than we were used to. so, if you're craving CHINESE style AMERICAN grub, take a drive to ENCINITAS. you don't even have to wait for my daughter's birthday ...
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/10/2014,156,135,5,11,10>I've been here three times in the past year and have had a good experience each and every time!  First off, I love the ambiance of the place.  The decor is traditional Japanese and the waitresses even wear beautiful kimonos!  Samurai has something for everything - a bar, sushi bar, teppanyaki area where they grill the food right in front of you (but tastes so much better than Benihana's), and dining room.  They serve complimentary cucumber salad to start off the meal and also orange for dessert to end the meal!  The food and service is consistently good and I can't wait to come back to try happy hour!+1 Traditional Japanese decor & ambiance +1 Complimentary cucumber salad appetizer & orange dessert+1 Fresh, delicious food+1 Great service+1 Conveniently located in Solana Beach
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,2/9/2014,1060,798,8,12,12>I've been told about this place by so many people, I had to try it.  It's a cute place, with a nice outdoor area (although at 60 degrees I wasn't going to try it this day).  Very colorful, friendly place.  Nice man at the counter, looked like an owner.Perused the extensive menu and settled for a tostada to go.  Large, please.  (A small tostada doesn't seem to make sense.)It was great!  Great big hunks of nicely cooked and seasoned white meat chicken, not those shreds you usually find on a tostada.  The shell wasn't a tortilla but one of those baked fancy shells.  It was very light and not greasy.  The lettuce inside was fresh, I would have liked a few more beans so will ask for that next time.But all in all, a score.  I will be back to try their other offerings.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,2/8/2014,2030,893,7,15,10>What can I say that hasn't already been said about the excellent service The Screen Lady provides?  Simply stated, she's the best around!We used The Screen Lady to install an invisible/retractable screen and replace 7 window screens throughout the house that had sun damage or was just showing age. Nhorma was very responsive and fantastic to work with.  In fact, she was early to our appointment and called in advance to make sure that it was ok to come early.  I always cringe when we contract work out because you never know how they'll treat your home. Nhorma was so professional throughout and was very considerate of our no shoes in the house policy -- even removed her shoes before I had to ask.  She even shook out our door mat when the heavy winds that day made it filthy to begin with. I really appreciated her thoughtfulness and professionalism.I'd highly recommend Nhorma's services and I hope to bring her back soon to install invisible screens on two french doors in our home.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/7/2014,35,85,9,8,5>You know what tastes awesome after a night of hot sweaty dancing and drinking with your friends?CARNE ASADA FRIES. Luckily the fry God does not disappoint and he hath ruled Robertitos to be open 24 hours. (can't you hear the angels sing?)Now unto this establishment:Pros: -prob the best carne asada fries i've ever had          - delicious rolled tacos          - open 24 hours          - large menu with lots of yummy mexi treatsCons: -CASH ONLY            - They have an ATM, but they charge you like a million dollars to withdrawal            - They charged me extra for sour cream            - Also for jalapenos and carrots :(  I think the pros outweigh the cons by far, so guess I'll be seeing you around Robertitos...Ps. this relationship has been going on since my high school drinking days... and Im college graduated now.... its serious
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,2/6/2014,472,335,4,12,9>Squat More Weightlifting Club is led by head coach Erik Blekeberg out of Oceanside.  He has been competing in the sport of weightlifting for a long time, and in addition to running this club, he is the strength and conditioning coach at the Army and Navy Academy in Carlsbad.  Coach Erik eats, breathes, and lives weightlifting.  There are few people in Southern California that are as passionate and fanatic about the sport as he is.  With that said, he'd be a great person to have in your corner to up your own Olympic weightlifting game.I've trained with Coach Erik a couple times whenever I'm up in his side of town, and it's always been a delight.  His athletes are fun but serious and get down to business each training session.  Everyone works on their individual program for the day, watch each other's lifts, and learn from each other and support each other.  For lack of a better description, it is a GOOD atmosphere.If you're interested to improve your weightlifting (whether it's to improve your performance in another sport, CrossFit, or to actually compete in the sport of weightlifting) and if you're in the area, look to Squat More to do that.  In addition to the personal attention you'll receive from Coach Erik, you'll be able to work out with some of the best weightlifting equipment in Southern California, including bars and bumper plates made by Eleiko, Uesaka, DHS, and York.Coach Erik is passionate about strength.  Not even being a member of his club (since I lift for Fortius Weightlifting Team), he has still reached out to me to congratulate me on breaking through plateaus and hitting new personal records.  He revels in knowing his friends are getting stronger.  That is an intangible quality that demonstrates his dedication to the field.Finally, if YOU are committed to getting stronger, your answer might just be Squat More.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,2/5/2014,144,615,9,14,6>I went to Fish District for lunch yesterday and my ahi tuna sandwich was so good that I went home and put on a disguise and came back for dinner to enjoy fish and chips.Ok, so I didn't really go back for dinner but I was so tempted.  Fish District is classy and tasty with a welcoming staff.  Manager Luis is super friendly and I enjoyed the quick chat we had about Bressi Ranch's newest addition.  Also, I found all of the employees to be very helpful in navigating the menu.  For a great summary of the menu see Joanne H's review.  I thoroughly enjoyed my ahi sandwich and the caper sauce that I ordered with it.  Very tasty and filling.  I love the bread the sandwich was on - soft yet flavorful.Also, I have to admit that I am in love with the Fish District decor.  I feel like I'm at the San Francisco wharf eating the catch of the day - subway tile, edison lamps and school house lighting give this place a nostalgic and warm feel.Finally, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the sexy tapline at Fish District.  Lots of local craft beers on tap.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,2/4/2014,833,1178,7,10,7>Enoteca's are tasting room's for local wineries. Once you've picked one out with the local expert you go to that vineyard and purchase in bulk for your cellar or celebration. Not a wine bar the way we understand it, it's only for tasting, not socializing. Though that part of the name sounds cool it doesn't quite lend real representation. Actually the wine bar is something not really Italian because most places in the world don't have local wineries. We kind of twist the idea a little. Huge wine selection. Well selected and laid out by type, profile. 100+ from house to some really good stuff. I was most intrigued by the almost 20 types of bubbly. I like how they note organic, biodynamic and sustainable, but was a little perplexed by the Certified Napa Green Winery. Personally I think everyone puts too much stock into Napa this and Napa that. Personally my favorites have come from Spain, Paso Robles, Argentina, but who am I to de-snob a culture. Despite the price difference I thought schramsberg was really good compared to the high end stuff. I've always been an adventurous drinker so I almost always try something I've never had each time I come. Something funky from the red's I really liked was the porter creek "old vine" which I thought had great body. Varner's "bee block chardonnay" was about as dense and potent a chard has I've tried in a long time.A dozen beers, mostly bottle, half of that is Italian, some local, all craft. Sculpin is probably their best beer of category. Also a personal favorite of all time. Their lavender lemonade is good, almost too light though, while the Aquazul is a little too rich and not refreshing enough. Fresh, but not quite the effect I was expecting considering the ingredients. Lunch always calls for a pelli. Aranciata rossa is my favorite. I can't quite seem to try their cocktails. They all seem very "Italianized". With summer behind us I'd prefer to stay warm with wine, than cool off with cocktails. Porchetta & Brie with honey is so creamy and bold at different times it's very well balances as a whole. No real truffle oil is used in the making of the truffle fries. Any real truffle or extract would make the oil alone hundreds of dollars thus out of a price point for fries as a side for under $20, think about it people. Roasted mary's chicken is not worth the price. Asparagus, chard, peso, polenta, pretty basic ingredients. I did like the pistachio pesto, creamy but to me could use more garlic. Love the grilled Octopus, truly Mediterranean. I stayed away from the Pizza due to not using a trady brick oven and being a little to creative on the ingredients and profiles. I was most surprised by how they have such a great wine selection, but their balsamic was westernized. Little sweetness and not thick at all. Not everyone is used to that type of balsamic, but once you've had it there is only the inferior kind and real balsamic. Fried and stuffed squash blossoms are amazing, despite the neutral flavor of the flower the herb ricotta, pesto, lemon aioli compliment very well. Despite their Italian"ness" I never felt like I was eating there, just trying their food.Love the décor and architecture. A great addition to North County. Large spacious location, dare I mention the resemblance to a certain local beer garden. I could be warmer and inviting for socializing, but the globes and  trees are nice touches. You'd think by the menu you are in Little Italy, but don't feel that way at all. Service is only ok. Understandably new-ish the food is well prepared and plated, but the front house staff could be a little more polished. If you just stand back and watch there are obvious holes in their service areas and lapses during HH, which is generally a great time to go, but think twice on where you sit. Dinner and Lunch mid week gets you the best service due to traffic, parking, etc. It's a great place for dinner, date, the general wine and dine experience and a great addition to Del Mar. Interesting observation I've noticed about Del Mar is the city draws so many people from neighboring cities, but of my friends who live there, they prefer to not eat in Del Mar when not eating at home. Bring the plastic as you can eat pretty basically, but a few wines and your bill has tripled.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,2/3/2014,327,309,9,12,11>Super busy and slightly cramped, this Mexican food restaurant truly makes me wonder...is there something in the water in Cardiff? Not only does this beach side (east of Hwy 101) eatery have another location in Carlsbad Village, but it even shares the same cooks! I have to say, this was like a completely different restaurant compared to what I'm used to at their northern site. Thanks to TODD P.. and ALISA, we enjoyed a shrimp taco plate with rice and whole beans. Not to mention fresh chips and boat of zesty salsa, some may consider spicy. We bellied up to the bar where you clearly get the best service, even though they were super slammed the Sunday afternoon we were there.Is it something in the water? Is it the laid-back beach atmosphere and mostly-dressed locals? The lack of tourists? I don't know, but you can bet the next time I want Las Olas I'm going to make the drive down to Cardiff to enjoy it!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,2/2/2014,2096,151,7,17,13>Get here early because this place BRINGS IN A CROWD!!!! With fun stuff like hay rides, facepainting, petting zoo, HUGE selection of pumpkins (Im talking football fields filled!!) and great food Its no wonder why this is a must stop for families around the holiday! The shop near the rear of the park gets PACKED and its fun to see all the "homemade" sauces and fresh snacks. I make sure to stock up on my spicy BBQ sauces and Boston Baked Beans!  You can buy almonds, walnuts, pistachios,cashews and peanuts. Nuts sold at Bates are roasted and packaged on site to ensure freshness. Bates Nut Farm also a fudge shop and candy counter, which has a huge selection of regular as well as sugar free candy. Taste if you can because this candy is FRESH!! This year we saw the PET Halloween costume show it was pretty cute to see all the dogs dressed up. The kids have jumpies and rides to run around and have fun although its a ticket system, they had a large line to purchase, we were there all day and didnt mind.  Find a wheelbarrow and go pick out a 45 pound pumkin!! and Happy holidays!!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,2/1/2014,153,144,3,5,3>Solid lobster roll!I prefer having lobster rolls warm with toasted bread, but there aren't many places in SoCal that have this.  Was nice to see that lobster west is able to do that.  Good chunks of lobster and nice toasted and buttered bread. The lobster roll had a decent amount of meat but was tiny... I could easily eat two and not be stuffed.  Next time I'll get the larger size.It was a bit unorganized, the credit card machine was broken, and it opened late.  I can imagine that's because I went the second day it opened and it's the learning process of a new shop.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/25/2012,98,204,2,3,3>OMNOMNOM... if you're from North County, you know how sparse Filipino food can be.  I found this as a chance accident looking for a Target near school.  My eyes widened and I got excited when I saw the spread... langunisa (sweet sausage), tocino (sweet pan fried meat), menudo (with potatoes/carrots), sinigang (tamarind based soup), crispy pata (deep fried pig knuckles), and so many other Filipino staple foods.  Usually, you'd have to order this stuff one by one, wait 15-20mins for the kitchen to prepare it and pay $6-7 per ulam (item), but it was so pleasant to see it in a point/pick set up.Manila's Fastfood and Desserts prices are reasonable and their food is filling.  The food is good home cookin'... my parents loved the dinugan (pork liver and blood stew - no comment personally since I didn't try it, but if it got past people actually born on the island, then I'd say it's good).  One star got lost because their sago at gulaman (a Filipino drink) needs some improvement.  Otherwise, I leave feeling bloated and satisfied.Note: I feel bad because the people behind the counter seemed really run down.  Both times I've visited, some evil customer before/after me always has a complaint... none on my end, I just think the other people around me are high maintenance or are trying to get a meal comp'd.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/24/2012,107,273,2,6,8>No one likes getting sick (hypochondriacs aside) because it's a pain in the butt to have to take medication, getting back to feeling normal and --of course-- visit the doctors office.  Often, we're able to sack up and avoid the visit altogether.  We're fortunate that way.  Our animals, on the other hand, aren't.  Thankfully, North County Cat Hospital is around to take the sting out of the never-fun veterinary visit.We've been utilizing Dr. Daly's services for nearly four years now and aside from the high cost of getting the animals better--completely out of the doc's control mind you--we haven't a negative thing to say.  His staff is stellar and treats all of our four-legged  kids with care and respect.  Daly himself is a supremely thoughtful person, taking into consideration all aspects of pet ownership (reality, emotions, household economic situations) and a genuinely friendly individual to boot.As this is a transitional area of San Diego county for our armed forces members, I highly recommend this little hospital nestled between a dry cleaner and a sports bar.  You won't regret it.  And neither will your cat.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,10/23/2012,61,323,,6,4>After writing my first review, I was contacted by management at Cohn Restaurant Group asking me to come back and give them another shot... well, I'm certainly glad that I did.  I decided to come back with a couple of friends and try a variety of things to really get a good sampling of the menu.We started with the Mexican Prawn Sweet Corn Cakes... absolutely amazing.  The flavor of the corn cakes stood out strongly, but also mixed well with the prawns, which gave it a bit of crunch and also a unique flavor.  The combination works very well.  Along with that, it had a hint of maple flavor which added nicely as well.  We also got the Calamari with Vietnamese sauce... I was expecting something similar to what is offered at 333 which is quite a large plate of calamari with a sweet chilli sauce drizzled over the top.  At Vintana, they offer the Vietnamese sauce on the side, and the calamari isn't battered the same way... they use (I believe) really fine bread crumbs.  Overall, the texture of the calamari was great (not chewy at all), and the breading was quite good as well - had a bit of spice in itself.  The sauce had a strong citrus flavor, but also had a nice kick.  Very delicious!For mains, I ordered the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin.  Huge thumbs up!  It was cooked flawlessly, and the flavors were amazing.  The bacon had a very strong flavor without being overly salty.  The included sweet potato hash was very good as well, maybe a bit overcooked, but the flavors were still good.  The figjam also added a very sweet element to the dish which contrasted nicely with the salty nature of the pork.  Listed on the menu were brussel sprouts... they were there, but there seemed to only be a couple of them.  No big deal - I didn't feel I was missing much by having a shortage of them.  My wife had a brochette of tenderlion with shrimp dish.  The tenderloin was very good... a bit overcooked, but not to the point of being chewy.  There was a very nice chimichurri sauce which added a nice kick to the dish.  The shrimp were a bit tough, but the flavor was still very good. For desserts, we had a creme brulee trio and the "potted brownie" with banana ice cream.  The creme brulees were quite good, one was a very basic one, the second had a citrus/vanilla flavor to it (my favorite of them), and the third was chocolate coffee flavored.  All were very tasty, although the chocolate coffee one seemed to have been torched for a bit too long... it had a slight burned flavor to it, but once I got past that, it was pretty good.  The potted brownie was absolutely amazing.  The brownie itself was warm, gooey, and made of more of a dark chocolate.  The banana ice cream added to it was fantastic.  It was a bit rich, and honestly a bit of challenge to finish, but it was seriously very good.Ok, so after reading this, you may be questioning the 5-star rating, despite having a few food-related issued (a couple things overcooked).  The reason for this is the service.  The Cohn group along with along with the Executive Chef and General Manager of Vintana went out of their way to make everything right, and they certainly succeeded.  Despite my harsh and critical first review, they were incredibly friendly and understanding and really wanted to make it all better.  Very, very impressed.  That level of service has definitely won me over as a customer.  I trust that the small food-related "kinks" will be worked out.  It is 100% clear to me that the management of this restaurant cares what the customer thinks, and in the end, will be better for it.  Well done, Vintana!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,10/22/2012,181,102,,6,6>My first tattoo in California! I actually found this place on Yelp and was pleasantly surprised. It's usually hit or miss with tattoo shops because a lot of artists can be really cocky and I've also seen shops with terrible artists (no bueno). Frontline was very clean and the artists were really helpful. I met the owner, Jason, and he was super nice and took time from his appt to talk to me. Jason and my artist, Mark, both gave me really great advice about color and even though I came in wanting an all brown tattoo they convinced me to go with black because it won't fuzz out and will stay cleaner longer. It was a welcoming atmosphere and I will definitely go back for my next tattoo!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/21/2012,35,85,6,3,3>Carlsbad Beach is always clean and is never too crowded.I have been going to the Oceanside beach/pier area since I was a kid, so the transition south to the Carlsbad beaches was hard for me at first..... you are used to what you are used to!!However, now that I've seen the difference- in crowds and in water/beach cleanliness... I think that I've said "good-bye" to Oside and "heyyyy how you doinn???" to Carlsbad. Ocean+Sun+Sand+IncognitoDrink+Boo+Me = Fun :)
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/20/2012,48,321,2,2,2>Came in for round 5 today and ordered 3 regular-sized subwiches:1.) Italian burger sub on white roll with mushrooms, olives, bell peppers and grilled onions added2.) Kickin' buffalo chicken on white roll with ranch dressing, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and grilled onions3.) Steak and provolone on white roll with the works (minus mustard; o & v on the side)- Italian burger was orgasmic as usual.  - Buddy of mine at work said the kickin' buffalo chicken sandwich was pretty much on point but would personally prefer the omission of one of his veggie options the next time he ordered a kickin' chicken sub.  - The steak and provolone sandwich was deliciously on point in terms of flavor, but the meat was honestly on the dry side.  *As a suggestion, I would place the meat on the bottom of the roll where the dressing(s) is/are, and pile the veggies on top.  That way, moisture from the veggies trickle down onto the meat and keeps it from drying out too much (to be inedible).  Either that, or maybe use a steak with more fat content, something...  5 stars for the establishment nonetheless.  HB is the only sub shop in the area that piles high quality ingredients in between their bread halves to satisfy their customers.  Take that commercial sandwich chains!!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,10/19/2012,171,108,3,4,5>This may just be my new regular...Staff was friendlyplace was moderately cleanplus star- for the free pool, board games and TVsFood was SSOOOO goood!!we had the peanut butter burger- so A-mazing!fries are excellent with the PCH house sauceHighway to hell- chicken sandwich was Mehbut oh... the onion rings were the BEST and I mean the BESTeSSTT onion rings I ever had!!Can't wait to come back for taco tues & wine+wings Weds :)
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,10/18/2012,179,454,3,5,2>This is at a business park not too far from Iron fist and it's pretty cool. We walked in and they had  the music blaring which was good for the night. It is a bit smaller, but they make up for that with snacks and plenty of places to drink. The staff was friendly and we decided to try the four, 4 oz tasters for $5. Pretty good deal.  They do serve those in plastic, but I was there to drink beer, not test out the quality of the container.  Beer one was the Agave Wheat. Since it was hot, we couldn't get enough of this beer. Light, good flavor and a great starter beer for anyone (especially newbies).  Beer two was the Aztec Amber.  Very nice amber beer. Malty and smooth with a great mouth feel. Not hoppy at all, and balanced. I could drink this all the time and I see why they got a medal. Up next was the Noche de los Muerto stout. Amazing roasted flavor, almost like an espresso. A very nice Imperial Stout. I was so happy to see a stout as I drink those all year long. I will definitely be drinking one of these again sooner than later. Round 4 was the Chocolate Porter. It took a few sips to get used to it after the wonderful stout. It was good, but probably not our favorite of the night. All in all, if you want a nice beer, at a good price with friendly service, give this place a try.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,10/17/2012,142,75,5,3,3>Going to the dentist isn't usually something people look forward to. Fortunately I've never had a cavity before and so other than the teeth cleaning/whitening - I'm always in and out. Until today - found out that I have 3 cavities! BUT I have to say that - for hearing this unpleasant news, it was the best office to hear the news in.Upon arrival I was greeted by Susan, who I had exchanged polite email correspondence with to set up my appointment. She was even more friendly than her emails. I filled out my new patient forms and didn't wait more than a couple of minutes.Next I sat in the chair for x-rays - I cannot remember the girl's name for the life of me - but she has a cute short brunette hair cut and was so nice. She took her time and made sure I was comfortable.Then I got to meet the infamous Dr. Mac. I'm not sure why there are bad reviews on here - he is great! Not only is he a warm, funny person, but he also is very knowledgeable and through. I sometimes feel that at the dentist the actual exam done by the dentist is quick and speedy. But Dr. Mac took time to examine me and then reviewed my xrays and photos in front of me, explaining things as he went along. For me that was important. Upon hearing the bad news that my 29 year old no cavity streak has been broken, he explained how he would fill them and why I need to fill them.  I did not feel scammed or that he was upselling me at all!Next I got to meet Carrie who performed the teeth cleaning. I have never met a more friendly, warm Dental assistant (I could be wrong on the title!). She took her time and explained everything she was doing. By the end of the cleaning I had felt like I made a new friend!Overall I highly recommend Dr.Mac. Once I drop the "un" in front of my employment status then I will be back to get my cavities filled. They have great payment plans and discount options available if you don't have insurance as well.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,10/16/2012,119,85,4,5,4>This place is off the hook. Yeah, I said it. It's true. I'm not going to lie to you. You should know this by now. Thankfully I don't have Celiac disease. However, sometimes my tummy just needs a break from the gluten. So, when I'm craving a panini or muffin or pizza.... I go to 2Good2B. Every single item is beyond delicious. I didn't believe it myself until my friend insisted I go here. And I did. And it's true. Ahhh-mazing! Also, if you're a fan of coffee, you definitely will not be let down. The only thing I'm slightly bummed about is that they no longer have their big comfy chairs since they remodeled. What's up with that??? If this was you're average coffee/bistro hotspot, I'd rate 'em 4 stars because of that alone... but because everything here is gluten-free and they are the ONLY restaurant who caters their menu to the sensitive belly folk, they're hands down a winner in my book. THANK YOU!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,7/25/2013,154,194,3,2,2>Being that this place is a few blocks from my house its a easy choice when craving sushi. Tonight was awesome and our waitress did amazing since sometimes it can be hit or miss with the girls that work there.Sushi took no time at all to come out and everything was perfect.Tried the muscle dish tonight with bread and let me tell u its a must if u enjoy this shell fish. I will b going here for lunch just for this next weekend. I cant really say its the best in North County cause im not that experienced with area but it is def the best in the Oceanside area.The atmoshpere is awesome and it plays more up to date club style music, which can get a lil loud and make talking to a date hard.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,7/24/2013,66,335,2,2,2>A great place in the community.A few grills, with ample seating around, well kept grounds, open fields, an indoor rec center, and also (my personal favorite) lighted outdoor basketball courts.Great place for an after-work BBQ. And also a great place to meet up friends and play a pickup game.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,7/23/2013,44,49,2,5,3>Lots of seating room which is different than some of the other local breweries.And a lots more beer choices here. And I have to say all of them are really good.One of my favorites is the red raspberry wheat, which they actually crush up raspberries and put in your beer.. YUM!Ambiance is really cool and I love that they stick with their roots and have different types of Native American activites going on.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,7/22/2013,101,397,4,5,3>friday night and dad was beat up after a tough week at work.  everybody was hungry and i just wasn't ambitious enough to make something so packed up the wife and kids and headed to TERI CAFE.  i was a bit grumpy 'cause i wanted to go somewhere else but in the democratic process our family occasionally runs on i got "out voted" ...TERI was really busy but the line to order was short and we found an empty booth right away -- both good signs.my SPICY MISO RAMEN (i just can't get enough pork belly) was hot enough to get my attention. for me this warms my soul like a great big, steaming bowl of hugs.JODI (the wife-unit) had the CHICKEN CURRY RAMEN -- love that curry flavor. both the udon noodles (good) and the chicken (not so much) were chewy.most of the CHICKEN RAMEN that JULIANA (the almost nine-year old) ordered got left for me to reheat for breakfast (she filled up on snacks with a girlfriend that was over for a play date) and i am okay with that.WYATT (the seven-year old) had MISO and a TERIYAKI BEEF BOWL (thin-sliced rib eye, stir fried veggies and steamed rice). both were excellent.i grew up in HAWAII and for me this is comfort food.  particularly good ramen ?? not really but sometimes, even though i might not get what i want, i get what i need.for me, some days, that's TERI CAFE.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/21/2013,489,211,6,8,5>Love wine tasting in Temecula but hate the drive home? Well you don't have to go all that way. There's actually lots of local wine tasting from Solana Beach on into Carlsbad and probably then some. I think there's even one or more in the Olivenhein, (backside of Encinitas) area. California Fruit Wine Company has a unique approach to wine tasting that I hadn't considered until confronted with the option. Fruits, chocolates and ... vegetable? Is a pumpkin a vegetable? I never had to wonder what a pumpkin is. I do however, know it makes a good pie and apparently also makes a good tasting wine.The space is cavernous in a barn like way.  In a business park so if you are there at night you would be sure not to disturb the neighbors as there wouldn't be any.This place is stil a little far for me but it sure beats making the trek to Temecula.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,7/20/2013,219,287,2,5,4>While it does not serve any alcohol, Havana Kitchen in all it's simplicity is simply fantastic.  From the simplistic ambiance of decor of light vanilla walls and dark  stained cherrywood furniture,  to it's food being on paper plates, Havana is heavenly Caribbean and a much needed addition to Temecula tourism of Old Temecula. The concentrated effort at Havana Kitchen is the food, and anyone novice to Cuban food can even identify that.   In an effort to get a hearty yet inexpensive meal before wine tasting, we were encouraged by our Cubana friend to check out Havana Kitchen.  We are really happy we took her up on the suggestion because the Ropa Vieja and Pollo y Saffron plates we had were superb, extremely savory and plentiful for under $10.  As expected, the Cuban coffee is intense and the yucca fries with mojo sauce were great as a starter. Flan and other indigenous desserts to Cuba are offered with a quaint reading room to enjoy.   While there are many offerings in Old Temecula, consider something new and vibrant like Havana Kitchen.  You simply will not regret it.*What I would love to see is live music, a cigar roller, and festivities that entice ALL Caribbean cultures to enjoy and celebrate,  as well as expose the greatness of the Cuban culture to Temecula.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,7/19/2013,59,90,2,5,5>This Donut Touch makes the specialty donuts you can't find at their Mira Mesa location and they also have a variety of Mexican pastries, which I have yet to try.  The glazed twist and glazed red velvet are my favorites.  The Gavina Gourmet coffee is always hot and fresh.It's unfortunate that they aren't open later because they make DELICIOUS Italian sandwiches too!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,7/18/2013,133,389,1,1,1>We came in with a party of 8 on Easter for dinner, and I haven't had a server as polite and friendly as the one we had here in a long, long time. Nothing fancy, nothing formal, nothing fake.. just refreshing, and truly appreciated.Belgian's aren't really my forte, but I was happy to see Maharaja and Pliny on tap, which was more than enough to appease my dry mouth. The only downside was the price.. $7 for Maharaja seemed a bit steep, which would be my only complaint.The kobe wagyu sliders were very tasty, and perfectly cooked.. with the exception of my third slider, which was wayyyy overdone. I was already full by then, so I left that one for the boyfriend to devour. I'd definitely order them again though, since they were simple, easy to eat, and yummy. Per the boyfriend, the patty melt was also delicious. The fries with the "cajun" seasoning were also nice to munch on, even though I suspected no hint of cajun whatsoever. They were just good simple fries. Sweet potato fries were also good, but lacked a bit of flavor so I'm not sure if the upcharge is worth it.Overall, a solid spot for food and drinks if you're in the area.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,7/17/2013,82,283,3,3,3>Came here with the old crew. It's a great central location in the Del Mar Highlands right next to the less tasty Mia Francesca. We had a fun time even though we had to wait an hour past our reservation time (deduct one star). The aperol spritz's and mint mojitos at the bar helped ease into our much anticipated conversations, we almost forgot about the wait.Once seated, were were squeezed into a four top inches away from a two top table. It was a bit awkward even though we are all small girls, so we were graciously moved to a more spacious table upon request.The food was all quality, delicious and very authentic. It reminded me much of the food I ate in Italy just last month. Since it's "my thing", I had to get the pizza con prosciutto and arugula-wonderful. I also tried a bite of a friend's ahi and our cheese and salumi plate was equally delicious. Even our picky eater of the group liked her steak without changing a thing. We were so proud of her ;)Overall, excellent food, nice atmosphere, and even better laughs. And because I believe in enjoying great food, good wine, and good health: everything tasted better than being skinny feels; you can have both!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,7/16/2013,68,61,3,5,3>My friend came here in the middle of winter, which I am assuming is the off-season. Although living in SD, is there ever an off season for water sports?? Hashtag SDpride :-P The guy working was super helpful and very reassuring, despite my obvious apprehension at going in a small kayak I was sure I was going to tip over. (Just for the record-I didn't tip. Not even once :-P) Our Group-On deal was only for 2 hours, but he told us we could take as long as we wanted. (Very cool of you, Mr. Lagoon-Worker, very cool.)Once we were in the water, we made a lil loop around a few times and enjoyed the scenery, we even pulled the kayak out and stopped on one of the shores and took goofy pix of ourselves holding the paddles and sitting in the kayak. There was almost no one else in the entire lagoon except for us! LOVED IT! Afterward, the staff was totally cool with us just chillin, and eating our sack lunches on a picnic table over-looking the water. (Even just watching others have fun was quite relaxing-I may have just found a new secret get-away spot. Shhhh....don't give away my secret.) Note: There is a huge driveway/hill to drive down. Make sure you check dem brakes before you coast down this sucker, or you may just end up in the H20!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,6/15/2012,139,190,3,9,6>There are many sushi places in the greater Carlsbad area.  This one, well hidden behind a gym and childcare center, is the best of the bunch.I usually judge a sushi joint through a simple order of tuna, salmon, and yellowtail sashimi.  Anything wrong with these naked foundations of the sushi bar food pyramid, and there's likely to be trouble (like I'll describe in an upcoming review of Catch).   On my first and all subsequent visits, Hooked on Sushi has always consistently done well with the sashimi.Rolls are damn tasty too. On my first visit to Hooked on Sushi, the roll menu looked eerily familiar.  And on closer inspection, so did some of the staff.  As it turns out, the owner used to be the chef at Taisho, and pilfered not only some staff from there but also the sushi roll menu. Then it all made sense.  We used to regularly go to Taisho until the quality started to go downhill, the timing of which I've deduced coincided with the opening of Hooked on Sushi.  Anyway, here are my recommendations:* The aforementioned tuna (maguro), salmon, and yellowtail sashimi,* The Homeless Roll, which almost qualifies as a roll atop a roll,* The unagi sushi, which is singed perfectly with the right amount of sweetness and saltiness.As an honor or backhand slap toward their former employer, you'll also find a Taisho Roll on the menu.  I haven't tried that one.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,6/14/2012,175,126,4,9,6>I just happened to stumble upon Wayne and his operation when I did a Google search on knife sharpening services in Oceanside.  I just moved to San Diego County and left my sharpening stones up in Orange County and didn't have the time or desire to drive up there for them.  So I Googled what's near and San Diego Cutlery came up.  He is a bit pricier than some, but still within a reasonable range.  He charged me $6 per blade.  I've paid as little as $3 and as high as $1 per inch.  Seeing as I have a number of 10"+ chef's knives, anything that isn't $1 per inch is fine by me.  I was able to stand and watch as he worked my blades on his fine grit Japanese stones.  Pretty interesting to watch it being done on a revolving sander.  He then finished it on some leather to get a fine bright hone.  All in all a good experience.  The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating, is because I usually get my edges reset at Chef's Toys in Orange County and it's $3 per blade and my knives come back looking literally brand new..  But for what's close by and for my knives to be sharpened within a matter of minutes, I'm VERY happy with the service.  He also sells some imported Japanese knives that I might go back and purchase soon.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,6/13/2012,307,470,2,1,1>Had the pastrami reuben sandwich from the deli. In between two yummy slices of bread, the meat was stacked high and covered in sauerkraut, deli mustard and thousand island dressing. It is not a sandwich for the faint of heart or people who prefer plain food and flavors.It will punch your taste buds with goodness. But remember: this is a sandwich for people who like sauerkraut. Be prepared for the sourness of these pickled shredded cabbages.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,6/12/2012,216,159,1,3,1>Once upon a late night.....my girlfriends and I were starving! Didn't want albertacos, or fast food, so someone told us about this place - we went immediately! Sure enough, it was open late night....we ordered fish, hamburgers, french fries, salad, and water! And you know what.....it was all great!!!! I am amazed! Can't judge this one by it's cover.....looks like a little rinky dink place off Coast Hwy, but it's actually alright inside..our waitress; eh - she was a little cranky, but we were hungry so if she brought food, she was my best friend! I loved the parmesan fries.....I think I ate the whole basket!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,6/11/2012,1307,1136,6,10,6>Wow, I'm surprised to see that the average of this restaurant is 3 stars, granted, the location isn't exactly fancy or anything, I think the food is what makes up for it. We were here in September and the service is top notch, our server was very knowledgeable and was able to suggest a few wines to go with our meals. He was quick with our plates, helped us with our napkins, our water glasses were always full, and came by to check up on us, and cleaned our table thoroughly before putting out our desserts. I had the lobster bisque with rock shrimp and vanilla bean oil to start and it was to die for. Delicious from start to finish! My husband had the roucoulon cheese in phyllo dough with fig compote. He said it was the best appetizer he's ever eaten at a restaurant and begged for me to make this for him. I took a bite, and it was truly magnificent! My husband ordered the braised lamb shank and I had a sirloin steak, both were phenomenal. I wasn't sure which dish was better, but we just kept feeding each other. To end our fantastic meal, my husband had to get his creme brulee, because that's how he determines whether or not he wants to come back. He judges a restaurant based on their creme brulee, sad, but true lol. He got the peanut butter creme brulee with raspberry coulis and I had almond and cranberry tart with apple mousseline and vanilla ice cream. I will say that my dessert was better than my husband's. It paired perfectly with the cappucinos we ordered. The place lost a star due to it getting rather crowded towards the end of our meal and not having much room to move. The location was also in a plaza off the road with tight parking spots, but aside from those technicalities, this place is a great date night place to enjoy with your special someone.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,6/10/2012,49,133,3,4,2>Been wanting to try to this place for some time. Looked on Yelp noticed all the positive reviews so gave it a shot. I called on Friday afternoon for a reservation for 6pm. The guy who answered told me they did not have any tables for that time. He sounded like he was confused when I called. So we decided to just drive over and see if any tables opened up. Sure enough we got a table for two at 6pm. The guy who answered the phone was still working when we arrived, and looked kind of lost. Our waiter erased any negative first impressions with her great service. My wife was also extremely impressed with her. The food was awesome! I got the Tommy V burger, and fell off my seat after the first bite! I still cant stop thinking about that burger! During the meal the owner made her rounds asking people how the meal was. I always enjoy when a owner of a restaurant comes out and greets people. Super classy move, and it shows they care. Enjoyed our recent visit, and cant wait to come back to this place. Tommy V's is surrounded by a nice, cute, and quiet community. They have a nice outdoor seating area. If you are looking for a spot to eat outside on a summer San Diego day, give this place a try. The bar looked pretty nice. PSI love the owners response to the guy who complains about this place not allowing dogs here. People its a restaurant!!! Don't get me wrong, dogs are cool, but they should not be near a public restaurant. When I enter a place and see a dog, I walk out. Every owner thinks his/her dog is special, but its still eats its own poo, and is a walking germ pool. OK done with that rant.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,6/9/2012,159,438,2,3,3>Came here last weekend with my spunky yorkie and he had so much fun! The people were very kind and it is a great place for pups to socialize some! The beach is clean and spreads about a mile and half so plenty of walking for your loved pet.  There isn't a place to eat but there is a lot of beach to pull out a towel or beach chairs and enjoy the scenery! I plan on bringing my pup back for sure! Parking is $6.00 for 1 hr or $8.00 for 2.  $10.00 for all day :) and you can also get a year pass and a few other options.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,6/8/2012,107,177,4,8,4>Did this hike on Memorial Day.  Parking lot was full of cars but I didnt feel like the trail was overly crowded.  Everyone was very friendly on the trail, and for as many dogs as I saw, I was surprised to find the trail was almost completely free of dog crap.  Good job dog owners.The trail is well maintained and its a good workout.  I am a big fan of hard climbs up and easy walks down, and this is what you get.Cons:  I wish there was a trail that followed the gorgeous shady creek next to the parking lot.  Also, the flies were really bothering me...I ended up having to tie my light sweater around my head to keep them away from my ears.San Diego has so many trails I rarely do the same hike twice, and I dont think this wowed me enough to entice me back, but I definitely enjoyed the time I spent there.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,6/7/2012,894,543,7,8,7>I have been to both Felix and both of them are just as good in my opinion.Let's start with the cornbread. When you eat here they give you warm complimentary cornbread. I could probably eat more than 5 of these moist muffins. We decided to split half bbq chicken and half St. Louis bbq ribs. For $21.50 its not a bad deal. You get 6 ribs with decent amount of meat. Smoked well and a tad dry but its still good.  Its got a sweet bbq sauce. Half chicken: we both got a thigh with a wing. Chicken has a smoked flavor and has a little kick to it. Similar bbq to the ribs.I love their candied yams. Taste like they have been cooking for hours and love the holiday spice flavor. We also tried the braised cabbage. Cabbage isn't too soggy and still has some crunch. Since we split the meal our waiter even divided the plate for us already. Great touch and signs of a good waiter.Great service great food and out of this world corn bread.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,6/6/2012,427,552,3,5,5>Well first off, I am glad I don't have a septic tank at my house.  Since i've decided to follow in my mom's footsteps, I need to search for these services in Real Estate.  I called around to a few places, trying to find the best quotes out there.  I spoke to Karen and have been communicating with her on the phone and email.  She was great answering all my questions and working with me to get it certified for sale.  They had the best price of the 4 places I spoke to.  It was a total of $615.  They also told me a number to call to see if the city has a map of the location of the septic tank.  Some places will charge 200-300 just to find the septic tank!!! Honey Bee was the only place that offered the phone number to me.  I thought that was so nice of them.  They scheduled the dig and clean up.  It was very simple and an easy transaction.  They also found some damages to the septic tank which was understandable because it gets worn down over time and the seller had no knowledge of the condition of the tank since they acquired the property as a foreclosed home.  Honey bee was able to fix it and then get us septic certified for the sale.  I would definitely choose Honey Bee again in any future sales when we need service to septic tanks.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,7/5/2013,392,263,7,8,8>Going to the Kraken is a right of passage in San Diego. You simply must go there. If you do not expect anything fancy then you will not be disappointed. People have asked why they do not have good wine, a kitchen or have clean bathrooms. The answer is that they just don't. Do they accept credit cards? No.  The beautiful location, live music and the patrons somehow create a magical ambiance that is beyond description.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,7/4/2013,124,605,2,3,2>I've now been to brunch twice at Craftsman, and found it to be a great experience both times.  To start, they have the best burger in Encinitas - hands down.  Their hangover burger has tomato jam that puts Union Kitchen's to shame, a fried egg, and delicious bacon, along with a perfect brioche bun.  Paired with duck fat fries, it is the best burger you can get around here.  I tried the Encinitas Cheesesteak as well, and found the steak to be delightfully tender, although the verde sauce on it was a little too grassy for my taste.  I was very jealous of my wife's choice of the burger.  Luckily, I was enjoying the unlimited bloody mary/mimosa for $9 deal, so I was able to drown my jealousy in booze.  The bloody mary mix was surprisingly tasty with the right amount of horseradish, although the amount of vodka seemed a bit light.  The atmosphere of Craftsman at brunch is wonderful with some extremely talented guitarists.  The bartender is incredibly friendly, and has in the past made some great beer recommendations for us.  They do offer quite a few local brews on tap, including my new favorite, Stumblefoot.  I am excited to come back soon and try their dinner.  For now, I will keep coming back for the cheap booze and the top notch Hangover Burger.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/3/2013,156,135,5,7,7>Yelpers were right...this place checks all my boxes in terms of food, service, price, and ambiance!  It's a cute cafe a little off the beaten path of Cedros, at the back corner of a small shopping complex, but has a quaint patio with reclaimed wood tables, surrounded by plants.  It's a bit small, but we went for lunch during off-hours and were able to snag a table outside on the patio.  Inside looked a little cramped.  Had sandwiches which were large, delicious, fresh, and came with some sort of bean salad as a side.  For dessert, had an acai bar that I want the recipe for and was FREE if you check in on yelp.  I can't wait to come back and try breakfast here since it's within walking distance of my new place :) +1 Great food with fresh ingredients+1 Reasonable price considering its location in Cedros Design Destrict+1 Yummy acai bar (free with check-in on yelp)+1 Friendly, attentive service+1 Small, quaint ambiance inside and outside
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,7/2/2013,253,69,2,6,3>Hands down the best sushi that I have ever had in the San Diego area!!After going to places like Sushi Ota, I thought I had seen it all for true Japanese style sushi.... I was very wrong.  (BTW.. don't get me wrong-- Sushi Ota is also very good sushi)  In this place, it is more similar to genuine Japanese sushi dining (such as in the documentary, "Jiro dreams of sushi".)  "Fancy" Sushi rolls are typically not how sushi grade fish is served in Japan, it is more of an Americanized thing. In Kaito Sushi, the fish is typically served as a sashimi without rice, or as Nigiri- over a bit of rice.  This place had many types of fish that are not normally available at other sushi restaurants such as Amberjack from Spain, Tuna from Hawaii and Halibut from Agosta. The taste of the different fishes was pure bliss!  They were definitely prepared perfectly and you can taste all of the big and small differences in each type of fish- and the nice differences in texture.   I had ordered the Omakase with the chef and he had prepped and planned every round amazingly well.  I remember the Uni-- sweetest and freshest Uni I have ever had in my life!   Writing this review is making me hungry for some true pure japanese sushi....*drool*.......  Can't wait to go back again.  :D
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,7/1/2013,100,162,3,8,4>Dear sweet baby JEEEEBUS! These lash extensions had to of comes from god! I think Moses brought them down from the mountain! All joking aside...So, I've got pretty long lashes on my own but at my last nail appointment, have I mentioned I'm slightly OCD about my hands and feet, I was talking to Hannah about her technique for lash extensions and possibly adding a half set for a little fullness.Now, I work as a make up artist and when lash extensions came out a few years ago I treated myself for my birthday and paid nearly $300 for a set. The glue seeped into my eyes, my eyes watered uncontrollably, half of the lashes fell out within a week, it was all bad. The woman who preformed the service kept poking me, it took forever, and the lashes were horribly uncomfortable. Also, she only used one length of, so the lashes towards the inner corners of my eyes looked freakishly long. I looked like a strange modern day version of Tammy Faye.Fast forward to my new wonderful amazing super lovely eyelash extensions by Hannah. At first I was thinking they were just thinking I was going to take these guys for a test drive but after Hannah talked me into a full set and after I've lived in them for a full week and had minimal fall out, I'm keeping them! Hannah has a very delicate touch, she's very quick, a full set was just shy of 50 minutes. I also liked how she layered the lashes at the lash line, this made them look very natural and they blend nicely with my own lashes. She prepped both eyes to ensure that glue didn't get into my eyes, and was super thorough, no seepage etc. lashesThe lashes are great for everyday wear, I like that I can now skip wearing mascara if I want to, at first its kind of strange, especially as a makeup artist, my first inclination after finishing my make up is to top off my lashes with at least three coats of glossy mascara, but skip it if you want to keep the life of your new lashes longer! Hannah will also teach you lash after care. I can go to the gym, I can shower, I can be Super Woman and I don't have to worry about looking fabulous because I have lashes! And remember if you visit M-F you get a great discount! The lashes are already very reasonably priced but who doesn't love a little discount? Be sure to tell them Bianca and Tab sent you for a little extra LOVE(we're like regulars that have become the weird family you don't tell people about lol and we just want to see Hannah and Tom with lots of business!)!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,6/30/2013,140,101,4,5,6>I'm a big fan of Savoy Donuts in Esco, but this place does donuts right as well.  I needed to get a half dozen donuts for guests at home on a Sunday and my regular spot is closed on Sundays, so I was in search of another place that wasn't terrible.  This place can be my new Sunday donut shop!The raised donuts were delicious, and they've got a good variety of selections available.  I went during/after the church rush hour, and they still had every donut I could want!  Chocolate raised?  They've got it.  Old Fashioned with maple?  Yup.  Donut herpes your thing?  They've got them in every color and flavor I've seen.  This is definitely a place worth a shot.PS - Bring cash-money, homie.  They don't take cards and don't take kindly to being asked about it.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,6/29/2013,72,145,3,4,2>Here's the part where I kick myself for not coming here sooner. I lived (past tense) 2 blocks away and never came in. STOOPID!  I park across the street and jaywalk my way to the entrance and notice a couple really small bistro sized table outside. I like to spread out so this option wasn't for me. I enter and I'm transported back in time to about 1940. Old pictures, mason jars and retro decor inhabit the the shelves and walls. Homey, warm and nice.. The place is small and they've done a great job of making the most of the space.  I take a seat at the counter and the waiter quickly greets me to see what I'd like to drink and I find the ONE flaw.. Pepsi not coke (yucky) so Iced Tea it is! I decide there are too many good looking choices on the menu but manage to settle on  the 1926 Omelet. Sausage, ham, bacon, 2 or 3 cheeses, peppers, onion and tomato. (ordered sans tomato) Cottage fries come with peppers and onions. Sourdough toast.  As I wait for my food I peruse Yelp reviews and this place is like 4.5 out of 5 with about 60 reviews. Not too shabby and expectations increase. Meanwhile the place remains packed as the tables turn over but the counter always seems to maintain room for a single diner or maybe even a pair.  The food arrives and stoopid me forgets to snap a picture... DAMMIT! Most likely this is due to my starvation from doing large amounts of laundry and even my brain is hungry.  Anyhoo.... the food is FANTASTIC!!  The fries are cooked to perfection, crispy outside soft inside with red and green pepper slices and some onions.. SO good!  The omelet is huge!!! These people are NOT afraid to stuff an omelet!!!! The bacon is just bacon but the ham is really good.. smokey and flavorful. The sausage i think has crack in it, it's THAT good!  All the veggies were crisp and fresh and the whole thing is truly "Fat Guy Approved"! The toast is just simple sourdough toast but the jam....... The jam is homemade and is Gooseberry!! So good I bought a jar and that's a pretty ringing endorsement.  Huge Omelet and an iced tea for about ten bucks! WINNER! Bessie you've won my stomach! I'll be back and frequently! Watch out Brian A. I may take your Dukedom!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,6/28/2013,72,256,3,4,3>Love this place! It's a hidden gem that I knew nothing about until some friends invited me for happy hour. I think one of my favorite parts of this place is the atmosphere. Outdoor seating, very family friendly, decorated in a cool eclectic way. I had a BLT and absolutely loved it. My lactose intolerant tummy watched my friends eat an amazing pizza with lots of envy! It looked delicious. Service was fast, friendly. I will totally be hitting up Bestawan this summer for some beverages and yummy food.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,6/27/2013,73,140,2,4,2>Love their happy hour special, love the fresh fish. Not a bad thing I've had here. So far I've had their mussels, clams, oysters, creme brulee, salads, clam chowder, and fish tacos. I've never been disappointed. Whenever I can convince people to come to north county to hang out out with me, I always recommend this place. Lots of good beer. Love the outdoor covered seating, great seafood. Not a single bad thing I can think of.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,6/26/2013,327,309,3,10,5>ONE OF THE BEST VALUES IN CARLSBAD!The food here isn't anything muy especial, but it's tasty, filling and the price is right (AKA it's CHEAP)! Good Mexican food is always cheap :) Pollas Maria is a Carlsbad Village gem and feels like it has been there for eternity. The outdoor patio is comfortable and everyone always loves the fire pits. Another thing that everyone always loves, is the value you get when you eat here! *Chicken Tostada - Get the small one...unless you are splitting it, or you're super hungry that day. *Chicken Soup - Really tasty, but they don't make it like Grandma (bones and all to help you with cold/flu season) so don't expect any miracle healing from it. *Breakfast Burritos - Not a huge section of the menu, but if you have half a brain, you know that adding eggs to just about anything transforms it into a breakfast item.Be sure to visit the salsa bar too, and grab a beer and join the locals!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/12/2013,307,470,1,6,2>Yes. Surf Brothers Teriyaki has a small menu that they execute well - you get your choice of meat (chicken, steak or half and half) along with white rice and a salad. And, of course, the famous Surf Brothers teriyaki sauce!Because they've mastered what they do and serve pretty much the same thing to everyone, your food will be ready pretty quickly. Even during the lunch rush hour, which is nice! There are plenty of small tables inside, most of them perfect for one or two people to dine together since it's usually just solo peeps or coworkers grabbing lunch in the middle of their workday.The food is simple yet saucy and satisfying!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/11/2013,127,103,8,8,7>Heard about East 2 West from a friend who had the most insanely, precisioned line-up I have ever seen. His line-up practically was instigating my curiosity to ask where he got it and I was determined to find out. So being the kind friend that he is, he told me East 2 West, so I had to check it out.Now with me, I'm not really a haircut fanatic type of person. I'll just get a fade, BUT DON'T. TOUCH. THE. TOP! The women at Supercuts usually ask about cutting the top, I say no, then they say "How bout a 'Health Trim'". I say sure and *SWISPOOF* back to short hair..That's probably the main issue with haircuts and the rest is history.So I step in East 2 West and was sat down by Danny. I asked for a Zero-Medium and he asks, "Anything on the top?" I say nope, and he goes to town. After everything is nicely faded, he asks about the top."Are you sure?"I tell him my Supercuts story and he gets hyped up cuz he feels that he's a Mothaf***kn Professional and I let him do it. I sh*t you not, he's a Mothaf***kn Professional.My overall experience at East 2 West was great and Danny is the man!I will be a returning customer!d:)
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,12/10/2013,82,128,6,6,4>MMMM mmm. Satisfying for carnivores and vegetarians alike! Pretty much everyone I've ever talked to about this (after the initial "hey have you ever been to Board and Brew? cause I love that place!") is in love with the Turkado. I wouldn't know how good it is, as I am currently a vegetarian, but I have never heard an ill word said about this sandwich. I have actually never heard anything but a rave review about this sandwich, and 9 times out of 10, the person I'm with (whoever that may be at the time) orders this sandwich. So I'm gonna go ahead and assume it's awesome. As for the veggie delight, hooray, I'm satisfied. I get it with no mayo, cause mayo's gross, and it's still slimy enough to go down just fine. I think because of the avo. No mayo necessary. And the last time I was at B&B, they only had the french baguette style bread, and I thought it was even better! So I'm gonna see if I can do that substitution from now on b/c it was soo good. The only complaint I have about this place is how humungous their sandwiches are. There's no way on earth that I can finish a whole sandwich of theirs, and with the avo on it, it pretty much means the other half is either being eaten by someone else or going directly into the trash. Which is sortof a bummer. But yeah, this place rocks. Just avoid it during the days students get off school early, as it's a favorite of high school students.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,12/9/2013,132,184,3,7,3>My lady and I are going around Temecula trying to hit all the breweries and this was the first one we decided to visit. It's going to be tough for the remainder of them because this set the bar pretty high.The tasting room is a bit tough to find, because it faces the freeway, so you have to drive around back to front door. After you find it, you'll walk into a small tasting room with beer "stuffs" all over the wall. Pictures, bottles, coasters, tshirts and the sort. Pretty good vibe going on. I don't remember the exact number of beers, but I'd say they had 10 the day we went to visit. We started with California Oktoberfest beer. Great stuff. Other standouts were the Stout, and Dubbel Vision. The Pinacate was a spicy light beer that is definitely worth checking out. Spice with no burn. Good stuff.The lady/woman/girl/chick (what do you call a female in her late 20's?) was really friendly, knowledgeable and good at talking to all the different customers while keeping them filled with the tastings.I can't wait to check this place out again!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,12/8/2013,101,659,1,6,6>I have visited several botanic gardens over my years...some pretend to be a zoo, some pretend to be a garden...and some don't pretend enough. The San Diego Botanic Garden struck a great balance of nature, education, wildlife and fun...yes even fun an be had at a botanic garden.They have a great mix of walkable trails, educational signs and activities as well as even somethings the kids, or the kid in you, will appreciate...such as the Tree House and the creek complete with boats!My first visit here was for the Yelp Event and I can say that this will be a frequent stop this summer of course!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,12/7/2013,17,70,3,8,4>Finding a good dentist is hard to do, luckily, my husband and in-laws already go to Dr. J. I'm a little skeptical and biased since my brother is a dentist and he has said that there were certain things that didn't need to be done that other dentists recommended. Thank goodness I now have better insurance so I can come here. They didn't skimp on my cleaning or exam. Dr. J showed me videos on onlays and crowns. Plus, the food network was on tv during my cleaning. I couldn't watch it, but at least I could hear it.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,12/6/2013,95,273,4,3,3>Great date night spot before catching a movie at Cinepolis!  Loved the vibe and food.You have to try the focaccia di reccio, or baked focaccia with soft cow cheese and honeycomb.  Honey comb is extra but it is a MUST.  This place would be great for a group of people as well, so you could try multiple plates as i am sure they are all delicious.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,12/5/2013,169,102,4,5,5>We asked and they listened!!! They added a designated ordering area at the bar so the customers at the tables can order their beer/foods without hovering over guests at the bar! Bravo! (Now if only the guests would actually use it!;) )
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,12/4/2013,153,253,2,7,4>I was pleasantly surprised this morning when I ate breakfast here.I always trust my fellow Yelpers to lead me to good food and plentiful portions.  I don't need a chain restaurant to tell me what's good, just some people with really good taste!Okay, to start off, it's just in a strip mall.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, and when you walk in the door, it still doesn't look like much.  The place is small and has that 1980's country kitchen kind of feel to it, straight on down to the fake ivy.  The tables and chairs are the same that I grew up on in my friends' kitchens, so you know the place is going to be legit.I ordered the farmer omlette.   It was huge, and filled with delicious bacon, tomatoes, avocado, and cheese.  It also came with a generous portion of hash browns, and a biscuit that looked like a huge slice of sheet cake.  Everything tasted so great.  I actually have enough leftovers for at least one more breakfast, if not two, so if you divide that almost $9 up, it's practically a steal!The service was great, although when there are only three tables taken on a Monday morning, you don't expect too much of a wait, but it's still important to say that the server was great!  I don't find myself in Poway very often, let alone ever for breakfast, but if you're in the area, I'd definitely recommend trying this place out.  It's some great down home food.  PS: They also have burgers and sandwiches, but I didn't really check them out; I only wanted breakfast.  If my food was any indicator, I'm sure that would be tasty, plentiful, and filling as well!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/3/2013,22,47,3,10,4>This brewery just opened and is a sparkling new gem in vista!! Their IPA is out of this world and even beats Stone...I came for the soft grand opening and sampled a few sips of various beers and can't wait to get back for more! A must-do!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,6/5/2012,529,620,3,7,4>I stumbled upon Big Bob's for lunch while running around doing errands this week. Wanted something quick and easy to eat so that I could keep it moving. Walking in the place, I wasn't sure what to expect. All I can say is that pizza was SO good that I returned that same night for dinner. Ask Bob the man himself. He immediately recognized me from earlier that day. Totally worth it!Not only is the pizza delicious, the service is also extremely good. Always a friendly face to greet you and offer up some great recommendations.At lunch time until 4pm, a mere $3.99 will buy you one slice and a drink. For $5.99 you can get two slices and a drink. $8.99 will buy you a small one topping pizza at dinner. This is the BOMB pizza folks! Don't miss out. You'll be sorry you did.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,6/4/2012,49,47,2,4,4>This is one of our favorite "special treat" places to go. You know, when you feel like looking pretty and having a nice dinner just for the fun of it. It is a very small place, but the set-up & decor really make you feel like you are at a little bistro in Paris. They have an excellent wine selection as well.The food has always been outstanding. I tend to get whatever special they have for the night, but my fella is enamored with their filet. Every time we go he says it is one of the best filet's he has ever had in his life. The potatoes they always serve as a side are out of this world! The service is nothing less than stellar. I feel guilty that I can't recall the name of the two servers we always see in there at night. Both young ladies are so sweet & helpful. One of them remembered us immediately when we walked in the door last time and we hadn't been there in months. It's the little things these days you know?
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,6/3/2012,57,122,1,6,4>The best running shoe store I've been to yet. Prior to this, the closest comparison to this is VA Runner in Fredericksburg, VA. However this surpasses the attention and knowledge I got from the help there. It's not cheap, but with a membership and military discount, it was 20% off everything.Even though the store was very busy, the guy helping us, Adam, spent considerable time fitting us, analyzing our running style, and pointing out our areas of concern. I liked that they had several options of each type of shoe so that you didn't have to "come back or wait for a shoe to be delivered to a sister location," but could try 4-5 different options right now.I didn't feel pushed or condescended to like a previous reviewer. In fact, I felt encouraged and like the staff actually had an interest in our running - performance and comfort.I would definitely go back.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2011,6/2/2012,105,201,2,5,3>Heads up! Kitchen 1540 was like an intense 6 flags roller coaster in so many aspects.Finding the place was quite easy and having "free" valet is a nice touch. I say "free" cause you still end up tipping. The ambiance was pretty nice, I had been to their lounge area a few times and am a fan of the older crowd. The restaurant its self has a nice minimalist decor. They seemed to be very well staffed for a Thursday night. We were seated promptly be the hostess. Our server, was a young man, who was very comfortable and causal. It fit the red vans everyone was wearing. I'm guessing that management is trying to stay far away from "pretentious" attitudes. He did a great job in taking our orders and answering our questions.A busser came by with a bread box and offered a few bread options,  I went with the lemon bread and it wasn't very special, just tasted like grocery store bread.I presumed that in this fine dining establishment there would be an amuse bouche, well I was wrong... oh well.here is where this got interesting.My appetizer was the scallops with butter popcorn sauce and salted carmel. This was truly fantastic and a generous portion. Two large scallops! It was super inventive and delicious. I LOVED this in so many aspects. A truly progressive modern dish! AWESOMEWell next I had the rabbit. So I went from this amazing scallop dish to this dry, under seasoned,  plain jane rabbit dish. It was served with mash potatoes and red wine sauce... the tiny tiny carrots were a cute thought, but not enough to redeem this bad dish. I would not order this ever again. However my friends pig tail entree was delicious and adventurous.I had the semifreddo for dessert and the semifreddo its self was wonderful. It had the prefect texture and a great flavor. But for some reason they put it on top of a tough white cake and put overly salty pistachios on top. I ended up scraping the nuts off and just eating the freddo, That being said the freddo was tasty. All in all, I wouldn't consider this a place I would like to return to. If I am looking for a Del Mar place, Market; which is a mere 15 min drive, is far better than 1540.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,6/1/2012,274,427,6,9,6>after recommendations from many, i finally decided to venture to try rosanna's pasta shop. My 3-some decided to try the meatball pizza. While we were waiting, we got a chance to look around the shop, this place makes a lot from scratch, including the bread and its everything italian. the pasta shop is almost a mini market for italian goods meet italian deli.i was a bit turned off by brashness of the woman but then again, the italian was a bit mesmerizing. lol I'm weird like that. I'm a sucker for accents even the harshest ones. Friends and I bought beer but couldn't bring it past the door to sit on the outside tables. The pizza came and boy was it big. but honestly, we had no problem finishing it! It wasn't bad at all, although I felt bad for asking Parmesan cheese. I just like it on my pizza. They don't keep toppings like that out for customers unless requested for. Simply put, the pizza was delicious. In the past, I've also gotten to try the pesto prosciutto sandwich from a friend. So I wasn't surprised that the pizza I had was mouth-wateringly good.I would come back but just a note, it can get a bit expensive for the price of the goods. A sandwich would run you about 10 dollars and the pizza 20+. I'm all about supporting local restaurants so this one is on the list. I would highly recommend this place. Just make sure you come with an appetite!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,5/31/2012,155,232,3,6,5>I'm actually REALLY surprised that the rating for Union isn't higher because this is precisely the kind of place that I think most Yelpers like. I've been to Union twice now, both times for brunch. The first time, I was in a group and we shared four of the menu items (wings, monte cristo, Cobb salad, and beet salad). The second time, I had the shrimp and grits and my boyfriend had the pork belly brioche egg-in-a-hole. Every single dish has been absolutely superb. Not just good... Superb. There's something unique and utterly scrumptious about every dish. The other awesome thing about Union is that they have a lovely and extensive draft beer selection, as well as a lot of delicious cocktails (including three "skinny" options, of which the rosemary cosmo and mojito are fantastic). A nice wine selection is available, too. On our first visit I ordered the Dark & Stormy cocktail and wasn't crazy about it. I would have finished it and just selected something different for my second round, but our server expressly asked how I liked it and as soon as she knew I wasn't in love with it, she took it and insisted on bringing me something different. The service was fantastic. My ONLY complaint about Union was not enough to warrant the deduction of a star: I would love it if there were more appetizer options during the day. It's nice to have some drinks and finger foods during the day so it would be nice if there were more options. Nonetheless, everything I've had there is absolutely fantastic so I suppose I'll just have to try them for dinner so I can sample some more menu items.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,5/30/2012,113,209,4,3,3>Hubs, parentals, brother, sister-in-law, little nephew and I went to Stone Brewery on a Sunday afternoon. We had a great Sunday-Funday...the food was tasty, the beer was excellent, service was friendly and the ambience was refreshing.What I really love about Stone Brewery (aside from the beer) is that they use fresh, local ingredients. I had the crusted tilapia with barley and quinoa. It tasted so light and delicious! My dad loved the Buffalo burger with yukon gold mashed potatoes.What my little nephew loved was the park-like area behind the outdoor patio complete with big rocks to climb, picnic tables, mini-waterfalls, and grassy knolls where he could run around and go ballistic without bothering anyone, while my brother, hubs and I chug-a-lugged.Fun for all ages!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,5/29/2012,40,122,3,9,3>I found another gem WITHIN walking distance from our home. I've always passed by Golden State with curiousity but with no real interest to give it a try. Finally did this weekend - TWICE. Friday, we picked up an order of Salted Baked Porkchops and Sunday, the Hubby and I had a dinner alone inside the restaurant.I was a little nervous after reading all the Yelp reviews. But the one thing that drew me in was that although service wasn't great, the food was consistently being rated high. It made me think of some of the hole-in-the-wall places I've been to in San Francisco and New York, where the service wasn't great but the food was authentic and delicious.GS definitely won me over. The Salted Baked Porkchops warranted the Sunday visit where the Hubby and I devoured every last bite of it. Prices are great (aka super affordable) and you just can't beat the flavors and portions they give you.I'm so glad it's so close to home...although it's a little dangerous for my waistline. ;)
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,5/28/2012,421,351,5,8,7>OMG!! Where to begin ? how about I just add this to my pizza list and bump it it right to the top ! Now that is a pretty bold statement. This is unbelievably good pizza. You will be hooked from the first bite, I know I was. I had the pleasure of sharing my friend Melanie's Pizza the "Pizza ALSATIAN " it has Fresh Ricotta, Caramelized Onions, Bacon, Gruyere Cheese and Parsley. she had them substitute the caramelized onions with fresh mushrooms. It was delish ! I also got to sample the" Pizza MARGHERITA" it consists of San Marzano Tomato, Fior di Latte Mozzarella, Fresh Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano and EVOO. Again an amazing pie, at the end of the evening the chef AKA Pizzaiolo was experimenting with different ingredients and I had the opportunity to try a few of his creations , all of them were 100% spot on. I could go on and on about the wood he uses and the hand selected toppings and the fresh dough but you can read all about that on there website, redovensd.com/Pizza/Welc or you can just let you mouth do the reading and simply enjoy one of the best pizza's ever. I will be following this one for sure and can't wait to try some more of these heavenly delights.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,5/27/2012,28,154,3,8,6>We went here for brunch this past Sunday and I had to write a review.  This was hands down the best brunch I have EVER had.  They have raised the bar extremely high.We started with the beignets....Ohhh heaven in my mouth.  The best donut I have eaten to date.  So light and fluffy it melts in your mouth.I ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and spinach.  Eggs were cooked perfectly.  What am I saying?  EVERYTHING on the plate was cooked perfectly.  I swear they made the english muffin because the knife just sliced thru it like butter.  My friend ordered the egg omlete with smoked salmon and scallops.  Scallops are HUGE and tender.  I will definitely be back for this plate.This brunch made my Sunday.  I am still dreaming about it.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,3/12/2014,391,123,4,8,7>Just like the one on convoy but not as busy.Great food, good service, great value for an all you can eat BBQ. Premium all you can eat is not really worth it unless you MUST have seafood for dinner for some reason. They don't take reservations so try to have your whole party there early because the wait can take a while if it's a busy night.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,3/11/2014,156,292,5,9,3>I think this restaurant must have stepped up their game, because after reading the so-so reviews for this place I was kind of worried, but I was actually pretty impressed! We had a groupon ($20 for $40) and I see groupons for La Paloma pretty frequently so it makes it a great deal. Hubby and I shared a nachos appetizer--the shredded beef was so moist and flavorful! For dinner, I ordered the Monterey chicken, which was a chicken breast with Monterey jack cheese on top of the chicken, a green chile, tomatoes and avocadoes. Yummmmmmm. It was scrumptious! It came with soup or a salad, and my albondigas soup was packed with so many meatballs I started feeding them to my hubby. He ordered bacon wrapped shrimp with black beans, rice and a salad, and he enjoyed the avocado dressing that they served it with. Now the service--WOW! Our server, Beverly, was incredibly attentive to us, and the busser made sure our waters were ALWAYS full and that we had plenty  of chips and salsa. I never once had to even think about asking because they were so on it. We didn't any order drinks last night but their appetizers were very reasonably priced, so I would definitely come back for an apps and drinks type of deal. They had some good dinner specials going on too, but since we had the groupon, those didn't apply to us. Next time! (And there definitely will be a next time!) Also, if there is ONE suggestion I would make to the restaurant it would be to downsize the menu. It's a ridiculously HUGE menu - hasn't anyone seen Kitchen Nightmares? Gordon Ramsay does NOT like long menus! Seriously though, it took a long time to go through two menus and an insert.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,3/10/2014,178,58,4,9,5>BEST BOBA PLACE IN OCEANSIDESeriously have been waiting for a legit boba place to make it's way here since there really hasn't been. The place downtown does NOT count. They have more add in's besides boba, there's lots of seating, having yummy appetizer dishes, lots of variety in flavors...I got my usual, Peach Green Tea with Lychee bits in mine and it was pretty delicious. This place gets my asian stamp of approval! **Located to the Right of Chipotle!! in the corner!**
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,3/9/2014,255,397,5,9,8>Dr. Kuklok is the wisdom tooth whisperer.I asked my friends in PQ and he got overwhelmingly excellent recommendations, and they were all right. My son had his wisdom teeth removed and they did a great job. from start to finish. They were professional and friendly.  the healing was fast and free of complications.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,3/8/2014,149,302,4,8,7>If Alice tumbled somewhere besides Wonderland it would be Rendezvous!A double date group of four ventured to Del Mar for Restaurant Week for something different and I was more than pleasantly surprised. Appetizers: Dumplings. Dead. Heaven in a pocket of dough. Being that I lived in Shanghai for three months my standards for dumplings are quite high and I was absolutely impressed! Lettuce Wraps. I am officially free from PF Chang's lettuce wrap grip as Rendezvous was better and left me wanting more. The lettuce was fresh and crisp and the chicken + sauce combo was genuine.Egg Drop Soup. A classic that was presented in a tasteful and timeless fashion.Entrees:Moo Goo Gai Pan- yes please over and over again. Perfect portion size and the veggies were just the right amount of crisp. The sauce was light yet flavorful.Mongolian Steak- the perfect meal for the red meat eating man. A great blend of spices and a very hefty size for any party.Governor's Chicken- This was the first time I ever had this dish and I was beyond pleasantly surprised at the blend of sweet, sour, and savory. I look forward to trying this dish again soon.Fries Rice- we ordered one bowl for the table which was more than enough and tasted wonderful. Our server, Megan, was very polite and helpful and genuine! The rest of the staff was very drink attentive (a huge plus in my book). Overall, 4 meals with apps + desserts plus a bottle of wine was only about $136- for the dining experience we has, well worth it. I cannot wait to go back and try other items on the menu! Thank you Rendezvous for restoring my faith in the Del Mar Restaurant Scene!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,3/7/2014,200,155,3,12,7>moving back from SF was definitely a tough one -- SUBurban life wasnt for me. I was always driving to places like North Park and Downtown to get the cultured community vibe, mainly to eat or drink at Mom and Pop shops. THANK GOD Abnormal Wine Co, an Urban Winery, opened in North County... now i dont have to drive far for a good drink, vibe/ambiance, and people. DRINKS: They're called ABNORMAL for a reason-- fun and approachable wine, a spin on what is traditional but still very tasty! They also make their wines in steel tanks on location - ordering skins, juice, and wood from all parts of the world. My faves are #18 MERLOT and #22 BRUNELLO (Sangiovese) for red, #4 CHARDONNAY for whites, and #2 CHOCOLATE CITRUS PORT. These all surprised me as i wasnt expecting such complex, yummy flavors. I was able to come in for a tasting - they have an option for 5 or 10, to make my preferences and then the second time was able to enjoy a glass of them.FOOD: During normal hours they serve a cheese plate, artichoke dip with pita chips, bread and oil (BASIL PARMESAN yum), and chocolate chip cookies. They're all great to pair with a glass and snack on - my fave is the CHEESE PLATE with crackers. I found out they now serve lunch and boy did i make a mistake of ordering.... because i had it 3 times in a row. The paninis ARE SO GOOD! haha if you're not worried about calorie count i would highly suggest trying them. I liked the CHICKEN PESTO PANINI over the chicken MUSHROOM but both are delish. If youre in the mood for a salad, i suggest the ARUGULA and a side of TOMATO soup! You have to order the night before or early that morning so you can either pick up the order or have it there. PRICE: standard cafe prices from $7-10 for lunch and the drinks are about $5-10 per glass (the Ports are more expensive of course). Tastings range form $15-25.AMBIANCE: LOVE. dont be deceived by the business park location because one pull on the door its like youre home in a comfy, well decorated, clean living room! They have 5 tables, a bar, and couches all to sit in. Everything is in good taste too - see the pictures i posted. Also the people that come in and visit arent wine snobs. they seemed relaxed and everyone is trying to enjoy their glass and company.SERVICE: everyone was so friendly! Nancy was serving and was super friendly and payed attention to when each tasting was done. Matt the wine maker/co-owner is super knowledgeable - homeboy knows his stuff! James and Jelynn are also so friendly and down to earth. I feel like we're all family!PARKING: plenty of parking since this is in a business park! There is a parking lot right in front.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,3/6/2014,226,70,11,16,11>This place is a solid 4.5 stars for sure.  I don't know what it would take to make a movie theater worth five stars, so rated a 4.What Cinepolis Doesn't Have:Children - that's right, there are 21 and over only shows.  I am not against children per se, like the ones on the Cosby Show are adorable.  However, children in a movie theater are like termites slowly gnawing away at my patience.  Kids have access to Cinepolis during the daytime.  Good luck with that.Parking - It sucks here.  Your best bet is to park down by El Pollo Loco and hoof it.  You are going to consume a few thousand empty calories anyway, so you can afford the exercise.  You can also hit the Valet over at Searsucker, knock back a cocktail there (it will make movie cocktails seem affordable) and then go to the movie.  Post-movie you will require a nightcap and a clean restroom anyway.Bathrooms - Speaking just for the mens room (one urinal, one stall) but it ain't enough for X-hundred mens.  No matter, it seems most mens just wizz on the floor anyway.  If number two shows up good luck, because nothing would convince me to sit on that toxic seat. If you used the valet parking over at Searsucker; that's the place to off-load urine before and after the show.  To be fair, there is a sign near the Cinepolis restrooms that states there "are additional restrooms upstairs" wherever that is.  Gotta say, I'm not up for an easter-egg hunt when I have to pee.Armrest Turf Wars - you get your own with every seat for sure, no fighting some ogre for a place to rest your fat elbows.What Cinepolis Does Have:Reservations - There are really no bad seats in the place, but why risk it.  Go online and pick your spot.  I like the upper middle section.  If you sit on the end (and I'm in the middle) you end up with a server walking in front of you every 35 minutes.  Catch my drift? Booze Delivery - Push a button, a beer finds its way to your seat.  Better than home!  I ask the server the first time that when my button lights up it means "beer me!" And yes I say, "please and thank you."  They also serve liquor and wine, just in case you get a wild urge to do a shot of Tequila mid-movie... hmmmm note to self.Food Delivery - Same magic button makes popcorn appear!  They also have a full menu of great looking food.  I have never ordered any of the menu items (kale salad and short ribs during a movie?) But hey, its available.  And it all looks pretty good.La-Z-Boy Recliners - The very piece of furniture that would identify you as a toothless hillbilly if it were sitting in your living room is your best friend at Cinepolis!  Everybody gets one.  This seat lays all the way back with your feet comfortably propped up on a foot-rest.  There are individual arm-rests (no fighting ogres) and a moveable table so you can position your kale salad as close to your mouth as possible.  I believe there are two cup holders so your "freshie" has a place to rest while your still working on your current pop.Location - Plenty of great eating and drinking establishments in the same general vicinity.  Plenty to see here. In closing, get yourself some Cinepolis Sinemas sometime soon.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,3/5/2014,489,211,8,12,10>If you've read a few of my reviews you may notice I give a lot of 5 star ratings. This is because if nothing goes wrong and I'm happy I feel top rating is warranted. This personal policy in mind I would like to give "Little Jungle Java" 6 stars."Why 6 stars?" you ask. Here's why.After taking our dog "Shelby" for a run at nearby off leash dog park, I realized I needed something to give me a boost. But it needed to be a quick drive thru. I stink. I haven't showered yet and I have dog all over me. There's Taco Bell, No thanks. I don't know if they even have coffee. Oh wait, there's a little place right next to Taco Bell. And, it's drive thru. Perfect! Yep, this is it. So I pull up and there's two dogs sitting there. Business owners with dogs are usually cool people. I get up to the window and the guy says "Hey what can I get you". Then he says "oh hold on "poodles before people" and hands me a doggy, jerky, chewy thingy for our pup. (Surprising generosity!) I say, "I don't know, this is my first time" to which he says, "You're in for a treat. Order something big and expensive cause I'm buyin". "Really", I exclaim. He goes "Yeah, get something big. It's on me". Good thing he repeated himself because I'm slow in the morning. Not wanting to be an opportunist I ask only for a regular coffee. He says, "Oh come on that's not expensive." So I go for the usual Mocha cause that's about as imaginative as I get. Well had I taken an extra few seconds I would've realized these people are far more imaginative than myself. Pumpkin latte, Macadamia Coconut something or other. Lots of flavors and lots of choices as well as organic.  So rather than write out my entire day of conversation, I'll just cut to the part where I'm happy and feel treated to great service, great coffee and great people. This is what I love about Encinitas. There are some really great people and really great places to get what you deserve. If you deserve greatness you deserve "Little Jungle Java"
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,3/4/2014,1299,698,6,11,8>Solid, lunchtime and quick choice.  Solid like oak. Firm.I needed a quick getaway and had not visited this joint in awhile.   I walked in, sat at the bar, and ordered an awesome 12-inch  ITALIAN HOAGIE made of thick cuts of ham, salami, capicola, provolone, oil and vinegar.    The roll was deliciously soft.Although very tempting since they have beer, the beer would be a better companion than Coke Zero for lunchtime decompression. Happy Friday.The one thing is that a $2 bottled Coke Zero and $11 12-inch hoagie costs about $14 which not one would want to spend daily on lunch.  However! You do get what you pay for.  Delicious.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,3/3/2014,435,249,8,11,10>There was a day I was sipping on some of Zumbar's fine espresso several months ago, and heard the owner in conversation in a meeting about the possibility of a new location in north county...I prayed to my higher power that he would send my addiction closer to where I lived...My higher power answered. I was so overjoyed that Zumbar was now closer to me and I could access its sweet dark nectar more often...The new space is a little small, but much more refined. Really clean, minimalist look with cement and white tile, but highlighted with some deep mahogany colored wood bar-like shelves around the interior and exterior where you can have a nice refined cup of coffee. As usual, the level of espresso was extremely high. So happy I made it here. I will be driving down to cardiff much more often.Only downer is they close so early! Ironically, I had to go to the nearby starbucks to type out this review because there wasn't time to gush about it... I feel an immense weight of guilt on me writing about such superior coffee in a store of such mediocre over-roasted coffee... sigh. Higher power, forgive me for my coffee sin.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,1/21/2014,778,1343,3,10,5>Impossible not to like Moonlight State Beach, very quiet, clean, safe and family oriented. Also, every time that I go is sunny and warm (maybe is because I never go during the June gloom season!). I am not a beach person per se, but when I feel like I need to swim in sea waters, then this is the only place I venture to do so. Sunsets are spectacular, and parking is never an issue for me. I usually find easy parking on the streets close by. I like the old times vibe you get in this beach and also the shower located on the stairs going up to the street. Overall, clean, comfortable, nice crowd, good to swim.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,1/20/2014,127,338,5,8,4>I've always wondered what this place was about but figured "Unleashed" meant they didn't carry things for fish. Alas, we've adopted a dog so I finally had an excuse to check it out. It's like a mini Petco but filled with healthier choices and feels much more like a local spot than just a warehouse. The place has a great layout and a pretty decent selection of toys, but mostly food and snacks (both cats and dogs). I don't know that the main stores have them but I saw that there were some refrigerator and freezers here which happend to hold the marrow bones I  was told to buy for Petunia - score! I also noticed they have a "self-wash" area and there really were some people in there washing their dogs! Since I was there browsing so long I also heard a private training session going on. On the way out I asked about training and they told me they do offer classes, 6 weeks for 109.95 - same price (minus the 95 cents) as Petsmart...good to know....The staff was super friendly, knowledgeable and helpful; I think the people staffed here are extra passionate about what they do versus some of the "hey it's a job" employees at the regular stores. I'm sure I'll be back...not sure if I guts to try the dog wash but then again, it might be fun! As soon as she gets her dang stitches out our first order of business is a bath!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,1/19/2014,98,204,3,7,6>It's time to write a real review about my home away from home; it's long overdue and well deserved:After making daily trips for coffee, I can honestly say there's no place quite like Lush Lounge.  Starbucks, I'm sorry, but I've found a new love... I'll give you your gold card back.  The Coffee Lushie with Almond Milk & Vanilla is my official go-to drink right before work (though I have sampled the mocha and chai, both of which were great).  The blender they use must have a "mystical" setting, because the consistency of the lushie is not something that can easily be replicated, as sampled from failed attempts at home brewing.  It's a sweet, smooth flavor with a velvet texture, making it a great drink to wake up with on those warm mornings.  However, I reckon I'll still be drinking this well into the cooler months.I've also dragged every visiting friend and family member from the Los Angeles area in here if possible, and everyone's had rave reviews about the coffee and atmosphere.  My cousin loved the drink so much that after grabbing drinks there, then eating sushi, he meekly requested that we go back the same day to get another lushie!  When my brother in law came to visit, we brought a word puzzle game called Bananagrams and sat here for a good 3 hours just to beat the heat and enjoy drinks and time together... never once did we feel awkward or pressured to leave.  Talk about lounging!  Whether I'm ordering inventory for work, doing a class assignment, or just chatting on Facebook, there's always a space/place for you.  The hydroponic wall, the koi pond, and the chill atmosphere make for excellent ambiance and work as my recharge station.The staff here is also sweet as sweet as the coffee.  I'm not the best with names, but Liz the barista is easily the friendliest... even when she's handling half a dozen drinks towards the back of the counter, she will happily greet me from across the room, "HAI TRISH!"  I'm usually so quiet and introverted, but she seems to bring out the small, relatively talkative side of me.  For those that know me, my loyalties run deep even if I don't necessarily socialize with the people behind the counter, but Liz for some reason is extremely genuine in her greeting and is always asking me about my day.  Then there's Rene, whom I believe is the lounge manager.  Her customer service is stellar, regardless of the time of day (I've been here as early as the lounge opening, around lunch time, and during closing hours... every time I've seen her in action, she's always has positive energy).In recent weeks, I've ventured into their food menu.  As an extremely picky eater whom would much rather eat the same thing over and over again than risk eating something distasteful, I attempted to try their Smoked Salmon.  I'm hooked!  The cool Salmon and red onions on top of piping hot whole wheat with a thin coat of cream cheese to adhere the entire meal together makes for a wholesome lunch sandwich bagel.  The parfaits and bars are also deliciously prepared too!  Last time I went, they had run out since others have caught on to the majesty that is their granola mix.  Even the packaged snacks are good (yes, I'm the guilty one that wipes them out of the peanut butter chocolate chip cookies when they get their supply from the Alternative Baking Company, which is vegan friendly).I must sound crazy about raving about this place the way I am, but as a customer, any place that encourages me to think and eat healthy needs to replace every Starbucks on every street corner.  I'm praying Lush becomes the Chipotle of coffee shops: coffee with integrity.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,1/18/2014,545,118,3,7,5>This booth is located on the 2nd floor, near JC Penny! I like to park my car right by the Panera Bread entrance so that I can waltz my way past this booth to get a sample. THEN, I just want more and am forced to buy a cup!YOGURT: CREAMY, SMOOTH, NOT TOO SWEET, AND DOES NOT TASTE ARTIFICIAL. -Strawberry (Dairy): I just can't stop raving about how amazingly creamy and delicious this flavor is. It has a very light but just enough strawberry flavor! I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!-Mango (Dairy): Same amazing texture and quality as strawberry-Watermelon(Non dairy): Tastes like the Jolly Rancher flavor*Almost ALL their flavors are dairy based- maybe that's why it's so EXTRA creamy!SERVICE: There is always someone (lovely ladies) holding a tray ready to hand out some yummy samples. Who can say no to a beautiful smile and yogurt?! SETTING: Since it is a booth, the space is very open and spacious. There are a couple of tables and chairs across from the booth if you want to sit and enjoy your yogurt! There is no overcrowding when getting your yogurt. But there is only one register, so there may be a line there. It is not located in the BEST area of the mall, but definitely make your way there to check it out!Overall:-BEST YOGURT EVER-STRAWBERRY STRAWBERRY-They should get STAMP CARDS! Everyone is doing it!**PRICE**$0.39/ounce
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,1/17/2014,139,453,3,5,3>My mom has been coming here for years and recommended I bring my bf's suit jacket for an upcoming wedding.I brought it in around 11AM today and needed it finished by 5PM. They said it was no problem and I was able to pay ahead of time. I picked it up at 5PM and it looked great! Less expensive than I thought it would be too.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/16/2014,34,201,3,6,4>RPM comes highly recommended in the off-road industry.  With so much positive feedback, it was a no brainer to take my wannabe race truck to Richard.After discussing the layout and design I wanted, Richard worked his magic creating a beautiful system to compliment my new long tube headers.  Full h-pipe from the headers back into two Spintech mufflers.  It sounds mean! The work was top notch. Quality welds, thick flanges and good craftsmanship.  Richard took his time to make sure everything was lined up and done right.  I was impressed!  I'm definitely bringing all my cars and trucks to RPM in the future.  RPM lives up to the hype!!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/15/2014,18,77,3,6,4>I used to live in Santa Barbara and lived off the Habit for years. I was sooooo excited that one opened up near home here in San Marcos! My family and I came in on opening weekend and had a great experience! Food was amazing and service was great. They were a tiny bit slow, since they were still figuring things out, but the food came out delicious! I love getting the tri tip sandwich with bbq sauce and fries. The fries are crispy on the outside and deliciously warm and soft on the inside. The perfect consistency. I also love their cheeseburgers. Our son had a grilled cheese sandwich and enjoyed it as well! Very happy to have The Habit in my neighborhood once again!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,1/14/2014,461,617,3,8,4>I live getting my hair done by my girl Sarah!!! I love this place and always will. When I come into the shop, I make my appointment with Sarah and have a brief consultation with her. I usually show her a picture of give her an idea of what I am looking for and then leave my hair in her hands... after about 30-45 minutes, some snipping razoring, and shampooing, I look in the mirror and I say to myself, "DAMN! I LOOK GOOD!"
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,1/13/2014,328,239,3,8,7>So let me start by saying that I know Peter from back when he worked at Petite Madeline. I started to notice that he wasn't around so much when I was coming in and one day I saw that he had booth set up at the Oceanside Days of Art. He had all these succulents from tiny to really big inside of shoes, jeans and a wall size cart.I've seen Peter's work at The Burger House and Petite so when he told me he had his own cafe I knew I had to see it. I went by that same day and couldn't believe what I saw, when you first walk in it's like a garden and an outdoor cafe decided to get married. I heard soft music but I also heard a water fountain which is on the wall with so many succulents for sale. I usually get some type of tea sit down and close my eyes. As you can see from my pics there are some comfy places to sit down and enjoy your coffee or whatever. I've even seen a lady with her dog enjoying the Succulent Cafe so it is pet friendly.This place is very calm and relaxing for me and I love it. This is my place to come to think things over with a cup of tea. Not that many people know of this place yet but I'm sure it will not be a secret for long. It is a little hard to find if you do not know the downtown area but it's connected to a spa down the street from Dairy Queen. If you are in the area you really need to come by because it's really nice to have a place like this in Oceanside.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,1/12/2014,268,99,1,4,3>Amazing food market. I love the variety of breads and fresh produce. You can find just about anything here. Wonderful variety of organic foods and natural supplements. Staff, especially our regular cashier, Amy, are delightful, polite and always eager to assist.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/20/2014,246,162,8,8,9>The kid LOVES this place - and so do I!!! The garlic, I say, makes the pizza for me. So good! Many yummy combinations of either White Pies or Red Pies. My fave is anything with garlic. Duh!What I love most of all is the Gluten-free option.  Comes as a 10 inch pie with "100% Real" toppings to choose from. Can you guess that I always have garlic on mine? Also love their salads. So fresh snd so clean, and yOu can choose all your toppings. We're actually sitting here right now,  waiting for our order. They gave Ares a ball of dough to play with while we wait. What would be awesome is if they baked it after the kids make it into shapes. Sounds gross and unsanitary I know haha.I love this place. Ares loves this place. Garlic. Cool kids. Gluten free. 100% real ingredients. Already looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,6/19/2014,1060,798,10,10,9>Finally.  La Costa seems to have hired a good chef.  Sometimes new management works.It's the same place as before (Legends) with beautiful views from an expansive patio overlooking the golf course.  But the food is infinitely better.  This time I was happy to take my friend Lisa for lunch.  We both had the special fish of the day (sea bass) and it was heavenly, golden browned and tender, resting on a little bed of mashed with some veggies.But the best part of it was the dessert!  Chocolate cake for two.  A huge piece of delicious chocolate cake, moist cake, delicious frosting, with a big scoop of ice cream. The service seems to have gotten better also.Just a stone's throw from my house. Lucky me.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,6/18/2014,792,364,11,14,13>Wasn't expecting much from this visit, but was surprisingly pleased with the quality, taste, flavor, and overall experience of the visit. Yeah, I know...we all know the "Burger Scene" is exploding just as the Craft Beer Scene here in San Diego.  And you're all saying, yeah, "...another burger joint' is all we need".  Yeah right.   BUT, behold you not...in this case...amongst the average/mediocre ones, lies the very few "good ones"....just as with any genre. You order at the counter, take a "GPS" tracker which tells the server "where" you're sitting ....so they deliver "to you" which is a nice touch.  In other words, you take the gps tracker to your seat, instead of going to the counter to pick up your order, they actually come to you!!.   Imagine that...  nice touch.My friend and I shared a "Half and Half" (Fries and Onion Rings)...the size of that order wasn't ridiculously big, but nor too small -- I'd say...Just about right amount of particularly thin Onion Rings and seasoned shoe string Fries.   Ask for a "house made Ranch and BBQ sauce" for dipping as the server proudly offered to us. The burger was elegantly simple.   Not frilly, not too much, but just right in size.  The 100% grass fed "Classic Burger" beef patty had a flavor like no other.  I swear, it was a beef flavor profile I've not tasted before, so I  do subscribe to the validity of the "grass fed beef" movement.   Sign me up.  Believer.  In addition to the beef patty being the "winner" of this burger, the BUN was the "best supporting actor/tress).  Check out my pictures attached with this review...it's like a cross between a Potato Bun (lightly sprinkled with a flour finish) and a shiny brioche shiny bun.  It had the right amount of fluff, and firmness which is a delicate balance hard to achieve in any bread.   I would say the bread to a burger -  is equally important-  as the rice in  sushi...maybe more.   Servers are attentive and they keep an eye on your drink cups for free soda and iced tea refills.  We were approached twice in our quick 30 minute visit, despite the busy business lunch hour, with friendly offers for service and refilling of our cups.  And oh...one more thing about the sodas/drinks...they have that type of ice where it's like little "pellets"...you know...the tiny  cylindrical shaped ice shavings which are so cool.  Love it.I rate this a solid 3.5 but will upgrade to a 4 stars since the service and ambiance was fantastic.    This definitely makes my "burger circuit" and definitely separates itself from the "mediocre" burger offerings around town.  Kudos to the Burger Lounge!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/17/2014,2030,893,11,11,9>Came here after a long run along the coast today with friends - I seem to cancel out my workouts by indulging in good eats right after. Today was no exception. We came in right around noon and were able to get seated right away.  Our server promptly delivered much needed water to our table and a basket of chips and salsa. I ordered the combination plate where you can choose from beef or chicken tacos, pork tamale, tostada, burrito or enchiladas.  I chose the chicken taco and the chicken enchilada which seem to be my regular order here. Along with your chosen items, it also comes with a side of refried beans and rice. The plate came out piping hot and the serving size was HUGE!  I've never been able to finish it so left overs are expected.Often times, the chicken can be dry but they prepared it perfectly. The chicken taco was super crispy and packed with shredded chicken which was nicely seasoned. Great ratio of protein and produce. I didn't eat much of the enchilada but I loved taking some of the sauce from it and pouring it on the taco. I might have to ask for a side of that next time. The flavor was good as is but it just gave it a extra umph.Fidel's is probably one of the better mexican restaurants in North County and I might say one of my faves. I don't get to Solana Beach to eat here often but when I do, i'm always very satisfied.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/16/2014,392,263,13,19,15>El Agave is the newest restaurant to hit the Del Mar Scene. The restaurant is stunningly beautiful with an ocean view and outdoor patio seating.Hispanic-Mexican Gastronomy themed dining is a perfect pairing for this location. There is a serious void of Mexican food in Del Mar.Have you ever heard of a Tequila Museum? 2,000 varieties of tequila is a lot of liquid love!I am enamored with the menu and the plating here. I am sure it will be a hit with the tourists. The prices are steep, but this is Del Mar Baby.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,6/15/2014,327,309,6,12,7>IMPORTANTE: DON'T SHOW UP HERE THINKING YOU CAN ORDER FOOD.So this was my first time ever doing a taste test for Rubio's this afternoon...have you heard of them? Do it. 3 Easy Steps to Get to Taste Test Rubio's Goodness:1.) Join their email club here: rubios.com/beachclub 2.) Read their emails, fill out their surveys (they only take 1-2 mins!)3.) When invited to test, RSVP - then, show up! We left with 3 cards for free tacos - Woot!We tried two dishes, gave our feedback and left within 35 minutes or so - hoping to see a healthier twist to the grande bowls :)
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,6/14/2014,153,144,5,9,6>I want their work schedule..start at 10:30 and finish work a few hours later.  I'm in the wrong business!!With that being said, call before going just to make sure they still have food.  Great place for a quick, good and healthy lunch.  Make sure you go for lunch because they can be closed by early afternoon!  When you go there, you can expect a super nice older couple making their food fresh.  Quaint little shop with a few tables inside and a few more outside.I love poke and their poke is good for California standards... in fact its the best I've tried in the San Diego area (but that's kind of by default...the only other poke i've tried around San Diego is half decent is leilani's in PB).  That being said, the poke they give you are really tiny portions.  The bowl is small and comes with sushi rice, seaweed salad, avocado and poke... with a heavy ratio of rice vs poke.  The lahaina and spicy tuna rolls are good.Overall solid spot and I'd happily go here again.Typically I'll get a bowl and a roll- that's a perfect sized lunch meal:yelp.com/biz_photos/yosh
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,6/13/2014,833,1178,9,13,12>I have this thing about not eating at dive bars. To me it just doesn't make sense. I've seen too many dive bars and know how they work to in proper mindset eat at a dive bar.This is my one exception.I only eat their burgers as I'm not a fan of their onion rings. I prefer fresh hand batter donut sized monsters, but beggers can't be choosers. When I tell people about a top notch classic burger being at a dive bar, down by the train tracks, in Oceanside, they clutch their purse or their rears.Come for their burger and pitcher special. It's a fantastic way start your evening. Stay for the cheap jukebox and pool tables or even the firepit outside. It's a little dark inside, janky like most dive bars, the people here  generally come to eat burgers and drink, not just get hammered and waste their life away. Most everyone is a local and have been coming here for not year, but decades. It doesn't get a good reputation as many bars in Oceanside in the late 80's and early 90's got a bad wrap, but things change, just not their burgers. Service is ok, actually service doesn't matter, you order, you eat and drink. It's a dive bar so their bartenders don't' want to be there anyhow.They overbread their mushrooms and don't have top shelf liquors, but they have kind of cheap beers, only a few places in Oside have cheaper non piss domestics. Message me for that list. Parking is terrible, small, your better off parking across the street somewhere as LEO's like to watch people leave from some convenient and less than obvious locations (namely their station 200 yards away or some direct line of sight hill tops. The 2nd best thinig you can do is park at a different sprinter station and take that as it's being the bar and no way the cops gonna know which station your at to call ahead. I can't deny this place a 5 star review for the burger alone and that I love dive bars. It's not my favorite place, but such a classic and staple of Oceanside my home it will always be where I come home to roost.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,6/12/2014,2096,151,4,15,10>Luke really outdid himself! Outstanding service, great concepts and  a fantastic design that was within our budget!One of the downfalls to purchasing my first home is that the fact that the house needed tons of TLC. Just like any ambitious first time home owner I knew I could tackle 99% of the home improvements... I couldn't of been more naive! Luckly I found Luke to lead me in the right direction and really improved the value of my home. Additionally, he was very competitive with pricing compared to the "big box" stores.   Premium Cabinets and Flooring brings much more to the table than other cabinet and floor suppliers, and ultimately I needed all the help I could get!Luke thanks again for the awesome service and I will be dropping your name when I get complements on the kitchen for sure! Cheers!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/11/2014,67,153,1,5,3>I went to cyo this evening. The menu is full of fresh food ideas and seems like a great concept. I tried the Mediterranean chicken stew, the baked potato pizza and a meatball. The chicken stew was flavorful and delicious.  The chicken was tender and I'll order this again. The baked potato pizza was interesting and was loaded like a real baked potato. The meatball was amazing. Juicy and delicious. Do not miss out on these. Servers were friendly and enthusiastic.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,5/26/2012,166,118,4,4,4>Thanks stranger for ease dropping on our disappointment when we heard one of the waitress from Original Pancake House advise us that it would be a 45min to an hour wait. So the stranger left and told us that he was heading to Cully's in Poway. From there we decided we will follow them and thank goodness we did. So close to home this little treasure of a place tucked away in Poway was a golden treat. A small family owned hole in the wall breakfast joint. They served breakfast all day and it feels like you're at home. No more do we have to wait in a crazy line Cully's is our place to go for some yummy fluffy pancakes and all the heaven's morning glory. Thanks to the stranger we now will be part of the family. Great warm welcoming service Constant Coffee Refill Yummy wake up food
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,5/25/2012,163,290,4,6,6>the second thing a gal needs to do when she moves away and has had the same hairdresser for 12 years is to really search and read reviews. I came across this salon, and Miste's clients. Hair is a very important thing to us, and for someone to get it right is a miracle. I have had hair colorists that  turned my blond hair pumpkin orange, and cut baby girl bangs I did NOT want.So being a bit fearful, I called, got an appointment with Miste and have been back 3 times already! She is great, listens to your hair needs, and is an all around nice lady. AND she uses the same hair color company that mine did up in SF! And it is not a commonly one used. How synergistic is that?! So no guessing how to get that color from another co.My hair looks great :)It's an upbeat, brightly colored salon with a great feel to it. The price is comparable to what I paid in the past.Plus, we get to tell our doggy stories!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,5/24/2012,303,270,18,18,19>It is sad to admit that I've never noticed this shop before... Mind boggling. The kids and I were walking around downtown Encinitas one evening when we stumbled upon this chocolate shop :) It was not the chocolate that caught my attention though. It was the gelato. I LOVE GELATO! If I had known this place sold gelato, I would have visited much sooner. I opted for the chocolate and hazelnut combo. It was delicious. The gelato was smooth, creamy and full of flavor! The clerk that helped us out was very friendly and offered samples until we were sure what we wanted to purchase. I'm not a big chocolate fan but they did look yummy. They offer a wide range of flavors, but the it seemed a bit pricey for a piece of chocolate.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,5/23/2012,545,118,5,6,5>I love the concept of creating your own burger (maybe a headache for some because there are just so many choices). Good thing they give you a organized clipboard to check off what you want!Ambiance: Fun, chill, laid-backService: Con: This took out a full star. We arrived at the entrance and had to wait 2 minutes before a hostess attended to us. The hostess simply gave us our menus and wandered off. Luckily we yelped the place before we went so we knew how everything works. However, I think hostess should explain the menu to new comers. Another thing, we didn't even receive water for our table until 10 minutes after we placed our order.  Pro: Thank you to the waitress for suggesting to just order one "Fifty Fifty" because it was more than enough. Awesome that the food came out at a fair pace and awesome that they split checks.Taste:  YUMThe "Fifty-Fifty"- Sweet Potato Fries and Onion Strings ($5.95)We ordered this to share so we can have a little taste of both worlds. This was simply amazing. Not oily with an awesome crisp. I love how the onion rings were so thinly sliced that it was very crispy. They also give you three different dipping sauces- ranch, bbq, and something else I can't remember.What I ordered- $9.951/3 pound chicken burger on multigrain bun with soft ripened brie cheese, dried cranberries, grilled onions, grilled pineapples, organic mixed greens, sliced avocados (for $1), and apricot sauce dressing on the sideIt was messy but delicious. I think I could have passed with the avocado because with so much ingredients, I could barely taste it. I really wanted cranberry and pineapple because those are things are rarely get. It was also a good idea to have chicken instead of beef. Overall, I loved my burger!Boyfriend- $9.951/3 pound of beef burger (medium rare) on regular bun with coleslaw, red onions, roasted corn and black bean salsa, roasted red peppers, guacamole (for $1), Swiss cheese, and chipotle aioli sauce dressing on the side.Of course Dang thought this was BOMB. He was trying to go for a Latin flavor so he came up with this combination. I thought the flavors blended very well together. Definitely messy but not too oily.Price: A little high for just burgers. But they were good. Totally worth it since you get to choose your own ingredients.Overall: I had a great experience and I plan to be back!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,5/22/2012,735,735,8,12,12>Iron Fist is an amazing family brewery business that showcases how well San Diego can make a Belgian.  That's right folks, it's more than just IPA's on the SD craft brewing scene.Their head brewmaster, Brandon, is only 22 years old and has a keen nose for Belgians.  He was quite a friendly guy and even showed our hero some of the hops they were using for their only IPA on the menu, The Gauntlet.  These guys that run the brewery take great pride in their work and are genuinely invested and passionate about what they do, which definitely shows in their beers.  Their Belgians are outstanding and have some complex fruity and citrus notes that really set them apart from the competition.It's a cool spot to hang around with beer barrel "tables" and a doodle wall for the young and the young at heart to draw on.  Young or old, human or canine, pretty much everyone is welcome at this brewery for a casual tasting experience with some distinct top notch beers.PROS:- This is truly a mom and pop family owned business.- Really friendly staff and owners.- The 4 tasters for $5 comes on an easy to carry tasting bat.- Free pretzels!CONS:- They're a much smaller brewery, so there's not much of a "tour" to be had here, but the staff is more than glad to just chat it up with you about their brewery.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,5/21/2012,58,116,7,5,3>This place is my "go to" spot for absurd breakfast portions and refreshing mimosas.  The service is helpful and willing to make suggestions and even help you save a few bucks when you order.   The coffee is good and free flowing.  The orange juice is a bit pricey for the amount you get but otherwise fresh and delicious.  I am a huge fan of breakfast foods and this place delivers.  The pancakes are moist and fluffy the French toast is seasoned to perfection and the cook has a great grasp on the difference between over easy and over medium eggs.  The bacon is always crispy and well prepared.  Now let's talk portions!No one that I have ever seen eat here walks away looking disappointed in the sheer quantity of food that is brought out to you.  I am a glutton for punishment and often find myself ordering for 3 when I am alone...this is not the kind of place that you want to let your eyes wander around the menu too long.  The omelets are huge, the pancakes are as big as dinner plates and stacked high.  My wife had a biscuit the size of an infant's head on her plate once and the muffins are serious business.  Bottom line, come hungry, in a pair of sweats and have a designated driver on speed dial because you might need him after the food coma kicks in!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,5/20/2012,226,131,10,15,8>FINALLY! a place for REAL people. how so? read the following:-no ladies with enormous ta-ta's in a tiny sports bra and mini skirt!-no men with tight shorts/tanks aka roid raging guidos  (you know the ones with giant muscles that look like poop because they are so tan)-no teenagers hanging out for the basketball court, or just hanging out in generalpeople come here to get their workout done, and go home, not hang out and train for hours, stinking up the darn place, *cough* cough* 24hour *cough**this place is so clean you could probably lick the floor. also, most members here clean their machines. *staff is friendly, in a genuine way, and not stuck up *cough* LA fitness *cough*!*several fitness classes to choose from*price is excellent, at about $20 a month for membership and tanning
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,5/19/2012,154,43,21,12,9>I prefer eating things that are either shamelessly synthetic or have been recently murdered for my sustenance so the Lotus Cafe and Juice Bar isn't normally my kind of joint. However, their soothing sitar music and soft pastel walls do a great deal to quell the same carnivorous rage that causes me to write angry Yelp reviews and has on some occasions led to bouts of uncontrollable bedwetting.The competence and resourcefulness of the beatniks working here takes some getting used to because of their open expressions of genuine friendliness and efficiency. While it may initially be difficult to resist the obvious kneejerk reaction to yell at each of them about getting a haircut, I encourage you to suspend your judgments and attempt to reciprocate the goodwill. I know it sounds crazy but just give it a shot for the sake of any hemp-clad women or unwashed children within earshot. The most alarming thing about the menu isn't completely obvious at first but as you read through the extensive selections it will sink in: THEIR MENU IS COMPLETELY DEVOID OF BACON. I can understand if this is the last straw for you but I assure you there are many wonderful items on their menu including an alternative source of protein the hippies are calling "black beans". I can personally attest to the wonderful soup and tacos that house this strange, organic food.My attorney was coherent just long enough to order a veggie platter and mentioned being impressed with the audacity of anyone willing to serve a meal that did not contain superheated animal flesh. You can only imagine the surprise at our table when the veggie platter blew our pants off (in a figurative, totally heterosexual, tasty food kind of way).Lotus Café and Juice Bar: caveman approved.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/18/2012,833,1178,5,9,7>I'm not a donut man or enthusiast, but I do enjoy the simple beauty and flavor of the donut. My favorites are the old fashioned, glazed, apple fritter then bear claw. You won't find a better place for any or all of your donut, cookie, cake needs. It's not a café despite the few outdoor and indoor seats. I actually prefer not to eat here because it's so busy, just masses of people walking by you. The parking lot is small and shared in the morning, but those are peak for VG's. The good thing about this is that this is no ordinary bakery or donut shop, but a combination of both. A staple in San Diego's North Coastal community for some time they even delivery to shops outside of the beach zone, but still local. Unlike all these new cupcake places that only do cupcakes and these cake shops that only do cakes VG's has THE BEST donuts in Coastal North County and cakes, cup cakes that rival any artisanal start up. Also you can see right into the kitchen, not hidden behind in the back like most and although many like it copper style (donut and coffee), you can get it your coffee elsewhere, baking is all they do and they are good at it. I like spaghetti and meat balls, but you better believe I'll combine the best of both and you should do that here.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,5/17/2012,77,80,2,7,8>I'm in love. In love in love in love.With mac and cheese, and especially the meatball grilled cheese! Grilled cheese might sound like something you make your kids when you got home from work late and didn't have time to cook, but oh no, this sandwich is one of the best I've ever had! Of any kind, not just grilled cheese! I think I've had it at least three times now, and recommended it to countless friends who also love it.They make their grilled cheese on super thick crusty bread, put on lots of cheese, and include slightly spicy meatballs that really make it interesting. I like to order mine with their chips. But they also have sweet potato fries, regular fries, and I think a coleslaw option as well.I've tried two different pizzas now, one with hamburger and cheddar cheese, and another with wing sauce and ranch, and both were delicious. The crust is what really makes it great.They have lots of different flavors of mac and cheese as well, I ordered one with ham and jalapenos, and it was great. Very creamy and cheesy. They offer three sizes and the smallest one is plenty for me, although my husband prefers the middle size.The atmosphere is great, trendy, lots of cool wooden accents on the walls. The servers are knowledgeable and friendly, and always willing to accommodate.And the beer list. Another great mecca for craft brews, they usually have something that I haven't seen before, and have a pretty inclusive bottle list as well.Give it a try!!!! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,9/14/2012,46,37,3,5,5>You can't beat this place's location right across from the pier and the homey hang-out feeling. There's FREE wi-f, as well as seats outside and a low bar facing out that both favor some great people watching. They have great ORGANIC coffee options - my favorite is their Cafe Del Sol (I go out of my way to get it when I need a fix- one time late in the day they were out but had another organic option that was just as good). They have a good loose leaf tea selection, gelato, truly delectable pastries and bagels and breakfast and lunch sandwiches that have really fresh ingredients and good portions. I came here this morning to work on my laptop and enjoyed some Moroccan Mint Tea. The girl at the counter had to ask the cook about a menu item but she made up for it when she refilled my hot water in my tea with a smile and no smug. It's a quaint place with lots of interesting people coming in and out. I liked it so much I came back in the afternoon after a beach run and a few errands to work some more and I quickly finished one of the better garden salads I've had. It was simple but great - mixed greens (no iceberg lettuce - there were some deep purples in there!), really fresh avocado (and I'm a tough critic of avocado flavor), plump juicy tomatoes and red onions. Yum!Ok - back to work for me...Stop in if you get a chance - it's a very cool little coffee shop with a cool vibe.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,9/13/2012,279,201,1,6,2>I'm in a state of pure shock that this place only has two reviews....do people in Valley Center not use yelp? Anyways, the first thing you need to know about the buffet is that the first time you go....its FREE! Just sign up for a players card and the normal 30-40 buck buffet is grand spanking free.This buffet is actually on par to Vegas level buffets with the quality of food they offer. Obviously everyone comes here for the lobster, and its usually pretty good. Sometimes I have come when the texture is strange but that was only one experience so I will neglect that as just a bad day. You can only get one lobster at a time so be prepared to walk....a lot. The dessert bar is pretty good and so is the prime rib. I would say one of the only things that are lacking are the soups. Course than again I haven't been to a buffet that had delicious soup that wasn't way too salty so its a tough gripe to have. When they are busy they have a special seating system where they give you a sheet of paper that tells you when to come and line up, so be sure to come early if you want to eat as the place is always busy. Trick for you guys, go to the Chinese station where they do stir fry, tip the cook and tell him you want lobster. He will go to the back, pull a BUNCH of lobster (loophole to the one lobster rule) AAAAANNND he will stir fry it in the sauces that they use for the Asian food. Absolutely amazing. Do it...you wont be sorry.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,9/12/2012,83,241,5,3,6>Came here for Easter brunch. Super cute restaurant with epic views of the racetrack and Del Mar. You can either park on the street (go towards the apartment buildings and there's no meter) or you can pay $4 for valet. I hate that there's no self-parking.The brunch menu is great and if you are a fan of brunch foods, you will find yourself having a hard time choosing. I ordered the seafood omelet and asked for egg whites only. It came with really good baked potato squares. THE BEST PART ABOUT BRUNCH: For an additional $3, you get bottomless champagne and/or mimosas!!! Money can't buy happiness, but this is as close as you can get.Special shout out to the girl who was dressed up as the Easter bunny and greeting all the customers. You made my day.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,9/11/2012,56,481,,4,3>This is the closest authentic tasting Chinese food I can find in the North County area of San Diego without having to go to Convoy, Mira Mesa or Kearny Mesa area. So far the dishes I have ordered (non-Americanized) have all been good. I really like their hot and sour soup here.Service is consistently pleasant.Don't expect ambiance, just expect good food.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,9/9/2012,157,368,,5,1>I had an absolutely amazing experience at Mia Francesca, and plan on returning for sure!  I've been here twice now, once for happy hour (delicious items on their happy hour menu), and once for an all out dinner including wine & desserts.  This review is primarily about the dinner experience, but the happy hour was def tops too.Anyway, we were seated pretty quickly on a Saturday night, even though we had no reservation.  We had recently returned from vacation and were famished for some non-airplane stale pretzels.  Our server, Courtney, is probably one of the best servers I've ever had.  She was very attentive, helpful and not all all overly "is everything ok?" ish.  We started the the bruschette, which was very very good.  For the main course, I had linguine with clam and mussels (unfortunately, I cannot remember it's italian name on the menu).  It was exquisite.  Although I am a very slim girl, I managed to eat my entire dish AND a dessert, which I've never done. I just couldn't stop eating because it was so good. Their menu was handwritten and copied, which seemed odd, but I think it changes often (maybe?), so each time could be a new experience!  I could be wrong on that, but their menus are dated on the website, so that's my best guess.There is a lot of patio seating, as well as some indoor seating, although the whole restaurant has the al fresco, as there aren't really any walls between the patio and indoors, just a roof starts at one point.The applie cristiano for dessert was AMAZING, and so was my boyfriend's bread pudding.  Get them. Now.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,9/8/2012,23,31,4,7,5>One of the BEST hair stylists in town!!! Been going to Chelsea for years and was ecstatic when she opened up her very own (super cute) salon!! She's a good listener, which is hard to find bc a lot of hair stylists want to do whatever they think will look good and not necessarily what you want. I have had her say "eh, idk if that'll work with your hair type" and usually we find something that does work.  She offers great suggestions, too!... And doesn't get upset if you turn them down. Knowledgeable and honest about hair products and what will or won't hurt your hair in the long run. Highly recommended. :)
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,9/7/2012,168,204,4,14,4>I've always been the move-yourself type, but this time pregnancy, an apartment on the third floor, and the heat of July were enough to convince me that hiring movers was worth a couple hundred bucks that I'd rather spend on almost anything else. And O-M-G am I glad I did. For those of you who've never ponied up the money for professionals, believe me when I say they'll change your thoughts about moving forever. They reduce both the physical and mental stress of moving by at least 90%, which to me is worth at least double what they charge. If you're on the fence about hiring movers, HIRE THEM. Once I'd made the decision to hire professional movers, I pretty much spammed the moving world for price quotes. Because if there's anything I hate more than moving, it's overpaying for a service that I know I could do myself. Green Movers was just another company I sent an email to for a price quote. I didn't specifically seek them out in any way. In fact, I would venture to say that I was even a little turned off by them in the beginning because I assumed that the "green" in Green Movers was some sort of environmentally friendly truck that would jack up my moving cost. Anyway, because of my slightly obsessive price research, I can confidently assure you that Green Movers IS NOT the cheapest option out there. In fact, it's not even in the bottom 3. If you're looking for dirt cheap, they ain't it. Nor are they the most expensive. They rest somewhere closer to the lower middle. So why did I choose them? Professionalism, upfront costs, and yelp reviews. There were a few companies that responded to my explicit request to email me a price quote with a phone call, which annoyed me. There were a few companies that advertised hourly rates, but then hit you with set-up fees like truck rental or fuel surcharge. And to be honest, the cheap companies kind of scared me... there's usually a reason things are that cheap, you know? Green Movers wraps all their operating expenses into one, easy to understand fee: an hourly rate. Wonderfully simple. They also represent themselves well with extremely professional communication, which made me a whole lot more comfortable signing up to have them move my most prized possessions. And the Yelp reviews for the most part appeared positive... so I was sold. On the day of the move, the two movers arrived 15 minutes early and started work immediately (but didn't charge us for those 15 extra minutes, I might add). They were friendly, but didn't waste time socializing on our dime. They were quick, efficient, and very careful with our things. There were no complaints about carrying  our heavy boxes and awkward furniture up four flights of stairs. The price was $90 per hour for two movers. When I was booking, they advised me to book three movers, but if you're willing to do a little work yourself, two movers is totally sufficient. They were done in less than 4 hours. I've moved every year for the past 8 years, and this is the easiest time of it I've ever had. I HIGHLY recommend Green Movers and will absolutely use them again on my next move.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,9/6/2012,17,73,3,8,5>Went to the Relm soft opening tonight with my husband and a group of friends.  It's less than a block from our house so we are so stoked to have this amazing place within walking distance.  Great atmosphere, gorgeous interior, excellent food, super friendly service, and good prices.  This did not seem like a soft opening - they had it down!  Hubby got a micro brew (I know, at a wine bar, right?) and I got a Pelegrino, whole bottle, came with a carafe of water, and we sat at an adorable wine barrel table next to the window.  We split a cheese platter- everything was amazing especially the dipping honey, then split the salted caramel-butterscotch pot de creme (which doesn't have eggs in it so that was a plus!)  Amazing!!!  We are just looking for excuses to come back often!  Thanks for a great evening out!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,9/5/2012,611,200,3,13,10>Hi, My name is Melissa and I'm a Bar Method addict.  Seriously, a junkie over here.  I've never been excited about a workout until I walked through their door.  Not only is it a kick-ass work out but I am sore for days!  I would go 5 days a week if my body would allow it (I'm pretty out of shape here people, don't judge)!  But I need a break so I try and go 3 days a week. They offer early morning classes (you know, when I'm still snoring) and weekends as well.  Now I could go on and on about how awesome the work out is but I truly think you need to experience it for yourself.  They have a killer new client deal.  What stands them apart from others (and I have tried others) is how welcome they make you feel.My first class, I was a nervous wreck!  The teacher (Stacey) introduced herself to me and asked questions to get to know me.  Each of the teachers take the time to know each of the individuals in class.  It's great because they will help you out with your form and give you encouragement.  This is vital to me.  Everyone in class with me has always been so nice as well.Ok, I'll cut myself off now.  You must try it for yourself to see what I am raving about!  Then come back here and thank me ;-)
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,9/4/2012,226,131,3,6,4>Completely addicted to their Just Dip It olive oil. Honestly, this olive oil is amazing on everything! This bottle contains a blend of extra virgin olive oil, balsamic vinegar, red chili pepper flakes, garlic and an array of spices. I enjoy dipping bread in it and using it on salads, pasta, as well as a marinade. This location has a tasting bar which allows you to try their various flavors of olive oil and vinegar, some seasonal. Bottles are expensive, but this is fresh olive oil from a local southern California ranch, they are not mass produced bottles, they are sold within the season it is produced. Temecula olive oil has an outstanding quality.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,7/15/2013,133,49,6,10,5>These people are amazing!!! My doxie is allergic to bees, after a day of frolicking in the daisies my poor baby was stung on the face.. He looked like Toucan Sam! I raced to the vet and these people saved his life! I was in tears lol don't laugh I love my pup and they took great care of him! We now have an epi pen and I would reccomend this place to anyone! Great prices and really nice people!Cody and I love you guys! Keep up the amazing work!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,7/14/2013,156,292,,3,2>WOW -- we've found a new pizza spot. We came here Friday night before a movie--hubby ordered the ham & pastrami sandwich with a drink (only $6.99--great price!) and I ordered baked ziti with meat sauce. Just for good measure, we ordered a slice of pizza to share. Altogether, our three items were $20 which seemed like a good deal to us. We wanted to see if it lived up to the hype and it absolutely did. The pizza had JUST come out of the oven, and everything about it was delicious--crust, sauce, perfect balance of cheese, and the pepperonis were delectable. We were salivating by the time we got our food (not a long wait, maybe 15 minutes after the pizza!). Oh my god. It was AMAZING and the portions are HUGE! We could have just ordered the baked ziti and shared (but the leftovers yesterday were scrumptious!). They even have a special going on, $11.95 for a large one-topping pizza. That's such a good deal--why go to a chain when you can get a pizza that is 100x more delicious, AND is locally owned!? I know where we're grabbing pizza next time the mood strikes!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,7/13/2013,283,205,,7,3>This place is awesome and if you're looking for a chill place to experience some lesser known wines and good craft beer, go to Crush and Brew without delay. This used to be a place called the Collective, which IMO, seemed to attract the wannabe Newport Beach crowd - over 50 in short skirts, stilettos with matching plastic surgery... okay sorry, I digress. My husband and I have been here a few times now and each time, the place has been filled with a few different parties. Recommendation, if you're on a date and you like that person, take a seat in the comfy couches. The staff is knowledgeable about the wines and beers. Our server gave us complimentary samples of a couple of the wines we weren't sure about. They feature wines mostly from California that are not too commercial and that are very respectable selections and varietals. One of the times we were there, the establishment featured a singer/songwriter night - kind of an open mic night for musicians to test out their songs. Not sure if that's an every week thing but I do know they have live music some nights. We also received 10% off our bill for mentioning and checking in there on Yelp! i hope I don't get them in trouble and I hope they don't take away the discount because I mention this, but the 10% off offer was only posted on a blackboard behind the musicians. The waitstaff honored it no problem. Very nice place to go with a date or a group. Go tonight!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,7/12/2013,41,128,2,3,2>I will start by apologizing to Starbucks.. I found a new coffee place. Its not you its me. My co-worker walks into work every day with her black rock coffee cup. I asked her to pick me up some. She first ordered me a hazelnut mocha which was bomb.. sometimes you just get tired of the same ol' mocha.. but immediately after my first sip I was committed. My second cup I got to try was their blondie it is a caramel drink and little to sweet for me but still excellent. She has turned the whole office into black rock lovers. I only wish they would expand or put multiple locations around. The drive may kill you but worth it.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,7/11/2013,49,47,4,18,5>I was so excited to come on Yelp to write a review for the Twin Oaks Garden Estate. Our wedding was on January 26, 2013 and it was beyond amazing. It was everything I could have dreamed of and if it were not for the people at Twin Oaks I could never have done it. Before I being though, I have to say I actually found myself infuriated by the handful of negative reviews of this place (and that SO many good ones have been filtered). I guess that shows you how much I loved working with them, the negative reviews got me angry because I am so defensive of them now. To Kat A., I have never read such a ridiculous, ego inflated, no grasp of reality, diva-esque sounding review. I don't know who you are that you need all this "security" but take yourself down a notch. But I digress.From start to finish, Twin Oaks exceeded my expectations. I got a call back almost instantly regarding my call for a tour/date availability questions. We made an appointment for about two days after our initial call. On our first visit we were given a tour by Megan who was extraordinarily sweet and helpful. She gave us a tour of the venue which absolutely took our breath away. It was one of those "you just know" moments the minute we walked in. It is extremely private, tucked away and my daughter even asked if "tinkerbell lives here" after seeing the gardens. We knew it was the place we wanted. An added bonus was that it was a lot less expensive than most of the places in Carlsbad we had looked at. We live in Carlsbad and were trying to stay local, but prices were way beyond our comfort level. Beyond our first impression, I could fill a book with how wonderful the rest of our experience was. Once you book you are assigned what is essentially your "wedding planner" or "wedding assistant" to help you along the way. We were lucky enough to have Julie who is amazing at what she does. I have already suggested that she be nominated for sainthood based on what she deals with. They give you a huge binder with all the information you need to plan your wedding. They tell you time frames for getting things done, when to come back to them for consultation appointments, etc. You have a question they are there. You need help with something they are there. You have a bridal meltdown they are there. Speaking of meltdowns I had my one not so pretty moment while at Twin Oaks. I was so overwhelmed that I broke down crying and drove home (nothing they did, me just doubting myself and stressed). The Manager Sean called me back that afternoon and talked to me for almost 45 minutes. Reassuring me, offering me suggestions and most importantly making me feel like I was not the crazy person I felt like I was becoming. Day of wedding, every where you turned there was someone there making sure every single solitary detail was perfect. Items were placed exactly where I wanted, someone was in the bridal suite pinning my dress, serving champagne. They made sure my veil was perfect when I walked down the aisle, made sure difficult family members remained happy and stayed away from me. Every single one of my guests was fed, attended to and cared for flawlessly. I have had more compliments than I can count about how beautiful the venue was, how tasty the food was (EVERYONE said they "couldn't believe it was wedding food) and how they have never seen such a perfect wedding. The compliments about this place continue to flood in every time I talk to someone that was there.  I owe it all to Megan, Julie, Sean, Christian, Jason and the entire team of people at Twin Oaks. My day was more than I could have possibly dreamed.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/11/2013,7/10/2013,50,47,21,8,5>This is not a place to take your out of town relatives.This is not a place to take a date.This IS a place to go when you are stoned/drunk out of your mind, majorly fiending for Americanized Chinese food, are not interested in the least in nutritional value, and its the end of the month and you have like 13.00 in your bank account.Should you be brave enough to eat in the dining area, you can play fun games like guessing when the carpet was last vacuumed or betting which infant will start crying next.  They made my hot and sour soup and General Tso's chicken very quickly, so also this is a good spot to go if you are in a hurry to meet your dealer.Enjoy!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,7/9/2013,412,229,2,5,3>If you must go fast food, this is a great place!It's a mediterranean style restaurant with kebabs and mediterranean style salads.  They serve organic meats.  They use local sources. I've been happy with the salads I've ordered, hubby has enjoyed their lamb and darling daughter loves their burgers. There is something for everyone!It's a casual place.  Chillin'. I like it because it's healthier than most fast food joints and the staff is very helpful and courteous.Happy hour, too! Offering wine and beer.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/8/2013,212,596,,8,1>Everything I said in my last review remains true.  I feel the need to update because I have decided that Ranchos Las Palmas, while maybe not fancy, is arguably the best Mexican restaurant in Escondido.  That is saying a lot since we have about 2 million Mexican restaurants!  The food, service and prices are outstanding.This visit the husband had carne asada fajitas and I had chicken flautas.  Both were DELICIOUS!  The flavors of the meat are developed nicely and all of the food comes with great accompaniments.  Shredded cheese tops the dishes we've had, as does sour cream, guacamole, salad, etc...  Everything is fresh and tasty.Same server as our last visit gave excellent and friendly service and the food arrives quicklySeriously, you need to go here and now the prices are even better because if you check in on Yelp, you get 20% off your bill!   Eat here.UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE!!!   Went on a Friday night in November and they have Karaoke!!!  HOORAY!  Okay, it's Karaoke in Spanish, but so what!  It's Karaoke!  YEA!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/7/2013,125,417,,2,3>Each time I've eaten here, I'm never disappointed. One time we had their braised beef short ribs (a special) and they were so tender and had such a good sauce drizzled over therm! I've also enjoyed their sweet potato fries (YUM), their mixed berry and goat cheese salad, and their Mac n cheese. You will not be disappointed with anything you order. They also have an extensive wine, beer, and mixed drink list. Definitely check this place out!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/6/2013,833,1178,3,3,3>They should really call it rural pi and not urban pi. Del Mar has a vastly lower population density than surrounding cities and it's not like your going to find gluten free, organic, non gmo, local stuff in a city. You guessed it, you'll find it probably somewhere less populated or rural. I guess Urban rolls off the tongue better and the Pi allusion is quirky. As we know 2012 was more the year of the pizza, so this place is a little late to the game, but what's great about it is it's a real restaurant, more than a simple pizza place. They may not have the fancy oak burning brick oven or sell a ton of craft beers, but when it comes to ingredients like grass fed, non GMO cheeses, local organic salad ingredients, gluten free dough, vegan options. Their pizzas are more of the personal sized versus family shareable. Their salad's are a good size and for 2 people I'd probably share a pizza and each get salad's. Your ingredient options are as abundant on either or both. They usually have a soup of the day. I do not recommend the tomato basil. It's a change of pace to see a chunky and not pureed soup. It's a little overly acidic and they top it with pesto and homemade croutons which is cool, have a side of sliced ciabatta bread as well. The soup tastes more like marinara sauce though. The basil is overwhelming and they have so many impressive items, this is the 1 I can say I did not like. I like the margarita with cilantro and japapeno and although the strawberry mint lemonade is good they offer a hibiscus, pom ice tea sweetened with agave that is more complex and less tart and to me more refreshing. All their beers are organic. All, but 1 of their wine's is organic and all, but 1 is vegan. The last part is less important I think, but I'm not vegan. They solve the too huge a meatball challenge by shredding more manageable flavor pockets before placing on sandwich. The flavor is pretty intense with the marinara and I can see the herbs and spices in the meatballs themselves.In staying with the artisanal motif of the rest of their menu they offer a pi I highly recommend. Nutella, sold. Sweet ricotta, double sold. Walnut brittle, sugar with a house made crust. It's a winner. The flavors are so subtle and good on their own, but combined sings. Reminds me of a crepe, a blintz, a croissant and toffee, but there is still an aftertaste of each element. If they have the butterscotch pudding you should get it. It rivals Blue Ribbon's in Encinitas, but it's a slightly different style. It's not NY style, it's not Chicago style, it's not California style, it's just artisanal healthy pizza for healthy minded people. I found the wooden door handles to be a nice touch, but wished they had a server bring me the food and utencils. The outdoor seating area is nice, but could use more attention from the staff and wish it was more enclosed. I also wish they had more parking. The food is good enough and worth enough of a try for people that I can overlook some of these short comings and pronounce the food to be top notch.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,8/29/2014,210,188,6,10,8>Five stars for Claire's!  Super cute breakfast/brunch spot that is close to the beach and walkable down Cedros.  Sounds good to me!I've been here a couple of times and each visit has been great.  There is usually a wait, but it goes by quickly and there is seating outside.  The restaurant itself has both indoor and outdoor seating, with an adorable patio area.  And it's dog friendly- extra points!The food is great as well, I had the mushroom omelette and potatoes on my last visit.  I ended up finding a small hair on the edge of my plate (thankfully not touching all of my food), and when this was pointed out to the server the manager took the item off of our bill.  I really didn't expect that, but it quickly solved the problem and we left happy.  I've been meaning to try the almond croissant.  Next time!  Delish food, great atmosphere and fab service.  Winner!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/28/2014,255,397,9,10,11>My first trip to Peri-Peri., but not the last.We started with the prawn bisque, and I can say those prawn gave their all for a very noble cause. Started with a velvety coating on the tongue of cream and prawn followed by a delightful light spicy favor.  I love a good bisque and this was wonderful..The came the Prawns Costa del sol.  Also an excellent sacrifice on the prawns part (Thank you).  Nicely cooked and tender with the spicy Peri-peri sauce that was just right.  I considered licking the bowl.  But I didn't' because I am classy like that. The progeny unit ordered the lamb-shank which came with a Israeli style cous cous that was bright pink, soaked in beet sauce.  Beautiful presentation and the meat was falling off the bone tender and the sauce was delicious.It was all good, and our waitress was spectacular!  I didn't get her name but she had a tiny Eiffel tower tattoo on her wrist and she was fast, knew the menu and was very nice.  Looking forward to trying more dishes and welcome to the 'hood!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/27/2014,84,390,6,7,5>This is a very different Filipino food concept. No point point here. It's a cute little restaurant with hip decor. Minimalist, but it works for me. There are some tables across one wall and bar height tables on the other wall. They have some beers on tap and soft drinks available. Have a seat and one of the owners will come by and take your order on an iPad. I thought the food here was worth every penny of the cost. I had the bistek ($8). Delicious. Ordered medium rare, and I got to pick two fresh sides. My son had the pork bbq skewers. He loved it. Devoured the three skewers by inhaling them. He also enjoyed the roasted corn salad. You can't go wrong here with the sides. They want to do a good job here. And it shows. My husband had the veggie ginataan. Again a hit with me. I thought the coconut curry type sauce was to die for. I'd get that next time. And the fact that you can pick brown jasmine rice. That makes it wonderous.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,8/26/2014,154,43,13,9,10>Dolce Pane E Vino is the new characterological litmus test I intend to apply to everyone in my life. The test will be as follows: there will be a mutually agreed upon time in which we meet at Dolce Pane E Vino. We shan't speak until the food I have ordered for us comes out from the kitchen. At this point you will sample the lasagna, the angry chicken, and a pizza. If any of these dishes do not completely blow you away, we have nothing in common and will cease all contact effective immediately. Security will politely escort you out the rear exit and possibly administer a light beating in the parking lot depending on your level of dissatisfaction with the aforementioned dishes. In the interest of integrity, close relatives, childhood friends, and my parents are not exempt. Expect my call soon.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/25/2014,139,190,10,13,10>I shall preface my review with this:  You gotta have some real cojones -- or be downright crazy -- if you're going to slip a word like "rodent" into your restaurant's name.  However, these Wrench & Rodent guys ARE clearly confident in what they do -- and what they do is serve you damn crazy good sushi.  I am incredibly grateful that I stumbled across the place (and for that, again I thank you Yelp).  I love sushi. I've detailed some of the highs and lows of my other sushi adventures in other reviews here.  And while I've been known to enjoy complex rolls, I particularly appreciate the simple elegance of excellent cuts of fine fresh fish, served up simply as nigiri or sashimi.  For that would be, uh, how I roll.The best way you can enjoy W&R is to pull up a seat at the sushi bar, ask Davin (chef AND owner, as best I can tell) what's good this evening, and leave yourself in his capable knife-wielding hands.  This week he offered up incredibly fresh yellowtail, salmon, and toro, served as nigiri; also scallops.  This is sushi so premium it barely needs to caress the surface of your wasabi/soy bowl, so don't you DARE even THINK of dunking it. Further, W&R sushi tends to come with side dabbings of unique accoutrements, like pureed caper and some sort of spicy kumquat. Hey look... my spell-checker says I spelled kumquat correctly.  I don't even think I've ever written that word before.I've been to many a sushi joint where there's a glass case displaying slabs of fish that were cut who-knows-how-long-ago.  Not at W&R: I watched Davin on many an occasion grab a half a fish by the tail and filet away, only a couple minutes before said fish found a happy home in my belly.There's a very decent sake available by the carafe, along with IPAs and other locally-brewed whatnot served up in Mason jars.  While the decor is beyond hipsterific, it's more of the whimsical nature than of the forced-irony variety that you encounter at many a gastropub.  Furthermore, there is no attitude from the staff about how they're better than you (even though judging by what they serve, they ARE in fact better than you).  The servers are very nice, and I think one is Davin's wife.When the check arrives,well, let's put it this way:  elsewhere I've paid double for mediocre sushi and 3x to 5x as much for top-notch stuff of equivalent quality.  W&R, you have my indelible, irrevocable, seal of approval.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/24/2014,47,59,4,9,7>What a difference a couple years make. The last time I was here in 2011 it was just another typical small farmers market. But last week I came here it was quite bustling and they had so many more "quality" vendors this time around. In fact, I thought it was just as good as the bigger hyped ones like Hillcrest & Little Italy. Hillcrest I didn't care for at all it was blah & big nothing special and the vendors there seem to think they're doing you a favor by showing up. And just because they're the "biggest" they think they can price gorge the newbies. It was the 1st time I did not buy a single thing at a FM. Little Italy is just a dirty mess, the sidewalks are so crowded and filthy you have to watch where you're going or you'll bump into someone or some dog I swear I was transported to TJ or something. I wouldn't go there again if it was the only FM in town. Solana Beach is nice & cozy cause it was all in one line so you won't get lost and they have all the cool vendors as the other big ones selling organic meats, pastries, fruits, vegs, eggs, etc they got it. This one Solana Beach on Sunday, Vista, Del Mar on Sat afternoon are my top 3 fav's. Oceanside sunset market & Carlsbad Village are alright if I missed the other 2 on the weekend. Although I read the Leucadia/Encinitas have also grown up to epic proportions so that maybe my new #1 once I make the time to go there.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,8/23/2014,181,102,6,9,5>Not lying - one of the best breakfasts I've ever had in my entire life. EVER. I'm serious you guys.. HOLY SHIT.The husband and I came down to have breakfast with the besties before going to watch the Tigers lose to the Padres (le boo). This place didn't seem anything out of the ordinary until I noticed that everyone was drinking these fabulous looking Bloody Mary's.. So I ordered one and of course it was delicious. But that's not even close to the best part. Once upon a time there was a corned beef hash skillet with hashbrowns underneath it and avocados and cheese on top. And I ate the whole thing. Did I mention that it came with a side of buscuits and gravy? Oh yeah, that happened.My husband was sitting there looking lustfully at my glorious food. (Not that his menu choice wasn't delicious as well, I had just hit the holy grail of breakfast foods and he was damn jealous).I don't think I can type anymore, my mouth is watering and I wish it was breakfast time.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,8/22/2014,328,239,6,8,6>Being that I was born in Oceanside just about every time I can I come to the beach because it reminds me of my childhood. I like Oside beach because of the pier, the parks in the area and tons of parking. This is one of my favortie places to come before work and just relax and listen to the waves, watch the surfer or watch the birds.The Pier is difently a go to because it's so long and plus it has Ruby's Diner at the end which does have some pretty decent food. The pier is also a good place to fish with your family because there is a bait store right on the pier which is convient for fishers. Watch your step because the pier is wood and not always even so you may trip.One of my favorite parks in the area is Tyson street because it's close to the coaster station which has free parking. Also Tyson has some stairs and at the top is this area where you can stand and watch the surfers or whatever else is going on and this is good spot to people watch. There is also a small playground, restrooms and an open grass area here at Tyson. There is also Buccuneer Park a little way down the coast and a park north of Tyson st. also with a playground.The parking can be a little difficult at times but if you know where to park you can find free parking. If you park on the street south of Tyson St. you will find free parking but it's only for about 2hrs or so. Watch out for parking enforcement because they will give you a ticket so just keep up with the time and you'll be cool. There is lots of parking off of Mission near the Dairy Queen but I beleive you have to pay at certain times. Overall Oside beach is not bad just read the signs and you'll have a good time.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,8/21/2014,58,156,3,7,5>Boyfriend & I went here based on reviews on Yelp & they were right:) This place is the best mani/pedi I have had, the place is so nice & clean, decorated very zen like, all their tools are sterilized.  The place is family owned, only been opened about a year and a half soot isn't very well know.  Very small, about 4 manicure tables, 2-3 spa pedicure chairs and a massage room.  The prices are well price, massage prices are cheap.  The employees are very friendly and don't try to sell you extra stuff, they may ask you once if they think you may like something but that is it, no pressure.  I really can't say enough good things about this place & I am picky.  I'm a loyal customer from here on out.  Next I want to try a massage.  Oh, I recommend making an appointment since the place is on the smaller side if you want to make sure you get in when you arrive.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,8/20/2014,212,73,2,8,5>I've come here four times now, and I'm obsessed! For the price I used to pay for one hour-long massage at Massage Envy every month, I can get two full body hour-long massages that are fantastic. If you are looking for frou-frou spa deluxe, this place will not be your jam. However, if you are an athlete looking for a massage that really relieves all those well-worked muscled, get your toned booty over here. Sure the masseuse may answer the phone during your session, but trust me you'll be so relaxed you won't care. The therapists really understand pressure points and are not shy about working all your muscles. The hour long foot massage is actually a full-body massage in super comfy chairs. By the time your hour is up, you'll be trying to figure out the soonest you can get yourself back in that chair. Friendly staff. Walk-ins welcome. Cash preferred, but cards accepted. Check it out, you'll be happy you did!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,10/13/2013,187,331,2,3,2>Though I recently happily discovered Golden Wrench, I decided to give CEA a try based on the reviews and because they specialize in German cars.  I had a list of recommendations from a place I don't trust for more than oil changes and smog tests, and Christina quoted me similar prices.  Once they had the car, they notified us of other issues.  Speaking with Chris, it was easy to get him to understand our priorities, safety and fuel economy, and have him recommend the most pressing repairs.  The car is running like new!  The problem they diagnosed on their own really contributed to the smooth ride.  Chris also performed an adjustment for free when I demurred about increasing the bill, and got something covered under warranty on a 15 year old car!  They cleaned the car inside and out too.Christina had asked me how I heard of them, and I told her I write on Yelp.  I'd like to think she looked me up and saw the parade of Elite badges culminating in the sparkly gold one, but I think they probably treat everyone just as well.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,10/12/2013,124,605,1,3,3>I was debating with our neighbor about what the oldest restaurants still in business are in Encinitas, specifically along El Camino Real.  We came down to three places, Golden Bowl, Round Table Pizza and Borrellis.  Of course, Borrellis has moved around.  My memories are them being in a wood sided building right at the corner of El Camino and Encinitas Blvd. where I think a mattress store and Healthy Back store are now.  Memories.  Anyways, Borrellis is still around, and going strong in their current awkward location in a medical park.  It's been there long enough that locals know it's there, and it still packs in crowds.  I might be skewed, but when I want red sauce Italian, I don't want it smothered in cheese and transformed into a giant fat bomb.  I want the sauce to carry the day, because in the end, it's the sauce that differentiates Italian food.  It could be because my tastes were developed by eating at Borrellis as a child, but this sauce is what I am always looking for.  My go to is the lasagna with meatball.  The lasagna isn't baked for hours so it isn't crusty or covered in greasy cheese.  Its perfectly al dente and smothered in their delicious, tangy, not sweet, sauce.  You still get an order of their excellent garlic bread which is fine on its own, but excels at being used as a tool for sopping up sauce off the plate.  The decor is nothing special, nor has it changed since I was in junior high school.  Prices are low for what you get.  I can't comment on the pizza as I never get it.  Looking at the other reviews, people are picky about pizza styles and I think it's difficult to judge a standard Italian place off of the pizza.  I'm a pasta man myself, and I am a fan of their pasta.  So there's that.  Service is efficient and the Borrelli's family has kept a few of the waitresses for years now, adding to the familiarity of this family run restaurant.  Borrelli's has also been a prime landing spot for a lot of people's first jobs during high school manning the register.  I don't know if it's nostalgia, but on my first visit in 10 years a couple weeks ago, the food and experience of Borrelli's was just as I remembered.  Is it 5 star gourmet?  Of course not.  It's not trying to be a fine dining Italian joint like Vigiluccis tries so hard to be.  It is what it is - a community driven red sauce Italian joint that's family owned and operated.  I see zero reason for anyone living in Encinitas to go to poo poo Buca Di Beppo at the Forum with Borrellis here.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/11/2013,116,206,2,4,3>Step into your DeLorean and wisk yourself back to the classic 50s spot that you see featured in old movies and your grandparents old stories.  If you're looking for a fun treat, this local favorite is sure to please.The main draw is the shakes and soft serve.  Served in the classic style it is as delicious as it is caloric dense.  This is a dieters worst enemy and your taste buds best friend.  The cold treats are classic delights that will make you swoon.  Straight forward and to the point.  The menu is a hug mass of delicious possibilities.  There is something wonderful for everyone.  The food is typical grill food.  There is actually nothing nutritious about it as far as I can see, but this is why I say that it is a treat.  My patty melt was a bit dry, but the chili fries were delicious.  I will be coming back again, and again, and again... you get the idea!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,10/10/2013,107,177,4,6,6>Randomly found this place when making a trip to BevMo.  I was skeptical, I mean this place is in a shopping center next to a scrapbooking store, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Once you walk in you forget you just came from a large shopping center parking lot.Everyone working seemed really passionate about the business and took pride in what they were doing, which is great.  I dont mind spending a little bit more at single location establishments when I get the feeling that the owners truly love what they are selling.The pizza was great.  We went for one of the Artisan pizzas, the Cholula to be exact(Mozzarella, Provolone, Cholula Hot Sauce, Lemon Herb Chicken Breast, Chorizo, Sliced Jalapeños, Red Onion, Shaved Garlic) and it was great.  The crust was absolutely perfectly cooked, and the toppings were the perfect level of spicy without burning your taste buds off.  Also, the size was perfect for my boyfriend and I to split.  So yes, the pizza was $26, but that is $13 a person, which is pretty standard for a dinner entree.When we left my boyfriend said he definitely wanted to come back, and I have no objections.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,10/9/2013,274,427,6,6,5>AHHH the time has come, mandatory smog check, damn u DMV! Oh well.So while I was price hunting, I noticed my wallet was gonna hurt from the check, the renewal... They really know how to get a guy!So I stumbled upon this place and found a coupon for them over the Internet and saw that they had a really affordable check.I got there fairly late but they were still happy to assist. When I presented the coupon, little did I realize that the coupon stated in order to get the price, we needed to pay in cash. BOO! That sucked. Thank gosh I had someone that had cash on them.The process was all fairly quick and they were friendly enough to give me some valuable tips about smog and rules in California. I'd most certainly come back to this place and would recommend to anyone!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/8/2013,140,101,5,6,6>The longer I live in Escondido, the more I fall in love with this place.   I feel like I live in a very awkward romantic comedy; I moved here because it was all I could afford, but as time passes I become more enamored by it.  Maybe it's Stockholm Syndrome?  If it is, Kit Carson Park is like that cool glass of water that's offered by your captors that makes you think "This place really isn't that bad..."Let me start by saying, this place is B I G.  This is probably the largest park I've ever been to (with the exception, obviously, of state parks, etc.  Nit-picker.).  There are a number of baseball fields here, which was all I knew about it before last week.  Our photographer had suggested taking photos there for my littlun's first birthday, and my wife reluctantly agreed to give it a shot.  We stopped by earlier in the day to look for some swings and were delighted to find a set next to a cute, clean little playground by the entrance to the park.  We marveled at how much grass and space was available in the immediate vicinity, but little did we know...We came back later in the day for the the photo shoot, and our guy asked us to meet him in the "Queen Califia" area.  We came in the same entrance as before, and though maybe it was something we had just missed earlier.  After cruising for close to a mile through the streets (in the park!), we finally found our destination, a girl scouts center, a disc golf course, some beautiful photo opportunities and a large mosaic art sculpture that you can run around and play in.  It was the perfect place for taking those photos to capture the wee one's first birthday.  Heck, I might even buy a few frisbees and pick up disc golf; it looked like fun!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,10/7/2013,46,168,2,4,3>Located right outside the Cinepolis theater is pretty convenient because of the crazy high prices for food in the theater.  Also the pizza is pretty good, not excellent but it gets the job done before you head into your movie. Now I have only had two slices of pizza here so I can't really speak to the rest of the menu but as I have mentioned before in previous reviews you can typically judge a pizza place by ordering a slice of plain cheese pizza. If they can do that right then you have a good base to built other types of specialty pizzas. So the crust was thin, good, the sauce was tasty, great, and the cheese was a little bit on the heavy side which made it a tad greasy. Overall a good slice of pie. The second slice was italian sausage which was decent as well, the sausage was not the typical ground up lumps that tastes cheap. It was sliced down sausage links sprinkled over the cheese. I would have liked the sausages to be cut a tiny bit thinner and also spread over the slice a little move even but now we are splitting hairs I guess. It was a good slice, check them out.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,10/6/2013,66,96,4,4,4>Let me say that the 5 stars are strictly for the food, it leaves you wanting more..!Came here about two weeks ago on a Friday night. The place is small and kind of hidden off the strip, which made for about a 45 min wait. I didn't mind the wait since I wasn't on a time schedule and was anticipating a long wait. To kill time I moseyed to the Tavern next door and had a drink as Blue Ribbon calls you on your cell when your table is ready. Got the call at the time said and sat at the bar. Now I love pizza, so I was super excited to be here off some workout buddies recommendation. We started with the fresh calamari salad, which was delightful! Out entree was my favorite adjective, "the epic!" Omg, now the pizzas are small and kind of pricey but I feel I got the most "BANG" for my buck! It came with jalapeños, spicy sausage, mozzarella cheese, goat cheese and pepperoni... Now do you know what I mean!? "Epic!" I washed it down w a nice IPA and was looking forward to dessert. They only offered one dessert, and although I was not sold on the description of butterscotch pudding, but once my taste buds got a hold of it, it was over! I smashed that dessert. The portions are smaller than normal, so my advice is if your super hungry get your own pizza and share with someone else. Be prepared to wait but it will be worth it. Enjoy.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,10/5/2013,144,615,5,7,5>You might have to use your Ninja skills to sneak in here to get when the getting is good.  Why?  Because Yoshino's opens around 10:30am and start serving their super fresh sushi and poke.  When its gone, its gone.  If you arrive in anticipation of some of San Diego's finest sushi and find a sign on the door that says, "Closed, Sold Out" you should interpret that sign as "Closed, You Missed Out."So this no frills tiny store front features an adorable husband and wife team working in a small space to make poke bowls and sushi.  You'll find your sushi options in the deli case/glass front refrigerator and you'll find some ohh-sooo-yummy sea weed salad too.  The poke bowls are supposed to be super amazing but I haven't seized that opportunity yet.  There isn't much seating here so you may want to plan to take your meal to go.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,10/4/2013,327,309,5,11,5>What a great spot to enjoy some of the best food in [barely] North San Diego County! Classy and casual at the same time, plus a great place to enjoy a quiet dinner with that special someone~LOCATION: Carmel Valley - Ocean ViewBAKED GOAT CHEESE - Perfect amount for 4 people and so awesome! Roasted garlic delicately placed between each of the crostini that was nestled in the goat cheese and massive amounts of pesto.CRISPY DUCK CONFIT Split (+5 for any split plate) - Tender, falling off of the bone but a tiny bit dry. Served with seasonal local veggies - the SNAP PEAS WERE MY FAVORITE PART! SERVICE - The service here is really top notch and they were really awesome about the Restaurant.com gift certificate I needed to use. WINE - Fabulous wine list at all price points. We chose a bottle (Spanish Red) around $40 and were not disappointed - quite the opposite!TOTALLY WORTH THE $$$ - Great view of the sunset from the enclosed patio seating - WILL DEFINITELY RETURN!!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,10/8/2014,118,30,5,12,4>This Chinese massage place is better than the rest in North County and I'll tell you why...If you've frequented many of the new Chinese massage parlors popping up in North County SD you'll know what to expect. No frills, quiet private room, stronger, deep tissue massages. This one is just like that but better!First star: there's a check-in deal with Yelp; check-in get $10 off the 90 min combo massage (regularly $70, includes 60 min body massage, 30 min foot massage). I love deals so there's the first star. 2nd star: I called at 4:05pm on a Sunday for a last minute 4:30pm appt, 90 min massage. No problem, booked and with my Yelp deal confirmed over the phone. Yay!3rd star: The rooms are private, dimly lit, with a pillow roll for under your feet (I like) and a small single sheet to put over your body. Comfortable. You get as naked as  the day you were born and get ready for your epic massage.4th star: The masseuse comes in and uses a shit-ton of oil, more than I've ever had used at any other Chinese massage parlor (which is fine because they clean it off with a warm cloth later), but then she breaks out these awesome HOT STONES! Now, I know these are commonly used in massage, but never in my bargain Chinese massage parlor experiences have I ever had these used and without any extra cost. It felt like...heaven! She focused extra long on my neck and back like I asked, and man did it help get out all those knots. Next she used this awesome grapefruit scented lotion stuff on my face and neck. I've never had a facial in my massage so that was nice! 5th star: After the open-handed, cuppy slap on my feet and thighs, universally signaling the end of the massage I paid my fee ($60, a steal for 90 min!!) and then tipped her $15 for a job well done. They gave me a frequent  customer punch card and noted her name was Ima. Thanks Ima! I went in to forget all the problems I came in with and the massage did the trick. I will definitely be going again soon!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,10/7/2014,137,212,6,7,5>One cannot find a front office staff more personable, caring and kind. The women who work in the front are AMAZING!!Dr. Cole is who I see and I am very happy with the level off are I receive from him. He has treated three areas with me : face, feet, and ankle--I have weird sensitive skin that was not truly addressed my two previous dermatologists. :(Initially when my primary care doctor had to refer me to a dermatologist he gave me several doctors' names and their office locations. He told me that Dr. Chen, though located in Scripps Ranch, was right off of the freeway and in so many words, told me that going out to Scripps Ranch was worth the drive. I made my appointment pretty last minute as I have a very hectic work schedule and wanted to get into see the dermatologist sooner rather than later (within the week) I was able to see Dr. Cole. LOVE HIM!! Dr. Cole is also worth the North San Diego commute.Note: I live close to downtown SD but commute up north (and will continue to do so) as long my insurance allows me to have Dr. Cole.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,10/6/2014,306,241,5,5,6>IN TUNE is inside the Sola Salon Studios!! Super easy to find and this place and Kristina rocks!!  We are so excited for her new salon and we were in line to be one of her first customers to follow her from that yucky other place!!  Thank you for giving us bomb cuts and rockin style!!  If you want amazing color, edgy cuts and friendly service- she is pretty much your gal for it all!!The salon is very clean, great restrooms and easy parking!! We heart In Tune!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,10/5/2014,149,222,5,6,7>Love it here! They have the best salmon and fish dishes for dinner! My family and  I had our Mother's Day brunch here this year and it was fabulous! My sister in law always gets the Captain Crunch French toast which is what is served as the kids French toast. Yum. I usually get the egg white omelet with asparagus, goat cheese and spinach I think. No wheat toast but they have brioche. The mimosas are he and keep flowing. My brother had a benedict and was very happy. The side of fruit included everything, berries and pineapple not just the cheap version of melon and grapes :)Everyone was happy and for Mothers day, brunch was only $19 incl unlimited mimosas which was a deal. You could nix the champs and pay $12 or order a coffee cocktail or a Bloody for extra. The best selection of wine, some really nice bottles and they have a high end locked up case which has some great vino too. Can't beat this great restaurant. Oh, nice and attentive staff, and clean as usual. I come periodically to grab a glass of wine in the eve too. Love the couch and the bar is usually hopping but you can always get a drink and squeeze into a bar spot.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/4/2014,133,389,2,9,7>My first love; Before I knew a thing about beer, before I even knew I would end up loving beer to this degree... there was Stone.The gardens are even more enjoyable now after the remodel, with plenty of shady spaces, nooks, and crannies to creep into and lounge around on, beer in hand.The brewery tour is comprehensive and definitely worth the wait if you have the time one day. Just make sure you get there early to make sure you have a space. We waited for the first tour of the day once and there was a line outside the door before they even opened. Plan ahead! Free tasters await at the end of the tour.The kegs are also very reasonably priced. We got a pony keg of Arrogant Bastard for my last graduation party for under $100. So much beer. So much win.I wouldn't, however, dine here. Stinky cheese plate, maybe... but know you aren't getting the most bang for your buck. Chicken schnitzel was unremarkable, and the same can be said for the duck tacos. Overpriced, in our eyes, so we simply choose to pass on the food and enjoy everything else Stone has to offer and what they do best--beer.The boyfriend worked an event here many years ago, and decided to bring home a growler. He met Greg in the process, who so graciously offered to pay for the growler and fill. Incredibly thoughtful!And while my heart my stray to the aroma and lure of other breweries, there will always be a small spot for Stone.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,10/3/2014,222,207,6,6,5>their chicken soup is as good as advertised. hands down the best in town.don't let the small location or less-than-stellar parking dissuade you, because their food (aside from their signature chicken soup) really is top-knotch. i've definitely learned to call ahead of time for pick-up on a rainy day to order their soups because the whole town knows that rain is synonymous with Lourdes' chicken soup. and the value is great! for $6, you get a hefty order of the soup (broth, onions, avocados, cilantro, rice, & white meat chicken) as well as your choice of four or corn tortillas to go with it. make sure you stock up on their salsa and other sides at the salsa bar!i hope they add more locations outside of escondido because as i said, the line can get a little long and their dining area isn't that huge, probably enough seating for 20 people max. i know they have a location off El Norte Pkway in a Shell gas station i believe (which is also very small). and on rainy days, the parking in their extremely small lot can get a little full, meaning you'll have to park on the street on Escondido Blvd or on 7th. in the rain (which is one of the reasons i can't give Lourdes 5 Stars). other than that, enjoy!-civilities.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/2/2014,778,1343,7,9,9>Such an interesting experience! I would have never gone to watch and bet for any horse in my life if it wasn't thanks to a Yelp invitation and, believe me, I loved this old school type of place, scenario and atmosphere experience. I put a pretty floral dress on and a cute blue hat to match with the ladies and the crowd... even if the crowd was via TV and the ones in the Surfside VIP area where we were seating had a much more casual approach to fashion. My boyfriend didn't know about dress code so showed up in cords summer style and old diesel shirt;) Still, no protocol needed and I like that lack of super formality that I was expecting.We ladies got showered with a rose upon arrival, a super cool bag of goodies gentilesse of Yelp and great friendly service. It was a learning experience for us as we were not familiar with racing, bet terminology and was the first time for both of us to heard about Kentucky derby. Very interesting and fun. I got the eggs Benedict and he got the burger and share some beers. We liked spending the morning and afternoon there and watching the horses outside as well as the professional horse riders. The closest I have ever been to these beautiful animals!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,10/1/2014,1060,798,7,8,9>Happy days are here again -- a hair/nail/makeup salon that is open 7 days a week!!  In LA I could never get my hair done on a Sunday or Monday, but not so with La Costa.The hairdressers are the best:  Jackie, Steven, Christina and Lora are the ones I visit.  The place is cheerful, beautifully decorated, the service is excellent and efficient and they're almost never late.  It's a calm, soothing environment.  Plus they'll bring ya a glass of wine if you want.  If you come at a meal time, you can order from the Bistro 65 restaurant on site and they'll deliver to the salon.They also have a great little clothing section, with really fun stuff, summer casual long dresses, workout stuff, pajamas, etc., and also beauty products.Not your cheapest place but the value is there, as far as I'm concerned.  Usually $50 for a shampoo and blowdry, $35 for an express manicure, more if you want the whole treatment.  The employees are so friendly and very helpful, and my dog Joey has the run of the place.There are valets if you want to park your car (complimentary; just give a tip), which is very convenient, but they also have self parking not far from the Spa.Great place, La Costa.  The Spa has been voted #1 in the nation.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,9/30/2014,82,283,6,11,7>Really loving this place! We usually make the drive to Solana Beach fish house for our fish taco fix but the Fish Shop blows them and Fish 101 out of the water. The fish is extra fresh and there's tons to choose from. So far we've tried the halibut, TKO (mahi), and the ahi with the fish shop seasoning. You can't go wrong with either. Portions are decent sized and all the tacos are around $5 bucks a pop. The shrimp ceviche is tasty too and they garnish it with big wedges of fresh avocado. Yummm! Plus they have a great selection of ever-changing local beers on tap! They already had 2 new ones today since we were there last- Mother Earth Cali Cream ale and the Societe Apprentice. The patio and outdoor bar is beachy and summery, perfect for Encinitas. Best place and atmosphere for fish tacos by far!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,9/29/2014,268,99,6,7,10>Somehow we always end up at the pier. I love this place. A lovely romantic stroll towards Ruby's is like finding a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Friendly, fast service and yummy food - a winning recipe for any touristy place. I love the peppermint milkshake and since moving here wasn't able to find this anywhere. So I enjoyed every drop.  The cod fillets and chips were yummy too and all portions are so generous. We come here all the time. Perfect for date night or late night cravings :)I love the Ruby's theme in all their stores. It's like a blast from the past. I always go here and I always will. For an uncomplicated fun time, this place is awesome.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,11/17/2014,151,125,5,10,6>Finally downtown Oceanside is getting some new additions. This area of Coast Hwy is blowing up with ale houses/restaurants. Bagby Beer Company won't have to worry about surrounding competition. I have tried the surround "hot & new" spots, but none are like this. It's a brewery, so of course the focus is the beer...as it should be. 2 huge digital beer menus above the taps that feature their own brews and many local favs. Great open layout plus rear patio seating and upstairs. Service is great and they seem to know their stuff when it comes to the suds. Tried the chips & salsa w/guac(highly recommend the guac). Chicken wings have this sweet tangy sauce that features a kick after a few chews. Baja tacos is where it's at- not drenched in sauce and not dried out either. That's tough to find it seems like. The grilled cheese is not your typical stove top 3am drunken creation either. I'm talkin Brie/arugula/thin sliced green apple/honey Dijon. I know...you would order it too. There was a downfall with their fries. Steak-cut, but flavorless and kinda soft. Maybe it's one of those kinks in a new business. Either way, I highly recommend this place. I think these surrounding restaurants should expect this place to run the block. I'm definitely coming back. Cheers
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,11/16/2014,435,249,7,16,11>I love this place. It's like a little piece of my asian american heritage followed me to the valley in oceanside. It's a mom and pop boba tea place. They have milky frost there, and I love getting it with red beans. What I love most though are the two people that run it behind the counter- they speak cantonese and I come to this place often just to practice my chinese. I don't know why or how they ended up starting a shop in OCEANSIDE, where I was pretty sure I would never use my cantonese. Of course I am excited about this place... plus I can have a great boba drink!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,11/15/2014,272,133,6,8,7>Oceanside NEEDED this place so badly. I love the decor, and the open layout of this place. I sat at the bar on a beautiful afternoon for happy hour. I was with 2 friends, we shared the free chips and salsa with my check in, (score!) and ordered the ahi tuna poke, which was very fresh and delish!! We each ordered a taco, I had the smoked fish taco, which was tasty and different than anything I've had before. My friends had the mahi mahi, and the smoked pork belly, and I didn't hear one complaint! I really enjoyed this place, and can't wait to come back for a proper dinner, because I'm hooked!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,11/14/2014,529,620,7,9,9>Shout out to John for making my girls beautiful! I love my blinged out toes. I like my nails and feet blinged-out and bright...I just live out loud that way. Lol, I'm very particular about nail art on my nails and feet; most salons just draw your typical $5 flower and call it a day. Oh how that makes me yawn. That said, I've been on a mission for the BEST local nail art technician for my monthly pedi. I drive 1 hour away for nails, so I've got that covered. Yelp had decent reviews for the Nails Club, so I thought I'd give them a try. I called before driving over to find out who the go to person was for blinged-out extravagant nail art. The immediate response was that I needed to talk to John. He told me to bring a picture in of what I wanted and he would do the best he could to mirror the design on my toes. When I walked in he remembered our phone conversation and got right to work on my pedicure. I like that he took his time and put extra effort into the type of nail art I requested. He was very meticulous about the application of the bright pink gel polish I chose as well. Extra bonus for the black, white, & silver zebra stripes he free handed at the end. Needless to say - I think John had got himself a new pedicure groupie.Shine bright like a diamond!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,11/13/2014,43,19,3,15,18>Manicure/pedicure is necessary at least after a couple of weeks and I am very conscious about that. Del Mar is visited by me regularly and I am very impressed with the services they are doing there. Megan is keeping their standards up and everyone there is great with the work and with the dealing with the customers.I love their work and Its a good place for manicure/pedicure.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/12/2014,246,282,15,13,12>Oh Healthy Creations, "Get Thee In My Body"!!!This Yelper is  seriously super duper STOKED to finally find this place. It's located in a strip mall on El Camino, in the same shopping center as a Greek Restaurant and Tropical Fish Store. For years I've been dropping my wad up the street at Jimbos. Shah, you know what? When you keep eating at the SAME freaking healthy deli day in and day out it starts to feel like a darn charity f***! I mean, don't get me wrong, the delis at Jimbos and Sprouts are fantastic, but, well, I get bored and variety is truly the spice of life. Sprouts is reasonably priced, Jimbos is off the hook expensive, and Healthy Creations is right in between! I'm committed to eating  C L E A N during my training week and am always open to new and exciting places to honor what goes into my system!So it took me a couple of drive by's to finally find the awesome HC. What more can I say but it was well worth the wait. One the first go round I picked up a hella awesome Raw Vegan Pizza made with a crust of chia seeds, pesto, and spinach. I swore I'd only eat half but the next thing I knew this brilliantly delicious creation was a GONE! The next go round it was Panini time. Wait? Say What? Can Panini's be healthy? You bet your damn bootaaaay they can be when they come from this place!!! The Twisted Reuben was outstanding and gluten and nitrate free, LOVE!!! If you don't like gluten free breads that also have wraps and fresh whole grain breads.  Their winner, winner, chicken dinner sandwich is their Smoked Turkey, Brie, and Spinach Panini. Who would've thought something so darn yummy could actually be good for you?What keeps me coming back here like, every day? Why Healthy Creation's "Green Goodness" Smoothie, made with kale, spinach, dandelion, celery, cucumbers, and apples! I can't surf without having this brilliant beverage in my body. It gives me so much energy! When you don't have time to eat your greens you can always drink them!The service here has always been friendly, knowledgeable, helpful and downright spot ON! They even have pre-prepared take home meals and entrees, whee! Call ahead if you're in a rush and they will gleefully have your order waiting for you!There are those who balk about the prices here and, well, blah, blah, blah. Here's the deal breaker...Going to the hospital is a helluva lot more expensive so you better take honor and care of your body, like N O W.Why? Because in the words of Michael Jackson, "Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation."Long LIVE Healthy Creations!!!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,11/11/2014,101,144,9,16,15>It's official, I have found my favorite Acai bowl. I had to have it twice to be sure. After this second visit, I am crowning the Beach City Acai Bowl as my favorite. Why? First off, the acai sorbet that they use is the perfect balance of taste and texture. It's not overly sweet. I could easily eat it all by itself and be content. However, it's definitely the toppings that makes this bowl oh-so-heavenly. It consists of: granola that contains sunflower seeds, coconut shavings, banana slices, strawberries, blackberries, mango slices, and the kicker: mini chocolate chips. Last but not least, they generously drizzle honey all over the top. It is so delicious. In fact, I'm craving it right now......I have been to 7 other places (mostly in North County) and this place has the best. For reference, here is my current acai bowl ranking:1: Beach City Smoothies2. Juicers 3. SD Blenders 4. Sambazon5. Mission Beach Coffee Break6. The Solana Beach Coffee Co7. Robeks8. bBar Superfood Vitality BarIf you've had Beach City Smoothies' acai bowl and have found a similar or even better one in the San Diego area, please let me know. This place is a little too far from me, but I will come back just because they have my favorite.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,11/10/2014,42,157,4,9,6>I've been here twice now and this place is amazing. They do have live music and the band they had was actually really good! As far as apps go I've only had one and it is sooo good.. Goat Toast baby!!! It was a great small dish with the roasted tomatoes and it was perfect. I could have eaten it all day haha.The spiced cilantro fries are amazingly delicious. I am a cilantro fiend though so I couldn't ask for a better batch of fries. Hot. Crispy. Seasoned perfectly!The Reuben sandwich was orgasmic. The rye bread was amazing. The meat was tender and cut thick. Overall, it was a superb sandwich. You should definitely try it out if you enjoy a good Reuben!The Richie Rich Kobe is expensive. But it is also very good. It's unfortunately the only burger on their menu. I wish they had more!They had the jalapeño and bacon Mac and cheese last time I went there. My friend got it and I had to try it.. Not too shabby! And they absolutely fill your plate up like crazy!Overall, I freakin love this place. The service has always been amazing. I've been amazed by the food, the music, and the service... and I will definitely continue to return here. Just a warning though... sometimes the wait is extremely long so be prepared for it on Fridays and Saturdays.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,11/9/2014,144,615,17,10,7>I had so much fun here I almost peed in my pants!  Or wait, I did, but just a little.  :-)While most of the reviews for Get Air Vista are from the perspective of parents who took their children there, my review is based on an outing I had with seven "girls" ages 25 to 35 years young.  I think my experience at Get Air is best summed up by comparing the experience my group of "girls" had versus the perceived experience of the kids around us.Kids:  Prepare by just getting super excited for a trip to Get Air!Adults:  Review the safety video four times. Wrap sensitive body parts in ace bandages.  Put insurance card in wallet. Read terms and conditions of online waiver carefully. Kids: Arrive at Get Air, yank off their shoes and enthusiastically head for the trampolines.Adults: Take off shoes and then be creeped out that we had to walk 50 ft. across a black rubber floor that was wet in some places.  Ewww.  Leave your germaphobe friends at home.Kids:  "Wow, this looks like fun.  There are kids running in every direction and bouncing all over the place!"Adults:  "Wow, this is chaos.  What is the traffic pattern here?"Kids:  Enthusiastically leap onto the trampolines!Adults: Go pee, warm up, stretch, pee again and then ask the trampoline referees about the traffic pattern.Kids:  Jump on the trampolines, soar into the foam pits, attempt dodgeball all while laughing and smiling.Adults: Jump on the trampolines, soar into the foam pits, attempt dodgeball all while laughing and smiling.Kids:  Bummed that their time on the trampolines is up.Adults:  "Phew, we made it the whole hour!  Let's go get cocktails."The bottom line is that we all had tons of fun at Get Air!  We "listened to our bodies" and were sure to be aware of the kids around us.  We're all wanting to go back and especially looking forward to Get Air rolling out "adult swim" and their trampolie aeroibics class!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,11/8/2014,59,90,9,14,14>My sister forced me to try her new favorite pizza place.  I'm a Lefty's fan and quite the pizza snob but I agreed.  Blaze is located at the Carlsbad Outlet next to Starbucks.  For a mere $7.45 you can build your own pizza!  I was hooked.  They also have a gluten free crust for an additional $2.00.The entire experience was very pleasant.  The employees are wonderful and the pizza is delicious.  And if it isn't, it's your own fault for picking the wrong ingredients!They also have smores cookies which were ok.  I like more chocolate and marshmallow in my shoes but the Graham cookie was the main ingredient in their version.I'm looking forward to my next pizza creation!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,4/11/2014,302,349,6,8,6>Loved the classes! I usually don't like hot yoga but Yoga Six changed my mind.Love the location- clean, modern, and the rooms are not too hot.Really like the classes- instructors are helpful and encouraging.Very convenient! Will be coming back for more.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,4/10/2014,179,454,6,9,7>I have to say for a first time, I liked it. Located in an industrial area, it works for them. Parking can be interesting, but that's the sign of a good business. We walked in and were greeted pretty quickly. With 20 local beers on tap, it was nice to see. It really showcases what's out there in San Diego, which I appreciate a lot. I went with a Karl Strauss - Bleke Citroen Belgian Pale, which was great. Slightly hoppy for me (probably not for hop heads though, so think of it as a first beer of the night if you're into hops). Nicely chilled and worked we.There is plenty of seating. It definitely had a very local feel as a lot of people knew each other and were enjoying the conversation. If you were hungry, there was a spread from Alberto's outside and for 5 bucks, you could enjoy the grub. There was even a bulldog that came around and greeted everyone. 6 dollars for a pint seems a bit steep, but you can get a dollar off if you buy one of their logo pint glasses. Depends on if you look at this more as a bar or a tasting room I guess.For good service, a fun atmosphere and tasty local beer, give this place a try.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,4/9/2014,82,283,2,9,5>Finally checked this place out and I was very impressed with all the beers. We tried the blonde ale, hefeweizen, Belgian saison, and the IPA. They were all smooth and had great flavor, I couldn't decide which one I liked best. They also have these neat 64oz pouches that they fill up with beer, a nice alternative to glass growlers. Pretty cool, I would definitely come back here again.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,4/8/2014,435,300,2,11,8>A great, wholesome place for kids to have fun. Brought my daughters and one of their friends here this weekend and they had a good time. There are two fees associated with painting:Studio fee- $6 for children 12yo and under, $10 for adultsFee for the actual piece- ranging from $12-$$$Check out their calendar because they often have specials where they cut the studio fees in half one way or another. I didn't catch one of those deals but prices were still reasonable. The 3 girls picked very reasonably priced pieces and with studio fee I was in for about $75. This might seem expensive for some pretty poorly painted plates but on the contrary. Because my girls were older I just dropped them off until they were ready to be picked up. They spent about 3hrs painting and that makes for about $25/hr for 3 girls. ;) Not bad for tween entertainment. The reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars is the staff is usually very young and customer service is not bad but not superior. The physical space is also a bit small and uneasy to move about with so many breakables around. Also, no Amex!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/7/2014,132,184,6,9,7>My review here is for lunch only.I've been to Sushi Yama 4 or 5 times for lunch since getting a job in the Escondido area and I think I've settled on this place being my Friday sushi spot.It's nice and easy to find on the corner of Escondido Blvd and Woodward. The restaurant is clean and decorated well. The service a straight five out of ten. No one is rude but no one really goes out of their way to be friendly either. You can ask someone who's not your server for some help and you're sure to get your stuff pretty quickly.The fish is good quality. I've had better, but I've had worse for sure (see my review of Sushi World in Dallas). One of the best things about Yama is at the top of the rolls menu, they have 8-10 rolls that are half off. These aren't hastily made, crappy  Cucumber rolls, but actual big, good, flavorful rolls with actual fish inside and on top. When I order my lunch, I'll get two nice, big rolls for about $15. If I'm feeling super tubby that day, I'll even order a handroll to finish my meal off. Not too many places you get get fat on sushi for $20.The one odd thing is that pretty noticeable is that this is almost a 100% Mexican staff. I'm not saying these guys can't make sushi...they can and it's good. I'm just saying it's odd to walk into a sushi joint and hear Spanish being spoken behind a sushi joint. Much the same as it would be to walk into Roberto's and hear some Japanese or Korean.Check it out. It's good and it's affordable.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/6/2014,65,57,4,10,6>Yay for tricking my mouth into eating healthy! I have been patronizing the Santa Monica and the Hawthorne locations of Veggie Grill for a long time now. I am really excited about our local opening, and found my way there the first weekend it opened. There were many trainees as you would expect, but the service did not falter. We had the Kale Salad, Burger "El Dorado" Style, and the Chiken Sandwich. What gets me about Veggie Grill is how impressive of a job they do with mimicking chicken. I brought my garbage compactor of a teenage son a chiken sandwich, and he devoured it without hesitation and could not believe it was not real chicken. Veggie Grill also offers great tea options. They have many options that are exploding with flavors.Veggie Grill is vegetarian done right.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,4/5/2014,783,978,6,9,7>I am drinking a very stiff double tall vodka soda during HH $11! And my kids are playing within 15 ft of me ... Best bar ever!this is the lobby bar at the legoland hotel.  in the morning it is a coffee & pastry bar...in the evening they serve cocktails and food. The play area for the kids is in the same room...but at the other end...we can sit, drink, eat while the kids run around playing with legos in the lego themed castle...i might spend this friday night here even though i'm not staying at the hotel!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,4/4/2014,151,125,4,7,7>This place was the first stop on my local brewery/brew house visits. What a great start!Plenty of parking in front and back. Located right off Vista way, very easy to find. Seems kinda dive-ish when you first walk in, but the cleanliness and menus posted up make it feel more worthy. The beer menu is somewhat short for a brew house, but they offer a good mix of local brews that could appeal to anyone.Typical pub style menu- burgers, fries, salads, nachos...etcHowever, their quality of food is definitely better than your typical pub/bar. Went with the "TJ" burger- regular burger with jalapeño and avo. Very fresh tasting and great portion size. Cajun fries were a bit too Cajun covered, but were still golden, crispy, and delicious. In addition, tried the chicken tortilla soup...now why can't most Mexican food restaurants make a frigging chicken tortilla soup as good as this one? Seriously! Anyway, 1 star knocked off for the short beer list and Cajun shaking happy guy in the kitchen. But, I will be back. I highly recommend the soup and the Nut Brown.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,4/3/2014,247,232,6,11,5>Such a small quaint family owned garden! Now don't think it's a botanical garden with acres of flowers and rare plants from Norway. But this secluded little place is hidden deep with the valleys of Oceanside and Bonsil. My fiancé and I came here for an open house wedding event and it is such the perfect space for a small outdoor wedding. Willow trees, waterfalls, a gazebo and even a couples swing! The trees are already wrapped in yellow christmas lights, lights are strung around the open reception area, tiki torches light the pathways so at night it's the perfect glow for a romantic setting. The price is a combo of reception and wedding and it's a great deal especially that you have the WHOLE place to you and your guest. It's like having a backyard party in someone's backyard with no neighbors! And the have a bar where you can byob but you'll need to pay for security...can't have no drunkies wrecking things.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,4/2/2014,408,486,2,22,11>Thanks to Yelp mentioning Royal India's weekday lunch buffet in the newsletter, I discovered an awesome spot near my house. Although I frequent the next-door Vons, I had never been to Royal India. I've only tried Indian a handful of times and am never quite sure what to order. This buffet was the perfect opportunity to a try a few things and figure out what I like.The lunch buffet costs $10 and gives you all-you-can-eat access to two varieties of rice, several sauces and a handful of other items. I can't recall the names of everything but looking at the menu listed online, I'm guessing these were some of the items: onion bhaji, aloo tikka and palek paneer. my personal preference was the chicken tikka masala on top of basmati rice. The sauce was rice and creamy and had a lot of chunks of chicken. They also bring fresh baked naan to your table.The decor of the restaurant was nice and had a very elegant vibe. Service was quick and the buffet was always stocked with fresh food, despite the restaurant being relatively busy.I noticed a fellow Yelper had commented that they missed the $10 for $20 Yelp deal but it was back on the site today. Great deal...be sure to take a look and see if it's offered when you go.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,7/25/2012,200,189,1,6,4>I really like this place! I think you'd consider this "American Chinese" cuisine, but it's delicious nonetheless. The restaurant is very clean, warm atmosphere, decorations are really tasteful and pretty, staff is friendly, and service is FAST. My mom and I were recently here for dinner, and had our food fresh and hot at the table in what seemed like five minutes after ordering. The Hunan Chicken Strips are really good, as is the Ma La Three Flavor. Both the House Fried Rice and the Shrimp Fried Rice are good as well. Spicy Honey Chicken, extra spicy, is also really tasty and good quality meats and veggies.The prices might seem a bit high, but the portions are really big. One order of fried rice, one order of lo mein, spicy honey chicken, and sweet and sour pork have served as dinner for my boyfriend and I for going on 3 days now. I guess that might seem gross, but at least you know 3 days in the fridge and it still tastes good! haha
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,7/24/2012,175,213,3,3,3>Came here today after a hike with some friends. We ordered a white pie with bacon on half, garlic knots and fried zucchini sticks. Everything was delicious! The pizza seriously hit the spot, the texture was so good and crunchy and greasy. The garlic knots were kind of greasy as well smeared with lots of garlic, it was so delicious dipped in some marinara sauce. This was the first time I tried fried zucchini and all I can say is that I've been missing out! This place is kind of hidden in Poway in a small shopping center but I would definitely recommend it! The service was quick and friendly as well!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,7/23/2012,22,53,5,5,5>This was our first actual meal here (we came to a pre-opening function a few weeks ago), and it occurred on their second day in business (I believe they opened on the 23rd).  I had two kids with me and no wife, but I was confident because the portable DVD player was in effect.  I was hoping to be able to down a couple of beers and catch up on my iPhone addiction, but alas the DVD player lost its charge and I had to actually engage with my children over a meal...darn.  I was so jealous of the nice couple directly behind me who enjoyed their entire meal without saying a word to each other, but were face down in their smart phones the whole time!I digress, the meal started with a lukewarm tap beer (the glass was cold, but the beer wasn't).  The server went through the beers they didn't have, and the list included the one beer i really wanted.  I chalk both of these up to new opening issues.  I ordered the hummus which came with pesto, bell peppers and cucumbers with pizza crust to dip.  There were only 4 pizza crusts, so my kids ate two, and I had to fend them off the others (they didn't have any hummus though).  My recommendation would be to double the pizza crust for dipping.  I didn't ask for more, but it would have been cool to have them. My 3 year old son had the pasta (rotini) with a giant meatball and it was way too much pasta, but he did polish off the meat.  My daughter had the cheese kids pizza and she ate half of it.  I had the pizza whose name I cannot recall, but it had goat cheese, peppers, sweet red onions.  The onions were not "sweet" but were typical red onions.  I like onions, so I was cool, but it was not as advertised.  The pizza that I ordered was the same size as my daughter's, and I ate it all no problem.  I had to ask for pepper/cheese (this should be compulsory right?).  The server missed my empty beer until it was too late to order another. I asked for the check and the damage with tip was $50.  I will be back, but I look forward to them working out some of their kinks.  The place was very crowded and everyone was smiling ergo the 4* rating.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2011,7/22/2012,20,123,1,6,3>3.5 starsReally torn on whether this place deserves 3 or 4 stars. I appreciate the unique menu, it is very refreshing to have unique and gourmet options at lunch time instead of a deli sandwich or Mexican food. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is nice. My only complaint would be that the food isn't as good as you expect it's going to be, I mean it's not bad but it's not great either...I am torn on whether or not I think it's worth the price you pay for it. Also when I ordered the trip tip and the turkey they both came out luke warm at best. Overall this place is decent and I am glad it I have the option of something "different" for lunch.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,7/21/2012,101,659,2,3,2>Kick Butt (insert sad pork butt joke here) BBQ in a mobile truck? Say it isn't so!The staff here was also VERY friendly and helpful. And I gotta say, putting BBQ pulled Pork and MacNCheese in a grilled sandwich is an idea that should be recorded in the history books! YUM YUM YUM! Thanks Guys!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,7/20/2012,8,97,,2,2>RB Sushi is my go-to sushi spot in North County. The service is awesome. The servers have headsets and work together to ensure all the tables have been serviced. We usually go on Monday or Friday nights - they have specials of 30-40% off sushi rolls those nights. Otherwise, we get all you can eat for $25/person for dinner. Overall, I'd say the prices are reasonable even at full price, but when they have specials we've dined for just $25 with 4 rolls and a seaweed salad. Great deal!My favorite rolls are:-Tommy -Spicy Crunch-Dragon-Spicy tuna hand roll (they stuff so much tuna in that roll)I love their seaweed salad. For dessert, try the tempura green tea ice cream. It's delicious. Atmosphere is great. It's dark, almost intimate but families can dine here too. It can be casual or dressy. Lots of sake and Japanese beer. They have a few cocktails with Japanese liquor. I wish they'd expand a bit more so I can have a mojito.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,7/19/2012,127,103,4,6,5>This is an awesome Sushi spot! I usually come and get the Chronic Roll because it's loaded with deliciousness. It's like a getting a Big Mac from McD's, Funnel Cakes at Carnivals, and drinks during Happy Hour. It's something you HAVE to get when you come to The Fish Joint.Also, here's an interesting fact. Every time I walk in, the paintings they display on the walls always seem to change. I never really paid attention, but I subconsciencely thought the room was different every time and the reason behind that is because it does. Local artists or artists come in to display their art and it could potentially get sold. That was a bit mind boggling and I had to soak in how awesome that was.The Fish Joint FTW!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,7/18/2012,61,323,2,6,3>I've been coming here for several months, and so far, haven't had a bad experience.  The food is consistently very good... I come here with my wife and we usually get the same thing every time - I get the BBQ tri-tip and she gets the chicken-fried steak.  The tri-tip is supposedly 1 lb., but it always seems to be more than that  The BBQ sauce is home-made and amazing... I wish they would bottle it and sell it!  The chicken-fried steak is always perfectly cooked and the gravy is awesome.   As far as sides go, the mac and cheese is probably the best I've had, and the hush puppies are fantastic.  We tried the fried okra as a starter once, and it was great! (it's the only time I've tried it, so I don't have much to compare it to).For desserts, both the bread pudding and banana pudding are amazing... better than I've had anywhere.  This place has become a regular spot for us, and will continue to be.  With such great food and service, this place is a winner for sure.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,7/17/2012,408,486,,5,1>I can't believe that I hadn't written a review of the Taste of Thai before now. My boyfriend and I have been visiting this amazing restaurant at least twice a month since May. After moving to San Diego in August 2010, I had searched high and low for great Thai food and finally found everything that I had been looking for in the Taste of Thai.My Thai food of choice is always chicken pad see ew and the Taste of Thai makes it perfectly! I even converted my boyfriend to become a pad see ew fanatic, although he prefers the duck. The Thai iced teas are incredible and are always a part of our order. I think the staff is beginning to recognize us because we come here so often and always order the exact same dishes. We no longer have to even open our menus! The decor is elegant and the service is always wonderful. Our food typically arrives within 5 or 10 minutes and our drinks in about 2 minutes.When my family came to San Diego to visit in October, the Taste of Thai was on our must-see list. My family is relatively new to the Thai food scene but they all loved it!What makes the Taste of Thai even more appealing are the great discounts, such as BOGO and the occasional groupon special. Great food and great deals, can't get much better than that!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,7/16/2012,61,96,,18,2>We recently had frontier build us a 40' or so section of simple cedar dogeared fencing in our yard.  They were able to do the job quickly and were pretty painless to deal with.  I'm always amazed how much fencing costs but Frontier's estimates were towards the lower end of that still-high pricerange locally.Overall I'd say the work quality was a solid "B" on an "A" to "F" scale.  The things I were most annoyed by was that they used nails instead of screws, which I think is kind of weak, and they obviously didn't set a leveled string across to run the nails on a line on; they just drove them all over the place in a ragged line.  This isn't a high-end fence we just put in, but it's little stuff that in my mind knocks the work quality down a notch.  Also they shattered and left one of my sprinkler pipes which I think is kind of shitty.  A pro fence company should know how to work around sprinkler pipes and though I'm sure one gets broken from time to time, they could have pre-empitvely repaired it before it flooded my yard.  After complaining after a quarter of my yard was totally underwater they came out and remedied the problem at my request; but it's still not as good as that not happening as all. That water could have caused a lot of damage if our drainage wasn't as good as it is.These two paragraphs are going to make it sound like I was really unhappy and that's misleading--they built a decent fence with a few exceptions and by all accounts they appear a good solid reputable company so long as perhaps you're not expecting work *quite* as good as if you were doing it yourself.  Perhaps my expectations are too high...
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/6/2013,435,249,7,9,7>I have had many warm memories of the beagle. The only drawback is that I have to drive down in order to have a refined dog at the beagle. Now the fine sausage and beer establishment has made a foray northwards in my direction. The citizens of North County rejoiced. Many things are similar- the boards with the taps on them, the many sausages (i believe the menu is almost identical), the orders that fly along a zip line and the unique names instead of order numbers. The good differences- much more spacious vertically (if any of you follow my reviews, I for some reason have a strange affinity towards higher ceilings), nice patio area and closer to the beach. Also, many more windows, which makes the space feel more open. The "meh" differences- There is no dart board... which I'm okay with since I feel scared of being skewered by a dart. BUT.... THERE IS NO WHEEL. my favorite thing about the regal beagle was its beer wheel, which you spun when you weren't sure which beer you wanted- it would choose the beer for you. It even had a gaff slot for coors light (puke) and a skinny slot for a free beer. but it is absent from this place! This is the only bummer!MY FRIENDS. This is almost a 5 star place! They just need that wheel!(Oh and a note about their fine food- I had a salad, and it says to add a sausage, you pay $5 on top of the $6 for the salad. I thought this meant they slice sausage on top. I WAS DELIGHTFULLY WRONG. they gave me a whole sausage in a bun with all the fixings and their home made potato chips. WONDERFUL. )**(OK. 4.25 stars. I just really want them to add a beer wheel.)**I've been informed that it was truly a mistake. I was supposed to have the sausage sliced on top. I will count my blessings, but don't go demanding it from the restaurant! ***Also props to Matt G. for being one of those owners that communicates with yelpers- I tip my hat to you!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,5/5/2013,72,349,3,5,5>I just checked this place out recently even though I've lived in the area for over 2 years.  Although small and can maybe fit about 15 customers, they are big on flavor.  BBQ sauce is a little tangy, but goes well with they tender ribs.  They got this thing which is a mix of their corn and cornbread...like the that little maize mush you find at Mexican restaurants.  Sweet potato fries, cornbread, freshly steamed broccoli, and macaroni and cheese complement the BBQ well.Staff is young, but super friendly and helpful.  This might be blasphemy to some people, but I can put this BBQ on the same level of Phil's!  Ok, somebody might shoot me now.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/4/2013,155,63,,4,2>I love this gym! When I first started working out 4 months ago I thought, ok, I wonder how long this will last. It will probably be another cold, unfriendly meat-market that I dread going to. SO not the case! I have now been working out 3-5 times a week consistently. This is due largely to the fact that I can always get on the equipment I want, the staff is super nice and willing to answer questions and the atmosphere is warm and clean (someone is always cleaning in there). The prices are super affordable and I can bring a workout buddy for free every time. This motivates me to go even more!Thank you Chuze for giving me my pre-three baby body back!!!Special thanks to Christian who always makes time to do my body-fat testing and answer questions. My schedule prevents me from coming to the regularly scheduled test dates, but he will fit me in even if he is just there to workout and he's not even on the clock! Props!!!!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,5/3/2013,36,154,,6,4>When winter rolls around in San Diego I always seem to crave noodles and before East Village set up shop that meant driving somewhere or settling for something from the grocery store. East Village is a cool little spot in Encinitas with their own unique vibe going on. The noodle house influence doesn't extend far past the menu. The restaurant has a SoCal-anime-hipster vibe that is unlike anywhere else in North County. Expect to find an anime flick playing on the TV's, trip-hop playing over the speakers and cold IPA's on tap. It's a nice little spot for an impromptu night out or quick meal before or after catching a flick at the Paloma Theatre. Perhaps more importantly, the food is good... really good. It wasn't till my 3rd or 4th visit that I tried one of the monk bowls and I haven't looked back since. I like to mix it up every once in a while and request noodles instead of rice. Their 2 sauce selection although scant is all you need. Both are great. Try them.In the past year East Village has become one of my favorite sports in North County. Good food, atmosphere and very cold beer.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,5/2/2013,267,353,1,4,3>We live down the street from TOT, and are very lucky.The food really is scrumptious, the shrimp pad thai is one of the best i have had.I usually order the eggplant, a little oily, but i think they all are.the green curry to me is so delish, my mouth waters thinking about it.the only gripe is that they are very aggressive in picking up your plates! Tell them "No!!"DO NOT FORGET TO GET THE MANGO STICKY RICE WHEN IN SEASON. OMG.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,5/1/2013,165,576,,5,3>Make sure that you "check in" here and you will get a $5.00 discount. Fast and friendly service. They told me that they are getting a lot of customers from Walmart since they closed the oil change shop. It's a drive thru oil change place. You stay in your car while they do the work. It's relatively quick and painless. It's funny to see them working as a team. Kind of reminds me of a Nascar team. No hard sell on other products or services. I came here kind of late on a Saturday and wasn't expecting them to be open. I came around 5:30 PM and was in and out in no time. They check all of the fluid levels and will top off your washer fluid, check that all of your lights and turn signals are all working and add air to your tires. Also they will top off your oil if you come back before 3 months or 3,000 miles. They checked my cabin air filter and it needed replacing (ooh, icky dirty) but they didn't try to hard sell me. I'll go and pick one up and replace it myself. Save myself a few bucks.While it's not the cheapest place in San Diego, you get what you pay for. You get in and out fast and if you want to wait for two hours and pay less then go right ahead. As they say time is money right? If you get a regular oil change here with 10W30 oil it'll cost you approximately $38.00 before the $5.00 discount  if you check in on Yelp.Good job guys! As Aunold would say, I'll be back!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,4/30/2013,408,486,,4,4>If it weren't for Yelp, I wouldn't have even known that this Thai restaurant existed! It's located in a small strip of shops along the coast highway in Solana Beach and although I've driven along that road on several occasions, I've never seen this spot. My boyfriend and I discovered it on Yelp a few months ago and decided that we would give it a try for lunch. Well, today was the day!We stopped in just after the lunch crowd and browsed the lunch specials, which are Monday-Friday from 11 a.m.-3 p.m. We selected our Thai favorites, beef pad see ew and chicken yellow curry. Both dishes were delicious! My only slight complaint is that the beef is a little chewy but the rest of the meal was wonderful. The yellow curry was one of the best that we've ever had! The lunch special also includes a bowl of soup and today's soup was Tom Kha. The coconut broth was tasty and there were lots of veggies too.While not a fancy restaurant, Bangkok Bay has an authentic Thai decor that adds a nice vibe. The service was friendly but not very prompt. My boyfriend waited awhile to have his water refilled and it took quite some time after we finished eating for the check to arrive.I would recommend stopping by for their lunch specials. Priced at $8-11, you can save about $5 a meal over coming at dinner, plus you get free soup! Sounds good to me!Quick tip: I noticed on their menu that they only accept credit cards for bills of over $20 so plan accordingly.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,4/29/2013,307,470,2,12,4>The chocolate truffle is YUMMY!It's dense and the perfect amount of richness, without being too sweet. If you're a chocolate lover, you're going to like it.In addition, I picked and chose an assortment of desserts to share with my family. The next time I checked the fridge, half the box had already been eaten so I'm taking that as a good sign!!!For lunch, I got the eggplant panini (the one without pesto; there are two eggplant sandwiches on the menu). Like pasta in a sandwich! It was good, but it wasn't my favorite sandwich ever. Next time I'm here I want to try the pasta, pizza or meat sandwiches!My mom and I were able to share the panini. It was already cut into two halves. We both have smaller appetites and both got full from our halves. That's the power of carbohydrates for you... what looks like a small amount of food goes a long way in making you feel full!!The prices are pretty decent. For seven desserts and a panini that came with a salad, I only paid around $15. SCORE.Oh yeah! And they're suuuuuper friendly, welcoming and very very helpful! Right when I walked in the door, I was greeted. The lady came right up to me, helped me navigate and make my choice from the food menu, and then assisted me by the dessert case, taking the time tell me what each dessert flavor was in the part of the dessert case that had caught my eye.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,4/28/2013,55,164,4,8,2>You will find me here every other Sat and more.The perfect morning hike. Great climb, great distance, great views, and great location.This is remarkably never too busy and other hikers are always very friendly. I usually start at the base down by discovery lake and make my way to the top. A round trip usually takes me 1.5hours give or take. Its a good climb, so you always feel like you earned your [insert food weakness here].There are bathrooms on top of the peak and there are some down at the discovery lake parking lot. Nothing in between, but that shouldnt be a prolblem... most of the time (don't ask).Awesome place to get in a quick weekend morning hike as an alternative to the typical run during the week.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,4/27/2013,275,569,2,5,3>This place gets 5 stars for its happy hour. They just came up with a new happy hour menu and it is quite frankly, amazing.They have a decent selection of beers (not so much in numbers, but the few they do have are all really great beers). Fantastic beers by Bear Republic and other awesome breweries are only $3 during happy hour. That's just getting started.The food is even better. All the bar bites are 1/2 off. Lamb sliders with ratatouille for like $6. Those were delicious. So was the grilled cheese, the cheese plate, the duck rolls, the lobster mac and cheese, and the Genoa salami pizza.I loved the lamb sliders, the grilled cheese (avocados in there, and a side of fries, woohoo!), and the lobster mac and cheese. By the time I got to the duck rolls and pizza I was a bit full. Duck rolls were alright, but I guess I could barely tell it was duck. The Genoa salami pizza was good, but not particularly notable. At any rate, there is just tons of yummy stuff on the menu, and it's awesome!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,7/15/2012,66,57,18,14,4>Just picked up my 1.5 year old lab from a 5 day boarding stay at Dog Dayz, and he is passed OUT! He is healthy, bathed, exhausted and most importantly happy! They read us a report card at the end which I appreciated because it showed me they really played and interacted with him. (i.e. Ate well, played well with the other dogs, cannot get enough fetch - and cried the WHOLE time he got bathed! Sounds about right Lol)I love that they posted videos on their Facebook page and I could check up on him. Although I wish they updated their photos more regularly.  He definitely did not look stressed out, but was having a ton of fun playing with the other dogs. They separate them by "play styles" and not by size of the dog - my dog naturally was with the rowdier group!Before you can leave your dog for boarding or daycare they require you leave them for a minimum of 4 hours for a "social evaluation." This first day of daycare is free - and it allows them to gauge the dog's temperament and evaluate their social skills with the other dogs to make sure they are not aggressive.The thing that really put me at ease with them was that they really live by their motto "it's all about the dog!" and it shows. Other doggie day cares I've been to, there is one human for 20-30 dogs. They are pretty much there to break up fights, but the dogs are left to their own devices. Here, they play fetch with the dogs, and give all of them individual love and attention. There is also a lot of space for them all to run around. The dogs are not left in kennels all day for boarding, they are let out for play time for 4-5 hours in the morning, then an additional 4-5 hours in the evening! When we came by before closing to pick them up, there were 50 dogs in boarding, yet the place was dead silent. That's how tired they all get!I highly recommend this place! The price is extremely reasonable, and the people (and pets) are great! We drive quite a distance to get to them, but it is well worth it.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,7/14/2012,111,367,5,6,4>I love coming here because they always do a great job on my nails!  I usually call in ahead of time and make an appointment because they're always busy.  Anyway, I like how fast they are but they still know how to make it look like it took a long time to do.  The hand/arm/feet/leg massages are thee best!!  I seriously feel pampered when I come here.  All the workers are super friendly and this by far is the best nail salon I've been to.$9 for a mani$13 for a pedi
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,7/13/2012,189,471,,5,3>I started physical therapy five months after I really should have.  I had to admit that I couldn't self-treat anymore!I've worked in outpatient orthopedics physical therapy clinics before and I was really impressed.  My therapist was Josh, and he totally respected the fact that I didn't want my treatment to drag on forever.  I wanted to get in, get treated, and just move on!I went for treatment for the first two months, twice a week, and wow- what a difference.  I went from constant nerve pain down my leg, not being able to drive without pain or sleep without pain to being able to run again with minimal pain.  The next three months, I saw Josh once a week, then once every two weeks, until I was discharged.  By this time, my treatment was more focused on how my every day activities were (carrying my son, going to the gym, etc) which helped me because these things are what I do when I'm not in PT.I brought my son with me to every appointment and they could not have been more welcoming!  They didn't bat an eye when he would 'talk' loudly.  They even kept him entertained with toys. :)I never had a problem making appointments, changing appointments, or with insurance claims.I hope I never need to return to PT, but if I do, I'll definitely head back to ProActive!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/12/2012,119,85,2,10,4>Checked out Elevation Burger last night after several friends put the bug in my ear about this place. Their scoop: 100% USDA-organic, 100% grass-fed, 100% free-range beef, cooked in 100% uber healthy & good-for-you olive oil. Not too shabby, right? So you walk in the restaurant and order at the counter, then choose a table and chairs to plop yourself on down. I ordered their Elevation Burger: 2 slim patties, with toppings of your choice, cheese included. Their house Elevation sauce is a tangy treat. Order it on the side and see for yourself. When you get the burger, it seems small at first sight, but that sandwich packs a punch! I was totally stuffed. Definitely share fries with your dinner date. And if you want to go all out, order a milkshake. Because, why not. After chowing down on the chemical-free burger, you're more than allowed to treat yourself with dessert.Hey non-meat eaters, listen up! Beef's not their only gig. They offer veggie & vegan patties too! So shhh, no more excuses! Another bonus, prices are right on! And the staff is super friendly and comes around to check on you, see how you're doing and even offer to take your dirty dishes away. Pretty sure Five Guys Burger doesn't offer all this sweet goodness.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,7/11/2012,179,454,3,4,3>I've been using TKB Insurance for years now and the experiencehas been great. They are basically a broker service that specializes inMercury Insurance which has worked just great. Theyalso offer a lot of other products, but I'm focusing on home and car insurance at this time.A friend suggested I look into their prices as I had been with AAA forover 16 years and their prices just kept going up. (That was reallyannoying the heck out of me since I am a good driver, and I think mybuddy was tired of hearing me complain about the whole thing).I sat down at TKB and in 30 minutes, I had a new company taking care ofmy home and car needs. They were friendly, knowledgeable, and best ofall, I saved a lot of money.  Not a bad deal in this economy. They didn't try tosell me anything I didn't need which was very refreshing unlike some other companies I contacted. A nice bonus item for this year: I got another discount since I am anactive College Alumni member! Pretty cool if you ask me.If your only goal is to get cheap insurance because you aren't planningon paying it anyway, you are a crappy driver, or you want to let itlapse, this is not the place for you. If you want to be represented by acompany that has integrity and works with it's customers, this is theplace for you.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,7/10/2012,354,448,1,5,4>Fresh salads with house made dressing? Check!Awesome burgers with grass-fed beef and fresh baked buns? Check!Crisp, delicious NY style pizzas? Check!My boyfriend discovered this place on Yelp and we ended up coming here two days in a row because everything on the menu sounded so appealing. In the span of two days we managed to try the chicken arugula salad, Fresco house burger, mussel and saffron risotto, Fresco supreme pizza, shrimp artichoke pizza, and spinach ricotta pizza. Everything was good but my personal favorites were the burger and the spinach ricotta pizza. The burger buns are delicious. You can definitely tell the difference between Fresco's homemade buns and the store-bought buns used at other restaurants. The beef is juicy, the cheese is perfectly melted and the Fresco mustard is a nice touch. If you like simple, quality burgers be sure to order this one. The spinach ricotta pizza is also a must-try. Unlike Bronx pizza, they pile fresh spinach leaves on top of the pie. Yum! I love this place! Is it weird if I end up coming three days in a row?
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/9/2012,38,90,3,10,6>So....I'm searching the other day on Yelp to find a salon close to me for cut and color.  I have my weekly staple at drybar for a blowout but I've been a hair whore looking for the right colorist.  I read the reviews on Yelp about this place and I decide I'll call and see if I can get an appointment with this "Kevin D" guy.I was in desperate need of having my roots done and my last cut has left me looking like "who did it and ran"!I walk in and immediately I like the vibe, very relaxing atmosphere, great music and Kevin was all ready for me.  He spent time going over his recommendation for what needed to be done.  He not only corrected my blonde highlights but my cut is perfect.  I was at an event later that evening and two people asked me where I had my cut done.  My hair is so healthy - can't believe it!I also appreciate that he didn't push products on me like most salons do.  He is so into his client looking great - and trust me - my hair looks amazing.This is not for the cheap haircut crowd - I don't mind paying for perfection and talent - It also doesn't hurt that he is so down to earth. I can't possibly explain what a great experience I had.  I'll be back!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,7/8/2012,179,152,3,3,3>Pho Cow Cali Express isn't music to your ears but more of a play on your tongue. It's our rendezvous for a quick fix or the morning after our drinking adventures.  This place is always packed every night. The restaurant is spacious and fits plenty with big screen televisions. The orders are brought to your table in the blink of an eye. The soup is delicious and the noodles are cooked to perfection. The meat is usually good but sometimes can have excess fat lining the briskets. Eh!I'm glad this restaurant is just around the corner, and I must say it's arguably comparable to those in Los Angeles or Westminster.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,7/7/2012,181,102,6,7,6>Oh Hell Yeah! Under Grounds definitely delivers to my inner coffee snob. The beautiful CM Trish S. told me I MUST try this place so I did. Right off the bat the barista noticed that I was not a familiar face and after a friendly greeting she told me about the different coffee choices and recommended the red velvet latte and the white chocolate lavender mocha. I have since been here multiple times and that red velvet latte is one of the best things (involving coffee) that has ever touched my lips. Freakin delicious. These chicks know how to brew it up! Let's put it this way - I live in Oceanside and work in Vista. There is a coffee shop a few blocks from my work but I allot an extra 20 minutes to my morning drive to go to Under Grounds before work... because it's amazing.  5 stars!Oh, P.s. Free Wi-Fi! Chyea!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,7/6/2012,142,75,4,9,4>I happened to have 40 minutes to spare before a yoga class and really needed a pedicure. Using my trusty Yelp app on my Android, I found Crystal Rose Nail Boutique. I was greeted with a smile upon walking in and was able to get into a spa pedicure chair right away without waiting. The lady who did my nails, Helen, was great! She didn't try to upsell AT ALL (hugh plus for me), was hilarious when she did talk to me, and gave the LONGEST leg/foot massage. Heaven!My pedicure look fabulous and it's only $21 plus tip  for french pedi ($22 if you are using a credit card). Next time I'm in this area of Carlsbad I'm coming back!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,9/23/2013,421,351,4,4,5>Cool patio for shooting pool, its an ok place if you want cheep drinks and a casual bite to eat. I think the pizza is pretty decent for bar food and the drinks are reasonably priced. I have been here several times and always walk out meeting some one new and with a smile.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/22/2013,92,96,4,4,5>We completely stumbled upon this restaurant (without even checking yelp) . My gf and I were walking down 101 looking for a new (to us) place to eat. We hit the jackpot! Pandora's is incredibly charming with a good selection of pizza (traditional and gluten free dough), salads and even a bar. We had the caprese salad and margherita pizza. This had to be in the top 2 pizzas I've ever had. Crazy delicious! We nabbed a great little "cave" in the back with colorful pillows and a chandelier above. Perfect for catching up with my friend and feeling like we had our own little private space in the dining area. Fair prices too. Will I be back? Heck yeah!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,9/21/2013,303,270,13,14,14>Filipino food.... SCORE!Oh man... If you want some authentic, decently priced, bomb tasting filipino food but don't want to drive up to the South Bay or down to San Diego- Mission Asian Market is your best alternative. It could even be your first choice, if you live in the area. I am very picky with filipino food. Growing up it was my staple. As an adult, I try to find healthier alternatives. But... there are those days where I do not want to eat another salad or raw almonds and crave me some, oily, chicken adobo and pancit. I know I am not the only one that feels this way. I hope. hahahaha!I have only tried their pancit and chicken adobo. O M G.... it was delicious. I love their chicken adobo!!!! (Can you tell? I have mentioned it a few times on this post. ) Thank goodness I live a good distance away from this place.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/20/2013,11,34,6,11,5>If you're in North Country and like food, go here...now. If you're farther south and enjoy Urban Solace, go here, but maybe take your time since you've got something similar down there. They just opened up a couple of days ago in the "new" Flower Hill complex right down the street from Del Mar race track. From the same people who own Urban Solace in North Park, so those of you who have been there will know what to expect. Now the food. It was excellent, even better than the bunch of times I've been to Urban Solace, which I have always enjoyed as one of the few places in San Diego to do good food right. The bone marrow was perfect (why don't more places serve this?), meat and cheese plate excellent with some creative additions and a variety of tasty, home made, breads. For the entrée I sampled both the double pork chop and the duck breast. The double pork chop comes from locally raised pigs and was as tender and flavorful as pork can come; cooked and seasoned perfectly. The duck came with just enough nice sweet corn puree to accent the rich flavor of the meat, again seasoned and cooked just right. The rest of the menu is equally as inventive as it is familiar, many items similar to their other restaurant, but with enough different to make it a "new" place worth going to for anyone. The creativity and quality of the menu is similar to fine restaurants in France, but with that creative American touch and world-spanning variety. Perfect.Staff and service was great, as any new restaurant should be, attentive and friendly  and very knowledgeable on everything from the menu to the drink/wine list.If you drink (who doesn't?), then they have an impressive list of libations of all types, with a number of rather obscure options for everything from bourbon to mescal. It's a good thing I'm walking distance...The location is in a redone upscale mall of sorts, so everything is nice and new. Seating inside is casual/upscale and they have a nice lower level lounge area with a horseshoe bar and outdoor patio secluded from the street and parking lot for a little more peace and quiet. Overall, I can't think of anything I would change. Great, unique food at reasonable prices (I'm tired of spending $30 for 'home made' sausages, San Diego). More restaurants in San Diego should follow their lead on food AND pricing (maybe then Malarkey wouldn't be closing all his joints).
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,9/19/2013,423,487,3,4,3>Delicious and fresh Chinese eats, super friendly customer service in the 'dido....I've passed this place numerous times debating if I should try it or not.   I haven't had much luck finding stellar restaurants in Escondido so when I do find one I tend to stick to it like flies on honey.  But instead of my usual Bamboo House or Chin's I decided to give this somewhat new place a try and I'm glad I did.  Got my "go-to" Chinese place now!Mom and I came here for takeout.  We were greeted right away by the sweetest and cutest lil Asian lady.  She handed us a menu and told us to take our time.  I think this is a family owned restaurant since I just saw her and a guy working here.  The place does look a bit old inside and the basic Chinese decor could use a facelift but at least it was clean.*** We ordered the pan fried noodles, salt and pepper chicken wings, egg plant in yu hsing sauce, kung pao chicken, sweetheart spicy chicken, and shrimp in a sauce that I can't remember.   Everything was really good except for the salt and pepper chicken wings, too much batter and not much flavor so I'd pass on that one.   Dinner prices aren't dirt cheap like Yummy Express but the portions are big.  I'd say the same as prices and portions as Chin's Chinese Restaurant's.  While we were waiting for our order the owner offered us complimentary water or soda, we felt bad taking it but they insisted.Before they packed up our food, she came out with one of our orders with a toothpick in the chicken and invited us to try one now while it was still hot.  I thought that was cute. They packed our large order nicely in the plastic containers and bags then organized them into a box so it was easier to carry.  I hate it when restaurants don't take the time to wrap it well and by the time you get home your containers are all sitting in puddles of sauce.  Anyways, they walked us to the door and wished us a good night.  Sure, it was a thursday night and we were the only customers there but I appreciate customer service like that.  I highly recommend if you're in the area.* Side note, I"ve been back here 3 more times since this review.  Food was still good and service great!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/18/2013,190,270,3,6,3>Just recently discovered Solana Beach farmer's market and I'm so happy i did!This market is on a smaller scale compared to Hillcrest or Little Italy but still has tons of good and solid options. Solana market has a really nice cozy atmosphere with lots of seating area and shady palm trees everywhere.Really good food vendors like Thai cuisine, African, Italian, Mediterranean, fresh smoothies and of course pastries/desserts. So far my I've tried fresh young coconut, smoothies, savory crepe (!!!). I also saw that pizza was a popular choice, it looked really good with fresh arugula on top. Note to myself to try it next time. Bring your appetite, grocery bad, cash and enjoy the stroll on Cedors aven on the Sunday afternoon.Market hours are from 1-5pm
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,9/17/2013,778,1343,1,6,3>Wonderful, new, modern, clean and very zen yoga studio, as well as artistic (check those beautiful tiles with cool yoga-style designs). I tried a hot yoga class yesterday thanks to a Yelp event and it was perfect for me. I was hesitant to attend due to the fact that I was associating this type of yoga with the Bikram style, and I cannot tolerate that much heat. However, even if the day was hot outside and the room hot inside, it was very pleasant experience, just the right amount. The owner and staff were very welcoming and I could even borrow a yoga mat (as I forgot to bring one) and get all the information needed with no pressure to join. Very nice lighting and quiet atmosphere. The Indian music was the perfect complement to the class.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,9/16/2013,46,175,7,5,6>Pasta, made fresh, may be the greatest food on this planet. And this place does it so well. Its just like that italian grandmother that you don't have used to make. Sandwiches, salads, tons of pasta and sauce combination possibilities, it's awesome. The name "Pasta Shop" fits, because they also sell a selection of italian imports, everything from sauce to beer(Moretti!). Small little place, not exactly dine-in material, although that hasn't stopped me. AND, you can buy fresh pasta to take home and cook yourself. As someone who has rolled out fresh pasta by hand, let me say it's so much easier to have someone else do it, and then you just do the work of boiling it. And the work of eating it. For dinner. And breakfast. Oh, and they also have gelato, which I'm trying to stay away from to preserve my girlish figure. Having said that, I will mostly likely break down and have some. Soon.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,9/15/2013,46,223,4,8,8>What a difference 5-years makes.When we first tried Double Happiness in 2008 we absolutely hated it and vowed never to go back.      After a 5-year hiatus we decided to try it again back in early April.    All we could say was "WOW" what a change.No idea what changed, but we enjoyed the food so much that we have picked up to-go orders from them no less than 8 times between April and July.   The funny thing is that I mentioned this to a friend who lives in Solana Beach and she said the same thing happened to her.... many years ago she tried it and hated it, but when she went back this year with a visiting friend who wanted traditional Chinese she found the food to be very good.We always get our food to go, and enjoy the 10% discount they give on all to-go orders that total more than $10.Here are some of the items we have had over the past few months:Wor Won Ton soup ---   loaded with lots of good tasting stuff, we are happy that the broth does NOT taste salty (we hate when soups load up on too much sodium).   We included Wor Won Ton soup in 7 of our 8 orders.Double Happiness --- plenty of shrimp and scallops mixed with plenty of green vegetables in a white garlic sauce.   Yum!    As with the Wor Won Ton soup, both my wife and I give this a big thumbs up and ordered this dish nearly every time.The Deluxe Pan Fried Noodles --- This is a very tasty dish, and they pack the noodles separately from the meats/veggies/sauces to keep the noodles from spoiling.  Although I really like the flavors of this dish, my wife correctly notices that the noodles have a bit of grease on them.    They haven't been so greasy as to stop me from ordering this several times though. :)Yu-Hsian Pork -- this is a very tasty dish for those who like a little spiciness to their food.  The downsides are that it is a significantly smaller size/quantity than the other dishes and it is short on vegetables (I believe it was simply meat and green onions with a spicy sauce)Barbecued Spare Ribs --  they reminded me of the ones I used to order at my local Chinese place when I was a kid;  tasty with a good amount of meat on them.Shrimp Fried Rice -- fine, but nothing outstanding.Garlic Chicken --- we didn't realize that the chicken in this dish was breaded and seemed deep-fried, and hence we disliked it.   That's just not our style, but if you like breaded meats, then maybe you'll have a vastly different opinion.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,9/14/2013,197,58,2,6,5>I love these theaters. While I have been told that Arclight, and the recently remodeled AMC in LJ is quite amazing, this is still by far my go to theater.Being 6ft4, I enjoy the leg room. I love the fact that the seats "recline" to some extent if you might call it that. The screens seem bigger, I love the sound quality and this is the place where I see enough previews to know what to watch next.Parking might be a little crazy on big movie openings, but you will always find a spot. There is plenty of stations for you to grab your tix. Those popcorns can always use that white cheddar salt! If you haven't tried it, do so! You'll find something new that you'll never ever forget! Thanks TG for the top.Grown ups 2, here I come... Late, but I am coming! :)
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,1/24/2013,43,74,2,4,2>This place embodies the feeling of Oceanside. Locally owned and operated, casual and inviting, topped with a sense of pride and community belonging. Add this to the tasty diner style menu and you have a winning O'side venue. The interior of Jennie's offers televisions broadcasting news/sports/'toons, a community chalkboard for the "yoots" to doodle on (or the adults), and have bar style seats for the casual drop-in.Jennie's is a great stop for breakfast and lunch, and offers portions that keep you feeling full and happy. I recommend stopping in for a bite when you're in the area.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,1/23/2013,66,335,,5,2>This is an interesting little place in Poway. If you want to have a quiet, fine-dining experience in Poway, this is one of the few places I would stop at.First, the food I have tried:- The Calamari- The Salmon- The Mango ChickenThe Salmon was so-so. I wasn't exactly into the cucumber based sauce. But it wasn't appalling. The Calamari, now that was enjoyable. They cooked it pretty well. And I loved the fried peppers that came with it! Huge bonus. But the absolute winner was the Mango Chicken. It is probably the best entree option, in my mind. Even the second time around, was still super enjoyable.That leads me to my only concern about this place. Beyond the Mango Chicken, I'm not sure if anything else really excites me on the menu.So then, why the four stars? Because the Mango Chicken is good! AAAnnnddd also, the service is pretty good when we go. They are friendly, but also personable. Not just serving us because it's a job, but treating us in some ways like family. The kind of service you want at your local neighborhood restaurant. Part of the reason why I like going back.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/22/2013,95,170,,3,2>I'm not a big coffee drinker, so I didn't come here for a cup of joe, rather a cup of tea... which was lovely.  I noticed there was music playing and thought it was coming from speakers, but they had a couple of guys in there with guitars who were singing quiet, happy tunes.  It was so nice!  Great ambiance.  I wonder if they do that all the time?Service is a bit slow, but still, this is a great little spot!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,1/21/2013,197,156,4,6,4>Writing a review for a Hospital is the LOLsiest!  Our baby boy was born here, and while I have no basis of comparison, I must say that overall the folks working here were great, attentive and professional.  The hospital itself is not that big, which I liked personally, felt like they could afford more personal care.  The rooms on the maternity floor are nice and big, essentially a studio apartment, with the usual instruments needed for mom & baby.  The pullout chair was not the coziest thing I have ever slept on, but who cares, you are not there to be comfy.  The nurses & doctors we worked with were all really cool and calming, seeing as this was our first kid, that was really helpful to have during such a huge life changing couple of days.  Once we get moved down to the outpatient room, things got a little bit less comfy, the rooms are considerably smaller and the walls are paper thin, so you hear all the crying & conversations in surrounding rooms.  Overall a great hospital, friendly staff, nice & cozy, plenty of parking.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/19/2013,545,118,6,13,6>Honestly, one of the BEST Happy Hours in town!Happy hour: Monday-Friday from 3-6 PM ($5 appetizers, and $4 beer/wine/flights) DECOR: Large, spacious,  modern, sleek, and trendySERVICE:It gets pretty crowded towards the end of the week. So if you have a party of 6+, definitely make a reservation! The staff there are all incredibly nice. If you are a beer amateur, they do a great job finding the right beer for you. I love that they bring out samples for you to try before you choose the beer you want. Also, sometimes they would bring you sample tastings for the heck of it! It takes a good 20 minutes for the food to come out. But if you are with good company and a glass of beer.. time goes by fast!FOOD:For just $5 DOLLARS, you get huge-full-sized servings!-Crispy Calamari: It was not oily and it comes with this creamy/chili dipping sauce-Boneless Wings: Be brave and try it with the PiriPiri sauce (instead of BBQ, so ordinary). It is so good that I cannot describe it. -Spinach Dip: So fresh, creamy, and good. I love the seasoned tortilla chips.-Spicy Hummus: Beautiful presentation. I love the hummus with freshly chopped almonds and cilantro; there was also freshly chopped olives, tomatoes, and onions on the side. Lastly, you get a big basket of buttered pita breads. -Sweet and Stinky Fries: Sweet potato fries with blue cheese! Not as scary as it sounds, but it is good!Favorite appetizers: EVERYTHING! However, if you want to go SMART, I would choose the more "expensive" appetizers on the menu which are Calamari ($11.50), Wings ($10.95), and Hummus ($10.50)... Fries are only $5.95 so that doesn't give you the most bang for your buck!Favorite beer: Red Trolley and Conquistador Bonus tips: -Get a flight so that you can try 4 different tastings of beer before you choose a pint! A flight is still just $4 during HH. -Yes they split bills!-I looked at the "regular" menu and it is pricey.. GO FOR HAPPY HOUR!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,1/18/2013,275,430,4,5,4>4.5 stars another tasty experience at a Malarkey restaurant.  From Searsucker, to Herringbone to Burlap I always love the food created by Brian Malarkey.  His restaurants are always decorated with a hip vibe to them.  Burlap has a slightly strange Asian cowboy theme and it is quite loud and happening in there, but it has no effect on the wonderful tasting food that comes along with it.  We had the Sunday brunch which seems popular and there was live music playing.  Dishes I recommend are the Crab cake eggs benedict and the Shrimp n grits.  My girlfriend thinks Malarkey's restaurants make the best crab cakes she has tasted.  The shrimp n grits sauce is rich with a nice kick and is very filling.  The potatoes included are good but a bit on the salty side.  For a light option to start your meal go with the cobb salad spring rolls, which are simply amazing with a red curry ranch sauce to dip.  Every Malarkey restaurant I have been to was on a daily deal voucher which definitely helps our overall experience when the food is half off!  As long as you know what to expect at Burlap I don't think you will be disapointed you came!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/17/2013,101,659,4,11,9>After a few dozen visits here I felt the need to update my review...and pick another flavor. I am a bit of a creature of habit when it comes to my snowball.The family that owns Baltimore Snowball will make you want to come back almost as much as the sweet treats themselves! My family and I are not big dessert people...but in the past few months we have found ourselves in here on average twice a week...sometimes twice in one day...sunny lazy weekend afternoons are the best, but even a cold dreary evening has been known to be made better with a heaping helping of ice cream covered in snow and a few of about a million different choices of flavors. The flavors are where I think people get intimidated. Trust me...Trust Joe and go with a combo your first time around and you won't be disappointed!Many people still come in looking for a snow cone or shaved ice...and this is not your place in that case (I can't stop rhyming...help me!) A snow ball is so much more! The "snow" is more of a coarse feel than shaved ice...but this allows a spoon to be used at any time, the ice does not become a syrupy block, it is more of a twist on an ice cream Sunday! We have sampled everything from Caramel Apple Pie Alamode, to Carrot Cake, to Cinamon Red Hot, to Blood Orange to even a Macchiato and I can say without a doubt that these Dukes inside this little shack are on to something special.For all your "Eat Local" lists this is the epitome of a great local place. A family owned and run joint, bringing a flavor from their home town here to North County with great service, unique flavors and  great prices. If I catch you at the local 3001 Industrial Flavors then I am going to put you over my knee.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,1/16/2013,98,204,3,5,1>If it were possible to give this place 8 stars, I would.The service is impeccable and the food is so impressive despite this humble brick and mortar... I've never had "gourmet" Thai food, but I'd say these folks easily achieve the standard.  My staples are usually the Pad See Ew, Yellow Curry Chicken, and Calamari.  My fiance and I make it a point to visit here at least 1-2 times a month to support a business that is well worth it.The Pad See Ew is always thick, the Yellow Curry is always creamy, and the calimari is always crispy.  During their lunch hours, they tend to offer specials and also include a wonderful soup with hints of menthol and tasty egg rolls.  The Thai Tea is portioned just right, and I've never left this place hungry or unhappy... if you know what to order, you shouldn't either.PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTBefore I forget, a word of caution in regards to their spicy food: if you think Indian food was spicy, think again.  For their chili-pepper symbol dishes, they really are HOT and and they really are SPICY.  The wonderful lady who serves us every time called calls the main chili they use Bird's Eye chili pepper, and rates their spice levels on 1 to 5.Now, the bird's eye chili rates about 100,000-250,000 (ushotstuff.com/Heat.Scal) on the Schoville Scale.  That's 31.5x hotter than a Chipotle or a Jalapeno, and 5x hotter than tabasco and pure Cayenne.In other words, take the scale of 1 through 5 and multiply it by about... 5.  Level 1 is literally a level 5 dish you would eat at any regular restaurant.  Level 2 is a level 10, and if you're crazy enough to eat a Lvl. 3+, please let me know how your next major BM went and if you had to go to the hospital.  I'm as sadistic as Level 1 with my food, but I'm hoping to slowly work up to a Level 2; it builds character and clears the sinuses.Either way, enjoy your wonderful Thai meal - true to the tradition!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,1/15/2013,274,427,5,6,4>4.5 stars, i've been holding off on reviewing this place because of several reasons, part of me is selfish and i don't want to share this place with anyone else. but also, i wanted to come here several times and experience it differently each and everytime to get the full experience. I'm gonna be honest, the first time, aside from the drinks, I would've given this place a 2.5/3 stars and thats just the calamari and drinks alone, service was borderline terrible.Fast forward to having some Mandy time, it was definitely different. Lets start from beginning to end: complimentary valet (starts at 6p i believe), you either love it or hate it. Vintana sits on the 3rd floor of the lexus dealership. Upon entering from the elevator, to your left is the kitchen/wine shop and hostess, to your right is the bar with access to the lenai where mist-ers, fire pits, and heat lamps sit and a gorgeous look of the mountain scenery. Sure you get a touch of Dicks Sporting goods but looking past it, is a view that is worth the experience.Social Hour (aka Happy Hour) is from 230-630p. boo, would appreciate it if they extended it til 7pm :(. So here is the jist, the social hour is only on food. Their drinks are a standard $7 with over 100 vodka varieties, its definitely worth it! The staff was friendly and helpful. Food:-I LOVE THEIR POPOVERS- OH EM GEE, they are delicious, its what a cream puff wants to be when it wants to be bad.-CHEF DEBORAH'S NUT CRUSTED BRIE: surprisingly delicious with the different sauces. I am lactose intolerant and still managed to enjoy/savour every bite on the bread.-BACON WRAPPED STUFFED DATES: Like my counterpart, I didn't enjoy this as much. I realize I don't care for dates.-CORN FRITTERS: My kind of dish! it was delicious!!! I enjoyed every bite of it. -CAESAR SALAD (DECONSTRUCTED): i wasn't digging the deconstructed salad. Seem/appears finicky.-CHORIZO MUSSELS: holy yummy! they were cooked to perfection! I just wish the chorizo flavor would come out more!-CALAMARI - Its chickpea crusted and sooooo delicious! I could use their dipping gastric on everything! I loved the presentation.Dessert: I only cared for 2 out of the 3 options, the snickerdoodle/ginger snap cooki was the only ice cream sandwich i didn't care . Among the best parts, We got to meet Emory, the bartender/conversationalist... he's amazing to chat with and a great mixologist. I would definitely come back here to enjoy the experience again. Please extend your happy hour/social hour to a later time for us working folks that get off at 6pm!!!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,1/14/2013,68,78,3,3,1>Best pedi EVER!Very relaxed ambiance, comfy chairs, and the staff is not pushy **DING DING - BONUS!**The employees truly take their time to make sure your lil toes, all ten of them, are happy and groomed. I ordered a "Healthy Feet" pedi , which includes a blissful 10 minutes massage and a delicious scrub.My polish was french...ha ha ha let's rephrase this: My pedicure choice was "French Pedi" with an added daisy on each toe, yes I did have a picture of the daisy ...and she did it perfectly!Me and my tootsies are very happy...in fact one little toe went "wee weee weeee" all the way home ;)I will definitely make this my place for pedicures.Highly reccomend you make an appointment, they are always very busy.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,5/31/2014,139,453,4,7,5>I've been wanting to try this place for a while now because I always buy their chips and salsa at Albertsons and I'm obsessed. I started with chips and guac and the chips are super fresh! Greasy, but fresh. The guac was pretty good, although surprisingly I preferred this amazing green salsa at their salsa bar. I ate several gallons of that...I got the chicken burrito and it was enormous! I slathered it with the green salsa and it was so delicious. I'm coming back for that salsa. My bf got the fish burrito and thought it was a bit bland, but fortunately he also thought the green salsa was delicious and it made a huge difference.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,5/30/2014,75,128,4,9,6>Great place to come with your kids for a weekend project. Great quality time together. I came here with my daughter a few times so far. Great project. lots of selections of colors to work with. The staff is very helpful with ideas and questions. takes about 5 days for them to fire the ceramics and then ready for pick up. I will defenetly come back with my kids and recomend  it to others.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,5/29/2014,152,223,5,8,4>Friendly Staff, convenient location and real animal lovers. Found them through yelp and we were very pleased with there service. Everyone loved our little(fatty) Zombiekins. We were able to get Zombiekins his shots and flea medicine right then and there.Not to mention I got several phone call from the staff and doctor to let us know all the blood work was good.... Nothing better then people who actually care about your loved ones. Thanks for everything. I highly recommend these guys.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,5/28/2014,219,287,5,11,8>Shame on me for not coming to Salty Sisters sooner.  What a cute little shop of toffee, chocolate, and caramel creations.  In an effort to give something unique and handmade for the family this holiday season.  I decided to stop buy and get a couple sweet goodies that can be shared.  Thankfully the owner was available and had time to walk me through all the items offered.  I tried the rum and tequila infused caramel syrups which are delicious and can be used on ice cream, cookies, and meats.  The latest chocolate creation is the Chile Verde Chocolate which lends itself to a great conversation piece.  I purchased the rum syrup set with some toffee crumbles, a bag of dark chocolate toffee, and a box of Chile Verde chocolate.  I am definitely pleased with my experience and look forward to returning again.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/27/2014,489,320,6,7,7>Love the staff here !!!In need of a shellac manicure ?? Look no further !!!KIRSTY is the best !!! I definitely recommend her ! She's not just a manicurist, but also a down to earth gal ! I consider her a friend and we always have great conversations. She really puts me at ease and I always look forward to having our 'girl talks.'I never walk out disappointed. She always leaves my nails looking beautified !!! She also enjoys what she does. I don't think I've ever seen her in a bad mood. Just an all around pleasant person to be around.I also appreciate her suggestions when it comes to picking out colors. I'm the most indecisive person and she always helps me in picking out the 'perfect' color for me. For some reason the shellac also tend to stays longer (~3-4 weeks) when she does it too. I'm fortunate to find a go-to shellac manicurist and love that this place is close to home and there is always availability. Kirsty is knowledgeable, professional, friendly, and meticulous. You won't be disappointed. Tell her I referred you !5 STARS ALL THE WAY !!!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,5/26/2014,164,418,3,5,4>Love this cute hole in the wall deli!Came here on a Wednesday during lunch time and it was packed! Must be a good sign. While I was waiting for my car to be tinted next door, they told me if I was hungry, to try this place out. As soon as I walked in, there was so much to look at! They have all these different Italian goodies for sale and plenty of sandwiches and sides for you to try. I had the Ham Panini and it had this pesto sauce on it and it was fantastic. The bread was super good too and tasted fresh.They have a few tables inside and outside. They sell Spumoni for you to take home! Yes please! It is a little pricey for the sandwiches and it doesnt include anything just the sandwich but it was to be expected since sub sandwich places seem to be on the high side now. They have a freezer with lots of things for you to take home.Must stop in Old Town! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/25/2014,373,63,4,9,8>I like the upgrade they did to the inside.  I like the community tables, the offering of protein.  I get the steak, and am happy to pay extra for it because this place needed meat!!!!  This place is always clean and predictable which makes it a quick stop in for the family.  We always run in to someone we know here which makes it fun as well.  Some times life moves to quick to plan meals with friends, but here it just kinda of happens.  The desserts are good.  The soda machine is the newer one and can have a line at times, but it seems to be a big attraction.  Not my favorite place but if your kids like a place you make the best of it.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,5/24/2014,27,65,6,20,9>I had a really good experience on opening day - attentive servers, good food, no contact with the bar or managers. I'm very disappointed that so many reviews after me fall so short of even acceptable service....PLEASE READ THE OTHER REVIEWS - Sounds like they need to get their ish together. I'm going to go back this week and will officially update my review. *disappointed* ********I was looking forward to a Valentine's Dinner at Hello Betty only to discover they weren't open yet. bummer. Today is their first day open and it was well worth the wait. PARKING. There is one 4 hr max parking lot that is public & free on the east side of the Springhill Suites building next to Miso Harney Sushi.  The other lots are pay parking or you can use metered street parking. Conveniently located on Mission near the Oceanside Pier its places like Hello Betty that are changing the reputation of Oceanside in a good way.  Love so much that they are embracing our rural, fun, friendly beach vibe. I really hope Oceanside can hang onto that upscale flair without becoming pretentious going the way of Cardiff that has become unrecognizable to many north county beach locals.    MENU: I selected the avocado toast, Mahi Maui taco, Smoked fish taco, and a side of cole slaw. For dessert I was tempted by the Meyer Lemon Cheesecake. The avocado toast would definitely be one of my favorites combining the subtleness of avocado with the tangy sweetness of pickled red onion. The smoked fish was tasty and the smoke flavoring not overdone. The Mahi Mahi was just the grilled perfectly but the fish lacked flavor. I do like a little bit more sauce generally so in the future i think I would request a sauce on the side. Also, my server Kat raved about the sauces so definitely order some of these if you order a platter. The cole slaw was good, not the best I have had, but still up there on the list.  I got the Meyer Lemon Cheesecake thinking I would take a bite and pack the rest to go but it comes in a jar not sliced. I took a few bites and then packed it in condiment to-go containers. Not what I was expecting but it worked :-)          On my next visit - I'd like to try the whole fish ($25 served after 5pm) and/or the fish and chips $16. I should also mention that the fish is fresh pacific caught and never frozen. SERVICE:  It was the first day and not very busy at first but was picking up as i left. The service was very polite, attentive, and helpful. Kat, my server, helped me make selections. She said that her favorites were the AHI TUNA POKE, HAMACHI CRUDO, SALMON BURGER, SMOKED FISH TACO - She also mentioned a few of the platters but I can't remember the specifics.    Its a new menu so I'm sure they are going to make adjustments, like most new restaurants, based on feedback they get.  THE BAR:  Looked amazing with an extensive selection plus wine & beers. In addition, they serve a lot of local beers. I was told that the list is going to be constantly changing.  BATHROOMS - Call me OCD but I check bathrooms and the bathrooms here are very well done. Kudos. Clean upscale with all the high end decor. *sigh*  (side note...I didn't check but hopefully there are bathrooms to support the massive outdoor patio they have upstairs or the downstairs bathroom might feel more like a stadium bathroom line at half time.) ATMOSPHERE: Well this is the exciting part for sure. The decor is great from the stained wood board planking and wood burned murals on the walls to the exposed wood beams and industrial ceiling. its the perfect combination and balance of wood and metal. I just loved it.  They also have a huge private table for people wanting a private dinner party.TV's: They have at least 6 TV's  DID YOU SAY ROOFTOP? Yes Yes there is a huge outdoor patio area that is great for groups, parties, and hanging out. This is going to be a very popular place during the summer/happy hour with amazing sunsets. Its a new location so I'm sure there are still some tweaks forthcoming as they further define their place in Oceanside but I'm truly excited that they are here. Great food and atmosphere with stunning views. I tried to post a lot of pictures so you can see just how cool HELLO BETTYS is going to be.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,5/23/2014,73,355,8,8,5>What a cute place.  Long live the All Day Bun. I went to Petit Madeline Bakery for lunch with a work friend. We split sandwich halves so we could try more than one. I went for theBacon Chicken Pesto on Cheddar Toast which came with - in addition to the named components - lettuce, tomato, gruyere and  béchamel sauce. Loved it. I would eat cardboard if it had béchamel on top. Great sandwich. My friend ordered the Prosciutto sandwich with (of course) prosciutto, marinated mozzarella, basil pesto, tomatoes, red onion, and red-wine oregano dressing on rustic bread. Also very good. I also picked up an All Day Bun and a chocolate croissant (a chocotine?) for breakfast the next morning. Predictably, neither ever made it home. I had the All Day Bun that afternoon, but then I figured my wife would be suspicious if I only brought home one baked good. I consumed that evidence as well. No trace means no harm done, right?  Both were great.  The sandwiches were definitely expensive for their diminutive size but I think small is sort of expected for French cuisine. The quality was high and the experience was very positive.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/22/2014,203,342,8,12,5>Totally excited to have a vape shop in the area!  Best thing is that they let you try all the flavors.  I'm Asian so really shop around - this place has the best prices - even compared to online!People here are super nice but not pushy - I don't like how some of those other larger shops act like douchey Mr. know-it-all's trying to up-sell.They have a pool table, PlayStation and a Street Fighter arcade machine so you can totally hang out too if you want.The also do mod repairs for FREE!!!  How can you beat that?!Don't be a stinky smoker - start vaping - it's cheaper and you smell great!Now all they need to do is come up with bacon flavored juice lol!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,6/25/2013,83,241,3,7,5>It's been over 24 hours and I still feel tired to my bones.I consider myself in pretty good shape (exercise daily). We started this trail a little after 8am and returned around 1pm (stopping for a little under an hour at the potato chip). I brought 3 bottles of water and ran out just before we got back to the parking lot. The hike is HARD. I've hike many a trails in my time but this one was probably the most strenuous. Expects lots of steep switchbacks and uneven surfaces. That said, it's definitely not impossible, especially if you allow yourself to go at a reasonable pace and stop whenever necessary.The hike is WORTH IT. It's kind of cool how friendly everyone on the hike is. It's like a team effort to get on/off the potato chip and help everyone get that opportune photo.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,6/24/2013,11,125,4,7,6>Excellent dentistry with very friendly staff.Dr. Mojaver and her team have always provided the best service whenever we set foot into their office. From my experience, its clear that dentistry isn't just a means to an end for Dr. Mojaver.  She genuinely cares about her patients and their well being. I can assure you, you won't be disappointed by your experience with Pearl Cosmetic and Family Dentistry. Go see her and her wonderful staff!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,6/23/2013,103,59,6,7,7>We come here from time to time and love this family owned business! Food is great and they have some great specials.   Kids eat free after 2pm. That's great for us.My favorite is the Fallbrook Cafe sandwich!  Also have great salads. Thanks Mom for getting my thousand island dressing back. Great family! We miss the girls but they are doing good on their new ventures.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,6/22/2013,2030,893,15,19,16>Of all the sports and activities that I do, I never felt yoga was "my thing". I tried it several times at my gym but I never bought into the whole concept. Maybe it was the class I took or maybe I'm getting older and wiser -- but whatever the reason, I decided to give yoga another try and began seeking out yoga studios in my area.  I was thrilled to discover that Peace Love and Yoga (PLAY) offered free, unlimited classes to any new client for an entire week. What did I have to lose?  Since I've only been to a handful of classes, I started off with their Playgrounds class taught by Catherine. She was amazing!  Super basic class and it was exactly what I needed to get started and truly understand the purpose and meaning of each breathe and each pose. By the end of the hour....I was hooked!  I know what it feels like after a great workout, but this was different. My body felt free and open but more importantly, I realized I was able to let go of all the demands from the office, from home and from life and just focus on me. My mind was for the first time in many months...calm and not thinking of the 100 things I could be doing in this hour.  It felt amazing to truly let go.  During my free week, I went nearly every day and tried their Hot Yoga, Play 1 and even their Play1-2 class. Monique was one of the instructors that really stood out for me. She has great energy and her classes are so awesome. I know I'm making an absolute fool of myself in class but i'm very much enjoying every minute of it. = )  I'm poking fun of myself but really, no one seems to care or judge when I'm falling trying to get into a pose. The instructors and even the participants are very down to earth. I'm still getting all the lingo down and the poses and I'm sure I'll be a beginner for many, many, many months to come but you've to start somewhere, right?  Now that I completed my free week, I've just renewed for an entire months of class. I'm so excited to learn more about yoga and see progress (hopefully).   I'd highly recommend Peace Love and Yoga.  If you're afraid of the hot yoga classes like I was, don't worry. It's not that bad...and I don't do heat well.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/21/2013,379,21,14,10,5>Stop it right now Rancho Valencia.  Just stop it.  If I would've accurately checked into The Pony Room, I would be the Duke...by about 100.  This place takes all the obnoxiousness of Rancho Santa Fe, Del Mar and La Jolla, mixes it up in a blender and spits out a concoction of goodness and graciousness.  You drive into Rancho Valencia (a nice resort across from "the" Jenny Craig's horse stables) by checking into the front gate, and pull up to the coolest roundabout and tree you've ever seen.  Not kidding.  They have a valet there...you don't have to use it...but do.  Don't be a cheapskate...not here.  Then walk into the coolest bar north of the 56 and south of Via de la Valle...thinking, thinking...yes, the coolest bar in this area.  The bar is newly redone, with plenty of nice tables (two tops, four tops, room at the bar) and cool little fire pit/couch/lounge U-shaped seating areas outside by the croquet field.  I said it.  The nice little grassy knoll outside...you can play croquet.  Brilliant.  The food is AWESOME - go with the kobe beef sliders, cauliflower, steak and fish tacos...and choose a drink from the list of funky drinks - there are about 12 to choose from.  If that's not your gig, there's good beers both on tap (locals like Stone as well as Belgians and Lagers), beers by the bottle/liter and a really good wine list.  I've never had a bad experience with service here either...there's plenty of staff always willing to help and are attentive.  They provide you with a goodly selection of roasted and herbed nuts...I'm not sure I said that right, but they're good for a pre-Stone IPA snack.  I shouldn't tell you to go here...because that ruins my little private oasis off San Dieguito...but I have to tell you to go...you won't go wrong for a Happy Hour event, early or late dinner, or even a nightcap.  Be careful of flying croquet balls...and cougars...in that order.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,6/20/2013,168,440,,4,3>Finally tried out Mother Earth a few weeks ago with my friends. The inside is industrial-ish, and is very open and roomy.  There is also a small bar area with a few seats.I tried their sampler of beers, and while I wasn't a fan of most of them, I absolutely loved the 24 Carat, a Belgian type beer.  Not only did it taste amazing, but it has a serious punch.  I had two pints and had to stop to still be able to legally drive.  There is still more to try, so I will be trying them all.You can bring your own food, which is great since there are a few options nearby. You can have URBN Pizza, Sonics/5 Guys (burgers) and others deliver food to your table.  We opted for URBN pizza, since...well, when is pizza and beer not awesome?Customers can even bring there leashed dogs too. That's pretty cool, just make sure your pup is well behaved. A drawback? They close early during the week, which is a bummer if you want a beer after 9pm during some weekdays.  A cool, unabashed local brewery that I hope is the beginning of a revitalized downtown Vista.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,6/19/2013,56,172,4,6,5>Good cakes, good pastries at a good price. What's better than that? Unicorns? Ok maybe unicorns, but other than that this takes the cake. We've gotten a variety of their pastries for parties, where they are always a hit with the tummies without being huge hit to my wallet. Definitely recommend the mini eclairs, fruit tarts and chocolate dipped shortbread cookies like other Yelpers have mentioned. I recently picked up the Fruit Basket cake for my son's birthday and it was delicious. Fresh fruit, moist cake with Bavarian cream. Yum. This place isn't fancy looking, but their desserts are the real deal and the people are real nice.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,6/18/2013,11,82,2,5,3>We went here on a whim after a family beach walk went a little long.  We've seen the sign many times as we'd pass by on Encinitas Blvd. but we have never stopped in before. I was expecting Americanized Chinese food but what I found was a pretty decent representation of  the authentic stuff. I had a sesame chicken special, my husband had a tofu dish and my son had the kids chicken on a stick meal. The prices were fair. They served the dinner dishes family style and we ended up leaving with two full boxes . (Leaving with take out boxes seemed to be the norm, as every body left with at least one.)We enjoyed our meal and we will probably go back.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,6/17/2013,125,269,2,8,4>I just got back from my consultation and WOW am I impressed!I took my pictures two days ago and I was able to see my pictures today! My entire photo session took about 3 hours: outfit shopping, makeup, and the actual shoot. The ladies at DeBoudoir took their time in helping me choose the right outfits, took their time making me look extra special with the makeup, and definitely took the time during the actual photo shoot. The time flew - I had so much fun!Now, I'm not a skinny minnie! I'm a size 14-16, 4'11" in height so I'm not your long legged skinny model type - not in the least! But when I first looked at my pictures, I was in awe! They were beautiful! The pictures on their website do not lie! You're pictures will look even more beautiful than what you see! DeBoudoir definitely highlighted my features and hid my flaws beautifully!Here are my tips:*Wait for a Groupon or Living Social Deal - to get the most value, get the deal that has add-ons like make-up, digitial image, and/or corset included. This will save you a significant amount of money. *I would recommend getting your makeup done at DeBoudoir because they know what looks best in front of the camera. But if you know how to do makeup (or know someone who does), do it yourself, you'll save $$*DeBoudoir has LOTS of outfits to choose from for purchase. If you have your own sexy lingerie, bring them! You can change up to four times during your shoot so bring lingerie that are different styles and colors. The photographer does a great job in "setting the scene" with your chosen outfits. *If you've never done this, its very uncomfortable at first but you get into it! Trust the photographer, relax, and have a good time! My body is a bit sore from arching my back and popping my booty (actual words from the photographer) for holding poses for the perfect shots. If it feels like your straining and if the pose hurts, your creating good pictures! The photographer guides you through the entire process.She'll model the poses she wants you to do. Just go with it, you'll love the end product!*Be ready to love ALL your pictures and be ready to figure our how you'll pay for it all. The pictures are pricey but you get the digital files and you can do whatever you want with them which is different from other studios where you have to order the prints from them. The installment plans are convenient but you won't get your pictures until you've paid your balance. The pictures are definitely an investment!I did this photoshoot for me, to feel good about myself, and to know that I'm a sexy lady even if I'm not a skinny minnie! I recommend this to ANYONE! It was a great experience!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/16/2013,66,96,2,3,2>Came here for a lil sweet tooth action, I ordered the amaretto truffle, cheesecake and raspberry truffle, and some fudge and dark chocolate.  If your a fan of either of those favors by all means please indulge! The price was decent and I made sure I paired my chocolate with a nice hot coffee! Cavities are not frowned upon in this establishment! ;)
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,11/22/2013,1299,698,7,8,7>Unofficially, I always thought Chinese food was a great hangover cure, believe it or not; even though, I would seek out the standard menudo, or pho, or drown myself in Pedialyte.   Instead, there I was: dreaming of Chinese curry chicken, which is yellow, and a cousin of every other Indian, Thai, and Japanese, among others out there.There's no need to go fancy as you can order take-out or dine-in since service is fast.  I wish I could tell you that the Hunan they serve is the best.  That's not to say I don't like Szechuan/heat and Cantonese/dim sum, put simply.  Sadly, I'm not an expert in this, there are just some patterns and flavors and ingredients that I've noticed.For dinner, we ordered a simple dinner: the curry chicken, broccoli in garlic sauce, seafood pan fried noodles, and the special Hunan House fried rice! Exciting! Childhood memories!Hunan didn't let us down with the standard red vinyl, white table cloth, Chinese Zodiac placemats, and typical black and white menus.  After seeing the steady business, attentive staff, and a diverse mix of patrons (yes, there were Chinese families there), the girlfriend agreed that coming to Hunan was a great idea.  In fact, it satsified not only the hangover urge, but reminded me of all the great and memorable Chinese places my parents would take us to as a child.  Nothing fancy but solid, like oak, rather like teak wood.   In fact, I'd consider coming back here more often to avoid the crowds at other popular Chinese places, but alas, those joints have different styles as each Chinese region has their own culinary differences.From what I understand, Hunan has been an understated icon in the local dining landscape for the past 20 years or so, but recently improved itself with new ownership.  Anyone who gives this place 2 stars or less is mistaken since it's really a low key operation of Chinese restaurant veterans.   The funny thing is I can see the debby-downer reviewers sit there with an uncomfortable grimace knowing that they could be anywhere but here.  LOLPs.  They have a solid webpage.  Read it and learn.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,11/21/2013,44,14,8,8,5>The first couple of times that I came here, I had a BLAST. Got there early enough to order drinks at the swim up bar, ride around the lazy river (drunk), enjoy the dj, & eat at the cantina close by.  I posted so many pictures on Instagram, that a lot of people were asking me how it was lol.ANYWAYS....Last weekend (August 17th, 2013) to be exact, I had my friend add me to their guest list. I was told that I can get 2 comped tickets & 2 tickets 1/2 off. I brought my cousin & 2 friends from Reno with me. Well when I got to the door, I told the guy I was on the list. So he gets on his headset & "calls" Omid (who was supposed to have put us on the list). Not sure if he got a hold of him or not, but he just ended up giving me 2 comped ticket & didn't bother to listen to anything else I wanted to say. I was trying to tell him that I was supposed to get 2 more tickets that were1/2 off... but he just cut me off & said, "this is all I can do". Both my friend & I work in the industry, so I was pretty pissed. I wanted to forget about the situation, so we immediately went to the main bar to get a drink. We stood there for 20 minutes and finally got a drink. When that was done, we went to the swim up bar for another drink & the bartender didn't help us WHATSOEVER. We were literally waiting for a drink for a good 30-40 minutes (along with these other girls that were sitting next to us). My cousin & I decided to go BACK to the main bar to try to get a drink there instead. We waited for a good 20 min. NOTHING. THEN we went to the other side of the bar to a different bartender who was more attentive. He served us within 5-10 min. Dive Day Club... PLS hire more bartenders!!! PLS!! I wasn't the only one who was complaining that day, trust me. Other than that, I really love this place. It's close to my house, they book good dj's, & I LOVE the lazy river! hahaHere are some tips to avoid running into the same problem I did:*Pre drink*Get there SUPER early if you wanna buy a drink at the bar -_-*Buy your ticket online (unless you trust the person who put you on the guest list.. so you don't have to deal with that douche bag guy that I dealt with)
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/20/2013,177,489,2,5,4>Time to update my review of this great place.  Not that my previous review no longer applies, in fact that is where I really sing the praises of this place.... but because we went here now looking for good vegan food.  A buddy that reviews food and writes about food (or Siracha!), told me the owner of Churchill's became a vegan so they have some good vegan choices.  A vegan British pub?  Hmm...  well we had to try.We started with the day's special of Siracha flavored hummus.  Wow... out of the park.  Then a vegan Shepherds Pie.  Finally... I found a great vegan pie.  It was tasty.Then the house specialty, the curry.  With tofu.  We dialed it to 7.5 on the hotness scale and it was hot... but very good. I understand that you can get it hotter... but it certainly means your dining experience will extend to the next day.We understand that they are opening up another place that will offer even more vegan options.  yay!Parking is still interesting.  Service is still great.  Beer selection is over the top.  The owner stopped at the table and chatted and was a super nice guy.  Love this place!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,11/19/2013,100,343,4,4,5>After our anniversary dinner, we decided to search for chocolate somewhere other than where we ate dinner.  My boyfriend remembered coming to this place and we decided to give it a go. We had the most delicious piece of chocolate cake. And the most delicious cake balls. If you love chocolate than you really have to come here.Robin was so nice and friendly!  She remembered my boyfriend from the last time he had come in. Awesome! Her recommendations were spot on.The place is very calming.  I can't wait to come back!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/18/2013,489,211,7,4,5>I have a confession to make: I stole something from this store.First off I must say that if it were'nt for this Pet Haus we have missed out on one of the greatest joys of our lives. I'm talking about the pet adoption back in April that took place here at this location. We had no plans to stop in but, as luck would have it, we were passing by on the way to a UYE in North Park. We chanced upon a the cutest puppy. Her name is "Shelby". She was a rescued pitbull/doberman mix that was heading for eutthinasia due to her overly shy demeaner. Now we could not let that happen so we filled out the necessary application in spite of the fact that she would hardly look at me let alone let us pet her. Some animals take time, patients and love. Three months later, Shelby is the joy of the household. She has made leaps and bounds, (pun intended), and has stolen our hearts. So how about Pet Haus the store? Have we been back there since? Absolutely! With 4 onsite dogwash bathing stations and loads of pet products for our fishpond, our three cats and our five new Grandkittens this is our one stop shopping location for our joyfull friends that brighten our lives.Now, for my confession. What did I steal? Well if you thought it was Shelby, I wouldn't call that a theft. I'd call that a miracle discovery. No it was a bag of fish food that I tucked under my arm one day while washing Shelby. I had no intention of becoming a thief that day, it was an accident. Shebly was so fresh and clean and trotting around the store, I simply forgot to pay and walked right out the door. No worries as before getting home I turned around and went back to pay.No harm done.We love Pet Haus and so do our pets.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,11/17/2013,204,414,6,10,8>Bounce California is a great venue for a kiddie birthday party especially if the group is mainly composed of six to seven year old super active boys! Our son had his birthday party here last weekend and it was such a great event. Susan and her team were on hand to teach the kids how to use the equipment while having tons of fun doing it! Ziplines, trampolines, swings and jumpy basketball were just some of the things the boys had fun playing with. The party package included an hour of floor time plus 30 minutes of food and cake (we brought the food though). They were even gracious enough to extend our time for a minimal fee.They also set up the party place before we arrived including chairs and tables (with tablecloth), all included in the package fee. Everything was already in order when we arrived and it was probably one of the least stressful kiddie parties we have ever hosted. The boys were exhausted but happy at the end of the party (my little one especially) so I say try this place out. Prices are reasonable, and customer service is great!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,11/16/2013,255,397,3,6,4>Here is my take on Tio Leos.Its not traditional legit Mexican food and if you are going there expecting the Mexican experience  you are going to the wrong place. if you want some perfectly tasty well done American style Mexican, you will enjoy your food. Its not the Sinaloa or Tijuana street tacos place, its the San Diego place that makes good beans and SD style Mexican and they do it well.  They have great margaritas and really good service.  You can always get a table there and the people are really nice.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,11/15/2013,275,569,3,3,3>I am not a gourmet burger type of person. I love In-N-Out and Hodad's. I think the best burgers in the world are in the $5 or less range, so this is not really my type of place. Nevertheless, I came with a friend because I wanted to give it a try. I saw that they had a new item on the menu  - the seared albacore sandwich and ordered it because I love fish. Great choice. Great texture, a really yummy pesto and tomato sauce on there, so delicious that I ate the whole thing, plus fries and onion rings, even though that was definitely way too much food.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/14/2013,408,486,3,6,3>OMG is right! I knew that Snooze was taking the place of the IHOP but I somehow missed the news of the opening, despite living within walking distance. As my boyfriend and I drove by the Del Mar Highlands this weekend, I told him about it and being a good little Yelper, immediately hopped onto my mobile app to see the details. When we noticed the 4.5 star rating, we knew we'd found our brunch spot for Sunday morning.We arrived at 11 a.m. and had about a 30-40 minute wait. The awesome part is that they take your cell phone number and send you a text when your table is ready so you can wander through the shops in the area while you wait. We decided to take this opportunity to get our grocery shopping done for the week. Just as we were finishing our shopping, we got the message that our table was ready. While my boyfriend loaded up our groceries, I headed over the check in.And this is where things got interesting. It couldn't have been more than five minutes (if even) since we got the text when I checked in but they couldn't find our name. Turns out that someone else claimed our table. Not sure how that happened but I don't blame the restaurant for it. How could they have known that it wasn't the right person?We were still seated quickly, albeit at the bar counter. Thanks to the restaurant's diner feel, this wasn't too much of a hassle although it did put my boyfriend in direct eyesight of the NFL game on TV. After looking over the menu I decided on the OMG French toast and phew, OMG is right! Without a doubt, this is the best French toast that I've ever tasted. The combination of fresh sliced strawberries, toasted coconut and salted caramel was perfection. I cleaned my whole plate, which is not something I can often say as I'm a rather light eater. But with this dish, I couldn't help myself! I also tried a side order of the hash browns and while I usually prefer them to be a little crispier, these were well seasoned and delicious!My boyfriend ordered the Upstream Benny, which is an eggs benedict with smoked salmon. Although he said that it could have been warmer, he still seemed to enjoy it and finished his meal.Seeing as this place is so close to my house, we'll likely be back for brunch again soon!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,11/13/2013,250,200,4,4,5>This is already on my list of HH spots haha! Why? Food was good, prices were fair, service was excellent, ambiance was relaxing, what else do I need to ask for? We ordered 5 appetizers and 2 drinks among the 4 of us, and each of us paid less than 30 bucks including tax and tip, walking out of the restaurant with a full stomach!I highly recommend the shrimp with the amazing bread soaked in the buttery sauce. Yum yum. I also liked the burrata. You can't go wrong with burrata right!? The mussels served with a tomato-based sauce were pretty refreshing and enjoyable. You must order the drink Kickboxer! It's got passion fruit juice and habanero in it! Very refreshing! It's good to know that their cocktails were all made with real juices! They have a pretty extensive cocktail menu to choose from. You should try all of them and make sure you have your DD! hahahaYou could skip the meatballs - they were decent but there's nothing special about it.The calamari was not bad with the red sauce, but the white sauce tasted a bit too sour and creamy for me... I didn't like it. I still have other stuff that I want to try so I'll definitely be back.Thank you David for being a wonderful server / bar manager. See you soon!For another point of view of the same experience, please read Teresa N.'s review. I went with her. HAHAHA!!!!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/14/2012,17,236,4,16,4>Signed up last week for my first gym experience in way too long (years and years) and, it's pretty nice!   Since it opened today, all the machines and equipment seem to be brand spanking new (I saw some being set up when I was getting signed up) and there's a row of TVs across the whole floor to watch as you get your cardio action on.  And cardio is what I'm there for (have I told you it's been too long?) and Planet Fitness fits me well with this.   Plenty of treadmills, ellipticals, cycles and stair climbers are available, lined up across the floor and machines for working your abs, legs and other body parts are located on the sides and the rear of the gym.  Since today was the first day, I just spent my time exploring and testing and warming up, and while I still don't have the hang of the stair climbers, I'm looking foward to 'em as they are tall!  They've also got some of those cool massage chairs from the mall and hydromassage beds that made my wife giggle when she tried that out.  Since I wasn't familiar with some of the equipment fitting adjustments, I asked a staff member who wasn't really certain on how that was done either.  So I'm thinking that the trainers/staff, as well as the equipment, may be need some breaking in and perhaps won't be the most helpful for novices like me right away.   Another thing that was amusing was that there's a bowl of Tootsie Rolls near the help desk, which the voice on the piped in music station encourages you to visit to take one - a reward for your exercise time there.   Have to admit, I like the way they think! ~lol~This business is set up in the old Long Drugs location, so there's a good amount of parking available.   Hours are 24/7 so it's going to be plenty convenient and hopefully not an inconvenience to the shopping cart camper I saw enjoying a night of sleep in front of the nearby Citibank the other night.EDIT (11/06/12):  They just had their first pizza night (first Monday night of every month), as a reward of sorts for members.  I think the reasoning is to remind folks that it's not a terrible thing to treat yourself now and then.  Anyway, my thought when I first heard about this is that they were probably going to have some cheapie cheese pizza slices available which is still a nice gesture.  But instead, they had pizza from Big Bob's Best Pizza!!   Definitely a quality pizza (see my review on Bob's elsewhere) and further proof that Planet Fitness wants to make your gym experience comfortable and fun!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,12/13/2012,529,620,5,6,6>My mom and I came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon. Thought we'd give the place a second try; I wasn't impressed with the food or the service my first time around during the grand opening years ago. I'm really glad that we gave this place another chance because we were pleasantly surprised. So surprised that I've deemed this my new lunch spot...we'll, at least on those days that I feel like splurging on a piece if piping hot catfish or fried chicken. Apparently, I'm not the only one who thinks Felix's is a great lunch spot because the place was packed! I had the fried catfish sandwich. It came out so hot that I had to wait to dig in, that was REALLY hard. The steam was still seething out of the catfish when I was done with my meal and ready to box up the leftovers; I could only eat 1/4 of it because that sandwich was huge! And Kudo's to Felix's - Thank goodness someone in San Diego county knows how to make real Southern style sweet tea! It was delicious, especially along side one of those perfectly cooked cornbread muffins. They were served hot and had the perfect amount of sweetness. I almost forgot I was at Felix's and not my mama's house (I pray she doesn't see this review).The service was okay. A bit on the slooooow side, but who cares when the end result is a fantastic soulful meal on a beautiful day in sunny San Diego county.I will definitely return soon!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,12/12/2012,189,258,6,9,7>I stumbled across Paws for Style while searching high and low for a groomer that deals with typically aggressive dogs. I had found other websites that had either a zero tolerance policy for snappy dogs or upcharged $15 or more to deal with them. My Alpha is a good dog but has been "kicked out" of the Petco-type grooming facilities for apparently trying to bite. We had never witnessed any such behavior but took their word for it.Alpha desperately needed a nail trim. They were getting long and snarly, and uncomfortable too, I imagined. Finally, thanks to Yelp, I found Paws for Style. I called and spoke with a very knowledgeable and friendly woman, Stephanie I think. She assured me, "we'll give it a go! No problem." I asked if they muzzle, would she like me to help restrain her, or can I help in anyway? She said they only muzzle if ABSOLUTELY necessary. We booked her first Sunday morning appointment.We were greeted warmly and I watched nervously as Stephanie "introduced herself" and led Alpha to the table where she would be clipped. She scooped Alpha up with no hesitation, and strapped her into the leashes to hold her head still. Stephanie had Alpha trimmed in less than two or three minutes and returned her to me at the front. She even got a treat for being a good girl! I was very pleased with the service and can't wait to bring my parent's other dogs in to see Stephanie!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,12/11/2012,83,241,4,9,5>Bought a Groupon deal and tried to make an appointment. Misty was booked for the day but her other stylist Kathryn was super accommodating and willing to fit me in.The salon: very cute and quaint, unlike some other salons that make you feel a little lost. Misty, the owner, did a great job with the decorations.Kathryn really listened to what I wanted, which was a fresh and youthful cut that did not require too much maintenance. She continued to ask me questions about my hair routine so that she could trim the layers accordingly. She also showed me a trick to creating loose romantic waves in my hair using a flat iron. Totally going to do this before work from now on!I highly recommend this salon!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/10/2012,11,82,,7,3>Just an update: Our child will be moving on to Public school next year and I know he will be more then ready for the challenge. All the students in his class are reading at least at a 1st grade level and many are verging on second grade level books. They already have most 1st grade arithmetic skills and science skills mastered or emerging. Most importantly they are excited about learning and going  to school each day. We are happy with our choice to send our son to this school.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,12/9/2012,189,471,,5,2>My 2 year old son has seen Dr. Curt Vogel three times.  Last year, I brought my son to DMGNC for a rash (which turned out to be eczema)  and I screwed up my appointment.  I was there a day early.  Instead of sending me home, they fit me in ON THE SPOT with Dr. Vogel.  Now, he's not a pediatric dermatologist, but he has experience with kids.  That's fine.  I was thrilled to be seen that day and not have to come back.Dr. Vogel is super nice.  We talked, he gave me  all the information I needed, wrote me a prescription, and told me to call if I have any questions or concerns.  A few months later, we needed to go back for a change of medication.  It's a pretty expensive medication, so he gave me samples which lasted quite a while!We just saw him last week and once again, he answered all my questions (even pediatric skin stuff- but it was probably just general skin stuff that my kid has and not necessarily related to his age), I've never had any trouble with getting a call back from his nurse or making an appointment.  I've never felt rushed and even though a year had passed from our last visit, he acted like it was just yesterday that we saw him.  We've never had to wait more than 5 minutes in the office.I'm very impressed with this place and would not hesitate to recommend them.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/8/2012,52,77,4,4,4>Craving sweets my friend and I decided to try out VG's on our way down to the San Diego Airport. Having both heard glowing reviews for VG's we both decided it was about time we tried it ourselves. On a Monday night around 7pm the store was pretty quiet, but a lot of people quickly filtered in and out during our dessert binge.Bingeing:- One Dozen Various Donuts- Napoleon - Cream PuffBecause two tiny girls need a dozen donuts, a Napoleon, a cream puff, and two coffees...We read reviews before heading into VG's and ordered some of the favorites: the cinnamon twist and blueberry buttermilk old fashion donuts. We found all the donuts to be fresh and delicious. The cinnamon twist was good, but what we really loved was the blueberry buttermilk old fashion donuts, which was not too sweet and had a delicious crispy outside and soft cakey inside. After ordering a dozen donuts and sitting down we noticed we didn't even see the refrigerated desserts next to the cash register. So, we decided, yes, we need more sweets. We ended up with a Napoleon and cream puff. I happen to  LOVE Napoleons and I really liked this one. The cream filling was delicious and rich without being too sweet. The pastry layers had gotten a little soft, which comes with sitting for a while, but still, I'd get this Napoleon again. The cream puff was okay. Pretty standard with a whipped cream like filling, which is not my favorite, but nonetheless okay.The guy behind the counter was really nice and patient with us two indecisive girls.Basically VG's is pretty good and if I were in the area and craving donuts or something sweet I'd head back to VG's.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,12/7/2012,63,94,4,2,2>I think 4 1/2 star average out of 150+ reviews speaks for itself, but I need to get my review number up, so here it is! Don't let the shopping mall location of BB deter you. Inside will transport you to a magical kingdom made of cheese with rivers of red sauce. These guys aren't frontin' like they are from New Yawk, they are, and you can see and taste that in their pies. They aren't cheap and pies only come in one size (unless you get some slices), but you get what you pay for. They have some unique pizzas, like the baked ziti pizza if you are feeling rather gluttonous. Their house salad is a bit strange, they put marinated mushrooms in it and the dressing is pretty bland. But lets be honest, I am not there for their greens selection.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,12/6/2012,68,61,3,4,3>This place was really good!! The food was very fresh and tasted authentic! The night I went was customer appreciation night, so their house beers and wine were half off! Uh-mazing! The vegetables I ate we're THE best vegetables I've ever had!! Yum! I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice sit down dinner. The staff was all SO friendly, it felt like a family owned And run place. The only complaint I had was that there were a few children running around yelling. But personally, the food out weighed the yelling.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,12/5/2012,34,249,2,4,3>My girlfriends decided to spoil me for my birthday and take me to this fabulous find here in San Marcos/San Elijo. I was so impressed by the service, the food, and especially the array of wines to choose from. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful and made our evening that much better! Need less to say we had a fabulous time, we have already recommended it to a bunch of our friends, and we are looking forward to coming back soon!!Thank you again Bonnie and friends!!!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,10/5/2012,722,527,10,8,7>booyah.ka.sha.tasty tacos for surfers and their pals, with great views in NC coastal... so whats good on ya, you ask?*BAM* Crispy DUCK tacos - fatty, crispy goodness*BAM* OXTAIL tacos - yummy tacos (on special tho, so call ahead)*BAM* Sensational SURF n TURF tacos/burritos - camarones y carne asada*BAM* Flavorful FISH tacos - sea bass anyone?*BAM* did someone say LOBSTER tacos? - get some.*BAM* Creamy BEANS and Savory RICE on the side*BAM* Peel and Eat SHRIMPS - get yer mitts durty*BAM* te quieres cerveza? o yes, pass me a cold one.Dudes, Dudettes and Lil Gromms... make sure to grab some tacos after a good surf session... or whenevers, really.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,10/4/2012,42,13,4,6,4>Since I will be in Encinitas 1 day out of the week for work, I figure Yelp is my "go to" source for lunch options.Today I was craving me for some Mexican food. Betsy's seems to be the place nearby. I came in, and realized that this was a sit down place. So, that means it will be slightly more $ plus tip. I ordered a Carnitas Burrito for $5.99 plus Soda and side of sour cream. My bill was a little over $8. The food came out fairly quickly with a basket of chips and salsa. (A plus)Now, I'm used to just lots of meat, but this one had beans and rice inside with less meat. The meat was well marinated, and with the rice and beans, it was actually very filling.The place was clean and bright. ( Gotta see the flags and Wall colors) I will be back to try other things in the menu. But, overall was good experience.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,10/3/2012,391,270,3,11,2>Finally came back to this place after a hiatus.  My friend and I had the day off and since I just did the Gladiator Rock n Run last weekend, I was dying for a massage.  I tried to look to see if they had a website yet, but there is none.  Anyway, I called about 2 hours ahead of time to book (originally) two foot massage appointments (which includes a little head/shoulder/back massage too, if you didn't know:  cost was $20.  Then we were running a little late, so I called to let them know and they were cool about it.  When we got there, we decided to upgrade to the 40 min massage/30 min foot massage for $40!  What a great deal.  From what I vaguely remember, here are some of the costs:30 min foot massage - $2030 mins foot msg with hot stones - $251 hour body massage - I think $40-$45?40 min body/30 min foot - $40 (best deal I think)You can request for male or female if you have a preference.  Also, not much English is spoken here, but if you go in already knowing what you want then it really helps to cut out a lot of the confusion that may take place.  My friend I brought (a guy) usually goes to Massage Envy down the street but has now become a fan of this place!  They key is to remember it's Chinese massage, which in my opinion is quite different from a regular Swedish massage, in a sense where I think they really get in there and get your knots out!  This means yes, they will massage your butt, back, legs, arms, head, shoulders and even under your shoulderblades, but I never felt violated and neither did my friend.  We're coming back!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/2/2012,88,157,6,7,6>Came on a Wednesday just a bit after 5. It was pretty empty, only 2 other tables and a lot of empty space. We were seated in a booth, pretty far from the bar so I didn't get to look at their shelves. So.. Wednesday is Wings Wednesday! I had no idea, I only came with the intention of getting bulgogi fries and kalbi tacos (from Yelp reviews). But since their wings were $5 for 8, I thought "What the heck?" Go big or go home, right? I went big. They only had 3 sauces--soy sauce, buffalo, and spicy. We weren't sure which one to get, so I asked him if we can get different sauces, but our server refused. Oh well. We went with buffalo; I thought it was ok. Nothing too special. If I came again, even on a Wednesday, I'd skip it. Now... bulgogi fries. Ain't on the menu, but the best thing in the kitchen. Oh man! Yummy! Fries smothered in bulgogi and cheese. When it first came out, I was still a little skeptical. I wasn't sure how the bulgogi and cheese would taste, especially since they put a lot, a lot of cheese. But it was amazing, I loved it. The girls easily agreed it would be pregnancy craving food. I also got kalbi tacos. The kalbi was super good--flavorful and tender. It was actually thick pieces of short rub. A little bit of sauce, which is good, didn't overpower the meat. My friend got pork belly tacos and those came double wrapped, which is a good idea because mine weren't double wrapped and the tortilla kept breaking. But then again, an extra tortilla is like an extra 100+ calories, so maybe I'll stick with the tortilla breaking and suck it up. =P The pork belly was ok, but I enjoyed my kalbi a lot more. Another friend got their chicken salad. Skip it. It was horrible. It's kinda hit or miss, but I really enjoyed the bulgogi fries and kalbi tacos.. so 4 stars! From other reviews, it looks like they have taco tuesdays... I'll have to come back on a Tuesday then!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,10/1/2012,423,487,6,7,5>Efficient, cheap (with living social deal), fast service.....I was that girl driving driving ghetto fabulously with the big crack and three bullet looking holes in her windshield for the past 6 years.  Eh too cheap and lazy to replace it and my insurance didn't cover it.   Anyways, found a living social deal that I couldn't pass up.  20 dollars for 150 dollars towards a window replacement.  So really I only paid 120 bucks! SCORE!   I called around other places to compare and this place was still the cheapest by far.We came on a friday afternoon and it was busy so our wait was about 45 minutes.  No too bad, the time flew by anyways as dad and I sat in the little waiting room chatting with the staff.  The waiting room is small but has a couple chairs, couch, water tank and some magazines.  So FYI, keep your eye out for groupons or living social deals for this place.  Otherwise, the guy told me it was regularly 250 bucks for a window replacement. Yikes!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,9/30/2012,304,956,3,5,3>I love my husband so much. What has this to do with Thai? Everything. For all of you, Thai is one of my favorite cuisines. I could probably eat Thai everyday, I love it so much. Feeling very sad that my hubby was going to be leaving for a long trip and leaving me behind, he Yelped (which is usually my job) and took me here for dinner to put a smile on my face. It worked ten fold!!! First of all, I love the decor. The dark red makes the place feel so intimate and cozy, I just look beyond the casualness of it. Second, our server took the order in Thai. So that means AUTHENTIC is in the house! Third, the thai iced tea is a tad sweet. Watch out if it bothers you. Fourth, they serve duck!!! I cannot express to you how when a Thai place serves duck, it just makes my life even better. Which I promptly ordered. (Or rather the hubby ordered while I was in the bathroom.) Which brings us to Five, he ordered a medium plus which I couldn't eat at all because my mouth was on fire!!! I politely asked our server if they could add something to the dish to make it less spicy. They did and didn't have a problem accommodating my wimpy tongue. (By the way, the dish was super good and if my mouth wasn't on fire, I would have eaten it medium plus!) Six, they gave my hubby extra rice free of charge. Seven, their sticky rice and mango was sublime. Eight, they accept AMEX. Nine, the service was excellent. Ten, this place is right off the 15 freeway and the first exit you come to from south. Ok that's not really a reason but I did say ten fold, didn't I? What a treat for Temecula!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,9/29/2012,216,159,,12,5>I go here for Kim & Kim only! She's by far the best! I've been and paid way more money at other salons for far less value! She's a perfectionist, and for some reason my nails never break when she does them. My re-fills aren't every 2 weeks, they last about 3, because she provides me with the best lasting quality! This fits my busy/crazy lifestyle, and I'm appreciative that she does such a good job she understands the value of having a life long customer/client! Other places do such poor jobs my re-fills needed to be maintained by two weeks minimum!*Don't judge a book by its cover ~ the location is good, but not great! A local gem! Do get a pedicure in their new high-end massage chairs.....worth it!  Benefits: Price, Plasma Screen TV with Cable, WI-Fi available in salon if you need to bring your notebook & catch up on work while getting a pedi! :-)
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/28/2012,894,543,5,11,6>I love that there is some decent food in the Westfield mall now.I love tamales but since I don't know how to make them I have been getting them here. They have a variety of flavors such as carnitas, chorizo, chicken and beef. I love their sweet tamales such as sweet corn which taste like mushed up cornbread in a tamale shell. The pineapple raisin is good too. Prices: $2.25 which is a little steep since their tamales aren't huge but they are freshly made. They do have a lunch special for $5.00 which includes rice and beans and a drink! Their rice is phenomenal and has lots of spices and their retried beans don't taste like canned. They also have happy hour from 5-6 where you can get $1.00 tamales and tamale Tuesday where they are $1.25Service is exceptional and David is also very gracious and friendly.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,9/27/2012,55,164,4,6,3>This is the same place that used to be Rancho Bernardo, I don't know the reason for the move but I'm happy they are close to home now.I really enjoy the super thin crust and fresh toppings and great salads, also they have gluten free crust and it's really good. For drinks they serve bottled beer and wine for a reasonable price, and the typical soda fountain selections. (coke brand).The restaurant has a great modern and comfortable decor with bench seating and a TV for sports. The staff are very friendly and helpful, and kept the place very clean.I will be a regular for sure.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,9/26/2012,101,397,11,13,13>my GREY GOOSE dirty with BLUE CHEESE OLIVES -- yeah, it was that kinda day -- arrived perfectly chilled, shaken not stirred. a second followed close behind the first. a couple drinks are not enough to make me believe i'm handsome and bulletproof but sufficient to guarantee i'll be tolerably pleasant company ... the ALBACORE CRUDO (short stacks of albacore, thinly sliced radish and avocado, lemon juice and EVOO) was perfect or perhaps it was just the warm afterglow of that second martini. the BABY BEET SALAD (with goat cheese, toasted hazelnuts and orange-sherry vinaigrette) and BABY GREENS SALAD (with strawberries, pt. reyes blue cheese and golden balsamic vinaigrette) were both lightly dressed, visually appealing and plenty tasty.the PORK BELLY appetizer (crispy pork belly with manila clam chowder and shishito peppers) was easily the best dish of the evening. pig and clams -- i mean you'd really have to work at it to go far wrong when you were off to such a great start.i thought the CHARCUTERIE PLATE was fun and imaginative with an interesting array of things to nibble but the server set the plate in front of my six-year old, he looked a bit overwhelmed. fortunately there was plenty WADE's MAC N CHEESE ordered by his eight-year old sister (CRAFTSMAN doesn't have a kid's menu) to go around -- creamy, rich and delish !!!the DUCK FAT FRIES were good but not particularly unique though i guess it would be tough to live up to the hype.i'm a sucker for just about anything braised and the RIBS (merlot braised short ribs, horseradish potato puree, red onion marmalade with beef jus) were truly amazing. the spuds were a nice sidekick -- great comfort food.the FETTUCCINE (house-made fettuccine, local corn velouté, goat cheese and chives) arrived well after the other entrees and the pasta was way, way, way short of al dente. it was pretty obvious somebody dropped the ball and then rushed it out before the fettuccine had a chance to cook properly and i mean not even close -- every bite had that raw flour taste. the corn was an odd but interesting addition. sauce had lots of rich flavor and a nice mouth feel. i'm not much of a desert eater (except for those rare genius moments when some wily chef has the vision to work in a little bacon) so i left the TART (bittersweet chocolate tart with salted caramel) and ROOT BEER CAKE (with vanilla ice cream) for everybody else to fight over but they both got excellent reviews except nobody seemed to be able to taste the root beer.service was attentive and engaging without hovering but the bus boy seemed fairly obsessive about clearing the table -- they were pretty busy and i guess they're short plates ...
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,6/5/2013,47,76,2,3,2>This place has AMAZING food.The food here is awesome but sometimes expensive. I reccommend you sign up for their e-mail deals and go there whenever they have a bucket special. I try and stick to the bucket for two, and then have it feed three people.The drinks here are pretty good, but depending on the weather tend to get watered down due to ice. The beer selection is average for a non-brewery location and they are usually served pretty chilled.The only star this place loses is due to the chip and salsa bar. The tiny cups are annoying to get salsa into, and the 4 out of the 5 times I have been there in recent months the chips have been stale.That being said, I think this place is definitely worth a visit. After you are done, walk down to the waterfront get yourself some coffee on the way and then enjoy a beautiful sunset.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2013,6/4/2013,226,131,3,4,3>This Habit has actually turned into a real habit Thursday's, a great place to grab a quick burger, no fuss. In fact, I love the mushroom burger. I get it wrapped in lettuce! I appreciate the Habit's wrap talent, probably the best I've ever seen. Not even In and Out can wrap their way. Sweet potato fries delicious, very crispy, never soggy. Also, they got it going on in the milkshake department, literally... top milkshake makers. The only negative is their ranch, it considerably appears watered down. This place can get real busy on Friday and Saturday evenings, but they are fast! Also, they have a great outdoor patio.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/3/2013,303,270,11,14,12>Since my last review in Nov. 2010 Luna Grill has grown for the better! The place is as clean as ever. The employees are friendly and helpful. By far the best chicken I have had in a long while. Their chicken is consistently juicy and tasty. One thing that bugs is a dry bird. What really wins me over is kids eat free for dinner on Sundays. That is awesome!!!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/2/2013,48,92,3,6,4>I had just gotten off work and was desprately in need of an oil change before I attempted to get my poor Lucy smogged. I pulled right in to the bay and Jason my tech let me stay in my car so I could be lazy. The guys were done in under 20mins and even grabbed my card so I didn't have to get up to pay. Great experiance!!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,6/1/2013,55,135,2,4,4>I'm not sure what it is exactly but I can't get enough of this place. It's delicious. I get the mixed rotisserie plate with half chicken and half lamb and two sides of salad instead of a salad and hot side. The cucumber dill is really good. They give you sauce with your order and the garlic sauce and hot sauce are the way to go. I haven't tried much else on the menu besides the rotisserie plate but I have been here four times inside of a week and haven't gotten tired of it. I would highly recommend The Kebab Shop.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,5/31/2013,489,320,7,12,8>I've always wanted to try the pilates reformer and apparatus classes. They recently opened one up in Mira Mesa. New clients get their first class for only $5 so a few girlfriends and I decided to give it a try. We opted for the "Pilates Reformer Level 1' since we wanted to get the basic fundamentals down first. There are different levels of intensity from the complete novice, borderline evil (bring it), to the highly advanced (hurt so good).We came on a weeknight and had ample parking and avoided the traffic. First impression: The facility  is well-maintained and clean. Equipment is wiped off by previous users and I didn't feel gross using the equipment at all. Big deal coming from a germaphobe like myself. Class: You reserve your spot online which is a great system and super convenient. I believe you can have a max of 10 people per class. Instructors can be a hit or miss. Fortunately for us, we had a spunky and enthusiastic instructor named Gretchen. Song selection is also vital and she had a nice mix to motivate us gals. Instructions were easy to follow and the movements weren't too complicated. If you're not flexible enough though, this class can pose as a challenge for you. Like all pilates classes, practice makes perfect. The reformer can be adjusted to your level of resistance with bands. You can go crazy intense if you want to really break a sweat. I am working on getting a more lean, toned figure and strengthen my core (I'm competing for the best looking six-pack by this summer). Haha..I'm not even close !I have yet to really commit to classes, but it was a positive first time experience. Their package deals are reasonably priced so check out what works best for you on their website.I do plan to up my pilates game and push myself to try a more advanced level. Pilates reformer, we will meet again !Highly recommend !
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,5/30/2013,58,116,9,10,6>In a nutshell: Clean, fast, knowledgeable, reasonable pricing and above all professional!!  This is where you want to take your German cars period!  I have no tolerance for complacency and neither do they, match made in heaven.     I recently acquired an E39 M5 model year 2002.  The machine has been dubbed "Jen" after my wife for some very simple reasons.  She looks great in a strut, standing still, there isn't a bad angle on her and every sound she makes really gets my attention.  She was also named Jen because she is expensive to maintain, will really make you pay if you ignore her, is infuriatingly complicated but every time I take her out for a good hard drive I walk away sweaty, exhausted, and with an ear to ear grin on my face!  Whoa what a ride!!  I needed to find a "go to" spot to really take good care of my beast and after one visit, I think I have my spot!!The storefront is very easy to recognize in a sea of industrial buildings.  Parking is easily accessed and there is enough of it.  The lobby really helps you gain confidence as they an authorized dealer for some of the most exclusive and sought after performance parts for German automobiles.  Steve greeted my for my scheduled appointment and explained what would be included in the free ($135.00 value) first time customer inspection.  I left Jen in his hands feeling confident I would know if I had to take out a second mortgage on my home for repairs or if I really had found and purchased the gem I thought I had.  The following day I got a call from Steve and he explained that the car was in incredible condition.  There were no immediate needs but a few things they recommended I do just to keep the car in the great shape it is in.  Now here is where I was floored.  NO PRESSURE...NO ALARMS...NO DOOM and GLOOM.  Steve was matter of fact, I need rear brakes soon, clutch has 10-15k miles left depending on how I drive it (its a 2002 M5 with nearly 80k miles still on its original clutch which is incredible by itself).  That was it...I was ready to go...I didn't know what to say.  I asked them to drive the car...like really drive it...like he owned it and give me his impressions.  He did just that and after gathering his impressions he had a second mech drive it too just to confirm.  He let me know that the car was a bit shy on power, which I found hard to believe but hey more power, I'm game.  The car was not breathing as well as it could and he recommended both mass air flow sensors be replaced.  I happen to know those are over $500.00 each...from BMW.  He chuckled and let me know he could have it done in a few hours with OEM parts for just under 600.00...DONE!!!  I could not be happier with the results.  Its like they dialed in an extra 20HP!  They have earned my loyalty in spades!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/29/2013,61,323,2,3,3>I'd been really itching to try this place for awhile, but finally a movie came out that I "had" to see... perfect opportunity!  We got there a bit early and sat at the bar area for awhile.  Good selection, and decent service.  Once into the theater itself... WOW.  Big comfy leather recliners... nice start.  We ordered a couple of drinks and some food.  It took awhile to show up, but it sure was good.  I'd definitely say the place exceeded my expectations.  A couple recommendations... buy your tickets early!  It's not open seating.. you pick where you want to sit.  As a result, the better seats get booked up pretty quickly.  Also, I went to a showing that was 21+ only.  I definitely recommend that option... never worry about screaming/crying kids again!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,5/28/2013,152,326,2,2,2>Love this place-- something for everyone!Even my carnivorous pizza loving husband loves this place.  We love the smoothies and the fresh variety of food choices.sometimes I think of Lotus Cafe as being an american style cafe with healthy ingredients.  So someone who enjoys burgers can be satisfied.  It's great that each menu item gives you choices- can make almost everything either vegetarian, vegan, gluten free- whatever your diet is.It's always fresh and service with a smile.  Very reasonably priced!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,5/27/2013,423,376,,3,2>This is where we come for a 'healthy green' meal!  We have been coming here for the past two years (not too regularly), and when we came last Sunday, we were pleasantly surprised by the remodeling.  They have new salad plates, pasta plates, trays, soup bowls, and dessert bowls.  They also installed some new lighting and replaced the booths.  It looks very nice.  Food still taste great, and the service is very good!  Definitely a fan! :)
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/15/2013,63,88,3,2,2>I came here for a CT scan. Prior to my appointment they called me to confirm and tell me how much my cost would be which was nice because I was then not surprised i had to pay $278 for it. I filled out paperwork when I arrived and after I was done I saw there was a line. I stood behind 4 people but then the guy said he could help me which was great because I was taken to the back to get my scan right away instead of having to wait in line, turn in my paperwork, sit back down, etc. The tech explained the procedure and did the scan. I was done in what felt like 5 minutes then they checked me out since there was no longer a line. It was such an efficient process! Primary care doctors could learn from this place!They sent my scan to the doctor within a day and also sent me a CD with the scan. They are cheaper than getting a scan at a hospital so it is definitely worth looking into.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,6/14/2013,391,270,3,5,5>I've only been here for lunch but each time the food has been awesome!  I work nearby and it's possible to order your food online, pay for it and then just pick it up.  Plus, when you order online there are all these options that you can add on too!  I highly recommend doing this if you have the time.Btw, "doner" is pronounced like "DOUGH-NAIR", per correction from my Turkish co-worker :)TIPS:-Free drink if you check in on Yelp.-They can make it spicy upon request/give you extra spicy sauce-With that said, I don't think it's very spicy.  I always add Sriracha to my hot sauce from here.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,6/13/2013,116,236,3,4,3>I need more plant-based eateries in my life. How lucky am I to have finally found Native Foods? My husband and I went to this location for Saturday lunch and met with my sister, bro in law and their 2 kids. We secured a nice outdoor table in their spacious patio to enjoy the beautiful SoCal weather. The place was pretty busy but service was great. We didn't wait too long for our food: Native nachos to start, the Oklahoma Bacon Burger, the Portobello/Sausage Burger and the Steak Sandwich. The big win for me were the nachos but every item was pretty darn delicious. My nephew even seemed to enjoy his quinoa mac n' cheese! Bonus points for their ah-mazing watermelon fresca and lavender lemonade! This is so my new favorite spot that I jumped at the chance to visit one of their Orange County locations when I found myself up there the very next day. If that's not a sign of devotion I don't know what is. I know this place is already a successful chain but I would love to see more locations pop up. Pretty please?!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/12/2013,187,331,1,7,3>Some people collect Foursquare badges, and others, like Hostage Gastronome, collect badges of honor - getting cut off at the strawberry fields for the first time after 14 years of picking.  What could it have been that caused the worker to beckon us out... our bucket topped like a Marie Callender's fresh strawberry pie, Social Gourmand blithely swinging her 8" stemmed strawberry (verboten!), or me taking one bite out of a bland, watery strawberry, and spitting it out with overly dramatic disgust?I think time's are just a changing there - the bucket is now $20 so you're paying for the experience, not just the strawberries, they date it, and mark it with an "X" when you're done.  I've never returned with a used bucket, but then, the last time we picked I think it was $12.March is  a little early in the season for them to be sweet.  They rotate the picking areas - if you can, go under the power lines for monstrously huge ones.  Plan to eat your purchase in one day, or it will spoil.  Go hungry, and bring some shoes to change into.  We keep old sneakers in the garage as our dedicated picking shoes.Hopefully we only attracted their notice because of our gigantic children... normally they don't bother families with little kids all contributing to the same bucket.  A great place to bring your out-of-town guests!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/11/2013,224,171,4,5,5>First off CHECK IN on yelp for your free cup of soup ! The shrimp bisque is really good, according to my boyfriend who told me that after every bite he took ! For myself, I had the clam chowder and it was good too. Repeat after me, The white marble farm french pork chop. The white marble farm french pork chop, The white marble farm french pork chop... tender, juicy and well flavored. I HIGHLY recommend ! As for the boyfriend, Top Sirloin medium rare.. mm it was not undercooked or overcooked, flavor was excellent and very juicy. The service was over the top, our waiter was very attentive, but also gave us our privacy. I think we came before closing but did not feel rushed at all while we were dining. When we asked him for his recommendations he got in details and elaborated why, ie. to choose between the Top Sirloin or the Filet Mignon. My boyfriend and I left fully satisfied with 1) The food 2) The service. I feel very unfortunate for those that had a bad experience, but I really hope that it had a turnover because we would love to come back and enjoy the bar side of this restaurant.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/10/2013,49,172,,4,2>Love it...I expected this place to be like a HUT like the name says but the interior was fancy...kind of a nice surprise....We got seated promptly..We ordered tater tots cos...how many restaurants do tots and its been awhile we had some...For our entrees we ordered the amazing stir fry and delight broccoli..The food was delicious..my wife is very picky about eating fake meats but she absolutely loved the veggie protein texture and the taste of the sauce and the brown rice..My dish was delicious too..It has tofu, broccoli, carrots, zuccini, onions and veggie protein with brown rice on side..I loved it...For dessert we got the chocolate cake and like the other vegan cakes we tried earlier this was not dry..it was rich, moist and delicious...but a huge piece though...I am sure we are going back again and again and again because its very close to where I live and we have a million options to choose from and we want to try them all...
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/9/2013,190,270,5,5,2>you can't argue that Poseidon has the best ocean view in Del Mar.i mean.. how much closer you can get to the beach and the water !I like coming here better then to Jake's for a few reasons:- really good happy hour ( $5 glasses of wine,  $4 margaritas, beer and food specials)- very large outdoor patio- very prompt and fast service- the clean and nice decor- fresh seafood (try the sea bass, it is ah-mazing !)- not  crowded- not just seniors go here
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/8/2013,423,487,2,5,3>Delicious pizza and breadsticks with a view....Open wednesdays from 11am to "sunset"....Family run winery tucked in the hills of Escondildo.  One of the owners Rosa greeted my friend and I at the bar when we were getting our wine so that was really nice.  This place was easy to find with a GPS but without it I'd probably miss it.  When you're winding the roads up to this place, keep your eye out for the sign with a big red heart next to it.  Parking is spacious enough and a combination of pavement and dirt so keep that in mind.WineryIt's quaint and cozy, not massive and grand like your typical Temecula wineries.  Seating is all outdoors on the patio and there was one counter where you place your wine and food orders.  Next to the counter you can see the oven, where they make all the pizzas and breadsticks fresh to order.  The best seats are the ones at the edge of the patio because you don't have people blocking your views of the San Pasqual Valley.   Not all the tables have umbrellas for the sun, so bring your sunblock and hat just in case.  There's also a gift shop and you can host private events here.  I think you can make reservations too since I saw some tables with reserved signs on it. FOODSoooo like everyone says, the pizza and breadsticks are deelish.  They are, I agree.  Pizzas start at $10 and an additional $1 for every topping.   I loved the margarita and sausage/mushroom.  Pizzas are a good size, around 8 slices.   I think breadsticks were around $2.50 for 4.  Didn't try the salad.Wine7 tastings for 10 bucks, which is a great deal.  However, I'm a whites and dessert wine gal and there was only 1 dessert and 2 whites offered so that was pretty disappointing and decided not to do the tasting.  You can get one glass for 8 bucks so ended up grabbing a glass of chardonnay (eh) since they ran out of their moscato (boo).   Though if you buy a bottle it's around 20 bucks, so prob a better deal if you plan on drinking more than one glass.  They had a lot more reds on their tasting menu, around 7 I think?  My friend had a glass of the cab or merlot (forgot which one) and said it was ok. Since there is only one small counter, you can't really stand there for your tastings.  Basically get one, chill at your table and then go back when you want your next tasting.Bottom line:I'd go here again for the pizza and views.  Great place to spend a sunday afternoon.  But I have to agree the wine is prob not the best.  * Tip:  it gets a bit chilly up here so I'd recommend bringing a jacket.  Some lady even brought her blanket!  There's some heat lamps but not enough for every table.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/7/2013,46,175,2,5,2>Hey now, I need to hop back on my review high horse. Here we go? Stadium Sports Bar & Restaurant. How do I feel about it?I love it. I don't think I've ever been to a better bar for not just the sports fan, but the sports fan who can't get enough of watching actual sports. This place has wisely done away with the problem of having to ask "Hey, can you change the channel to this game blah blah blah" by installing TV's at every booth. YES. Can't get a booth? Well the game you want to watch is still probably being shown on one or the other 50 monitors they have. Good food, great beer selection, friendly staff. I'm a fan.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,6/6/2013,84,114,2,5,2>I couldn't have been more pleased! After moving from western Washington to SoCal my skin became so dry it almost hurt to smile. Barbara did a great job with my microdermabrasion and recommended new moisturizing products and sun screen that really work for me now. Skin Studio 21 is exceptionally relaxing. There is nothing quite like popping in somewhere for a quick appointment and walking out feeling AND looking leaps and bounds better!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,11/2/2013,28,141,3,2,2>If you love meat then this place is for you. They have the largest variety of authentic German and Polish sausages, dried meats, ground meats, canned meats, more meat than I can mention. Plus they have a large selection of cheeses, canned imported products from Germany, and a very nice and large section just for beers and wines. Don't forget to grab some great chocolates of your way out.Oh and they have a restaurant attached so if you can't wait to get home and eat some of this stuff, just have them cook up a plate for you!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/1/2013,392,263,3,3,3>Great micro brewed beer in a hip environment is how I would describe Arcana Brewing Company. So many breweries focus solely on beer and neglect to decorate their tasting rooms. Arcana elevates the experience with a sweet environment. Colored lanterns, great reclaimed tables and interesting Chachkies surround the tasting area and give the tasting room character. Our server offered tastes of the beer with a friendly smile which was extremely helpful. I am not a huge tasting room junkie but Arcana shines bright in my book.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,10/31/2013,959,909,3,4,4>My friend wanted to meet up for lunch in the Mira Mesa area, so I was looking up places on Yelp. I found this place, but I thought I've been here before. I was confused with the one down the street. I got the BBQ banh mi. I like the bread here- more homemade tasting. It was warm, chewy, and toasty! You can get your banh mi with no jalapenos if you can't handle the heat. I also bought the banh bo, which is a greenish coconut flavored dessert cake. It was only $1.50 for about 4 slices. This place is very small, with three tables to enjoy your meal. They also serve spring rolls, boba drinks, and a few other Vietnamese food items. The food was fresh and fast. I'll be coming here again since it's so good, cheap, and close to my home.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,10/30/2013,95,170,3,5,3>It's Love Boat Sushi, yay!  See my other review for the Oceanside location.  Same menu here, but a slightly different vibe.  They do the strobe light birthday song too, so there's that! The downside for me was that unlike the uber-efficient staff at the Oceanside location, the service here was a bit slow. My favorite dishes are the Fish Cake, cucumber salad, and the Marine Boy roll.  Their salads are really good too - the greens are always fresh and the dressing is delicious. Also, I compare veggie tempura to Love Boat's whenever I order it elsewhere.  I should add that you can bring anyone here - if they don't care for sushi, there are lots of other menu options to choose from!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,10/29/2013,176,147,,8,3>My Hubby watches Diners,Drive Inns and Dives, Spirto's was featured to our surprise we live right down the street. We had never noticed it as its at the end of the shopping center.We went on a Wednesday night, supper busy, The famous ravioli's were already sold out. Placed our order, and we were told the wait would be 1 hour. Pretty surprising, but, with all the publicity of the show totally understandable. We placed our order and sat at a small table right outside the door. While we waited one of the staff came around to the guest an offered pizza slices, Nice touch and good too! We ordered Veal & Pasta along with a  antipasto salad. The wait wasn't quite and hour, probably 45 mins. Veal was tender, pasta with meat sauce was also good. The antipasto salad we ordered was over looked, so we told the waitress we would canc. the salad. While we were eating she came back with the a refund for the salad, along with a boxed antipasto salad to take home. Classy Spirto's! Really appreciated that they cared, and the Salad was amazing the next day!Would have scored higher, but its more of a order yourself and the seating is menial at best. But, don't let that stop you! Definitely will come back, just come a little earlier or late afternoon to avoid the crowds!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,10/28/2013,37,91,2,5,2>What a hidden gem!This is a restaurant/bakery/grocery store/butcher, all in one tiny place.  It seems like there's all the basics if you need to run in for something quickly. I haven't bought anything from the butcher or produce section yet, but I've had a few sweets from the bakery and a California burrito. The tortillas for the burrito are freshly prepared, and the burrito (about $6) is dressed in front of you, Subway style - with the cook asking what condiments you'd like.  The meat is tender, and the burrito is enough for two meals. One wall is lined with good from the bakery, including bread rolls and little pastries. All descriptions are in Spanish - I don't know what I had, but it was good! At about $0.50-$1.25 per item, the prices can't be beat.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/27/2013,68,61,3,3,3>Pizza Port now has a special place in my heart. Let me just start by saying that I am not a huge fan of pizza. ::insert gasps:: Yes, I know: unamerican. Sorry, it just doesn't float my boat. That being said: I LOVE Pizza Port PIzza!! The Carlsbad Pizza is amazing!!! Please, just try it for me-you wont be sorry! They many other great selections and options for pizza, but I've yet to taste one that compares with the Carlsbad. DE-lish. Their beer selection is pretty awesome too! My dad and I actually left another restaurant to come to Pizza Port because we knew Pizza Port has awesome beers! I had a dark chocolate porter last time I went to PP & I fell in love. It is my new fave beer. Not only is the food and beer legit, but I LOVE the area. The Village is so cute & fun & its super close to the beach if you need to walk off some extra calories, or a buzz ;-)Be warned: it is pretty loud. If you're looking for a quiet evening out, might wanna check else where. But if you love meeting new people and people watching-go check it out!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,10/26/2013,58,116,2,3,2>I love looking SUPER FRESH and clean when I am out and about finding things to Yelp about.  Brooks Brothers always comes through with great looks, awesome cuts and incredible fit and finish.  Every time I come here I spend a bit more than I want to but I never leave disappointed.  You have to pay to play most times and the same goes for dressing for success.  This store has moved along with the times and maintained its relevance while still keeping the clean corporate professional look that you come to expect when dressing from these stores.  You will find traditional cuts as well most of the more progressive and fresh european cuts here.  They also have the slim fit shirts so you can actually build entire outfits in the same style and not worry about your standard cut shirt bunching up under your slim fit suit.  Love it!!  The only gripe I have if you can call it that is that the store sales are good but other stores with similar offerings put out some seriously mind blowing sales that they wont match.  Other than that, the friendly staff, excellent selection of traditional and modern fits will be sure to please.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,10/25/2013,70,148,3,3,3>Todo Sushi is getting better each time I go. Mmmm! Not only do I love that they have a 50% off sushi menu, but their Korean dishes are great too! It's close to the beach, so you can dress up or wear shorts and a t-shirt and you're good. The atmosphere is kick-back and waitresses are super. It's right next to Ralphs, and not that easy to see, but when you find it, you'll be comin' back for more!  Enjoy!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,10/24/2013,156,292,,4,3>I had the best experience here yesterday. I've been breaking out pretty badly the past month, so I bought a deal on groupon for a $39 microderm facial. I haven't always had the best experience making spa/salon reservations after I've purchased a groupon....a lot of the time, the business will be overwhelmed with the business and doesn't handle it well. That was NOT the case with Spa Samudra. I made my appt. last Monday for yesterday, and they even called to confirm. I walked into the spa yesterday and was really impressed--it's small but very modern, and very beautiful. The treatment room was large, and very welcoming, with candles and low-playing music. KC was my esthetician, and she was AMAZING. My facial was a little over an hour, and she did an amazing job. I really loved that she used coconut oil on my face after using the harsher (but necessary) glycolic--this is something I use at home and everyone should be using. I asked about all the products she was using on my face, and I love that she explained them to me, but didn't push me to buy them. She also explained their membership, which is actually super reasonable, at $65 for a facial or massage per month. Again, this wasn't something she pushed on me, but I think I might do starting next month (and I'll make my appointments with KC!)
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,8/9/2014,106,85,7,6,5>Well, it is THE place to go shoot. That's also because there really isn't anywhere else unless you like to go to base. Shot there about 7-8 times in the last year without a legitimate complaint.  Weekends- wait PAYDAY weekends will be full and you'll catch yourself waiting to join the party. I've shot pistols and rifles there and have had plenty of fun with precision targets (tons of targets selections) trying to tighten my groups or compete with my friends.Service is good - but don't expect to just chat about the weather. There's always someone there wanting to get on the range, ask about a gun they want to buy, or seeking to sign up for lessons. It's Oceanside - so yes there will be a lot of Marines there in case you were wondering.  It also seems to be a good date spot for those that think they're incredible coaches. Ok I'm kidding- people who learn how to shoot like to help others learn how to shoot because unlike surfing- you can't just do it anywhere. Fees are fair. Ammo, targets, rentals etc all fair.  Lanes are fairly close to each other so I'd recommend two people up at the firing point at a time and no more.  It can get bunched up into the lane next you if they are being occupied as well.  Max target distance in 25 yds but still great practice. They have ear pro if you need it...but double up, it can get loud.Enjoy!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/8/2014,70,148,6,6,5>Consistent perfection! Hubby and I have been coming here for 4+ years. To get right to it,  Our favorites are: Crispy Sole (Huge fish stick with Thai sauce), Golden Crispy Shrimp (See the picture of this . . . it's actually FUN to eat and makes me laugh, it kind of tickles actually - you have to see the pix to understand this! ha ha), Tom Kha soup  (Mmmmmmm . . . . cilantro and lemongrass . . . . )Green Curry (Creamy sauce, made to your desire of heat, with a sweet coconut base)Everything tastes so fresh and fragrant. Mmmmm . . . . .  The restaurant itself isn't huge or even elegant but it's simple decor has fun lighting and a casual atmosphere. We've been in shorts and t-shirts many-a-time. There's always people walking through getting their food to go. We've always eaten it in-house, but getting it to-go is a great idea too!For dessert, we get the Honey Banana. Oh my gosh! I love this combination. They deep fry the banana and give you warm honey to eat it with. Oh my gosh, I'm getting myself in a frenzy just talking about this. . .  I'm out'a here!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/7/2014,435,300,6,7,5>RB Inn is the Gem of Rancho Bernardo!After a long stressful day at work this place really hit the spot. The atmosphere is casual yet I feel like I received a very upscale meal. Where do I start? Ask for outdoor seating even if it's a bit chilly because the heaters will keep you warm. You will have a great view of the golf course and the fountain. I decided to try the braised lamb and it really was very, very good. Sometimes a dish looks really nice but the taste is not up to par or vice versa but this dish had it all. I was so impressed by the serving size ($34) when it was brought out. The picture does not do this dish justice, the asparagus spears are monster! My friend had the burger and she said it was delicious. I tasted the fries and they were good. The table bread was yummy but I wish they gave a little more. The cream brûlée was way good but the walnut brownie was a total disappointed; the brownie was too dried out. The flowers are a nice touch to tug on a girls heart and purse strings. Overall I had a great experience. After dinner we walked around the RB Inn and it was amazing how quiet and serene it was with all the hustle and bustle going on there with restaurants, spa, hotel, resort and golf. I would highly recommend dining here!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,8/6/2014,226,70,7,20,8>Have been here several times over the last year.  Some visits are a 3 star, other 4 stars.  So 3.5 stars is my rating, and I will round up.  I will go back!If you are coming during the summer, or Fri / Sat you need to make a reservation.  This place is busy.  I like to sit inside, in the front glassed in porch area.  Ask for a window table, or you will be stuck in the middle of the room.  There is also an inside room (where the bar is) with some cool tables.  Its noisier and much more active.  This room has a few TV's on the wall which for me is a real buzz-kill.  They have an outdoor front patio that is nice - fire pit and heat lamps.  This is the call during the summer.  There are also some tables out back (on the way to the restrooms) that I would call "overflow."  You don't want these unless you are interested in watching the bathroom traffic.They have a private parking lot in back - the entrance is a small alley on the north side of the building.  Easy to miss.  It's your lucky day if there is actually a parking spot.  If not, you are on your own.  Drop off the ladies in front, as it may be a couple of blocks before you find a parking spot.First thing your order is wine (or maybe a cocktail.)  There is a full bar.  There are some nice bottles of wine,  but I always find that a simple red like Nero d'Avola goes great with seafood. If you want to go the white route try the Vermentino.  Label does not really matter with these style of wines - they are young and fresh by nature.The food has been consistent.  For appetizers I like the Calamari + Zucchini Fritti and Eggplant Involtini.  We have also ordered the Margherita pizza as an appetizer - it's a nice thin crust pizza.  The house salad is a nice spring mix, and large enough to split.  The Cesare salad is completely forgettable (ordered several times, never again.)  All of the pasta selections I have tasted have been great - notable plates have been the Gnocchi and the seafood pasta entries.  Things I would never order again are the Saltimbocca and the Veal Marsala.  Dishes I would go back for are the Scampi and Cioppino over Linguine.  Seafood is the way to go here.Cant forget desert - The Cannolis have always been fresh with a nice crisp shell.  The Creme Brulee is also a great choice and goes well with a tawny port.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,8/5/2014,101,397,8,7,8>mommas don't let your babies grow up to be foodies.wife and daughter were out selling girl scout cookies so the boy (seven-year old WYATT) and i were class "B" bachelors for the evening. asked him where he wanted to eat (expecting a pizza answer) and he came back with sushi. when i asked him where he wanted to go he answered, without hesitating, "BLUE OCEAN 'cause they have the freshest fish."were seated at the sushi bar (his choice) and he started with his favorite, YELLOWFIN SASHIMI -- it was perfect, rich, sweet and delicious. when i ordered PORKBELLY from the robata grill (also rich, sweet and delicious) he looked at me like i was from MARS. he followed with ALBACORE and YELLOWTAIL SASHIMI -- which were also fabulous.next were AMAEBI (spot prawns) which BRANDON, our sushi chef, brought out live so they could dance on the counter before they were dispatched for our eating pleasure. as WYATT noted dryly, i bet they're fresh. the heads were crispy (we each had a head and tail) and the tails were most excellent.the UNI was the best ever.WYATT also ordered the PUFF PASTRY (roll) which was not very good and we had to wait way too long for it to arrive. on the way out the boy announced he was not going to order rolls any more because he just liked the fresh fish and that rolls took away from the experience.that lesson set me back a BENJAMIN and promises to add many more in the future. like i said, mommas don't let your babies grow up to be foodies.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,8/4/2014,156,739,7,7,7>This is a solid breakfast place. Come early and expect a wait.  But they run you through efficiently, and they offer free coffee while you wait.  Once you get seated, you'll notice the groovy 60s decor with olive green tabletops and vinyl booths, and several of the waitstaff wear groovy wigs.  It's all fun.  I've been wanting to try this place, but the Hillcrest location was always a super long wait.  I'm glad we finally made it to the new Del Mar location, and it was worth the wait.  The menu has something for most everyone with my favorite being the pancake flight which allows you to try several of their unique and flavor creations.  Be careful and balance out your flight with not too many desserty pancakes and it is great to share with friends at the table so you can enjoy some of their eggs or bacon or toast too.  I enjoyed the pineapple upside down cake, sweet potato and regular standby blueberry pancake (all were great).  The homemade tasting jelly/jam on the toast was quite good too as were the fresh squeezed juices (expensive at $4, so splurge the $0.50 for the large).I definitely will come back to this place.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,8/3/2014,150,185,5,10,6>Can't go wrong with a $24 all you can eat sushi dinner. Came here on a weekend with my family and it was such a blast. The food, the setting, and the experience all make Hon Sushi golden.For coming on a Saturday night, we didn't have to wait at all. It was pretty packed but a table had just opened so our group of 5 was able to sit down right away. We sat at a table that was low. There were cushions on the seats to make it look like a kneeling table but really there was a big empty space under the table for you to place your legs and actually sit up. The way they do AYCE here is in rounds. You order what you want the first round and if you finish everything in the first round then you can go ahead and order the second round. So it's unlimited sushi...but you're limited to two rounds. My tip: come hungry and order whatever you want the first round--go crazy. Spend that first round trying to stuff everything in your stomach. If there's anyone at your table who can still eat a bit more, order the second round but be a bit more stingy on this round since you do have to finish everything. I had to throw in the towel after the first round since we ordered so much sushi. Luckily, the people I was with had the stamina to keep going all the way into round 2. I think this place had quality sushi and I enjoyed the service. I didn't experience what other Yelpers seemed to dislike. I thoroughly enjoyed the sushi and the atmosphere. Will be coming back here when I'm in the area.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,8/2/2014,190,270,3,7,5>My friend and i stopped by for impromptu breakfast recently and we both got to try some sweet and savory crepes. I'm ecstatic that I'm finding more and more creperies around San Diego and Crepes and Corks didn't disappoint.The place inside is actually a lot bigger than it looks from the outside. It seems to be recently remodeled. There is a small patio outside and its dog friendly.  i got a Florentine crepe drizzled with a balsamic vinaigrette   (eggs, mushrooms, sauteed onions, spinach, cheese). Wow that was a definite winner, very tasty and flavorful. My friend got a Nutella sweet one and she said she really enjoyed it. Any crepe can be made gluten free, they use buckwheat flour instead. Tip: happy hour 3-6 pm
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,8/1/2014,481,148,5,5,5>I come every week or two for dinner and/or drinks at Searsucker and always have the best time. Not only is the recently renovated restaurant aesthetically appealing, but the food is absolutely delicious.Last Saturday night, my girlfriend and I threw a dinner party for 12 people at Searsucker last minute. We called a night ahead requesting a reservation for the dinner hour and the staff worked hard to accommodate an 8:00 pm set up for our large party. We were delighted when we arrived at the restaurant, having been given a fabulously exclusive long table in the main dining area.The staff was extremely attentive to our group, never leaving a drink empty or food not on the table. So impressive.We had a really fun time, the drinks and the food were great. Our only complaint was the buzz-kill music that the DJ was playing around 10! It was as if a semi-truck had just ran over the 3 Peter Rabbits I had to drink.I think the trendy beats are great for during dinner and starting off the night, but a total snooze for keeping the party going.We ended up leaving after dinner and heading somewhere else for a livelier atmosphere. Had the music and crowd been better, we definitely would have stayed all night at Searsucker.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,7/31/2014,250,100,5,7,6>Week 16 Total lbs loss: -42.2! **I still can't believe how every week I'm still consistently losing weight. The crazy thing is my MF goal is to lose -54lbs by June. It's not even the end of March & I got less than -12lbs to go! It feels amazing how this whole journey been thus far! I can't thank Corie, my counselor, & the whole MF team enough! I can't wait till I get to transition phase soon.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,3/6/2013,73,355,1,3,4>One of my colleagues in my office has been swearing by the Jorge's Mexicatessen chicken soup forever. I finally went to try it with a buddy, and you know what?  It totally lived up to the hype.  I added some salsa, which made it even better.  A little heat can turn good to great.  I had it "Mexico City Style", i.e. with rice, tomatoes, avo, onion, cilantro, chicken and broth. Next time I want to try it "Texcoco Style", with chili sauce added. The salsa was pretty potent so I'm nervous the chili sauce may be on-fire-hot, but I can't wait because the soup I had was so exceptional. With the soup I had two tacos - adobada (pork seasoned with red chiles) and chicken mole.  The adobada was great, topped with onions and cilantro. The chicken was dry and the mole was a bit on the sweet side for my taste but both were still highly enjoyable. The soup made my day, and I'll definitely go back.  There are a lot of good taco shops around North County, but the chicken soup really makes Jorge's Mexicatessen stand out from the crowd.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/5/2013,82,283,5,11,7>Ever since our Encinitas Whole Foods opened, I really thought I would shop at Seaside less because it's further. Not the case. Somehow I still find myself driving the extra few miles just to come here. I just love Seaside and always manage to find every gourmet grocery item I need and the deli department just keeps getting better. Whole foods, while still great, is simply sub par to Seaside's quality, convenience and price.Lately I've been hooked on their text ordering from the deli. Download their app and you can order right from your phone, love it! Tonight on my way home from work I texted in the special to-go, a shrimp curry bowl with brown rice and fresh veggies. It was so delicious and filling and only $5.99, awesome! Talk about convenient too! This (and the tri-tip of course) is why I come here all the time!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/4/2013,107,273,1,6,3>Never, in my entire life, did I ever expect that I wouldn't mind shopping for jewelry.  It's simple, more often than not--unless you're some sort of licensed expert--if you're a dude you're going to stand there, mouth agape and slur something like, "uhhhh, yeah.  That one's purdy.  I'll get that one."Bob is fully aware of this and takes that into consideration.  He takes the time to educate the shopper on the different stones he has available, thus making you feel more comfortable (and confident?) about your purchase.  His stock is always changing.  He's nearly always got some killer antique rings in and a ton of gorgeous precious stones and gems.  His prices are super reasonable, which is why I always make a point of stopping in when I need to pick up a gift.  My wife and I have been coming here for the past four + years.  If you need a bit of cash in your pocket, he also buys gold and will take the time to make sure you're getting exactly what you should be for what you bring in.Frankly, I can't say enough great things about Bob and his shop.  So, gents, if you're on the hunt for a bit of bling for your lady, or you're a rock hound and like adding to your collection, drop in to Carlsbad Gem and Mineral.  It'll be a worthwhile trip.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,3/3/2013,833,1178,3,3,3>For years I was coming to lesser Encinitas Mexican food like Rico's, Raul's and Filiberto's. All good with their bad in their own rights, but when you start being a little more sober you'll realize Juanitas is the only true Mexican food place to go to. Something about the arcade's and lighting and the menu remind me of all my home spots. Not to compare to other spots close by, but the salsa is just that, fresh made salsa, not hot sauce. It's left a little chunky with good color and not too acidic. The tortillas are fresh, not too thin, not too thick. Sour cream more evenly dispersed than most places and French fries are well done, not mushy or crispy. Carne Asada is a little larger in pieces and that's a good thing, you get the marinade and real beauty of carne. I prefer Adobada because it's always good and not hit or miss like some meats, but you won't find that problem here as most people go with that anyhow. The taco's are truly handmade and large, filled to the brim with meat and all the condiments you could ask for. Carnitas are excellent, so good I can't tell if they actually slow cook in copper pots. Usually the difference is unmistakable. I prefer mine in much larger chunks, but that's more the homestyle nature of the meat. They are open late on weekends and pretty late on weeknights. It's not fast food/Mexican like Raul's and generic like Filiberto's or unauthentic like Rico's. And there are dishes and aspects I like of each, but nothing sounds better than Mexican food and if your going to stay local, nothing is better for food after a D Street/Saloon/Union run. I often ride my bike here from Oceanside to Solana and stop by on the way back on weekend mornings and get a breakfast burrito and ride home. Although it is good the next morning if you buy one or save it for later I love working for my food and of course i ride harder just to get here.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,3/2/2013,154,70,3,7,5>THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.If you see a line...wait! It's definitely worth it.They have flavored coffee for while you wait, and the wait usually goes by fast.  I discovered this place from the movers that helped us settle into Oceanside, they said it's the best breakfast you'll have.  Oh man, were they right.Everything from the waffles to the biscuits and gravy is absolutely amazing, and it comes out quick and hot.Last visit I sat outside on the back patio, and although it was raining, it was still a great experience.  It was sort of a romantic feeling with the heat lamps and rain hitting the covered patio.The service is great too.  It's busy about 90% of the time and you can tell the servers are nonstop running around, but everyone pulls their weight and helps clear dishes, drop checks, take payments, etc. Such a great place for weekend breakfast/brunch.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,3/1/2013,45,34,3,6,4>What a treat! My boyfriend and I just went here for SD Restaurant week. Everything was made perfectly! We thought, why not go all out for this meal! My boyfriend ordered from the restaurant week menu and I ordered off the main menu plus we added a couple orders of oysters, oysters raw and oysters tartar. They were so interesting with a bloody mary oyster, sake oyster, kobe tartar oyster, and the list goes on. The hardest part was deciding who got to eat which oyster!For my second app (yes we are HUGE foodies hehe),  they had a new chestnut soup, which was so rich and delicious! Definitely a soup for sharing. My boyfriend got the wild boar mole and he was in heaven. I ordered the Cornish game hen and it was cooked to perfection. Juicy and tender!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/28/2013,32,78,3,10,4>OMG, the bo luc lac was legit and awesome. It comes on a hot plate shaped like a cow, and it's super cute. Think diced filet mignon stir fried with onions and sweet sauce. I was amazed.Ok, now for the rest of the review. The pho was as good as any I've ever had, albeit slightly less salty (which can be a good thing).What made this a five star pho restaurant was the service. The waiters were extremely courteous and good-natured, and they served my three small children with grace and patience. They were all smiles, and they had a sense of humor when my littlest one tried to walk down an aisle by himself. I rarely see Western-quality service in a Vietnamese restaurant. The combination of great food and great service means it doesn't get much better than this.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,2/27/2013,246,282,2,6,6>*UPDATE*I LOVE a business that is responsive to its customers. Ron from Elevation Burger informed me that they are now offering 100% organic bacon as a burger topping and they are looking in to adding avocados. They've changed potatoes and give you the option of ordering your fries "extra crispy"...HOLLA!!!Between Five Guys and Smashburger, Elevation Burger gets my top Yelp vote for "BEST All Around Burger Joint"  that offers enough yummy options for meat eaters and vegetarians!!! wOOt, wOOt, wOOt!!!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,2/26/2013,248,303,9,6,7>Not for crazy gym BUFFs but it has everything you need if you just aiming to be healthy or maintain. The heaviest free weight is 80lbs, but any heavier is just ridiculous. You really dont need prison muscles guys!Because the gym is still new, it isn't too crowded, so for the size and amount of equipment, there is more than enough space and you dont need to wait. They offer about 3-4 classes a day. Not much, but I got to try their Zumba class the other day and I actually enjoyed it! The variety of classes aren't as large as 24, but they have TKB, Zumba, Kettle Bell, Yoga, and a few different kinds.p.s. to the dude that keeps stalking me. I SEE YOU.Between the three Chuze gyms ive been to. I like Esco, this one, then the mission valley one.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,2/25/2013,168,204,5,6,4>Hands-down, the best place to have your baby. Scripps Encinitas is one of the few "baby-friendly" hospitals in San Diego (I guess there's more to being baby friendly than you'd think). Their Birth Pavilion is small but well staffed, which makes for a really personal experience. The rooms are double occupancy (eek!!), but for some reason, so few people have their babies at Scripps Encinitas that patients usually get a room to themselves (which leaves an extra bed for hubby!). The interior looks a little old and run-down, but hey- it's a hospital, not a five star hotel. Above all, the nurses are what make this hospital so great. Simply OUTSTANDING care. It was the best care I've ever received or even observed. Birth Pavilion aside, Scripps Encinitas ER is amazing as well. I don't know if it's because Encinitas is a low-crime area or if it's because Scripps is pickier about the insurance they accept, but HOLY CRAP their ER has the shortest wait time I've ever seen. I've been there on three separate occasions and there was never more than a 5 minute wait to be seen. Seriously, there's a longer wait to get a table at Chile's. To top it all off, my husband loves the cafeteria. I personally find hospital food disgusting by  nature, but he loves that you can get tater tots and a pork chop for under $5. If I'd let him, he'd go back there for dinner three times a week on a regular basis. All in all, Scripps Encinitas is a TOP-NOTCH hospital, and people who have insurance that covers care there should consider themselves lucky.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,10/28/2014,46,343,2,6,7>Ever since visiting the beautiful 4 story masterpiece of Harajuku's Daiso in Tokyo, Japan, I've always had a soft spot for this store.  In Japan all items (unless otherwise marked) come out to 100 yen (or 105 yen with the tax.)   At this location, all items (unless otherwise marked ) come out to $1.50 plus tax.  Still, not a bad deal. As I expected, Mira Mesa Daiso can't compete on the same level of anything in Japan, but it remains true to its roots as being very clean and organized.  Like Target, you probably don't "need" anything, but you can always find something to buy. I was surprised how friendly the checkout folks were.  The guy even held the door open for me as I left.  Such service!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,10/27/2014,35,166,7,9,8>OH MY GOD, THIS PLACE IS THE BEST!! I've never had Cuban food before but I'm completely familiar with Cuban culture. I love Cuban music and a lot of Cuban athletes are my heroes (Teofilo Stevenson for example). I'm Asian but I can speak Spanish. I love the Cuban accent and when I speak Spanish, I sometimes imitate the Cuban accent. lolI was dying to try Cuban food and thanks to Yelp, I discovered this joint. Seeing all the good reviews made me excited. As soon as I arrived, I felt at home with the cashier/server named Andrew. He's incredibly friendly; so friendly, he could be anybody's homieI ordered the Cuban espresso, Super Cuban Sandwich, and the Ropa Vieja.I'm not a big coffee drinker but I ordered the Cuban espresso because come on, Cubans are famous for coffee and if you've never tried coffee in a Cuban restaurant, it's like not eating rice in a Chinese restaurant. You're missing outThat coffee was the bomb. I liked the taste actually. It's bitter but bitter in a good way. I only slept for 5 hours but now I feel like I slept for 10 hoursThe Super Cuban Sandwich was effing phenomenal. When I first took a bite, I said "oh damn" out loud. IT TASTES SO AWESOME!!Ropa Vieja is considered by some to be Cuba's national dish. I've seen plenty of pictures of that dish and I've always wanted to try it. The Ropa Vieja here is incredible. It looked EXACTLY like the pictures I've seen and the taste was incredible. That meat, oh my God, that meat was extraordinary.I have family and friends in the Temecula/Murrieta area and if I come to pay them a visit, I'm always gonna stop by here. This is probably my favorite restaurant in the Temecula/Murrieta area. 5 EFFING STARS!!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/26/2014,377,148,6,4,6>I frequent this place often for the gyro combos and salads. Everything is fresh and made to order. So far I have yet to experience a really big crowd when I go here but that's perfect for me since I usually am always hungry when I come in. There's also complimentary tea and you can browse the rest of the store while your food is being prepared.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,10/25/2014,146,49,7,8,7>If you're looking to try something outside of Starbucks, I would highly recommend trying this small local coffee shop. Let me tell you why I gave this place 5 stars.-Wonderful and friendly customer service. These guys wake up as early as 5 AM and they still manage to put a genuine smile on their face! SHOUTOUT: A guy named Danny is hilarious! Easily able to start a short and quick conversation with him. He prepared my breakfast croissant sandwich to perfection as well!-Strong and flavorful coffee. Try anything on their menu and you'll be satisfied! Their coffee drinks are bursting with the aromatic essence of real Kona beans. -They use actual "coffee ice" for their iced coffee! Now that ingenuity!- I've tried a majority of their blended drinks. Although they have quite a selection, from Snickerlicious to Nutty Irishman, they have all been very similar in tasting. Very subtle differences, but this could be due to the strong aromatic flavors of the Kona beans. Still worth trying all of them!- You can purchase 100% Kona beans from their shop! Plus t-shirts and hats if you want to rep this "badass" coffee shop!-Their pad is great for studying as well. I got the warm feeling of a small local cafe while enjoying my coffee and sandwich here. - Pastries and breakfast sandwiches are scrumptious. Sandwiches are made to order!-Drive-thru with an accommodating staff member to assist you! Now that my friend, is "badass".WARNING: Please be advised that their coffee drinks are much stronger and flavorful than Starbucks' coffee. If it's your first time here, you might want to get their smallest size drink first! Only downside to this place is that they discontinued the frequent buyer's card! If the owner is reading this review, please consider bringing that back up :)
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,10/24/2014,44,373,5,9,4>I used to take my two dogs to VCA in Encinitas. Since moving to San Marcos I figured I should look for someplace closer. San Marcos Vet Clinic location is excellent as it is a very short drive from where I live. There is also tons of parking in the front as opposed to the small and cramped garage at VCA.Check-in and check-out is also significantly quicker when comparing the two. Normally there was a good amount of waiting at VCA for Me but not here. Our main problem dog is a lhasa/shih-tzu mix that has suffered from numerous issues including eye and ear. The prescribed treatment has worked well and keeping him a healthy and happy pup. The few other times were for keeping up to date on shots.The only downside is it is a strip mall so there isn't much area nearby for the dogs to go potty. The street behind the vet has a curb with some greenery. That is minor though. My experience has been excellent so far.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/23/2014,167,328,5,10,7>Gelati is nothing i've ever tasted before. it's Italian ice with a cool-whip/soft serve ice cream concoction. My favorite part is the bottom of the cup with the ice mixes in with the custard.I love that they finally opened one that I can get to and that they are opening tons in San Diego. I'm just annoyed that it's always so crowded because it's new. I suggest you to download the app. It has a electronic stamp card, where you could receive you're 10th purchase for free!I've tried most flavors and they are all good. But my favorite is black cherry cheesecake!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/22/2014,174,121,3,9,5>Loved the setting, it was inviting to come sit on the outdoor patio.  Our server was really nice, and had a great personality.  With that said the service did start out a bit slow, but did pick up.They have a great Happy Hour, $4 Wine, Beer, and Hand crafted cocktails.  Plus they had 5 appetizers on Happy Hour for $4.  We tried three of them and they were all tasty: Fried Zucchini Blossom stuffed with goat cheese, Lobster Croquet's, and flat bread Bianca. They are affiliated with El Agave, which is right around the corner, but this restaurant is more of a gastro bar.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/21/2014,224,171,6,10,9>Its Del Mar, minutes away from the beach that makes parking so hard to find. Sometimes I just want a quick wrap, so can someone just give a hungry girl a parking for 5 minutes please?! Anyways, this Deli is really good.. Yes it is the secret sauce BUT its also the wraps!! I know people talk about the TURKADO (which is good too, dont get me wrong) BUT its the BAJA Wrap. I promise you, it is the BAJA wrap with the Secret sauce. I mean inside this Baja wrap has marinated chicken breast, grilled onions, jalapeño peppers, and melted jack cheese with tomato and lettuce served in a whole wheat wrap.. wait and avocados. Mmmm, got every pennies worth and completely satisfied.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,10/20/2014,98,204,5,9,8>I interacted with the owner/tat'd guy behind the counter for all of 30 seconds, but I love this place already and will surely be back.  Let's rewind a bit:  My husband, Daryl, had called at 8AM on Saturday, desperate to find a print shop that would be able to make two T-Shirts in time for Escondido Humane Society's Paws in the Park event the following morning.  We had gone to the mall prior and had some iron-on transfers that we saw print on the spot, which were 'okay', but were less than desirable to show/wear for the park (note: you could see the cut out lines and the stretched/burned marks, which were jarring when the misprints were caught).The guy told Daryl he normally wouldn't have been able to do anything on such short notice, but the order was small enough (and since he was in the shop that day) that he'd be able to squeeze it in as a favor.  He'd work with the leftover supplies (i.e., some red thermal flex material from a previous project) if we could bring in two new shirts and that he'd make it happen for us.  It's important to note Daryl had called so many other print companies around town, and everyone had pretty much disregarded us since we didn't meet their minimum order.And, boy, did he make it happen: Daryl dropped off the shirts during lunch time (noonish), and I walked in to find the shirts nicely folded on the front counter by 4PM.  I asked him if we owed anything, and he said nope; Daryl prepaid.  He noted that the original thermal flex material had stars on it, so he went with a straight screen print instead... it was soooo freakin' clean looking.  True professionals, I tell you!Fast forward for today's event: the shirts were a hit!  We got major compliments and the other SD Corgi Meetup folks were totally interested in getting shirts for themselves.  They thought we'd ordered them from a major retailer or huge online distributor.  When we told them Daryl had made the design and printed it out just yesterday, they were impressed!  Daryl and I are going to try & do our part by paying it forward - as soon as we get solid numbers on the interested, we're going to have to haul more shirts in for Print Depot to crank out - hopefully with more time in between!Thanks, Jess from Print Depot!  You guys pulled through where others pushed back!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,10/19/2014,116,206,6,6,6>This was my first visit.  First Impressions: It's a wide open industrial feeling place.  It has scattered seating, with enough space that you feel like you have some privacy.  I won't lie, I think the stools are terrible.  I would prefer something a bit classier, they were comfortable enough, but the height is pretty terrible.The Service: It took a while to get served but the service was very helpful and polite.  This is hugely important to me. Staff knew what was and was not available and had recommendations. Products: I had a Blueberry/Pom Sangria and my friend had a dry Syrah.  I thought both tasted pretty good and the price was excellent.  My drink was part of the daily special, I am interested to know if they will always be good.Downside: there was a paint and drink class going on there from PaintNite.  The music was loud and obnoxious.  Not really the environment I was hoping for when I am having a glass of wine with a friend.  I would be interested to see what it feels like without the Paint Class.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,7/5/2012,186,62,5,8,5>This place is amazing! I love June and everything she does! :) This was my first visit and I can tell you I will be back to see her again. Let me go back in time and give you the details.I hadn't had a haircut in almost 6 months and needed one badly. My niece directed me to June at this fine establishment. She had her hair done a few times here and was very pleased by June and her hair skills. I made an appointment and counted down the seconds until I could get my mane trimmed. When I walked in I was cheerfully greeted and asked to take a seat. The young lady also offered me a drink, I declined but really appreciated it! Someone came to grab me to wash my hair while June finished up her client. I happily jumped up and followed her in. She was very warm and friendly. I am not the most open person to conversation but I felt like these people were friends I hadn't seen in a while. As I got my hair washed I noticed the MASSIVE television hanging on the ceiling and the decor. It looked very modern and incredibly clean. The television had me glued. They were showing a video of a fashion show/hair cutting party with some pretty incredible hair stylists. I could have watched it all day.I should also say the hair washing was gentle but firm. No other part of my body got wet. Just my hair. There was no splashing and no scalding or freezing water. It was perfect. She finished up with a scalp massage and that made me extra happy. Ok on to meeting June. She was so friendly! I loved that she was so  interested in what I wanted and wanted to make me happy. My hair was all one length, I had been growing it out and was tired of the limp-ness. She explained certain hairstyles and how I could get that UMPH! she added a few layers and trimmed it too! She also showed me how to curl it certain ways and how to take advantage of my new 'do. I couldn't be happier. If you are reading this and are not sure about a hair salon, are thinking about going here DO NOT WASTE ANOTHER MOMENT. Call them now. Ask for June! She will make all your hair wishes come true. I am sure of it. :)
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,7/4/2012,204,414,2,4,2>Capping a week long birthday celebration with more cupcakes because that is how I roll .... :)Have been wanting to try this place for a long time and I finally had a chance to do so last week.  Since this was my 3rd cupcake store in one week, I do have to say that the selection was not as extensive as the other stores I have been to.However, the store itself is cute, clean and the service was pleasant.  I chose three flavors:1.  Red Velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting:  Seriously, 5 stars ... moist and soft with just the right amount of sweetness in the frosting!.  Could possibly be the best Red Velvet cupcake I have ever had.2.  Vanilla cupcake with Vanilla frosting:  Wow, how much more vanilla can this be?  I'm particular to vanilla to begin with so 4 stars does it for this flavor. :p3.  Chocolate cupcake with chocolate frosting:  Eh, probably the "regular" tasting cupcake of the bunch.  3 stars.A bit pricey at $3.25 each but definitely a good find in the area.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2011,7/3/2012,151,656,2,3,2>Man, I wish so bad that Honey's flattened their roof and put a patio on top so people could sit up there and have a great view of the ocean. Wishful thinking, huh?But I guess prices would go up and it'd be packed all the time. The beauty of Honey's is that you get a good cup of coffee (pipin' hot Mexican Mocha for $3) and a value meal. We ordered:- Corned hash with fruit and eggs- a little too salty- Kielbasa egg scramble with potatoes- the potatoes were good. It's slightly burnt, giving it perfect flavor. - Egg white scramble with avocado and veggies- everything was really freshAll their dishes come with yummy toast. Some pieces have butter on it, and others have cream cheese, so it's just kind of a surprise which piece you'll get.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,7/2/2012,95,170,1,5,3>This isn't a "big box" store or much of a showroom, there are some mattresses, futons and a sofa set to lay/sit on but that's about it.  So if you want to test out your furniture before buying, this might not be the place for you.That being said, for me,  it doesn't get any better than this for a furniture buying experience!  I had the pleasure of working with Luke, he was VERY knowledgeable and SUPER helpful.  I told him about the space I have and how I felt it was a challenge to arrange the room.  He made several brilliant suggestions, and helped me create the pieces that I wanted.  This is custom stuff, people!  For the price you would pay (or less!) in those big box stores! Anyway, over the course of a couple of days, in contact with Luke, I made my final selections.  Luke put a rush on the order because I needed the sofa in time for an out of town guest.  I was kept updated on the status, and setting up delivery was a breeze.  I even had my stuff a day sooner than promised!  AND the delivery guys moved this big heavy credenza for me before they brought in my stuff!I can't say enough good things about this business, GO HERE!  No matter your price range, you will find what you want.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,7/1/2012,383,286,1,6,3>If only they were open 24 hours! I get a little bummed out when I want El Patron and remember they're not open late night, that's how much I like this place. Everything I've had has been bomb!  Not only that, but really good prices for the quanity and quality.  Carne Asada Fries with all the fixings only $6-7! Grande Burrito Breakfast Burritos Rolled Tacos Street Tacos Fish Tacos Surf and Turf Fries!!! My new fav! Tips: Taco Tuesdays get busy for their $1 street tacos and bottled beer deals. Free chips, Spicy Carrots and other fixings with purchase. If you're questionable on some of the toppings don't hesitate to ask for them on the sides. (I'm not a big fan of beans and salsa fresca on my carne asada fries, but on the side they're great!) Enjoy!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,6/30/2012,246,264,4,7,5>Went here last year for restaurant week and again last weekend.  It's now one of our favorite restaurants.  The view while the sun is setting is really nice.  The goat cheese stone fruit salad was perfect...not too squishy peaches but fragrantly ripe and a pureed dressing made of peaches and herbs.  The presentation of the salad was pretty, arranged on a narrow plate and not just a gob of greens in a bowl; we ate from opposite ends of the plate, one slice at a time towards the middle.The ahi tuna poke was good too...it's served with tobiko and you get to make your own crackers from all the fixings...I love interactive stuff like that!  The salmon dish albeit good, wasn't something I considered knock your socks off.The chocolate desserts are chocolatey but not overly rich, big, or sweet...which is perfect for me!  In fact, they packed it to go for us as we begged full but once I got a peek at it we ate it right then and there out of the box!  We also really like the fireplace and the 4 different flavors of salt they give you with warm bread; cinnamon, turmeric, coconut and one other I can't remember.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,6/29/2012,127,338,2,3,2>This place seriously rocks. And you get several parting gifts for surviving the process! This time around I was more concerned about timing then anything; so I planned the appointment online (so easy!) several weeks ago and didn't worry who I'd get because I figure they're all amazing. I was in yesterday and I had the absolute pleasure of having Marissa as my "fix-her upper." She was awesome; I loved her personality and she made me feel totally at ease (well, as best I can) but certainly mostly non-awkward as I tried a different waxing treatment this time in celebration of V-day and wedding. It's always fun coming here and getting lost into the girly-ness of it all. My fiance had bought me a gift card for my birthday and I think after seeing the results he's going to keep those coming. Thanks again Beehive - you guys are freaking awesome with your talent, set-up, and unbelievably reasonable prices!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,6/28/2012,42,74,1,9,4>Best bang for the buck for nutritious and delicious food!For $10 you have options for hot entree, big salad, and pizza all freshly prepared in front of you.  The only gripe really of the place is that many walk in confused on the flow of the restaurant.  Each station has their own line, but many customers will stand in just one long line until other move along because the place is staged like a cafeteria. So it gets a little congested. my only suggestion to the owners is to state the process on their wall (to grab a tray and stand in the section they would like) or have a host there to greet and explain things to people. Unless you're a regular there, you kinda won't know what to do.There's an amazing fire place in the front with seating AND additional seating in the back fyi.  Also, I LOVE how this place is doggie friendly. As a dog owner, it's nice to know that my little guys are welcomed too. It's so hard to find places that welcome our pets. Back to the food... some of my favorite eats there are their tasty mac n cheese, steak and chicken.. mmmm!   i love how decently sized their portions are for the price. Honestly, I'm not really a fan of their desserts.  On one of our last visits, we had the red velvet cupcake (and this was on a Saturday earlier evening) and unfortunately it tasted kinda stale like they were sitting there for awhile).  I'm not sure if they make their pastries or not, but I expected it to be fresh just like their food. So we now typically pass on them.The place tends to get packed, but the staff is on it by cleaning up tables quickly, keeping items stocked (like utensils and napkins), and even bringing food to you (IF what you ordered wasn't ready at the time).  It's a family friendly place with great ambiance. We'll continue to come here.. I just wish their was a location closer to us up in Carlsbad/Encinitas :)
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,6/27/2012,74,118,8,9,8>Fuuuuuuuck, where the hell do I even start off!?! I have nothing but positive remarks for this place, they blew me away in every single aspect imaginable. First of all, as soon as we walked in, we were sat down in a booth and given glasses of ice water without even requesting them, who does that?! Nobody but them xD. Right about the same time, we were almost simultaneously handed menus, a couple minutes later, they asked us if we were ready. We told them to give us a few more minutes and they did come back about two minutes later. My sister ordered the stir-fry vegetables with "meats and seafoods", I had the same but with chicken only. It was not even ten minutes later when the food came to our table, it was hot, ready, and very fresh ingredients. The chicken breast was really juicy, flavorful, and tender, this shit was fucking bomb!!! I even finished the big ass ball of white steamed rice it came with on the side. My sister said her food was really good as well. This is the third Vietnamese Pho restaurant I've been to, and I gotta say that this one takes the cake, hands down! Better than Pho Saigon Express and Saigon Noodle Restaurant. One thing I really liked was that they were generous with their meat portions, while the other two I mentioned were not as generous. I also really thought the atmosphere was mad nice, it's the nicest Pho restaurant, nice paintings, nice booths, and a big ass LCD TV for those Sunday games lol. Really nice people, super attentive, I liked the fact they were not pushy with trying to get me to order more food or drink. I'll be coming back more often to this place, I hope their service stays this good, they'll definitely thrive with such exceptional food, service, presentation and low prices. P.S. I even tipped them $5, and I'm the type of cheap fuck that will never tip...that's how much I liked it LMAO
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,6/26/2012,235,251,2,4,2>SURPRISING!We came here on a whim...I was craving a pasta in a creamy sauce and didn't feel like even boiling the water for it. I admit, I was almost a little put off by our starters. One of the runners brought us a dish of sliced carrots with Italian seasoning (odd, but good) and a basket of garlic knots (not very authentic, but everybody loves them) and focaccia (better!). Our server was well schooled in Italian pleasantries and very professional and polite for a fairly casual, family style venue.  We ordered Funghi alla Siciliana, stuffed mushrooms which were surprisingly similar to the ones my mother makes on holidays. For our mains, I had a very generous and piping hot serving of Fettucine Alfredo which was delicious and something I wouldn't make at home (I always end up with scrambled eggs and cheese). Hubs had Linguine alla Vongole with while sauce and what seemed like a mountain of clams. Then came the best part...spumoni and cannole for dessert! It's rare to find a cannole of any sort out here; this one did not disappoint! All in all, everything was delicious and reasonably priced. Friday date night in Poway still turned out to be a night out!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,11/27/2014,66,96,3,6,3>Glad someone finally did something w the corner spot at 300 CVD.It's perfect on these nice sunny days to sit outside and enjoy the day and make people feel awkward by looking at them.The menu is pretty small and they only age a few sushi rolls that are crazy expensive. I think our server readsinds bc she said all the fish is fresh which is why it's kinda pricey. Guess it makes me think, well shucks, next time I'm at a sushi joint and it's cheap, is it bc the fish is old....wth!? I'm glad I came during happy hour and pretty much stuck to the HH side. Had the Chicken Karaage which pretty damn good!Crispy Beef skewers were also delightful.Spicy Tuna Musubi, loved it.Miso Glazed Kama. The menu didn't specify which fish so I asked the server if it was yellowtail and she said, "Yes." Ya, she was wrong, it was salmon. Still good.I also asked for a spicy scallop roll but they were all out of scallops. Boo!Overall a cool lil spot in the village!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,11/26/2014,1299,698,11,11,11>Although there are many reviews about this small, cozy, friendly family-run shop, I've hesitated writing about it because I didn't want to share in my secret.  Others may want to share in their reviews, but now that I don't live nearby anymore, I do miss visiting them.  I do remember when they had a shop on South Coast Highway 101 (now Beachside Bar and Grill), then they moved to the Town Center at Encinitas Ranch (now occupied by Thai Society), then I believe in their current location, unless I missed a move.My orders  standard: I usually get the 10-inch Italian combination and site quietly in the corner to refocus on my work day before heading back into the work day grind.  When I lived nearby, it was glorious to get one of the hot pastas to go.  Lasagna is to die for.   The hot paninis are glorious as well.While I don't know the family's intentions, I totally understand the appeal to keep the joint low-key and closing at 7pm.  So, get your visits in by 7p regardless of your busy day!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,11/25/2014,43,119,4,7,4>Today my wife and I went to Pearl for lunch for dim sum. We went around 11:15AM. My wife called on our way to see how long the wait was. The lady said it wasn't busy yet but it would get busy real soon. So she put my wife and I on the priority list. Good thing we did this because when we got there, we got seated right away. If we didn't, we would've had to wait a long time since there were big groups and families waiting in the lobby. So just a tip. Call ahead and make reservations so that you don't have to wait that long.The parking lot isn't that big so when we got there I had to circle around a few times and got lucky. I'd suggest to just wait in the parking lot until people leave. I wasn't sure where else you could park so I just waited to be safe. I didn't want to get towed because I parked in a tow area. But just wait because people start leaving in bunches.This place has really good dim sum. I don't know what all the names are so when the ladies that walk around with the food come around, I just look at the food to be like... oh yea we want that! Today we ordered:2 Shrimp Shiu Mai2 Fried Shrimp Balls1 Pork Shiu Mai1 Shrimp Har Gow1 Soft Tofu Pudding1 Sesame Seed Ball Filled With Red BeanYou have a card at your table and the ladies that push the carts around mark your card depending on what you order. Small is $2.85, Medium is $3.95, Large is $4.35. Super Large is $4.80. Deluxe is $8.95. So depending on what your order will determine the price of that item.The food was delicious! All the food are hot and fresh. They also provide you with tea and some chili and hot sauce. I think they charged us $2 for the tea. I didn't know they charged you since they just bring it out to everyone. Not sure why we were charged for tea if they just serve it to everyone. Next time I'll have to check the receipt again to see if they charge for the tea. But the food is really good here. You can see why people wait so long to get seated. You can keep going since the ladies with the carts come around often. This place is good for groups to share and try out different kinds of food.I'd definitely recommend coming to this place if you're craving dim sum and are in the poway/rancho bernardo area. Good food and a good price for what it is.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/24/2014,200,189,4,14,5>YES!This is the vape shop we have been looking for! Wandered in the other day for the first time and stayed for awhile tasting the many incredible juices they have available. This spot is so comfortable, and the decor is beautiful. Love the bar and the wooden tables, just gorgeous!The entire staff is so welcoming, friendly, knowledgeable. They really know their stuff, and their recommendations for tasting are awesome-they really listen to what you like, what you're looking for, and help you choose some great flavors. We were able to try flavors on a drip tank, too, which is what we use personally. It was so nice to find a place that offers this, because it makes such a huge difference. They offered us seats and waters right away, chatted about the e liquid companies, had all kinds of awesome background knowledge of the juices...just wow. Really great stuff!!We bought these incredible juices from Ripe Vape which, as one of the employees accurately described as TO DIIIEEE FOR!! So good, seriously. Mindblowing! We also picked up a Hurricane Storm Juice in Sunset Cavendish which is the first tobacco flavored one that my hubs really loves. The dude that helped him pick it out was so helpful! They took us around to the side to wrap up our stuff, and wow...they packaged the juices in tissue paper and a cute paper bag. PRO! They also gave us an awesome free bag of ekowool! So blown away by this beautiful shop, awesome staff, incredible selection!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,11/23/2014,255,647,4,6,8>Let's get one thing straight, this is NOT a lake.  It is more like a large pond.  If you are expecting an actual lake you will be disappointed.  Now, if you expect a large pond you will be fine.  So this lake/pond is not that impressive but is kinda cute and has ducks and turtles that you can throw bread to.  There is this tiny little dock where you can sit and relax, feed the ducks or fish.  The path around the water is less than a mile, flat, wide and very easy.  Lot's of people are walking, running, jogging and walking dogs but there is plenty of room.  If you want something more difficult take the path up the hill, its pretty steep and will take you on a longer journey.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,11/22/2014,111,131,6,6,6>Oh the countless times I have been to Yellow Deli and no matter what time or occasion it is, everything is always fantastic! Mini high school reunion (twice), friend's birthday dinner, catching up with friends, cold and rainy lunch, or to simply come in for a quiet place to study!This eclectic, country, casual atmosphere encompasses their farm to table freshness in their food. Good food made simple! Everything is fresh and they have their own farms in Valley Center which cannot help but make you feel slightly humanitarian in giving back to the local community. Eat more food!My favorite is a turkey sandwich with melted provolone cheese and onions, cucumber, lettuce slathered with mayonnaise and mustard on top of a Kaiser Roll dressed with their homemade kettle chips! It's really hard to decide however if that's my ALL-TIME favorite because my appetite is reflective upon nature. A nice bowl of chili a cornbread perfect for cozy, cloudy Sunday afternoon or their Garden salad with a Peach Mate drink on a sunny afternoon or the Cream Cheese Pie with Strawberries and a coffee for an after dinner treat. There is nothing I love more than 24/7 places and although I seem to be craving their food on the weekends (they're closed in the weekends), this place is 24/5 which makes this a go to place for me when I'm pulling those all nighters and need copious amounts of hot coffee to fuel my steam engine! Since they're aren't many places opened 24/7 in North County resorting you to a fast food place for a midnight craving, this makes it top notch in my book because sometimes you want good, simple food not greasy, cheap imports. Try anything and everything! You won't be disappointed!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,11/21/2014,460,744,5,10,6>$10 for a weekend day trip to the Southland?  Inconceivable!  (Yes, I know what that word means...)  And yet, that's the cost of a Metrolink ticket from Oceanside to Fullerton, ultimately ending at Union Station in Los Angeles.Sometimes, when I want to save some wear and tear on my car visiting my girlfriend up north for the day, I'll take the Metrolink up.  The Oceanside station is a transportation hub, with stations for Greyhound and Amtrak, ticket kiosks for the Metrolink, Coaster, and Sprinter, and cab services waiting curbside.  Granted, the station isn't too clean, the Burger King on premises is overpriced (go for the snack machines, they're cheaper), and the line to get your Metrolink ticket gets long - especially as the train leaves on time, so get there early! - but at least there's ample parking, and once you get your ticket, and get on the train, prepare yourself for a smooth trip.No dealing with traffic, a pretty quiet ride, and I can read my Kindle Fire HD during the trip up?  Cool!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,11/20/2014,17,14,9,6,8>This place just opened at the Highlands next to Taverna Blu, and being a fan of the North Park location, I'm thrilled to bits. The menu is slightly different from North Park's - or maybe it's just as variable and at the chef's whim like North Park? (Which is an underrated trait, by the way, in a Forrest Gump sense. Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know which chef's special you're going to get.)Surprisingly it's not crowded yet. Get in there while you can before the locals get wind - I've been watching the construction for awhile and only found out because I was grocery shopping today - and you have to throw up elbows against trophy wives and soccer moms to get your pork fix! Carnitas and Snooze are probably the best places of the gourmet fat kid food genre you can eat at in this mall.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,11/19/2014,63,94,4,6,7>Tin Leaf is like the Trader Joes of restaurants, higher quality ingredients that are fresher than you are used too, but a bit more pricey. It fits in perfectly in this area of Carlsbad. I have only eaten here twice, but with no excuse for why it's not more often. Today, I called in an order to pick up. I was going to go with a salad, until I saw that they offerred gluten free bread (.50 surcharge). I ordered the Cali Cubano with slaw as my side and an fountain drink and it came to $10 and some change. Pretty pricey for lunch, but you get what you pay for. The pork and capicola was moist and plentiful. The spicy mustard was on point! The coleslaw was the best I have ever had. Flavorful, not too watery and a nice big side of it. I was stuffed to the gills when I was done.Even though I didn't eat in, I noticed that the staff is very attentive. Even though this not a "waited on" establishment (you order your food to the counter and it is brought to you), staff was walking around, filling sodas, offerring fresh pepper, clearing plates, etc. and all with a smile.I can't wait to come back and try some other items.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/18/2014,53,89,4,6,6>Such a beautiful and scenic way to enjoy a hike! I love the fact that you end up at the beach when you're finished with your hiking mission!It's a great hike for people who are just beginning to hike, do bring sunglasses though, it'll help in blocking the sand from getting into your eyes, haha.Also, beware of the rattlesnakes! Just be mindful of where you step.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,9/3/2012,18,31,11,7,7>A good neighborhood dive bar is a must for night owls of every age and alcohol tolerance. OMTIP has a full bar, a couple pool tables, a not-so-terrible juke box, darts, and an outdoor area complete with fire pits. The crowd depends on the night of week, but it's usually a mix of marines, bikers, regulars, and cool kids doing some "post-pre-party-partying." The bartenders pour quick and heavy and will pass out a shot or two if they like the cut of your jib. This bar is on the way to the Humane Society Dog Park, so you can stop in on your way for quick drink...just you, not your dog...please don't get your dog drunk.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,9/2/2012,154,43,58,26,25>My advice about the bar: don't make eye contact with the weekday clientele. It evokes shame. Many of them will give you the I've-done-terrible-terrible-things 50-yard-stare so you must maintain a downward gaze until they have safely passed you by. Let's face it, you drink here because you hate yourself so try to mind your own business. My advice about the restaurant: it's kind of like prison in the sense that it is whatever you make of it. You can get sodomized in the showers all day or you can work on your law degree and read the classics. How will you spend your time? Will you look upon the husks of formerly vibrant couples hunched over stiff drinks and spaghetti dinners with disgust or will it occur to you that you can gorge yourself on meals that stick to your ribs for mere pennies on the dollar?I had a BLT with near perfect ratios of key ingredients while my attorney ordered a weighty platter of chicken fried steak, biscuits and gravy. He quickly succumbed to a bad case of the meat-sweats and lost consciousness against our high back booth. Refreshingly, nobody (neither patron nor proprietor) hassled us about the snoring.Is better food out there? Yes. Are there healthier options within walking distance? Absolutely. Is there better ambience at every nearby restaurant without exception? Dear God yes. But Captain Keno's is indisputable proof that price trumps all. You can get a fierce trucker feast and full blown alcohol poisoning for under $15. There is no way any restaurant can compete with that.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/1/2012,261,255,3,3,3>When I found out that a Yogurtland was opening in Mira Mesa I thought to myself another self-serve frozen yogurt place?!  The funny thing is that Yogurtland is probably the one I go to the most.  I just like it here.  My number one pet peeve about these places are messy toppings stations and dirty equipment, it just disgusts me but the workers here are constantly cleaning up and keeping things organized.  It's just so pleasant!  My new favorite flavor is the almond midnight mocha!  LOVE IT!  I hope they will keep this flavor around.  Nothing is worse than having a craving for a particular flavor and not being able to get it.  $0.39 per ounce.  What a steal!  True...Until you start adding your toppings and then the ounces add up.  I even have the frozen yogurt packing skill down....when you put a little bit of the frozen yogurt then hit the bottom of the container against the table so that you can strategically add more yogurt and still have space for your "healthy" toppings.  Enjoy your yogurt at one of the tables while reading the benefits of yogurt factoids on the wall.  Some days i'm like wow look at my healthy yogurt that is topped with all the bad stuff heath bars and chocolate and more chocolate.  Are you other yelpers guilty of this too?  It's hilarious.  I love it though.  I'm a yogurtland regular and will still keep on coming back.  I love you.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/31/2012,54,93,2,2,1>This place is awesome. I don't give out too many 5 stars. You are immediately greeted when you enter the restaurant and you are thanked when you leave. Everything we have ordered from here has met or exceeded our expectations. I am a firm believer that you get what you pay for and the higher price point at this restaurant proves it. If you want cheap sushi, then go to the grocery store next door. If you want high quality sushi with great customer service, then this is your place.  I'm also happy they did the expansion to allow more room in the dining area.Given the multitude of choices for sushi restaurants in Temecula, I would not hesitate coming back to this location as well as recommending this place to friends and family.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/30/2012,153,253,1,8,5>It's a county fair.  It's over priced.  It's deep fried.  It's amusing.They always have great acts, there's enough to do to keep everyone entertained, and if there's something that you've wanted to buy, be it a sham-wow or a jacuzzi, you can bet that they have it.I love going to the SD fair as much as I can every year.  Sure it gets expensive, but get a season pass, park in the horse park (then take the shuttle), buy a reusable drink cup at the beginning of the month, and enjoy all the free things they have with only little splurges.When you do it right, it's COMPLETELY worth it.  Or, just blow everything you got in one fell swoop.  Either way, you're bound to be entertained!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,8/29/2012,833,1178,2,7,5>I can't remember if it was Chins or Peking Palace before, but Crossroads is on the come up. Phase 1 Memphis style BBQ, that's dry rub, sauce on the side pork ribs. The sauce is tomato and vinegar based as expected, but they offer mild, medium, triple x and OHS (Otis the creator's original name was Oh *^%$, but OHS seemed more reasonable and it works since the cooks call it Otis' Hot Sauce). I dared not try it, but found the triple x sweet baby rays quite nice).Much off the decor was kept so they still have the fountain in the foyer and the chandelier above that, but a brand new kitchen and much more open seating and the highly visible tv. Black coated vinyl like table clothes make cleaning up the mess' easy. Booths outline the center picnic style tables.I was offered samples while i waited (dirty rice, hot links, bbq spaghetti). Dirty rice i thought to be dry, the links to be very good and the BBQ spaghetti i thought could use more sauce and more finely shredded meat. Mac & cheese was plain.We were offered more freebies corn bread was hot and sweet, could have used butter, but chunky and flaky at the same time. Sweet tea didn't appear to be small batch made, but was good none the less, best around outside of chick fil a.BBQ brisket sandy was massive. probably half pound with that great crust (they did not break the point/deckle) and was a bit fatty, but the crusty bark was great and the smoke ring wasn't as pronounced as most briskets. I opted for the sweet potato tots, yes not fries, but tots. Probably could go for less salt, but an idea i havne't seen in the dozens of gastro-pubs or restaurants that carry sweet potato fries.Deep fried Alligator is sometimes available, but the catfish and fried okra are must trys. I'm a fan of beef ribs, but it's hard to find the most shin guard sized one's aside from Big Tiny's in Vista. They cater and have quite a few sides, but no desertsThis is the real exciting part. They are opening a karaoke lounge & bar next door and a saloon 2 level bar next to that with a stage, dance floor and a 4th staging area in the coming months. From what i figure will be the largest bar in North County. We have a lot to be exited for form this run down stagnant corner. Maxdon's another favorite might have something to think about because we all sure do.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,8/28/2012,109,139,12,15,13>I can't believe I haven't written a review of this place yet but here it goes. I love my little Korean aunties flitting about with smiles educating the patrons of Temecula about the wonders of their Korean delicacies. To clarify, this is a Korean Tofu house, not a Hippy crunchy tofu house, thank you very much to the dreaded hemp clad hippies asking if they can have the tofu without the soup.I can't believe this place opened right next to my house and I am so happy it did because it brings tears to my eyes. I am a huge proponent of Korean dining and am saddened by it's lack of understanding and availability in San Diego/ Riverside county. But for a tofu house outside of Orange county, this is as good as you are going to get and in my opinion it's just as good if not better. The menu is small and simple and delicious. I really enjoyed their Kalibi, bulgolgi, the bibimbap is off the hook, and by far my favorite is the mushroom soondubu. I love the lovely little banchan and how patiently the women here explain how to eat the food and what to put with it. This place is finally starting to pick up business and i am glad.If you are wary of Korean food because you have never had it go with the bibimbap, it's like deconstructed fired rice, and it's fun as you cook it in the vessel it's served in. Otherwise try the beef or the short ribs. Chicken is good but It's just not as good as the beef.Trust me, you will not be disappointed. I think this place could use some music though to liven up the atmosphere a bit.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,8/27/2012,303,270,16,17,17>3.5 stars.Giacoletti's is a small ukulele and guitar store. In comparison to a big chain store like Guitar Center, Giacloetti's offers a more personal experience when shopping for a guitar or ukulele. The only downfall of being a smaller store is the lack of variety in their inventory. I appreciate the personal experience and knowing that the gentlemen I was speaking with had over 20 years with the guitar. I only wish they offered different brands and lower prices or at least specials.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/26/2012,959,909,3,5,3>I came here for my friend's son's 7th Birthday party. I had an awesome time racing with my friends on these giant inflatables and boxing with huge gloves. They were very organized in moving you from room to room. There are only 2 rooms with inflatables and the last room is where you get to eat! You have to buy food from them and the food was ok. I had 3 slices of pizza and some of the fruits and veggies plates.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,8/25/2012,97,247,3,8,3>4 stars for the clearly marked organic section (although nowadays who knows what standards are followed). All I know is it tastes good, and "real."  1 extra star for the clean, indoor bathroom.  That's right ladies, no portable potty like 99% of the farmers markets.  This one has is located in the building halfway through the market, and trust me, it makes a difference in my books.What I like: 1. Red Oven pizza -- fresh, flavorful, hand-make dough.  Try the "Alsatian" and check out their reviews. 2. Bouchee bakery -- Bernadette and Eric are super sweet, and the booth is probably the most beautiful booth I have seen at a farmer's market!  Order a cake from them for special occasions (weddings, birthdays) and you will not be disappointed!3. Honey! Tastes like "real" honey (yes with pollen unlike the sugar/honey from stores) My favorite was avocado honey, you can taste all of them to find your fav. 4. Tea Gallery (there every other week).  Great choices for both caffeinated and herbal teas!5. Flowers and more flowers.  Walk down to compare pricing6. Occasional musicians--this one group that played guitar "jason maraz" style was awesome!Note: no dogs allowed. This is the opposite of Sunset Market (Oceanside) where there are TONS of dogs, from 2 pounds to 200 pounds (not kidding)!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,3/26/2013,179,152,2,3,2>This place would normally be 3-stars but this is San Diego so I give it 4 stars.I didn't even order a drink but the pearl milk tea was surprisingly delicious. It beats the taste and price of Tea Station down the street. Tea Station is overpriced! What the freak! I can order 2 drinks here for the price of 1 large drink there. Not cool.I'm slowly getting the idea of places not to go and others dare not to take a step in. This is small and quiet place to relax and talk amongst friends or play BIg 2 and beat the shit out of them like I did. By the way, if you ask for the playing cards, it's missing a card from each deck so don't be confused like us.I would definitely come back for another round of kicking ass in Big 2. Yay!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,3/25/2013,46,223,4,6,4>As I exited my car, I was hit with the very strong scent of garlic wafting through the parking lot.  A good sign indeed.I tried the roasted vegetable pizza, a cheeseless pizza, and added the Fennell sausage to it (no extra charge).   It was a little bit on the tangy side for me , but the veggies were very fresh and good quality.The crust was thin, as I like them, but I would have preferred it had the crust been a bit crisper.... maybe an extra 60 seconds in the oven.For the price of $7.50 a pie, one would be hard pressed to find a better lunch in the area.    I'll definitely head back, and next time I'll try one with cheese and ask them to crisp it up a little. :)I didn't try the desserts, but they looked so nice on display that I presumed they purchased them from a dessert specialty shop;  when I asked who supplied their desserts I was surprised to hear that they make them themselves.  If they taste as good as they look I'd be a fool not to save some room for dessert next time.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,3/24/2013,157,125,3,4,5>I recently decided to jump out of a plane; seeing that I am alive and well, I decided to give the company five stars. But in all seriousness, Tsunami Skydivers deserves the highest possible rating for their amazing customer service and "product."After seeing a deal for San Diego Skydive, my (now ex) boyfriend and I decided we would buy the experience for our holiday present to each other. He had been skydiving almost 12 years earlier, but said that he had not had the full appreciation of it due to his age. Luckily, he also wanted to be my escort (kind of) as I crossed another experience off my bucket list. So I called Skydive San Diego regarding the living social deal, as well as check out their competition to make sure I was getting the best bang for my buck (or jump for my dollar?); that's when I came across Tsunami Skydivers. I had spoken on the phone with the other company and the covnersation had been short, sweet and professional; they lacked passion for their sport and in all honesty, they made the experience seem cookie cutter and uninteresting. I then spoke with Rich of Tsunami Skydivers and my excitement for the experience returned. He informed me, but not in an aggressive over-salesy way, that the deal which was offered by the other company wasn't as good as it seemed. Essentially, they fly at 10K feet only at 8 or 9am for the $129 advertised; had I wanted to upgrade to 13K ft (which doubles your free fall time) I would have to pay another $40 and then I would also have additional choices for jump times. So essentially with the Yelp coupon at Tsunami Skydivers, you pay the same price at  for the jump. Additionally, I would benefit with a less expensive video/picture package (less expensive by $30) and better views (Oceansive vs. Jamul).  I was so impressed with Rich's knowledge, his passion and experience in the business. After speaking for almost 30 minutes (hey don't judge ~ I wanted to make sure I was making a safe decision), I scheduled a jump for the bf and I five days later. Unfortunately, 4 days later the bf and I broke up. But this is not a sad sob story, it is instead a tale regarding one of the best experiences in my life. So here it is two weeks later, and I had rescheduled the jump for the day the Mayans predicted the world to end (you know, just in case it came true that night).  I arrived at 2pm (the suggested best time for the winter season) and was promptly greeted by Tara, the receptionist/coordinator. I filled out some standard paperwork (i.e., you wont sue us in case of your untimely death caused by an extreme sport) and that is when she expressed concern that I would be too cold on the jump. I was wearing a thin sweater with scoop neck and leggings; I reminded her that she had earlier told me to be comfortable and never mentioned a sweatshirt, hoodie or fleece. Well, turns out the weather had changed and had she not kindly given me a sweatshirt I would have freezed my tooshie off (note to the consumer reading this: bring layers).So here it is: the jump. I was given a short training prior to, seated in the airplane with my tandem guide and one other  (semi?) professional jumper and within minutes we were taking off. It was incredible!!! They pointed out La Jolla, downtown San Diego and Catalina islands as we soared 13k into the sky. Then it was time to jump, the door of the plane opened, we slid out from our seats and  took a leap of faith (faith in that my guide had correctly packed our parachute). I can't express the feelings I had; it truly had gone by too quick. I was in awe as we free fell above the beautiful coastline of Oceanside, got to grab hands with my new flying friend (the other guy who had jumped) and then floated back down to earth after opening the parachute. The guys and girl of Tsunami Skydivers are amazing. They put you at ease while cracking jokes and reliving their first experiences of Skydiving as you experience yours. I cannot express my extreme thanks, as well as my recommendations for others to also give it a try!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/23/2013,247,232,10,11,11>This is not your BR's 31 flavors. This is Dole Whip, Caramel Coconut Macadamia Nut, guava cheesecake ice cream heaven! You will not find these in your run of the mill ice cream parlors. Lapperts is a one of a kind swift slap to the mouth because its creamy, smooth and rich in flavor. Not really friendly for the lactose intolerant but its worth the 5 mins with the porcelin goddess. Its a bit pricey but there is no other place where you can get ice cream and Dole Whip like this..unless you wanna fly to Hawaii or pay $100+ to run to Frontierland in Disneyland for the same priced Dole Whip cup. Its hidden in a small shopping complex down in Scripps Poway where Carl's Jr and Nothing Bundt Cakes is located.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/22/2013,72,256,3,4,4>I really, just really, love Crush. It's right down the street from my place and my number 1 choice for happy hour. $5 house wines and 1/2 off appetizers makes for a great evening with friends. They even accommodate my friend's 7 year old daughter with chocolate milk (not even on the menu) and her favorite chicken strips in town. Service is always extremely friendly and speedy. My favorite item is the roasted mussels in a spicy tomato broth with sausage. It is served with bread on the side to soak up the extra sauce, and absolutely amazing. I have had the meatballs, also great. The wine is wonderful as well. Definitely one of my top spots for happy hour, yum go!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/21/2013,83,241,5,10,5>Looked at myself in the mirror the other day and had a panic attack. Must. get. hair. cut. stat.My usual hair girl (friend) was out of the country for a few weeks and I couldn't wait, so I came here after a friend's raving review. Best find ever.Sola Salon is basically like a small village of salons. The place was really cute and welcoming and each salon owner has his or her own "suite." I arrived promptly for my appointment with Tamara, the owner of Parris Salon. She asked me some questions about how I style my hair and what my concerns are. She looked at the different layers and made some suggestions based on what I said my ideal hairstyle was. She spent a lot of time re-layering my hair because my hair had lost its shape completely. I was really pleased with my new haircut and my friends complimented my new hair the following day. This woman knows what she's doing so if you are looking for a new person, definitely try it out!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,3/20/2013,212,596,1,17,2>FINALLY ate at Saigon Noodles.  We were there to get take out so we could eat in front of the TV and being the first time, we must have looked a little "deer in the headlights" because the woman working there came and asked if we needed help and offered to decipher the menu for us.  She was VERY friendly and I asked a few questions and then we ordered the #20, which is shrimp and pork noodles with a crispy egg roll cut up on top and we added some beef fried rice and shrimp spring rolls.  It was ready quickly and an employee brought it out to us where we were sitting at a table.  I grabbed some hot sauces and we were on our way.When we opened our boxes at home, I was startled by how big the three spring rolls were!  HUGE!  I dished up a little of everything for each of us and it was DELICIOUS!  This is not our usual fare, so it was nice to shake things up with some new flavors.  The only thing I didn't like so much was that the fish sauce is separate, so we had to pour cold sauce onto the hot noodles and mix with the other cold ingredients and it made it all sort of cold.  I'm guessing it might be different when eating in.   I had plenty left to take for lunch the next day.  Oh, and loved the peanut sauce that comes with the spring rolls.  I really appreciated the friendly and fast service.  Very tasty overall.  We'll definitely eat there again.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,3/19/2013,327,309,4,8,3>If you need cycling gear or advise (like me) go see Chuck here! I needed a new pump for my beach cruiser so instead of going to Walmart I chose to cruise (haha) down to Pacific Coast Cycles to see what they had.Not only did Chuck have two great pumps to show me, he was extremely knowledgeable and even showed me how to use it on a cruiser similar to mine. They don't open until 10 on Saturday, but if you're early you can park in their parking lot and walk next door to Cream of the Crop for a smoothie :)Great LOCAL business!!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,3/18/2013,72,145,5,6,5>I went in here based specifically on Yelp reviews. It didn't really break my heart to see the previous place go away and the thought of someplace better had my interest.   The first thing I noticed was how clean the place was. Now, I might be being a little picky but the second thing I noticed was a lack of variety on the menu. The things they make are REALLY good but I was hoping for a little more to choose from. Maybe down the road when the rest of North County discovers this place.  I settled on the Pulled Pork sandwich. Not my favorite thing to order and it was actually my second choice but I wasn't hungry enough to eat what I really wanted. For my side I got the Mac and Cheese and added a piece of cornbread (for a buck it's a no brainer) and (YAY) a diet Coke. (NOT PEPSI, yuck)  Ok, I initially ignored the sandwich and went straight for the Mac and Cheese. For me macaroni and cheese is like pizza. Even if it's bad, it's still pretty good. THis is NOT the case. The Mac and cheese is fantastic. I almost ordered a second serving. (I'm fat, I'll eat it) about halfway through the heaven smothered in cheese I remembered.. :"Hey, dumb dumb. You have cornbread!" One bite and I was hooked.It's got something green in it (jalapeño I'm guessing although there was no bite) but I really couldn't tell what it was. Like the Mac and Cheese I wish I had more but then I remember I'm not that hungry. (I have to remind myself sometimes) Now I'm staring at a sandwich.. a generous helping of pulled pork with bbq sauce on a pillowy bun that is fresh. The bun is just a carrier. Fluffy and soft but doesn't try to steal the show from the goodness inside. About the time I'm thinking "Self, I'd like a touch more bbq sauce." I find a squeeze bottle of awesomesauce in the caddy right in front of me. As I spike my napkin onto my plate in victory the waitress (Who has been stellar) comes by and asks the worst question possible. "Would you like anything for dessert?" DAMN HER!!! "Yes I would. What have you got?" all I heard was "Blah blah blah, Chocolate chip waffle ice cream sandwich." So much for not being hungry.  She's gone 2 minutes and what's that smell? FRESH waffles being made. No pre made crap waiting for me to order it. She's making them NOW! shortly I'm presented with a big scoop of vanilla yumminess seated between two thick Chocochip waffle quarters dusted with powdered sugar with a small cup of chocolate sauce on the side. (Now it's on MY side) I mowed right through that like a fat kid on and ice cream sandwich... (Oh wait, that exactly what it was) Burp, I'm done!!  This all being said, the device was as good as the food. Lots of smiles, drink refills and just plain good! I'll be going back for sure. Things that might warrant that FIFth star:White meat. I'm not a dark chicken fan. Wifi. My cell service sucks in that part of town.Maybe some Jambalya or Red Beans and Rice
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,3/17/2013,154,194,2,7,2>Be selective on where u decide to eat down here. They are all a lil spendy but not all of them have the best food for what u are paying.Parking lot for the Harbor is a across the street from Joes Crab Shack. Thing i dont like about the parking is u are forced to walk through a lil tunnel where the cars drive through at the same time. I am usually carrying my child so there is always that parent caution that some driver might not be fully sober. Wish the had a separate walk way from parking lot for safety.Lots of different charter boats a sight seeing tours u can board at the Harbor. Also are able to rent water crafts like seadoos and sea kayaks. Then the beach in the harbor has some pretty good surf depending on the swells. There is north jetti and south jetti which are two good breaks
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/28/2014,489,211,7,7,6>You want fast results without spending hours at a gym? I just finished my 6th class in a two week period and I noticed tone in my arms and chest at the third class. About 50 minutes long it goes quickly and each position seems to fly by in seconds. I'd like to call it the lazy persons workout but that wouldn't be fair. It is definitely not a lazy workout. It just seems to go quickly but the benefit is great. I have lower back, neck, wrist and shoulder injuries that worried me in consideration of exercise routines but these classes and instructors know how to work your body around any special needs you might have. Though I don't expect miracles in pilates to cure my battered bones I am very happy to report strengthening in my problem areas and I feel better, sleep better and have a clearer head because of it. I believe this is a life changing event for me and so thankful to Yelp and our community manager Trish for setting up these trial period classes that have sparked my inner fire.  Thanks Club Pilates and Yelp for the benefit I am getting.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/27/2014,327,309,9,11,10>Meet my new BFF - a walk up restaurant that serves salads, quinoa sushi, assorted super food snacks, desserts, smoothies, bowls, cold pressed juices and coffee - shoot, you can even find turmeric milk on the menu! What's that you say? EVERYTHING ON THE MENU IS GLUTEN FREE, DAIRY FREE AND PLANT BASED - yes vegans, you heard right :DIt's been a long time since I've had a smoothie, most have dairy and I'm allergic to that. If you're looking for an allergen-free dining experience and you struggle with anything listed above, I HIGHLY recommend you give this place a shot! PRICES - I'm rolling my eyes as hard as I can at the people complaining about prices on healthy food that's 100% organic and sustainable. Laughable you are! Anyone who eats this way all of the time knows it's not cheap to treat your body right. So with that said - TREAT YO SELF!My FAVORITES so far?$8 ACAI VITALITY SMOOTHIE W/ COCONUT BUTTER ADDED - Sprouted Vanilla Almond Milk, Date, CHOICE Protein, Açai, Strawberry, Banana, Ice. Superfood Boosts: Maca, Almond Butter, Coconut Butter (75c Each).$8 SPICY AMOR - Sprouted Vanilla Almond Milk, Date, Maca, Cinnamon, Nutmeg, Cayenne, CHOICE Protein, Sproted Almonds, Banana, Pinapple, Choice Protein, Ice. Superfood Boosts: Maca, Extra Protein, Baobab, Coconut Butter, (75c Each). Give it a shot - it's a great place for families and couples to hang out. There are really cool tables and shady spots to enjoy your treats. So glad that waffle place is gone....
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,9/26/2014,792,364,10,14,10>Located on State Street just off of Carlsbad Village Dr.  If you get lucky, you'll be able to park for free (3 hours)  on State street.  It's definitely a small place.  Can't be larger than the size of a single car garage.   It's simple. Quiet. Clean.  The place is owned and ran by a sweet and gentle elderly Japanese couple.  They are actively preparing the meals just behind the cashier working to the sounds of a low volumed mono stereo set to a pop music radio station.  There are two commercial glass fridges when you walk in.  One for assorted canned drinks (some with Asian writing on them), sodas, and bottled waters.  The other is for the food which they sell in prepackaged containers.  They've got Tuna Poke, Salmon Poke, Half-Half Poke Bowl (2 of any of the following...Poke Tuna (cubed) , Spicy Tuna (mixed and chopped), Spicy Salmon (cubed and a spicy creamy sauce) or Spicy Crab salad, etc).  They also have several sushi rolls (eel, tuna, etc) The allure of the place seems to be  that everything is fresh and hand prepared into prepackaged bowl servings.  If you come with the expectation that it is a simple meal versus a full-service type of restaurant, then you'll be satisfied and happy.  If you're expecting more than that, I think you might want to look elsewhere.  It's a perfect "pick-up" lunch type of place, or if you "happen to be in the area" and are in need of a quick lunch without the frills.  The place has that "Hawaiian Island" convenience-store type of feel.  You know, the ones you might find on the road to North Shore or on the windy side in Kailua....the type of place that you fondly categorize as "that locally owned store" by that familiar friend whom you've known for oh so long.  I like it, and it brings out a sort of nostalgia which I can't quite figure out yet.   It's perhaps the simplicity of it all.  I would recommend calling in your order (if you're in a rush)  to assure that you get the entree you want (they sell out fast).  Oh, and remember to bring cash as they don't take credit cards.   For me, this is the perfect quick lunch spot and I'll be sure to return many times in the future.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,9/25/2014,373,63,16,23,24>Love this riding school!  Lindsey is the right mix of sweet and sassy. She is firm when she needs to be; yet, personable, friendly to all she encounters. She is organized and professional.  She is patient with all the cute questions kids can ask.  "Lindsay, why is horse poop so green? Why does my dog like to eat horse poop? Lindsay, why does your dog eat carrots? How can you tell if this horse is a male or female?" Mom is giggling. Love the words out of the mouths of babes.She encourages growth, but doesn't pressure the child or parents to do shows.  She is direct without sounding like a drill sergeant. Kids scare easily when on top of big beast. She teaches both styles, Western and English.  She doesn't have airs about one style being better than the other. She empowers the children with affirmations when they perform well.  You see their little chest puff up and eyes get so excited to please her and to make progress. Her program is about having fun with the option to show, lease, or however far the family wants to take it.  She is flexible about working around families and their activities. For a woman who doesn't have children of her own (yet), she just gets the bigger picture and doesn't sweat the small stuff about dealing with kiddo's like burn out, illness, stress of school. She has a good mix of horses for all levels, ages, and stages of development. Don't quote me, but I think she has 6 or 7 now she rotates for lessons.  My daughter is a Shiloh fan. While she teaches the rider from collecting the horse, to saddling, riding, and finishing up in the cross stall, safety and proper care is always followed. Lindsay is easily accessible via text and is very responsive. My daughters like the addition of her new staff, Curtis.  He is knowledgeable and has a warm energy to him as well. Her camps this summer were much fun, with plenty to do.  My girl's wish they could have had more riding time during the camps, but when they weren't riding they were making friends and doing fun activities.  This Location is conveniently located in Carmel Valley/ Rancho Santa Fe.  There is plenty of parking, with 5 riding arenas. Congratulation to Lindsay, and Noodle, for qualifying in the 2014 World Championship! We are rooting for ya!  Tip for ya, I have friends with older girls who ride the ponies. Word is, these teen girls fall in love with the horses, and then they have no time for boys or getting in kid trouble because they want to spend every minute riding and being with horses.  Fingers crossed I will be so lucky.  I have one 11 YO starting to be boy crazy. Gulp!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/24/2014,250,200,5,8,10>Although this review is solely based on my first experience and the only chicken soup that I ordered to go, just alone for them going out of their way for my small little takeout order in a late Sunday evening, I immediately went on Yelp after my delicious meal to write them a 5-star review! I was very impressed and happy with my first-time experience here, read on...Check out the photo I posted... It's amazing how they put so much thought in my little but not little takeout order: big bowl of soup packed with vegetables and a whole piece of chicken thigh with minimal skin or fat, 4 pieces of corn tortilla, cilantro, onions, chili flakes, thyme, rice, napkins and a spoon. When I opened the plastic bag, I was shocked by all these little bags of tin foil. What are they? They are all the goodies that the thoughtful chef prepared to make sure I still get the full experience as if I were dining there... :)Thank you so much! The chicken soup definitely made my sore throat feel better! The staff were really nice and friendly too.And given that I went there in a late Sunday evening, they were not slacking at all, still being professional! It's hard to find a business that cares... I'm so happy to have these guys in my neighborhood!I'll definitely come back for more food and write an update. For now, here's your 5 stars for your amazing service and food!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,9/23/2014,833,1178,9,11,9>Thank you Oceanside city council for being less strict on the business. For all of you who don't vote, you allowed former members to basically block the food expansion of places like LTH, Surfisde, Flying Pig, Wrench. Where were they 3-5 years ago, twinkles in someone's eye. But no longer. I love compass and have for some time, but Oceanside really didn't have a place all that similar to it. Not that they built a business off that model, but lets face it not many places have a solid, but small menu and good craft beers and custom cocktails in a relaxed atmosphere.Don't be alarmed by the rebar rods used as fencing for their apartment-esque patio. This isn't the Fed. It's a little bit steel refurb junk yardish, but the wood grained counter tops make up for some hard stools. Large roll up windows allow plenty of western exposure to come in. the dark ceiling keeps the overall tone uniform. Sorry to get all interior design and architect on you. A few large TV's are out of the way enough to not be nuisance. Tall tables and chairs inside are more padded, semi tall booths and a decent amount of space. Small parking lot, most people street it or walk it as this place gets good foot traffic too. Color scheme is a little basic, stark, imagine Beir Gardens in Encinitas without the  romance, tree and more space.Yes they opened less than a week ago and was surprised by the turnouts on memorial Day considering they had no advertising, webpage is a placeholder and had little to no social media. They held open job fair so they are still getting a handle on things. The owner is pretty cool and glad he was able to bring something like this here. He brought in a chef to do the whole menu so he doesn't really know much about the dishes.Menu is basic, went with the fritters, fries and pot roast fries on my first visit along with le freak, since they were out of Belching Beaver Saison(3 days too). . The fries were good, but the sauce is what sung, not sure if the ketchup was actually made in house, the other sauce was like a runny caeser with lemon and dill, it was amazing, it's kind of their go to dressing and probably would go great on a lot of things. Fritters were well cooked, but not well seasoned, I would have liked some heat, some herbs  that will armonitize from the cooking and perhaps a hair longer in the fryer. Pot Roast fries were served in an old bread tin, very cool concept. Fries were same used in the standard order, mushrooms and a pot roast au jous more than a gravy. I thought I saw quinoa in it too. Beef flavor was good, but not overly, cheese. This is not Poutine, nor is it trying to be. It's kind of unfair to compare the 2. It's mediocre for what it is. Service was ok, they were busy, but they need to lock down the duties and tables. My beer came fast and correct half the time. The other half, not. Prices are pretty good. Every brewery has the food problem. This place for the most part is doing everything right except media attention. I normally don't review after 1 visit, but want to help with their attention. Rest assured I'll be here 2-3 times in the coming weeks for a more complete update.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,9/22/2014,163,165,2,9,7>Relm is the perfect place to go enjoy wine with amazing accompaniments! Everything is reaaallllly good here. The wines are always changing and they never disappoint. I love their cheeses, desserts, and OMG the baked brie!! If you haven't had this, you are missing out big time! You order everything at the counter and they will bring it to your table. The tables are cozy, some with couches. So fun to get together with friends here! There is a large room in the back that you could hold a very nice sized party in. I would love to celebrate my birthday here! hint hint!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/21/2014,164,418,7,7,9>This is the best tattoo shop I've ever been to hands down. Eva, Joe and Shaun are all super cool and are excellent at what they do. This is a very clean shop and meticulous about tattooing which is really what you want in a tattoo artist. They have a great website and so much information about taking care of your tattoo and the different tattoo's each artist has done. Hubs and I planned to get our tattoo's done at the same time and I went with Eva and Hubs went with Joe. Eva is very good at what she does. She is gentle and I've been to tattoo artists that are very rough with the needle. You will get quality art from her. Joe does amazing tattoos as well. He's very personable and all of them are hilarious and it's definitely a great vibe in the shop. Eva and Joe both accept credit cards but Shaun only accepts cash. They are located right off Temecula Pkwy next to a Puppy Store and Subway. Great prices for the quality of work you get. Now Hubs and I have our go-to tattoo shop! Thanks Eva and Joe!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,9/20/2014,80,159,8,9,9>The owner is really friendly and whenever I come in she has a very chipper attitude for so early in the morning which I love! :) the donuts are good and my kids love them because they always has a clever little creation ex: Cookie Monster sprinkled donuts. Every time I get home and open my box I realize she's thrown in a little extra which is super cool:))  It's cash only people so come prepared!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,9/19/2014,139,453,6,6,10>First the bread rolls were crazy good, they tasted like NY pretzels! We all had a few baskets of that. To start we shared the Brussel Sprouts Casserole with bleu cheese, pancetta and slivered almonds and it is insanely good. I thought it would be a lot bigger, we seriously could've eaten 3 or 4 of those. I ordered the Mahi Mahi with garlic mash potatoes and sauteed veggies. It was fresh and a generous-sized portion. My bf got the Scottish Salmon and cleaned his plate. My dad got the Surf n Turf special, my mom also Salmon, my sister Short Ribs with wasabi mashed potatoes (YUM!) and her bf got a huge Pork Chop.Because it was my dad's birthday, they brought a cute little creme brulee with a candle in it and it was so good! Since it was a special occasion, we decided to get the Peanut Butter Chocolate Cheesecake and the Apple Tart with caramel and ice cream. The cheesecake is incredibly rich, but it was heavenly. I wasn't crazy about the Apple Tart because it was just way too sour for me, although my bf really enjoyed it.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,4/16/2013,63,94,4,3,2>Phone Phix is in the same vicinity as our Saturday breakfast place and have been meaning to check them out for awhile.The perfect opportunity came when I outgrew my plain white iPhone. I desire to be different! And what other way to do that but change the glass to a color on my iPhone 4S. Everyone is out and about raving about their iPhone 5. Not me. My conversation piece is now a cal trans orange phone.Sheldon was great. I was prepared to spend the $100 it cost to do this, but then fell in love with the ghost armor on his phone and had to have that too. Since my screen wasn't broken and could be reused, he made me a deal. I like deals. This is guaranteed to get me back.If you need phone repairs, it is worth a try to stop here before a national wireless store. If he can't fix it, he will be honest and tell you. Keep in mind he doesn't work on blackberrys (as it should be).P.S. before you try gazelle.com or another electronic buy back place, bring it here. I had a rude awakening when I learned Sheldon would have given me $125 for what gazelle offered me $40
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,4/15/2013,179,454,1,5,3>This is my favorite place in North County to get a thin crust pizza. It's on Main Street across from Mother Earth's tap room which is awesome. The restaurant is a good size with an outdoor patio as well.  It has an industrial feel, but it works. There aren't a lot of people working there, but they do a great job to get the food out as fast as they can. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and really take pride in their pizza making. You can get a white pie (Parmesan, Garlic and Olive Oil) or a red pie (Sauce, Parmesan and Olive Oil). You can add Mozzarella as well, which I suggest.. There are many toppings to choose from including mashed potatoes, and jalapenos. There are two regular sizes as well starting with small (9 bucks) and large (14 bucks). Toppings are extra, and vary in price. Small should be big enough to share with a friend, and large will give you leftovers. My favorite is a white pie with mozzarella and mashed potatoes. Very tasty. It comes out with just the right amount of charring as well. Tip. You can order a pizza and bring it over to Mother Earth. Very nice if you want a fresh microbrew to go with a fresh pizza. 2nd Tip: Order before 4pm and you can get the mini pie, 1 topping and a drink for 7 bucks. Plenty big enough for one person. For a great meal at a great place for family and friends, this is the place.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,4/14/2013,101,659,4,5,5>I must say....I am a bit embarrassed that I haven't posted a review about this Escondido landmark yet!This is a sweet institution (note the fun word play ) that has been in Escondido since about the same time the dirt was installed...and they have been slinging delicious and giant creations ever since...and 24hours I might add!I love the older style of this place where all the offerings are situated by the many windows and you simple walk around pointing at what you would like packaged up. You can tell the regulars as they are able to almost telepathically communicate to the person picking the yummy items behind the glass "Yep...that pink and chocolate one...3rd in and 4th down...yep".No matter how you do it you will not be disappointed. The maple bars are about the size of a brick, the cinnamon rolls could cover a trash can...and if that were not enough...you get plenty of quality to go along with that quantity!Nothing makes 2am better than a giant ring of sweet pastry heaven....and Peterson's has what you need!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/13/2013,166,112,3,7,5>It's a Chinese-Italian restaurant at the gas station. It is what it is. Don't dress up then bring someone here for a first date or roll out in a limo unless you're a part of some Asian mafia. It's nice inside, surprisingly. It's located in a dark corner of a gas station where there are suspicious characters lurking. At times it can be pretty busy in the restaurant though rarely. For the most part, most people are just there to have a meal or pick up takeout. They do have a bar and a big screen tv, which my fiance and I find helpful when we haven't called ahead for our order and have to wait a few minutes.I haven't personally sat down and ate here because we always do take out. We go here every week (bite me) for our take out for many years. I know the service is very good, attentive, and courteous. The food had always been consistent in quality and they always try to please you. Once they get to know you, they do things just the way you want if you tell them. It's really nice to have a relationship like that with a local business where you're a regular.My favorite for dinner is the war wanton soup. Best wanton soup I remember having and I've had plenty since I was a child. The vegetables are fresh! I usually don't like the vegetables when I was growing up. The wantons are also so delicious. An order is definitely big enough to fill up a big guy or big enough for two people.Sometimes I also order cream cheese wontons, which are delicious as well though I think it's a bit too much to have both war wonton soup and cream cheese wontons in one night.I've tried their shrimp scampi before and it's pretty good. They give you a large portion of it so make sure to have someone share it with you as an appetizer. I had it for dinner and though it was delicious, I felt guilty just because I know it's loaded with cholesterol from the butter and shrimp. The shrimp is most likely frozen but I try not to think of it. I haven't ordered it more than twice just because war wonton is really the big hit. Also, I've had much better quality of shrimp (fresh) before and it makes a big difference in taste. I've tried their caesar salad and it was not bad.I've tried other things on the menu and I ate them happily. I'm satisfied every time but I'm just a little over 5'2" and their portions are just too big for me. I sometimes don't stop eating until it hurts and it really sucks for me (but that's my own dang fault).My fiance always orders the chicken parmesan. He's not usually big on Italian food but for some reason loves to order that every week.They deliver for the locals but has a minimum order of I forget how much. $25 maybe? Which would be too much food for both me and my fiance.Why the 5 stars? Chinese take out for cheap, large portions, friendly service, delivery, and consistent quality. Maybe even stop by next door at the gas station to get a pint or two of ice cream for dessert.Disclaimer: It's not 5 star dining. Only go here if you're too lazy to make yourself dinner.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,4/12/2013,688,279,6,4,3>I have to say that they are on point over here!I like to go here before i go to watch the gulls game. The staff was really friendly and the sandwhichs that we all had were really good. I mean don't get overboard with critizing them It's a sub, and with sub it goes one of two ways, you either get it right or you don't and this place regardless of the type of meat they serve or whatever, well they got it right. Only one thing bothers me and someone else should look into it, so they have people that ate there (famous) and thier signed pictures, there is a picture of jay leno but no signature. Now I have seen this before in 3 other places around north county, either there is a guy going around acting like jay leno handing out head shots, or jay leno refuses to sign headshots. Honestly the entire time I was enjoying this amazing sub I was going "what the hell is the deal with jay leno?!"I highly suggest you go here and get your sub on. Full speed ahead to satisfaction!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,4/11/2013,102,187,5,5,7>This review is specifically for ELIZABETH! She is my hero. I experienced every forgetful parent's worst nightmare. My child brought her beloved and irreplaceable stuffed kitty into the store with us, and me, with my two kids in tow, left it behind in the shopping cart as I carried my kids and bags out of the store. Worst mother of the year award goes to me. Once she realized it was gone, I realized where I left it, and called in. I didn't get the best response. I got transferred two different times to people who gave a somewhat half-hearted attempt at locating it - but the third time is a charm. Elizabeth saved the day. She assured me that I was as important as the customers that were already in the store, and she would look high and low: in the carts inside, in the carts outside, in the carts customers were pushing around in the store, the aisles, whatever, wherever she could.My husband drove over to search as well, and while I was on the phone with him, I heard her come up to him with the beloved kitty - safe, sound and FOUND! Elizabeth found the kitty shoved in with the new stuffed animals in the store. That's what I call effort.  Thank you. You saved the day, and many sleepless nights......
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,4/10/2013,489,211,15,12,10>More comfortable than my living room, it's all I want to do anymore.It costs a lot more but I never want to sit in a regular theater again. Reclining seats, service to your seat, dinner or just your average concessions... Only thing you can't reach from your seat is the toilet. No they wont bring toilet paper to your toilet stall, in case you wonder things as I do. However, for the right price, you could probably convince someone to wipe for you. I said, "for the right price". I love this place and everything it's about. Some showings are 21 and over, serving alcohol and eliminating those unruly teenagers that still think it's funny to shout something stupid at the screen. Nope, no more idiots with giant hair sitting in front of me blocking my view. Every seat is great and reserved as if it were your own leather easy chair. This is no longer a day at the movies, rather, it's now a taste of luxury. Push your personal servant button and your buttler will soon appear to serve your every wish. Except massage. But, again, for the right price??? Maybe? Someday?
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/9/2013,107,177,4,6,4>It's just sooooo preeeetty.If Willy Wonka owned a grocery store, I think this would be it.  Total eye candy everywhere.  And the lighting just makes you happy.Love the crazy amount of bulk bins.  There are candy bulk bins, there are your standard grain bulk bins, there are even dried mushroom bulk bins in pretty glass canisters!But I think my favorite is the craft beer isle - yes, ISLE.  It's a short isle, but still, the craft beer is given the proper space it deserves.  I just wish more of them were cold, especially since there is no corkage fee to go drink it in the bar!  That is if you can't find something you like from the 30+ beers they have on tap.As always, it's whole foods, it's expensive.  Nobody shops here for the prices.  I don't knock them for it cause its a given.My only criticism is I wish the outdoor seating area was a bit more inspired, maybe some plants?  It's just a tad sterile.All the workers were friendly and pleasant like I would expect from WFs.I look forward to making trips here when I want to grab a beer before my shopping.  Hopefully the parking lot will be manageable...
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/8/2013,133,389,4,8,7>Made reservations for dinner at 9pm, but arrived at 8:40 and they were so nice about seating us as soon as they got a table ready.5 of us had the AYCE that night, and our first round came out very quickly. The second round took quite a bit longer, probably about 10-15 minutes for those plates to come out. We only ordered one thing for our third round so that came out quickly as well.Onto the FOOD! Firecracker shrimp and garlic edamame were great to munch on. If i had a second belly I'd probably order more of that firecracker shrimp (shrimp with cream cheese, fried in a wonton wrapper). As for the fish, everything tasted very very fresh. While the rice:fish ratio is a bit higher than I'd prefer, it didn't bother me since the quality of the fish made up for it. Our feast included: salmon, yellowtail, albacore, tuna, halibut, red snapper, seared tuna, salmon roe, squid, surf clam, octopus, uni (1 order per person alotted), and yellowtail kama.Service was great and since we were there celebrating my birthday that evening, they also gave me the choice of a free dessert. I opted for green tea ice cream, since no matter how full I am, I'll always have room for green tea ice cream :)All in all, not the cheapest AYCE sushi I've had, or the best fish:rice ratio (ahem, Sushi Asahi), but the best freakin deal for sushi in San Diego for some good quality fish so I'd say this place was a winner. p.s. 150+ pieces among 5 people for $25/person is one heck of a deal!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,4/7/2013,101,397,5,5,5>still stop by for lunch a couple times a week. mad props for TOMIO NAKANISHI (YOSHINO is his term of endearment for his daughter). what a wonderfully nice man and love the grinds. most of the week (not mondays) his wife helps him keep up with all the happy, happy folks dropping by for something to eat.today the wife-unit, JODI, and i were there for lunch.  that's her doing the check-in, i never remember.  she teased, "your ten thousandth visit and fourth check-in" -- sounds about right. we shared a SALMON POKE bowl and SPICY TUNA roll. only open for lunch. arrive early because he runs out and you don't want to leave empty handed (or with a growlly, still empty tummy).always fresh. always delicious. always glad i went. arrigato.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,10/15/2012,165,576,4,4,4>Still a five star place to me. If you like burgers then you have to try this place out. I know it says Pizza in the name, but you REALLY need to try the burgers. If you're a fan of Smashburger, Habit Grill, Five Guys or other burger joints, please give this place a try. I love the Mushroom burger. So good and tasty and the fries are really good too. I like the burgers here much better than the other places that I've mentioned. Nice grass fed beef and their buns are nice (ha ha) too. Great service as always and the place has been doing really well and Steve told me that they may have to open another store. Good luck!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,10/14/2012,688,279,3,6,3>YOU GO THERE NOW AND GET THE UNLIMITED FISH TACOS! Yeah it's a great deal, and they have really good fudge as well. Good cozy place homecooked food. You can tell the owner loves and enjoys the place and what he does. So you should go enjoy the experince as well. Foodies, this is the place on your list for So Cal, now jump on it!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,10/13/2012,125,417,2,2,2>I've only been three times, but I plan on going back next week. I've take one of Garry's classes, one of Monique's, and one of Paula's. Garry's intro class was very helpful for me to get back into the swing of things. Monique's Play 1-2 was a little too intense for me, but I really enjoyed Paula's Play 1-2 class. Hers was more informal and she was open to suggestions for poses/area's work on. She's got a great personality and makes the class really fun with uplifting music. Classes can get pretty packed, so arrive at least 10 minutes early, and bring PLENTY of water because it gets hot (over 100 degrees).
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,10/12/2012,36,154,2,2,2>I am not generally one to endorse the healthy or green food. Because for the most part my favorites are bread, meat and cheese (I am a simple man).  Haggo's however will be an exception. I got the carne asada taco's and they were solid. Well seasoned, well cooked. Grass fed beef is always a little tougher, but they did a great job prepping it. The taco's were served with brown rice and beans, which aren't really my thing... but I cleaned my plate and my wife who is a brown rice fan thought they were awesome. What I really like about Haggo's is that I can fulfill a post-surf Mexican food craving without having to stop somewhere else to get something healthy for my wife. Next time I am going to try a burrito. The location itself is also pretty darn cool. You can tell the owners put their own creativity and time into creating a space that they really care about. Speaking of the owners/staff... Everyone working at Haggo's was really really nice and helpful. We will be back.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/11/2012,46,223,1,4,3>As someone who stays pretty coastal, we had been to the Poway Sushi Lounge only once (despite loving the food there).   So, I was totally stoked to find out that they recently opened a location in Encinitas.We have been to the Encinitas Sushi Lounge twice in the past month and have been very happy with the quality of the sushi and the quality & attentiveness of the staff.   Last week we had a couple of spicy scallop handrolls that were hands down the best we have ever tasted.    Additionally, they have a wide selection of house special rolls which are really tasty.Our favorite rolls / specialty dishes were the:- Albacore Special- the Red Dragon- the Tsunami (but we ask for it w/o asparagus)- the Chronic (which is a bit on the sweeter side)A couple of tips their we got from different sushi chefs there:- you can ask for your rolls with "light rice"; doing so really accentuates the flavor of the roll.- each of the chefs typically has their own special rolls that are not on the menu; if you tell the chef what sort of stuff you enjoy, he can probably has a unique creation he can make for you.I am torn between giving this place 4 stars and 5 stars.   Since there is no 4.5 option, I am bumping it up to 5 stars because of their ***Monday Happy Hour which has their top 9 rolls at half-price!***
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,10/10/2012,158,246,2,9,5>Happy Hour from 4:30 to 6:30 PM has a great menu.I highly recommend:ScallopsShrimp CocktailTartare Trio ComboCrispy Goat Cheese and Roasted Beet SaladLamb ChopsNY Steak SandwichThe Pork Osso Bucco is a bit too rich for my taste and the spetzle pasta is a bit weird.The vegetables are very fresh, they have a local farm.Happy Hour gets filled pretty quick so get here earlier. Also, parties larger than 4 will have a very difficult time finding seating.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,10/9/2012,100,71,3,3,3>i came here with my sister a couple nights ago. the decor is Japanese themed wood-  They have HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY (except Friday nights). i cannot complain about that!the TOMMY ROLL- we liked it  sorta. could have used some fresh cucumber in it. MISO SOUP was yum.SEAWEED SALAD- good. The staff is very nice and accommodating. i will definitely be back again if i am in Poway and crave sushi.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,10/8/2012,58,116,5,2,3>Hey!  When you earn it, you earn it and the Public house put it down for us when we were there.  Wifee and I rarely (read, never) venture into Temecula outside of the occasional visit to a friend's house or to get gas, otherwise, we are bee lining it to the wineries!  To our great fortune, we decided to eat before heading home this evening and looked on yelp for the local Yelper recommendations.  We were not disappointed.  Thanks to the Yelp community, we found ourselves at this fine establishment.The service was great.  Friendly, fast, jovial and quick witted.  He knew the menu and had a strong set of rec's that we took him up on for the wine and the apps.  Not disappointed. The grilled cheese made me want to hop a plane cross country, jump in a cab, hop the fence at my mother's gated community, climb through a window, run upstairs and slap my momma out of bed!  Yeah!  I wrote that!  Totally went there, it was that good.  The Kobe burger was equally impressive.  I almost missed out on their house sauce but they completed a batch in the last minute and the server actually came out to ask if I would like to change out the condiments I was almost relegated to put on the burger for the real deal...ummm...YEAH!!!  No regrets!  It was awesome.  They have live music that was a tad loud but we were close so it was acceptable.  the outside seating was plentiful as were the plastic wine glasses...odd but hey, I imagine all the money they save on stemware goes straight into the food...money well spent!!In the end, Public House became an instant hit and our "go to" location for dining whenever we find ourselves in Temecula.  Highly recommend this spot.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,10/7/2012,783,978,2,4,3>I came here after our CMYE beach clean up...since i had my kiddos with me Trish and I opted for coffee and cocoa instead of Bloody Mary's.  So glad that Trish introduced me to this coffee shop! kids loved their cocoa, they also had a pastry that was like a homemade, flakey delicious chocolate pop tart...i had an iced coffee that had house made caramel sauce in it...OMG!!! i need to come back and have another...like real soon.  I rarely make my way North of Del Mar, but now i have a darn good reason to.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,10/6/2012,212,596,4,5,3>I rarely eat donuts, but when I do, I go to Peterson's.  Well, it is like barely a mile from my house so it's easy in and easy out!This week I took a trip to Peterson's because I had been craving a donut for WEEKS without having my craving satisfied.  This is always a bad idea because when you let a craving build up like that, who knows what you might do!?!  What I did was a donut taste test!  Yup, that's what I did.  So, to get the ball rolling, I ordered ONE cinnamon roll, ONE butter log and ONE cinnamon twist.   The bulk total of these three items would feel a small family, but how on earth will I ever remember which cinnamony goodness I like the best if I didn't just get this out of the way.  So I did it.  All by myself I took my treasures home, cut each into a third, warmed them, and chowed down on my decadent breakfast.  Here are the results:The Cinnamon ROLL is your standard 8" in diameter cinnamon roll with a glazed topping.  It's good.  But, it's drier than the other two and a little denser.  The Butter Log is basically 9"x3"x1.5" log of donuty goodness that is slathered in the middle with butter and cinnamon.  I LOVED this.  But, it's super rich.  Not that I'm complaining, but wow... RICH.  My favorite ended up being the Cinnamon TWIST.  The reason it was my favorite was because it's still got the cinnamon goodness going on which is super important, but it's also light and fluffier than the ROLL.  It's sweet and yummy but I might get to keep a small wormhole through my arteries versus what might happen if I eat a whole Butter Log.  I also nabbed two donut holes for later and a cream cheese muffin to take to work for breakfast the next day - you now know why they say never shop when you're hungry.  The whole package set me back a whopping $7.  So, pretty affordable!Hopefully, this will help you decide which you want to get when you head to Peterson's, which you will.Oh, did I forget to mention, they also have every other standard donut you can think of, as well as croissants, muffins, etc.  You can even order a giant Texas donut that apparently acts like a cake.  Go figure.  YUM!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/3/2013,261,255,4,8,10>My future brother in law has been raving about Oink and Moo Burgers & BBQ for quite some time and after literally months of listening to him I finally got to try this place out myself!!  Well in all honesty, I did sort of try left over biscuits but I can't write a legitimate review on just that I needed to try more!As you step foot into Oink and Moo it's as if you are literally stepping foot into a barn with two red swinging doors and everything.  I love the decor with the cow print seats, picnic tables, and outdoor feel.  It definitely is very cute and has a lot of character you'd have to see for yourself.  I believe they even have a little private party area in the back as well so don't be fooled by the small dining area.The family was hungry so we ordered the family meal for 4 which I believe for $29 included brisket, pulled pork, baked beans, cole slaw, and biscuits.  Boy let me tell you does this feed a whole army of people the portions were big.  The brisket came with onions and mushrooms and I really enjoyed it.  Although I'd prefer it to be cut a tad bit thinner it was as if I was eating little mini steaks but nonetheless it was delicious.  The pulled pork is a burst of flavor that melts in your mouth.  My favorite were the biscuits!  They were so hot and fresh from the oven and so tasty that crispy ooey gooey-ness of the syrup drizzled on top.  I loved it!  Not to mention we also ordered the bacon wrapped fried mac and cheese balls.  It basically speaks for itself.  A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  Their blackberry lemonade was also very tasty.  From all that I mentioned...we were hungry that night FYI.The service was great.  Everyone was so friendly that it made our dining experience very pleasant.  I definitely will be recommending Oink and Moo to others and hopefully if I'm in the area I will drop again by to try other items on the menu.  Perhaps even try the challenge.  Just kidding I'd be defeated!  They do have a food challenge though for you daring YELPers out there!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,2/2/2013,408,486,4,4,5>I heard about Iron Mountain about a year ago and finally hiked it last weekend with a group of five people and five dogs. The six-mile-round-trip hike was perfect for all of us!I don't claim to be an athlete and some hikes in the past have definitely winded me. But this hike was entirely manageable. Even towards the top when the switchbacks and climbing over the rocks got a little tougher, I was able to keep up a conversation. That said, it definitely isn't a walk in the park either so be prepared to put out some effort.The trail is well-maintained. It had rained the day before and there were a few puddles but they were easily hopped over.The view is gorgeous! Be sure to stop and take pictures along the way. This is always my favorite part of hiking as it proves that I did it!As for the dogs, we had an oddball group including two great danes, an Italian mastiff, a pug and a boston terrier. While the pug, who is incredibly in-shape, got a little tired towards the top, she happily hopped and skipped her way back down the mountain with her doggy friends. This is a great hike for dogs and we saw lots of other dogs on the trail. The other hikers were friendly with the exception of one rude lady who felt the need to tell us how she didn't like dogs. Well, they probably don't like you either!Being from Washington, I'm used to hiking in evergreen forests so hiking the side of an exposed mountain is still new to me. I'd recommend hiking in the winter or on days 70 degrees or cooler. It was close to 70 on our hike and we worked up a sweat on the way up.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,2/1/2013,153,144,2,2,2>Connected to the Valero gas station/car wash.Come for the car wash.  Stay for the burrito.I was getting my car washed at the station, and while i was waiting I saw a line out the door at Mexican place.  Why not?  Even though it was a couple hours before dinner, how could i resist a carne asada burrito?Delicious!  And best yet, you have 20-30 minutes while your car is waiting to get cleaned, might as well kill two birds with one stone.Who woulda thought a good burrito would make me want to wash my car more?
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/31/2013,423,376,1,5,3>We were looking for a place for dinner on New Year's Day (a lot of restaurants were closed this day), and thanks to yelp we found this semi-hidden place in the Del Mar height plaza.   The decor was very interesting, and the food was also very good! most dishes here are actually sort of tapa-style (not small portion though, more like medium portion, meant to be shared),  except for a couple dishes like the Davanti burger.we ordered linguine with sea urchin and crab: YUMMY!!! my fav dish here!    roasted cauliflower: very good too!davanti burger:  very filling!  if you come here very hungry, this will be good to get!The waitress was very nice.  Definitely want to bring friends back here!!! i am so glad to find a good restaurant in Del Mar height!!!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,1/30/2013,1060,798,7,12,11>My friend George told me about this place, because we were discussing fried oysters.  Whenever his sister comes here from Ohio, she insist on eating here at least 3 times.So Jackie and I paid a visit on Friday night.  It was about 6.30 and the place was quite full but not packed.  What was packed was the oyster bar, where Rich the owner was shuckin' them a plate at a time.Our server came over immediately, she was very friendly, as was everyone in the place. We were seated in one of the booths along the corridor, and behind us in the back room was some funky live music, which we really enjoyed. They were playing 50s and 60s music.  The crowd was very mixed, lots of 20 somethings, so I was surprised at the older music, though maybe that's what Rich enjoyed as a teen.  I mentioned I had a friend with a band who sounded like Neil Young and she said, "Who's that?"We started with the everything plate.  All of it was deep fried:  calamari sticks, fried chicken, onion rings, sweet potato fries, mozzarella sticks. I am not a super fan of deep fried, but I enjoyed the calamari and fried chicken.  Jackie loved all of it and took what was left home for another time.Then we both had what we came there for:  the fried oysters.  Just the oysters alone would bring me back here.  Rich prepares them himself. The breading was a little thick but it wasn't greasy at all and had a good flavor and was very crisp.  I really enjoyed them and almost ordered another plate, but decided not to tempt fate.Also had the cole slaw which was delicious.This place defines the word "funky" but it's really fun and low key.  Make sure you have GPS or get a Google map because it is really hidden.  At night it's quite an abandoned area and at first seems a little creepy, until you round the corner and there are a million cars parked near the restaurant.PS:  Although we didn't order them, George says the cajun fries are kickin' !!!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,1/29/2013,204,414,4,6,4>On your MUST TRY list when visiting  ...Crispy flatbread: parmesan or sesame seed kind. Make sure you make this request as this is a special item.Ahi Tuna salad: wasabi dressing, sweet ginger, boiled edamame, huge chunks of tuna. Big enough to share, and so you should to make room for the ...Lobster Bisque: don't share. You really want the whole bowl to yourself. REALLY.After this, everything else is a bonus. The Boullabaise, Gumbo or Mussels in White Wine are great choices. Did I mention oysters? On the shell or Rockefeller, you can't go wrong. Decking half a star because the cooks leave the water running even while not cooking. Now that really bugs me. I sure hope Harrahs recycles water!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,1/28/2013,139,453,,5,2>Great little neighborhood market, I love being able to walk here. I'll admit it looks slightly sketchy from the outside, I really didn't know what to expect the first time we went. It's one of those places I'd been meaning to check out for weeks...we finally went in and were blown away at how organized and well stocked it is! It's small, but not overly crowded and the produce is always a great deal.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/27/2013,76,168,,3,2>Came here after surfing in Del Mar.  Lovely seating in the Patio, peeps brought their dogs too... (I'm sure that's only on the patio).  Anyway, great food.  We started with some olives and fried zucchini.  We then moved our way on to the Creasers salad and ended with two entrees.  I had the Luginica pasta, spicy tomato, clams, and sausage, prepared very well.  Person I was with had Braised steak, mashed potatoes, just lovely preparation.  I topped mine off with an Amber beer and the person I as with had Sangria.  You could do a lot worse in Del Mar; I strongly recommend checking them out...!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,1/26/2013,255,397,7,11,8>Yummy, spicy and tasty!  The new owners seem to have the same amazing food and excellent service! We ordered a lovely shrimp appetizer with a nice salad. it was spicy and the shrimp was delicious and large! (oxymoron alert)I ordered a cashew chicken dish level 8.  It was super spicy and tasty and had really nice vegetables and not just onions.The spouse ordered a noodle dish that was spicy and had many peppers.  I had a few bites and after seeing some hair growing on my chest I stuck to my entree.We could have done without the skreeching toddler, but that is not Spices fault.  I do wish parents would take the children out until they compose themselves for the benefit of the other diners.Love this place :)
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,1/25/2013,112,434,2,3,3>^ profile picture is of me devouring bc shrimp circa 2008. Yup, I'm a bc fan so I'm sure like a lot of people who have written reviews so far, seeing the San Diego location pop up (crab hut doesn't carry the same weight in the sauce that I like) was a big deal!THE WAITThe wait does not surprise me.  Even the boiling crab that's already been around for years and years has a long wait.  So we planned accordingly and half of us waited and gave the other half our time estimate. And when we were give a 45 minute wait, that was fine.  After 45 minutes when they told us 30 more minutes... it was still fine.  But after that 30 minutes passed, and we still weren't seated and it looked like ANOTHER 30 minutes to go, that was where I snapped and started to harass the poor kids at the host desk. This business practice (although I'm sure unintended), upsets me as a customer because they're taking advantage of our time.  We didn't mind a 2 hour wait, as long as we knew it was going to be 2 hours.   It irked me to hear name after name get called when they said we were next!  So yes, I did "ask to speak to the manager" (another young kid) about my concerns and I didn't expect much (Yelper anh l. you are spot on) .... ... But I am happy to say, despite all, the staff responded extremely well and eventually got us seated !  They weren't lackadaisical and although the staff was young and I expected them to lack "customer care" skills, they actually reacted and provided me updates on what their gameplan was.  So where I was about to just leave and give this place 1 star (sadly!), luckily I didn't have to.  Customer service seemed poor at first, but bc staff, you made the save.  Phew!  On to the food! THE FOODDungeness --- $14 / lb market price.  I ordered one and it was 2 lbs!  Really really meaty !  This is the "steak" of this place. Shrimp --- $9 / lb Jumbo !  I didn't have the problem with it not being cooked all the way and in fact, it absorbed so much flavor that I didn't have to "redip"Corn --- $.75 for a 1/3 of an ear, seemed over cooked at first, but had absorbed so much of the flavor that it was perfect. Beer --- $2, can you beat this beer price ?  I doubt it. Shebang sauce --- Just as good as it is in the OC. Advice to mgmt, stop running out of food (If you run out of fries, spend $$ to go to get frozen fries next door) and continue keeping your clientele happy.  I hate to see that boiling crab has 3 star average!!!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,4/6/2013,124,605,4,5,5>I would have never tried this place if it wasn't for me being a prize pig.  I run the Road Runner Carlsbad Adventure Runs every month, and after getting an on point recommendation from someone, we started going to the after parties where your odds of winning various running stuff is much higher.  The first one we went to was at Ignite, which we had never heard of, other than it was in the old Crazy Burro spot.  We rolled in, sat at the pizza oven bar, and ordered an awesomely discounted pie with sausage and mushrooms.  The pizza here is fired in a wood fired oven, leading to a perfectly charred crust, which they make on premises.  The quality of the artisan sausage was top notch as well.  For a fairly staid configuration on the pizza, the flavors popped and led to a memorable pizza, which is tough in such a pizza saturated market.  I'd even put Ignite's version up against Blue Ribbon's. So why the 4 stars?  I tried the burger on our last visit, and it's fine.  It's a perfectly adequate, tasty, high end burger.  But it's nothing special.  Places like Neighborhood, Craftsman American Tavern, and 3rd Corner blow it away.  It's not bad, but with the pizza being as good as it is here, why get the burger?Ignite seems to always be crowded, and the bar is pretty hopping.  I can see it being a big happy hour spot for all the Carlsbad business parks.  It also has a very spacious front patio with tons of tables and it's own bar.  On top of it all, I won a pair of calf sleeves from the Adventure Race dudes.  Prizes+pizza=happy David K.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/5/2013,362,77,2,5,4>I LOVE THIS PLACE. My family goes here a LOT. I mean, a lot, a lot.The chefs here are seasoned sushi veterans. The fish is fresh, the hot food is delicous, and the service is great. It's a hidden gem in the suburbs of San Diego. If you live in the area, this place is a must. Just go. Enjoy.My mom and I always get the Hamachi Kama. They don't always have it, but if they do, GET IT because it's soooo soft, flakey, and tasty. I also like the green mile sushi roll which has cilantro microgreens. YUM. From the kitchen, I really enjoy the Yakisoba noodles. Their mussels are delicious as well. And so are the sake soaked clams. MMMmmmMMmmHonestly I haven't had anything here I didn't like but the above are my favorites. You won't be fighting for parking (they're in a little strip mall) and you will be surprised at how delicious and high in quality this place's sushi/seafood is. You would expect this level of quality in La Jolla but will be pleasantly surprised to find it's right in your little neighborhood. :)
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/4/2013,11,82,5,5,5>I have been here *cough* a few times, and they never fail to please my taste buds. We typically only visit on special occasions such as birthdays, Saturdays, sunny days, holidays and evenings, because otherwise we'd be here everyday!The cupcakes are delicious! I've tried the Ho Daddy Chocolate, the Mustachio, The Mr. Beans Cup O Joe, the Black Beauty, the Black and white and the Grasshopper. I have not tried any of the bars, but my husband has and loves them. He uses them as rewards for his employees and they always put in requests for the Magic bars.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/3/2013,72,129,2,3,3>This is my favorite car wash that I have found so far, its small, family owned, and everyone here is nice. It's not overpriced, which I have found in the last few months a lot of car washes are. There is plenty of seating for people waiting, which is a HUGE plus. No super long wait either, some people note it as a negative that all the guys work together  on one car but I think it makes the cleaning process go a lot quicker. The tips in the mailbox thing is a cute idea. Now, most importantly, my car is actually clean when they finish! I'm very picky about my car. I feel like if I'm paying someone to wash it I shouldn't be able to do a better job myself. (As I've felt with a few other of the car washes I've been to...) I can't even say how many times I have rewashed my car after getting it back from places. I don't have to do that with this place.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/2/2013,518,290,,5,2>OMG. this is my new favorite burrito joint!!the prices don't get any better.. i get the surf & turf burrito for under $6!! is that even possible?!! why YES! YES it is! :)the burrito is huge and they ain't shiesty on the shrimp either. wow! can it get any better?! YES!!!! YES it can! lol. they have grilled onions on the side at the salsa bar! gahhhhh!!!!i fell in love that very moment! you won't be disappointed. trust me! i wanna try the surf & turf fries! you are next on my list. muhahahaha!!the only downside is they charge an extra $0.50 if you use card. so bring cash if you want to avoid that.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,4/1/2013,189,258,3,6,5>This place is DANGEROUS. I have a tendency to find something or someplace I love and become temporarily (or not so temporarily) obsessed. Oh, and Hooked on Sushi is literally 5 minutes from my house. Double danger.I only recently became a fan of sushi and have since been scouring North County Yelp for the best places to eat those raw little fishies in copious amounts. Like, 4 times a week would be good for me, but my husband won't allow it ;) "Think of the mercury levels!" Anyway...This joint is tucked into a strip mall between some other small businesses and behind my gym, Chuze (which, after all this sushi, I'm gonna have to visit...). I was having a craving and found it on Yelp and we decided to visit. Happy Hour on that day was 5-7pm so we showed up around 6pm. The only ding I would give is that I had to ask if it was HH, as he was writing us down for a full-priced order. I don't actually think we got a deal on sushi, but the large hot sake was 1/2 off.. bingo!We ordered 4 rolls; a spicy tuna roll, an avocado roll, a sno ball roll and the crouching tiger roll. The spicy tuna and avocado were house rolls and were only about $3.95 each. The sno ball and crouching tiger rolls were still pretty inexpensive. All the rolls we would order again except for the avocado roll which was just that - avocado. I guess I was expecting something extra. The service was great, the food came out fast and our bill was under $30 for a large hot sake and four rolls! And we were stuffed. Can't wait to come again and again and again...
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,3/31/2013,52,77,5,9,5>Being back in Oceanside and needing something to eat past 9pm my friends and I headed to The Yellow Deli. I've heard a lot about The Yellow Deli for many years, but not being around a whole lot has made it hard for me to try.On a Wednesday night around 9:30pm the restaurant was full. There was live music outside around the outside fire pit, which added to the already hippie vibe The Yellow Deli has.The inside of The Yellow Deli reminds me of a restaurant that should be at Disneyland. There was something very Splash Mountain-Bear Country about it, from the decor to the "uniforms" worn by the workers to the music playing in the background.Menu-wise this place has sandwiches, salads, and soups like you'd expect at a deli.Order up:- Morning Star Rancher ($7.75)- Hebrew National Dog ($4.75)- Huge Bowl of Prairie Chili ($7.25)- Peach Mate ($2.25)Erin and I decided to split the Morning Star Rancher (turkey, hot pepper jack cheese, avocado, onions, sprouts, ranch dressing, on a whole wheat roll) and a "huge bowl" of Prairie Chili. We enjoyed both the sandwich and the chili. The combination of everything in the Morning Star Rancher was really good. We particularly liked the addition of the sprouts to the sandwich. The chili was also really good and VERY hearty.Maeghan got her usual Hebrew National Dog, which she was happy with. All of the sandwiches come with chips, which is nice.Drink-wise I went with the Peach Mate. I thought it was pretty tasty, although a bit on the sweet side for my taste.The service here is a little...slow. I mean, I feel like the laid-back style of the service staff goes with the overall atmosphere of the restaurant, but it took a long LONG time for us to get any food. Don't get me wrong, everyone that works at The Yellow Deli is very pleasant and nice, but pleasant and nice does not good service make.Nonetheless, The Yellow Deli most definitely has a certain charm that I would go back for. Is it for everyone? No. But if you enjoy a fun, relaxed, and unique atmosphere, The Yellow Deli is a great place to try out.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,3/30/2013,105,73,8,6,5>OOOOOOHHHHH do you feel that tug in between your legs? No that's not some hot girl giving you a hoochie handshake, that's the secret powers of a Nessy Burger at work making you manlier in the nether region. When you actually wrap your hands around this beastly burger, you'll probably feel like you need to do some more finger curls in the gym because this patty is huuuuuuuuuge. When I looked down it was like my hands went from my usual sexy, hairy, Hulk hands, to more like Robin Williams hands, short and hairy, and let's face it the ladies aren't exactly dropping their britches for the guy who starred in Bicentennial Man (Yeah that's right, it's like Robin Williams just disappointed you all over again simply because I brought up that nightmare of a movie).Don't be one of those people who disects a burger like it's your highschool Biology class. Simply tell them to drag that burger through the garden, shove that sucker right in your mouth, and enjoy the flies from the nearby trash cans try and make a nest in your brain.That is all.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,3/29/2013,68,61,5,6,4>Legoland! Legoland! Legoland!::the cheering crowd breaks out into a roar:: LEGOLAAAANNNDD!!!So: I'm a fan.Side note: I assume if you're wanting to come here, it's because you have a child in your life (or you're a child at heart ;-) Legoland is GREAT!! There is so much to do! -rides-cars-shows-play in the snow (the day after Thanksgiving until the 2nd of Jan I believe?)-AWESOME gift shops with every kind of Lego you can imagine-Cool places to explore, see how they make Legos, find hidden treasures-Very helpful and accommodating staff-Yummy food (although, it's rather pricey. About $10 for a burger and fries)-A ton of mini-towns made out of Legos (even a few Star Wars cities ;-)***If you plan on coming to Legoland with a kid who is under 48", make sure that you have an adult to ride with them!!!! They are very strict with the height rule, so if you have a lot of little munchkins, MAKE SURE you bring a lot of tall people as well! AND Don't quote me on this, but i believe if you take your ticket to the ticket counter anytime between now and the end of the year, you can get a free ticket to come back some time in 2012. Again-Check their website to confirm.Have fun!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/27/2013,159,438,3,6,4>This is a little special piece of Oceanside that I adore! To be honest I am not into surfing at all but I do have respect for the sport.  After seeing an episode on The American Pickers I wanted to come here even more! They donated a surf board and I want to see it in person! Admission is $3 military/student $5 Regular Free on Tuesdays! I went on a Tuesday and the customer service was off the charts! She greeted with kindness and shared some insight about the museum.  As I walked around you could feel the history and story that was behind every board.  There are some really special boards in here (I wont spoil it for you) You just have to come see for yourself! They even had skateboards, Roller Skates, and other unique pieces.  The bathroom is even decked out with memorabilia and photos! The best part was I did get to see that board from the show and got the story behind it :) Don't forget to stop in the gift shop! I purchased two items myself and there is a small donation box if you want to donate any change or bills! So if you don't know now you know you have to stop in here! It is one of the best things about Oceanside that makes it a great place to visit or live in!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,6/30/2014,72,162,3,5,5>This place was great. Very close to the house, great beers that were brewed there and delicious pizzas. If you go with a group of people I highly recommend splitting a pizza. For 3 people we split a meat lovers pizza and still had about 4 slices when done. If you want a beer recommendation I enjoyed the Double Double IPA. The parking outside can be tricky but if you get there early enough you wont have any problems. Overall I will definitely be going here again.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,6/29/2014,255,647,2,7,7>Intertwined is a super cute little place right in the middle on the "nice" part of Escondido.  You can sit inside or out front and people watch.  The service was good, very nice, helpful and fast.  They have a good beer selection in addition to their wines.  You can get wine flights for a very reasonable price.  We had an order of stuffed dates and they were very tasty.  We also had the Thai Chicken Flatbread Pizza and it was great.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and the peanut sauce tasted perfect.  The pizza was very large, more than enough for two people.  Good experience overall, I will be checking them out again for dinner sometime.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/28/2014,144,615,6,8,7>It was Sunday morning and I was in a 9:30am cycling class at the gym.  That bike might have been stationary but in my mind I was racing down Palomar Airport Road all the way to Blaze Pizza to enjoy a warm, crispy pizza pie.  As a Carlsbad resident I never, ever, go to the Carlsbad Premium Outlet Center on the weekends but by arriving about 11am on a Sunday, parking was plentiful and the crowds were sparse.  Plus, no one was around to admire my sweaty Sunday morning glow. I walked into Blaze and was enthusiastically greeted.  The place was empty except lots of staff - just how I like it.  I walked to the counter and ordered my pizza.  I ordered the "Red Vine" pizza (ovalini mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, parmesan, basil, red sauce, olive oil drizzle) because after a 60 minute spinning class I certainly didn't have the energy to figure out what "make my own" ingredients I wanted.  The pizza really hit the spot but I should have had some chicken added to it.  The Red Vine pizza is basically a margherita with the addition of canned parmesan cheese, which really doesn't add anything to it.  As another reviewer noted, their Signature Pizzas are basic, but not necessarily in a good way. Nevertheless, I enjoyed my thin crust pizza and diet Coke and even got a Smore Pie to go.The staff was very friendly and attentive.  Even though you order at the counter, I appreciate that the staff does walk around to make sure everyone is enjoying their food.  The restaurant has a modern vibe with splashes of retro orange that reminds me a lot of the Brady Bunch's orange kitchen counters.  Since the floors are concrete and there are not any soft surfaces to absorb sound, I totally understand why other reviewers said it was loud in there.  But, since I avoid the outlets during busy peaks like the plague, the noise will never be an issue for me.While I was enjoying my lunch the staff was sweeping up crumbs, dirt and dust from the floors.  It was a little gross to be overlooking dirt piles while eating but I'll get over it.  I guess all fast food chains clean while customers are dining.  Overall, a good experience and I look forward to making my own pizza concoction next time.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,6/27/2014,11,92,4,12,11>I've been taking my shiba here for grooming (he's been blowing coat pretty much all year because of how weird the weather has been in San Diego.).  The groomers here do a great job!  His fur comes back so soft (when I get him home, I can't stop petting him.  I'll follow him around just to pet him because his fur is so velvety.  He eventually gets annoyed and huffs at me, then walks away.)  I took him to my vet last month for his annual dental work, and this is the FIRST year he has not had to go under anesthesia for the deep cleaning.  The vet said he didn't need to go under anesthesia, just a little sedative to let them do some scaling, but they didn't have to do a deep cleaning.  The only thing that changed in my grooming routine with my shiba is I switched him to K9 Dog Park grooming rather than going to the big chain pet stores.  Who would've thought that switching to a small mom and pops store would make such a huge difference!  (I think it's because the groomers can actually spend more time with each pup rather than rushing from one dog to another.)  Oh, and the prices for grooming here is much cheaper than going to the big chain store groomers (especially if you sign up for reoccurring appointments, you get an additional discount).  My shiba will continue to come here for his luxury spa appointments until I move out of the greater SD area.  Oh, did I mention, my pup gets excited going to the groomers?  That's what a great experience my pup and I had here!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/26/2014,778,1343,5,10,8>I am right now at the Grand Opening and all I can say about my favorite chain of Mediterranean food is WOW. This is a great party, offering generous portions of samples containing chicken, hummus with carrot and Israeli couscous salad. All in a very festive and familiar atmosphere with DJ, games, gallons and surprises. Very cool. The restaurant is full but I am also full with the fantastic samples, so will come back next week during lunch break. So happy that this is now my closest Luna Grill!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/25/2014,268,99,3,7,6>This is by far one of my favorite places to go for ice cream and a walk through memory lane. When you walk into this store, it's like being transported to a candy wonderland. All sorts of imported chocolates and candies and little toys to drive kids of all ages wild. They even sell glass marbles and we just freaked because when last have you seen a kid play with marbles?!?!?!?!Situated at the back of the store is a little ice cream parlor. They sell Thrifty's ice cream and it was delicious. We shared a banana split and even then it was way too big for two people. But we took one for the team, loosened our belts, and finished off that banana split:) The service is amazing. The staff are so helpful and enthusiastic. They went above and beyond to make our first Swirlz experience an unforgettable one!!! Oh, thank you Yelp for 15% off our purchases:)
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,6/24/2014,189,258,5,9,7>Yeaaaaaah! I have gone to the Carlsbad Village location for years and it's always a fight for a seat, fight to order food and a fight for a spot at the bar. Not here! Not yet anyway...I came for a girlfriend's birthday this past weekend. The new location is HUGE; not so much the dining area but the warehouse attached where they brew. There's a comfortable outdoor patio with a fire pit and cushioned chairs. Pizza Port Bressi Ranch is a great spot for adults and families alike. The only thing I'd change is the lighting - I feel like I'm inside a Costco. Awful fluorescent lighting does nothing for me or anyone else.Food's good and not too expensive, beer is tasty and service is efficient. Can't wait to go back and give it another go.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,6/23/2014,156,135,5,11,10>I LOVE RICO'S!  My sister and I are obsessed with their veggie burrito!  It comes with rice, refried beans, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions!  Only thing it's missing is guacamole so be sure to add that to your order!  The ingredients are fresh, the burritos are big, and the service is always friendly with a smile!  If you're a burrito addict, this is your place!  The salsa is a little non-traditional...tastes a little on the sweeter side (ketchupy) that I wasn't a huge fan of at first...but it's definitely grown on me over the years!  Great place to call in an order on your way home.  Gracias Rico!+1 Best veggie burrito in town (rice, beans, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions)+1 Fresh ingredients+1 Super friendly service +1 Reasonably priced+1 Consistently is great!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/22/2014,98,204,6,9,5>Note: The name of this place needs to be corrected to Pam's Donuts & Yogurt!It's relatively adjacent to the Petco, which my pup and I frequent; on a whim, I went into the establishment and enjoyed a cup of mint and vanilla with walnuts, pecans, almonds, carob chips, and a couple pieces of cookie dough.  The place was extremely quiet with lots of tables/booths.  Additionally, the place was clean (including the dispensers/toppings).  For $0.37/oz, I wouldn't mind coming here on another weekday in the late morning/early afternoon to study!The owners were extremely low-key, and didn't hover/helicopter as I was looking at their goods.  Though I'm not much of a donut person, they did seem to have a solid selection despite it being late in the morning.  The only downside is there's no patio (so I'd have to leave Watson in the car, or come here sans pup... and I don't like doing stuff without him)... throw a couple of chairs and mini cocktail tables outside, and we'd be visiting every day!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,6/21/2014,222,207,7,9,6>another hidden gem in Escondido. the food is pretty tasty at a fair price, the servers are all great and helpful, and it's the local Chargers bar/restaurant in town.unfortunately, you can only enjoy their free chips and salsa while you're waiting for your order to come out, you can't get that with a 'to go' order (which sometimes sucks when i order food on my lunch break there and don't have time to eat it there).but at least Anejo is a good spot to enjoy a few drinks with people after work. they've got good happy hour specials as well as drink specials. their ceviche, rolled tacos, burritos, and dinner plates are all tasty. i love that their salsa is super spicy! some people don't like it too spicy but i do.Charger fans rejoice as this is the spot to come and watch games, especially if it's a Sunday/Monday/Thurs night game! the whole place's speakers will blast the audio as you watch the game on the big projector by the front, as well as it's being broadcasted on all the flatscreen TVs throughout the restaurant! you can see a bunch of current and former Chargers players photos adorned along the bathroom hallway wall, signed jerseys and canvas paintings hanging by the bar area, etc. the parking can get a little scarce if you get there during a high-traffic time. there's a few other businesses in this same shopping center, so it could force you to make a couple rounds or park a little further away towards the Vons or Brigantine further down, but the atmosphere, food quality, and drinks specials will make it worth it. -salud!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,12/4/2012,147,224,3,4,4>This was definitely a much more difficult climb than I had anticipated. I hiked it this morning with some friends. We started around 930-10AM. But sitting at my computer in one piece, I definitely have a sense of accomplishment! :) I'm glad I made it all the way up even though there were times I reconsidered. It's about 7 miles round trip. Going down was definitely a lot faster and easier. Going up was a long and hard struggle. ALL UPHILL. No exaggerating. It just keeps going and going. Even when you think it's about to stop, nope! For the most part, it's not very shaded so definitely rest if needed when you do come to a shaded part.Couple of tips: 1)BRING LOTS AND LOTS OF WATER! 2) Bring lots of sunscreen3) Bring some snacks4)Watch out for rattlers! We actually saw one on the side of the trail. So be careful!5) If you're going to bring dogs, please please bring EXTRA water for them. We had 2 dogs with us and they were struggling. Their owners stayed back with them and didn't make it to the top. :( She actually ended up having to carry one of them back down the trail. But they made it! :)6) BRING LOTS OF WATER. :)Overall, it took about 4.5 hours. We stopped a lot though. The chip is pretty cool. Smaller than most would probably think but still worth it. Plus the views are amazing. But definitely a sense of accomplishment :)PS. we saw 2 girls walking sheep. SHEEP! Weird but cute. hahaPSS. There's sometimes a park fee for parking. I think it was $5.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,12/3/2012,1299,698,5,6,6>If I can make a reservation at noon for dinner at 7pm that same day (a busy Friday night) to be seated on the patio (2nd choice) with a first choice of dining inside and the manager calls me later back to seat me inside, then I am a fan.If I can hang out freely in the bar, have some drinks, talk to the bartends (Ann Marie is awesome) and nibble on the bread with balsamic and vinegar side, then I am a fan.If my girl orders a drink that she had a bartend once made for her and no other bartend has been able to replicate (Ann Marie did it), then I am a fan.One small concern was a galpal's order of grouper (fish special, I believe) wasn't cooked through since it seemed to be seared instead.  Not a problem since seared ahi is eaten daily by many, but just makes you wonder whether grouper should be cooked the same.Overall, the food was delicious and the staff was friendly!  I did sadly learn that I prefer osso bucco (hole in the bone) made from  veal shank so I can get to the marrow than osso bucco made from pork, where there the bone is not sliced through to get any marrow.  The risotto base and the tomato-red sauce over the osso bucco was excellent.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/2/2012,421,351,4,9,8>Say what !!! Another brewery in walking distance from my office !!! this could be bad : )Wow what a vast selection and growing..Something for every type of beer drinker and even non beer drinkers since they brew there very own Root Beer. I have been here a few times and they only been open several weeks. I must say I like all of the IPA's they brew the #10 is the Best. They have foofy fruit beer and browns, stouts, ales, reds, whits, heffs, lagers, porters and IPA'S ,,,I like most of them and they have some special ones coming on the line soon. Max the brew Master is very knowledgeable about the beers and has a great sense of how the business should be run. He has some great stories about how this place came to be.The over all vibe of this place is laid back and chill, very inviting. Tasters are cheep like 2 bucks and a glass for 5..should be $4.00 bucks with all the competition in the area , just sayin.They currently have 21 craft beers on the line. I will be back to try more soon, heck maybe even today : ) and so should you
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,12/1/2012,246,282,4,8,5>Yeah Ignite Carlsbad,Come On Baby Light My Fire!!!Came here a couple of times now and can't wait to come back again. Great food, Great Drinks, and Great People!I really like the fact that they have a streamlined, all day/night,  menu with most excellent deals on wine and cocktails.There's plenty of parking and when you walk in you'll see the outdoor bar, big screen TV, and outside dining tables warmed by a fireplace and lanterns. Walk up to the host booth and choose where you want to sit. Inside there's another bar and several levels of dining areas. The window tables have a great view of the La Costa valley and, also, well,  the Section 8 housing developments next door.Drinks are reasonably priced with beer and wines by the glass hovering in the $4-7 range and premium cocktails around $10-11. I totally dug their "Dirty Blue" Martini with my favorite grey goose vodka, olive juice, blue cheese stuffed olives, YUM!Even though their menu is tight, there's a brilliant selection of choices-The Mussels+Fries were awwwwwsome. Fresh, mouth watering, and the fries were piping hot!The Dip Trio was varied and had enough for 2-3 people to share as a starter.Cheese Board, group hug, friends with cheese are friends indeed!The main menu leaves many choices. You can do their yummy Ignite Burger for $12 or opt for the higher touch entrees. The Roasted 1/2 Free Range Chicken for $18 was succulent! Alaskan Halibut cooked brilliantly but the portion was a little small for a $25 entree.As another reviewer said, the S'Mores for dessert are THE BOMB! I'm still adding another mile to my runs to work off the sheer deliciousness of the chocolate, cream, and warm gooey brownie.Most of all, Ignite Carlsbad wins my...Da.Da.Da.Daaa... Yelp Award for The Best Damn Burger in San Diego North County. But, wait, it's not on their regular menu...! Psst, try their Brunch menu and look for their "Hangover Burger"! OMFG, it's sooooooo bloody good...Burger with American Cheese, Hash Browns, Bacon, and an Over Easy Egg! If you wanna be really evil, order it with Asparagus Fries and Hollandaise sauce!You also gotta try their Machaca Breakfast Burrito with shaved prime rib.Service on all our visits was awesome. They have a really fun, young staff here who really seem to love this place and totally know the menu!The only things I would suggest are:-Let people know that there will be live music playing in the indoor dining room on weekends and give them the option to dine outside just in case. Our "quiet" business meeting dinner was bombed out by a Daughtry wannabe and we had to move tables during the meal. -Have a chef/sous chef inspect the plates before going out to make sure it's in line with the menu. During brunch our wings came out without being properly loaded with blue cheese and bacon, one dish was missing scrambled eggs, and BOTH our entrees were missing fruit.All minor things that won't break the bank and will definitely keep us coming back for more to explore the nummy menu of this North County Bistro because... "There are things known and things unknown and in between are the doors."~Jim Morrison
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,11/30/2012,168,204,3,4,5>The fact that Encinitas Pizza Company doesn't have a lunchtime line out the door perplexes me. With 10-15 meaty Italian sandwiches to choose from, I think this place is easily the best option on the Encinitas 101 for a quick, hearty mid-day bite. We ordered the meatball sandwich and a hoagie-- and both served up substantial meat in perfect flakey-outside, soft-inside, fresh Italian bread. We sat outside, watching person after person walk into the Subway across the street and wondering if they had even the slightest idea that a vastly better alternative was just 10 steps away. Poor things. With all these fancy-schmancy places popping up on the 101, it's refreshing to try out a new (ish) option that's holding on to the down-to-earth Encinitas vibe. We're excited to come back and try their pies, but concerned that with the lack of lunchtime business, Encinitas Pizza Company won't be there for long. Hopefully our fellow Leucadians can get it together and come try this place! If the pizza and pasta are anything like the sandwiches, they won't disappoint.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,11/29/2012,163,290,4,5,3>We have been taking our rescue dog there since we got him a year ago and have never had a bad experience. The office is very clean and the staff friendly and knowledgeable.My rescue dog recently was attacked, and had a severe wound to the shoulder and leg. It was after hours so we had to take him to VCA. They did a mediocre job and a few days later, decaying tissue was coming out of the wound site they said they cleaned! Took him to Dr. Gee who immediately cleaned and restitched their botched job, and saved his life.Will never take my dog anywhere else! Buckley LOVES Dr. Gee!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,11/28/2012,127,103,6,7,4>With a huge menu and too hungry to search the entire menu board, I do the first thing anybody with an appetite for anything would do: Ask the employee. I ended up getting the Pit Stop Burger, Fries and a Drink for the price of $7.11.The burger was amazing btw. Two things that immediately make a bomb @$$ burger: Avocado & BACON!! That is, if you aren't allergic! d:DAbout the Fries -- I wish they were endless. The Drink -- I did a mixture between Strawberry Fanta and Lemonade. Here's a tip 1/16 Fanta, the rest Lemonade. It's the good stuff. You get a little fizz to go with that lemon.Now after finishing my meal, I couldn't just stop with my $7.11 meal. I had to add an extra 2-3 something and get a Strawberry Sundae on a Sunday. Three mouth-(freezing) scoops of deliciousness topped with cherries. What more could you ask for?Customer service was great. If it was a hotel, I enjoyed my stay. Coming back!d:)
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,11/27/2012,226,131,1,3,1>My first visit here I was actually convinced to go by my husband. Never having done yoga in my life, I thought okay sure, I will try it. Little did he tell me that the class was a intro to hot yoga C 1.5. Boy did I get the last laugh! I was akward and felt like dying by the end of the class. And I almost didn't want to come back, at that point.But I came back and I did the beginners C1 candlelight class, still a warm room, but not as hot as C 1.5 in my opinion. Matt was the instructor and his teaching style for a beginner like myself really influenced me to want to try coming to the class once a week. Matt has a gentle tone in his voice that is encouraging and he provides modifications for harder poses. Also, there are all types of people that are in this class, a mix of young and old, different body shapes and sizes, which make it less intimidating for newbies. They offer a free week for new people, and if your uninterested in the monthly membership or packages the drop in rate for students is $13, and you can rent a mat if needed for $2. Although a small location, they offer various times and classes, and the studio is clean and staff are friendly. The music they play in the class is cool too :-)Tip: drink lots of water before your session, really it sounds like common sense, but it's a must.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/26/2012,54,93,,6,2>We've been here twice so far. The food was great during both visits. We have tried various pizzas from the menu and have not been disappointed with any of them. Of particular interest: We ordered a small pepperoni pizza for the kids to share and my daughter didn't want pepperoni - just cheese. We asked if they could not put pepperoni on one half (half pepperoni / half cheese) and our server told us they do not do that for small pizzas (only the large pizzas). We found it very odd that they would not leave pepperoni off one half of their small pepperoni pizza - we were not asking for anything extra to be added. I could understand if we were asking for a certain topping on one half and a different topping on the other half. So remember, no custom orders on the small pizzas - only the large. In this case, size matters.  I wish I could write something positive about their service. During our first visit, they were really busy and a lot of people were hanging out at the front door / counter area. There seemed to be no rhyme nor reason how they tracked who was waiting to eat in and who was waiting to order for take out and pick-up. Apparently they have a 'waiting list' to sign to wait for a table but nobody told us that tidbit of information - so we stood around at the counter for several minutes watching the staff run around like headless chickens. My wife finally asked an employee clearing a table if we seat ourselves or wait to be seated. The employee told her, "Sorry, I'm just a cashier."  - so she had to ask someone else for help. Very interesting that the employees aren't cross-trained to help throughout the whole restaurant.During our second visit, it was definitely slower than the first visit (only half the tables were full). We were able to walk in and get seated right away. However, it took nearly 5 minutes before a server stopped by to take our drink order. Then several minutes later to come back with the drinks and take our order. When our food arrived, as expected, it was outstanding. However, our server never returned to ask how everything turned out and we had to flag him down to get refills on all of the drinks.Tip: Ensure you review your entire check before paying. Our server originally charged us $6 each for soda/ iced tea. The correct price is $2 each. For a family of five - you can imagine the amount of the overage.I rounded up to four stars and would easily give this place five stars if the quality of service improves. I would love to see them expand and find a location with a larger dining area. We will definitely come back for the awesome food.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,11/25/2012,833,1178,4,3,3>Truth be told. I like wine more than I let off and mostly is dependent on the company. I used to have a good selection of wine's racked up in my house, but I depleted most of it in 2010, my red phase. Historically I liked white's and they never stayed on shelf, while my red's grew and as soon as I found a few good red's I wiped my entire rack clean because I got the bug. This was my go to place for the more causal wine/dine of the out of town crowd, but mostly for the wine part because a patio and alcohol will always have a place in my life and this place has both. They have a great HH, but the thing that has happened over time is it's become everyone's HH spot and I no longer dig the overcrowded. I love to drink and I love to party and I usually just enjoy the wine, food, location, view while I'm here, but somenights, correction ,most night it turns into a feeding ground for drunk cougars. Not my scene after 6 basically. I've actually only gotten drunk here once, and that was on purpose because we had a limo for the night. Don't spend too much time finding a wine, I've never had a bad one here, but this happened to me, while I was perusing our perfectly eyed table was snagged. You can get a bit lost in the selection. No need to be a sommelier here, plenty of people will culture you in the ways and by that I also mean it's not a private intimate place, fail not your night will be interrupted by a drunk woman and I'll let you interpret that part. They have an Ultimate wine club which is great if you tend to entertain a lot, but for me I usually just do my own exploration and plus you have to pick them up and they don't deliver as part of the club.Ok so the food is pretty basic, good ingredients, well blended flavors, and nothing fancy. You wouldn't want to take away from the wine now would you? It's not called food steals. I personally like the white pizza, margherita and the pinot grigio. I find them light and more appetizer sized, they aren't filling since they are thin and I have an appetite. Salami and cheese or the everything board to me is the way to go, and yes I can eat a whole tray. The arugula salad has this great lemon dill vinaigrette which goes excellent with the optional spicy shrimp. I used to come here every other month or so, but now it's turned to once twice a year. It's a great spot to check out, but I'm sure you'll come to my conclusion that the crowd has made it less about the wine and more what the wine leads to and not everything gets better with age.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,5/6/2012,269,264,4,5,4>SA WAT DEE CAP!We've eaten here a few times and the food has not came down in quality at all! Easily one of the better Thai places in San Diego. Their Rad Na and Pat See Ew are amazing! They use Chinese broccoli and let me tell you that they really do a great job with two of the more common dishes out there. Must try for sure! I'm sure that a lot of the dishes that we haven't tried yet are also just as amazing for sure!A knock about their crab fried rice is that it changed from the first time we got it and when we got it today. My mom always likes to say that it may have been a change in the cook. It always makes me laugh! Either way, it was still good, but not as great as the first time. My mom did go with us today since she was in town from Temecula and she usually is a huge critic of Thai food, but she thought this place was really good! If it impresses a 74 year old Thai woman, then I'm sure it'll impress you!Another small knock was that it was SO BUSY today and their customer service was kinda lacking. We were passed over quite a few times looking like we needed our check and it took them a long time to get to us. When they dropped it off at the table they just left it on the table without even looking at us or asking us if there was anything else we needed. I'll let this slide on this review because it was literally lunchtime and it was as chaotic as I've ever seen a Thai restaurant during rush hour. I'd definitely give this place a 2 star for customer service this last time, but a 4.5 stars for food. Take that for what it's worth!As far as the Mira Mesa area, this place competes with the best of them. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and the seating is very nice. I think we'll try to come here when it's less busy, that's for sure!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,5/5/2012,783,978,3,7,3>two trips this weekend...about a month ago I made Brunch reservations for Saturday 9/22.Apparently they have cancelled brunch on Saturday's....(however the menu i was given still stated saturday & sunday brunch)....oh well.  We were here so we ordered lunch instead (it was 12:30).  After ordering, i used my opentable app to make brunch reservations for the next day.Our server Tiana was wonderful! She made some wonderful recommendations on food and drinks.  Everything about our lunch was perfect (except the cold air blowing in from the windows...even that Tiana moved us to a warmer area of the restaurant).  It truly was a wonderful lunch.  here is what we ordered...2 adults and 2 kids all shared plates1) edamame- saltyedamame...kids favorite...yum (i need to come here without the kids so i can order the spicy edamame)2) no shishito "schoos" ponzu & sea saltthese were peppers...and as Tiana described...most are not spicy but every 8th one or so you get a bit of heat.  she was correct...these are a hidden gem on the menu...(if you like peppers)3) chicken satay with a cilantro peanut saucethree skewers..each kid had one and hubby and i shared the 3rd...perfectly cooked...i think the best peanut sauce ever!4) 7 spice shrimp "poorboy" slaw and spicy mayoyum...my favorite...perfect proportion of bread to inside...the breaded shrimp were juicy and flavorful...the bread was soft...and the slaw added the pefect coolness to the sandwich.  prepare to get messy! ask for extra napkins before you start this.  it was served with a salad (delish) and for $3 extra sweet potato fries (yum!)5) ribeye sandwich with bleu cheese, balsamic teriyaki & carmelized onionalso served with salad...and $3 SP fries.absolutely amazing! this was hubby's favorite.  the meat was tender...no trace of fat or anything other than tender delicious meat.  every so often you get a chunky of bleu cheese (perfect amount)...5 stars for food and 5 stars for service!!!!returned the next day for brunch (they teased us with the Bennie's on the menu yesterday)we chose to sit outside under a heat lamp...it was warm enough for all of us except my daughter...our server was LAME! - Avery (like the labels)i'll get back to that later...1st the good stufffood. we ordered 4 items to share (and still had left over)1) cashew sticky bun with cream cheese glaze     the middle was yummy...but the outside and especially bottom was hard, crusty and burnt...i should have said something....but the server NEVER came by to see how we were doing...not even once2) spinach, goat cheese & mushroom     the kids shared this...the loved it! i nibbled a bite...it was yummy3) pulled pork, sesame spinach & balsamic benny's sadic miso hollandaise and ginger potato hash     WINNER of the morning.  just try it! the base of the benny wasn't even a crusty english muffin...it appeared to be housemade...it was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside...the pork was delish...i could have eaten a plate of the pork alone 4) sunday bloody sunday: 7 spice shrimp, bacon dashi grits & poached egg benny's sadic miso hollandaise and ginger potato hash    very good...and happy to say that the 7 spice shrimp was NOT the same as it was in the po boy i had yesterday.  it was prepared appropriately to be served with grits.  not breaded.  I must say though.  I love heat in my dish...but this was slightly too much.  I really couldn't appreciate any of the flavors in the dish because it was overwhelmed with heat.ok ...on to Avery.  I saw her when she (1) took our order and (2) brought us our check...(3) as she walked by (and kept on walking) as she glanced at us and ignored the empty plates on the table...i had to ask other servers to take the empties from our table and to bring us a box for our extra food.  the guy in the ponytail (not sure if he was a server or what) was so out of his way nice! whoever  he is...give him props.the water boy was on it bringing us fresh bottles of delicious water (like they always are) ordering...i ordered all the entree's for the table..my husband was still looking at his menu she picked up the kids menu's that were sitting on the table, i handed her mine and she snatched my husband's our of his hands (it was obvious he was still looking at it!) i didn't even have the chance to say anything (and my husband was dumbfounded at what she did! the look on his face was hilarious!).  she then asked if we were ordering drinks.  I stated that we didn't have a chance to look at the drink menu and we would let her know when we decided.  then she snatched up the drink menu! shocked...i said .."i still need that...how can i decide on a drink without the menu?" no answer from her, she just walked away in a hurry. we decided on a bloody mary each...she never came back to take our order...we had to flag her down.  summary 4 1/2 stars (knocked down b/c of Avery and the burnt sticky bun) since i can't do that...i guess i'll round up to 5
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,5/4/2012,246,282,6,10,12>"Out of water, I am nothing..."- Duke KahanamokuDuke's quote also explains why, at any given time,  there are so many people in the awesome line-up at Pipes Beach.Whether you surf, run, bike, or just want a chillaxin stroll or picnic along the sand, this place ROCKS and was one of the first places I began surfing regularly since moving to N. County from UTC almost a decade ago.Before moving, I asked a few of my bros where to surf up there and they were all like, "Pipes, Pipes, Pipes..." and I was all like "Bong?" j/kThe bluff above the beach sports a paved trail along Hwy 101 where you can run or walk from Encinitas to Cardiff and back. There's also a bike lane too!One funny thing about weekend warrior surfers is that many don't want to walk very far to catch a wave. With Pipes all you have to do is park on the spaces to the west side of 101 or along the dirt road to the east of it (make sure you don't block the white lines marking the bike lanes and BE CAREFUL opening you car doors!!!). The beach is about a  hundred feet down the steep paved main entry path or you can access it via the wooden steps leading from the San Elijo campgrounds.If you like a reef break, head south along the beach towards Cardiff while north you'll find solid beach and combo breaks.There's tons of fun-in-the-sun stuff to do on the beach but be careful about leaving your unattended picnic baskets out, otherwise the squirrels and seagulls will go to town! I once had a squirrel chew through my entire backpack looking for the bag of peanuts I left inside! The only restrooms to be had are also on top of the hill and they keep the showers very well maintained. When the surf cooks the line-up here gets packed but you can almost always find a pocket somewhere to catch a wave. Just don't turn all aggro on your fellow surfers since no one owns the ocean, okay?Just think about what Duke would do!!!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2011,5/3/2012,84,447,6,13,7>== THE CATCH ==Eating at the Brigantine is a great experience, but you can save money and time with the right tips. I was in, out within 30 minutes and full for under $17 with two people. If you are in the area, in the mood for seafood and short on time, I am here to help. Think of it as a legitimate, legal, moral, short con.== THE  KICKBACK AND SEND ==This particular trip was a double whammy for Taco Tuesday (all day) and Happy Hour (4-6pm). If you can manage, take advantage of multiple specials. If you play your cards right, arrive with cash, making the trip even more swift.== THE STING ==Park across the street to save on the $3 valet, that will no doubt be used for your bar tip. You can find a great spot just North-East of the restaurant on or before the bridge (either side of the road).Sit in the inside bar or outside deck. You'll get personal and fast service at the bar from the bartender with almost no wait for anything since tacos are being created an arms-length away. If you sit in the back, you'll wait quite sometime for your food but will not mind due to the great view of the beach and Del Mar Racetrack.Arrive on for the Taco Tuesday special and take an extra $1-3 off of your favorite tacos, whether you sit in the bar or not. This lasts all day. I've tried all of the tacos, but the classic fish are best as you usually get two deep fried fillets per taco in addition to other toppings. Think about it this way, with two people and five tacos you can save between $5-15 dollars depending on your selections.- Fish Taco ($2.50)- House Made Pozole ($2.75)- Spicy Chicken Taco ($3.25)- Skillet Blackened Mahi Mahi Taco, or Shrimp Taco ($3.50)Arrive for Happy Hour (HH) pricing and order discounted drinks and appetizers with your delicious tacos. HH deals will score you some great discounts on ten items They have won best HH in SD a few times.- Fish Tacos ($2.75)- Ceviche, or Clam Chowder Bowl ($4)- Artichoke Fritters, or Bacon & Cheddar Potato Skins ($5)- Calamari Strips, Buffalo Wings, or Fried Clams ($6)- Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail ($8)- 1/2 Dozen Oysters on the Half Shell ($9)As you can see from above, there is much to be had at a low price, just for food. Many discounts on drinks as well, but they'll inflate the tab and I am talking about saving cash. Sorry.== THE FLAVOR ==The calamari strips ($6) come with cocktail and jalapeñowhite sauces that really liven up the dish. I feel a dish should taste good without the sauces, but this one does not. It relies heavily on dipping.The classic fish tacos ($2.50) come with perfectly crispy white fish fillets, cabbage salsa fresca, and cheddar cheese in corn tortillas with ranch dressing. They put a bit too much cheese for me as many others have mentioned, but you can take it out easy. The size of the filets are larger than other places so enjoy.The grilled Swordfish tacos ($3.50) come with grilled sonoran-spicedswordfish, cabbage, salsa fresca, cheddar cheese and ranch dressing in corn tortillas. The tacos I had were a little too dry due to being overcooked. I didn't enjoy them at all and put tons of the "Hot Stuff" sauce to liven them up.The grilled Mahi Mahi tacos ($3.50) came with Mexican slaw and cilantro-lime aioli in a corn tortilla. This was packed with flavor, really moist and fresh just as it should be. The portion is small compared to the classic fish but it is worth trying at least one.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,5/2/2012,690,277,1,13,8>This is a nicely marked trail. There were signs stating how many more miles till the peak. From the bottom of Lake Poway to the peak is 3 miles, so round trip would be 6 miles if you don't go off on other trails. There were about 3 other trails along the way to Mount Woodson. I do cardio about 4- 5 times a week and STILL had to stop several times to rest. You're going up a mountain, so don't be surprised if you start taking DEEP BREATHS, especially if it's so HOT! Tips:The Lake Poway parking lot costs $5Bring sunblock with you so you could reapply.      - I regret not reapplying SPF on my arms. They got sunburned!Bring moisten face cleaning towels.     - You can buy them in a travel pack. Maybe I'm a neat freak, but I wanted to clean my face before reapplying my sunblock. Bring a towel.     -  I'm happy I brought my gym towel, because it was really hot and I started sweating after the first mile!Go EARLY!      - We started the hike at 10am and the SUN was burning. If you go later in the day, bring a HAT! There is no shade on the trail except ONE tree 2 miles in. I would bring a hiking stick next time, because when I got home, my knees ached! But I have really weak knees...     -  It's really bad to put so much pressure on your knees! The last 1.5 miles were brutal because you have to climb rocks, similar to Cowles Mountain. Bring a camera!     -  Beautiful views along the trial and the top. Bring WATER!!!      - I brought 3 liters, and drank 2.5 of it on my way up. It was a HOT summer day!DO NOT bring small dogs!     -  Your small dogs will not make it to the top and you're probably going to have to carry it!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,5/1/2012,1299,698,15,17,18>Right when you think you know something pretty good, karma throws you for a loop.  There's a hole-in-the-wall, Japanese take out place in downtown Carlsbad? Say it ain't so and how did I miss this! While I enjoy sushi, it's getting played out a bit.  That is, I'm not interested in going to a restaurant to sit or going to the deli of a supermarket for lunch.  Driving to Convoy from Encinitas is a possibility for getting something tasty, but that's an irregular trip that may need a laxative for me to drop into that part of town.I almost missed Yoshino's single door since it was squeezed between the larger storefronts of Vigilucci's and Caldo Pomodoro.   But even if you found it, the window lettering spells out  Yoshino's and Gelato! Which you could mistake to be part of the Vigilucci's or Caldo Pomodoro! This is not a sushi bar, but take out Japanese food only.  I got there about 1pm and his little deli case had a few items. I read that he's open for as long as he can make stuff!  You can't get more homemade than Yoshino's since the owner, a nice and friendly, Japanese man was making more bowls and side dishes 10 feet away from me.  He recognized me as a newcomer! Awesome.  Hello, how are you, sir!?I picked up what was available - an ahi poke bowl and sides each of tako/octopus, ika/squid and fresh seaweed.  We shared laughs when he asked me if I needed anything else and I politely told him that I had my own hashi/chopsticks at work and I have enough soy packets at my desk.  I honestly believe that most food is drowned in sweet sauces and flavors (teriyaki is played out, but that's another conversation), so it was refreshing to hear him tell me that I didn't need any more soy sauce.    Mind you, the ahi poke bowl flavor is unlike the Hawaiian way that most try it and you will notice the subtle Japanese light flavor to it.  The tako and ika are cut thinly so as to avoid that chewy texture that I don't mind but most disfavors.  Delicious overall.Thank you, Mr. Nakanishi! I will be making this lunchtime drive regularly! And... to try your gelato next time.T H I S is why I love learning about new places.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,4/30/2012,472,335,8,9,8>The one thing I'll remember forever about this place is their burnt cream.  Who knew that topping a standard creme brulee with some banana slices would change everything?  I didn't.  Not until I had it.  Vanilla bean custard, banana, sugar, flame, done.  Cracking that hard banana-sugar shell with my spoon was the start of something magical.  Oh man I'm drooling...I even had a conversation with our bartender about how he could eat a big cereal-sized bowl of it.  I suggested that they should make a food eating challenge with their burnt cream.  I'd definitely win.Sure, guys, their lunch and dinner entrees are pretty solid.  The bar area is spacious and would make great happy hour get togethers.  And their calamari appetizer is probably one of the better calamari I've tried (and guys, it's simple - keep it light and season appropriately).  Yeah yeah yeah get past all that.  It's dandy, sure, but it's all about their banana dessert.Okay, I could go on and on, but I'd only be keeping you from trying it yourself.  This is worth the trip.  This banana dessert is one of the best things I've evar had.  EvAR.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,4/29/2012,197,156,5,8,6>I am sorta upset that I am just now learning of this place.  I have lived in North County for over 4 years, granted I live inland, but I come to Encinitas all the time, yet this place remained under my radar.  Well, I am super excited to say that I have my new North County burger joint, and its this place.  Came here with 4 of my buddies after an afternoon of wiffleball, this place is just past the main stretch of the 101 if heading south on the right-hand side.  We grabbed a table and ordered up some wings, onion rings & sweet potato fries as apps.  The wings were dynamite, and I kid you not, the onion rings may have been the best I ever had.  The beer selection will take you some time to get through, its pretty extensive, but be warned, the glass/portion size is dependent on the alcohol content, so a few guys got like 9oz beers.  I ordered the whatever they call it burger, its their coordinates (lat. & long.), it was really, really good.  Super juicy so eat it quick or else the bun will get soggy like it did for 2 of my friends.  The fries were terrific as well, great compliment to the burger & beer selection.  I really cannot put into words how happy I am that this place exists, I cannot wait to go back.....minus 1 star for the prices, they are a bit on the high side, but it is absolutely worth it in my mind.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,4/28/2012,255,397,8,8,7>For my birthday eve my BFF Gemma took me to Veranda.This was my first visit and I am in love.  I may have to come back and propose.  Smoked salmon plate, capers, cream cheese, bagels, onions and tomatoes...I teared up and smiled at the same time. The G had an omelette and let me have a taste.  Then I had to ask for a tissue.  After some moments of sobbing with joy I had some questions:How can they make such great food? Why can't I move in next door? Why is the chef not living at my house?Does the chef want to rent a room in my house for free? So many questions and so little time to figure out how to eat this way every day. P.s., On second thought I want to live on the golf course so I can eat all my meals there.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,4/27/2012,1060,798,5,11,10>I took Joey to the dog store next door and as we were leaving I noticed the "reflexology" sign.  Oooo... reflexology right in my hood.I walked in with Joey and asked if I could have an initial reflexology treatment with Joey in the room and they said yes.  So in we went, and what a nice experience.The other place I had been to had very small, claustrophobic rooms with not much ambience and very little air.  This place has a communal room.  There are a bunch of very comfortable spa chairs, low lighting, new age music.... and they serve you a glass of champagne!Melanie was my therapist and she gave me a very decent reflexology treatment.  The form you fill out asks what strength you want the treatment and I put "firm."  The pressure was just right and I could feel all my problem points melting away.  I only had a 30 minute treatment since I had Joey with me and I was worried he would get restless, but I will definitely be going back to have a longer treatment.  With the one hour treatment they soak your feet while they massage hands and shoulders.Healing Touch is indeed a healing sort of place and I'm glad it's so near by.  You'll be seeing me again, Healing Touch.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,1/3/2013,688,279,8,8,6>My Yelp buddy John S. pointed me to this freaking awesome old school barbershop and I am glad he did, I have not gone to another barber since.  My barber is dave, he is sharp on point can shoot the s with ya, and leaves you with one hell of a haircut, worthy of zues himself. Seriously the guy is that good. The entire shop is on point. Everybody comes in looking like a caveman and leaving like a classy gentleman.This is APPOINTMENTS ONLY! So make sure that you call and set one up. They do this to ensure that each person doesn't feel rushed. Which is another good reason to go here. If your a man or think your ready to be one then get your haircut here.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,1/2/2013,156,739,3,4,4>Funny name, great beer.  The name gets you in the door, but the beer will keep you coming back.  This is the standard industrial microbrew setup with a nice tasting bar and sitting area with cask tables.  We each had a sampler. Me So Honey Ale - good/sweet as you would expectSaison - wheat not my fav, but if you are into it, then this is a good version.Milk stout - very good on CO2 or Nitro.  I liked the Nitro betterRye IPA - okayDam Double IPA - very goodPumpkin - good spice to itChai Stout - excellent, my favorite.  Limited quantity available... let's hope they brew some more.The Beaver is a great addition to North County microbreweries.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,1/1/2013,219,287,2,3,3>This is a great restaurant in Old Town Temecula.  I wish we would have known about Public House during our numerous trips to the wine country.  As reluctant as I am to admit it we have never been on the other side of Hwy 15 from the winereies (I know, shame on us).  Trust me, know that we have discoverd this great restaurant of awesomeness we will be back again and again!  Public House has all the things people should love in a restaurant; great service, delicous food, a great wine and beer selection, patio dining, and the occassional ofference of live music.  The Kobe burger I had was great by itself, but accompanied with the sweet potato fries the plate was outstanding.  We were extremely pleased with the recommend Pinot Noir as well.  While I cannot say much about the dining experience inside, the patio dining was quite enjoyable and a nice way to end a beautiful Sunday evening in southern California's wine country.  The service and menu prices were on point and well worth it.  Public House will soon be our regularly visited spots in Temecula.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,12/31/2012,46,223,,8,2>Located in a small strip mall with a 7-Eleven, the atmosphere is a little odd for a Chinese restaurant.  First, the restaurant is both Italian and Chinese ... two separate restaurant names, Chinatown and  Grissini,  are both etched on the glass outside.   Given the two names outside, we thought they might be two separate restaurants sharing the same physical space, but no, once inside both sets of items are on the same menu.And the plate design was decorated in a way one does not expect: the plates had black and white checkered rims, and looked like they belonged in a 50s throwback diner or delicatessen.  Okay, onto the actual food and beverage:Thirsty, we started off with a couple of Tsingtao beers to get the Chinese mood flowing.   At $3.50 a bottle, it was reasonable.Then, we ordered a large bowl of Wor Wonton soup.   Lots of fresh meats, shrimp, and veggies.   The roasted pork was perfectly cooked, and everything in it was very good.   My wife loved it; I though it could have used a tad less salt.For our mains, we ordered:- Shrimp Fried Rice  (my wife's choice)- Szechuan Shrimp   (my choice)We both agreed that the Szechuan Shrimp was absolutely delicious.   The perfect amount of spice, and a great balance of shrimp and veggies.The Shrimp Fried Rice was fine; nothing great, but nothing bad.  On the positive, it was not overly greasy, as can be the case in some restaurants.I've got some leftovers of the mains sitting in the refrigerator, and am look forward to downing them for lunch.I'd like to give this place 3.5 stars.  The question to round up or down.... I am rounding it up to 4 stars because my wife was a big fan of the Wor Wonton Soup, and the price was quite reasonable ($33 pre-tip for 2 beers, a large Wor Wonton Soup, Shrimp Fried Rice, & Szechuan Shrimp).
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/30/2012,72,145,2,4,3>Hey Bob! You nailed it!! If you're looking for the dark, dimly lit Italian restaurant with Chianti bottle candle holders, scary little cherub statues and the Don in the back room then this IS NOT your place.  Now if you're looking for the $10 any size any topping pizza or a $5 ready now "pizza" then this still isn't your place.However if you want a great pizza with a perfect crust and more toppings than should be legal then you're there!!! I never would have found this place had it not been for a friend telling me about it. It's in a small strip mall of the beaten path but seems to have a pretty good cult following. With good cause! I'm pissed I didn't find out about it sooner.  I pull up to the place and score a parking spot right in front of the door. I see a chalk board with a couple specials that seem like a pretty good deal but since I'm dining solo I pass into the place having just given the special a glance. The first thing I notice is Coke, NOT Pepsi, woo hoo!! The girl at the counter is ready for me as I walk up and I explain that I'm about to lose my Big Bob's Best Pizza virginity and I need to peruse the menu so i don't miss anything and screw myself. I decide on the lunch special (2 slices with up to 3 toppings with a bottomless soda for $6) and add an order of garlic bread. You can tell a lot about a place by their garlic bread. Canadian bacon, sausage and mushrooms please! I get a cup and retire to a table to watch the flat screen on the wall while Bob works his magic.  She comes out shortly with a plate adorned with a french roll split down the middle covered with butter, garlic and a hint of parsley. I go top off my Diet Coke and wait for my pizza while I arrange the setting for my picture.. How can I make my Facebook friends jealous without a picture?! ( I make NO friends on sushi night )  My three slices (you saw it right THREE) and she explains there was a small SNAFU with the slicing so I was receiving three instead of two slices. Sadly this breaks my heart..... NOT! The second thing I notice is the plethora of toppings on each slice completely concealing the pieces themselves. I tried to make room on my place by moving a slice to the garlic bread plate and there's an avalanche of sausage and mushrooms hitting the plate as it gets relocated.  I try the garlic bread as I wait for the pizza to drop a few degrees from "Lava" to something that won't scorch my mouth. It's crispy but not dry with great flavor. Just the way a good garlic bread should be!! Nice job Bob!  I push the second piece of bread aside for now and dive into my pizza.. DO I shake some Parmesan cheese on it first... NO, silly. You must first try it as Bob intended. In it's purest pizza form.. It's fantastic! Not over or under sauced. Just the right amount of cheese although I'm a firm believer that there can't be too much cheese on anything! Tee crust is firm but not hard. king of spongy but not thin or thick and not (pizza hut take note) greasy.  All the toppings are fresh awesome and in abundance. There was enough left over for a "Topping Salad" when I was done with my slices!!  As I'm finishing up I ask about delivery and since I don't live close they said to call and see if they can pull it off and if time/business permits then Bob will bring it to me. At this point the driver on duty is in the store and swings by my table with a take out menu and a fridge magnet! I top off my soda, clean my table and make for the door thanking the staff for the great service and fabulous food.  I put my swag in my pocket and exit the door knowing I'll be back or better yet, Bob might bring it to me!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,12/29/2012,894,543,4,2,2>My boyfriend got his wisdom teeth pulled from here. Staff was very nice helpful and informational. They have a separate insurance biller who specifically works with your insurance to figure out the best price brackets for you .I would highly recommend the full anesthesia because you are awake one minute and out the next!Dr F was not pushy at all. Gave very good information about the whole procedure. You can just tell he is a very down to earth doctor who isn't just out to get your money. He seemed very available in case of anything that happens after your teeth are pulled.Looks like im going to have to come here too!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/28/2012,216,159,5,8,7>OMG WOW - I'm hooked! The guy dropped off a brochure today and said 'FREE" delivery, so I was reading the reviews, and thought I should give it a try.....I ordered the chicken pita w/greek salad.......UUUH-MAZING!!! I am not big on putting fries in any pita or burrito, but I have to say this was fantastico! I enjoyed the combo, along with the garlic sauce & pickles! The balsamic dressing for the salad was really rich & tasty! Everything was superb! The delivery service was quick....and yes -- I did get free delivery, so I'm just going to pretend it's not a place in a gas station, and it's some fancy greek restaurant!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,12/27/2012,34,201,5,7,4>It was another boring Friday night in Temecula.  My lady friend was dying for some good pizza and the usual spots were played out.  It was time to try something new, but my Yelp-Fu was rustier than John Wayne Bobbit's blade.  Lucky for me, Yelp's filter feature takes the need for coherent thought out of the process.  To heck with reading reviews - just count the stars!We arrived at Utopizza and the place was completely dead.  Usually that would be a bad sign but here, it was a blessing in disguise.  We placed an order for a medium and split the toppings per their recommendation.   On one half was The Village:Pepperoni, sausage, jalapeños & fresh basil.  The other was the Pizza Blanca: (White Pie) Olive oil, crushed garlic, ricotta, mozzarella with your choice of spinach or Roma tomatoes. The pizza took 15-20 minutes to come out of the oven.  We watched television and conversed casually with the guy behind the counter as we waited.  We were pleasantly surprised when an order of complimentary mini bread twists arrived at our table.  Wow, what a tease!  We were already hungry and now our stomachs sounded like two puppies fighting under a blanket. At last our pizza arrived.  The Village was intense!  The heat from the jalapeños awesomely contradicted the sweet aromatic basil and in the end, my taste buds won.Round two proved complimentary as the white pie's creamy ricotta helped cool the palate as we relished in its delicious flavor.  Perfectly balanced and not overwhelmed with cheese, garlic or oil.  It was one of the best White Pizza's I've ever had.Finally, the crust.  Yes, it's damn good.  NY style thin crust - made and cooked perfectly.  It's definitely one of the best in town.This place deserves to be busy every time I walk in.  Check this place out!!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,12/26/2012,783,978,5,7,6>Finally finally came in with the family to try a burger from Habit.  for our first impression we ordered a regular ole "charburger with cheese" with "everything on it". - honestly it tasted very much like an in-n-out burger...it was good.  Nothing exciting...but seeing that i don't have an n-n-out in the area, it's a darn good substitute for a similar price and shorter lines.boy had a kids meal cheeseburger (same patty and toppings but different bun)- he loved it but he's an almost 9 year old boy (translation = food vacuum)girl had a kids meal nuggets (she didn't like her nuggets at all...i tasted them and they were fine...nothing exciting, but fine)summary-atmosphere ...clean, appealing restaurant.service...friendly, helpfultaste...good price...gooddefinitely worthy of a 4 star rating.  just keep in mind that this is not meant to be compared with a gourmet burger...it is better than ANY fast food and almost as good as in-n-out or 5 guysI would put it in the same category as in-n--out/5 guys.completely different category from The counter
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2012,12/25/2012,212,596,2,2,2>I really loved checking out Offbeat Brewing.  It's definitely a cool little tasting room.  You can see the beer is brewed in small batches by the tanks right there for the viewing.  The bartender who helped us out was friendly and nice to talk to .  He was pretty knowledgeable about the beers, but the brewer was right there to answer questions posed.  The tasting room has some funky art on the walls that gives it a festive and fun vibe.  I was bummed that the food truck was driving away as I arrived, but hey, I was there for the beer.They offer a flight of four tasters for $4.  You can get a pint of the one you like best for $5, but the flight is a great way to see what you like and the price is right.  They also sell some goods there: pint glasses, shirts, etc.The beer had good flavors, I liked the two brown beers the best: the Bear Arms Brown and the Barefoot Harem Theft Scotch Ale had the most flavor to them.  I like my beers hoppy, so the IPA was a little on the light side for me and the Girafficopter Session Pale Ale was way too bland for my palate.  I think the overall flavors of all of these beers is good, I just hope that with time they develop more depth to the flavors so they have that heartiness to them that is good in a beer.  I want to come here and hang out and chit chat with people and drink beers, so I'm really looking forward to see where they go from here because so far, great start!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,6/10/2014,54,121,4,5,4>This is my second time getting a blowout done. The first was at a place in Chicago and it was a terrible experience! But I have a special event coming up and wanted to have my hair look nice but not entirely "done up" i.e. up-do, curls, boobiepins, etc. And I have driven past this place a few times so I thought I'd try it. I really liked it. Completely different experience than my past one. I explained what I wanted and this was a trial run. She did what I asked, was really friendly, and we even started planning what I was going to do the day of the event. But the thing I was MOST impressed about was my hair is fine and hates to hold a curl but my hair held the curls she did for hours! That is not normal for my hair and she didn't need half a bottle of hairspray to do it. It still felt soft after. My experience made me buy a package instead of just the 1 blowout. I would definitely go here and recommend it.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,6/9/2014,133,389,6,7,7>Massive is an understatement. Huge doesn't even begin to describe it. Yeah, you can see how big these donuts are from the pictures posted, but you don't really, TRULY understand it until you have to sit down with one (or a few) of these and see how far you can power through them before throwing in the towel. Deez 'nuts. They're b i g.Diabetes in a bag, essentially. Please don't consume these on a regular basis. Anywho, the price might be a bit high, but remember, you're getting a lot of food for your money.Bacon maple bar - Stick with this. It's massive, and gets to be way too sweet after you're halfway through, but the frosting itself is divine. Far more flavorful than any other maple frosting I've had, and it isn't just sweet--it actually tastes like maple! The bacon on top also has a nice smoky flavor. This donut tops my bacon maple list by a pretty large margin. Yum!Chocolate cronut - It's alriiiiighhht. Definitely not as sweet as the bacon maple bar, but I still can't quite grasp the cronut craze :/ I'd rather have a croissant, or a donut... not both in one.Chocolate covered old fashioned - The largest old fashioned's I've ever seen. They look kind of funny actually, but they taste alright... I'd probably just opt for a glazed instead of chocolate covered if we came back for this, since the chocolate didn't really add much. This was just okay.There was a small line around 11pm on a Saturday night, mostly of high schoolers and some families.Our total came out to be $7 and some change for these 3 massive donuts. Yes, you could get a dozen donuts somewhere else for that price, and no I wouldn't drive all the way here for these donuts alone, but yes, the bacon maple bar was still delicious, and therefore yes, it's worth checking out if you're in the area!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,6/8/2014,49,23,5,9,5>I was in the mood for Italian, and I immediately thought "shudder" Olive Garden...? Nah, there had to be better options.  I've visited Spirito's, and although it was good, it didn't have the ambiance I was in search of.  I wanted the whole package.Enter my trusty yelp reviewers.  I don't know how many times I've driven by this place, and never even noticed it.  It's a little hole in the wall cozy spot that's really just perfect; picture Lady and the Tramp.  We had bruschetta to start which was fantastic, and shared the house green salad.  The salad is your basic mixed greens with tomato quarters and croutons, but was fresh, and good.My fiance had the fettuccine primavera, and it was delicious.  He didn't care for the mushrooms that it had in it, but I ate them up.  I had the eggplant parm, which came with bowtie pasta with red sauce.  So good.  I was hoping for spaghetti, but pasta's pasta.  The sauce was fantastic.  And those warm garlic bread knots....forgetaboutit OMG so stinkin good.  Portions are large, so we really could've shared an entree.  We each took half of our entrees home.For dessert we shared a creme brulee which was also tasty; custard consistency was a little runny for my taste, but had wonderful flavor, complete with fresh bean vanilla specks.Frankie's greatest hits serenaded us in the background which made me love it all the more.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,6/7/2014,101,659,4,7,5>Great '50s decor, booth seating... and a big ole menu of all the snowball choices. Had the Blood Orange with sour spray, my daughter got the PomaBerry Punch, both were very good!Even as crowded as it was for opening night the staff was smiling and atentive. Keep it up Dukes!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,6/6/2014,112,134,4,8,5>I like this place. You can walk in and immediately be helped by someone. And I like how they are not too expensive but will work with you based on your budget. Both of my buddies walked in wanting to spend $60 max and walked out with vape pens, the refill and a charger for 45.65, with the 20% discount they so graciously have us. Great flavor. Vanilla coke.Great pens.Great customer service.I like this place. A lot. And 2 of my friends have both been happy here making me want to buy one as well.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,6/5/2014,461,617,4,7,4>Amazing and delicious Bloody Marys!! This is the only place that I can drink a bloody mary!! I ordered a King Neptune omelete, with a blueberry muffin and hash browns!! I agree with everyone when they say that the hash browns are amazing!! Blueberry muffin was delicious, and then next time I come, I'm getting the sticky buns!!!!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,6/4/2014,80,159,17,20,16>I've been wanting to eat here for awhile now, just to try something new and I'm glad I did! My husband and I came in on Thursday night and were seated right away. Our server was prompt, attentive, and super friendly! I tried the Kale and Quinoa Salad and I absolutely loved it!! It comes already marinated in a honey vinaigrette dressing and it was just the right amount and very flavorful. My husband got the Lamb Burger and he really enjoyed it. Instead of fries he got the Aussie Potato Wedges which were really good as well.Overall, it was a great experience and we will be coming back very soon to try some other things on their menu. (:
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,6/3/2014,72,349,4,7,4>I see a doughnut shop took over a previously owned Chinese restaurant in the area.  As my coworkers would say before a R&D meeting with treats:"DOUGHNUT TIME TIME!!!"$5.50 for half dozen and $10 for a full dozen.  A little more pricier than most places but you are paying the 4S Ranch premium.  Little note, you can choose among doughnuts AND bagels.One little bone to pick....NO LOX!  After watching a Bizarre Foods episode on how lox is made in NYC, I was craving.  I feel sooo unsatisfied.  The toasted asiago bagel was still delicious.Now these doughnuts (or is it "donuts"?).  How can one go wrong with all these sugary gooddies?  Some lesser seen donuts available here are red velvet and bacon maple bars.  Had to get at least one of each.  Of course these donuts are delicious when fresh, however, what makes even better donuts is how they can taste the day after.  Suffice to say, they still keep their integrity the next day.  I love the slight crunchy outside and softness of the inside.  Texture is stupendous with these guys.Sorry to knock you guys down for not having lox and the 4S Ranch premium prices.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,6/2/2014,103,114,3,8,3>I could have walked, er, driven by this place a millions times and probably never would have gone inside. In fact, I probably have. Being a local in the O, I forget to yelp my neighborhood. Being a fat kid at heart, at a recent family get together I was ranking my top 3 favorite burgers. Why? I have no idea but then everyone starting going through their list and someone listed this place. I had heard it was decent, that Peter from succulent cafe had done a wall and could even picture it in my head but I was a little astounded that this place that I've driven by so many times could be the home of someone's favorite burger. Once again, I learned to not judge a book by its cover. Very clean inside, lovely patio, not at all what I expected. Basic menu of burgers an fries but lots of options as far kind of meat for burger. An option or any burger eater. They have fries, onions rings an sweet potatoes. They even have a trio where you can get a basic of all three, uhh...yes, please. The fries are awesome shoe string style with a nice seasoning. The onion rings were nice an fatty. The sweet potato fries were just okay. Next time, I'd probably just do fries or a fries and rings combo. There were two specials on the board. Some sort of Mac and cheese burger and a chorizo burger. My husband and I both agreed that the Mac and cheese sounded like just too much so we order the chorizo burger and a classic burger. I really like that you can order your burger as 1/3 pound and a 1/2 pound. So we both left with just the right amount of feeling too full. My husband loved his chorizo burger. His only compliant was that he thought it should come with a fork because he was using his hands to get ever last morsel of sauce and lettuce out of the bottom of his basket once he was done with the burger. I see myself returning often.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,6/1/2014,34,201,3,13,4>I've heard many good things about Rainbow Oaks Restaurant over the years, mostly because my little sister raves about it every time she goes.  Unfortunately her reviews are often met with skepticism, as her first and last restaurant suggestion led to my first Yelping experience, and it wasn't good.So last Friday I get a wild hair up my hide and decide to step away from the norm.   My older sister is still visiting from Arizona so I suggested we try something different.  It was later in the morning than I anticipated and knowing it would be busy, we were prepared to wait.  It was 10:30 am and the place was packed!  Standing room only and the line was growing fast.  After mulling around for a few minutes and checking out the daily specials, we were surprised to be called for seating so quickly.The service was fast and friendly - nothing but smiles and cheerful welcoming attitudes.  Our drink orders were on the table within minutes after being seated.  The coffee was hot, fresh, and tasty.  Plus, they had an awesome caramel-chocolate coffee creamer that I had never seen before.  After a quick review of the menu, I decided to play it cool and test the waters with the Californian omelet with avocado (extra charge but it was worth it).  My sister ordered the blueberry French toast that was listed on the specials board.  Woweeewow!  We were super impressed!   My omelet gloriously arrived plated alongside a healthy portion of potatoes O'Brien.   All of the veggies and ingredients appropriately cooked and well portioned.  My omelet needed nothing.   My only complaint, the rye toast I ordered turned out to be marble rye.  It's not what I expected and it was barely toasted, but still really good.  I also tried a small bite of my sister's blueberry French toast and there are no words to describe how awesome it was.  I don't really care for sweet breakfast items but that was by far one of the best blueberry breakfast dishes I've ever had, ever.After all these years of my sister telling me to go eat here, I'm glad I finally did.  Well worth the short drive and the wait, if any.  I'll definitely be back!!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,8/4/2013,408,486,,5,3>Just stopped by Tio Leos tonight to check out their happy hour. Love the carne asada fries...I've been craving these for the past couple months and keep saying I should stop by a taco shop and never do. When I saw that they were on the happy hour menu for $5, I was sold! Absolutely delicious! Fries? Good! Cheese? Good! Steak? Good!!!The seemingly bottomless chips and salsa were also wonderful!I believe happy hour also includes drink specials for $3 and $4 but I just stuck with the food. Happy hour runs til 7 p.m. too!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,8/3/2013,307,470,,10,2>Really clean bathrooms!Water fountains for replenishing your hydration levels.Took the advice of other Yelpers and hiked here from Discovery Lake (Lakeview Park). Had no idea how long it was actually going to be when I started. It was kind of challenging for me! But I recommend the hike because the trails are beautiful + the exercise is awesome.Double Peak Park is very well maintained. I like the 360 degree diagram on the ground that tells you what areas of San Diego are in each direction.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/2/2013,267,353,3,4,4>the kiddos and i were starving after mindlessly playing our electronics on a fine sunday morning.i decided to try solace out after seeing they had a HUGE brunch menu, and not to mention, i'm hoping to try out them soon again for a special night...hint hint...anyway, i digress.we were warmly greeted by the fun guy-host in front, who was very easy going and funny.we were asked to sit outside (a little cold), or inside (nice table.).our server came by and took our drink orders. i ordered the Bellini, very smooth, and not too sweet, my favorite way to drink this.kiddos got freshed squeezed grapefruit juice (go figure), and pineapple juice (yummy, sweet).i also ordered coffee, and they served it in my favorite type of mug...glass! very nice touch.the kids are in the cusp of adult menu vs kids menu. they both finally decided on the Cheesy Eggs, Black Forest Bacon, and Creamy Grits.Boy were they lucky! The grits were a cloud of dreams, and the cheesy omelette was so tasty with chives and tons of cheese. they loved it and finished it up.i ordered the beef cheek hash, with potatoes.Meh. that's why it got 1 less star.it was full of potatoes (needed a smidgen more salt), and had two or three itty bitty pieces of beef, that was cooked to a crisp, and not at all what you expect with "braised beef". it had lots of burnt pieces of potato and onion. i think the best part were the two poached eggs that were cooked great. not too impressed, and a bit disappointing.BUT....they have a ton of other stuff on the menu that i'm looking forward to trying.overall, good experience. but the server was a little slow when the food was delivered. i wanted tabasco with the food, and had to eat it for 5-7 minutes before it came.also, she took a while to get us the check, and then forgot to put a pen with it. the people next to us came after us and went before us.i WILL be back though, i loved the ambience, and the location can't be beat. right in the heart of encinitas, AND right off the coaster. hubs and i will have to make a booze fest out of it, considering the HUGE beer menu!!!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/1/2013,111,367,3,3,3>So happy I finally got to try this place out! Came here during happy hour (I believe from 5-6:30!?) and it was one of the best happy hours I've been to.  Lots of things under $5... seriously a good deal!The boyfriend and I ordered the usual:  toro nigiri, hamachi nigiri, and tuna nigiri.  All so good and FRESH.  Mmm.  We also tried the oyster shooters, some cut rolls but the best thing was the yellowtail jalapeño w/white yuzu soy... freaking bomb.  That one was $14 but totally worth it!  Btw, our waitress was very attentive... great customer service!I think I found my new favorite sushi place... considering it's only about a 10MIN. drive from my house :)
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,7/31/2013,1060,798,4,14,8>Sorry Whole Foods but I agree with the reviews that say that Seaside Mkt has higher quality and a multitude of upscale, gourmet, wholistic products.  It's small, it's crowded, the parking suuuuucks, but I love coming down here to this friendly neighborhood locale.  The front patio is filled with people drinking their Starbuck's (next door), and you get to breathe the fresh ocean air.  Plus on the return trip I always drive all the way down San Elijo (which turns into Vulcan) and what a fabulous view of the ocean.One of the things I get here which Whole Foods doesn't always have is Hemp Seed.  It's one of the highest Omega 3 products on the market.  They also have terrific produce and really clean spinach bundles.  The hot sauce shelf is awesome, and they have a great wine selection, including my favorite, Mantra Cabernet, which I have not found anywhere else around North County.For those of you with those little sweet toothies, a big selection of all kinds of sweet goodies, including fabulous cookies at the checkstand, and great lemon cake at the deli.You can get grass fed meat and roasted garlic and shredded imported parmesan and all kinds of little containers of stuff you can put out for appetizers when you have guests.  I brought a friend who is a manager of an upscale fish market and he said the fish is the freshest he has ever seen in a retail market.Yeah, I love this place.  Get your Seaside Market card and they chalk up your purchases and send you email gift offers.  One month it was a free Seaside Market shopping bag which I love.Get over here, you won't be sorry.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,7/30/2013,97,247,,5,3>Finally good Mexican restaurant in the North County area.  We have been in search of a good one for at least 5 years.  Solid 4 stars, but an extra for the service.  Love the family feel.  Food tastes fresh (and not microwaved like most--trust me, check out the kitchens of most Mexican restaurants and you will know what I mean).Thank you mama Betty for bringing delicious Mexican food to us! :)
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,7/29/2013,369,100,4,5,1>I love coming here to catch up with old high school friends. This place is always open late and it's my go-to spot for a quick drink or a few games of darts. I like coming here when it's not that busy. Wing Wednesday is cool...for the first timers and if you like the big crowds, but I like it when it's toward the dead side. Easier to talk to the person in front of you, pool table to yourself, more games of darts, faster service, and closer parking! If you are like me then stay away from Wing Wednesday nights. I also like it here because they play a lot of English Premier Soccer games. There is always a beer of the month that is reasonably priced and their beer on tap is awesome. It's all laid out on the wall which is easy to read instead of looking at a menu. The food is good here too. I usually come here for the drinks and the company. Rum and coke $3!! Holla! If you come here a lot you will start seeing the same old people...Kent Du, Jessica V., Nick B., the list can keep going. If you see a small asian guy with glasses that is Kent Du. I believe everyone knows him here by first and last name haha. If you like talking politics or business Kent Du is your guy! His drink of of choice is Johnnie Walker on the rocks...Black or Red Label, if you can afford it, get him some Blue Label...please! haha If you don't want to talk to him, at least start randomly shouting "Kent Duuuuuuuu!"
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,7/28/2013,156,739,1,4,2>Hooray... another Pizza Port in Carlsbad.  The new location is larger than the Carlsbad Village location (with an upstairs seating area), so you might be able to get a seat once the newness wears off.  However, the signature community picnic tables remain a staple at this location.  I was hoping they might have some better seating options at the new place, but I guess that is what they were going for.  In true Port fashion, they have video games for the kids and serve your own soda station.  I like that they have two bars (one upstairs), and they allow food ordering at each location as well as the front register.We attended the soft opening on Thurs June 13, and it was packed (1 hour + wait for pizzas).  We shared some quality pitchers of beer while waiting for our food.  The brewing area adjacent looks like they will have plenty of space for their planned beer canning process. That should be interesting to tour some day if they allow tours.I agree their pizza isn't the best pizza around (see my Pizza list), but I like their tangy sauce and the less greasy feel/taste than the mass-produced shops (Papa Js, Doms, PHut).  I give them 3 stars for the pizza, but the beer quality and selection earns them another star all on its own.  Workers are friendly and knowledgeable on their beers is a plus too.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,7/27/2013,200,189,2,6,2>Great salon! Clean and the wait wasn't terribly long (about 15 minutes).Got my first set of white tip acrylic nails in forever, and the lady who did them was speedy as heck. No crooked nails, all the gel set perfectly, and 2 weeks later they still look fantastic. In fact, if I wanted to wait an extra week to get a fill, I probably could since they were so well done. I spent the last weekend at a work convention ripping open cardboard boxes and typing up a storm, and not a single one cracked, chipped, scratched, or broke. Still look new!One thing I don't get is why they don't just include the gel price in the acrylics price menu...they have to put it on, and it's only $5, so when they take your card at the end and charge you for the gel, you have to think about it for a second. No point in leaving it off the printed price just to make it look less expensive than other places. Also, like another reviewer said, make sure to bring cash for a tip because there is no write in box, and if you ask to just add it to the bill, they will do it, but will ask you to please bring cash next time.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,7/26/2013,45,13,11,4,6>'Twas the night before the prophesied end of human civilization, and these dire circumstances had led me to take stock of my own wasted existence. Thirty-three years of finding nothing better to do than the worst I could manage, somehow convinced that there would be a prize at the bottom of the box. Thus, I resolved to eat my way through all the candied popcorn and peanuts the world had to offer, despite their limited nutritional value. I told myself that proper oral hygiene would enable me to reach the Secret Decoder Ring with intact molars...then all my years of mindless consumption would be validated...But caramel-coated popcorn has a way of sticking to your teeth like nothing else, and some people find peanuts highly allergenic. By the time I completed my third decade of decadence, it was pretty obvious that my decay was irreversible. The problem with being a specialist is that you tend to identify with your line of work. Having spent the majority of my career on Earth as a human garbage disposal, I gradually degenerated into an obsessed workaholic. My entire world came to revolve around the perfection of my chosen endeavor. The other human garbage disposals sensed a threat, and circled the wagons. Unlike most of them, I have the ability to swim underwater with eyes wide open, as it were. Clearly an advantage, when your arena is an Olympic-size cesspool...However, clarity is a two-edged sword, and when I caught sight of my own reflection in the aforementioned pool, I was unable to discern the visage of a champion. A true gold medalist would have been the first one out of the pool, and never looked back. Yet, I lingered at the deep end, win or lose, treading unholy water, and occasionally looking around for someone to offer me a dry towel. Not a sport, nor a hobby, nor a line of work. Just a symptom of myself. A singular descent into the abyss, the bottomless box of cosmic Cracker Jacks, no prize at all. Somewhere along the way down, I must have accidentally swallowed my Secret Decoder Ring...and failed to notice it at the time, because everything is equally bitter to a master of his own taste buds. Which, by the way, is what separates the Professional Competitive Eater from the mere epicure. Discernment is a liability, when you're in it to win it. I didn't manage to defeat the house challenge at Oink and Moo. Chef Jonathan was an excellent host, and his Triple Headed Monster du jour was a thoughtfully curated arsenal of high-caliber gastronomic weaponry, designed for the sole purpose of stopping the most rapacious of Competitive Eaters dead in their tracks. Hence its unique appeal. Yes, my recent pilgrimage to Oink and Moo was something of a kamikaze run, competitively speaking. But it was fun, the way eating contests originally were, before starving souls began to take them way too seriously. There's a lesson to be had in biting off more than one can chew. If you happen to run into the late, great Phil Luminati at Oink and Moo, you might find him seated near the Wall of Shame, where he holds a well-earned spot in Chef Jonathan's Valhalla of the unduly self-assured. You might even find him eating slowly enough to enjoy his meal. The Triple Headed Monster may be Chef's magnum opus and signature creation, but the house was packed the night I visited--and, despite the idiot who was attempting to ram a Triple Headed Monster down his throat with reckless disregard for proper etiquette, drawing all sorts of attention to his uncouth behavior, everyone seemed to be having a pleasant dinner. In fact, I was probably the only diner that night who failed to clean their plate...but trust me, I would if I could.My burger was as good as she looked, beautiful but deadly. She's a killing machine- you don't take her home to Mama in a doggy bag. She will eat you alive and spit you back out, a shell of the man you thought you were. This is her special charm; let it not reflect poorly on the rest of the bill of fare. You don't need a death wish to have a favorable experience at Oink and Moo. Although it helps. I may have made a cynosure of myself the night I battled the Triple Headed Monster, but the occasion was momentous for another reason: the advent of the consummate burger topping, hitherto unimagined, which virtuoso Chef Jonathan designed as a tasty coup de grace for the culinary duel. I will not attempt to describe the topping itself. Suffice it to say that there will one day be a sign at Oink and Moo declaring it the birthplace of the... ...well, I suggested that a burger prepared with this topping be christened a "De Luz", in honor of the vast number of DeLuzian snowbirds who were on hand that auspicious evening, having temporarily fled the political violence of their anarchic homeland for a relaxing evening of burgers and BBQ in the "Friendly Village" of Fallbrook. But it is Chef Jonathan's delightful innovation, and his to name- just consider "De Luz" a working title, for now...
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,1/11/2014,103,114,2,9,5>There aren't too many fancy schmancy restaurants to go to in North County.  This is the place you go to for a great date night.I've been a handful of times. I've ordered the duck, short ribs and chicken. That is also the order I'd rank them in. I've had amazing gnocchi there and a mediocre caprese salad. Sometimes I feel as though they are trying too hard but for the most part, they hit their mark. The wine selection is fantastic. The ambiance is very romantic and to say the wine list is thorough would be an understatement.I do feel a little out of place sometimes because it seems like their average customer is 50 or more years old but it is a nice change of pace from surrounding establishments. We chose this as our location for our first time out without the babies as new parents for a few reasons. It is close to our house, we knew the food would be good and we knew it would be a romantic and peaceful setting.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,1/10/2014,72,349,5,7,3>Thai in Rancho Bernardo?  You mean Thaigo in CArmel Mountain Ranch?  Nope, some new place popped up in a real remote part of RB.  Weird, right?I don't know what this place was before, but it's fairly new.  Decor is a little dull, but high ceilings, small tables and a bar area don't exactly make it too Thai-like.  However, the food more than makes up for it.I didn't go straight for the standard items like Penang and Pad Thai.  I did go for the papaya salad, pad see ew, won ton soup, chicken fried rice and shrimp asparagus.All were up to par except for the shrimp asparagus.  Too many veggies, not enough shrimp and low on taste.  The won ton was a very small soup that is probably best for 1 and a half servings but very tasty indeed.Overall, I would come here again and I want to try more items from the menu.  There is a small happy hour discount of $2.50 beers and $1 off apps from 3-6.  One TV at the bar, so if you feeling like treating it as a sports bar, go ahead and hopefully they have your game on.  Oh, and this place always has sticky rice!  Something I tried in Thailand and its fun to roll up your rice and dip it in your sauces...mmm.  I think the glycemic index is much higher though, but hey...I'm a Fat Kid in an adult body.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,1/9/2014,278,134,3,5,4>Been here once and five stars is what it deserves. I tried their Pollo Asada burrito and had a bite of the Carne Asada Fries. Both delicious. Not to mention they have a full salsa bar with unlimited hot carrots! The fries were cooked perfectly, not soggy at all and the meat was juicy and flavorful. Pollo asada was cooked the same way. Only con I heard was that portion for the Carne Asada Fries were small compared to other places. I thought it was the perfect size and maybe it's a good thing that it's not gigantic. You just saved yourself from a heart attack. :)
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,1/8/2014,219,287,3,5,3>If there is any fun 5k you should do it is the Ridiculous Obstacle Course (ROC). This run  equates to the Japanese game show, "Takeshi's Castle" where contestants undergo a series of man made obstacle courses.  Unlike the show, it is not just the obstacles but the quarter mile between each obstacle that makes this run interesting.  In my experience, I felt the obstacles were adequately spaced until the last mile where the obstacles bunch up a bit and caused a pile up of runners, furthering delays in the run.  I thoroughly appreciated the management and coordination of getting our items for the run, they have a real smooth operation. The establishment of pacing 75 runners every 15 minutes at the start line was also a good plan. From the MC at the start line to the volunteers throughout the run, the energy was high and very motivating.  I also appreciate the watering stations that were set along the run.  I have to admit though, my favorite was at the finish line with the sponsors.  The "human car wash" (as I call it anyways) provided by Dr. Bronner's Magic Soaps was much needed and "off the chain" fun.  If I had my druthers I would do a 5k with a lavender foam shower coupled with a swim in some Lavender Coconut lotion incorporated into the run. I thoroughly enjoyed myself and was so fresh and clean afterwards.  This run was exceptional in that there were no children, most participants looked to be between  high teens to thirties.  Anyone interested in the ROC Run should get a group, have a theme, and be ready to challenge each other.  I would definitely do a ROC Run again!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,1/7/2014,11,82,3,4,3>We end up here every so often, my son loves getting a slice of pizza and playing with the dough. They use no artificial ingredients and have some gluten free options. We ordered four pizzas from here for my son's birthday party last year and everyone loved it, parents and kids alike. The pies are a little pricey, but If you just want a slice they have a two slices and a drink walk in special that's pretty good.The parking lot sucks, make sure to back in or park in front of one of the empty office spaces.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,1/6/2014,64,137,4,8,3>So happy I finally had a chance to try Hill Street after years of driving by admiring how cute this little place is! I moved pretty close by recently so I walked over with my mom and brother on Mother's Day for a casual brunch. My expectations were faaar surpassed and we were all so pleased with our afternoon!Pros:1. Cutest atmosphere!! We loved that there was seating both inside the old house (get a table on the front porch!) and outside around the garden. The koi pond is a nice touch too!2. I had no idea that Hill Street was so focused on organic foods. We all had the Lumberjack breakfast, and those eggs were some of the freshest I have EVER had. They also had little baskets on the front door step with free herbs and flowers that were grown right there in the garden, as well as a stand with homegrown fruit for purchase.3. The menu is more diverse than I expected. I only saw one server that afternoon, so it took a while inbetween visits from her - but we needed that time to decide on our meals!4. I usually drink water wherever I go but my brother ordered a white mocha that was to diiiiieeee for, and my mom's blood orange juice was fresh squeezed and incredible! I'll probably order a drink next time I come in.Cons:1. If you get pancakes with your meal, do not - I repeat, DO NOT - go with the boysenberry syrup. I love boysenberries but this was waaaaaaaay too sweet, and not a good sweet. I traded my mom for her maple syrup and watched her the rest of the afternoon incase she went into diabetic shock :P2. Our food was pretty cold by the time it got to us, but we were all so impressed by the freshness that we didn't complain. Usually that would be an issue for us though.Overall, a great meal at a great price - for all three of us it came out to less than $40 (including two drinks). I wouldn't say this is my favorite new spot but I'm definitely happy to know that this is just down the street if I have company over or I don't feel like cooking. I'm interested to see what the atmosphere is like at night too, I had no idea they were open past lunch!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,1/5/2014,84,114,3,5,3>I'm a champagne fiend. It is sadly not all that uncommon for me to finish off a bottle by myself on the weekend while reading a good book (in the spirit of honesty, that is my typical Sunday). Thornton keeps me in champagne of all types. With summer just around the corner I'm very much enjoying the pomegranate and peach sweet champagnes. The Blanc de Noirs will take the gloom out of your June.Be sure to stop into Cafe Champagne and get the lobster grilled cheese. You absolutely will not be disappointed!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,1/4/2014,101,151,3,4,3>Mmm..yes, believe the hype.  Their cronuts are amazing.  If you buy donuts that have a cream in the middle, the cream tastes light and perfect.  In general, their donuts are not greasy and they don't really feel heavy even though they're huge!  I love that they're open 24 hours (You'll never have to wait in line, not even for CRONUTS!).  I took one star off because they charge a crazy $1.70 extra if you pay with a credit card.  Also, to pick out your donuts, it's kind of awkward how you have to walk around the shop, cross over some customers, and point out at the donuts without being able to talk to them (they can't hear you through the window).  Nevertheless, I'd totally go out of my way and order donuts here again!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,1/3/2014,203,342,2,7,5>This place made me feel like we were on the Real Housewives of San Diego.We had a group of about 10 girls for brunch - everyone loved their food.I got the lobster benedict and it was the BEST thing I've eaten in years!  It comes with HUGE chunks of lobster, a truffle hollandaise sauce with prosciutto on top of hash browns.  Their service is amazing, ambiance, food, everything was perfect!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,1/2/2014,15,95,1,6,4>I have eaten here numerous times, and I love the chicken and rice soup.  I prefer it to other Mexican restaurants for the perfect salt content and portions of white meat, with just a little rice for texture.  The beef tacos are great too.  I'm not as big a fan of the chile rellenos, though.  I like the batter to be a little bit crispy on the outside.I love the wacky restaurant layout, it used to be a home, and the great service as well.  Whenever the weather cools down, I'll be in for soup!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,10/18/2014,267,353,6,7,6>I have to update my review. I have been a constant at this place for over a year, and have given my hard earned $$$ up for too many Macallans.(And espresso Martinis, thanks to Royce).I cannot understand why all restaurants haven't figured out Cucina Enoteca (and Cucina Urbana's) business model....Know your food and definitely know your customers.I have been blown away EVERY time I'm here whether it's the Chef's Whim, the new fish on the menu, or the server and/or manager and/or sommelier who comes by to say 'hi' again or 'welcome back'.YES, they are that good.I have taken my mom, sisters, best friend, ex-friend, nanny, sister-in-law, and many others here just because I can expect AMAZING service, crazy delicious food, and consistency like NO OTHER.Thanks/ kiddos to Brennan, Thomas, Sommelier, all the servers, and the hosts.I'll see you probably tomorrow!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,10/17/2014,189,258,6,7,7>I can't give a high enough rating for Bob Workman and his crew. My family has been seeing Bob for all of our auto needs for the past few years. He is honest, reliable, and just overall a great mechanic. I have never walked in with a small issue and walked out with an $800 bill for unnecessary repairs that I had no complaints about before. Bob runs his business with integrity, which is the reason all of his customers are so loyal. I highly recommend anyone to go see Bob Workman for high-quality work on your vehicle. The price is always fair and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,10/16/2014,246,162,6,9,8>Have you ever had food so good, that you went home and dreamt of it that same night? This girl did!My Pinoy, lil' Ninja and I love love love to eat. And even though we find good food and are full after a meal, it's been a while since we were actually SATISFIED with our meal. Until we came to Sabor de Vida.For those who know me, I LOVE MEAT. This place was heaven. And it was refreshing to not have a passadore come by every few minutes trying to shove meat down my throat like the other bigger churrascarias downtown. Don't be afraid that one plate dinner won't be enough. Itsa plenty! I had the combo plate  which had a slab of tri-tip, chicken filet and Portuguese beef sausage; also black beans and roasted veggies. (I asked for no rice) It also came with a magical golden white powder called Farofa, which is toasted ground up yucca or manioc or tapioca root or something like that. I killed it ALL - and not because it wasn't enough, but because it was soooooo good! Lil' Ninja had the SDV Kid's Plate ($5) - he chose the tri-tip, rice, fries and asked for a fried egg on top. The tri-tip looked like a petite filet and he's always wanting to tear up a steak like his parents so he was a happy camper. And yes, my boy killed his plate too. My Pinoy ordered the BBQ Carrieteiro Campiero for an appeteaser - think paella with sausage, tri-tip, chicken, cheese and red wine. Yum. Flan for dessert. It's flan.It's a Gluten-free diner's dream. CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK and try everything else on the menu!!!!Ps.. all the Portuguese-speaking patrons around us makes it feel all the more authentic.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,10/15/2014,107,177,6,6,8>I love this little place.  Its like eating breakfast on my own patio, if I had a fully staffed kitchen to make me amazing food and track down exotic coffee.The coffee? tasty.  The food, all so good I can never choose what to order.  Also, I dont have a dog, but I enjoy watching everyone else's cute pets on the patio.If you are looking for a new place to try for breakfast or lunch, I highly recommend it.  Comfy and casual just like home, only better.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,10/14/2014,156,135,4,9,7>I absolutely LOVE Three Sisters Jewelry! They create unique, personalized, hand stamped, high-quality, beautiful jewelry.  Ever since I discovered this boutique, it's been my go-to spot for gifts for my sister, mom, aunt, and grandma!  In fact, I need to tell my boyfriend that he should be doing any anniversary/birthday/Valentine's Day/Christmas shopping for me here too!  They have everything...rings, bracelets, necklaces, earrings, headbands...and everything they have is cute!  I can't walk in without leaving with something!  I get compliments on my necklace from there all the time!  Also, the staff will work with you closely to help you design the perfect piece tailored to the person or a special occasion. +1 Beautiful, unique jewelry+1 One-stop shop for anyone...great for gifts too!+1 Attentive and friendly staff+1 Conveniently located in Leucadia on Coast Highway +1 Reasonably priced, especially for the high-quality of each piece
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,10/13/2014,461,617,5,5,5>Man, I'm a huge stickler when it comes to customer service in a restaurant and I don't know how many times I've embarrassed my friends by leaving a nasty message or being at a bar and standing on the stool just to get the damn servers attention, but I've found a place to call home for my drinking needs!!! I came in tonight with a couple of friends and was greeted by a gentleman named Kyle. Smiling and eager, I'm not sure he was ready for the sassy-ness this table was about to bring but man, he was helpful, on his game and always with a smile! This is a serious triple threat in the food industry world since I've been in the industry for about 14 years. Kyle always checking on out drinks, food and just making sure that my friends and I were taken care of and that is what really matters. He is a great and excellent host and it really can show he loves being there with the people. Later on in the evening when the music started and people crowded the dance floor, he moved his way through the crowd like a champ, bringing drinks to the band, to other tables as well as my table! When a drink spilt in the dance floor, he disappeared in a heartbeat and then was back to mop up with spill and went back to helping his tables. Never in my years have I seen such an amazing and helpful person in the food industry world, not even at my own parents restaurant. Kyle is the reason why I will go back and the reason why he deserved, NOT GOT, but fricking deserved the tip he got tonight from me. Amazing job Kyle and when I come back you will always be my server!!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,10/12/2014,20,69,2,13,9>My husband and I had been looking for a good sushi place that was close to home.  We had tried a few places that just weren't all that great...one gave us food poisoning.  A while back while driving around we stopped by Sushi on the Edge and got a menu.  The sushi chef, Joey, was there and chatted with us for a few minutes.  We found out that they had just opened a few days prior and we told him we'd be back to try it out.  Last night we decided that sushi sounded really good so we went to check out Sushi on the Edge.  We walked in and took a seat at one of the only open tables.  It took a while for a server to come over to us but when she did come over, she was pretty friendly.  She took our drink order and our sushi order and then we ended up moving to the sushi bar so a family could take our table.  When we moved to the sushi bar, Joey (one of the sushi chefs) was right in front of us.  It took a while for us to get any part of our order but we were enjoying watching the sushi chefs try to keep up with all of the orders.  Joey told us that  they were busier than they had been since their opening and apologized for it taking so long.  They haven't been open long so you can tell that they're still training their employees.  When we got the food, the sushi was fantastic and well worth the wait.  My husband and I will be going back to try it out again and hope that they're just as busy...but maybe a little faster.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/11/2014,862,317,4,10,6>Great place for a decently priced breakfast buffet: Adults are about $12 and kids' buffet is $5.95. This includes an omelette station, fresh waffles (you make them yourself) meat and egg selections, oatmeal and fresh orange juice, coffee, hot chocolate....you get the picture. You can eat and drink as much as you like.Service is wonderful. We always ask to sit in Chelsea's station...just because we've come to love her but we have never had poor service here.They even provide a free newspaper....unless they've run out. You get to take the paper home with you.Ample free parking. Great place for breakfast.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/10/2014,46,223,5,5,5>I came here with a friend on a Thursday for Happy Hour.   I liked it so much I came back 2 more times within the next couple of weeks, and it is a good 15-20 minute drive for me..... that sort of says how much I liked it.They had a great craft beer selection on tap.   I thought their spicy chicken wings are some of the best I've had.    One of my friends thought the burger he ordered was the best he'd ever had (I'd personally disagree ..... damn good, yes, but the best I've ever had....naah, but maybe that's how he felt about my chicken wings).    And I would be remiss if I left out their Spicy Pulled Pork Sandwich, on a different visit both my friend and I thought it was just out-freagin-standing....a little pricey at $15, but worth it.I like all the open windows, and the open atmosphere.     If you are looking for room to stretch out and good happy hour prices, come earlier (say 4pm on a weekday).    If you want a hip happening packed atmosphere, then come on a Saturday night, or come on one of the nights when they have a band playing (twice a week......I forget which nights).
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,10/9/2014,206,156,5,5,5>My wife and I came here for dinner on Saturday night around 8pm.  I have driven past this building 100 times on Coast highway and never thought to read the Yelp reviews.  I'm glad I finally did!We knew it was going to be busy so I planned ahead and ordered a couple of beers and we sat on the bench inside.  Some people were waiting outside on benches.  This place is very small and dark.  Only 5 or 6 tables.  Don't come here with a big group or kids.  This is a sake house so do them a favor and drink some sake!  We weren't even half-way done when our table for two was ready.  We immediately ordered the ultra premium sake sampler.  I usually prefer hot sake but these were fantastic!  The owner talked to us about the history of each bottle and the tradition:  the first sip has to be done by the couple at the same time without touching the glass or it's bad luck.  This is definitely made for couples so think twice when bringing your best bro lol.What we ordered:1) Sake sampler - $16.  A must.2) Baked bay scallop and Shimeji mushrooms, $5.95 - tremendous!  Best dish of the night and as rich and creamy as foie gras3) Broiled black cod with Kyoto miso flavor, $5.95 - very tasty, especially the black parts.  Beware of bones!4) Steamed shrimp dumpling - only $3.95.  Four tasty little dumplings.5) Sautéed shishitou green peppers, $3.95.  Good, but we've had better elsewhere (like Searsucker)6) Sansai (Japanese wild vegetables) Udon Noodle, $8.95 - 2nd best dish of the night.  I could swim in that broth it was so deliciousAnother table celebrated a birthday.  They shut off the lights and everyone in the house sang while the owner brought out green tea ice-cream with a candle.  So fun!  Can't wait to come back.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,5/26/2013,481,148,4,5,4>This location at the Del Mar Plaza is by far, my favorite SmashBurger location. There's an awesome outside patio eating area on the corner of Camino Del Mar and 15th St. that can't be beat.Food is of quality, prices are cheap, and service is fast. SmashBurger makes for a great lunch spot, whether you're getting away from the office on a lunch break or you've spent the day at the beach.Don't dis the chicken sandwiches - they're actually really good!And the sweet potato fries are killer...naturally.Note: Beer is served here! Which is kinda cool if you like beer. I saw a couple guys getting an ice bucket of a few and sitting out on the patio with their burgers & beer. Totally classy for a guys' lunch. If only they served champagne...
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/25/2013,107,273,3,4,3>Somehow, despite it's tiny footprint, the ability for someone to find a place to sit at this location is infinitely easier than it's Carlsbad Village counterpart.  I've dropped in a couple of times for business meetings (talking wedding details with a couple over a some Pizza Port brews is grossly more attractive to me than a starbucks any day) and I've never had trouble finding a seat for the three of us.  Volume of the joint is something different I'm afraid, but you can't help crowd noise of a popular spot.I'm quite partial to their Warm Waters Wheat, Amber and Mexican style beers.  If you're ever in the mood to try something OTHER than an IPA (still don't understand the San Diego-wide obsession with IPA's) those would be my first recommendations.Hopefully the construction on coast highway is finished soon so they can have their front area back and traffic to this location is eased.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,5/24/2013,73,355,3,5,5>My wife and I hit Market for our anniversary this year.  This was at least our 3rd visit.  Previously we've had the Chef's tasting menu and we've ordered off the regular menu, but we've never sidled up to the sushi bar.  That will have to wait at least one more visit because we weren't feeling sushi.  No matter though - per usual we had a wonderful meal.My wife loved her glass of wine, which our server keyed in to and wrote out the name, and she brought out the bottle for us to see.  This leads me to review point #1: Market has fantastic service.  The valets are cool out front, the hostesses are great from confirming your reservation to greeting and seating upon your arrival, and the servers are bussers are first rate.  Review point #2: Love the bread.  It sounds like a little thing, but we appreciate good restaurant bread, which Market definitely has.  The baguette is good, but the little corn muffins are fantastic.  They taste like cake to me, but they are fine, fluffy and absolutely fabulous.  Our butter was also served at a perfectly spreadable temperature.Let's move to the food.  Review point #3: awesome food prepared with great care.  The amuse bouche was a nice touch - ours was a prawn (mini-) taco that was as adorable as it was delicious.  For appetizers, my wife had a chilled tomato soup with a BLT flatbread (great bacon), while I went for the yellowtail and crab roll.  The roll wasn't really a roll (think 4-6 fish sashimi bites each wrapped around crab dip) but it worked great with the bits of pickled cucumber - great dish.  Our entrees too were really good.  My wife went for the signature Cabernet Braised Beef Shortribs, which seem to melt on the plate when you so much as look at them.  I had a pork schnitzel with a fried egg on top over mashed potatoes and lots of locally sourced greens.  One might think given the location, higher price point and commitment to quality that Market is really fancy-pants.  Sure, there are some fancy patrons (lots of ridiculous cars) but the interior and mood are really comfortable.  Great restaurant.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,5/23/2013,127,338,5,8,7>After searching and searching and going back and forth....I've found my new salon. Absolutely NO disrespect to my prior Carlsbad gal - I still HIGHLY recommend her - but she's out on maternity leave so I ventured out into the scary world of finding someone yet again. Driving into the work/live loft development I was a bit thrown off - but once you're prepared for that it's easy-peasy. EVERYONE here is amazing. I'd called the day or two before to get in - told them I'd found them on Yelp (thanks you guys) and I was in the books to meet with Natalie. I walked in the open garage door to find the simple but open and very cool salon - and was immediately greeted by Roxy - who totally rocks. She was awesome, super friendly and cool (the kind of girl I always wish I could be) - she showed me around the salon and gave me the low down on how things play out there and where to get changed and lock up my purse if I desired (little locker room in the bathroom). Then I met Natalie and she was as awesome as I hoped she'd be. I had brought in some pictures of the color I was going for and we discussed pricing and all the other details BEFORE we got started - so nice to know! They do have prices on their website so I had a faint idea - but then I got an awesome "btw...new client special" and I was relieved and excited to get this party started. We moved over to the "Color Bar" - where everything is out in the open. They don't disappear into some "back room" to make your color - you may not understand but they are doing everything out in the open in front of you so you can see what's happening. They are also a true TEAM here. They discuss and confer with each other BEFORE mixing to get opinions and double-check that it'll turn out right. The Shampoo - it's definitely the best shampoo ever. It's a shampoo/condition but also a full head and down to the shoulders massage. Oh heaven - can I just pop in and get my hair washed? We discussed how to handle the trim and my bangs etc, and she went to work. My hair hasn't felt this light, free, and healthy in a long time. Perhaps because I hadn't gotten it done in like (GAH) 4 months. The hair dryers hang above your head like little floating angels and with the help of their guardian angels they make magic happen. Everyone has been trained the same - which A: if you can't meet up with your  normal stylist for some reason ALL notes and products used etc are in the computer so you'll still never go wrong and B: other team members will just jump in and help. At one stage Justin jumped in and started to help and there were two talented artists blow drying my hair - talk about feeling special. Natalie also talked me through how she did some of the curls and showed me how I can duplicate (in layman terms) the look and the other questions I had. My hair is red and fabulous yet again! I've rambled on long enough - I think I've made my point....if not - GO HERE and be amazed...They've only been in Carlsbad a year in April but I would say they are definitely here to stay. Everyone is friendly and utterly awesome.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,5/22/2013,92,515,2,8,3>we love our chinchillas & our chinchilla lady Lurlie!  we get all of our supplies from here, please don't got to Petco or Petsmart for your chinchilla needs.. they are not good!  in fact, once I couldn't make it the the ranch & had to get some food from Petco because our chinchillas were out of food and they wouldn't even eat it! And we go to Lurlie when they're sick too because the vets are pretty much clueless when it comes to our babies... they consider them 'exotic' & charge you an arm & a leg to tell you they're not sure what they can do for them :/  anyway, if you are looking to get a chinchilla, this is the place to get yours!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,5/21/2013,16,48,9,20,4>It is my pleasure to finally write this review now that i don't work here anymore.having worked at this establishment for 3 years 7 months I have seen and been a part of everything that goes down here.and while writing this review I'm just going to be brutally honest.A little background on me, I was a white kid who worked there, usually hung over but still fairly nice to our customers, especially the regulars.Maybe you've seen me, I liked to joke with customers.I've traveled the world and I've eaten food from all walks of life,that being said I'm not a picky eater nor do i care how my food is prepared, so long as its good.That being said, everything, and i mean EVERYTHING besides the potstickers is made in house at the Great Wok.from the peeling and de-vaining of every shrimp, to hand rolled egg rolls and cream cheese wontons.What comes along with home made meals also comes old school preparations.Personally, when working there, I would still eat there knowing the guys in the back don't wash their hands, drop food sometimes; put it back, and dont exactly follow a certain health codes to the the book. That's something I never really cared about because I don't believe in the A-C grading structure of an establishment that sells food. I believe the free market should decide what is good and what isn't.There is MSG in your food if you eat here no doubt about it, But MSG is actually good and makes food taste better, so what about the health risks if any. most seasonings in your cabinets at home have monosodium glutamate in it...This Place puts out AMERICANIZED chinese food...basically really salty and sweet...for the price you really can't beat what your getting, especially for lunch.so basically,just eat here, your gonna like it. occasionally you may find stuff in your food, but where doesn't that happen..p.s. if you don't finish your rice they will set it aside to make large batches of frie d rice later :pbut that's what fried rice is anyway, day old rice.theres so much more that i would love to divulge but i just cant haha,oh the things i've seen go down here.have you seen the movie "Waiting"?PEACE!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,5/20/2013,137,212,2,5,2>I am a fan. This is a great place to get both Swedish and Deep Tissue Massages. I have been to several places for massages and I think this place is great. If you add them on facebook, they offer great deals and keep you up to date on their specials or any special happenings. They have classes that you make your own non-toxic cleaning supplies and classes to customize your own nutrition plan. They also have deals from the UT--for instance, 15 dollars for a 30 min massage. Totally well worth it. :)
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,5/19/2013,246,282,11,9,8>"Sir, we think you have stick explosives and coiled wire in your airport carry-on..." said the TSA agent at SFO."Good God No! It's frozen Italian sausages and fresh linguine from my favorite San Francisco Italian deli [AG Ferrari]"  I replied laughing as my bag went through the x-ray. "I can't find any fresh pasta places where I live in North County.""Still, we have to now give you a 'Secondary Screening'." FML. With that I freaking almost missed my weekly flight home to San Diego, sigh. Ever since that incident a few months ago I dug my heels in and made a firm commitment to finally try to find Rosanna's. All of my friends in the surfing line-up rave about this place but its whereabouts eluded me. So they're located in a strip mall, in Von's shopping center. I've driven by it scores of times but my car navigation could never pinpoint exactly where Rosanna's is. What can I say? My "male sense of direction" sucks sometimes!Walked in an was warmly greeted by the girl at the counter. OMG, they have wine, fresh pasta, fresh sauces, sandwiches, full on meals, tiramisu, and...GELATO!!!I, want, it, ALL!!!I ordered three, yes three sandwiches (I just finished surfing, never walk into an Italian deli when you're hungry)-The "Caprese with Prosciutto" was divine. just the right balance of salty, fresh tomatoes/basil, and nicely chewy. LOVED the hot Eggplant Parmesan sandwich! When eggplant is overcooked it becomes "rubbery". Rosanna's was cooked tender and PERFECTLY!!! I'm always skeptical about warm sandwiches that have tomato sauce on them because they tend to become soggy and I'm happy to report that  mine remained al dente because it wasn't overloaded with sauce.  The "Italian Combo" was truly excellent! It had just the right about of cheese, cold cuts, tomatoes, and lettuce to balance all the flavors. So, when I got home I took a knife, cut away all the bite marks, and told my beloved that I scored an "Italian Sandwich Tasting Flight" as my TGIF surprise (once a dog, always a dog). I also brought home Roseanna's fresh fettuccine, spinach linguine, and angel hair pasta, marinara sauce, and a couple of their desserts. The awesome girl at the counter wrote the suggested cooking times on each bag of pasta! I mean, how cool is that?! It's gonna be a carbo loading kinda weekend but there's a new surfing swell predicted next week so I'll need my energy!  Most of all I'm glad that the agents at the airport aren't going to consider me to be a terrorist for my weekly flights home to SoCal because I can now find the same truly EXCELLENT Italian goodness in my own backyard. Rock ON Roseanna's!!!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,5/18/2013,157,368,2,3,2>I came to Trine because of a great Groupon deal for Shellac manicures.  Trine's station is inside Linda's hair & nail salon in a strip mall in Solana Beach (upstairs, above the dry cleaner).  Trine is very friendly, but doesn't force small talk if it's not your thing (like me).  I've had 3 shellac manicures so far, and all of them have turned out great.  I'm planning to go back for a regular manicure next visit, and will definitely be back after that.The facility is very clean and she uses quality products.  She also has evening and weekend appointments, which is a huge plus for me. I'm not someone who always gets her nails done, but this will be my go to place for special occasions.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,5/17/2013,151,656,,4,2>Finally, some good Chinese food in North County! Rumor on the street is Spicy King has the same owner as Spicy City in Convoy, so that's always a good indicator.The Dan Dan noodles may have been the best I've ever had, and that's coming from someone who has had a lot of Dan Dan noodles. I think what made this one stand out was the thick and rich peanutiness of the sauce, and that the sauce wasn't just poured on top of the noodles, but instead, the noodles were piled on the sauce. The Chef's green bean special was also awesome. It was ridiculously salty and flavorful. I could eat all of this on my own, and I'm not even a big fan of green beans.The dishes that were not so memorable: green onion pancake (meh, not particularly fluffy, probably was the frozen kind that you get from Ranch 99), super spicy chicken (which really wasn't spicy at all- just popcorn chicken with lots of peppers that you could easily avoid), and the twice cooked pork (way too fatty for me).
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/21/2014,460,744,5,15,10>Daiso Japan, as one of my closest friends told me, is like a 99 Cent Store... but better!  Think cheap imported Japanese goodies that retail for mostly $1.50 (they go as high as $10) but way nicer items.Located in the former Tuesday Morning location in Mira Mesa, today is opening day - and the line to get in is extending past the entrance to H Mart!Once inside, the store was very clean and organized - it appears Daiso deals mostly in housewares, basic footwear, and a small selection of basic grocery items.  While they do have those ramune sodas (the drinks where you have to slam a glass marble to open the bottle), they don't carry Pocky snacks (and come to think of it, Hello Kitty merch was rare as well).  I did pick up some snacks, a ramune soda, a scarf for my gal, and a musubi press for myself.Additionally, not only was there a raffle for an iPad Mini, a Keurig machine, a Dyson vacuum, or gift cards, they were also giving away gift bags containing a pack of noodle snacks, cookies, and a bottle of tea with your proof of purchase.  And, there were taiko drummers celebrating the opening of the store - nice touch!Great prices and a fun selection... definitely a worthy successor to the Tuesday Morning location!  But, with Daiso, H-Mart, Paris Baguette, AND In-N-Out in the same area, parking in that mall is going to be all sorts of cray-cray...
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/20/2014,1307,1136,8,11,9>My husband came here without me for lunch one day so the next day, he asked if I wanted to come here for date night. I said "yes! of course!" I'll never turn down sushi, are you kidding me? We got here at 6pm and there was a wait, of about 45 minutes instead of the 30 they told us, but that's ok. My husband went in to ask why another couple who arrived after us was getting seated before us so they seated us immediately at the bar. It's usually where we sit when we're here anyway. To start, I had the tempura vegetables and my husband had the tempura udon soup. It was all really good, the tempura udon soup had to be packed to go since there was a generous amount and my husband wanted to save his stomach for sushi. We got the blue cali, spicy yellowtail, tazmanian devil. el diablo and dragon roll. The tazmanian devil roll was my favorite (or was it the el diablo?). My lemonade was always refilled before I could finish. My husband's beer (fat bastard or some weird name like that) was a generous bottle size! Of course, I drove home because of this. :)For dessert, my husband really wanted the peppermint ice cream, but they were out so I got the creme brulee to share with him. It was a nice, relaxing night at the restaurant. It died down around 7:30 so we were able to talk and not feel like we were yelling. Also, they had basketball on tv, so we got to enjoy the game while we ate. I forgot how much I liked this place, definitely worth coming back to.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/19/2014,118,337,2,9,7>If you're going to spend a lot of money and expect to be full, you should come here. My fellow foodie and I came here based on his recommendation. He came during restaurant week and had a wonderful meal. The valet - it is complimentary. The staff is very polite and friendly. They were quick to greet us and bring our car around. Don't forget to tip them :) The hostess - polite. Friendly. The waitstaff - very on top of everything. Our water glasses were never empty. They were polite and good about checking on us every so often without disturbing our meal. The decor - simple and elegant, the ceiling lights make it feel christmas-y. I'm not too big of a fan of the low ceilings though, but I admit it is more cozy.The food - We started off with the blue cheese souffle that came with a side salad. The souffle was delicious! Rich and creamy and cooked to perfection. I really have no complaints about this. The presentation was nice too. Click to see photos.I ordered the rack of lamb, which is cooked medium rare. You get about 4 pieces, with mashed potatoes, squash and some extra pieces of lamb. Really really tender. The vegetables were cooked well. Tender enough to bite, but not soggy. The mashed potatoes was a good portion, not too much to weigh you down, but enough for the taste. The drink -i ordered a gin blossom. Quite an interesting taste. Cucumber, elderflower liqueur, and some vodka I believe? Strong enough to taste the alcohol but not to overpower the cucumber and elderflower/ginger taste. I admit, the chunks of cucumber in my drink were a bit weird, but it's nice to be different. The dessert - We actually didnt' order anything because we were just SO stuffed, but the poppy seed cake sounded really good. Their dessert menu isn't all that "special". There were more after dinner drinks than appealing desserts. Please don't down-rate this restaurant because of the prices. They deserve full honest reviews! You're coming to this restaurant for the food, WELL AWARE that it is pricey.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,5/18/2014,152,326,4,6,5>Thank you Trish for mentioning this place in the weekly newsletter.  What a find!We tried the shrimp ceviche-- fresh, tasty, nice portion size. Just what ceviche should taste like. (In fact, much better than the pricey La Costa Resort restaurant) Also had a couple street tacos- one marlin and one spicy shrimp with a side of beans and rice.The location looks a bit odd- it appears to be an old Del Taco that was revamped.  There is seating inside and they use real plates and utensils and provide service at the table, so it's technically not a fast food joint like what it looks like.Will be back soon!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,5/17/2014,125,417,1,5,5>Since I was to be dining alone I wanted to be able to eat in peace so I found Lotus. The staff is friendly and the menu is definitely healthy. This is a great place for people with dietary restrictions. I ordered the Cobb with ranch (no restrictions here!) and it was made with really fresh ingredients. Service is a minimum here so don't come expecting to be waited on. Overall I would recommend Lotus Cafe to everyone and look forward to coming back!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,5/16/2014,63,88,3,9,6>I have been here for acupuncture with Amy Rogers-Cavender. During my very first visit she was very nice and walked me through what she was going to do step by step. She showed me the needles, what she was going to do, etc. Then before inserting each needle she would warn me and explain, "ok this one is going to sting", "now this one is going to feel achy" and everything she said was exactly how it felt. The feeling only lasts about 5 seconds and then it goes away. I left my first appointment feeling like I had just had an intense deep tissue massage and my back pain was gone for about 5 days. I went back a week later and felt so amazing afterwards. I felt like I had a deep tissue massage and was so relaxed. Every visit has felt so great. Now the feeling lasts long and I am going to see her once every 3 weeks and my back pain is a level 2 on the worst days when in the past it was a level 10. Even though i've been restrained 8 year olds almost daily at work I haven't experienced back pain the way I used to in the past ever since I began acupuncture. Amy is great at what she does, she makes you feel very comfortable, is very professional, and all the other great things you expect from a 5 star review. I get so excited now whenever it's my acupuncture day! I've been telling everyone I know about her and how great acupuncture is.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,5/15/2014,224,171,5,10,7>This place is the nicest Lexus dealer I have ever been to! With the fabulous Vintana restaurant right on top, to the generous bar (serves coffee, pasteries, etc..) to happy, smiling Salesperson. I came in on a Saturday night, looking to trade in my car for a new car. Rob did a great job and the best of his ability to give us a great deal on a brand new car, and yes that same night we drove it off the lot. On top of that we were given a 20 dollar voucher to try the fabulous Vintana (that will be in another review) while we wait for the papers to be finalized. All in all, I will be back for my services, to enjoy the complimentary espresso bar, pasteries etc.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,5/14/2014,72,21,4,9,5>What's cooler than being a musician? A Pirate!! This venue looks like you're inside a freaking ship, with a wooden structure and a shark with glowing red eyes hanging from the ceiling!Venue - By far the best sounding venue in San Diego. Smaller, holds about 600, but even on a weekday, I've seen this place get packed! I've noticed the closer you are to the stage, the harder it is to hear the  vocals. But all the seats and standing room has a great view of the stage!! Crowd - Arrr ye maties, get ready for a smashing good time. You can go to chill or go to rock out. The general age group was mid-late 20's and up up and away....if you know what I mean....and that was for a reggae show....at midnight. To Pahk De Khar - For a smaller show, get there early to park in the back or the street. For a bigger show, just park at the train station.Beverages - Not too shabby with a selection, Sculpin, West Coast, Stone IPA and the regular booboo beer...about $8 a pint. I'd get there early and find parking then walk around the corner to Pizza Port for something super scrumpious!! Definitely my favorite venue in SD! So grab your eye patches and dancing shoes and have a great time!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/13/2014,258,9,5,6,5>This is my all time favorite Mexican food restaurant. While my review may be a little biased because I am a local of Encinitas, I can truthfully say I've given many Southern California and Arizona Mexican restaurants a chance and nothing compares!  My personal favorite is the California burrito (warning May cause a food-gasm).  If you happen to be anywhere near Encinitas this small shop on the side of the 101 is a MUST.  I promise you that you will not regret it
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,5/12/2014,140,129,10,7,6>So my wife talked me into letting her "Stylist" cut my hair, being an adventurous chap I gave the ole College try and boy was I pleased.I told Chelsea to do what she thought would suit me best but not be too trendy and closed my eyes,  When I opened them I had a new do that suited my asian round face and was fashionable appropriate for the times! I left feeling nice, clean and ready to take on the world with my new cut.It wasn't till a few days later that I realized what Chelsea had done for me, that week I've never gotten more looks of desire or bedroom eyes in my life!  Even my wife shot me a few double takes, SCORE!  Now most of the most of the gleams indicating a fire burning in the "Loin" area were from dudes, and that's cool but not my cup of tea, but the ones that came from the opposite sex were definitely "dirty" in nature and had me feeling like Don Juan De Marco! Needless to say Chelsea will be cutting my hair from now on and I will gladly continue to be the "Fabio" in so many ladies dreams each time I get a new cut!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/19/2014,127,338,4,5,4>I am SO happy I found this place to get Petunia's nails grinded! If you saw my previous and horrible experience at Petsmart you'd know why I was sniffing around for a new spot. Well these guys are awesome! Super nice and efficient. I'd called last month to find out if I needed an appointment for the nail grind (you don't) and was told I could come anytime they're open. I've now been twice and Sandy is super sweet and on top of things. She's calm and patient and takes maybe 3 minutes and the agony is over. The cost is $10, $1 less than Petsmart, the drive is more enjoyable and shorter, and the gentle and caring nature that they offer is the perfect icing on the biscuit. They'll offer to trim in the back or out front and let you be present or not. Easy and stress free. They have a little shop with some treats and food if you want to add some more spoilage to your pooch. So relieved I found Sandy and Absolute Pawfection - their name says it all!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/18/2014,95,170,3,8,6>I have visited Harrah's several times now, and every time was for a Yelp event or perk. Clearly they want to earn a better reputation online, and I applaud their efforts!I agree with Trish when she said it feels a bit like Vegas. There is everything you want in one place for a staycation: hotel rooms with great views, casino, quick food, sit down food, white table cloth food, a spa, a Starbucks, bars, of course the fabulous pool area, and other comfie lounge areas. It's all up to date and feels so chic.All of the employees I encountered were smiling, helpful and courteous. They really seemed to enjoy their jobs. I have some coupons to use for a future visit that I can't wait to make use of!Thanks Harrah's! Makes losing money in the casino hurt a little less ;)
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/17/2014,132,184,7,6,7>What can you say about pizza port? The beers selection is one of the best around: Great guest beers that cover a huge variety of styles and house beers that have won tons of awards.The food is great. I love me some double baked wings. They're crispy on the outside while still being moist and flavorful on the inside. Their salads are and quite ample, even the smaller sized ones.Of course you gotta talk about the pizza. They've got a good selection of pies ranging from standard/normal to their more creative and inventive "Anti-Wimpy Gourmet Pizzas." I'm a fan of the Pizza Monterey.I'll give Pizza Port 4.5 stars, but there are often times it's so busy, you can't find a seat. That's the only issue I have with this awesome, classic North County spot.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,8/16/2014,134,129,6,7,6>When I went through and read the Yelp reviews for Taverna Blu I wasn't sure how it would be. However, it was really good! There were lots of options with different price ranges. I got one of the express plates with a lamb kebob, veggies, and pita for 10 dollars. Lamb can either be really good or maybe not so good from my experience but I found that the lamb at Taverna Blu was yummy and flavorful! It had lemon with a blend of spices that made me wish I had two kebobs. The veggies were also good (a little bit underdone). I didn't mind that they were a little underdone since I am a fan of crunchier veggies but I know other people who wouldn't have enjoyed them because of it. We also got an order of the feta fries that were sooooo tasty. The fries were at a happy medium between crispy and a little bit softer. They had a good amount of salt and feta on them. Delicious! I could have just eaten fries. We also got the dolmas which were good but would have been nicer if they had more than just rice inside. We sat on the patio which was perfect and wonderful (they gave us an option of patio or inside). I can imagine it'll be even nicer during the summer. The restaurant inside had beautiful wood features and lighting that would make for a nice dinner.Most importantly I want to mention the staff. When I went to the restaurant I went with my sister, brother-in-law, and nephew. The staff were so very sweet with my nephew. They engaged him, were kind and courteous, and made us feel very welcome with the little guy. This is not always the case at different restaurants. I couldn't appreciate the staff at Taverna Blu's attitude more. Additionally, the waiter was very professional and timely with the orders.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,8/15/2014,307,470,5,10,5>I got this hairy madness under control with the help of Elizabeth, a super sweet and no-nonsense waxing specialist here. It was by far the least painful waxing experience I've ever had, and I've gotten waxed at many different places around SD. When you get a full bikini wax, you can choose to take all the hair off, or leave some hair in pretty shapes: a landing strip (a thin line), or a triangle. Neat-o!After waxing, Elizabeth tweezed a few stray hairs still left. She's a take-no-prisoners kind of gal.Excellent service at front desk, too. Other reviewers mentioned crazy hardcore sales approach but I didn't experience that. The front desk girl was sweet and no pressure with me. I did go ahead and get a package!I recommend the European Wax Center in Encinitas too: yelp.com/biz/european-wa
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/14/2014,120,143,4,7,6>Drinking and driving is bad, no doubt, but NC Tavern and Bowl taught me that bowling and drinking are a perfectly acceptable combination!Very modern feel, I think the skull and crossbones adaptation with bowling pins is an accurate representation of this place: spunky, fun, badass.Not your typical bowling alley! None of that musty, outdated stuff. From the shoe pickup, to the bar area, to the alley area itself, T+B is contemporary goodness. Micro-brew meets bowling meets gourmet cooking, minus the overwhelming price tag.They just revamped their menu to include all in-house items: we're talking delectable eats and tasty brewskis all prepared from scratch! Had the pleasure of testing out the newness and was not disappointed with a single thing that I sampled! Favorites of mine included: Pulled Pork Mac n Cheese (bomb diggity!) and the margarita pizza (on point!)While there aren't an insane amount of lanes like one would expect from the usual bowling alley, Tavern and Bowl makes up for with their comfortable lounge areas next to their lanes. None of those uncomfortable, dingy, plastic chairs! It was the most lavish bowling experience that I've ever had, relaxing on leather chairs (booth style) nestled under warm wood (possibly laminate) tables waiting for my turn to throw a lovely gutter ball...errr....bowl the winning strike!Staff makes for an awesome experience too. They know their stuff and are excited to give you food suggestions and make your visit worthwhile! If you're lucky, you'll get help from Torri and Tiffany: those ladies go above and beyond to provide top notch service!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,8/13/2014,189,471,4,11,9>The customer service is...well, you just can't beat it.I wish I knew who served us because he totally made my day.Picture this:You drop your car off for an oil change.  You have your almost 4 year old and 11 month old in tow...and you've PROMISED your kiddo a slice of pizza while waiting for the car.We had to wait for them to open, so about 10 minutes.  We order, he warms the pizza up, tells me the price (3.00).  I place my Amex on the counter...and Murphy's Law...they don't take Amex.  I had no other cards on me, no cash...and well...here's whats went down....Worker: Is this for your son?Me: YesWorker: I got it.  It's on the house.He grabs the pizza from the oven, cuts it in half, and my son was so happy.Of course, it doesn't stop there. I told the guy I would be back in a few hours to pay for it.  GOOD DEEDS NEVER GO UNNOTICED!!!!  I did return to pay for it- and telling him that eating pizza there was the only thing that went right in my entire morning.  Nothing aligned properly, kids were crazy...  As we're leaving, my pizza loving son is OBSESSED with one of the toy machines, but we simply cannot stop to play.  Guess who catches us as we're walking out to give him one of those big toy balls?  And he says..."I had an extra one in the back".Good karma is being sent your way, super nice guy at Massachusetts Mike!!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,8/12/2014,14,123,4,9,6>Riddle me this batman....a view of Escondido from a restaurant on top of a dealership? Well it works! LocationI remember going to a Escondido Chamber event before it was Restaurant...I heard Ruth's Steak House was coming but this was a better option. RestaurantThis place has it all. A bar for those who want to relax, an outside area to enjoy the SoCal weather and indoors with a large windows to enjoy the view. FoodI appreciate the menu. The food is of quality and showmanship. From the filet to the shrimp cocktail this place fits my style....
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,8/11/2014,408,486,5,8,6>Jake's deserves five stars for the view alone. Who doesn't enjoy a gorgeous, panoramic view of the sun sinking into the Pacific Ocean? I recently visited Jake's for date night and was amazed that I've lived in Del Mar for three years and yet to step foot into this restaurant. My date and I were immediately led to a gorgeous crescent shaped booth that overlooked the ocean.We started with a couple glasses of wine, the Kung Fu Girl Riesling, to be exact. I like my wine sweet and although it's not quite moscato-level of sweetness, it was quite good. I have to admit that I'm a picky eater and my first glance at the menu made me a little nervous. There is a lot of "fancy" food and I'm typically a steak and potato kind of girl. But ultimately, we ended up selecting a few of the "safer" options. We started with a bowl of seafood chowder, which in addition to clams included salmon and other fish, and an Artisan Romaine salad, which was a fancy way of saying Caesar. Since the waitress knew we were splitting the dishes, she kindly informed the kitchen to plate and portion our food separately and we received two bowls of soups and two salads. The chowder had a delicious flavor and, as a big fan of salmon chowder, I loved this enhanced version. The salad was nothing special though.After a slight communication error, my date ordered the BBQ ribs for an appetizer. We briefly discussed what kind of meat they were but I didn't get to the point of the conversation (that I don't eat pork) fast enough and the waitress came back and took our order. He seemed to enjoy the ribs though. :)For our entree, we split the Surfing Steak, which included a 5 oz. New York steak and shrimp atop truffle mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach and sweet cream corn. It was as close to steak and potatoes as we could find on the menu. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was absolutely delicious. The mashed potatoes and sweet cream corn were also flavorful. I'm not a fan of spinach so I quietly brushed that off to the side of my plate but everything else was superb!I'd definitely recommend Jake's for a date night. It's sure to impress!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,8/10/2014,79,93,6,5,5>Describing this restaurant's caliber using such a word as its eponymous moniker is overkill, but truthfully they do a fantastic job.  Located in the heart of equestrian Del Mar - off the beaten path and in a rather inauspicious location if its former tenants are any indication (Though I'm hardly mourning the loss of Tommy V's), Sublime offers a reliable Saturday night dinner in a friendly atmosphere that seems to make everyone happy.  It is bright and cheery, casual yet sophisticated and comfortable, and it has a ton of space and a wonderful view of the polo fields.  It is neither tavern nor restaurant - it's somewhere in between.  It's a "San Diego Pub" - delicious gastronomical fare, both healthy and sinful, with the world's most extensive beer selection in a sunny place at a price that doesn't make your wallet howl in pain.  Indeed, compared with its sister location in San Marcos, Sublime Tavern is laid back, relaxed, and only mildly active - much more of a pleasantly quiet escape than a bar scene.  Although I've enjoyed a few visits over the past year, I most recently found myself dining here with a friend after determining we wanted to eat something light and simple.  Despite being part of a community marked by everyone and their mother trying to go gourmet to varying degrees of success, Sublime manages to create beautiful food without funky flavors.  The duck wings are a delightful starter - sticky honey glaze accented with orange flavors and a VERY slight spicy kick from a chinese mustard, they are mild and flavorful.  The Hawaiian Burger proved a perfect pairing with this wonderful opening; cooked to medium rare (for once) with the bacon liberally piled atop marinated pineapple, and accompanied by shoestring fries on the side, the burger was a worthy entree.  My friend, aside from my giving him a hard time about it, loved his glazed salmon as well.  On a separate visit I sampled a few macaroni and cheese dishes, and being sort of a connoseiur I was pleasantly surprised.  The "Serendipity" with its roasted garlic and chicken, was savory and quite conservative, yet effective,  in its deployment of garlic as was the "Sublime," which adds mushrooms and red onion, along with Parmesan.The staff is young and friendly, smiling constantly and always checking on you to see if you need anything.  They seem to command an extensive knowledge of their lager menu, impressing even my beer connoisseur of a friend with their pairing knowledge.  If I ever decide to go down the beer road I guess this is the place where I would start.I'm a little concerned for the future, as all of my visits (all on Saturday nights) have found this place to be as dead as Scalini's and Tommy V's were.  Perhaps this has something to do with location, parking, or overpriced rental rates.  Maybe they make up for the difference during the fair season?  We shall see.  In the meantime, Sublime is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,2/24/2013,1299,698,10,12,12>Strangely, this restaurant fell off my radar. I recently revisited with friends and was nicely reminded about how great the visit was the first time, years ago.  True to memory, this trip was satisfying as well.  Specifically, we were in the Ocean Bar - not the restaurant.  Despite, the rainy weather, the restaurant portion would otherwise enjoy the greater view of the Pacific horizon.  Excellent for dates or nice dinners.For your short term memory, if there's anything to remember: You must remember that it's Happy Hour ALL NIGHT on Mondays and Tuesdays which are at least $1.00 off on the bar items (although you can still order from the main menu without the HH special) among other fine eats and drinks.I should state they pride themselves on being a vodka bar, yet I had whiskey instead at happy hour prices. A round of vodka oyster shooters and a plate of oysters were favored by all.  In fact, the next round of vodka oyster shooters were stronger in vodka, pepper, and tabasco - and maybe some sriracha mixed in.  Any hair on my tongue was prompty depilitated (that means, hair removal).The blackened fish taco was delicious.  A buddy enojoyed the grilled burger ($8.50) which had caramelized onions, saga cheese, horseradish aioli.  Another bud had the ahi tuna tartar which had avocado, mango, wasabi crème fraiche, cucumber and sesame cracker for $9.00.I showed up with 2 friends spending about $60 each for Happy Hour.  Honestly, this is misleading when I start talking about Happy Hour and end up really talking about spending as much for a nice dinner. That said, PDM HH is not a cheap "Taco Tuesday" affair. However, given how and what I eat and drink typically, yeah, I wasn't surprised of what I spent. Good times.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,2/23/2013,47,82,3,6,4>I absolutely love Middle Eastern food, but unfortunately,  am not too knowledgeable about the distinctions amongst Middle Eastern cultures.  This has to change ASAP.  Case in point--I was kind of expecting a huge circular naan plate but they have smaller pieces of bread here.I do, however, fully endorse Afghan food.I ordered the spicy Chicken curry, and adore the Basmati rice and all its deliciousness.  Tried the sambosas and lentil dip.  I really love the chutney here!!!!I'd say don't be afraid and turned off walking into this huge restaurant and being the only customer in there.  It's happened to me both times I've come here and has left me completely flabbergasted.  Also, the owner is really nice/helpful for newbies to Afghan food  Will definitely be back!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/22/2013,61,96,3,6,3>We had Perfect fit measure and install shutters in our home.  We went with the composite (Sunland I think) shutters and they look awesome--we're really happy with them.  They just add so much to the house. More importantly, Matt and Rex were great guys and super easy to deal with.  I didn't really shop around on price--I'd had a couple people I knew who got (relatively high) estimates around town and felt the quote I got was about where I expected based on their experiences.  Service-wise, they went the extra mile for us--one of the shutters they ordered didn't wrap around our faucet properly--so they had the shutter sent back and remade to get it right without me having to request anything or make demands, and didn't ask for payment for the job until the last shutter was in.  Overall I was very impressed and wouldn't hesitate to recommend these guys.  Shutters are worth the money and these guys are a great option.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,2/21/2013,153,253,3,7,4>The place is small, the bartenders are personable, and the burgers are outstanding.  What more could you want from a local dive??The have a ribeye special on Sunday and sushi on Monday.  They have two pool tables and a small, outdoor firepit area.  Parking is close, but there's generally enough to fit everyone since the place is so tiny.The burgers take a little while, but you can call ahead and take them to go if you'd like.  Cash only, come prepared.TOTALLY worth it.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/20/2013,226,131,2,4,2>Gourmet meets RB!Both my husband and I were excited about this new addition to RB, and being URGE fans, we had hopeful expectations. This place is a gourmet deli/goods shop with a twist of wine/beer additions. As of right now they are still working on acquiring their liquor license, but they currently offer other interesting bottled beverages like Henry's Rootbeer, Republic Iced Teas, fruity sodas, and more. The deli area has unique choices of meat and cheese sold fresh by the lb. Their goods include gourmet olive oils, balsamic vinegars, crackers, jams, spreads, dried fruit/nuts, honey comb, and cheese utensils. Please note these are gourmet items, so prices are high. My husband and I ate lunch here. I had the grilled cheese of the day, which was a mild cheese Pare Vuccin-something or other... with a walnut spread. And my husband had the PLT which is Provisions version of a BLT and today's soup, tomato. The food was an average-ok portion size, but fresh and delicious. The bottled beverages were priced fair, around $2.50, and a cup of soup was $2, a good deal....but the sandwiches, while tasty, were priced, in my opinion, on the higher side, $10 for a full sandwich alone, no side/chips. For lunch, two drinks, two cups of soup, and 2 sandwiches = $31- something...On one hand, I do understand why they have higher prices, likely because of the "gourmet products" used to create the sandwiches, example, pricier meats/cheese and spreads... BUT... I think by slightly reducing their prices or offering a "lunch special" they could really extend to a broader audience and the local community. Since this business is new, it looks like they may be adding and experimenting with what Brothers Provisions will offer in the future which is good news for fans like me who hope they will do well in RB. Bottom line because of the pricing, I can't see myself coming here on a regular basis sadly.... but this place could be a nice treat every once and a while.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/19/2013,168,420,3,5,6>I heard about Camp Run a Muck through a coworker and thought doggie day camp would be perfect for little munchkin since I'm always working.The check in process is questionable at first (at least when I saw the sign on the door I was questioning it), but it makes sense.  You leave your dog in the car while you go inside to check them in.  Once they're checked in you hop back in your car and drive to the back of camp where you can drop him off.  The staff will radio one another so they know when someone's coming.  I was a little sad dropping him off, but he was so excited he started to piddle and cry with excitement that it made me happy. You can also bring food/treats to leave with them as well.  Day camp is $32 with the drop off time as soon as 7 am and the latest pick up at 6pm.Although there is grass - they play area is mostly dirt so expect a dirty dog when you pick them up.  They brush them down before pick up though so they're not entirely dirty - but be prepared to give them a bath once they get home.  My white westie came home a little 'tan' I guess you could say :)  They also have a pool here as well.On a side note, I felt like I was entering the country side when driving into this place.. dirt roads, tiny one-way bridges to cross over, a small river.. I did not feel like I was in San Diego!  The girls are perky and friendly.  There are lots of quality toys and treats at reasonable prices.  The toys here are way better & more durable than most toys at chains like Petco/Petsmart.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/18/2013,959,909,3,7,5>This is inside H Mart. I came here on their grand opening and wanted to try their baked goods. I couldn't believe that they had caneles! I've been wanting to try this for a while, but they are only available at the bakeries in LA. It's a small "bakery" that had a lot yummy looking pastries. I grabbed a tray and my bf also picked a few items and the fresh cream loaf of bread- it was so soft! We tried some today and it was delicious! The other stuff we bought was also really good- I'm definitely coming back to try out their other pastries and cakes. The workers also look cute in their french berets. :)
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,2/16/2013,423,487,4,7,6>Great food, great service, great ambiance....* Half off bottles of wine on mondays!This places seems like it will be all fancy shmancy with its modern decor and dim lighting but you would be fine dressy or casual.  A lot of free parking in the lot and street.The place was pretty full when we arrived on a thursday night.  We were about 30 minutes early for our reservation so we chilled at the spacious bar till our friends came.  We were greeted warmly by the bartender and he made me one of the better tasting mojitos I've ever had.The menu has a great variety of food ranging from salads, pastas, burgers, seafood, and meaty/chicken dishes.  The 6 of us ordered different entrees and enjoyed everything.  I don't remember what everyone ordered but the chicken pot pie, homemade meatloaf, wild fennel orecchiette, and bistro ahi tartare were fabulous.  Prices were reasonable and portions were beyond enough.    Great spot in NorCo!*Doesn't hurt that I won a gift card from them during their olympic picture competition this past July ;-)  Thanks Bistro West!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,2/15/2013,163,290,5,6,5>Finally a restaurant that does Tom Kai Gai soup better than mine! I am so excited since the version I make takes hours! Extremely right on Thai food. Their curries are delicious as well. I love the decor, and the wood branch wall sculptors on their walls. It is a small place and there may be a wait some nights. I do take out when it is crowded and they are true to the word when they say it will take 15 minutes.I am so happy I have found this place and frequently visit  now.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,2/14/2013,168,440,6,7,4>I've been coming here for years and never thought about reviewing the place?  I used to come here all the time, and when I mean all the time I would come here "just for dinner" and hope that the burger and fries combo didn't cost me over a $100.PRO's*Action - The best poker action within a 45 mile radius. Get on a fun table with talkative people and you'll stay longer just to hear the wisecracks.*Food - Where else can you have a burger and fries for $3? Honey Garlic Chicken is pretty popular too. They also have good dinner specials for those that want a full dinner with dessert.*Black Jack available - Not as good as the local Indian casino's, but at least its there if you want to play.CON's*Bad Beats - Don't cry when your K-K gets cracked by a 8-9 suited because you slow played them on a $1-2 No Limit table.  It happens, it's a drag, but suck it up. But I promise you'll keep coming back for more.*Close to Home - I used to be here 2-3 days a week, so that has to be a con right?  Right?Fun place to spend any night of the week if you're into poker, and you can get a bite to eat too.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/25/2012,327,309,6,13,9>MUCH RESPECT to this small locally owned business for kickin' it old school! Menu? HA! No menu here, you either call ahead to place your order (and find out what they have for the day), or you show up and take what you can get! This place is JUST past my usual range of places that I can have lunch at and make it back within an hour. I called my order in ahead of time [2 Lrg. poke bowls for 6.50 each] and upon arrival meet the owner and his wife, she was finishing the poke bowls in a small back/front area of the place (there really is no "back of the house"). The large poke bowl is made Japanese style, not Hawaiian style, and is super fresh and I love me some fresh fish!The also sell frozen yogurt here, haven't tried it, but there were 6-8 flavors to choose from. While there, I saw savvy beach goers and locals come and go. Everyone was happy!*PARKING- GOOD LUCK parking on the street in the heart of Carlsbad Village, especially State Street! There is a lot behind the restaurant you can park in for free too.*PAYMENT - CASH ONLY!!Will I return? YES! Just need to remember to call ahead, and eat before 2-3 pm!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/24/2012,105,73,15,6,6>Every morning when I wake up peacefully from my alarm clock blasting "Shook me all night long" by AC/DC (Try waking up to the gods of rock, trust me you'll grow an extra 9 inches....ahem in height) I throw on my favorite robe from Bath and Body Works and throw down a few push-ups so my enormous man-tits will take the notice away from my girthy personality that tends to pop up whenever a pretty lady walks by. As I'm doing the morning routine of listening to Heaven's gift to earth, AC/DC, and pumping up my pecs I think to myself, "You know what would really make me feel like I've ridden on a sacred white Unicorn to work this glorious morning? Some delicious leftover mac n cheese from the restaurant I dined at the night previously" ENTER SUBLIME ALE HOUSE:Once seated at this San Marcos gem for quality brews and eats, with menu in one hand, soaking in the the tasteful designs of this place it only took me one glance at the section of the menu dedicated to mac n cheese. I mean holy crap talk about a premature mangasm after reading the un-holy wonders of cheese, macaroni pasta, and any of the beastly ingredients you couldn't possible think of mixed up and gooey inside a porcelain dish as hot as an Orc's a**hole after chili night in the Mordor cafeteria. Our waitress was a true class act. Service here was like a metaphorical back rub and a happy ending with oil, none of that Tiger Balm bullsh*t. I went in on a busy night and my waitress was attentive all the way through even when it came to giving me the bill at the end of the massacre of my mac n cheese, however, the truest, most worthy advice I can bestow upon someone eating here, is make sure and save just the tiniest bite of mac n cheese so when you do wake up to the rock gods you'll know that delicious cheesy goodness from the fridge is just a few short man-pushups away.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/23/2012,40,122,,3,4>My kind of bakery! Thanks to my sister-in-law, I am a huge fan of Gordy's in Encinitas. No, this isn't a fancy bakery full of frills - the deliciousness behind the glass doesn't need fancy piping or decorations to make me drive out of my neighborhood for a sugar fix. Something about the bars and cookies are so homely - like they were baked in your own oven. My faves...the ginormous cookies, the LUNCH LADY bars (hello, elementary school), and the monkey bars. These bad boys are super-dense (in a good way) and so filling. Great pricing too! You gotta check out Gordy's! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,9/22/2012,489,320,10,12,11>Heaven on Earth ?The name alone will make you want to come inside. Heaven sure looks nice. =)A variety of unique items. I've purchased random items here for gifts (i.e., weddings, anniversaries, birthdays). From designer purses, aromatherapy, body products, to art books and figurines, this place has it and more. I can spend hours browsing through their greeting cards section. This place has a zen-like and good for your soul vibe, which I love.Sometimes, I just walk in here to kill time and check out what new items arrived. Staff is friendly and seem to appreciate working there. It is located in a small shopping center (next to Trader Joe's) so I find this place to be a 'one stop shop' for me. Super convenient !Items can get pricey, but like I mentioned, there seems to be a lot of love put into their products. Totally worth it ! Eclectic music, inspiring cookbooks, unique jewelry, and designer clothes are also some of the items this heavenly place has.Join their 'Email List' to receive discount coupons. Usually, they offer one every few months and/or holiday specials. Oh and with most places, they have a Facebook page. Yup, can you tell I'm a fan ?! :)If this is any inclination of heaven on earth, then they get my seal of approval. Amen !
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,9/20/2012,219,287,4,9,8>After several attempts of scheduling my dog for grooming with the dog groomer in Carlsbad, I began to question my choice of profession.  Perhaps I should of been a dog groomer in Carlsbad (land of the retirees) instead, there is obvious a great demand for the service.  After being told it would be about a two week waiting list to get a grooming appointment for my twelve pound dog, I finally searched for a groomer in my new residential location of Vista.  I read the reviews and checked out Hairy's Pet Salon.  I agree with the reviews on Yelp about Hairy's Pet Salon.  Not only is Hairy's about ten dollars less than what I was paying before in Carlsbad, but my "Reeses" loves it there!  He did not bolt madly out the gate and claw my leg when the gate was opened.  Hairy's promptly opens at eight in the morning which is great for me.  The salon is light and airy with plenty of room for pups to stretch their legs.  In fact, my dog was never crated but instead permitted to run around and play with the other four dogs in the salon.  Not only was I getting a clean and trimmed up puppy, but a relaxed and rejuvenated one as well.  Much like my time at the salon where I find myself mixing and mingling with other patrons, drinking a glass of wine, and reading a girl magazine while debating on getting low lights or high lights; my "Reeses" was able to get some playtime, petting, and an opportunity to mingle (sniff butts).An additional service offered by Hairy's Pet Salon is teeth cleaning.  I was told a canine dental hygienist comes in and provides that service once a month.  The cost is about $100.   I plan on taking advantage of this service real soon for my little guy.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/19/2012,529,620,4,4,4>Hip hip hooray for Red Cup Yogurt! I LOVE this place.If you're a froyo-head like me, then you will be like a kid in a candy store entering this sweet treat haven. I mean now really, stuffing my face at the neighboring Cejas, Guahan Grill, Maan's Mediterranean, or IHOP are enough reasons to send me running to 24 Hour Fitness every week. Now, to add further insult to injury, I have to factor dessert into the equation. You see, I'm THAT chick that looks at the dessert menu first before anything else. So, of course, a sista like me is never going to turn down froyo. And Red Cup is the bomb! This location is a bit different from it's franchise location on Mission. First, and most important, they charge .36/ounce vice .39/ounce at the Mission location. They also offer some exciting new options such as ice cream or an ice cream froyo swirl concoction for those of us who want the best of both world's. What's super neat is the high tech screen function that allows you to mix an ice cream flavor with multiple froyo flavors of choice. And, if that isn't enough they also offer mini-cupcakes (red velvet and I believe vanilla to add to your cup prior to piling on your froyo/ice cream and toppings of choice. On your way to the topping bar, you can puruse through the cheesecake flavored whip, chocolate, strawberry and carmel sauce. Still not good enough? How about a root beer froyo float. Don't care for soda or feeling like you need that coffee fix? They've got your coffee froyo fix covered too. Whatever you can think of, they pretty much have it.I opted for the Cupcake froyo attack. Silly me, I didn't consider that fact that the cupcake would significantly contribute to the weight of my froyo filled cup. Thank goodness they were offering 10% off for their first time customers as part of their "soft grand opening". That put my total at just under $5.00 - my usual damage at most froyo establishments.Here's a cool tip. Stop by for their big Grand Opening on Saturday, June 23rd from 1pm-7pm for 50% Off yogurt, ice cream, cupcakes...and more.Froyo Love may have to take a back seat to Red Cup. I still love you Froyo Love, but Red Cup really knows how to fill up my cup;/
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,9/18/2012,159,438,2,4,3>Finally a descent pizza place in the area! Not bad and would come back! This place was actually packed when I came so parking was a little hard but the wait was only about 15 minutes.  You can dine in or carry out.  I used a $10.00 off coupon in my Entertainment Guide which actually saved me 50% My total came out to 10.97.  What I ordered:  The Special: Large: 18.90  Peperoni, Italian Sausage, Red onion, Mushroom, Bell Peppers, and Tomatoes.  The pizza was a little on the small end but don't let that fool you I got full off of two slices because it is piled with toppings.  You got my approval!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,9/17/2012,1307,1136,5,7,6>Ever since I went to to the Loving Hut on El Cajon Blvd. (reminds me, I should write a review for that location, if I haven't already) years ago, I've been wanting it to be a little closer to where I lived, so when this location opened, I was ecstatic (though I don't live near there anymore lol). My girlfriend who used to live in San Diego have gone to the other San Diego location, she moved back to MA. However, last month, she was in town visiting and I suggested coming here (she's Vegan). I was excited to see her pregnant belly and especially to try this location out. Though I'm not vegan, I do enjoy having vegan meals and once a week, I have a meatless meal so this was one of those days for me.We had the fresh special rolls (I think it's the one with the tofu), it was good, but I wasn't crazy about it, the sauce was missing something. I got the drunken noodles for my entree and it was sooo good! I shared it with my daughter, who loved it as well, it was a big hit. For dessert, my friend and I shared a chocolate cake, my oh my was it good! Who said vegan desserts aren't good?!?! The service was great, I felt bad because we were catching up and the waitress came by three times and we were no where near ready to order, lol. But she was patient with us and allowed us to take our time to decide.The second time I came here was with my other friend who is also vegan and we got the pho and the hawaiian fried rice and they were both delicious. The waitress suggested we get this organic blueberry lemonade drink so we got that, it was very different but really good. The inside of this place is really clean and pretty, even though the plaza it's located in is crap.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,9/16/2012,189,258,,3,3>Nice, newer theater in Vista. Restrooms and theaters are always clean, the lobby is huge and colorful but the ticket prices are a little steep ($11 for adult regular afternoon/ evening viewings). The concession stand prices are out of control. Really, I've never paid so much for a box of candy or popcorn, so I usually skip it altogether. Or bring my own. Shhhh..The screens are large, the stadium-type seating is plentiful and it's a very comfortable movie viewing experience every time. I've been coming to this theater since it opened late 2003. I have also been to countless midnight premieres and the employees always handle the crowds really well. The Krikorian is a vital gem in the center of downtown Vista, and I'm so glad it's there!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,9/15/2012,142,94,2,6,2>I ate here last night and it was pretty decent, definitely a place I would come back to. As for food:The bread and cilantro chimachuri/pesto type sauce they serve when your first get seated is delicious!!!! The sauce is amazing and the bread is warm and simply delicious.Crispy macadamia nut crusted fried calamari: it was flavorful and good, although it had a tad too much fried batter for my liking.Sangria: delicious!! definitely worth a try!Le Papagayo Mojito: AMAZINGLY good!! Must try!!Blackened Mahi Mahi dish: this was good, but as most places in California, the fish was a tad over cooked. The black bean risotto cake served as a side was ok, but nothing that knocked my socks off.Overall, the food was decent. The customer service was good, our waitress was very friendly. The only hiccup we had was that it took nearly 45 minutes for our main dish to come out. It was a bit ridiculous how long it took, especially considering it wasn't super busy. We were there for an hour and a half, and 45 of those minutes were spent waiting for our main dishes to arrive. The prices I felt were a tad high for the quality of food, especially for the main course.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,5/1/2014,110,215,2,8,5>This location seems slightly smaller or if not the same as the El Cajon area location. I would say that the service is pretty good. Fish seem fresh. This is pretty good quality for All You Can Eat sushi. I would come back here because in regards to the ricing of rolls- not that bad. I hate places like Yoshi sushi where you're just eating a small piece of fish and a giant rice ball in each bite. My roommate introduced me to fresh wasabi. I think it tastes way better than the regular smooshy kind you always get. You have to specifically request it. I would have never known there was a difference I'm kinda weird but it doesn't give that sinus clearing feeling if you put too much. You still don't want to chance it cause then you maybe just over power the taste of your roll. The parking situation is way better than the El Cajon location because it's located in a small plaza. We came here a little on the late side - 8:00 PM but still have good service and the quality of the rolls made stayed consistent.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,4/30/2014,181,102,8,6,5>Holy crap I was not expecting that! We've driven by Fallbrook Cafe about a hundred times and we finally ventured in last weekend. The inside is way different than I thought it would be, it reminds me of an old diner on the inside. There's one long 'bar' on one side and a bunch of little booths lining the other, it kindof takes you back in time a little. They serve breakfast lunch and dinner.. (and yes, they serve breakfast ALL STINKIN DAY!) I didn't really explore the lunch or dinner menus because, let's face it, if you read my reviews you know that breakfast is my main bitch. BUT, I will say that the lady next to us was having a full turkey dinner with a giant pile of mashed potatos and it looked pretttty tasty. SO I ordered the 2 eggs breakfast with sausage pattys and hasbrowns.. oh and it just happens to come with a side of biscuits and gravy. I was in BREAKFAST HEAVEN!! The sausage pattys were gigantic and delicious as was the rest of the breakfast. The hubs had a gigantic waffle, also with a side of B&G.. we were both super happy, and then we were in food comas. The staff was really nice and I don't have a single complaint. I can't wait to go again!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,4/29/2014,4,1,5,16,6>I started vaping because I was looking for a healthier alternative to smoking. After a few disappointing experiences, I found Feels Good Vapor bar & shop.  Feels Good Vapor bar & shop is a great asset to the San Diego vaping community. I have always walked away with a great experience after stopping by either of their locations. I live 20-30 minutes away from Oceanside, but I have made this my vapor home and hangout. Why? Let me break it down.  1. The owners and staff of both locations are down to earth, friendly, patient and knowledgeable.2. Their priorities are clear, they are there to help people find a vapor solution that will help them quit smoking for the long run. Their everyday service and attitude speaks loudly of this fact.3. If they aren't sure about something, they research it and find out. No made up answers. 4. They have a selection of juice and equipment that meets the vaping wants/needs of anyone. Regardless of if you are a person who has never vaped before or a vapor hobbyist.5. Last but not least the owners proactively show up to and speak at public meetings that will have a direct/indirect impact on the laws and regulations that affect the vaping community.Even if you are just curious and want to know more, I highly recommend you stop by and visit them at either of their locations.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/28/2014,59,290,3,5,5>So happy for Hannah! I met Hannah 3 years ago at the nail salon I used to go to. The place was nice but the prices and customer service were horrible. The only reason I kept going was because Hannah was so awesome. She is seriously the sweetest lady every and same adorable! I was devastated when I went to make an appointment with her and they told me that she no longer worked there! Losing a good nail lady is like dating someone and then they go M.I.A!  lol So fast forward almost a year and half later and  Im browsing yelp again for a local nail salon and guess who I find!?!?! HANNAH!! She had opened up her own nail salon and I'm so excited to have her back as my nail lady. Congrats Hannah.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/27/2014,31,274,5,9,5>This is a killer hole in the wall, quite literally.  It sits inside a gourmet taco shop (which is also delicious as well) and used to be a surfboard boutique.  It's tiny, eclectic and the chef/owner Davin Waite is running things on a shoestring.  The total seating is only about 25 people.  At the counter you sit watching the entire kitchen out in the open, right in front of you with two chefs cooking in about a 6x8 space which includes the sushi counter, deep fryer and stovetop.  Every square inch is either prep or storage and these poor guys are like machines banging out all the food for both the counter and tables from that tiny space.  You watch, initially for the same reason we watch car races - waiting for the wheels to come off and go down in a ball of flames because it's that frantic and hectic.  Then as you watch, you actually see that despite the frenetic pace, everything is thoughtfully made with love by true artisans.  Your perspective shifts from that initial anticipation of disaster to absolute amazement and appreciation.  I could have sat there all night.Chef Waite is really the Jesse James of fish.  The similarity doesn't stop at appearances alone.  What one master did in creating mechanical marvels from metals, the other does with fresh seafood and other ingredients.  Both are gritty men of few words and I wouldn't want to be around either one when they're pissed off.  But beneath that seemingly gruff veneer, chef Waite is passionate and sincere about his craft when he steals a moment for a few words in between slices with his knife or instructing the servers which table to run a finished dish to.  He's truly an innovative craftsman.  He makes marlin pastrami with his own cold cure.  He makes two different forms of house-smoked octopus using differ smoking techniques for each.  He shared the secrets of how to prepare the perfect gooeyduck clam with no grit at all.  He makes a large assortment of unique, fresh salsas and sauces as color and flavor compliments to his dishes.  The man has truly mastered his craft.The fish is super fresh.  The chefs will periodically pause to butcher and break down a whole fish right there in front of everyone to resupply their stock.  Because of this, you know that the fish used in your dishes is fresh and definitely not prepackaged or processed.  The toro was cut to order from a huge slab of tuna belly instead of the usual prepackaged loin strips.  The scallops were massive, light and sweet, not chunks of skate wing.  The fresh,  live whole uni was was caught that day by a friend of the owner and was the size of a basketball.  It was sooooo good, beautifully presented and the uni strips were massive, each about 8 ounces of firm, nonwatery goodness that melted in your mouth.  I literally experienced an unigasm!Prices were incredibly reasonable and the service incredibly friendly.  It's a busy place and the staff is cranking, but you don't feel rushed.  This new venue is definitely a hit.  I'll definitely be back and recommend it to other discerning palettes.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,4/26/2014,82,128,3,9,6>My fiance and I just happened upon this from a list he found of great places to eat and/or drink. It was in the company of Solace and the Moonlight and about a dozen or so other ones we absolutely loved, so we thought we'd check it out. What a great find! Never would have gone to check it out without the list, as it's tucked away in a tourist-y strip mall type place. BUT, the interior is amazing, the tap list is impressive, and the pommes frites are almost perfect. Actually, they were perfect. The veg burger was only alright, but the hangar steak sando was divine. Excited to go back to this place.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/25/2014,59,90,6,12,6>High tea at its finest!  Amazing menu and presentation. Fine China and a wonderful staff. Marlene's elegant and tasteful decor and delectable dishes has exceeded all my expectations and is what I consider the best high tea experience thus far!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,4/24/2014,722,527,10,15,12>I'm not even gon' lie...I come here on Tuesdays to take advantage of their Taco Tuesday especial - THE GRUB:- Tuesday Tacos: Adobada (Pork or Chicken) - marinated meat in a sweet and savory adobo sauce then topped with guacamole, Carnitas - mexican pulled pork finished crispy on the grill and topped with cilantro and onions, Carne/Pollo Asada - BBQ'ed marinated beef or chicken, De Buche - pan fried pork pieces and pork belly served TJ style -- all so good- Other Tacos: Birria - stewed marinated goat in a finished in a taco or sopes, shrimp/fish - seafood tacos for the seafood lovers- Burritos! yum... all kinds too.- Soups: Menudo, Caldo de Res, Pasole- C A M P A C H A N A !!! (Shrimp and seafood cocktail)- Free chips and Salsa bar- 2 words: Mexican CokeTHE JOINT:- cozy with a hacienda kinda feel- big screen with real FUTBOL showing all the time- plenty of seatingTHE SQUEEZE:- $1 tacos on tuesday is the best deal in Mira Mesa- special pricing for the weekdays on regular menu items and combos- fountain drinks- cash and card- parking sucks sometimes- no "whipped" drinks at the fountain - i love me some orange bang or horchataTHE FINAL WORD:Im certainly a fan of this taco joint - the food is on point, and the price is outstanding when on special, and i dont get those weird late night taco burps like i did when i was in college - which means... BRING ON THOSE TACOS!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,4/23/2014,40,24,2,12,11>The Sharp Rees-Steadly, the services are great and the facilities are available in this medical center. I am a regular going there for monthly check ups and I am satisfied with their Services and Pretty happy with their helpful and Quick service. They are friendly indeed. and that is why I have been going there from last couple of years. My whole family also going here for medical check up. Staff and everything is nice. Overall Always satisfied with the services.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,4/22/2014,176,147,1,9,6>First off, I didn't even know this place was here!  I've been in the center hundreds of times, guess I just didn't expect to find such a excellent Thai restaurant hidden in the strip mall! We ordered off the lunch menu, which is a good value for the huge amount of food you get! Everything was so fresh, we had soup and salad, both amazing! I ordered the noodles, shrimp and fried rice. Best Thai around!  We had great service, atmosphere is really nice, lots of Thai decor! Definitely a sweet surprise!And great service!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,11/7/2014,2030,893,8,10,8>I usually go to the French Nails in San Elijo Hills which is closer to me but I seem to do a lot of shopping in this area so it's been more convenient for me to frequent this location instead. This salon is spacious, very clean and gets great natural light. I really love that I can usually walk in the middle of the day and get an appointment right away. In fact, I don't think i've ever had to wait or see others wait either.  This could be because of the time of day I tend to frequent so if during busier times, it might not be the case.  For my pedicures, I always get a french manicure and if I'm specific with how I prefer my tips -- they are usually great at nailing the right width. A few instances, the tips were much wider than my liking but it was my fault for being way into my book to notice before she had applied a 2nd coat. For my manicures, I don't usually take color so I have them do a clear coat but they do a fabulous job cleaning cuticles up and shaping my nails. I would say, if you are tight on time and want both a pedi/mani you should let them know so they have two people work on you, otherwise they'll just have one girl do both which makes your visit longer.If you upgrade any of the spa treatments, you can get a free glass of wine. I haven't taken them up on it (yet) but a nice perk.  Based on my experiences here, I'd highly recommend.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,11/6/2014,29,25,4,10,7>So I'm a little bit of a sushi junkie so keep in mind that I'm overly critical however I was definitely satisfied by my visit to hooked I sushi. It was busy, dinner rush and we were seated without much hesitation. Out drinks ordered and served with little wait...I'm a drink junkie like 3-5glasses of water in a meal(excessive I know) but my glass was never empty. I give much credit to the staff for being so on too of that...especially because it wasn't busy. So mind you yes I'm a hard sell due to working in customer service I also don't like to raise a fuss for the same reason but it was cold like I wasn't the only one cold...people had there coats on. My friend and I debated on to ask if they could turn the fan down(half expecting to be told they couldn't) they were so attentive to that and it wasn't chilly within minutes...it wasn't hot either by the time we left...just right. Now let's talk food...I was totally satisfied and overwhelming full when I left tonight. My friend and I ordered edamame, the jalapeño poppers and 3 rolls...and we wondered why we were stuffed. The poppers were out of this world. The edamame was just right. The first two rolls were fantastic. So delicious. They confused one of our rolls...when the waiter brought it we looked at each other confused and he didn't skip a beat to notice and immediately apologized sent it back and brought the correct roll out again apologizing for the inconvenience....it's service like that that makes it no inconvenience at all.  So all in all I give 5 stars...considering I'm not easily impressed when it comes to sushi is saying something.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,11/5/2014,149,302,3,7,6>What a cool place! If you blink you may drive right by it so be on the lookout! Now, on with the beer!1) ChuckAlek was doing a special beer event and were featuring different kinds of beer so I only was able to try a few of their "signature" beers. I am not necessarily a dark beer kind of girl but I'm willing to try anything. The actual ChuckAlek regular beer they did have on tap were delicious. TRY THE DOWSER! 2) The atmosphere is so laid back and chill. There are multiple large tables where you can sit back and hang out with friends. There was also a crepe maker outside in case you were looking for a tasty treat3) We met the owners and were SO impressed! To actually give us a private tour and take the time to explain their operations and their passion was really a great experience that sometimes you lose on the bigger brewery tours. 4) I am VERY excited to return to ChuckAlek again in the very near future and try all of their specific beer and really provide my regular beer review/thoughts. Ramon is gaining popularity with all of their wineries but do yourself a favor and stop by ChuckAlek for a craft brew adventure!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,11/4/2014,127,103,7,8,7>MAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNN!!!!! THIS PLACE WAS PHENOMENAL!!!!!I texted my friend on his phone, but I'll say it on here too, "Thank you, Brent, for sharing this SECRET!!"This place blew every other Italian restaurant I've ever been to OUT. OF. THE. WATER! Talk about Service, Delivery and Presentation.When I first got in, I was with a couple of friends and I personally was craving Lasagna. I properly changed my name to Garfield for the night because I literally was having a Snickers moment before we got in. I NEEDED some lasagna! So first things first, we get the menu, I'm searching like an Eagle in the Sky, looking for my prey and once I find it, I'M ABOUT TO DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE IN! I found it, saw 3 types of Lasagna, saw the price (somewhere around $13), thought it was a bit much, but didn't really care. This is what cravings do.Here we goIf we go back to the price where I thought was too much, yea.. No. That thing was completely WORTH IT! I got the Meatball and Sausage Lasagna. Didn't think the way they served it was the way it was gonna be. You know, cut up meat and sausage in and/or around the entire delicacy. WRONG! Jason, our server, came out with TWO plates:  One lasagna, the other Meatball & Sausage. No joke, the meatball was the size of those good snowballs that you pack and get ready to fire at someone's lovely, dart board of a face! Yes, imagine that.The lasagna was (I don't really know how to explain perfection) PERFECT! You're going to have to go! I highly recommend it!Everything about this place was Top of the Charts! I'm so surprised I've never known about it, but now I do and I'm definitely coming back over and over and over again. d:)--------------------------------------------------­--------Note: The bread looks like you need to turn into an werewolf to bite the smallest chuck, but it's like a carb cloud in your mouth! Perfect!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,11/3/2014,43,74,4,7,5>I am so happy that Pedro's opened in Vista and even happier that we moved 5 minutes away from them! The food here is always good-we've never had a questionable meal. Typically, my wife and I split a taco and an order of loaded nachos. That is more than enough food to get us full!The interior is decorated modern surf, with concrete floors and cool surf art and skateboards on the walls. Usually, there are at least 1 surf vids playing as well as ESPN or another sports channel in the 4 TV's they have hanging inside. We always recommend Pedro's to friends and my review is long over due. Stop by here if you get the chance, you will be happy.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,11/2/2014,12,88,4,6,5>Came here to see the new Captain America film on a Saturday night. My review will go over my general experience from start to finish. Given that it was opening weekend of the new Marvel Captain America: Winter Soldier film, I bought my tickets online on a Monday (the movie was released the following Friday). To my surprise most of the seats were already taken. I manage to snag that couple in the back, I crossed my fingers and hoped that it will still be a decent viewing angle to the projector screen. My cost was about $45 for two tickets. It was reasonable in my opinion given that even IMAX movie ticket prices are now about the same as what Cinepolis offers. The Good:THE SEATS! Super comfortable and recline with an electronic motor. You can lay almost parallel with the floor with a slight 30 degree incline. Service: No issues here, got our drinks and waited for the movie to start.Cleanliness: A+Overall movie experience: A+ (keep in mind I bought tickets to see the movie for 21+ over adults)Cons:They could increase the projector screen size or implement  better surround sound. Air conditioning: theater got fairly cold.Tips:Buy your tickets early online especially if you're wanting a 21+ and over showing. You can purchase them up to 5 days in advance.Bring a sweater or blanket for all you ladies that get cold easily.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,11/1/2014,97,31,5,12,5>Nutshell: Awesome experience. Very beginner friendlyI've always liked guns, and have been shooting a few times. Unfortunately I haven't had a chance to go for a few years. I decided it was time to go and brought the GF with me for her first time shooting ever. SDFT was near my place and had good reviews so I figured why not. Walked in, and instantly found the place roomy, clean and inviting. I'm horrible with names, but so unfortunately I can't compliment people by name. But a gentleman greeted us at the door. I explained it was my first time there, but that I had been shooting a few times. He gave us a short tour and handed us off to another nice lady at the counter. They explained how the range worked, what forms we needed to fill out ( standard waivers and safety briefings), and let us look around. After we filled out the forms she walked us through everything we needed, from safety gear to targets and finally some gun suggestions. I was originally going to just get a 9mm and have the gf learn on that, but she suggested I start her on a .22. She chose a very beginner friendly 22, big gun to reduce the recoil. She also gave suggestions on what safety gear might be easier for the gf. Her suggestions were great. Range itself was great, clean and well lit. RSO helped us out a few times with some jams and ammo that didn't fire correctly. There's even a lounge with WiFi where you can wait for a lane to open if its busy. Prices seem about in-line with my other experiences I can't speak on the variety of guns available to rent, since I'm still very much a beginner. I'll for sure, be back.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/31/2014,39,90,5,7,6>I'm still so full from eating here last night... *_*. So I came here for the Thursday all u can eat Buffett with a group of five total and really really enjoyed it! i came here super hungry and def made my money worth by eating 13 pistachio macaroons, four lobsters, and many snow crab legs :))) oink oink!  i will def bring my brother who can eat sooo much n parents next time fo sho!So apparently every Tuesday and Thursday, they have all you can eat buffet- and if u sign up a player's card, you get 20% off for the whole group! And the sign up is free!The wait for last night wasn't too bad!  But yes, we did wait for about 30 minutes! But it's all good!The buffet here is known for their lobsters, snow crab legs, n great selections of desserts- yum yum yum- they have two different lobster stations- also there is a station for warm steamed snow crab legs and chilled snow crab legs-Lobsters were yummy, but I enjoyed snow crab legs more!  Unlike many other all u can eat buffet, the seasonings were perfect- it wasn't too salty- plus, I'm def not drinking much water today, so for sure, last night they didn't use excess of salt in their food-  also, the other foods didn't look greasy- so it's really awesome! :)One of the friends asked me to try their lobster ravioli with lobster sauce- u can choose from three different sauces- but I think lobster sauce is the best n it's bomb DIGGITY! :). They have a station where a guy makes lobster ravioli for ya:) he usually only gives 3 ravioli per time, but u can ask for five:). The taste... It was really really delish!!! Love love! I had 10 of these :)~. The sauce tastes really good to use as lobster dipping sauce as well~! Yummmy!! I was getting full for dessert, but I had to try their macaroons :P. I heard Tuesdays they serve coffee flavor, but last night they served pistachio flavor! Yummmm!!  The taste.. Pretty good!! So I had 13 of these *_* shoot me.. I have the worst sweet tooth ever.. Can't say no to sweets *_*. I was so sugar high fo sho last night.. I tried other lil desserts, n my second favorite was dark chocolate covered pecans n almond thing-  Oh! They also served halo halo!  But I was too full n getting delirious.. :p so maybe next time!Ok, I told myself I won't come back here for another three months.. But thinking about their snow crab legs actually make me hungry n wanna go back there again...:)
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,10/30/2014,72,349,2,8,4>I came here with my wife and child who is under 5, therefore we can just get the $20 bucket which can fill over a pint worth of strawberries.  You're only allowed one $20 bucket per 2 pickers excluding those under 5.  There's no conflict with me on needing to get another $10 bucket per extra person which seems to be the only source of the bad reviews here.Strawberries are juicy and delicious...I just wish they were cold when I ate them on the field.  Bring water to wash them and come hungry.  Now that I think about it, I probably picked enough strawberries that would go for $5 in the grocery store (or $2.99 when on sale).  So there's about a $15 premium I paid for the better berries plus the experience.  I'd probably do this every once in a while, it's fun for kids - just don't be picking all the green ones and destroying the future's crop.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,10/29/2014,42,84,4,7,5>I tried this because of a recommendation from a friend, and was impressed. The location is great because it is in Carlsbad Village and walking distance from the beach, so we came here for an early lunch after a morning walk on the beach.There was a line out the door since you order first and then get yourself a table, and it did take a while but once we ordered the food and drinks arrived at our table really fast.I ordered the 'Ultimate Grilled Cheese' which has fig butter, melted brie, and green apple slices--delicious!!! It came with a side of skin-on fries which were also super tasty and as someone who has a weekness for french fries I would say you should definitely try these!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,6/25/2012,468,239,2,6,4>I went here yesterday from 5-7pm with my 3 friends. One of them has already visited this place 5 times since it opened recently, and she lives in north Carlsbad!The happy hour wines are yummy, and they only cost $5. I had the pinot noir, and it was perfect. Not too strong, and not too light. Tasted like a $15-20 bottle of wine.Since they've opened, they've update their food/tapas menu a couple of times. Right now, they have meat slices (charcuteries), AMAZING cheeses, crackers with cheese, baguettes, flatbread with a salad on top and white bean puree, one type of taco, and lots more options! The plates are small and light, so come here after work / before dinner / or for a light dinner.I recommend getting the 5 cheeses for $18. They have mild to sharp cheese from all over the world (France, Spain, USA, etc). My absolute favorite cheese was the one from Holland that had butterscotch in it. Ask your server for their recommendations, and try them all!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,6/24/2012,181,325,1,10,6>I looked up nail salons on my phone that were near my house.  I came across the original Nail Fantasy which was in Sabre Springs.  The automated forwarded number directed me to their new place which is even closer to my house than the original location.  What a windfall!  The person I talked to on the phone was nice and told me to come in and try them.  A spa pedicure and spa french manicure costs $34.  I came in on the 10th of December 2011 and Lily told me that they just had their grand opening 3 days prior.  The place is a small to midsized nail salon.  They only have about 6 spa chairs and about 6 nail booths.  It is tastefully decorated in a color scheme of plums and pinks.  Everything was brand new.  Lily is the best manicurist.  She is thorough and quick.  She does a very nice job cleaning my cuticles and makes sure that she does not nick me at all.  I have been back already and decided to try the new gel shellac manicure.  I have received many compliments on both my manicures and pedi and am very happy with the way it turned out.  The gel shellac manicure cost $25.  Thank you Lily!  See you very soon.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,6/23/2012,283,205,1,6,5>Love this place. Awesome, chill vibe in the middle of old town. Great selection of just the right wines. The barkeep will suggest a wine based on your tastes at the time. The music they play in there lends to the atmosphere. You can also have your glasses of wine out on the Front Street patio area and watch people pass by. This is just what Temecula needs and you should go if you like good wine and a cool vibe.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,6/22/2012,35,85,3,6,4>Peace love and yoga...and Pilates on a Saturday!This studio is super clean and has a great vibe to it.I was very intrigued with the concept of hot temperatures and exercise...and it turns out they are definitely on to something....The feeling you get of working your body in heat is amazing and the teachers know exactly how to deepen your inner mood to channel peace and tranquility,I tried the saturday morning pilates with Susan and she helped me with my lower back issues by giving me great suggestions.Unfortunately my wallet doesn't reciprocate the same zen feeling after leaving PLAY.... I wish to be a member there but the classes are a bit pricey.. especially for monthly unlimited... Oh well... maybe when I'm rich
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,6/21/2012,31,80,9,3,5>Mira Mesa's hottest lounge is... FUZE.It's got everything... spicy pork sliders, kalbi tacos, flavor soju, human boomerangs...You know, that thing where they have a doorbell on the table? And you press it whenever you want something... or sometimes when you don't?In short, Stefon would be proud of this Korean joint. It feels like the owners are channeling the spirits of Chorus/Min Sok Chon to create an atmosphere Convoy noraebang joints would be proud of. It's also one of the few places with a visible full bar in Mira Mesa, so I really, really want it to succeed. The food is pretty good, too. I enjoyed the spicy pork sliders and the calamari the most The spicy pork is just enough bang to your taste buds, and the calamari was tender and perfectly cooked. I read on quite a few reviews that it was "bland," but I disagree. It's simple, but not bland. And they give you a wasabi/mayo dipping sauce, so you can drown it with flavor if you want. The price was totally fair for what you get; huge portions for the more "traditional" offerings, and it's nearly half the cost of Min Sok Chon. The staff is awesome; they were completely on point, and kept checking in to make sure we enjoyed the food.I'm on the fence with the atmosphere. There's loud pop music, it's dark, there are disco lights. I'm 28, and I felt a little too old for the place.Yes, I want a party spot in Mira Mesa. But I wonder who the clientele of Fuze is supposed to be. It's a little too far for the UCSD kids without cars, and the party animals of Mira Mesa will be on their way to Convoy, downtown, or North Park on the weekends.  I'm hoping a happy medium can be reached, so I can have my fun bar I can walk to, and Fuze still gets plenty of clientele. :)They also have dessert from Heaven Sent... my favorite patisserie in San Diego. Fuze is truly a little bit of North Park/Convoy heaven right at home.In short... try it out!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2012,6/20/2012,165,576,3,3,3>I ordered the Mushroom Swiss Charburger with fries and a drink. It comes with all of the fixings, lettuce, tomato, carmelized, onions, mayo and pickle on a nice toasted bun. It was good, but I didn't know it came with all of that. I like my mushroom swiss burgers kind of basic (with meat, cheese, mushrooms, onions and mayo), don't like it with pickles, lettuce or tomato. Don't get me wrong, I like lettuce and tomato on a regular burger, but not on my mushroom swiss burger. Price for all of that was $8.03 so it was under $10.00! Not too bad considering other places like Five Guys, Smashburger, Red Robin or Fuddruckers will generally run you over $10.00 for similar type of meal. Your basic single charburger will run you $2.95 for the burger only. If you get the meal it's $5.95. Not too bad for a sit down burger joint.The bun is toasted like they do at In-N-Out, but it's different because it has sesame seeds on the bun, it's got a nice crunch to the bun and it's served all wrapped up in paper. The taste of the meat was okay. Nothing too fancy, but the burger itself was very juicy. The fries were okay, not greasy like some burger places and had a nice crispness to them. Would be nice if they seasoned them with seasoned salt or fry seasoning to give them a little more taste. Restaurant was nice and spiffy and modern looking. Didn't have problems finding a seat. You can bring your vegetarian friends here as they do offer veggie burgers and salads and grilled sandwiches, sweet potato fries, plus they have shakes, malts, sundaes and cones. They have a kids menu too. I would come here again.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,6/19/2012,101,397,3,5,6>had the CHICHARRON sandwich (slow cooked pork, salsa criolla, sweet potato slices and creamy mayo on ciabatta bread). can't speak to the authenticity but sure was tasty. enjoyed it so much went back the next day for lunch with the wife-unit. had the POLLO sandwich (rotisserie chicken, lettuce, tomato and creamy mayo on amish bread) and damn if it wasn't really tasty too. even though they weren't busy, service was a little slow both visits and whoever (had two entirely different crews friday vs saturday) works the register seems to struggle making change.family owned and operated and well worth stopping in to try.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,6/18/2012,105,73,12,11,9>Nobody has ever said at a party "Gosh that guy with that suit and slicked back hair looks so ugly right now since we're all wearing our ironic t-shirts and ripped upskinny jeans", thats why Thai Society is such a little gem in the area it is in. Upon waltzing in this place (because thats what I do, I waltz in to restaurants so the dining guests either think I just came from dance class, or I have schizophrenia, or both) I felt transported to a world of delicous curries, spicy dishes, and Lysol because let me tell you brother this place is CLEAN! I mean I would have totally been cool with my waitress bringing me out my steaming plate of pad thai noodles and plopping them right on the table, it is that sanitary! Its like the Apple store and a Thai market hopped on the good foot and did the bad thing and the offspring would be this place.Spicy noodles = O-face:I would say the true test of a decent Thai food restaurant would be how well they prepare their pad thai noodles. Due to my latino heritage and my mouth being made of a mixutre of leather and kevlar, I normally like to kick up the spice a few notches. Ordered myself a level 9 on their spice list, by the time I got out of this place I looked like I forgot my poncho in Seattle. I knew I looked weird already, but now I had a fresh glase of sweat covering me making me look like a serial killer just finishing a class of bikram yoga.Enjoy yourself a refreshing glass of ice water, you'll notice a glass of water here is like chewing a stick of Fruit Stripe gum (my 80's peers know what I'm talking about). Thai Society makes drinking water fun with infusing cucumber, strawberries, and lemon in their water.Thai Society helped me laugh with company, smile from the food, and cry from the spiciness of my dish (in a good way).Make sure you tip well because its good karma, or else I'll come to your house and put chili peppers in your underwear.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,6/17/2012,489,320,13,11,11>It was a 'POP YOUR CHERRY' kind of night ! O.OGet your mind out of the gutter !!GNO Part II - Place was POPPIN' !Week wouldn't be complete w/o some drAnks !Sweet sake and beer please ! Although, the only beer I enjoy is fruity beer.3/4 POPPed their oyster cherry shooters !1/4 (ME) POPPed my tofu cherry shooter ! You heard right ! Chef accommodated me (vegan) and made me a special shooter. WOOT ! MAJOR PROPS !!!Haha !Garlic edamame to cleanse the palette ?! Hey why not ? Garlic breath baby !Service was  great  from beginning 'til end.This is how we roll ! See pics for good times !
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/16/2012,391,270,3,6,4>Me and some girlfriends were looking for a North County brunch spot and remembered that Bellefleur had one (we had passed by it a few times in the past while shopping at Carlsbad Outlets).  Great place!!!FOOD - Expansive food selection! Pastas, Seafood, Omelettes, Stir Fry, Mexican, Meats, Belgian waffles, Salads, Desserts...even BBQ in the patio!  They also have bottomless mimosas :)SERVICE -Awesome!  The waitress and staff were super friendly and attentive.COST - $21.95 a person, maybe a few bucks more for mimosas.  We had 4 people plus mimosas and it came out to about $26 a person inc. tax.  I saw that they have Mother's Day Brunch for $39 a person.Parking is a little hard to find, so if you made reservations, be wary of that.  Bon Apetit!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,12/2/2013,130,106,20,14,10>I almost died here recently.I was trying to "jog" up the monstrous, concrete hill when I realized I was going slower than others who were speed walking. So I, too, walked. My fit boyfriend would move forward then jog back to me then proceed to jog in place while encouraging me (not cool). The sun was draining my energy and my calves were tensing up.Then I think 3 days later I made it to the top. With the beach, pretty trails and having my breath back I suddenly felt like a contestant on biggest loser. And I literally jogged all the way to the beach. Granted, it was all downhill. But I did it!!I have yet to return but I promise I will. 5 stars to good health and a can of ass whoopin.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,12/1/2013,377,148,5,6,5>This fun little park is located on the back side of Mira Mesa along Calle Cristobal. It hasbasketball court, baseball field, shaded play ground, picnic area, exercise stations, concrete track, and recreation meeting center. Also the bathrooms are clean and it's a great place to take the kids. This park is well maintained and a neighborhood favorite.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,11/30/2013,246,282,5,8,3>Humming as I stepped into Captain Keno's for the first time yesterday,"Come and knock on our doorWe've been waiting for youWhere the kisses are hers and hers and hisThree's company, too..."The decor of this place reminds me of the "Regal Beagle", the restaurant/bar from the '70's show "Threes Company". At any given moment I was expecting Mrs. Roper to come busting in screaming,"I'm celebrating the tenth anniversary of my outfit Stanley..."Having lived in N. County SD for over ten years, Captain Keno's was always on my bucket list of places to try. Problem is that I was always afraid that I'd kick the bucket if I dined here due to its throwback exterior. Some people at the beach said that it's a groovy place so, finally, after longboarding Swamis, I roped one of my surfing bros to come with me to try it and I'm totally glad I did! Captain Keno's is respectfully pretty darn GOOD!Walk in and you're greeted by handwritten menus on the wall and plastic ones at the counter. Order your food there and choose a seat. The restaurant part has windows and a full view of the 101. The bar section, where you can also have food brought to you, is dark, cool, air-conditioned, and has comfy booths from an era long gone. Umm, they have $2.50 beers and $3.50 drink specials...SERIOUSLY!!! Moreover I LOVE a place that still has coin operated arcade games!Service both at the food counter and at the bar was totally friendly. As for the food, it's hearty stick to your ribs kinda stuff with no pretensions to super fine dining. Portions are huge and you won't leave hungry, especially with their bottomless soup bar. The meatloaf was yummy with a kick of chile in it. I love me my chicken fried steak and they do it well here, smothered in gravy with eggs. Biscuits and gravy kept two hungry surfers satisfied, along with their breakfast sausage that was nice and crispy on the outside. The basket of shrimp and fries were also awesome!What's next on my list to try here? Captain Keno's is one of the few places I've found that serves "SOS"...HOLLA!!!So initial perceptions aside, this place is great. It's not the Four Seasons, nor do they claim to be. Captain Keno's is a long established, hella COOL, family food drink place that's a stone's throw from the beach!Good food, Good drink, Cheap prices...As Jack Tripper would say, "Chrissy chrissy chew chew rah rah rah!"
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,11/29/2013,179,454,1,8,4>I heard about this place from my sister, so we decided to try it out last night. It's cute and sort of looks like a house from the outside (well with a big sign that says they are a Pub and Kitchen). We walked in and there was a short wait, which was a lot shorter than expected at 7pm on a Friday. We were greeted by Roddy (one of the owners) and he was very welcoming and friendly. It felt like we were coming over to a friend's house to eat. Anyone that knows me, realizes how far that goes with me.We were seated right under the logo sign so that was cool. Our waitress was also really cool. She took our beer order and gave us the specials while we decided on what to eat. There is a bar, a good amount of seating and a huge wine fridge system that is quite amazing. Beers are priced for 9 oz or 16 oz, and are quite reasonably priced (around 5 bucks give or take) so it's a great deal. They have a huge wine menu as well, but I was in a beer mood, so I stayed with that. I decided to go with the Fresh Ground Pork Burger ($12.00) with tempura onion, their special '626' sauce, fried egg, cheddar and vinegar. I also choose fries over the house greens.  The burger was cooked to order (medium) and it was extremely juicy. The 626 sauce has a great kick and we got a cool back story on the sauce later from the owner. Apparently, I'm an egg snob, and wow they nailed the fried egg spot on. I'm not a huge onion guy, but this burger went really well with them. The fries were more of the shoe string variety, and were crunchy and perfectly seasoned. Yep, I fell in love with this burger. My sister got the steak special ($20.00). She ordered it medium well and it was perfectly cooked (thank you chef). It was smothered in mushrooms (awesome) and put on a layer of grits. The grits were amazing as they weren't soupy, had great flavor, and the juices from the steak added to the flavor. Those are the best grits I've had west of the Mississippi, and I lived in Louisiana for years (yes I know everyone knows this by now). There is a bit of noise in the restaurant, but not a crazy level as we could still hear each other. I was really blown away by the customer service of the wait staff and the owner as I was never thirsty and I really felt the concept really worked. After visiting I figured out that I am a huge fan of the farm to table/slow food movement. If you good beer, and great food this is definitely the place.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,11/28/2013,72,145,3,7,4>The harbor itself is great. I bring my kayak down here almost every day. There is always something new to see wether its what the resident seals are doing, watching the guys fishing, the people going to and fro on their boats. The tourists in rental kayaks or paddle boards are always entertaining to watch or the people that have no clue how to launch a boat.  The people on their boats on the docks are typically nice and we recently met the Harbor Master without even knowing it and he was a great guy! Everyone waves and says hi when we paddle by.  The restaurants scattered about the harbor leave a little to be desired in several cases. Highlights of the culinary offerings are Beach Break at the Harbor and Harbor Fish and Chips. Lowlights are the Jolly Roger and Rockin' Baja Lobster. Both Horrible!!! I've been to Joe's and it was just ok.. I wouldn't avoid it but it also wouldn't be my idea to go. There's a fuel dock and a bait barge for your fishing needs, a free boat launch and parking for vehicles with boat trailers. There's also a sewer dump for your boat or RV for a fee and a place to wash the salt off your boat! If in your travels in the Oceanside harbor you see two fat guys in green kayaks wave and say hi!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,11/27/2013,125,417,1,4,3>We visited yesterday around 12:45pm and it was so nice because it was empty! I didn't want to fill up on beer so early in the day (especially with dinner plans at night) so I just had two tasters. The SB #3 is SO GOOD! It's brewed with ginger and tastes like fall/winter. I really hope they keep this one around all the time because it was the best spice-tasting beer I've ever had. We also got to view their private room that they have for private parties (only available during their operating hours, for $200). It has a few bar height tables, couch area, two TV's, a small kitchen area, and they make the bathroom private for your party. It's a pretty good deal for a birthday or maybe work event where you need to do presentations. We love Iron Fist - the beers, the people, the atmosphere...can't say enough good things about it.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,11/26/2013,200,155,1,5,5>Instead of heading to Convoy for some Korean food, visit Fuze!FOOD: aside from your typical Korean dishes, this spot serves fusion plates like bulgulgi sliders and fries (separate orders), pork belly/kalbi beef/spicy bulguligi tacos, and quesadillas. The owners came from Min Sok Chon so they definitely have the quality down, super flavorful. They also have other items like soba noodles, wings, calamari, their take on "caprese" salad, and a bomb sashimi salad. DRINKS: you must order SOJU, yogurt Soju to be exact. Other options are the typical Asian beers and a bar if you want to head over and watch a game or chill.PRICE: decent but  a little over price for the service size. go on taco Tuesdays or happy hour!AMBIANCE: decently sized so you can have a large party and not worry about waiting. There are TVs if you want to watch a sports game during dinner and a bar. Overall chill, modern place. SERVICE: the staff and owners are cool. you can press a button for tentative service.PARKING: there's a big lot but dont miss the drive way coming in otherwise you'll have to make a U-turn to get back around to this side of Mira Mesa Blvd.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/25/2013,178,58,1,6,6>I get sushi A LOT and this is definitely one of my favorites. They have a lot of varieties of sushi that can appeal to anyone. Seriously, they have deep fried rolls, spicy rolls with jalapenos or spicy mayo, rolls with cream cheese, the regular rolls like dragon rolls... my mouth is watering just writing this review! anywaysssss definitely one of my favorite sushi spots to go in north county! especially after a trip to the mall which is right across the street : )
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,11/24/2013,189,471,3,3,3>I've been a patient of Dr. Shah for a few years now and I've always been happy with the entire experience.  Vanessa, their dental hygienist, is lovely and really cares about the patients.Wonderful staff, close to my house, and easy to book appointments- 5 stars!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,11/23/2013,55,164,3,4,5>This is my favorite place in SD for soup, especially chicken. I know of and have been to the other places in the area that people claim the best, but for me, they don't even come close to this place. And to top it off, the selection of soups is HUGE.Not only are the soups awesome, the cocteles de mariscos are great too. Not the best I have had, but still very good and the best in the area that I have found so far. They also have an insanely large menu, they have just about everything baja mex cuisine has to offer.Nice medium sized restaurant, nothing too formal, but does have table service. I think they could do much better by getting rid of the fluorescent lighting.I really appreciate having this place close by, it is my go-to mex.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/10/2014,129,280,3,8,5>On a Saturday afternoon when nearby breweries were stuffed to the gills, and we truly just wanted a good beer and some food, the Regal Seagull was available with ample seating inside or outside. The beer selection was good, a nice mix of microbrews and different price points, while not being overly pricey on most beers. (I wanted to try the Sour Cherry beer, but I just can't pay $8 for a goblet every day.) All of the beers I had were good. As we are vegetarians, we knew we probably wouldn't find much for ourselves on the menu at a place that blatantly advertises sausage.That being said, vegetarianism is a super popular concept, nowadays, and this IS California - it was strange that they didn't offer a single vegetarian sausage on the menu. (The grocery store down the street can offer you 4-6 vegetarian sausages to choose from - after all!) However, we are realistic and know that the sign says "Ale and Sausage," so I didn't subtract any from my rating for that. I got the house salad and found it appropriately portioned and fresh. I would order this salad, again. The dressing was perfect and fruity.  My husband got the veggie burger, but we were delighted to see they break the burger patty up into a sausage bun! I will, absolutely, without a doubt, return to the Regal Seagull for this veggie "burger," alone. Great patty and sauce. Some friends got the tater tots, and I found them the right amount of crispy, not greasy, not burnt. They were very good. The mustard bar is a fantastic idea in a sausage stop.Finally, it's nice that they also have outdoor seating. The chairs aren't very comfortable, but this isn't five-star dining. You have to fetch your own napkins, as well.Overall, not my favorite place, of course, but we will probably return.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,7/9/2014,63,94,3,6,6>There is not much I can say that other reviewers haven't said, The Crimson Cake is fantastic. I am always happy to support local businesses, it is a bonus when the product is outstanding and worth what you paid for.I commissioned a skateboarding themed cake for my son's twelfth birthday. I must of sounded like a crazy woman with the random ideas I had swirling around in my head that I was convinced would not translate to a cake. It turned out better than I could of imagined, in taste and presentation. We did chocolate cake with chocolate mousse at the birthday boy's request. It was decadent, but not too sweet. I have always shied away from these fancy cakes in fear of what they would taste like, but I was pleasantly surprised. We also ordered 10 cookies in the shape of skateboards, which they also "spray painted" with some of son's favorite skate logos.They offer paypal as a payment option, which is super convenient if you are sending a friend to pick it up for you; you don't have to worry about getting money to them. It is small details like that that make a world of difference. Alicia was communicative and responsive.I will absolutely be using them again.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,7/8/2014,124,605,5,8,7>When cupcakes hit the market, I was pretty sure it was a fad that was going to fade away in a couple years.  Since then, I've had cupcakes at my wedding and have tried countless cupcakes from countless cupcake bakeries.  To date, my favorite has been Elizabethan.  It should be noted that I am a lover of Boston Cream Pie, which is becoming more and more difficult to find an acceptable version of.  Marie Callender's used to have an exemplary version years ago that they no longer offer.  My wife, for my birthday, researched local purveyors of Boston Cream Pie and happened across Elizabethan.  She drove in rush hour traffic from downtown to Encinitas and back and surprised me with a Boston Cream Pie cupcake.  I was incredulous that the noted pie could be captured in cupcake form.  I was proven wrong, as it turned out to be miraculously good.  Now that we live in Encinitas, we have had more chances to try other flavors and are never disappointed.  There are plenty of reviews discussing the cupcake quality, but it should be noted that we are now addicted to their cookies with frosting on them.  The Magic Bars should also not be underrated.  With their new location on El Camino, Elizabethan has much more seating and is now offering events such as board game nights on weekends.  You can't ask for much more from a bakery.  It's not cheap, not at all.  But you pay for quality, right?  And this is quality.  Elizabethan is truly one of the best gems in the Encinitas area, and one of, if not the best, of the bakeries in the county.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/7/2014,85,19,3,12,4>Amazing! Simply amazing! Loved everything about this place. The drinks were eloquently selected. You taste the depth of delicious flavor with every sip.  The food on the menu also looked to please. We had the fries with aioli sauce which was delish.The service was superb! We had the pleasure of being waited by Whitney. She had great suggestions and was to the T with her knowledge. We will definitely be back, and are excited a place of such quality is so close by!!!!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/6/2014,959,909,4,8,4>I saw this place when I was shopping at Trader Joe's, but they weren't open yet! I did some research and found out they were a chain and had lots of positive reviews, so I couldn't wait to try them out! We made reservations and dined here last week. We sat in the back and got a comfortable half table/half booth. I like the grill and how they oil it after every grill change. Our server was Juan, and he was friendly, funny, and very eager to explain the menu and cooking instructions. He also provided recommendations and made our experience here very pleasurable. They don't have AYCE options, but right now they have a couple of combination specials. We opted for the meat lover's course. This came with cheese wontons, garlic fried chicken, Gyu-Kaku salad, miso soup, and rice as our starters. The BBQ items consisted of the bistro hanger steak miso, filet mignon ponzu, New York steak miso, premium sirloin garlic, yaki-shabu miso, and toro beef hare!  I like the atmosphere and the marinated meats a lot! They even have a spicy sauce and ponzu sauce to add for even more flavor. S'mores for dessert was a sweet ending to our meal. Definitely would come back!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,7/5/2014,435,249,4,7,5>Uh. Wow. Oceanside is stepping up its game.Surf side tap room brings some beer competition to the nearby stone garden.Built out of a converted garage shop, it is now a place of beer nerd heavenliness. Dear god it's awesome.So many taps and local wonderful beers! And the best part is their digital tap list that I've only seen at baileys in Portland. It shows what's on tap, how much is left and other little facts about the beer. It also has a twitter feed of people who mention the place on twitter. Absolutely love it.To top it all off, the bar tenders are super friendly. One of them found me waiting for my extremely late friends and took the time to make some un-awkward conversation with me until my friends arrived. I could get used to this place :)Only downside- the garage portion of the place gets chilly :(. But grab an awesome beer and you really won't care at all!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/4/2014,369,100,3,15,12>It's your typical donut shop...but what separates them from the rest is their fantastic customer service and the fact that they have cronuts!!!!! Shall I say more? I'll say a little more:I'll just talk about their cronuts. You have options here, which I like and they are made to order. They were out of the glazed cronuts, but no big deal, they just took an un-glazed cronut and glazed it for me. I wanted custard with a lil bit of whipped cream, and fresh strawberries. They did it all for me. I'm a fan of custard and not so much of whipped cream...but a little bit is fine by me. Oh and it was topped with powdered sugar. It's very comparable to DK's Donuts in the OC! It's a lot cheaper and it's local!They are very friendly, kind, and attentive. As you wait to pay they always offer me samples...even though I've been there so many times and I've had every donut there, they still offer it to me (maybe it's my charm...maybe my good looks?).Hit this place up and tell them @DmagicP sent you!If you eat good food, then you will never have to eat bad food again
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,7/3/2014,1299,698,11,15,9>Great. Awesome.  I absolutely have no reason to make the annual pilgrimage to Julian to get apple pie.  Honestly, I detest making that road trip only to have pie with other pilgrims.  It was far from being a religious experience.  Was that too sarcastic? LOLI picked up what was left at that hour before closing: a whole crumble apple pie, 3 small/individual pecan pies, and 1 breakfast pie (like a quiche) with sausage, bacon, etc for me. Maybe I'm biased, I love a solid apple crumble and pecan pies regardless.  However, the pecan pie was more nougat-like than I would have preferred (more solid), but the flavor was definitely wanting for more.However, my favorite was the breakfast pie filled with all the standard breakfast meats, and a cheese-like center, if I remember it correctly, since honestly, I ate it so fast and promptly wanted to take a nap. I had it for lunch the next day.Next time, I will go back and try their savory pies which by description are meals in itself.So, Betty is indeed in town.  Not to be confused with the similarly-named taco shop down the street because you really shouldn't be confused between tacos and pies.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,7/2/2014,147,224,3,8,5>I have always been against any type of vegetarian or vegan food just because I personally feel like a meal is not complete without meat (sorry to all the vegetarians and vegans out there-seriously PROPS TO YOU!) With that in mind, I absolutely LOVED this place. My friend convinced me to go there and the yelp pictures online definitely had me drooling.It's located in a very small shopping center off the 15 (on the other side of the 15 from Edwards Theater towards Lake Miramar). Parking wasn't an issue since there's a private lot but I can definitely see it getting crowded as there are other restaurants in this shopping complex.We went around 730 and there was already a decent amount of people there (it's not a huge place) and there were only a couple of tables left. The waiter was very informative letting us know about the specials and he was very detailed in his description about the food (I asked him the difference between the Spicy Udon Noodles (specials are listed on a board near the door) and the Royal Noodle Soup (I went with the spicy udon noodles FYI). And I was NOT disappointed. The noodles were amazing. The broth was hot and full of flavor. Even the udon noodles had flavor! It also came with bok choy, tofu, and mushrooms. We also ordered a side of their fresh summer rolls which is made of jicama, carrots basil, soy ham, and tofu with a dipping sauce which was just as delightful and fresh! My friend ordered the delight broccoli which came with organic brown rice, mushrooms, broccoli, tofu, and protein slices. I tried the protein slices and it was actually really good! I could definitely substitute meat for this (once in a while haha)!I loved this place not only because of the food but also the service and ambiance is great. There didn't seem to be that many workers but I felt they were very attentive not only to us but to other tables as well. Also, make sure to check in because you get 10% off your whole order! By the time we left, the whole restaurant was full!I definitely recommend this place and definitely plan on coming back! Great job for allowing me to see the light to vegan/vegetarian food!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/1/2014,101,144,7,9,7>Is it weird that I'm having a salad at 10:45am?After a nice jog on the beach, the irresistible smell lured me to this AWESOME place. I've been here several times, and I wish I could come here every day. I got the Santa Fe Salad with chicken. So mutha-luvin' good. They use a spring mix lettuce blend (what taco stand does that?!) and add a bunch of other deliciousness: roasted red peppers and corn, hominy, cabbage, black beans, and cheese. I didn't eat the handful of tortilla chips that it came with though. The dressing was unique and tangy. The chicken was flavorful and tender. I really enjoyed it. I've had a few of their other stuff. I would definitely recommend the carne asada tots. Their burritos are pretty good too. The duck tacos were dry the one time I tried them. It does get crazy busy during lunch time. But, if you come at just the right time, you will see girls in bikinis chowing down some tacos (guys, you're welcome;). The best part: THE VIEW. Simply breathtaking. I would expect to pay an extra ten bucks for everything on the menu at any other place with this view. In fact, I think the view even enhances the taste of their food. 5-star view at 2-star prices. You gotta check this place out!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,8/24/2012,82,283,2,6,4>My girlfriend's coworker suggested this place, and being the happy hour fans that we are, surprisingly neither one of us had heard of it. I was skeptical, but after enjoying happy hour with her the other night, I was shocked that Ignite had such low reviews. We had $3 glasses of wine at the bar on the patio and split a woodfire pizza which was unexpectedly delicious. I was actually so pleased that I dragged my boyfriend here the very next night before our movie at Cinepolis across the street. I tried the salmon burger with sweet potato fries and he had a regular burger, both were very good. With good casual food, atmosphere, and prices, this is a great new addition to the area!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,8/23/2012,267,144,3,8,6>I've been coming to Crossfit Barracks for close to 2 weeks now.  Took advantage of the recent Group-on Offering.  I opted for the 20 classes for $60.00.  First class I took was a fundamentals class.  Now, they only offer this particular class on Saturday morning and Monday evenings.  I think for the person just to starting to get into an exercise program, they should probably do this class.  They'll teach you the basic fundamental exercises and lifts used in the WOD's (Workout of the Day).  Once you get comfortable enough, you can take a fundamentals test to prove that you know what you're doing before you go full blast.I did one fundamentals class only because I have a group of buddies that attend this same location and are showing me the ropes as I go along.  Also I'm comfortable with some of the required lifts and my strength level.  My cardio on the other hand could use some improvement.Typical days basically start you up with a warmup/short run, strength conditioning.  The last 30 minutes are reserved for the WOD.  The friendliness of the staff and owners are impeccable.  It's a good vibe and everyone seemed to cheer and motivate you on.  Class times are pretty abundant starting as early as 5:30 AM and go on throughout the day until the evening hours.  There is time as well for "open gym" where you can just come in and do individual training by yourself.I'm waiting now to use up my remaining classes before I sign up as full time member.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,8/22/2012,435,249,14,18,11>GLORY HALLELUJAH THERE IS A GOD. after years and years of horrible fake chinese food that I have had to compromise my life with in North County, THERE IS SOMETHING LEGIT. Don't listen to any review here that is about this restaurant lacking in their chow mein or egg rolls or whatever other crap the fake places serve in North County. That is the language of bondage. These people have been imprisoned in the assumption that there is only one type of Chinese food, and fail to recognize the 7 great culinary cultures of China... and this, my friends, is the food of Central China (Sichuan and Chongqing), famous for its ridiculously spicy food (most notably the huajiao pepper that gives you the "numb hot" sensation). The owner of this restaurant is the same as Spicy City on Convoy in Kearny Mesa. (sidenote: It was heartwarming that the owner actually recognized me from spicy city!...)We ordered the fish dish, eggplant and wonton with chili oil. I was so satisfied. I felt the special numb spice. I sweated. I was overjoyed. The portions were huge (3 dishes was way too much for me and my friend... should have brought 4-5 people!)The fish dish was something like millions of... something... fish. It was like boiling fish, but the broth was yellow and more garlicky, and instead of a bed of napa cabbage was silken tofu. Oh yeah. And SPICY. so good!The wonton with chili oil reminded me of mornings walking around in Chongqing and grabbing a breakfast of spicy oil wonton... same thing, felt like I got transported into the sweatiness of one of those hole in the wall restaurants in Chongqing. Finally, the eggplant was to round out all the spiciness. Nothing beats chinese eggplant preparation. Not much to say here, but that it was the perfect thing to go with all the rest of the madness we had. This was the dish of peace. I was smiling and laughing with giddy during the whole meal. You have no idea what it's like to be a chinese man living in North County San Diego... and to find some of the most legit food 10 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME WITHOUT EVEN HOPPING ON A FREEWAY. Long have I resentfully suffered with Chin's or Chinese fast food... BUT MY FRIENDS WE ARE FREE. EAT THIS FOOD. SUPPORT REAL CHINESE FOOD IN NORTH COUNTY! MAY THIS BE THE FIRST OF MANY!So please. Pop an antacid in your mouth, and head over to Spicy King!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,8/21/2012,185,15,7,13,8>Overall:  Great place to eat with your HANDS but be civil about it! The Wait - Considering it was the grand opening, my group and I waited for 30 minutes for the doors to open and was the 20th person in line. Their policy is that all members of one's party must be present before being seated. (-1) I do not believe the rest of the party should be punish just because of one its members is late. The Décor - Simple concept:  Black tables with black wooden chairs. (1) Beige wooden pillars and only selected wooden walls may one graffiti on! Make sure to bring your own decorating tools. Example: Sharpies! (1) The place mat is a long strip of white paper which soaks up all the juices from your meal. I would suggest using brown recycled paper because it's more eco-friendly and absorbs better (-1). The Food - FRIED CALAMARI - $10.00 The fried calamari entree is one steak thinly sliced. It is breaded with minimal spiced with pepper, salt, flour & etc .It is bland in taste (-1) but cook in perfection (1). Crispy exterior and tender interior. (0)Cajun Fries - $3.00 The Cajun fries are crispy and are cut like shoe strings. Heavy sprinkled with spices. One has a choice on the heat from not spicy, mild, or hot. It is more salty than Five Guys Cajun fries which is spiced sweeter (0). Generous Amount for $3 (1). Tip: Squeeze lime over the fries to make chili flaked lime fries which taste like lime flaming cheetos. GUMBO without rice - $6.00. The gumbo was a simple soup with orka, the holy trinity - bell peppers, onions, celery,  Andouille sausages, and shrimp. It's more of a Creole gumbo than a Cajun due to its light green color. It did have a thicker which I think was corn starch. Tasted like a under seasoned a vegetable soup and needed that a few more hour to cook for a more intense rich flavor and the ingredients to mingle together better. (-1). The market price for crawfish as of 7/9/2012 is $7.99 per pound.If one order 2 pounds or/and more of crawfish, will receive one free corn knob. Any additional add on such as corn: $0.75 cents per piece, potatoes: $1.50 for 3, and sausages: $8.00 per pound.Seasoning: RAJUN CAJUN (ORIGINAL) is a deep smoking flavor with tons of garlic, scallions, lemon grass and other powder form spices. (1) Seasoning: THE WHOLE SHA-BANG! (all the above) is a mixture of RAJUN CAJUN , lemon pepper, and garlic butter.  Although it is considered the most popular, it is bit too busy in flavor and I do not think combination complimented each other (-1). The shrimp were cooked right, a bit al dente (completely white meat with a soft middle) because if one cooks overcooks shrimp, the meat is tough & dry and sticks alongside its shell. It should be soft cooked meat but not stringy of any sort like sashimi. (1)The crawfish seemed like it was cooked just fine as well. They were easily to peel except I didn't know the technique to opening the claws. My beloved suggested the company to invest in mini roll pins to roll out the meat just like one would do on lobster legs. I do not like the texture of crawfish at least no matter how it is cooked so no points will be given. Tip: Do not eat the brains; it's a bitter chunky dry meat. Corn: Cooked in chosen seasoning and level of spiciness.  I prefer nothing spicier than mild (1).Tip: Keep in mind, corn will absorb the flavoring liquid to its core so be prepared to slurp up a large amount of spiciness in that first juicy bite. The bags in which each individual steamed order not label with any sort of marking: stickers, pen, ties & etc. So when the server comes to serve, he or she won't be able to tell the difference and they are all stored in one bucket, smashing all the heated products tightly together. (-1). The Drink - Endless refills of basic foundation soda for $2.00. Served in logo designed paper cups. (1) The service - I am assuming it is a team effort service, one takes order, one serves, and one gives the check. Considering it was the grand opening, I can understand all the staff was having first day wiggles.  (0) The price -  Fair price for the amount of food, seasoning and effort to cook. It was worth it. :3 (1). PLEASE NOTE: That the prices on the yellow menu DOES NOT ALWAYS reflect the price on your receipt. Each item is market priced and can located on the white board at the front cash register. PLEASE DOUBLE CHECK PRICE & ASK YOUR SERVER TO CONFIRM THE PRICE :C. It is a dollar more for each item (-1). Extra: $10 minimum for credit card charge.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,8/20/2012,129,192,3,6,2>My friends and I were on a mission:  Facebook picture on the potato chip.  Believe me, I've never worked so hard for a picture before.This hike kicked our butts.  We had never gone hiking before and we neglected to read the Yelp reviews stating that this hike wasn't best for beginners.  We also started at the WORST time of day, 11:30.  However after frequent breaks in the cool little nooks of shade we found, as well as on top of the big boulders under infrequent trees with great views, we made it to our rock and got our pictures.  The climb onto the potato chip is a bit of an adventure in itself.  The whole journey was fun though exhausting.  The trail around Poway lake is also a workout, especially when you're going back to your car after just finishing the Mt. Woodsen hike.Though I was dead tired, I had a fun experience.  I probably won't go back until I'm a little bit more in shape, but I don't regret the trip at all!  Just remember to bring lots of water and don't go in the middle of the day....
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,8/19/2012,1299,698,10,8,9>Right when you think you've got something down, life throws you a curveball that you scream, Dynomite!  How did I ever not know about this place? I guess I just haven't clubbed my liver as often as I had thought in the village.Day drinking in the guise of team building with work buddies, we stopped into this small joint that is more than 3 times as long as it is wide.  Submariners would find the volume like a train car quite cozy and familiar.  The joint is all bar and a single jukebox.  Well, there is a bit of an open area/platform towards the storefront that one can stretch out, but with the small space inside, it's all business: beer.All business such that when a train passes by, the bartend rings the bell, and all booze is $2.  I was told it used to be a buck, but hey, coffee used to be a nickle and a gallon of gas was $1 when I was in high school too.  I bought a round of 9 beers: a few domestics and drafts, which came to $18.  How do you like them apples?  So, keep that train schedule handy next to your cash since the joint is cash only.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,8/18/2012,246,282,9,8,12>Seriously, if I'm gonna be a sticking this hockey butt of mine up in the air during yoga class doing a down dog, shoulder stand, or handstand, well then  I better have me some strong ass shorts to canvass my BEHIND so I don't put on a free show!Thank you Lululemon Carlsbad for keeping my crack in check!I'm a hella big fan of high *end* (ahem) "technical fiber" athletic clothing. Pearl Izumi and Sugoi ROCK for cycling/triathlon/running apparel while Arcteryx, Aether, and Marmot are my favorites for outdoor wear. Then comes Lululemon, who I rely on to cover my back, literally! It's state of the art yoga clothing that you can also wear for other stuff too, score!Technical Fibers do not come cheap when it comes to outstanding sports apparel manufacturing. The fabrics are very expensive and they don't make a whole lot of them. Add to that they can be difficult to sew which increases the product wastage. Athletes and non-athletes alike rely on such clothes to be strong, flexible, quick drying, wick moisture away from the skin, odor free, functional, and most of all, DURABLE...I'd seriously rather pay more money and have a few pairs of shorts/tops knowing that I can rely on them day after day! After purchasing Lululemon's "Five Year T-Shirt" I can honestly say that it's the most comfortable, and most expensive tee I've ever worn! Will it really last 60 months? I don't know but probably not because my friends keep trying to steal it from me, grr!!!Any guy who attends Bikram, Ashtanga, Anusara, etc yoga classes will tell you that there's a dearth of men's clothing to be found that will allow you to be your best on a sticky mat. Sure you can go to the Old Navy and pick up shorts and a tank to wear in class for under $20. Problem is that said duds need to hold up during vigorous stretches and lengthy poses. If you're doing hot yoga, whatever you're wearing also needs to dry quickly, be very light, and the fibers should be treated so they don't retain the bacteria and oils from your sweat. I mean, UGH, how many times have you been stuck next to someone in class and they stank?! You try to keep that pleasant look on your face as you s l o w l y begin inching your mat to the other side of the room!!!The staff at Lululemon Carlsbad really know their stuff and have always been super helpful/friendly. On my last visit I scored a pair of their awesome "Cadence Shorts" which are perfect for trial running and hiking. The salesperson was instantly there to help me, was super helpful without being pushy, and was way diplomatic about their sizing. Even though I usually buy a 31 or 32, she said the shorts ran small and suggested a size 34. WTH? I've NEVER worn a 34! So did I listen to her and try them on before buying them? Of course NOT (I am a guy after all)! When I came back the next day to exchange them she already had a pair of 34's set aside behind the counter waiting for me!Most of all, Lululemon is committed to the community! They offer free special events and even complimentary yoga classes for all levels in their stores. My friends who ran this year's "Rock and Roll Marathon" in San Diego all loved the store's cheering section on the sidelines too!Many thanks Lululemon Carlsbad for making sure my "half moon" pose doesn't MOON all of my fellow yogis in class!BABY GOT BACK!!!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/17/2012,255,397,6,11,7>Sweetest Buzz is sweet indeed.The people who own the place are really nice and friendly.  The coffee was delicious and the Mocha was divine.The sweets are almost too pretty to eat,  all the frosting's are white, although they have 3 different flavors and each and every cake, cupcake or other treat looks like a photo shoot for Martha Stewart. They taste even better than they look. The space looks really nice, and I think this is going to be my new local hangout.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,8/16/2012,204,123,4,8,4>We have been wanting to check these guys out, since we see them at the farmers market every week. Well during our 5 week cleans, we finally gave them a shot and we found out that we been missing out. I am no vegan but I can see myself eating here frequently because food is just delicious. Two of us shared: - Falafel (faRAWfuls), a delicious, hearty raw vegan version of falafel that tastes (dare I say it) much better than the traditional fried version.- kale chips with cashew cheese - It tastes like sour cream and onion- Apple & fennel salad- Mock tuna wrap. Raw moch tuna sale made with soaked almonds and sunflower seeds, wrapped inside beautiful kale leaf.- Raw apple pieWe did not feel like we ate that much but to my surprise I was FULL! Everything was top notch, although I think the apple pie was spiced bit heavy handed. But that might be my personal preference.Meat eater or not, everyone should give Peace Pie a try. Next time, I am getting the raw-violis!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,8/15/2012,275,430,1,4,3>If you are in the surrounding area you must check out The Yellow Deli. The outside is very comforting with two fire pits outside and the inside will make you think you are in a mountainside log cabin.  The deli is part of a cooperative community that includes another restaurant and organic garden in Valley Center and a few wood shops.  You will see their wood craft when you visit the restaurant. I had the Morningstar Rancher sandwich and the lentil soup. The lentil soup which was the soup of the day was very tasty - I definitely recommend it.  It also comes with a piece of homemade bread.  The Rancher sandwich was solid as it had turkey, avocado, pepper jack cheese, sprouts, onions and ranch dressing. The best part about the deli is it is open  for 24 hrs straight for five days and is only closed from Friday at 3pm-sunday at noon.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/16/2013,140,101,6,15,7>I met the Farmer's Market in Escondido, and we're in LOOOOOOOOOVEEEEE!  I don't mean to pull a Paul here, but I'm happy to now call myself a part of my local community.  My wife and I made the choice to start buying organic when our beautiful wee one was born in April, and we have "done our best" to stick to said agreement while visiting the grocery stores.  In reality I do all of our cooking and shopping, so I suppose that for once even -I- can't find a way to blame our bad habits on her.Anyway, I visited for the first time last week and found a few vendors that I completely fell for.  Like cupid with an arrow, the grapes at the stand from a local farm proved to be an instant connection.  Not since I met my wife have I wanted to have my mouth attached to something so frequently.  Needless to say, I bought several pounds of grapes there and some veggies from next door, and went up the way to pick up my local, grass-fed, fresh filet mignon at or below market price from a delightful young vixen with prosthetic ear attachments, criminal markings more intricate than my own and a chipper demeanor that you don't frequently meet in a woman.  It was the best steak I've ever cooked.Here's the skinny - shoot for the green canopies and red canopy - those are certified organic and both local farms with great produce.  Hit up my girl over at Da-Le Ranch for delectable meats.  Avoid being tricked by the intricate cardboard signs displayed at some vendors bearing the script "no sprays" that doesn't actually mean organic.  I know it seems legit, but it's not.Find me there and thank me.  With food.  Or some "bitchin" hot sauce.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,3/15/2013,55,135,1,5,2>Want to get your nerd on? Not many places can beat this. If you are into table top or card games give this place a shot. Went in to buy something one night and ended staying for an hour playing Cards against humanity with a group of strangers and ended up having a really good time. The staff seems very knowledgeable as well. Went there to get some paint and the owner was very helpful and game me a lot of great tips and helped me pick out some paints and even gave me tips on how to paint. Haven't had a negative experience yet.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/14/2013,489,320,8,10,9>OMG !! Kicked my arse !Took us about 6 hours to finish this hike.Was it worth it ? Sure damn was !NAYS:- I wore the wrong hiking shoes. I busted out my 90's pumas - don't judge me- Not enough sunscreen. That and enough shade throughout the hike. Arm/ankle tan lines aren't pretty people- I barely could stand on the potato chip rock. Note to self: practice more bikram poses- The soreness I endured days after ! I'm a noobs to hiking so this was expected.YAYS:- My hiking group is the best ! We made the most of the hike and got to know each other more.  Great time to bond !- BEAUTFUL scenery ! #infamousbuttcrackrock #infamoustree #potatochiprock- Dog-friendly ! One of our hiking pals even carried her pet chihuahua all the way to the top ! Now that's hardcore !!!NOTE: - $5 parking for non-residents. We got lucky though and apparently it was FREE that day ! Woohoo !- Start early in case you end up taking longer to finish. It might get too dark when coming back down. - HYDRATION ! HYDRATION ! HYDRATION ! The last thing you want happen is fainting once you get to the top and missing out on the potato chip rock photoshoot ! I'm definitely going to be better prepared to tackle this beast again ! Hopefully, I'll even have gutsier poses on the potato chip rock ! MT. WOODSON...WE WILL MEET AGAIN !!!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,3/13/2013,189,471,3,7,3>I've been taking my son here for about 10 months here (we took 3 months off) and I'm still thrilled with the place.  I'm so glad they offered a groupon a while back or I would've never found them.We've taken mommy and me classes with Carissa (once time, she had a last minute sub since her car broke down- the sub was nice, but Carissa is the best).  My son is so comfortable with her and really looks forward to swimming every week.  She really enjoys working with kids.  Each lesson is 20 minutes, but they have a play area so you can come before or after your lesson and play.  It's less than 3 feet deep.The water is so warm and clean.  You don't smell like chlorine after being in their pool.As someone mentioned, you get what you pay for..and I feel I'm getting a really good value for my money.  I don't want my son to be scared of the water, especially living in San Diego.We'll continue with them as long as our budget allows. :)
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,3/12/2013,303,270,11,16,13>I love, love, love bakeries... And the fact that this lil' gem is strictly gluten free makes it a dream come true. I try to be as gluten free as possible (I could try harder tho!!). My first visit here was exceptional. The place was very clean and up to date. The employees were very helpful and friendly. The cupcakes were heavenly! One would never know that they were gluten free. They also offer coffee, other baked goods, breads, and quick, hot, meals. I will definitely be back!!'
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,3/11/2013,114,210,1,7,3>Inexpensive, fast and plenty of options ...I just edited my review from four stars to five.  If I was reviewing Native Foods against other general restaurants, it would be a four.  But in their vegan niche, I give them a five.  I do wish this place had existed when my husband and I were vegan years ago.  I am not hyped on vegetarian meat alternatives but vegan desserts really excite me.  I was initially disappointed to see all of the desserts were pre-packaged in a refrigerator.  When I saw apple pie on the menu, I had flashbacks of warm apple pie with vanilla gelato (all vegan) from Newsroom Cafe in LA.  Though pre-packaged, it was still delicious, served with a side of cinnamon creme.  My son had a chocolate cupcake which I did not try, but noticed as I removed some frosting, it wasn't a soft, creamy texture by any means.For entrees my husband enjoyed a seitan kale bowl and my son and I shared the mac and cheese (more buttery than cheesy, but still rich and decadent), sweet potato fries (nicely crisp but warning to all parents - they sprinkle green stuff all over them and my 4 year old had us dusting off each and every fry).  Also had a side salad which was bountiful and fresh.Though it was crowded, our food came out very quickly.  It's great to see a new establishment have all the basics nailed (they have obviously learned from their many other locations).As acknowledged by another reviewer, they do not serve organic/non-GMO.  I would consider this restaurant to be a vegetarian/vegan option before I would consider it to be 100% "healthy."  If it were organic, the "inexpensive" component that makes this restaurant unique would be completely remiss.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,3/10/2013,47,76,3,5,4>I sometimes come through here in the morning to get some donuts for my students on test days. They never disappoint with quality.I order 2 dozen donuts, and I normally have a confusing discussion with the donutista (you know, kind of like barista) because I actually don't care what I get as long as I get a variety.The style and quality of the donuts is above par in the morning, they have several bacon variety donuts that are amazing. Their regular frosted donuts with sprinkles are good as well. Their bear claws are where the magic happens, they are huge and delicious try one with a friend, or two.The coffee there is par for the course. Hot and black, not old. Just like I like my coffee.Cost is a little high, but it's a really nice place and it's nice to see something that isn't wheatgrass, tofu and carb/gluten free in this day and age. So I gladly pay a little more for donuts.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,3/9/2013,88,164,4,5,2>I've brought my 2 and 4 year old girls to Gymminy for a couple of classes now and they have had a pretty good time here. The teachers are nice although it seems hard for them to focus attention on 8 kids at a time. I don't have to stay with my 4 year old during her class, but I do have to supervise my 2 year old during her's. It's a good place for small children to start taking instruction and discover new activities they could like. I also like that they have a Parent's Night Out once a month. I haven't tried it yet but I'll think about it for this month. You have to pre-register and pay a fee for it though.Also, fair warning: it smells like feet throughout the entire gym.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,3/8/2013,468,239,3,4,3>Definitely my new go-to pizza spot for after work and weekend nights with friends! Tables seat 4 to 6 people. Pizza is coal fired with a super fancy oven (ask them about it)! I really like the creamy red sauce on the Red & White pizza. I ate here twice in 3 days, so that should tell you something. Very friendly owners, fast kitchen staff, and lively dining area. Bring a friend, and split a pizza with them. Pizzas start at $10-12. Other menu items include: salads, soup (on occasion), appetizers (frequently changing), kids meals, and beer.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,3/7/2013,144,615,4,8,6>I am not much of a movie-goer but I do like Cinepolis!  My first impression was that it was expensive; however, since I only go to the movies once or twice a year, I have since decided its very affordable, and well worth it.  :-)Everyone brags about the big comfy reclining seats, food service and beer at Cinepolis.  But for me, I appreciate not having to wait in line for tickets, fighting for a seat or dealing with rowdy teenagers in the theater. With Cinepolis, you can reserve your tickets and specific seats online.  Then you pick up your tickets when you arrive and find your comfy leather, reclining seat, with cup holder and swivel tray.  If you are hungry, pick up the menu with built in reading light and then hit the service button to make a waiter appear. If you aren't hungry, press the reclining button, slip off your shoes and get ready to enjoy the show.I've ordered some food at the theater for the novelty of it and found out that its average and over priced but I still think the experience of it is worth the money.  In fact, I am officially ruined for the "regular" theater.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,9/3/2013,171,23,6,7,6>I have been going to the Scripps Ranch Dermatology & Cosmetic Center for the past 7 years. I've always had oily, acne prone skin and after high school it got worse. And I'm talking about the huge, painful, cystic kind that get under the skin. WHAT A FREAKIN' NIGHTMARE! My experience at SRDCC has always been a great one. The clinic is decorated so beautifully and has a nice homey feel, which is a great change from the typical medical office. The 30 minutes that I do have to wait to be seen is usually spent with numbing cream on my face which I don't mind & is expected. During this time you're offered a variety of snacks & beverages which is a plus! As for the staff, they're wonderful!I was able to clear up my acne with PDT's & acne lasers. A few cortisone shots here & there. I couldn't be happier! I live off of the basic acne kit which keeps my skin clear & is affordable. When my skin was at its best.. I opted for Philosphy & Murad which is all the rage at Sephora. But I broke out again. =( Lesson learned & I'm back on Dr Tess' skincare. I haven't had the need for anti-aging treatments yet. But when the time comes.. I wouldn't trust anyone other than Dr Tess & her staff.PS. They also sell Latisse here =)
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,9/2/2013,107,104,,4,4>I've been in Escondido for more than 10 years and this is my first time to Del's.  It's such a shame I didn't come here sooner.I've tried high end hair salons and worst of all, Supercuts.  The salons are outrageously expensive for just a simple cut and Supercuts is too mechanical trying to get you in and out as quickly as possible.  Plus all they want to do is sell you more than what you came in for.I grew up going to a barbershop as a child and had a barber cut my hair during my 20 years in the Navy.  After I left the Navy I tried so many other places to get my haircut but I think I have found the perfect place.  I don't have long thick hair that needs a lot of styling.  I just need a simple cut and Del's is the perfect place.Very traditional barbershop, I walked in and everything from the floor, the chairs in the waiting area, the men in their white coats and the faded pictures on the wall give this the feel of a traditional barbershop.  After waiting my turn, I was called to the chair and Josh took care of me.  We had a great conversation and the whole time he worked away.  When I came in I told Josh how long it had been since my last cut and what I wanted.  That was it.  No big discussion or asking me if he should use scissors or clippers.  I could never understand that about Supercuts when every single time I came in they were asking me what to use to cut my hair.  I realize some people might have a preference but literally at Supecuts they want you to tell them which and if with clippers, what type of blade on the clippers.And to get the genuine feel of a true barbershop experience, they clean off the back of the neck with the warm shaving cream and straight razor all followed up with a quick shoulder massage.  When it was finished, my haircut was perfect and exactly the way I wanted it.  The cost of a haircut at Del's is more than fair.  I can't believe all these years I've been in the neighborhood and never went in.  I've even had lunch at the restaurant right next door more than a dozen times and still never noticed Del's.  Well, from now on Del's is the place for me!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,9/1/2013,383,286,1,9,5>I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place! 5 Stars for the BEST Guamanian food I've had! Need I say more? Not really, but I'm gonna... Definitely a must try for those Islander food enthusiast. The Mega Lahi Special is what it's all about!  Enough to split between 2 people, you still might even have some extra to take home!  This entree comes with chicken, beef short ribs and pork spare ribs.  All three are to die for... but the rib meat is fall off the bone tender amazingness... yes I'm making up a word to describe its' awesomeness. Love their cucumber salad, kelaguen and red rice too!I've had their catered food too and their prices are pretty reasonable. Location is a bit off the freeway in a stripmall, no problems with parking and they have several tables inside.  I've always been able to get a table easily when going here. Simply decorated and good music playing, always a good way to enjoy food!Can't wait to go back. My mouth is watering just thinking of it. Ha!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/31/2013,98,204,3,5,2>These guys are fast.  That took to long to say... I'll repeat: theseguysarefast.Though one star is missing due to the amount of upselling they always do and the $0.50 debit/credit charge, they definitely understand the meaning of teamwork and powering through a ton a vehicles.  I'm also not crazy about that one time where there was a third party sales group that was trying to sell windshield dent/chip repair.  That bothered me, especially since there was no noticeable chip on my glass, yet they were offering their services for $40.  But I digress...Whether it's a busy morning on the weekend, or a lazy weekday afternoon, you're sure to be out of there in 15 minutes for their #7 service and below.  They quadruple team each vehicle and do a great job of armor-alling the inside (including the center console and the back center console).For this reason alone, I keep coming back.  Lose that attention to detail on the inside, and you'll lose my business.  They do have the stamp card, but I don't always get it stamped... that might be a hit or miss when the time comes.  I like getting my car washed on a weekly basis, but have yet to try just an exterior wash and always end up forking out $20.  Maybe next time.  Maybe next time.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,8/30/2013,181,102,5,4,5>I love mexican food. Casa de Bandini was delicious. Drinks - Pomarita. SOOOOO GOOOOD! I love pomegranite. I love tequila. I love my margaritas on the rocks. Trifecta!Appetizers - Somthing with cheese and chorizo.. I don't remember what it was called but holy crap was it amazing.Food - I tried the crab enchiladas and they were pretty good, i've never had crab enchiladas before so I didn't have much to compare them to but I really enjoyed them. I definitely want to go back to try more items on the menu.. the menu was HUGE, a lot to pick from. Our waiter said he was really happy for our table because we picked delicious things.. it's always nice when your waiter is as excited about your food as you are :)Can't wait to go back! P.S. the restaurant is located right next to sooo many good stores to shop in! Location WIN!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,8/29/2013,246,282,10,10,12>Izakaya? IzakaYES!!!OMG, I'm so stoked to finally find and dine (several times now) at Shimbashi!Many thanks to Trish S. who's awesome yelp review turned my sometimes taciturn dining nose around to sniff out and try this place!North County San Diego is blessed to have a restaurant like this, SERIOUSLY! In the immediate area  finding genuine Japanese dining establishments are few and far between. I truly LOVE Kaito Sushi but they are not open for lunch and, on weekends, they are sometimes slammed with dragging diners (yes, it's rude to sit at a sushi bar and nurse a California roll for 2+ hours).Along comes Shimbashi, which literally means "New Bridge". Located in Del Mar on the 2nd tier of an awesome shopping complex with 2 different validated parking lots, this place has a lot going on! They graciously change their menus with the seasons, have an OUTSTANDING sake and beer (burp, 'scuse me) selection, the FRESHEST fish, and offer sushi, Izakaya (small plates), and also full meal selections.What stands out? Well, everything, but here's what I totally dig-Oyster Shooters, nom, nom, nom...So damn good I always ask for 3 orders!Salads are truly brilliant!  Whether it's their mixed seafood, seared albacore, grilled salmon skin, or deeeeeeelicious duck breast salad with tangy mustard dressing, they are fresh, filling, and yummerific! My vegetarian friends also like their seaweed salad and green salad and, if you ask in advance they will also make you a tofu salad.Soups are to die for, but without a MSG lingering death. Tofu miso is perfectly seasoned and the clam miso is divine! The pork miso is savory and in a class by itself so I probably would order it as an entree side with a much lighter dish.Appetizer menu is HUGE. Love the seared kobe beef but for $19 you don't get very much so don't share it because it goes fast. Also love the shu mais, which are oh my, my yummy!!! Special mention goes to the Ginko Nuts. Really, you don't see these on many menus. Why? Because the shell of fresh Ginko Nuts contain urushiol, which is the same chemical that causes poison oak, ivy and sumac allergic skin rashes.  It can be difficult to prepare (wear gloves)  and serve them but Shimbashi does it safely and tastefully awesomely!Their signature dish seems to be their Rainbow (two snaps up) Carpaccio which includes a yummy variety of seafood and a little bit of chile to give it lick your lip kick. There are those who have complained that some of the dishes are too small  but, what the hey? What part of Japanese tapas and small dishes doesn't come through?!Now let's talk fish. I love me my omega 3's but, alas, cooking oily fish at home can be a hella smelly experience. It gets smokey and, before long, your whole damn house smells, well, reeks of fish and will attract all the stray cats in the neighborhood! One of the servers at Shimbashi told us that, when she first moved here from Japan, they tried to cook oily fish in their place and the smoke set off all the fire alarms in their apartment building and the fire trucks came, LOL! So do yourself and your neighbors a favor and get your grilled fish here since they prepare 3 different types of mackerel, salmon, yellowtail, and tuna to perfection...like butter!Shimbashi's menu just keeps going on and on so I never get bored with it because all of it they do amazingly well. On our last visit we were fortunate enough to observe one of the chef's prepping a fresh whole salmon. The love and care he put into his work was mind boggling. Each slice was of fish was perfectly presented. Truly outstanding!What's more, their full meals are hearty and satisfying. Personally, I prefer the Izakaya because the foodie in me gets bored easily.  Thank you Shimbashi for always keeping a tasty hooker handy when it comes to pleasing both my scrupulous and unscrupulous palates!!!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,8/28/2013,88,164,1,9,4>Wow, this place is nice! I went in for the first time and walked out happy and relaxed.I went in on a Saturday morning with no appointment and they told me to come back at 1:30 because they had appointments to serve. I understood and came back at 1:30 like they said. When I arrived, I was shown to my spa chair right away.This place is not like your regular nail salon with rows of spa chairs, there are only 2 spa pedicure chairs here. I didn't expect that but now I understand because they need space for the massage room, more on that later.The guy doing my pedicure was very detailed, gentle, and precise. The only thing I wish they did was those hand-painted flower designs. They only had flower stickers which were nice, but not as customized.While getting my pedicure, I noticed a massage deal that I couldn't pass up. So after the pedicure, I got a massage in their very quiet and peaceful massage room.My total came out to $40 (not including tip) for a pedicure and upper-body massage. They also had very good service. I was really glad I came and will be back again, hopefully soon!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/27/2013,137,212,4,4,4>Just as good as the location in Clairemont. Their Super Breakfast burritos are AMAZING. I love their quesadillas, rolled tacos, and shredded beef. I choose this place over ALL Taco Shops for breakfast burritos. Their RED ORANGE hot sauce is magical. I literally use the extra hot sauces on veggies, salads, flava beans, quinoa, tofu--EVERYTHING!! The best part is...it's open 24 hours!!!!!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,8/26/2013,153,253,3,5,4>Okay, a slightly mixed review here.  We went here for an easy birthday dinner (that's what happens when you're born the day after Valentine's day).  Here are the first things I noticed:1. Looks like every other 'surf' decor restaurant in Oceanside/along the 101.  Clean, but nothing spectacular.2. There's an outdoor area that looks like it'd be pleasant when not 40 degrees out.3. There are two menus: a more exotic meat menu, and then a more standard burger menu.4. Order at the register, grab a beer, then grab a seat. There weren't a lot of us in the restaurant, so it took a little while for the food, well, longer than I'd expect, but we had beer and companionship, so it wasn't an awful wait.The kangaroo burger was very standard.  Nothing exciting.  Didn't taste spectacular.  Just was what it was, if a little on the dry side.  The husband was not impressed at all.  (He probably should've stuck with the elk.)The Bacon Mac & Cheese Burger, however, was amazing!  The mac and cheese on top was delicious, the burger was juicy, and the bacon was crisp.  The fries tasted great, and the entire meal was worth it, for me.It was pleasant, and we'll definitely go back, but maybe focus on the beef burgers since we know they can do those well.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,8/25/2013,227,162,2,10,4>Why would you stay at the over-priced Best Western across the street when you can support the local Encinitas community and stay at this lovely hotel?! The Moonlight Beach Motel has all the amenities you need, and maybe a few things you don't. You won't find fancy TVs in the room or expensive coffee makers but you wouldn't need those things when you could be at the beach or grabbing coffee from Lofty Bean in the building across the alley. It's reasonably priced, steps from the beach, walking distance to downtown Encinitas, and nearby to food and touristy things to do. If you're looking for a hotel in Encinitas, or even North County, this is the one to stay at!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,3/22/2014,246,282,9,8,4>Here's the play-by-play for my 5 star  experience  with North Coast Auto Glass-Last Friday, 12:45 pm- Finished surfing Swamis, was driving home on the 101, when a tiny rock hits my windshield12:47 pm- Idiot driver makes a right turn into the Whole Foods parking lot while driving in the left lane, almost side-swipes me, I slam on my brakes, my surfboard slides forward and bumps the area on my windshield where the rock hit a few moments before12:49 pm- Turned onto Encinitas Blvd and I notice a small crack forming on my windshield where my longboard is pressing against it12:50 pm- The crack is getting bigger and I can't stop to pull my board back without causing a traffic accident 12:51 pm- Crack on my windshield is getting REALLY big, like Charlotte's Web12:53 pm- Pull over, run into Robertos Taco shop for an OB Burrito (hey, I was hungry)12:58 pm- Munching on my burrito, I open the Yelp app on my smartphone and start calling nearby Auto Glass Repair places12:59 pm- Called the 1st one and their line is busy (I mean, really?! Isn't this gonna be 2014?!). 1:01 pm- Called the 2nd place, their business line forwards me to a customer service center, and then I'm told that my transferred call cannot be completed (note to business owners- try calling your OWN phone # every month or so to see if it really works)1:02 pm- Called North Coast Auto Glass and a super nice guy answers, takes down my car info, and says he'll call me right back with a quote1:09 pm- Run into the bathroom at Robertos to pull a jalapeno seed out of my teeth, my phone rings, it's North Coast,  the guy quotes me a hella reasonable price, and says he can be at my house the following day at 3 pm to fix everythingSaturday, 2:27 pm- The guy from NorthCoast Glass shows up at my house early (I LIKE THAT), is super knowledgeable and helpful, and begins work3:40 pm- Brand new windshield installed, no worries, no hassle, easy as pie! I would not hesitate to recommend this AWESOME company!!!8:05 pm- My beloved spouse drives into our garage, returning from a business trip to Bakersfield,  with a crack in the windshield of my other car8:06 pm- FML, just FML...
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,3/21/2014,44,373,4,13,9>I took my wife for brunch here after reading the reviews and she already wants to go back. They had $1 mimosa, $2 bellini's and $5 bottle of champagne with OJ. The restaurant has an outdoor patio and is dog friendly as we brought our two dogs with us. They will also provide a small bowl of water if your pups need to quench their thirst. I enjoyed their french fries which had a lot of seasoning on them which you do not find all too often. The food was good, the prices were reasonable and a nice view of the beach if you sit outside. We will be going back. Located next door to VG Donuts.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2014,3/20/2014,46,223,2,12,4>I just placed my order, and was happy to find out that right now one can order items both from the Double Happiness menu and from the Chef Zhu menu (we ordered a little off of each).I'll review the food later, but for now I wanted to let people know that:- you can order off of both menus- the phone number is still 858-481-8584, - they are no no longer offering the 10% discount for pickup orders.----The Scallion Pancakes ----  we found these to be terrible; they were greasy,flavorless, and small....what a waste of money.   Bamboo Mushroom Gluten --- this dish was okay:  although I found it to be fine, my wife did not like it.Seafood Pan Fried Crispy Noodles;  those were good!!!     I would definitely order these again.Double Happiness; it did not taste as good as it did before the change in ownership (maybe it was just a bad day, but it was much blander, lacking the garlicky goodness that usually comes with it)..All this said, the place had newly switched hands when I reviewed this.   Hopefully they have started to fine tune some of their dishes.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/19/2014,155,184,4,8,6>Pho you Pho me!!!This place was voted best Pho in North County...Need I say more??Ive been here 3 times already and am always trying new things every time and I have not found one item that I havent liked.Its family operated and the service is very quick.They have a nice huge tv with sports on and sometimes if your lucky enough youll get to see the wonderful family who own this business have a family dinner in front of you. Rainy days = PhoBad days = PhoHappy days = PhoMunchies = PhoI love their spring rolls so freakin good! It tends to get very packed quickly after 5pm or on rainy days, so be prepared to wait or just call in too and have your order ready for pickup:)I recommend this business to everyone who enjoys Pho!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/18/2014,57,107,4,7,5>There is a reason that there is a line out the door, through the parking lot and around the corner on the weekends!  My husband and I ordered our Wedding 2-tier top cake and 200 cupcakes from here and O-to-the-M-to-the-G was it DELICIOUS!!!  I even wanted the the icing on the cupcakes to be in the shape of roses, and you guessed it, they nailed it!!!  Our cake/ cupcakes were divine AND best of all they tasted unbelievably FABULOUS!!!  Love, Love, In Love with VG's..
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,3/17/2014,107,177,2,15,13>My first experience here was during a yelp elite event.  I knew then I would be back as soon as possible with my boyfriend in tow.  My first experience as a regular patron did not disappoint.What I ate (I would order all again):- ahi poke tostada, $14 (pricey, but oh so good)- jalapeno popper grilled cheese, $9  (Jalapenos, cream cheese, cheddar parmesan crust) - "first date" pizza, $17 for 12 inch (Spinach, mushrooms, truffle oil, olive oil & garlic base, parmesan).    Pros:-Great food, with a great variety and different price points.  Small plates, Entrees, Salads, Soups, Grilled Cheeses and other Sandwiches, Mac & Cheese, Burgers, and Pizzas.  I love that this place offers entrees that can go into the higher price points, but also offer lower price point items for dinner like the sandwiches.  There really is something for everyone on the menu, and you should be able to find something you want to eat at the price you want to pay.-The tap list!!!!  They have a ton of beer on tap, along with some really unique stuff.  I am always on the hunt for new beer to try, and its hard to surprise me, so I really appreciate a place that seeks out new and unique beers.  During this trip I tried a Craftsman sour acorn saison.  The bartender was awesome and let me have a few things to try before I decided on that one.  They even collaborate with some local breweries on exclusive beers that you wont find on tap anywhere else (except maybe the brewery itself).Cons:-Nothing really of note, but the location on the top level of a business park is a tad awkward.Things to know before you go:-There is no self park here during the weekends (I am not sure about weekday evenings).  Valet is complimentary, but if you are a germaphobe and have issues with strangers being in your car (like my bf, which we solve by taking my car) you have been warned.-There were a lot of large families with kids when I went.  Despite the valet parking, I would say this place skews casual.  If I was looking to have a fancy intimate dinner, I am not sure this would be the place I would pick.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,3/16/2014,158,246,5,11,8>Came in for restaurant week, what an amazing deal.I was extremely impressed by their ability to serve our party of 10 around the same time despite their small kitchen. Our plates came out hot and plated beautifully.Highlights:+Pork Belly+Skirt Steak+Pork Porterhouse+Beet SaladThis place easily beats out Whisknladle, where my experience was just average.The service is great, food is amazing and prices are very reasonable. Definitely a to-go spot if you are in the area.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/15/2014,267,353,5,9,7>i actually LOVE this place.it's a small little store in the busiest strip mall in the world.but....OMG the cake.so decadent, so soft, so moist.i have bought a couple of so cute bundt cakes for xmas holiday parties, and they were the hit of the party.the only reason it lost a star is because....the service was a little long, for walking in and ordering a cake.they should have few more cakes ready to go, and when they say 20mins, they really should stick to their timing, and not 1 hour like i had to wait for twice.i know i could have pre-ordered, but honestly, i decided to order this for a quick gift on the whim. i bet that concept happens alot to everyone, which is why i think they should be slightly more prepared to be a quick "go to place" instead of ordering in advance.i'll be back many times, including to order the mini bundts for my girl's bday!!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/14/2014,172,85,6,9,8>I just took my first class here last night and wow, I don't think I've ever been worked so hard in my life.  My muscles were shaky and sweat constantly dripped down my face.  Amy (the founder) was the instructor and she took the time before class to get to know everyone and ask if anyone had injuries she needed to keep in mind.  This is so she would be able to modify the exercise if you're unable to do them.  This is something that all instructors should do!The routine itself consists of a lot of simple movements.  It doesn't look like it would work much, but do it constantly and you'll be begging to stop!  You use mostly body weight, but you might be holding onto a tiny dumbbell or squeezing a small ball between your thighs.  You never stop moving during the entire class.  You need special socks with grips on the sole to take the class.  If you don't have any, you can buy them at the studio.  At the end of class you disinfect all the equipment you used for the next person to use it so rest assured!  The equipment you are using has been cleaned.I was a little confused when I first arrived at the location because it wasn't that clear at first glance where the studio was.  It's actually the first building you see when you enter that plaza.  Definitely give this place a try!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,3/13/2014,189,471,1,6,5>Never wrote a review for this park since we'd only been there a few times, but after returning yesterday, I had to write a review!Wow- what great upgrades!  There's shade coverings now (this is the main reason we didn't go on hot days), tons of new types of play structures (not just slides, but a climbing wall, spinning stuff too!)Plenty of parking (but it can get busy), picnic tables, lots of grassy areas....There's two structures- one for younger kids/babies and then one for the bigger kids.We'll be back!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,4/26/2012,168,440,7,10,7>A 24hr/5 days a week deli that is open in Vista?  Whhhhhaaaaat?  I don't buy it unless they are serving carne asada burritos or grand slams.  So one of my friends takes me to this building in downtown Vista (yes, downtown Vista) and I was surprised to see such a nice building in the middle of the older shops.  And no matter what time you come in during the evening, there are people there.  So you may be put on the guest list.I had had the Deli Rose, and while I liked the taste, it's a little on the messy side.  Maybe too much sauce?  Possibly.  The chips were very tasty, as was the side pickle.  Actually, I ate a few of those side pickles. I have come back a couple times and I have had their yogurt parfait, which was B-O-M-B.  Even if you just want to come and study, get the parfait.  It's good, taste like dessert and you won't feel guilty about it.I would definitely come back, and next time I may just bring my laptop and hang out for a bit.  They got FREE Wi-Fi.  Actually, since I started this review a few weeks ago, I have come back three times.  So go try it out.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,4/25/2012,179,436,7,8,6>Because my dad gets Mondays off from work, my sister (who is in town while our mom is vacationing in the non-crazy region of Korea) and I thought it would be nice for the three of us to have dinner together. The Kimchi Mama frowns upon dining out so I guess we also wanted to take advantage of being complete gluttons while she was away. I come from a family of noodle lovers. Ramen, udon, spaghetti, you name it - we twirl, slurp, and savor it all. Unsurprisingly, it took less than five minutes for the three of us to unanimously agree on Italian food for dinner. Villa Capri Ristorante is classic Italian. I ordered the Fusilli alla Campagnola. The menu describes it as "a rustic dish from the Italian countryside." The dish came with corkscrew noodles, artichokes, zucchini, mushrooms, bell pepper, English peas, diced tomatoes, basil, garlic, and extra virgin olive oil. Fresh, quality ingredients. Flavorful, hearty, and generously portioned. The meal was truly delizioso.My sister ordered the Linguine alle Vongole, an impressive-looking linguine dish with clams, roasted garlic, fresh parsley, in a white wine sauce piled on top. Our dad tried the Linguine con Capesante e Gamberi, also an eye-catching linguine dish with sautéed bay scallops, shrimps, diced tomatoes, served in a garlic spicy pink vodka sauce. Both happily twirled and slurped down their linguine noodles until their plates were empty.Positivi Diversi: Pasta dishes were not overly drenched in sauce nor overly seasoned. We were also served warm fresh-baked French bread with a pesto dipping sauce which was a tasty starter. Stylish contemporary interior decor with warm natural Earth tones. Comfortable seating. Fireplace inside gives the restaurant a cozy atmosphere. Stellar wine list. Friendly staff.Negativi Diversi: Service was on the slow end. Tad pricey (our dishes ranged from $14.99-$16.99 per person). Paper tablecloth covering the cloth tablecloth was tacky-looking. Villa Capri Ristorante is a charming Italian eatery tucked inside the Piazza Carmel Shopping Center located in Carmel Valley. We finally ate here after its grand opening nearly three years ago. (I know, took us long enough.)Alla Fine.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,8/4/2012,136,53,2,4,5>Café 'Secret' is a small Peruvian restaurant located in Old Del Mar. The building has been redone to look like an older European cottage. It's absolutely stunning and fits in perfectly with the Del Mar feel.Tables are set up outside as well as a small dining area inside.I came here for lunch and tried a traditional chicken empanada. The meal came with a side salad. I am not very familiar with Peruvian, but I enjoyed the flavors immensely and for only $5.95, you can't go wrong. It's so much healthier (and tastier!) than getting a value meal a fast food joint for the same price.The soup of the day was a vegan roasted garlic and squash; YUM! This was just the soup of the day, not a regular menu item.The dinner menu looked fabulous. Obviously, I can not comment on that....yet. But I will definitely be back for more!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2011,8/3/2012,52,77,2,2,2>Breakfast is easily one of my favorite things to eat, so upon my return to California my best friend decided we should go to The Wayside Cafe.Breakfasted:- The Wayside Combo- Stuffed French ToastWayside is really cute and has a great retro vintage feel. It was a hot day in Fallbrook and it felt like there was no AC inside Wayside so it was pretty warm. We opted to sit on the patio where there was a little breeze and cooler than it was inside.We arrived around 11am on a Monday morning. We were sat promptly. Like many other reviewers said, service is slow. It took a while for us to get our drinks and for our food to come out; however, the server was very nice and had a smile on her face. I opted for The Wayside Combo (or something similar to that for about $7.75 or so). It came with an egg, a meat, and pancakes. I got an over easy egg, two slices of bacon and three pancakes, which I upgraded to chocolate chip pancakes for about $0.50. Everything was really good. The egg was nice and yolky. The bacon could have been crispier, but it was still good (then again it's bacon, how can it not be good). The chocolate chip pancakes were delicious! There was a perfect amount of chocolate chips and the pancakes were nice and fluffy.Maeghan got the cream cheese stuffed french toast with hash browns for a little over $8. The stuffed french toast was pretty tasty. I happen to love cream cheese so this was right up my alley. There was a strawberry sauce over the french toast which was a little sweet for me; I would have preferred that there was no strawberry sauce or that it was on the side. The hash browns were okay; I wish they would have been a little more crisp.Overall, Wayside is a cute little place for breakfast. It's not particularly amazing and the service is not the fastest, but the food was good enough. Would I go back? Maybe. I don't think that I'd ever be like, let's go to Wayside, but it was good enough and cute enough for what it is.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,8/2/2012,67,153,,3,3>I love the food here. The steaks are prepared perfectly every time. I tend to like their "black and blue" new york, ordered without the toppings. They used to offer it that was for a few dollars less, but now you have to order and ask to have it left off. The bleu cheese looks like snot, and sort of ruins the appearance of the food when it first arrives.The waiters are generally pretty nice and pretty knowledgeable about the food. If you ask a question about the beer, you will typically receive a sample of the beer. Sometimes, they give you so many samples of beers, you don't need to buy one.I can tell you the beer float is not what it sounds like: a typical float is a glass full of liquid with a ball of ice cream floating in it. But, here, it is a glass with mostly ice cream and they give you two little glasses of beer to pour over the ice cream. The ratio is wrong.If you order the chocolate on tap, ask for extra caramel syrup!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,8/1/2012,136,113,5,6,4>Finally something good I can rave about that has come out of Escondido. It's so nice to find such a friendly, delicious, super clean place right in my own neighborhood. With that said, the owners would make a killing if this place was in SD. The tortas are huuuge. I always bring a friend, we share and yet still leave full and satisfied. I get the usually get the Lomo, which comes on a warm and toasty roll, with cool crispy condiments &  oh so spicyly avacadowy...mmm. It's very different from the tortas I've had in mexico, but what mexican food in the states isn't? Agua Frescas are amazingly refreshing, basically tastes like drinking a strawberry. Fruit salads are uber fresh & delish. The smoothies are simple and all blended right there in front of you with freshly chopped fruits, juice (or milk by request) and ice. Jumba Juice doesn't even get this fresh! (I should know, I used to work there like 10 thousand years ago).
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,7/31/2012,133,389,5,5,4>Really liking how they re-did the place!I never cared for wings & things before, but they've made some really nice improvements so they've turned me into a fan! First off, theres a crap ton of TV's at this location so you don't have to worry about twisting your head to watch a game. Second, a pitcher of some good ol' beer is only 9 freakin bucks! This includes Green Flash hop head red, stone ipa and pale ale, and karl strauss red trolley to name a few. When we get a pitcher, its cheaper than buying the pints individually from Green Flash themself down the street. That's when you know you're getting a deal :) 4 full pints out of a pitcher here, none of that 3 and a half pint bizz. $9/4 pints = $2.25/pint. I think people pay that much for a fountain drink. hahah steal.Wings are a good price and I get full off of them so the portions are right. I like the sweet chili sauce :) Breadsticks taste like they came from Pat & Oscars across the parking lot, but I'm not complaining. Sometimes I wish they gave you more carrots but oh wells.For the money, this place is hard to beat. Only thing I'd have to knock them down for is the service. It takes foreverrrrr to get your food. Ordered 6 breadsticks (and that's it) and it took them about 15 minutes to bring it out after we had to walk up to the bar counter to inquire about them. There were only 2 other people in the joint waiting for food lol. That's pretty lame, but at least I have cheap beer to drink while I wait.Come on a weekend night and the place will probably be packed with high schoolers, just a heads up.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,7/30/2012,28,141,,6,4>Not sure where all the negativity is coming from but our experience was above par. We went for lunch Saturday afternoon and were promptly seated. First of all, great work on this place! The architecture is amazing and all the seating is very good quality and modern looking. There is a huge rectangular bar in the middle of the restaurant, with cool LED lighting all over lighting up the different alcohol bottles. Food was excellent, I was nervous after reading reviews but I think they just got the hiccups you can expect from any new launch. It seems like the kinks have been worked out and everything tasted great, looked great, and went down easy.Saved the best for last - the drinks! I think I before leaving I must of thanked our bartender twice for making the best drinks we've had in a while. A good drink is not drowning in alcohol, but one that combines the flavors nicely AND gets ya nice and warm. Best margaritas I've had in a long time, very fresh, hand squeezed and fair price. Despite what ratings they may have, give it a try for yourself, def worth it.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,7/29/2012,20,33,6,6,6>Great place for a day outdoors in the Fall.  We enjoy the pumpkin patch, checking out the many varieties of fall gourds and other veggies that have been harvested.  On the weekends there are great vendors, but it's also great to go mid-week when there's less congestion and just let the kids run around and feed the animals with a bag or two of .50 feed from the main store.  It's also fun to grab some salt water taffy to chew on.  On the weekend, the BBQ is great for lunch and we can't leave without getting a large bag of kettle corn.  Great place for Fall photos and fun memories.  Overall, a great place to go in the Fall for some festive activities.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/21/2011,7/28/2012,112,434,3,3,3>Yikes! I didn't realize that there are about 38 " ____ Giant Pizza's" in the San Diego area.  Makes me want to try them all ! So I came to NY GIant Pizza to "eat my feelings" and a giant slice of pizza, salad and a drink for $6 sounded like a good deal.  (It's actually $5 but I added some toppings). I am new to the concept of a Giant Pizza!  Giant pizzas are literally the size of an SUV tire... make that bigger !  And if you come in for a slice, it will be about a foot-long (maybe a foot and a half, I didn't have time to take notes, because I devoured it!) They actually made me a fresh pizza so I got to experience it right out of the oven. As far as a New York Pizza goes, I don't know if it had that saltiness that I often find in the crust, but the crust was thin (not crackery) and I actually liked their salad.  Seems like they cut the ingredients fresh. For a lunch time spot - I would recommend this joint. I think I will try this place for our sunday football eat-a-thons!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,7/27/2012,68,78,4,9,5>Oh my tastes buds are oh so happy... I give Escogelato a 10!I almost kept this place a secret, but I will be nice and tell you all about it.As a born and raised Italian, this is true gelato! The flavors are always changing based on what is the freshest ingredient available.On my last visit they had watermelon, raspberry, spicy mango, mayan chocolate, hazelnut, lemon, red velvet, coconut, apricot, chocolate and the list goes on and on and on (Yikes, just writing this makes me want to jump in my car and rush over there for some pure bliss!).If you visit I reccomend you make it a lunch or a dinner: Order a panini (you can share), and than indulge on the gelato.I was VERY HAPPY to see that they offer "Affogato" = (my preference from back home) Hazelnut and pistachio gelato with a shot of espresso poured over it! The espresso is real , delicious and will jolt you awake!The owner: Well, her idea came from the time she lived in Europe where Ice cream shops are usually a local hang out. You could swing by for a coffee or for a gelato and meet up with friends.BONUS: no matter what size you order you can have more than one flavor in your cup! I usually get the small with 3 flavors! WIN!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,7/26/2012,168,420,4,4,3>I don't love sandwiches, but damn these sandwiches are GOOD!The ordering process (different, but i LOVE it!):You grab a bag corresponding to their numbers (IE. #1, #2, #3, etc. - so if you want meat and it's #1, grab bag #1, if you want chicken and that's bag #7, grab bag #7).  The bag indicates the type of meat options they have (so I grabbed #7 for chicken, and they had plain chicken, chicken pesto, teriyaki chicken, buffalo chicken, and a few other options) - and from there you check off (or fill in the bubble) for whatever else you want (toasted/untoasted, add more toppings/double the meat, etc). You can also order any 'wich' on shredded lettuce for a no carb option, and they have kid wich's too!What I ate:- Small chicken pesto: it was DELISH!  The bread isn't too think so I didn't feel like it was all bread, but it was GOOD. - OREO milkshake: added bananas (which were blended in) - it was really good, and of course it sat in my tummy for days because it was so heavy!  They also have cookies and chips too.  There isn't much seating inside, but they have a few tables outside as well.  Napkins (brown paper towels) are by the soda fountain.  and this might seem like a minor thing for some of you, but i hate huge chunks of ice.  When I try drinking something if the ice comes down to me first before my drink it gets all over my mouth - so i LOVE that they have crushed ice!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,4/21/2014,36,154,3,7,5>I don't even know how it's possible that I haven't left a review for this place. After living in Cardiff for years East Coast Pizza has become a staple in my take out rotation. But my favorite thing to do here is grab 2 slices and enjoy the evening outside. You literally cannot beat this place. The service is the best in town, the pizza is awesome and the atmosphere is perfect for those who are just looking to relax for a (very) quick bite. East Coast also has pizza that is unlike any in the area. There is a level of finesse and care that you just don't find at your run of the mill pizza place. Toppings are fresh, the meats are the best I've had outside Chicago and it is always cooked or reheated (my preference) to perfection. East coast pizza is epic. Give the meat lovers or pesto a try.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,4/20/2014,52,147,4,8,7>I really like the Bier Garden. I think it's a great addition to downtown Encinitas. They always have my beloved Julian Hard Cider on tap, so bonus points for that.I also really like the food here! I recommend the ceviche, the calamari, and the short rib sandwich. Especially the short rib sandwich...it's great. The Lobster BLT is good too.Service can be a little spotty, but always friendly.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/19/2014,86,238,5,9,5>First timer and I will be returning. I was in need of a new hair salon and a haircut. I did not know there was a salon in 4S Ranch, so when my wife made the appointment and drop me off I was a little taken a back; however, the salon is clean and the stylist was waiting for to arrive (and I got there a few minutes before my scheduled appointment), so kudos points. The layout is simple, chic, and minimalist. Kaylin was my hair stylist and she took excellent care of me. We had a consultation, and she listen to my concerns and my specific list on what I wanted (or at least had in mind). She discussed with me and provided feed back even suggested alternatives. When we had an idea in mind we both understood and liked, she washed my hair adding a little head rub, and back to the chair to get started. We talked but it wasn't forced and at one point I started to fall asleep (I work nights and I had just gotten out of bed for my late afternoon appointment). She indulged me and allowed me to 'rest my eyes' and giggled with me when I blushed and gave her the entire back story. An added plus, when she was styling my hair she went back in to trim up or catch the 'run aways' to make sure it was perfect. I am incredible happy with my hair cut, it's exactly what I wanted - and even more happy Kaylin was attentive and delivered exactly what I wanted. I highly recommend Kaylin and Gloss Salon.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,4/18/2014,7,203,3,13,9>ROXY puts the Bomb in Bombshell !! After being utterly disappointed with my last hairdresser, I leaned on Yelp and looked for a 5 star joint nearby.   So, first round of thanks go to Yelpers!!  The Bombshell receptionist set me up with an appointment for Roxy - so second round of thanks go to her!  Third round of thanks go to Roxy for taking such pride in her work and trying everything possible to fix up the butchered shelf layers from the previous hair salon.  I will most definitely be coming back!+ Wasn't too familiar with the Encinitas area, so I just parked in the Whole Foods underground parking lot when I got near the address.  Turns out they are right next door to Whole Foods.  Bonus points for ample parking spots underground - no need to search for street parking.+ Upon arrival, one of the receptionists handed me a glass (stemless wine glass - so fancy) of cold water while I waited.  Very nice first impression.+ Lots of products for sale around the front - Kerastase is the high end hair line they offer.  Looks like they carried a lot of Urban Expressions (vegan) handbags, as well as lots of handmade jewelry and candles - including my favorite ones from Capri Blue.   + Another plus - Roxy didn't pressure me AT ALL to purchase the products used to wash and style my hair that day.  Other salons are constantly trying to push you to buy products.  She just let me know what she was using - no pressure to buy.  Loved it.+ Roxy was very easygoing and a pleasure to talk to.  We spent quite a bit of time discussing my issues with the previous cut (from another salon) and how to fix it so I could keep as much length as possible.  So incredibly happy with her!!+ The salon itself is just adorable.  The design and details are just my cup of tea. + Got home to a boyfriend who commented on my 'great haircut.'  :-)THANK YOU Bombshell Salon, Yelpers and ROXY!!!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,4/17/2014,66,96,4,7,5>Honestly my favorite breakfast spot in Carlsbad. I've tried so many dishes and have loved all of em. My real test is always bringing friends and family here. I do always remember to never rant and rave about a place that I love since everyone seems to turn into a hater when I do that. You all know what I mean.. Haha. So I keep my mouth shut n let everyone judge for themselves. Needless to say it works, I haven't had one complaint yet from anyone and I can say everyone has loved everything they've had here.This place is very popular and can get a packed at times. I have nothing  bad to say a out the staff either, all are very friendly n attentive. Check out the app food spotting for more pix on there mouth watering dishes!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,4/16/2014,72,145,8,6,4>SPOILER ALERT! This place has a drive thru! No need to get out of the car! The ex turned me on to this place a looong time ago. I'd driven by for years and never even given it a glance. Dumb dumb. It's open all the time.. Need an "I'm drunk" Carne Asada burrito at 2am? This is your place!!! Rolled tacos with guac and sour cream for lunch? Yep, good call!! The guys at the drive thru are always spot on and have never screwed up my order.. EVER! If you dine in and have to pee I'd suggest the alley over the bathroom (Guys) or get it to go and haul ass home (girls). They can be a little gamey later in the evenings. I seldom go in and just hit the drive thru so it's typically not and issue for me. They aren't afraid to stuff a tortilla to it's max density. You order a burrito and you'll find yourself full at the end.The nice thing is if you add stuff (rice, sour cream or the like) they don't deduct fillings to make room, they just keep stuffing and rolling! If you're still hungry after a visit to Diego's then either the next stop should be to the doctor to have the tapeworm removed or you ordered off the Niño menu. There are a couple caveats:Their salsa isn't that great. It never has been. Watch the adds. It can get pricey to add extras to your burritos or tacos. Beware the "Medium Rare Bacon" in the breakfast burrito. It's happened to me twice.Crap! Now I want a burrito and it's quarter past 11.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,4/15/2014,55,39,6,19,9>Before coming to PDC, I hadn't been to the dentist in 10 years (last time my parents forced me to go).  Consequently.. I needed some major cleaning and fillings.  For someone who was terrified of the dentist to begin with.. this was something I dreaded to hear!During that initial visit - Dr. Snow and I set up a plan for the next year to get me back on track.  It was very helpful to know upfront what was needed and when it was going to be done.  Most importantly, I was given a billing estimate of all the cleanings that we had scheduled as well as some other procedures I was considering (wisdom teeth).  My insurance changed halfway through 2013, and there were no hiccups with PDC providing me with an updated billing estimate or billing my new insurance.Dr. Snow filled my cavities faster than I could blink!  He also has a sense of humor which is nice to ease your mind if you are nervous.Andrea is my hygienist at PDC, and I couldn't be happier.  She is very gentle when cleaning and answers all my (random) questions during visits.  She has definitely removed my fear of the dentist's office.  Maybe even inspired me to floss more in 2014? I also love the fact that PDC offers later office visits (6-6:30pm) which don't require me to leave work.  The office is very clean and has updated dental equipment (and TVs).Hopefully, I won't need any major work now that I am back on a healthy cleaning routine!  Thank you to Dr. Snow and PDC staff!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,4/14/2014,125,269,6,8,8>Last Sunday, my cousins and I had brunch at Sea and Smoke in Del Mar for cousin Carol's birthday.We were seated in a cute corner of the restaurant, in a long table for 15, 5 of which were squirmy little boys ages 5 and under. The location of our table was kind of separated from the rest of the restaurant which helped mask the noise of the kids and the cackling laughter of my girl cousins!I had the pork belly benedict which was totally yummy! Two big, fat pieces of roasted pork belly topped with poached egg and hollandaise sauce, on top of jalapeno corn bed, all inside a cast-iron skillet.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,4/13/2014,157,368,6,9,8>Want a quick delicious burger without the wait of a sit-down restaurant?  Want fresh, organic ingredients AND a friendly attitude?  Burger Lounge has all these things. Upscale burgers without the upscale 'tude.  Fun menus, simple burgers.  They also have fun, less simple burgers like their veggie quinoa and boar burgers (*note: boar burger may have been a seasonal special).  I had the little lounge - a smaller version of their classic size.  I ordered my "lounge style", which means it came with 1000 island dressing and some other stuff.  The other option is "classic" or "whatever you want to put on it." We also opted to split a regular fry, which was totally enough for two unless you're a fry glutton - in which now I must mention you should learn to split fries because being a fry glutton can lead to health issues (*note: any fries, not just ones from BL).  Although we didn't try the onion rings, they looked mighty good as well. The only downside to this place is the lack of seating. During busy hours, it can be hard to find a table.  And don't bother with bringing a group of more than 4.  Actually, you're better off with just 2.  You might find a seat then. Also, parking in this complex sucks, but I can't hold that against BL.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/12/2014,101,397,9,12,8>for my birthday dinner with the wife and short people, i decided on BLUE OCEAN, right around the corner from my office and a place i've wanted to try since before they opened. very elegant -- really a spectacular job on the remodel. still working out the rough edges on service. i understand in a month or so they plan on opening for lunch after sorting out the kinks.we started with the SALT and PEPPER CALAMARI. i really liked the dish (arrived hot and crisp, loved the lemon aioli dip) but the kids thought it was too spicy.kids are partial to soy beans and asked for the WOK SEARED GARLIC EDAMAME. really nasty. not seared but gently braised in warm oil. very greasy with a soggy mouth feel, they were the evening's low point. JULIANA, the nine-year old daughter, ordered SHRIMP and WYATT, my seven-year old son, ordered SALMON, both from the ROBATA GRILL. both looked amazing but were devoured before i had a chance to "share" ...JODI's CARAMELIZED EGGPLANT was sticky sweet and had a great texture and flavor except that the hazelnuts were left whole and kinda overwhelmed things.i had the robata PORK BELLY and it was soft, succulent and generally life-changing. could unabashedly call those tasty little morsels a religious experience.WYATT's RAINBOW SPIDER ROLL (isn't that what you order when you can't make up your mind ??) looked awfully pretty and he and his mom finished it off in short order.the SALMON collar was very good -- grilled with a spectacular green papaya slaw. another crowd pleasing favorite.WYATT's TUNA SASHIMI was dense and rich and promptly devoured.my TUNA BELLY SASHIMI was melt-in-my-mouth delicious !!!great spot for dinner but skip STARBUCKS and lunch not because it's that filling but you're gonna need the extra money 'cause you're gonna want to stay and close the place and it ain't cheap.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,10/3/2013,2030,893,9,10,9>This place is awesome!  A in-the-know friend introduced me to this place for lunch awhile ago and I can't believe I haven't written a review for this joint. After having dinner here last night, it made me realize, it was time!I got out of meetings at the height of rush hour so rather than make the trip home in bumper to bumper traffic, I decided to have a relatively early dinner and wait for the traffic to die down a bit.  The three other times I've been here for lunch, the lines were long and while they moved, there was a bit of a wait. On this most recent visit, I arrived a little after 5:30pm and found the long lines to be nonexistent. Of course, when I have time to kill, stuff just moves at the speed of light. = )  Like I've done in all previous visits, I ordered the Free Range Chicken Cobb salad without dressing and the bleu cheese on the side. It had all the regular fixings; bacon, avocado, tomato and egg mixed in.  The portion sizes for the salads are large but I managed to devour the entire thing. Even though I didn't add the buttermilk dressing, the salad was still very tasty. I'm all for tasting the produce and other ingredients rather than just tasting dressing -- so while this might not be for everyone, it worked just fine for me and I was completely satisfied. I think next time though, I will either ask for the bacon to be placed on the side or for them to go light on it. While the plate was nearly picked clean, there was lots of bacon pieces still lingering. It was just a tad too much. 30 minutes or so after I got there, the crowds arrived. If you want to beat the dinner rush, safe to say, 5:30 is the time to get there.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,10/2/2013,157,368,2,7,5>About 8:40pm on a Sunday, we pulled up to China Cafe, and weren't sure if it was open or not.  The sign was off, so we began to turn around.  Then little lady ran out waving her arms shouting "to-go? to-go?" we replied, "yes" and she let us in.  Apparently they close at 9 on Sundays, and were wrapping things up. We ordered, and not even 5 minutes later our food was bagged up and ready to go.  I have no idea how it was prepared that quick, and I don't care.  We took it home, half expecting to be 6 hour left over food, and to our surprise it was fresh and delicious.  Like, really good.  We ordered the szechuan chicken (spicy level 7), and it was just right.   One order was good enough for 2 of us, and we still had leftovers.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,10/1/2013,224,171,6,3,4>I recently discovered that Mexican food is my favorite food/ what I like to eat.. After years of telling people...."Favorite food? Pssh no.. no, no.. thats wrong to have favorites.. food should be treated equal.. I love everything as long as its fancy to my taste bud..!" Then one day.. it hit me like lightening.. why is it that I always crave for some delicious Mexican food, especially some $1 Tacos from EL PATRON ! Yes, the moment of realization, the moment of no longer being in denial was all due here.. The $1 dollar tacos is so worth it, the tacos are like street tacos from TJ ! Yum, well its definitely really busy for Taco Tuesday, though the wait wasn't too long. GET THE Carne Asada tacos & fish tacos.. no regrets. I promise...well besides extra inches to the waist.. but everyone loves that extra cushion ;)
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,9/30/2013,151,125,3,4,4>Downtown Carlsbad near the beach, great coffee, tea, food, and staff to match. Pretty much sums it up. But if you need to know more, here you go. It is a cafe/coffee/ice cream neighborhood spot located up stairs in the plaza at Carlsbad village dr and Carlsbad Blvd. features inside and outside seating. Staff is very friendly and efficient. Plenty of choices on the menu for espresso and teas. Staff will even help with some recommendations. Tried a bagel breakfast sandwich with turkey, Swiss, lettuce, and tomato. Bagel was toasted and cheese was melty. Always a great combo. Very fresh tasting also. students, and social coffee drinkers will love this...free refills on coffee. Great study spot. Doggie tagging along?? No problem, grab a seat outside and you can both enjoy the Carlsbad beach breeze in a dog friendly community. Prices are fair compared to chain coffee shops. I would say the quality is better though. I am big on supporting small businesses and this one has my support!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/29/2013,64,180,3,7,4>Found this place by accident on a bike ride. Really awesome beach to hang out at. The best part about this beach to me is how shallow the water stays for a very long time. I mean I think thats convenient for someone who's child is trying to get used to the real ocean at first.They have showers at the top of the hill, but the controls are funkier than usual. Really cool find, glad it's there.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,9/28/2013,391,270,4,8,6>Went here for the bestie's birthday dinner shindig recently.  They have a $25 pp all-you-can-eat menu that includes a lot of their rolls, nigiri and kitchen items!  It can get crowded here primarily due to that reason - decent fish at a decent price.FOOD:-  Baked Lobster Roll - yum :)- Volcano Roll (too much rice) - Baked mussels - okay- seaweed salad - small bowl, yummy - nigiri (uni, salmon, hamachi, masago and ikura) - YUMMY!!!  My fave out of everything I tried.-Happy Hour drinks 30% off after 9 pm on weekdays.SERVICE:For the most part, they were pretty good about service.  The food came out in a timely manner, even for a group of 30 of us, but a couple of times our waitress brought out stuff we didn't order...for example...she brought me a sake when I wanted a Sapporo.  TIPS:-For the AYCE deal, make sure you are able to eat everything you order!  They charge extra if you don't!  We had to take THREE breaks and come back and revisit our unfinished food....-Make reservations...it's not that big inside.-There was a dj spinning that night...top 40...and some drunkie female stragglers getting pretty drunk and grinding all over the place while people were trying to eat.  I saw a waitress try to pull one of the drunk girls off her chair...this made us feel a little awkward as well as other diners in there.  Bring your kids with caution haha.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,9/27/2013,198,234,3,7,3>I have finally found a dentist who really cares. I went to Cabrillo Dental in San Diego and right off the bat, they gave me a estimate that was over $2500 out of pocket (I have 2 dental insurances). At Carmel Mountain Dental Care, I felt like Dr. Lee and his staff tries their best to accommodate to the patient's needs instead of trying to make a lot of money off a business. The staff is incredibly patient and kind. Ellie, the "financial coordinator", goes above and beyond to help me. Dr. Lee found that Cabrillo Dental did not seal my crown properly and told me he would help me contact Cabrillo Dental if Cabrillo Dental did not want to redo my crown.My only downside is that I wish I had found this place sooner! :)
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,9/26/2013,43,74,4,4,5>I've been blessed with what some might call, thin hair - it's not all the way gone, and I don't want to just buzz it, so I decided to see the professionals. Personality is what sets this place apart from the chain salons/ cookie cutter hair cut places. The guys here are pro. The shop is relaxed, fun, and has a gritty man-cave feel. This is a great Barber Shop. I enjoy getting that relaxing time in the chair, away from work and everything else. I imagine its how my wife feels getting her hair, nails or whatever else done. I can always count on good conversation with my barber or anyone else in the shop.I want to reiterate the point that the barbers at this shop are pros. They know their craft and keep this thin-haired head of mine still looking good. I've had cuts on multiple occasions from Vic and Justin and have left happy every time.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,9/25/2013,41,38,5,8,6>My first impression of Bier Garden when walking in was "Wow, am I in Encinitas anymore?" Granted Encinitas has modern and hip restaurants like Union and Blue Ribbon Pizza popping up all over, but I haven't quite been impressed like I was with Bier Garden. The indoor area is very breezy as the bar opens up into an outdoor bar/dining area.  There is a beautiful tree/root installation in the middle of the restaurant which gives it a whimsical and outdoorsy feel.  As an artist I absolutely love that Bier Garden went for something completely different.The bartender (I think his name was Kenny) was incredibly welcoming and even shook my hand as I sat down at the outdoor bar.  He remained attentive and cracked jokes with me throughout Happy Hour.  He also sympathized when I told him I hate sugary drinks and made the most delicious STRONG margarita.  Happy hour prices were decent and my friend and I inhaled the Brie and chicken skewers which were so tender! On another occasion, I enjoyed their martinis a little too much.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/24/2013,79,93,14,6,9>Addison (n) 1. Joseph, English writer. 2. Mizner, American resort architect.  3. San Diego restaurant equivalent of a trophy bride.Del Mar, 2013.  Three young people resplendent in high fashion step from a German motorcar and into another culinary dimension.  A soaring portico and foyer, appointed with gilded ironwork and awash in gentle evening light, set an atmosphere of simultaneous reverence and excitement for an epicurean experience unlike any other. We had come to spend an evening in Chef William Bradley's grand temple of french cuisine, stepping into an unforgettable symphonic poem made of crystal, silver, and a cohort of delicate flavors.The order of the day: Carte Blanche.  Seven courses.  A veritable symphony by C.P.E Bach adapted from aural form into a state suitable for plating.  A prelude on the terrace adjoining Addison's Salon, accompanied by Thai Basil Martini and wine, was a lingering pleasure.  The martinis - masterfully mixed by bartender Mike Guest - are Addison's signature cocktail, and with good reason.  Never has blueberry stoli been mixed to such great effect.  And the wine list, here as in the restaurant, unparalleled.Whisked to a table laid before soaring windows, our cabernet franc decanted and corkage fee waived, and a stool for the lady's purse, the symphony itself was set to begin.  Seven courses, with surprises to spare.  A lightly tart amuse bouche, christened the "Jardin de Fruits," introduced a Californian leitmotif.  Followed by warm gougeres - a divinely light puff pastry dashed with sea salt and filled with sherry crèmeux - ushered a variation on a refrain that would arrive between each course to follow of breads that melt away as they embrace your tongue.  Kumamoto oysters - nestled on a white beach of sea salt and accented with caviar - introduced the symphony's first full movement: a tribute to the sea that arranged with lightness and delicacy.  King crab doused in champagne and again accompanied by caviar on a boat of spinach, followed by king salmon "au beurre doux" - a tart and sorrel - conspired to offer an oceanic basso continuo.Gnudi de printemps, with mushroom being the order of the day, offered a soft interlude to carry us into our symphony's impressionistic second movement: a french commentary on California's finest.  A glazed short rib, accompanied with a potato puree and mushroom gratin, offered a rich adagio passage that was shortly followed with a fourme d'ambert, replete with raisin jam and walnuts.  A lighter variant on bleu cheese, this small course managed to find a special place in my heart.  The final movement, a final crescendo, opened with a mango sorbet, cleansing the palate for a peanut butter terrine and final macaroon to close.  The former - a decadent slice of nutty goodness accented with gold and chocolate - and the latter - a surprise finale - disappeared from our plates as rapidly as the first seven courses had.  And as the final notes were struck we were allowed to linger and reflect on our intimate encounter with what, in the end, was truly edible art.Throughout service was extraordinarily attentive and choreographed to the point where our needs were anticipated before we asked.  Should still water be mistakenly poured, no sooner does one blink and a glass of sparkling has taken its place.  The lady receives her course first, and the gentlemen are simultaneously served seconds later.  And each waiter is a sommelier; versed in the subtle flavors and qualities of each and every bottle in Addison's impossibly extensive collection.  Addison's service, for lack of a better word, is indeed unparalleled.Rising to leave and escorted back into the library by our hostess, where a cozy fire was now burning, we were each presented an enveloped menu recounting our meal and a bag of shortbread to enjoy the next morning.  The staff, universally and genuinely warm, bade us farewell as we were escorted to our waiting car.  I have a feeling they knew we would return sometime.   And indeed they are right.  One does not just dine when one visits Addison... one discovers and rejoices with each and every bite.  The experience is operatic in every sense of the word - epic in scope, intimate in expression - and speaks to the baronial desires of those who look to experience a new standard of living.  Go.  And become royalty for an evening.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,7/20/2014,246,282,15,13,11>"Forgive me Father for I have Sinned..."I am guilty of giving in to temptation by allowing the sanctity of my boring but clean diet to be soiled, by Pure Burger. The devil came to me, during lunch, around 1:30 pm last Friday, on a cloudy overcast afternoon, after surfing windy 3-4 foot waves, in the form of a triple (yes, that's 3 patties), orgasmic, organic, grass fed, free range, locally sourced Tillamook swiss cheeseburger, with avocado, mushrooms, grilled onions, organic ketchup, balsamic mustard, mayo, and sprouts, on a freshly baked whole wheat bun. PRAISE THE LORD!!! Well worth the $10 donation to my waistline!!!The "Loaded Fries" with bacon, cheddar, avocado, and "Pure Spread" stained me even more and added to my repentance. For safe measure, I made sure to also order a  "Double Veggie" burger with pickles, onion, and hot-pepper relish to take home for dinner later that evening in order to absolve my tasting the divine meat earlier in the day. So this place used to be Elevation Burger. I loved it then and LOVE it even more NOW!!! They give you a LOT more choices for toppings (burger sinners love them their avocado and bacon) and three choices of buns, White, Whole Wheat, Lettuce Wrap, and Gluten Free. They welcome special requests for their burgers and even kept the Vegetarian and Vegan burger options, YAY!Service here is spot ON and they patiently tell you your options, explain the divinity of their patty creations, and give you time to contemplate your choosing. The burgers here taste clean, are cooked juicy yet, lean,  and are not dry like some other heathen Golden Arches fast-food place! As for the fries, they are cooked in nummy peanut oil and you can get them alone (Pure), Seasoned, or Loaded (with as many topping as you please, whee!)!!! The salads are tossed fresh to order and are next on my list to try alooooooooong with their awesome looking shakes which you can top with REAL fruit, peanut butter (yes, really), salted caramel, marshmallow, granola, honey, and...Oreos! DAMN! Oops, Heck!Pure Burger? Pure Goodliness! Hail Mary, may my next blue jeans size be full of grace...
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,7/19/2014,529,620,6,16,10>My family used to frequent this place when it was Japanese Cafe. The owners of the new place are the friendliest husband and wife couple around. I really enjoyed the woman owners attempt to assist me with making a decision. The menu offers a variety of choices; both Japanese and Taiwanese food. They were nice enough to let know about their most popular menu items: Fried pork chops with rice and Taiwan BBQ Spare Ribs.I finally settled on the fried pork chops with rice. It also came with cabbage which I really enjoyed. It had lots of flavor. The fried chops were also yummy; I wasn't too excited about how the rice was prepared. I know it was just plain white rice, but there was an overly sticky consistency that I didn't care for and it was bland. No problem, that was nothing that a little soy sauce couldn't take care of. I also ordered the gyoza and miso soup. The gyoza was good, I just wish it came with a dipping sauce. Again, not a problem, I just created my own using Trader Joe's Sweet Chili Sauce - winning! The miso soup was also decent.Overall, I enjoyed this place. I'm a sucker for customer service, and this place nails it.I'll be back soon for those BBQ Spare Ribs!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,7/18/2014,120,150,2,8,5>We really liked this place! Great beer and wine, and I love the concept of having both in one place- makes it easier for people to agree! We've been here a few times, both late night and early evening, and it's always packed (in a good way. There's nothing creepier than a totally empty bar.) Last time we were there we had a beer flight each, which was great for us to try a bunch of different local beers. We've also had wine which was good as well. The crowd is cool and it has a great vibe!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/17/2014,187,331,4,7,7>Hostage Gastronome and I attended the fashion show at Harrah's not really having read between the lines that it wouldn't be a food and drink fest like Yelp sponsored events.  Consequently, we were starving as we approached Valley View Casino.  Happy to have escaped extensive shopping and make-overs, HG offered to stop.  I took the opportunity to sign up for Players Club memberships though the next reservation time to cash in our free lobster buffet wasn't for several hours.Using the handy dandy Yelp app, I discovered Black & Blue's positive reviews, and moments later we were ensconced in a luxurious booth and soothing quiet mere steps from the casino floor where I'd just fought down a tremendous smoke-induced gag reflex.  I think HG was feeling a little splurgy in reaction to some of the sad get-rich-quick-people we saw, but this turned out to be an incredibly cheap meal thanks to the four types of in-house freshly baked bread - asiago cheese, cranberry walnut, flakey roll, and a Hawaiian-like roll with a creamy blue cheese mixture.  I think they would have amiably breaded us indefinitely, this in addition to an amuse bouche of olives and sweet and savory nuts... and then there were chocolates at the end!  Maybe we weren't supposed to get all the trimmings considering we never got around to ordering an entree.  The generous pours on the wine flight, wedge salad split into two perfect portions free of charge, and the Lobster Tower completely filled us up.  Our server, Caroline, was so knowledgeable and attentive that I couldn't read the Yelp reviews quickly enough, but next time I'll try a different appetizer - not that the Tower wasn't good, but the lobster didn't make it any more tasty than one with crab.  We felt like such thieves getting out of there for $34 in food and a 17% added gratuity that we had to tip more.  Another couple sat in the wine vault, but I wouldn't suggest that unless you were dressed for one of those vodka ice bars (and who would be in Valley Center?).  There's also a private room that seats 20.  So excited about B & B that we may never eat our free lobster buffet!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,7/16/2014,172,396,6,12,8>Another bookmark checked off!  What a cute nook to sit and enjoy a cold or hot drink alone or with someone!They have quite a few hot and cold drinks to offer.I'm enjoying my warm drink on this cold, windy, overcast day out in the patio area.You can't help but look at all the succulents that are available for purchase.  You have some that are sold alone or already made into a arrangement.  I was told that the plant are collected from various growers about 30 mins away throughout the county.Besides wanting to try all the drinks I would love to have a chance to check out every succulent in this calming environment.  Music in the background, surrounded by greenery and sipping my chai.... I feel so zen right now.I'm happy to finally check this location off my list of places to try, but for sure it's not off my list to return!  Thanks fellow Yelper for the tip to visit this place.  I will return!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/15/2014,107,273,5,7,5>I believe I've found one of my new favorite neighborhood pizza joints. I love the decor.  Reminds me of my room as a kid.  Super fun.The pizza is pretty solid, too.  Although it's not a thin crust, it's not super heavy either.  The sauce has a good, earthy spice to it, but it's not overpowering.  The crust is pretty plain, nothing special--flavor-wise--about it.Beer/wine prices are fantastic.  I'll happily pay 7-8 bucks for a half pitcher of Smithwicks.  The bathroom was a little rough and could use a deeper clean, but that's half expected from a family run institution.Totally look forward to returning in the future.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,7/14/2014,46,168,4,7,4>Tucked away in a quaint little section of Encinitas is where you can find some tasty wood fire pizza at Blue Ribbon. Limited seating and close quarters makes this small pizzeria feel exclusive but gets very busy on the weekend. The happy hour 3:30-5:30 Monday thur Friday and late night 9:30-11:30 Wednesday thur Saturday are well worth it just for the $7 pizzas which are more than half off!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,7/13/2014,159,438,2,11,3>One of my favorite areas to come in Oceanside in the Harbor.  With a beautiful view and lots of places to try I was excited when I saw a Groupon to go to this place.  The Groupon was $15 for $30 worth of food on the menu.  Adan was our server and he looked like a Pauly D from the Jersey shore haha! There is always plenty of parking especially during this time of the year.  This place also owns the Vino Wine Bar next door (Next on my list to try!) The place is clean and romantic feeling.  They even had 3 Italian men singing in Italian with christmas songs for the holidays, loved it! What I ordered:Antipasto Salad 12.95Italiano Panini 9.95Ravioli Di Zucca 11.00Rasberry Tea 2.001 Tropical Iced Tea 2.502 Gelato small (Coffee, Hazelnut)3 Breadsticks (Free) Food Total $47.44 My Total with Groupon $17.84 The portions were very good sizes I couldn't even finish my meal I was so stuffed! Everything was served fresh hot and flavorful!  I would come here again for lunch the dinner menu looks a little more pricey but lunch is on the money!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,7/12/2014,423,145,5,7,5>When Pizza beckons, I have no choice but to answer the call. It is almost an addiction. I shall preface my review by saying that all the food options in my new home makes me never want to cook again. Fortunately, I don't make as good a pizza as those I can find outside my kitchen brining the guilt factor down a few notches. Urban Pi offers both house-made and build your own pizzas with toppings as traditional as pepperoni and as decadent as braised beef short ribs that come in one size that is easily consumed by one very hungry person or two moderately hungry people. This feature also allows for a large group to get a wide variety of combinations to share. Each pie with a base price of $7.50. My go to for any new-to-me pizza place is the basic cheese, sauce and crust configuration. In this case, I was extremely happy. The crust was thin and slightly sweet with a mildly chewy bite and a doughy, crunchy heel. The sauce was basic, and by basic, I mean extremely simple and complex at the same time. Flavors of onion,garlic, basil, and oregano (italian not south of the border), seasoned the rich, red, ever so slightly sweet tomato base. The cheese combo employed by Urban Pi incorporates all that is good in pizza cheese mixtures. I'm not sure as to exactly what cheeses are in there, but my guess would be Mozzarella, cheddar and parmesan. Whatever they do, they do it well.      The other pie in my eye: Sweet and Spicy plum bbq short rib pizza. Braised beef short ribs, mozzarella curds, plum sauce, chili sauce, cilantro and sesame seeds. Yes, I go for classic, but I was feeling adventurous. This pizza was a special when I was there and may not always be on the menu. If that is the case, you are missing out on a pizza powerhouse.An honorable mention from my second visit: Albeit basic, the pepperoni at this place is a cut above the rest and takes America's number one pizza topping up a notch. As for service, my pie came out extremely fast. I barely had time to sit down and start this review. Service is efficient yet somewhat robotic although I could have been projecting negative vibes due to my severe hunger pangs at that current juncture. My second visit confirmed that I was not projecting and the service was as I thought. A little smile goes a long way.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,7/11/2014,64,137,3,7,4>Absolutely incredible coffee! I had a mocha with an extra shot brought to me by a friend one day, and I was left frantically searching the cup for any sign of where it was from. That was seriously one of the BEST coffees of my life, and I am pretty picky when it comes to anything other than just straight house brew. I've had a few drinks from Cup since and they all get 5 stars in my book :) This is my new go-to coffee shop when I'm headed for a chilly walk on the beach and/or I'm on the go and out of Starbucks gift cards! Support small business and give this cute little beachside shop a try!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/11/2014,50,149,7,11,5>BEST BLUEBERRY DONUT IN SAN DIEGO. Unless my Asian math skills are rusty, I calculated 6 cake donuts for less than 4 bucks. The donuts are ultra delicious (yes, even the yeast donuts) and madd cheap.Just go there NOW!CASH ONLY!!!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/10/2014,112,434,5,6,5>Editing my review ! Since if you're reading this you're more interested in how does it work and how do I start ?  I recommend shooting an email to info@crossfitsun.com and Andrea will get you setup with a newcomer one on one --- I'm glad that I did the intro even though it was extra moolah because I probably would have given up on the first day if I tried to jump into a class.  Not because it's hard (everything is tailored to you) --- but I wouldn't have understood anything and you want to get the most out of your actual class time - so the one on one was good  !---------So I've been doing crossfit a little over a year now --- including a roughly 6 month hiatus where I though I could work out on my own (november to March). What ended up happening was that... I didn't work out at all.. I felt blah... and thought.. maybe I'll try that crossfit thing out again and I am glad that I did. Honestly - I have not lost a ton of weight which I attribute to my yelp diet (gourmet pizzas, and filipino food) but I feel strong, I actually have energy and I look forward to coming in !!!  It was a slow start for me to come back from a break.. I even later took another month long break due to a hectic work / school schedule and that was another slow start back.  But sticking to a schedule helps --- especially when you can expect to see the same faces in your class to keep you accountable !!!! What definitely makes this box stand out from other boxes is the sense of community and diversity.  There are some serious lifters but they're as nice as the not so serious ones like myself !!!Try it out and you'll see what I mean :)
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,5/9/2014,174,121,4,7,5>I have only been once but loved my lunch, it had a great flavor and taste for a gluten free sandwich.  They serve regular food that is healthy and gluten free.  It is made fresh in the kitchen.  Besides having a good menu selection, they do sell some frozen meals they have created that are healthy and gluten free as well.I will be back.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,5/8/2014,88,69,7,14,8>If you are looking for a great sports bar with good food, great service, come to Kaminski's.  Though I don't eat a lot of meat, those I have dined with really like the BBQ.  My favorite is either the salmon tacos or spinach salad topped with salmon.  I was amazed at how filling the salad was for me.  Another treat is their sweet potato fries.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/7/2014,303,401,4,6,6>I was out and about in Solana with a friend, I had no idea where to go for food and she suggested Claire's on Cedros as she had a great experience before.We arrived and there was a table free. From further attempts to try and get a table I know this is amazing as every other time we have been past there is a big line of people waiting to get a table.Claire's on Cedros is behind the rail station and there is ample parking nearby if you come by car.The menu has so many options all of which look mouthwatering. If only I had been able to try a whole bunch of the items. Every single time I am in the area I say to hubby that we should go as the decor is great, staff friendly and food great and at a reasonable price too. I think this weekend should be the time to return there!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,5/6/2014,92,123,4,6,6>written 10/3/2013: I heard from a friend about this new Studio in Santa Luz. Never taking  Barre class before I was pretty nervous. I'm not in the best of shape and hadn't worked out for months! They had free classes for a week before their grand opening. I decided, why not? I was kicking off my fitness and might as well start with a Barre class. I LOVED it. Sarah taught the class and kicked my butt! I was sore and couldn't resist to go back for more. She was so enthusiastic and seemed to really work my problem areas. I found a living social deal for an unlimited month and signed up right away. I've been going 3 times a week and trying to kick it up a notch to at least 4 or 5. I feel like in a matter of 7 classes I'm already noticing a difference.Added 12/23/2013:I've officially signed up for a year membership! I can't rave enough about this studio! I've met most of the instructors and they are all great! The owner Kendra is so sweet, caring and understanding. I have never felt so strong and the results for a little under 3 months are insane. If you're looking for a workout that will get your body in shape with a quickness Xtend Barre is the way to go!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,5/5/2014,138,29,9,12,9>My husband Rob and I ate here for the first time today and had a great experience, mostly in part to our waitress Margie, and I will tell you about it.... in great detail. So this isn't wordy because it's a bad review. It's because I can't stfu.ANYWAY we came in for a Friday work lunch with a gift card at about 12:30, and found easy parking in front of the empty building for lease next door. Upon entry, I was hit with the strong scent of cleansing solution, which I became accustomed to shortly after being seated immediately by our hostess. Rob went to retrieve his phone from the car when I was greeted alone by Margie, asking me what I'd like to drink."Your house wine... Is it red, white...?"She answered that they had chardonnay, cab, and merlot (I believe). I ordered a glass of chardonnay, which she brought back promptly upon Rob's return. After bringing him his water, I asked my second question. "The Conchinita Pibil. We make that at home, but with a lot of spice. Is it spicy here?" "Not so much spicy," Margie began, "but very flavorful." "Savory," I supplemented, like a dickhead."Do you want a sample?"Rob and I accepted in eager unison. The Pibil sample came to us in the same type of bowl as our salsa. It was delicious. The familiar achiote-hued sauce, visible ground spices on moist fall apart pork reminded us of the results we get from the recipe we learned from a Robert Rodriguez DVD. It was interesting to try this dish prepared by a restaurant. Up until now, we had only eaten the product of our own kitchen, which had the same comforting, deep flavor, just with a swift habanero kick to the head nards.I still had trouble deciding between ordering the Pibil and my usual go-to, the carnitas plate. Margie addressed my conundrum. "Let's do it this way," she proposes. "Two tacos. One carnitas and one Pibil, with rice and beans.""I don't want tacos though." I can sure whine, I tell ya."Then no shell, just take out the shell." She doesn't even need to write this down."Can I have rice only?" Kill me. I don't really like beans. Not even being racist."Only rice, just for you," Margie says. She suddenly appears to be 8' tall and I'm just a Muppet Baby at Nanny's feet. THANK YOU NANNY.I felt like such a picky goon. I'm really not, I was just particularly indecisive today. But never once was I treated as such. Rob conversationally saunters in with the background of this puerco pibil dish. "Have you ever seen Once Upon a Time in Mexico?" His telltale eyebrows elicit a negative response. After we gave Margie the rundown of the Yucatan dish, which led to other conversations throughout the meal about shows like The Border, and Hit & Miss, and violent topics that would otherwise be considered not-lunch material, I suddenly found us presented with cleanly appetizing plates. Me: "You're gonna hate me."Margie: "Whaddya need?"Me: "A tortillaaaa." Muppet Baby is in full effect. She asks me how many, and I say two. I don't know if that's how many I need, I just feel bad. But out they come, hot to the touch. She knows my fat mouth probably wants more, but says she'll be back to check on us.I devour my two types of slow-cooked pork with the appetite of, well, a pig. Rob asks for some cranberry juice, which is brought out with a lack of ice--intentionally because he would be charged for a refill. Rob's kidneys thank her. By the time our meals are finished, we've talked to our waitress about Once Upon a Time in Mexico, The Border, Bordertown, The Three Burials of Melquaides Estrada, Sons of Anarchy, and Hit & Miss. I now want to add Margie on Facebook. Instead we leave a gracious tip. Usually when servers see a gift card, they quaff at offering optimal customer service. The glass of wine wasn't even the source of my admiration. I was just surprised at how kindly we were treated, given my demand-y ass, and we left sated with authentic-quality food.TL;DR: Eat here and ask for Margie. I know we will.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,5/4/2014,198,234,1,7,4>Loved this place! It is a cafeteria style place where you grab a tray and go down a line. I had their steak plate with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes and an extra side of mac & cheese. The brussel sprouts were the best I have ever had (because it had either pancetta or bacon in it). The mac & cheese was delicious. The mashed potatoes were okay.All in all, I'd definitely come back because it is quick and easy. I would even get food togo because their food carries well.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,5/3/2014,391,270,6,7,7>Came here my first time awhile back for a Yelp Elite event, and it's always been on the back of my mind to pay another visit.  Recently, my bf and I went to Cinepolis and wanted to grab a bite to eat beforehand, so we found ourselves at Mia Francesca.It was a Sunday afternoon when we were there.  They had happy hour!  I believe it was 12pm-3pm...we got $4 Sculpins and shared some delicious flatbread while basking in the wonderful San Diego winter/summer weather on the patio!  It was a little busy, so my bf went to flag down a waiter when we had to order (they are very courteous by the way!).  We didn't mind it since they were so nice, but what made it better was that our waiter (who was also running the bar I think), offered to give us one of the beers for free to thank us for our patience.  How awesome is that?!I love this place and it will be my go to each time I'm in this mall!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,5/2/2014,125,23,5,10,6>I tried a 45 minute class on a Sunday morning with Kathleen. Right upon entry, the studio had a homey and welcoming feeling. Kathleen was very friendly, attentive and caring. You can tell she is very passionate about yoga, and it comes out in her studio. She seems to really teach how to properly do various yoga positions, and helps her students get the most out of the class. She used various props, such as a rope wall and blanket. The use of the blankets added to the welcoming and comfortable feeling of the studio. Kathleen taught the class how to do a downward dog on the rope wall. I loved the rope wall variation of the familiar downward dog. I left the class feeling relaxed, happy and refreshed. :)
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,5/16/2013,216,159,4,11,6>Finally! San Marcos meets classy!!! I stumbled upon this place accidentally the other night....the bright signage caught my attention. I went online and found a menu & a very exquisite cocktail list which excited my taste buds!  First I had the lemon blueberry mojito - great concept but I had to send it back - but it just needed a missing key ingredient! Mind you; I'm a very tough grader on the cocktail end, so any person that is not familiar with recipes, etc. wouldn't have been bothered by it. :) Second cocktail was the Chili Mango Martini - NO COMPLAINTS - AWESOME! Third Cocktail - Sparkling mango martini - great, but I was a little bothered that I paid about $12 for it and the tender didn't even fill my glass to the top (minus a point)! Appetizers: Angus Sliders - great, and they even garnished it  and it came with condiments on the side and a nice serving of shoe string fries! Tempura Veggies: A very generous portion of veggies - nothing spectacularMy tab came to $63 for 2-3 drinks & 2 appsVery new establishment - still ironing out its quirks - very classy loungeGreat for a date night, or a girls meet-up!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,5/15/2013,43,74,3,2,2>I love Naked Cafe and try to keep it regular on our breakfast rotation. The staff is always helpful and friendly which is a bonus when dining with a 2 year old. I also love the fact that the food is healthy and fresh, and they will allow reasonable subs and side requests. This is a great place to meet friends for a casual late breakfast. I've been to the Carlsbad and Solana Beach locations and found the dining experience to be pretty much the same at both restaurants (enjoyable and delicious).The prices aren't too outrageous, as you get a good quality meal and great service. Some of the items may be cheaper at a small diner or fast food chain, but you wont get the quality or freshness you get at a local venue like Naked.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,5/14/2013,153,253,4,7,5>This is a five star dive bar, not to be confused with five stars for some hot swinging night life place.  If you don't know the difference, please don't keep reading.  It's not worth either of our times.  However, if you frequent the dives (as I seem to do more and more) then please keep reading, you are my target demographic!  Located around a liquor store, a Sonic drive in, and near to the Yellow Deli, Smitty's is a great middle ground.  They have clean restrooms, three pool tables, a foosball table, and more karaoke than you could listen to in a lifetime.Also?  Some dive bar classics such as an oddly shaped bar, friendly staff, quirky regulars, odd little dance floor and stage for all of your dancing (or crooning) needs, and faux wood paneling with random mirrors.  If that doesn't add up to a fun night, add in uber cheap drinks and PBR tall boys and you are set.  FOR LIFE.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,5/13/2013,333,220,6,7,6>The garlic knots are bomb!OK, moving on...shared a pizza with everything here and it was delicious.  Pizza was loaded with fresh pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, cheese, mushrooms and the dough - PERFECTLY COOKED!  They have inside/outside dining and we chose the outside little area.  We were feeling somewhat Sassafras-Y.  The waitress was attentive, food as mentioned was tasty, refills were a plenty, and my brother even got a free Tiramisu Italian dessert to cap the night.  Happy B-DAY big brother!Only knock was from the random kid throwing absolute rage tantrum outside which = black hawk down for about 10 minutes.This NOVA truly is a star of Solana Beach!I give this pizza provider 8.5 "garlic knot bombs of awesomeness" out of 10.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,5/12/2013,1299,698,9,11,9>I was looking at their reviews when I was eating there at lunch. There's some love and hate for them.  Interesting.  Some of the reviews are really just pissing contests and cliches of "Hey, I'm from Chicago and deep dish.." "Hey I'm from New York and ..." "My kids love pizza BUT...That shit gets old. I hate to tell you peeps, you're in CA.  Regional differences aside, I enjoyed my Italian sub.  It's about 8-inches and with a soda, it's about $8.00 for a lunchtime price.  The beauty of the sub is that they make their own bread onsite and it's the same dough as the pizza and garlic bread, if I'm not mistaken.  The bread was delicious though it could be a bit meatier.  I must disclose that I had visited the night before for a CMYE so my visit today was to reinforce that everything I had the night before was legit from the pepperoni pizza to the garlic bread to the spaghetti and meatballs (made onsite).  All were genuinely delicious and tasty.Since I enjoyed the meatballs, I'll have to come back and try their meatball sub.The lunchtime business isn't busy but was steady and my sub was served quickly.  Thanks Allen.  Keep up the good work! See you soon.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,5/11/2013,227,162,5,4,4>If you love donuts and haven't been to VG's, you're not living life the right way. CHANGE IT! Head to VG's right now! They're probably open (until 9pm).The donuts are made fresh daily/hourly and are pretty amazing. Prices are unbelievable as well! You can get breakfast for $3.00.If you're looking for fabulous cakes and cookies, this is the place to go. They make custom cakes to order.Get down to VG's and enjoy life.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/10/2013,383,286,3,4,4>So far so good!  Definitely the best Cali burrito I've had in Mira Mesa.  I've only gone through the drive-thru and tried out their Cali Burrito, but I can say I'm impressed and looking forward to trying their other items.   California Burrito:  At other places this doesn't normally come with guacamole, but here it does and I'm happy about it... it gives that extra flavor and texture.  The carne asada was thinly sliced and seasoned... loved it!  The salsa had longer strips of onion and added crunch.  The cheese melted in with the sour cream and I'll just say it was awesome!  Only downside was that my burrito was a little cold by the time I got home and I only live 5 minutes away... the flavor made me overlook this, at least this time around.Only gave them 4 stars because I still need to try a couple more items and like I mentioned, my burrito was a bit cold.  With all the Mexican joints nearby it'll take more than 1 visit to really grasp the quality of this place. I was tempted to give them 5 stars for just replacing the previous occupant because I was definitely not a fan of the Roberto's here, I'm glad Vallarta's is here to give this corner of Black Mtn and Mira Mesa Blvd. new life.  It's such a great location and building, it'd be sad for it to go to waste. So Yay Vallarta Express!*Note: Although the parking lot is still under construction the indoor dinning area is open.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,5/9/2013,304,956,4,4,4>I really should give a proper review instead of just yummy yummy yummy. Their menudo and their carne asada burritos are a given and they are AMAZING. But the reason I come here, is for their veggie tacos. They load these bad boys with sour cream, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, guac, beans and onions and it hits my spot every time. And for $2 each you can't be beat. PLUS, they accept AMEX!!!! Thank you Mexican friends that accept AMEX and for understanding this chick NEVER has cash. So I love you and I'll always be back.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,5/8/2013,181,102,4,6,6>After moving to Fallbrook, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that only mere blocks away from my new house resides one of the best coffee houses in San Diego County. There's coffee, and then there is GOOD coffee.. coffee that when you drink it, all other coffees cease to matter. Fallbrook Coffee Co. is one of those GOOD coffees. My favorite, the vanilla latte, is made to perfection every time I order it. Perfect foam on top, perfect smoothness, unburned beans.. thank you God.The girls that work here are super nice and friendly and there seems to be a pretty decent sized group of regulars that are literally here every time I come here.. I take that as a good sign. Try the food when you come here, I've had a couple different breakfast wraps and they were both delicious. Although every time I come here is on my way to work, I would definitely like to come here with a friend or a good book and nestle in the quaint surroundings with coffee in hand and breakfast/lunch on the way. It's cozy and happy. Mi Amore!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/7/2013,377,148,,10,6>Saw this spot on tv and how the Alkaline Water here has all these positive effects on the body. I headed on over with my empty water bottles and decided to try it out for myself. Fill up with Alkaline water for 50 cents a gallon. Amazing taste. Crisp and refreshing. I feel great after drinking this water. Wish I would of heard about this place sooner. I'll always stop by when I'm area.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,8/24/2013,216,159,2,3,3>Heather did such a fab job with my kids birthday cake! She executed with the look/style I wanted and exceeded all my expectations. She even delivered the cake personally. I was having a hard time going back to Cute Cakes after my last experience which lead me to finding her, so I'm completely thrilled and she's in the N.County area!!! #Bonus  Check out my pic I will attach to review.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,8/23/2013,6,23,5,6,5>I ordered the Backyard Barbeque burger in a bowl. It was so pretty to look at! And then I destroyed it. It was deliciousness to the max. I am excited to come back to try other burgers in bowls! See the photo I uploaded and you will not be disappoint.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,8/22/2013,151,656,5,6,4>At this point, I think anyone that searches for Yellow Deli on Yelp knows about its.... quirkiness. I've never seen Lord of the RIngs, so I don't get all those references. I'll stick with what I'd imagine the inside of a treehouse to be. Maybe the Berenstain Bears' treehouse. I think I liked the food because everything reminded me of something else I've had. - The Deli Rose claimed to have a "special sauce," but I think it's the same sauce that my good friend Heinz makes. - The Deli Lamb was also very tasty, even if the lamb slices reminded me of lunch meat. Something about the cucumber and mayo made the sandwich like eating a gyro plate. - The chili was definitely very hearty and meaty. This one reminded me of canned chili, but again, I don't mean that in a bad way. It just had the right flavor and thickness that you'd expect from a can. - The Mocha Mint yerba mate came in a cute Bodum individual French press that unsophisticated me didn't know how to use. And this tasted like... mocha and mint.All of the sandwiches are hot, not because it's been toasted, but because it's been steamed. As a result, it gets soggy fast, but I don't mind. Our waitress was super sweet and let us ask her all sorts of questions about the food, the lifestyle, the beliefs, and so on. Once we were seated, the food came out pretty quickly. But expect a long wait for a table. Getting people in and out is not a priority here.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,8/21/2013,31,274,3,4,3>Excellent location and parking, immediately across the street from the Oceanside pier and a large public pay lot immediately adjacent.  Right across the street from the beach, located on the ground floor of some sort of hotel/timeshare place.  The restaurant is part of the CRG (Cohn family) empire, so one would still expect a high quality experience despite its inclusion in a cheesy hotel facility.Upon entering the expansive open bar, one is struck with a deafening din of loudmouth fools that was so loud it bordered upon painful.  I was ready to turn and leave until I was escorted to my patio table that was behind a set of doors blocking the noise.  What a pleasant contrast.  It was so quiet and peaceful, yet full of considerate and genteel diners enjoying polite conversation.  Our table faced the ocean and pier through a large picture window that was open to let the sea breeze through, thus we had the view and the breeze, all without the imposition of those walking along the sidewalk upon an intimate meal.  Wonderful.Service was very prompt and attentive, if not a tad sterile.  The food was excellent.  I had the Kobe meatloaf.  It was lean, not greasy but yet not dry and mealy.  The sunset during dinner on a beautifully clear summer equinox evening was a setting that was truly romantic,  even if my dining partner, as usual, was not.  Like the Dos Equis guy should say: "Stay single, my friend".
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,8/20/2013,139,453,2,4,2>Still love this place, still absolutely love the house salad and garlic rolls.I came here yesterday for a nice lunch and got the $10 lunch special - house salad with a choice of 4 different mini pizzas. BBQ Chicken, Thai Chicken, Maragherita (ack can't remember the last one). My sister and I both got the Thai Chicken. Firstly, the salad is enormous, enough to feed you by itself. I only ended up eating half my pizza because I was so full. I was a little disappointed with the pizza though. I've had the Pizza Nova pizza and it's delicious - smoked salmon, capers, onions - so I was expecting this to be as good. My sis and I both thought it was WAY too rich and there was too much peanut flavor, it overpowered the whole thing. I would come back in a heartbeat for the salad and the margherita pizza instead!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,8/19/2013,333,220,6,4,5>Haircuts - I totally hate them.  Well, I DREAD going there for some odd reason.  Recently I finally caved and visited California Cuts in Carlsbad.  Nice place.  Anyway, on the way pondered this strange phobia.  When tracing the origins of my "BARBER-BLUES" a notorious cut that took place many years earlier flashed in my mind.  I was much younger.  Impressionable.  I eagerly sat waiting to get a trim...scanning the many "ULTRA AWESOME COOL" 80's cuts that seemed to be hand drawn.  It appeared some of these hair styles required (at minimum) a black leather jacket and smug look.  I also distinctly remember seeing a can of AQUA NET and wanted to use copious amounts on my already crusty hair.I was feeling pretty dope in my JAMS shorts and YELLOW "OP" T-shirt.  My turn finally arrived and I jumped into the chair!  I'm not sure what "new look" I requested but the lady kinda laughed and began to wash the CRUST ROCK GEL outta my hair.  She was saying something but I couldn't make it out - I was focused on my AWESOMENESS.  She busted out the scissors and got to work!  My RADICAL look was coming along nicely.  She mumbled something.  I was already planning how much GEL I WAS GONNA GOOP all over this fresh look when she finished.  She mumbled.  OHHHH yeah, so much gel this look would be "LOCKED IN" for weeks and weeks!,S **** N **** I **** P!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!OUCH I got NINJA snipped in the ear!  OHHHHHHH she was telling me TO STOP MOVING AROUND IN THE CHAIR!!!!!!OK, that's fair - lesson learned.  Painful yes but let's just say the yellow shirt got some BRIGHT RED ACCENTS that day.  Dramatic to a little kid.  That sweet shirt was like TOTALLY RUINED dude!  The thrill of "haircut day" gone in a instant.  That AQUA NET sale for damn sure lost.  LOL who am I kidding...I think my Dad was paying for my haircut that day.  All I had in my Velcro wallet was baseball cards and a piece of paper with my home phone number...ONLY TO BE USED IN CASE OF EMERGENCIES. YES......that was the day that changed me forever.BTW California Cuts is great!  They've been in this plaza for years.  Friendly staff with lots of regulars.  Good prices for a men's cut and plenty of product to keep ya lookin fresh lol.I give this California Cutter 7 "little kid dramatic moments" out of 10.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,8/18/2013,377,148,3,7,5>One of my favorite beaches. Great place for a jog along the beach especially with summer coming up fast. There's also a trail at the top with an excellent view. Great place to watch the sunset.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,8/17/2013,1299,698,9,12,8>Everything comes from somewhere.   I have to explain and I'm surprised that some don't catch the difference.  I've heard legendary things about Sab-e-Lee (SEL) and read about the food being "authentic" and "traditional", which automatically makes me wonder about the disservice made to the cuisine found in the varying regions of Thailand such as the bigger cities of Bangkok, Chiang Mai, or even the slender peninsula of southern Thailand.   Within American cuisine, there's varying regions also; so it's somewhat misleading when I see others preach about authenticity and tradition (the difference in the word usage also) when something comes from somewhere else.  Well, if you find a grasshopper in your food, that's pretty authentic for Southeast Asia in general.  Just kidding. SEL says up front on their webpage that they are "Authentic Isaan (northeastern) Thai Cuisine in San Diego."   Isan (I don't know why SEL spells Isan as Isaan) is a large northeastern region of Thailand.  My Thai girlfriend is of northeastern heritage and confirmed that Isan is very Lao-influenced given the lengthy and shared border with Laos.  You can't deny Laos' regional influence just as much Mexico has had on California cuisine, but you can still call California, American; just as much as calling San Diego/Mexican food influenced by Sonoran/Baja ala Mexico.  Isan is also a Lao dialect written with the Thai alphabet script as seen in the menu.   In addition to the typical Thai dishes of pad thai and curries, etc, SEL also has an Isan section on their menu; not found in most Thai-restaurants.   The food and flavors were very familiar to her and myself.  I loved and enjoyed the food of combined flavors just as much as she did.  The salted fish fried rice of eggs and Chinese broccoli and the crisp sliced, red onion slivers over it was a perfect light crunch with the salty, fried fish bits.  If you're averse to salt , don't order this dish.  We loved it.The panang curry with shrimp was of a nice thickness and of their spicy heat level of 4 since the girlfriend can do without heat; I didn't need the heat to enjoy the flavor.  I just wish I had a bit more shrimp.  But hey, I'm happy with curry over and with my salted fish fried rice.  Even the menu calls the sausage, northeastern (clue: Isan), and the girlfriend joked about it as the "poor man's sausage" which she enjoyed as a child.  The difference is the inside which includes rice as not only as filler, but also absorbs the ground pork fat and keeping it moist.  Delicious as was the pork larb and the deep friend chicken wings which were bathed in tasty garlic.  Vampires beware.So why do you come here? You come here because it's Thai food in Penasquitos.  Better, you come here because you can get a taste of Isan and that's what Sab-e-Lee strives for because it's damn good.  By the way, per the Thai girlfriend, Sab-E-Lee is an Isan/Lao-based phrase which roughly means "damn good."
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,8/16/2013,255,647,3,3,3>Cookies and donuts and cakes, oh my!!!  This my not be the best looking bakery from the outside or even the inside but once you look at the goodness inside those display cases you wont even care.  The cakes looked beautiful and since I was here before Easter they were cute little bunnies and other Easter related things.  I wish I had need for a cake because I totally want to get one.  I will have to think of a reason and go get one.  Un-birthday maybe?  Anyhow, the donuts are delicious and keep coming out fresh as I waited in line.  I believe they have a line on purpose so you have to wait and stare at all the goodies and buy more since you cant decide what things to get and you end up getting them all.  The have pastries and cookies and bread and pretty much everything.  Their banana nut bread is awesome and my most favorite thing is their eclairs.  I also got a jalapeno cheddar scone which was warm and flavorful.  I have to stop wiring now so I can go back right now!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,8/15/2013,101,151,1,4,4>For the life of me, i do not have the talent nor skill to style my own hair.  LOL.  So when i first heard about drybar coming to town, i was beyond ecstatic!  This was exactly what i was looking for!  For $35 blowdry, the price is very reasonable, imo.  The salon is breathtakingly beautiful.  I wish I could have my house looking like this!  Everything is so clean and  well kept. It's also so modern yet shabby and feminine at the same time!  Anyway, I've only been here twice, but for those times that I've been here, i feel totally pampered. The entire staff here are super friendly.  The salon doesn't feel pretentious at all.  I also like how they do things around here because its really efficient.  The staff  from the back attend to the stylists in the front by getting them all sorts of hair brushes and styling tools.  They also help the customers by asking us if we wanted any drinks and making sure that the yummy sweets are stocked up at the front desk.  See, its the little details like that that shows how attentive they are to their customers and how supportive the staff are to one another.Its really easy to book your own appointments online.  That's a huge plus.  Instead of traditionally calling the salon and checking for availability, you get to see that for yourself.  It's so convenient.I love seeing all the girls here getting dolled up because everyone always comes out looking gorgeous!  I certainly feel like a million bucks!  I love the products that they use on me.  Their own product line has gotten me curious as well, which i will try one of these days.  They have a great monthly deal where you save more if you come more often, but it's only good if you go within the month, so basically, you can't save them for the next month.  I only come here for special occasions because I don't need to look gorgeous all of the time.  :).  Drybar is a special treat, and I'm so glad that we have something like this in San Diego.  I'm definitely a returning customer!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,11/24/2012,82,283,4,6,5>I'm still kind of sad that Yogi's is gone, it holds many nostalgic drunken memories, sniff sniff. However, I feel like tower 13 has a younger vibe and is a step up from the old Yogi's. The menu is better and offers healthier bar food, smart considering we're in Cardiff. Drinks are poured strong and great prices! They also revamped the decor and bar for a more beachy feel but they took away the tv's!  Maybe they're working on it. Either way, we'll be back.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,11/23/2012,611,200,2,6,3>Fezziwig's is the new brewery on the block!  Went tonight for the first time.  Great space!  The guys behind the bar were so helpful and friendly.  They had two solid beers on tap currently but will have more in a few weeks.  Can't wait to go back and try their new beers!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,11/22/2012,52,88,5,8,3>This is the way to watch a movie. If you are reading through the reviews from the other Yelpers whining about the price, remember that those reviewers are probably in Long John Silver's right now buying fried fish-sticks and filling up the free water cup with Sprite, because Red Lobster is too expensive. If you are NOT one of the crybabies whining about the fact that you have to pay a teensy bit more to have a reclining leather seat and the option for sushi and booze in the movies, you are probably going to like this place - in fact you're paying extra partly just to NOT have the riffraff that can't pony up some cash in the same room as you. Incidentally, it's not even that much more dough. My wife and I got two tickets, two popcorns, a couple cokes, and a coffee and the total cost was $68. To have the exact same experience at Regal, the cost would have been $54.That's $14 more to have an incredibly better experience. Incredibly better means:* seats that recline and let you put your feet up* semi privacy as you're kind of shielded from the couple next to you * all sorts of good foods to order - for about the same price as the regular movies* not having to show up early to get a good seat (you buy your seat in advance)* A nice environment to spend a couple of hoursOnly caution is that until you've been here you didn't realize how much a regular theater experience sucked and it will ruin ever having to go back to the regular movies.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/21/2012,20,182,7,7,2>Evening Creek is truly a heaven-sent in San Diego!!!!! Since my move to Southern California, I've literally lived in 6 different upscale rental communities and I have to say Evening Creek blows them ALL out of the water. First of all, the community that it's located in is absolutely gorgeous. Sabre Springs is a quiet, cozy little nook in San Diego with accessibility to all sorts of shopping centers and super close to some of the main freeways in San Diego. Secondly, the layouts of the floorplans are by far the best I've seen in apartment home communities. They're so spacious and the interiors are top notch. I sometimes wish the units were for sale because I'm considering buying and I'd love to own a condo like the one's at Evening Creek. As far as the management goes, they are all wonderful. Everytime I had a maintenance concern, they responded IMMEDIATELY. Like I said, I've lived in a number of communities and have a lot of experience with these departments and I'm so impressed by how responsive they are. As far as the sales and administrative staff, they're always available to answer my questions and get things done in an extremely timely manner. They're so friendly and wonderful too. All in all, my experience has truly been a 5 star one at Evening Creek. I couldn't be any happier with my resident experience.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,11/20/2012,530,31,1,9,4>Bistro West never disappoints. Love that it's so convenient from our place and if you're driving up to LA or heading down to SD, this is definitely a place off the 5 that you'd want to stop in and get a meal. This is my favorite go-to restaurant if I'm looking for a late dinner, happy hour, weekend brunch/lunch or any type of meal. Hands down the best quality burger I have tasted (and I am a burger snob). I believe they infuse truffle in their buns or their kobe beef but it's just so GOOD! Definitely take advantage of the Happy Hour 4:30-6:30pm in the bar and outdoor patio.My 1 cheat meal consists of a Coronado Orange Wit, Cheeseburger Medium Rare with cheddar, Steak Fries, and their huge mud pie.But everything that I've had from their restaurant is excellent. I've NEVER had a bad meal here.For happy hour I suggest:-White Pizza (crust is SO GOOD!)-Ahi Tartare (if you want fish)-Pear & Gorgonzola Pizza (something sweet & savory)-BBQ WingsRegular Menu:Pizzas: My personal favorites are the Margherita & MontanaraPastas: Pappardelle & Lasagna (very filling - plan to take home or share!)Hamburgers: Cheese Burger, Avocado Bacon Burger, or Blue Cheese BurgerClassics: Chicken Pot Pie or Braised short RibDesserts: Mud Pie, Bread Pudding, or Tiramisu
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,11/19/2012,153,253,,8,4>Okay, I walked by the restaurant last week (first time I noticed it) and noted that I wanted to go there.  Fast forward to last night, after a long day at the beach, I figured we should give it a try.What do I do first?  I hit up Yelp.  Really, 5 stars everyone?!?  Of course I'm dubious of these write ups and walk in looking to be let down.The restaurant used to be Kealani's, so they already had a rustic/island vibe, but they've put rustic wood panels up the walls and have the look of an old southern jaloppy of a house, including pictures of cotton bolls everywhere.  I was almost offended, but I know it's for the ambiance, so I let it slide.For starters, we really wanted to try a bit of everything - Ribs, corn bread, chicken and waffles...  The cornbread was great, as was the chicken and waffle starter.  The ribs, however, were dry and fairly flavorless.  I shouldn't have to soak my ribs in the table sauce for flavor.For dinner, the husband got more chicken and waffles - he was in love with them - and I got the pulled pork sandwich.  Again, I wasn't impressed with the barbecue, but it was tender, and with a lot of help from the table sauce, it was good.  The fries were great, too.  I ordered an extra side of mac and cheese, but it never came (wasn't charged for it either), so I didn't bring it back up since I was so full anyway.It's a new restaurant, and I was tempted to give it a four, but the husband told me to be kinder than that.  It's true, though, this place has great potential, and the fried chicken thighs (with or without the waffles) are amazing.  The service was great, and the owner/chef talked to one of the other tables while we were there, and he seemed super nice and like he believed in what he was doing - an honor to his roots.I love that this place is downtown Oceanside, and I hope that they do well there off the 101.  It's not an easy spot to make work, sometimes, but this place has all the pieces to make it worth while.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,11/18/2012,55,135,,5,4>Fast, quick, and decently price. Very helpful and friendly staff greeted me and gave me my options. Prices were good and they were quick. I was out in about 20-25 minutes  with an oil change and tire rotation.  The inside is nice and clean, they provide coffee if that;s your thing and have a TV int he waiting area along with some magazines and kids movies. I was very impressed with the staff and will definitely be coming back.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,11/17/2012,38,203,1,2,1>Been here a couple times as it's close by. It's great! Their service is always friendly and their setup is very pleasing to the eye. I really like the giant tanks full of pretty, glimmering fish. Food is great, though prices are slightly higher than another nearby favorite of mine, Sushi Hana. Although, remember, we're paying for quality and Yummy sushi definitely uses better quality ingredients.. the variety on their menu is impressive! On a recent visit here I ordered spicy chicken teriyaki (spicy, which is good! but a little too salty) and husband ordered 3 different rolls so we shared. One of them was the "chef's surprise" (i think that's what it's called?) which was soooo good and had shrimp in it. "Lobster Mobster" and their spicy tuna rolls were also delicious.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,11/16/2012,261,255,2,6,4>I have been wanting to try the Flying Pig after my best friend told me that this place had the best shrimp & grits she's ever had in her life and boy was she absolutely right.  A rustic farm style ambiance upon entering the Flying Pig and very friendly servers.  The restaurant was quite busy for a Tuesday night and loud so I would imagine it would be even busier Friday and Saturday evenings.  There was wide selection of craft beers and wine to choose from as you glance through their menus placed in old Burt Bacharach or Bee Gees etc.. phonograph record holders.  It adds to the ambiance.  I already knew what I wanted to order before I stepped into the restaurant but our server let us know of their homemade pasta du jour.  Our server was sweet and recommended items on the menu that she liked.  I was also tempted to order the polenta fritters or anything pork belly.  Who doesn't love PORK BELLY!??!!  Nonetheless I knew I had to try the Shrimp & Grits which by the way was just a mouthful of rich and creamy goodness with every single bite....so the other menu choices would have to wait till next time.  I believe the menu changes often according to what ingredients are in season so they have a lot of variety in their dishes.For desert I tried the strawberry rhubarb crisp with vanilla gelato.  Need I say more?I can't wait to come back and try other dishes and definitely recommend others to try the Flying Pig!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,11/15/2012,267,353,2,2,2>I went with my two sisters. I had been to the other location many times. The view was unbelievable. Service was wonderful with Lori. We ordered several appetizers including the surf and turf roll, the spring rolls, and a coconut rice off the gluten-free menu. Great service, great atmosphere. I will be back definitely with my girls again!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,2/20/2014,187,331,4,8,6>Though downtown Carlsbad is a far cry from the Centro Storico, the handsome Italian waiter at Vigilucci's instantly transported me there.  It wasn't the beauty of his melty brown face, but the expressiveness of it that reminded me of the waiter in Rome who shouted, "Al diablo!" when I bumped into him.  He was clearly mentally throwing his hands in the air when I ordered water after he'd recited the entire drinks menu, but it's the lack of delicious non-alcoholic beverages that puts them at the low end of 4 stars (not the exasperated hottie).I ordered my entree by showing a photo from Yelp (Mike F.'s  of the Capellini alla Checca with scallops), and it was delicious - very like in taste and quality to the risotto and shrimp main I had at their steakhouse location.  It only exists without meat on their menu, so they charged me the price of another scallop dish.  I think it was fair pricing, but he should have said something.There were equally as enticing plates of Pollo Peperoncino, Linguine alla Luciana, and Insalata Portobello on the table, but I was too engrossed in Foodie-in-Disguise and Superior Cartilage's Kenyan odyssey to sneak a taste, and apparently the nice Tuscan Chianti L'Arco dulled HG's memory of his food.Once again we couldn't avail ourselves of Happy Hour since there weren't four bar stools open.  It wouldn't have been very comfortable for dinner, and anyway, our friends must not need the savings with all the private planes and chauffeurs holding signs with their name (new bucket list item) that figured in their African travels!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,2/19/2014,70,148,4,8,6>I've driven by this place many times and just thought it was another over-priced hamburger place. (When I go out, I don't get burgers - I'm happy with In-N-Out) My husband and I finally tried it and OH MY GOSH it's addicting!  I waited to Yelp it till I'd been there a couple times - now it's been 3. I've had fresh Yellowtail Sliders (owner said his friend caught the fish just the day before! To DIE for!), Chicken Tacos during Happy Hour and today I had the Quinoa & Couscous Salad. Wow. It all has been so tasty, so 'signature'. I took my kiddos here after school one day - the kid's meals are $5.50 and include entrée, drink & fries. Plus it's happy hour for me! We all sat in the bar (atmosphere is light and bright) - not weird feeling taking the kids to a bar! lol  My son had their seasonal Pumpkin Milkshake - that was amazing!!!Another 'signature' they'll be known for if they aren't already, are the FRIES . . . See 'Additions' on bottom right of menu - LOVE the selection! I tried the Sweet Potato Fries today. So good!Basically, give this little gem a try. It took me long enough . . . It IS 'as good as it gets'!! And I haven't even tried the burgers! :)
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,2/18/2014,156,739,4,7,6>Welcome to the neighborhood Burger Lounge.  We will add you to the lunch rotation.  Try the smaller "Little Lounge" burger,  it's a quarter pound burger and enough for most appetites.  The 1/2 and 1/2 (fries and onion rings are great for sharing).  I enjoyed splitting a turkey and beef burger down the middle so I could try both.  The choice of cheese (White Cheddar or American) makes a good variety.The only bad news about this location is that it is in the Costco parking lot which is notorious crowded and hard to get in and out of.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,2/17/2014,255,647,1,7,6>Fallbrook has a brewery, yay!  Easy to find on Main Street.  The brewery is really nice, plenty of seating inside.  Strange car parts art on the walls but nice wooden tables and chairs where you can sit with your beer and watch TV or people watch Main Street.  We tried tasters of all the beers they had and they were all good.  I normally don't like IPA's but their cranberry and rosemary IPA was very yummy.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,2/16/2014,95,170,3,6,5>This isn't your standard taco joint - it's a Caribbean/Mexican fusion place and it is delicious. Being a creature of habit, I always get the same thing here - the Caribbean fish tacos. Just thinking about these makes me want to go get one right now!  There is outdoor seating, which helps make this place a regular on my rotation.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,2/15/2014,46,168,3,7,4>Had a hot date take me to Casa de Bandini in the middle of the week for a little change of scenery. I had never been here before so she was excited to take me to a place she had been with friends. There's a decent outside seating area, the main dining room is rather large too. I imagine this place can really pack it in We elected to take a table in the main dining area even though happy hour was still going on in the cantina. I think happy hour ends at seven which is pretty good but no matter though the margaritas were $7.50 for a large 32 ounce delicious frozen beverage. The chips and salsa were also delicious. I was trying my very best not to fill up before our main dishes came out, but you know how that goes! I got the tamales with beans and rice which were homemade and filled me up faster then I thought they would. The serving sizes are pretty big so I was unable to finish. My date got a chicken burrito and we had to pack half of that one for the road. Right when we are getting out of there the mariachi band started to play and the place started to fill up for the dinner rush. I think it was pretty good timing. I will definitely be back here at some point to try of the menu.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,2/14/2014,392,263,7,10,7>Thankfully I read the reviews before my first visit to Mozy Cafe. I released my inner hippie and biked in wearing my vegan shoes, chalk bag, and a bamboo shirt.The menu mainly consists of wraps and smoothies. Many of the wraps have black beans, plantains, brown rice and tofu or soy chorizo. Mozy Cafe is definitely a vegetarian friendly location.  I decided on the spicy thai wrap and a shot of wheat grass. My husband had a Cuban wrap and a smoothie. We needed get all of our healthy eating done before the Chargers game and birthday festivities the same day.The restaurant is small and cute. The tables are mostly in a little patio area with paintings of local surf spots adourn the walls.  Our food came out quickly and Scott's wrap was ginormous. There were several kinds of salsa available including salsa fresca which is kind of hidden in a little refrigerator by the cash register.The food came out in little baskets with bright green chips as a garnish. They were green enough to consider them vegetables, especially on a Sunday.My husband loaded his burrito up and was a happy camper. I am a restaurant jinx and I know it. I am picky and even if I ask recommendations there is always something not quite right. I envisioned a spicy meal with rich peanut sauce and a nice balance of carrots, brown rice, tofu and sprouts. I received a wrap filled with carrots and tofu in a mild sauce that had just about enough peanuts to send somebody into anaphylactic shock, but not enough to taste them. The sauce did manage to make my sprouts soggy so I removed them and added salsa to turn up the heat a bit. Now I had a fusion of a Thai and Mexican flavored tofu and carotts and it tasted about like it sounds.When I was almost done I realized that they had forgotten the brown rice which would have helped balance the meal. I was not hungry enough to eat another one but I did mention that my order was missing one of the main components to the cashier who was cleaning tables on the patio. Fortunately for me I was dressed appropriately and got a friendly response. He immediately returned with an organic gluten free cookie. The ladies next to us had an amazing looking acai bowl, I know what I will be ordering next time.I teetered on giving this 3 stars, but it was an honest mistake and the staff response was good so I give Mozy 4 stars.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,2/13/2014,189,258,6,10,5>Tasty, family-friendly Italian spot in Vista. I've been coming here since I was little, and have since continued visiting Mama N Papas for catering and casual date nights. Recently I had a hankering for spaghetti with meat sauce (just about the most simple dish to make at home but I was feeling extra lazy) so my husband and I ventured over to Mamas N Papas. The mister had something a little more extravagant than I did; some kind of meaty pizza which he devoured.The sourdough garlic bread was just right. The service is friendly and mostly very young people. Their beer selection is awful, but aside from that, Mamas N Papas is a bullseye if you're looking for Italian comfort food.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,2/12/2014,190,270,3,6,5>Since i moved to Del Mar area I've become a regular Taste of Thai customer, and here is why. They make the best Pad Thai in my opinion!I order it every time and don't even bother  opening the menu anymore :) My typical order is pad thai with shrimp with no peanuts. The service is always polite, quick and attentive. Just a warning, if you order a high spice level, say 7 and up you will be crying, sweating and so forth.. They make it SPICY, no joke. This location of Taste of Thai is much bigger than the one in Hillcrest, and yes its a little upscale, so the prices a bit higher than in your regular thai joint.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,2/11/2014,792,364,5,10,8>We ordered family style and our dishes consisted of these:  First was their most popular dish which is the Buttered Chicken.  For veggies, we did the  Saag Paneer Spinach, and Aloo Gobi potatoes and cauliflower.  Also ordered Samosas and Naan and yogurt sauce.   What a feast for our party. The Buttered Chicken has a smooth creamy sauced dish which my friend tells me there is some tomato in it.  The chicken isn't overly done and comes in bite sized (diced) pieces which were predominantly white meat.  The star of this dish really is the sauce as it has a  a very mild and truly "buttery" taste.  It  mixed well with white basmati rice and for dipping your Naan bread!   The creamed Saag Paneer Spinach and Aloo Gobi Cauliflower/Potato veggie dishes were a nice compliment to the buttered chicken.   The Naan was very good and on par with most everything else I've tried, but by the end of the meal it was starting to get chewy (probably our fault since we didn't eat it fast enough and didn't keep it covered for warmth). I can't forget the Samosas.  These were fantastic and had a very good kick/spice to them.  All veggie and warm from outside to inside.  Would definitely buy these again. This place was  was good for my inexperienced palate in the Indian food genre.  My friend says the $7.99 all you can eat buffet during the week is fantastic option.  Quick, easy, clean premises and friendly patrons.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,9/13/2013,153,144,2,21,9>I live around the corner from Royal India, where good restaurants are hard to come by.  I was pleasantly surprised when I went inside, its one of the nicer Indian restaurants I've been to.I have the chicken tikka and curry along with naan.  The chicken tikka and curry were good, but had rather small portions.Overall solid meal, especially considering there's nothing else to eat in Carmel Valley!  Big ups to Yelp, I only found out about this place because of the coupon!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/12/2013,140,129,3,3,3>The Knuckle and the Philly cream cheese steak are great.  Anything I order has to have extra marinated mushrooms, they are sooooooo good.  Maybe next time I will just order a sandwich made entirely out of Mushrooms.We had them cater my sons 3rd birthday and the sandwiches were a hit, even the vegetarian ones were all gone in a matter of minutes and the price was very reasonable.Best Deli sandwiches in Oceanside!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,9/11/2013,159,174,1,4,3>This place gets a 4 stars because they have great prices, free drinks (when we went it was with a student ID), and awesome food. For those who are vegetarian, they also have vegetarian options too!  The Thai ice tea was delicious, the pad Thai was tasty, and the curry had the right amount of spice. If u are in the area you definitely need to make your way here. It's a bit hard to find, especially late at night when everything around it is closed. But it's worth a try!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,9/10/2013,489,320,12,13,8>Ooh my bum !! Great workout for the butt and thighs ! Not as difficult as Mount Woodson, but if you're a noobs like me, this is an all around good workout !!! Gorgeous day for a hike. Yup we got lucky. Not too hot, not too cold. Just purrrfect !!!It was approximately 7 miles total trip. The paths were wider and easier to maneuver through compared to Mount Woodson. Took us a good 2.5 hours + the additional 1 hour of just taking 'ninja yogi hiking' pics once we got to the top. Yeah we took advantage of it that's for sure ! -Breathtaking views and dog friendly-A great family hike in my opinion -Few tables are set up once you get to the top so pack a light meal and have a small picnic if you'd like-Great way to get to know someone so bring a date ..hint hint-A challenging workout if you decide to run up this mountain -Parking is minimal. We parked off the road side, but hey it was FREE-Recommend bringing water and a few snacks-Don't forget the sunscreen-Spotted some potential wedding proposals /aww-PEE ahead of time !!!! Unless, you like the bushes ! o.O
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,9/9/2013,152,326,3,6,4>Cool hangout for locals and friendsThis is the kind of place you can go if you want to hang out after work, meet with friends, enjoy the fresh air, want a step up from a dive.  My husband noted that it seemed to have a high number of cougars--- his definition is any attractive woman over 40......My husband and I went for happy hour and were eager to try the appetizers made with the farm to table approach.  Ordered the flatbread pizza that has arugula and a fried egg on it-- sounds weird but the flavors are actually really good together.  There's all kinds of crispy textures and creaminess and salty and savory- my mouth was giddy with a new discovery. I absolutely loved the local greens salad with chipotle pecans and crisp egg!  It also sounds strange but totally works- I would go back just for this.  We also order a trio of sliders- one oyster po-boy, one venison, and one classic beef.  They were all very tasty, with slightly crispy buns and each had a unique complementary sauce with it.Drinks were nice- I tried the white sangria with St. Germaine- a specialty cocktail- not to sweet - just right with fresh fruit.  Hubby ordered a couple beers on tap that he had never tried before- seemed to have a nice selection.Would definitely go again.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,9/8/2013,304,956,,7,5>After reading all the reviews of Dr. Nguyen, I said she had to be my Ob/Gyn. Let me preface by saying that the Carmel Valley location is the one to visit. Dr. Nguyen may not be rainbows and sunshine when you first meet her, but she is to the point and very thorough. She encourages you to ask as many questions as you want. She is also very personal. Whenever I had an issue, she would personally call me and tell me herself. When I became pregnant, she helped me with any issue I had. And then when I was in labor, she came to me at 4AM when I was only 1cm dilated.  And then she delivered my daughter at 5:00PM.  She is extremely gentle and made sure I didn't tear or hemorrhage. All in all, I'm glad she's my doctor. I highly recommend.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,9/7/2013,481,148,1,3,2>Consistency and quality - Veranda Fireside Lounge & Restaurant is a great place to brunch, have a post-golf/spa drink by the fire pit, or dine out for dinner. The patio view overlooks the prestigiously maintained golf course and the outside temperature is perfection 98% out of the year.I really love the eggs benedict (obviously) and mimosas for brunch affairs. All of the salads are really delicious for lunch...and for you men and lady carnivores, you can't go wrong with ordering a burger and fries! The ahi sandwhich is also really good. Tapas and drinks? The calamari is a standard staple and always go with the seasonal cocktail. For dinner, I love any of the fish and meat options.The servers are really knowledgeable and friendly for the most part. The only problems that have seemed to arise have to do with a communication issue between the kitchen and the restaurant staff. Sometimes orders come out late and food is timed inappropriately. Luckily, the ambiance makes me not mind the wait.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,9/6/2013,157,125,3,4,2>After a two week cross-country road trip having eaten nothing but local (fried) cuisine , I was craving fresh food; specifically salad ... that was the first time I tried Lotus Cafe.It has been about five months since then and I think I have visited this restaurant a minimum of 3 times a month; quite ridiculous, but everything is just THAT GOOD! Everything here is fresh, healthy and most importantly, delicious!!Although they market as a vegetarian/vegan restaurant, there are "real meat" options including chicken and fish. Personally, I have tried the Grilled Ranch Salad (no longer available), the Lotus Salad, the Grilled Veggie Spud, too many soups to name and the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich. I can't tell you which of these options are my favorite, but I can tell you I am absolutely obsessed with the Chocolate Acai Shake. So why only 4 stars instead of 5?? This issue is quite simple- I cannot stand when there is a lack of consistency among cooks. Specifically, I have ordered the Chocolate Acai shake at both the Encinitas and Hillcrest locations. Every time I order it at Hillcrest, the Acai is blended with soy milk and soy ice cream with chocolate on the bottom of the cup. Sometimes it's like this at Encinitas, othertimes they just blend everything together and shove it in a cup. While I have requested it to be made the former way every time I visit the Encinitas location, the same response is given "it's all the same, we can't ask the cooks to do it a specific way." Unfortunately, it's not "all the same" (just imagine a napoleon blended-- it wouldn't taste the same without the layers)! My recommendation, visit Lotus if you want healthy and delicious tasting food, but don't expect that the dish you order will be made the same way every time.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/5/2013,127,338,2,4,3>OMG. I just discovered this place with my hubby two weekends ago and from the moment we left I couldn't stop dreaming about coming back. Well last night we went back for more and just WOW it's SO good! I am in love with this place. They have a HUGE menu but the food is simple and simply amazing. They serve the kind of tacos I've been dreaming about finding for months and months. It's a bit out of the way but luckily there are other excuses to hit up that shopping center. So much goodness! I'm already craving more! I highly recommend the carne asada tacos (street taco size) and the potato taco. Don't miss out on chips and hitting up the salsa bar...so.....good.....my only silly complaint is that the water cups are super tiny and you have to make like 10 trips to the soda machine for refills !
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/4/2013,73,355,4,11,6>I've long complained that there isn't a good lobster roll in San Diego. I'm so glad others identified the same problem. I love a good lobster roll, and the sandwich at Lobster West is excellent. While I'm sure you could find a better roll in Portland, ME or Boston, MA, we don't live there - we're in San Diego. I'd been following Lobster West's progress on Facebook, and on their 1st day open to the general public (which includes yours truly), I drove by but elected to avoid the crowd. On Day 2, my willpower gave out. I had to park down the street (parking at the Lumberyard is terrible) but I did finally make it inside. They did a nice job with their buildout - the restaurant looks great!I ordered the Lobster Roll Combo, Maine style, which means it is served cold - I'd never heard of Connecticut style, which apparently means it is served warm. Odd. Connecticut. Go figure. My lobster was perfectly cooked and chilled to blissful perfection. I could taste the hint of mayo, but the toasted roll was the lobster's perfect complement. It was buttery beyond belief. I expected the lobster roll to be good, but I also really liked the cole slaw. It was lightly dressed but very good, with just the right dose of vinegar. The chips didn't add a lot but the roll is fairly small so I appreciated the extra food. The pricing is high ($15.95 + tax + drink for my Lobster Roll Combo), but lobster ain't cheap and it has to cost a fair bit to fly the product in fresh daily from New England. Even if they do blow out my lunch budget, I hope these guys make it. They are off to a great start.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,11/14/2012,83,35,3,5,6>So very pleasantly surprised when we ate at Entwined! It's not just a wine bar! The food is far superior than most wine bars! It's menu is more diverse and rich than you'd expect. We were greeted by a pleasant hostess and immediately loved the new decor, with rustic wood tables, polished cement floors and lighting that was vintage inspired with the perfect amount of light! They have new rattan chairs that really dress up the booth type seating along the long, narrow walls. In the back near the wine rack is comfy seating in modern stuffed chairs and a couch. Can't wait to use this place meeting up with friends for a glass of wine or a pint!We started with beer (Oceanside Ale Works Red!!!) and a glass of white wine. The list is plentiful and the beer selection is really impressive. The menu was equally impressive with some great starters, a few choice salads, and some great house selections. We went with filet for the hubby and polenta for me. Both were expertly prepared and served with outstanding presentation. We're in Escondido, right? I have to say, dinner was good, but thank God I saved room for dessert! I wanted everything they offered and we couldn't pick one we both agreed on so we chose one each! I think hubby was happy because he ate his entire Nutter Butter Mud Pie! I did get a bite and I loved the chocolate bacon brittle! But nothing topped my Hot chocolate and cinnamon donuts! NOTHING! The hot chocolate is served in a small mug with a dab of whipped cream and mint. It's actual hot chocolate! Not the drink, but hot chocolate! The donuts are certainly the best thing I've nearly every eaten! Dipped in the hot chocolate I was actually giddy (and that takes a lot for me!).This is a place that I hope is around for a long, long time because it could turn into one of my favorite places that everyone is sure to enjoy. The food, the wine, the beer, the atmosphere, all delightful! The owners were super nice and came out to greet us and ask about our meal. A hit for us, but then again, we've got a special place in our hearts for this location as we were married here when it was owned by the previous owner, Coast Bistro. So happy it turned into Entwined! Coast Bistro wasn't open for regular business so now we can have date night where we were married often!Cheers!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,11/13/2012,959,909,2,5,4>I'm surprised this place was empty the whole time i was there- must be the location because the whole area was pretty dead. I ordered the GUAHAN SPECIAL since i had no idea what to get! For only $12.25 You get one choice of meat, Chicken Kelaguen and one Empanada paired with rice and one side item. For the meat, I got the pork spare ribs and the steamed veggies for the side item with red rice. It was  a lot of food! We decided to do a mini food tour since this was a far drive for me...I really liked everything on my plate. My favorite item was the chicken kelaguen.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,11/12/2012,435,249,11,16,5>Exactly what the pier needs!Although I was overjoyed the mcdonalds closed there, it's been a pity that the building has been vacant for so long... but have no fear! Something wonderful has happened! The former location of McD's has metamorphosized into something beautiful, and after a long wait, Tin Fish has emerged!I was taking a nice walk on the Oceanside Pier, got to the end of the pier, shook my head at the Ruby's Diner, and walked back yearning for better food... and then I smelled a smell that awoke old memories of walking down Fisherman's Wharf in Monterey with every shop trying to convince you to try their clam chowder... and then i snapped back to reality and realized I was still in Oceanside.I had to have some clam chowder- The celery was still crispy, the potatoes were not overcooked and there were plenty of clams. I enjoyed this clam chowder on its own and saw no need to add the oyster crackers. And then I contemplated. I saw people eating the deep fried fish and sandwhiches. I debated for a long time. Daniel, you can't have a second lunch. You are trying to lose weight. You know you're full. Don't do i----Before I knew it, I was in line and ordered a fish n' chips platter. The fried cod was bursting with juice. Succulent. Wonderful. The fries were fresh and I could still taste the potato in the crisscut fries. THe coleslaw was not a mayonnaise-y mess, but was in a sweet/sour clear liquid that tasted kind of like... this is weird but the pickled jicama that they put in banh mi (vietnamese sandwiches). I know. Weird. But good. All in all, the pier needed this place. Downtown oceanside needs more signs that this is in fact a town by the ocean... not mcdonalds and ruby's. Tin Fish brings the ocean back to Oceanside!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,11/11/2012,112,434,,4,3>If the place is called broken yolk.. that speaks to me omelette (or eggs benedict). Are their home fries awesome ? mehIs their OJ to die for ? no.. Are there omelettes scrumdidlyumptious ? YESI had the ranchero and the crunchy bacon bits, fresh veggies made me eat the whole plate  (although they advertise splitting the omelettes).   What I like about it is that the omelette is not this gooey mess of eggy yellow and filling that makes me want to hibernate for the rest of the morning.  It was an eggy wrapper encasing a host of nom noms = bacon, bell pepper, green onion, and potatoes and a wallop of sour cream.  My side of home fries, not needed!  I probably should have substituted my blueberry muffin (which was massive) for fruits. As for the wait time --- this place barely opened this week.  I wasn't sure how they handled the line.  We did wait a little bit for our food BUT a hostess came to check on us which tells me maybe they've gotten some feedback and are trying to up the ante (kudos BY). Bottom line - broken yolk is were I come if I want an egg breakfast.  These people have been doing eggs since the 70s.. they KNOW eggs!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,11/10/2012,255,397,8,9,7>Another great meal at Prepkitchen!  The food was great and the location is lovely as always,  I really like the wait staff here, they are all nice and very attentive.We ate there on the 15th for my sons birthday.  Our waiter was excellent! I wish I could remember his name but he had such a great style and never missed a water fill or a dish delivery. He brought an amazing chocolate cake with a candle for the birthday.We had the cutting board which is a tasty nirvana with so many great cheeses, meats, nuts, breads and other treats that it was hard to stop eating the goodies.  Sometimes you find yourself in a public place and say to yourself, "no, you can't lick the plate".  Sigh.Then we had Pappardelle Bolognese (sublime) and Shrimp rigatoni.  Those people behind the scenes are creating tasty and magical taste bud parties.  My taste buds are sad that those people are not living at my house.  My only warning is that this is Del mar. People bring dogs to restaurants.  Now I can't take away a star for a common practice in Del Mar, but I do think that when people make a reservation that they should be aware and have a indoor (non dog) option.  As an asthmatic with dog allergies, having a large hairy (and frankly smelly) dog rub against my clothes when I eat is not terribly appealing at best and I have to say I was glad I had an inhaler with me later that evening. This was more an issue with inconsiderate dog owners than the restaurant itself.I will definitely come back and try to sit inside, although the patio dining is lovely and scenic.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,11/9/2012,1060,798,5,9,8>I have to, belatedly, give them real snaps for the cherries this summer.  They had local organic cherries that were KILLER.  Much bigger and much sweeter and much more tasty than all the other cherries, including Whole Foods and Trader Joe's.  And as I was writing this, I remembered that I froze some of the cherries!  They're still big round and plump and they shall be on the breakfast menu tomorrow.And, more recently, have to give them snaps for the avocados I bought the other day.  The biggest most beautiful avocados.  The flavor and texture were superior. and they were just so beautiful, such beautiful yellow/green avocado meat.This store is a little gem and I stop by whenever I can.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,11/8/2012,41,25,3,8,6>Spectacular introduction to delicious, vegan food. A  quaint, little place in the back  situated peacefully next to Mozzy's cafe.The mock tuna wraps are great, wrapped in a fresh green kale leaf. I love the homemade juices they have in bottles. My favorite platter is the Rawvioli's. Suprisingly rich and creamy. I always comer here for the Kale chips; they taste great and I always add them to my subs and sandwiches for a flavorful and healthy crisp.They have an incredibly smooth and sweet coconut cream pie that everyone must try. Add some cocoa flakes and it becomes heavenly. It is never crowded here, and the prices are quite cheap compared to the overrated and overpriced surrounding eateries. Recommending this place highly if you want a suprisinlgly satisfying meal without the tiredness or the tummyache.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,11/7/2012,168,440,3,8,6>The Oceanside Pier has long been a staple of my upbringing in North County.  I used to come to the pier for the beach, but I now mostly go to the Carlsbad area since I'm usually out and about running the strand out there. The beach next the pier is great, and that is a whole write up in itself.  Plenty of beach to go around...but back to the pier.The pier itself is the longest wooden pier on the western United States coastline at 1,954 feet.  Well, according to Wikipedia it is.  It's actually a cool sight to see, as it really stretches out into the water and looks all majestic.  The first half of the pier is easy to walk on, but the second half can be tough for those with walkers or strollers.  There is always someone walking on the pier, whether it be families during the day, love birds in the evening or the wackos in the wee hours. I think I might qualify in all three of those categories.  Mid pier there are restrooms and a small fishing store that has some other snack items.  There is a Ruby Diner that serves great burgers at the end of the pier.The pier also provides for fishing year round, and I have caught many small bass and other little guys over the years.  Just don't expect the "big one" from here.While there is parking 2 blocks away by the transit center for free, you can also park in the lot in front of the pier for a couple of bucks or feed the meters if you want to go back and forth.  Be careful after midnight out here though. The freaks come out at night, so travel in groups!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,11/6/2012,275,430,,4,4>Great spot for breakfast or lunch in Del Mar located a block from the main plaza. Great crepes and nice place to sit out doors and people or car watch. I recommend the florentine and huevos rancheros breakfast crepe. You must get the jalapeño to add the extra kick on the huevos one!  The aioli is drizzled over the top and also has a nice kick and it includes salsa on the side. The florentine has tons of veggies including onions spinach and mushrooms.  It is tough for me to decide what I want because it appears like a menu where you can't go wrong with the crepes.  I don't have any complaints from my two experiences so If you are in the mood for a crepe you must try Crepes and Corks.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/5/2012,423,376,2,3,3>been here three times already, and I enjoyed the food and ambiance of this place.  Everything is very fresh and clean.  If you only want salad, there is a separate line for that (usually shorter).  If you want anything else, you will most likely wait in a longer line.  But the line moves fairly fast. Tried steak, turkey, and chicken so far, and i think the chicken sandwich was my favorite so far! :)   We also tried the mushroom as the side, and it was really delicious too!  The pear almond tart (comes with caramel as sauce) was quite tasty! I am really glad to have this place in Carmel Valley.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,7/30/2014,156,292,7,4,5>I've been meaning to check out this drive-thru coffee shop for such a long time! Yesterday I was heading toward the 5 for Los Angeles and I remembered it, so I pulled in - I am so glad I did! It was about 10am so no line, I ordered a small milky way (mocha, caramel, espresso and steamed milk) and it was done in 30 seconds. The girl at the window was super nice and chill - good attitude. I tasted the drink on my way out of the drive-thru and couldn't believe how delicious it was - that drink lasted me the first 10 miles before I gulped it down. Deeeelicious! The espresso shot was perfectly pulled - not burnt, not dead - strong and tasty like it should be. And my favorite part - NO syrup on the bottom which means they actually stirred it before they gave it to me - which is a rarity if I don't ask for it! Side note - I go to Starbucks on my way to work a few days a week and ordered a caramel mocha this morning, hoping it might compare to Black Rock - I felt like I was drinking tar, and I usually enjoy my Starbucks. I guess the saying is true - once you go black (rock), you never go back! I can't wait to come back.Tip: they don't take Amex so bring cash or another card.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/29/2014,155,184,6,7,7>OH EMMM GEEEE yes, and when I say that I mean that in a GOOD way:)Im glad that their putting use to the old Ocean House and adding this new addition to their historic land mark.From the outside you may think its a bbq or american cuisine but no no no...hold up, its a sushi restaurant!! Yep thats right I said S U S H I :DDThe inside of the place is a modern rustic decor with a touch of "hey, you fancy!" hahaOur server Ashley was super cool and she definitely helped me and my gf out on deciding what to get, she told us what her favorites were and we pretty much caved in and grabbed one of the spoken items and we both ordered a specialty cocktail and craft beers.Their menu is pretty pricey, so if your the type that wants high quality sushi you must know the saying "You get what you pay for," and at Land & Water it definitely is worth the buck!We got the sushi off their happy hour which turned out to be $8 a roll (I recommend you get this deal!)It was a tempura sushi roll which were pretty huge!! it had a very nice spicy kick to it but it wasnt too mild.My gf and I enjoyed it a lot as well as the service we received here. Again, Ashley did an amazing job at keeping us entertained and welcomed for the first time. I definitely recommend YOU come check this out, they even have a patio so you can enjoy and mingle with your friends over some very very extremely good sushi!If you want to impress your friends/date or just want to try something new...come to Land & Water you will be leaving very impressed!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,7/28/2014,217,132,6,11,6>I came to Avant to celebrate my boyfriend's mother's birthday. And we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! Avant is located at the quaint Rancho Bernardo Inn; it's the nicer, fancier restaurant at the inn. The ambiance is very intimate, and rustic with a chic, modern twist. There's a large fireplace with inviting, large leather seats you can hangout with your friends near the bar. And there's an outside porch with another fire place with very chic wicker furniture.The hostess, Nirvana (cool name, btw!) was very personable and accommodating! She led us to our table to their spacious dining room. Our waiter was Blake, and he was excellent! Very competent with the in's and out's with the menu. He answered all of our questions, made personal recommendations for food and wine; he told us that they were trying out a new menu, and was very enthusiastic with the dishes being served. Okay, let's get down on the food..CHARCUTERIEWhich is the chef's nightly selection of meats and cheeses, served with Avant's housemade mustard. I'll get to the mustard in a minute. **Meats:- Duck Salami- Truffle Salami- Wild Boar Salami**Cheeses:- Beechive Seahive, Irish cheese made out of both cow and goat's milk. - Nicasio Reserve, semi-firm cheese made with cow's milk. - Robiolo Bosina, a soft cheese made with cow's milk. Very, very good! The meats and cheeses complemented each other quite nicely. The meats and cheeses were garnished with bread crisps, and different jams that complement the flavors. Now, the mustard. I am NOT a mustard person by any means, too much horseradish is a sensory overload for both my palate and sinus. However Avant's housemade mustard is VERY, VERY GOOD. Creamy, and a perfect balance of horseradish and tang. Definitely worth trying, mustard lovers and skeptics alike!CALAMARISuch a simple dish, yet it's terribly easy to mess up. It's always GREAT to come across a restaurant that doesn't screw up calamari! Nicely seasoned, the batter was light and crispy. And instead of serving with the traditional marinara sauce, it was served with some kind of apricot sauce! Very yummy and completed the seafood very nicely. SAUTÉED DIVER SCALLOPSServed with a Potato Rosti, Asparagus, and Wild MushroomsThe scallops were cooked to PERFECTION. A nice, golden brown sear on the outside, but not entirely cooked in the middle. The potato rosti was a nice amount of carbs. It was like a mini potato pancake, if you will. I really enjoyed the wild mushrooms, too. It was a perfect balance of protein, carbs and vegetables. WHITE CHOCOLATE MOUSSE DOMEThis was by far the most unique dessert I've had. The white chocolate mousse worked very well mixed with the quinoa. It was very light in texture! Not heavy at all, and the white chocolate was not overwhelming. It was served with this lovely mango sauce an garnished with mandarin orange slices and yummy brûléed grapefruit slices. The caramelization of the grapefruit brought out the unique sweetness, and it was not bitter! While dining, there was some live entertainment going on outside! The woman had a lovely voice and enhanced our experience at Avant.Overall, a delightful experience! The staff was amazing, and very prompt with the service. While we were waiting for our main entrees, they replaced our cutlery with new ones. And for the dessert, they gave us dessert spoons and forks! I'm knocking off one star because certain parts of my food were more on the saltier side. I would definitely come back here again to enjoy the lovely patio!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,7/27/2014,116,236,6,6,5>I have to agree with many of the existing reviews for this place. I stopped in here this morning to pick up some brekky for my staff and was pleasantly surprised. I know I can only speak to my one visit but it seems to fall right in line with what most people have already attested to. This place has great customer service! The woman at the counter was so friendly and welcoming. I ordered a dozen donuts and she threw in a bunch of donut holes which was a nice bonus. A couple more things are worth mentioning...I love, love, love that their donut display has easy to read labels. It makes choosing your assortment so much easier than pointing and trying to grasp for descriptive words to identify what you're talking about. That one? No, no the one next to it. Yeah that one. The one with purplish sprinkles next to the one that looks like a spiral, etc etc etc. You know what I mean...This place is also pretty darn clean which makes me happy. And the prices are decent. $7.99 for an assorted dozen. Sweet! I will definitely be back whenever I need to pick up donuts on the way to work.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,7/26/2014,200,155,5,9,6>Best spot in Del Mar to have dinner!FOOD: i've eaten at Prepkitchen Little Italy multiple times so I knew i was going to walk out with a happy tummy!  we were able to enjoy the following (see my pics):     * Apps: LOCAL MUSCLES & VIETNAMESE WINGS     * Entrees: LOCAL SEA BASS & HOUSE MADE GNOCCHI (nee-oak-e)     * Desserts: CHOCOLATE BUNDINO & PEACH GALETTEWowzers, de-lish!!! my fave were the Muscles hands down. i wish they had white rice to eat it up because the broth was amazing - garlicky and spicy! i asked Gwen, our waitress, what she thought i should get for an entree and she recommended the Gnocchi, so i told her "thats what i'm getting!" (what carbs? its my MoFo birthday!) The sausage sauce was perfect, the pasta were like clouds melting in my mouth... overall deliciously savory! My BF's Sea Bass was amazing as well - not over cooked, flaky, and the sauces/veggies complimented the fish perfectly. Dessert was also amazing, warm chocolate cake and a peach cobbler-esque dessert both topped with local gelato. having an extreme sweet tooth, this might be the first time EVER that i've stated the entree and appetizer were my fave! They also have a different menu weekly dependent on what the local produce entails. love that- a local business supporting other local businesses.DRINKS: Decisions, decisions. i went with MODERN TIMES HOPPY WHEAT & WHITE PEACH-LIME MIMOSA. both amazing! If you're local, visit Modern Times brewery off the 5 & 8 Freeway near Sea World. This Hoppy Wheat smelled citrusy lush and tasted clean. I'm not really a cocktail kinda girl, i'd rather have beer, Wine, or even a shot of Hennessy, but Gwen suggested it and immediately i was in love. It was so refreshing and light!PRICE: apps around $8-10, entrees around $15-30, dessert around $8, and drinks around $7-10.AMBIANCE: so cute and quaint!  this restaurant is smaller than the Little Italy location and near the beach, which is a great thing if you're on a date. Love the details inside - the walls are uniquely decorated (wood colored- staircase bannisters staggered with plants/bottles between them, the dim spot lighting, plethora of wine against the wall, patterned benches, raw wood tables, fun bathroom, etc). outside they had a nice heated patio and low lighting as well.SERVICE: as my BF and i were walking up we were greeted with a huge smile. We waited a minuet before being seated as they were expecting us for the reservation. promptly we were greeted by our cute waitress Gwen who was more than accommodating the whole night. She was very knowledgeable and gave amazing recommendations. I'm HUGE on that- since they work there they should know what the best of the best is right? RIGHT. she was spot on with her choices and i'm glad i picked them over what i originally decided. Since she was aware it was my birthday, Gwen brought out an extra dessert on her tab. so sweet! we were constantly checked on and i really appreciate that, especially because i serve a couple nights a week & know sometimes its difficult to keep tabs on all your tables but important to deliver great customer service. PARKING: you can easily find street parking for dinner since its not a commercial place.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,7/25/2014,657,263,4,10,5>For someone who is a self-proclaimed carnivore, I must say I was pretty impressed with their tasty vegan menu! By the way, 4 stars alone for their Watermelon Fresca. I could drink the entire batch if they let me. Being the non-seasoned vegan, I had plenty of questions and our server patiently answered all of them and made recommendations, all delicious. Their portabello sausage burger was completely believable and flavorful as was their meatball sub I had sampled on a previous visit. But one of my favorite things on the menu were their faux "buffalo chicken strips" and their Sesame Kale Bowl...I love kale like Popeye loves spinach so there you go. I was not a fan of Sipz because the texture of their "meats" and was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case at Native Foods Cafe. Portions are decently sized and some big enough to share.Will definitely return...this time to sample their dessert menu!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,7/24/2014,178,58,6,12,7>I can't get enough of this place! Great food, great service, and it's 30 feet from the beach. Seriously, c'mon. I have had the breakfast burrito and the french toast and both were AWESOME. I love bacon so I usually get that in the burrito but they offer sausage, ham and turkey bacon! They also will let you try a combination of any of those meats for no cost extra. Awesome right? Don't forget to ask for the salsa! It's homemade and..you guessed it... AWESOME.  They only have about 5 or 6 tables outside this cafe/shack but if it gets too crowded, just walk across the street and sit on the benches or on the sand. Parking is pretty easy since there's a parking lot right next to it connected to a park. The price is pretty reasonable! It's about $6.50 for the burrito and it's a decent size. I can't get enough of the ocean air and the breakfast burritos!  *They only serve breakfast until 11:30 PM. They close for a half hour then serve lunch at 12:00.  If you happen to be there sometime between hours they'll most likely serve you anyways. not guaranteed but every time I've seen someone come in between hours they've served 'em.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/23/2014,2367,206,5,11,6>100 beers on tap, with plenty of Belgium style beers !!!!!  I ordered the North Coast PranQster beer brewed in Fort Brag CA which was delicious.  To start off for appetizers we had beer battered onion rings and fried dill pickle chips.  These were fantastic as they are very lightly battered which makes them easy to start with.  I had the Old Timey burger which was gigantic despite me ordering the small portion size.  These burgers are so large they kind of slide around as you pick them up.  Be prepared to have a ton of napkins if you attempt to eat these with your hands.  After the first half I just used a fork and knife as these burgers go all over the place in your hands. The atmosphere is quite fun with classic rock being played and plenty of plasma TV's almost feeling like a sports bar.  The service was top notch as they have plenty of people besides your server asking if you need anything.  I will definitely be back !!!!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,7/22/2014,760,816,5,9,7>i'm so happy that there's a much closer Yogurtland by my home. Location is great, you'll definitely find parking. I've always been a fan of Yogurtland because I like that I get to put however much or whichever yogurt I want and same with toppings and then pay by weight. Their yogurt is always yummy -- plenty of selections to choose from and now for a limited of time they have the Around the world flavors going on -- you get to try a specialty flavor from a country. And I like their free water; always refreshing to see/ drink  fresh water with  fruits submerged in the water for flavorings
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,7/21/2014,158,246,9,12,8>Top quality seafood, with a casual ambiance. Everything is always fresh here, Morita-san says he rejects any orders that aren't up to his standards. So sometimes there may not be that big of a selection, but rest assured they will taste amazing.Sashimi is sliced nice and thickNigiri portion sizes are large unlike other places -cough BlueFin cough-Sushi rice is always good, not overly vinegar-ed. If he has any seasonal items, get them! Orange clam, fresh ikura, real amaebi, saba from Japan etc. You'll be glad you did.FYI, Morita-san doesn't drink alcohol until after 7 haha. So if you plan on buying him a drink, he won't accept it until after 7.
