<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,9/18/2014,20,109,4,5,4>While it may seem a bit dark on first impression, this is an excellent place to enjoy some spectacular offerings and stellar service.Came here yesterday with a lady friend trying to round out my card for the "Richmond Burger Week" and I was surprised they had so many offerings. Turned out that I was not only there during Burger Week but also on their $5 burger night! It's Burger-ception! It was a tough choice given all the great options on the list, though in the end I opted for The Godfather, a delicious burger served on a focaccia bun with marinara and fresh mozzarella on top. My friend ordered a sausage/pepper pasta. She got a caesar salad included in the price of her pasta (which tasted fresh), and the warm bread they brought to our table was great too. Both of our entrees were spectacular, and the portions were extremely generous as well. Once I polished off my meal, I helped her work on her pasta and we still didn't even manage to down half of it. Now those are portion sizes that make you want to say " 'Murica"!Service was excellent and very attentive, with refills coming in fast and furious whenever they were needed. As a server/bartender myself, I have to applaud them on their attention to this critical detail. Whether you're a glass-half-full or glass-half-empty kind of person, no one likes an empty glass!The bill at the end was more than reasonable given our fullness, though we did avoid alcohol so I can't comment on that aspect. All in all, this place was quite a find and I'd definitely return to try some of their other unique offerings!Overall: 4.5 stars-------------Pros:- Tons of menu options.- Food was excellent.- Wednesday Burger Night makes it all so much more satisfying/cheap.- Service was quite good, though admittedly we did come slightly earlier than the dinner rush.Cons:- Inside is quite dark, though if you like that intimate dinner feeling this won't trouble you much.- Volume wasn't too bad when we went, though I can see it being a problem during their peak business hours.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,9/17/2014,52,76,5,7,8>My favorite gelato spot in richmond! :)It's a cute little spot that has apparently been around for a long time at the corner off a shopping center.The place is small with limited seating indoors but additional spots outside.The flavors are just awesome! They always have special flavors but I tend to stick with Just Ask (vanilla with peanut butter and Oreos) , Mint Chip, or Almond Amaretto (sort of vanilla with pieces of almond inside). I find it not to be too sweet with a perfect texture. A toddler is one scoop for about $3. I usually get the small which is two scoops which is a little more than $4 including tax. The small is a pretty good portion to share with someone in my opinion so you can have two flavors at once!If I'm having a bad day, this spot knows how to cheer me up :)
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,9/16/2014,149,84,4,3,5>Well I come here once a week, so I think it's pretty clear that I absolutely LOVE this place! Shyndigz is the perfect place for a date night or a night out with the girls. Great for birthdays as well. Actually I can't think of any occasion that it wouldn't be great for!Their interior is beautiful. I especially love the lighting that they have. It's dim, but not dark. They also have string lights, with crystals around them, strewn on one of the walls. They now have a cozy outdoor seating area, which is one of my favorite places to sit, weather permitting. Their new location is much bigger than their last, but it can still get a little tight with the amount of patrons that fill the place. The desserts here are phenomenal! I've never had anything bad, but there are certainly desserts that I like more than others. I would tell, but I don't want them to start selling out, the way most of their most delicious desserts do ;-) They make everything fresh that day, so once a dessert is gone, it's gone. By the end of the night, their selection is a lot smaller. Get there early if you want the best selection. However, I will say that their salted chocolate caramel cake is amazing! It will satisfy any chocolate craving that you may have, and then some. When I say the slices of cake are huge, I mean it! These are no normal cake size slices, so be prepared to share, or take some home with you.The service here is great! I come here often and have been served by almost everyone, but Sam and Amber are by far my two favorite servers. They are polite, attentive, and knowledgeable. Anytime they wait on me, I know I will have a smooth and great experience. On weekends it can take a bit longer, but that's how it goes just about anywhere on a weekend. Let me say that Shyndigz is so worth the wait! I also love that they added another day to their hours of operation. Now I can enjoy their amazing desserts one day earlier than I previously could :-) I'm not sure if there is anything could stop me from going to Shyndigz. In fact, I think I'm going to take my son there tonight!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,9/15/2014,22,146,3,5,6>We came by on Cinco de Mayo because, well, tacos. All of our fave Mexican spots were overflowing with would-be diners, so we decided to try some place off the beaten path. It was a really great find. In the middle of an aging office park is a gem of a taco spot with an expansive menu. It is bright and modern and has those cute little globe lights strung across the ceiling. All of their tacos were $1 on this festive day, so we were super happy about that. Normally they run ~$3/taco with discounts if you order 3 (you will want at least 3!), and they have lots of great daily specials that include $2 tacos and such.We tried the crunchy fish, carnitas, and steak tacos. Steak tacos are usually my fave, but here they were not. They skimped on the meat quality here and cut it into the tiniest cubes I've ever seen. The crunchy fish and carnitas tacos were awesome! The tacos were smaller than expected, but well-priced. People who generally eat 3 tacos might actually eat 4 here. We also ordered the chips and dip trio which came with queso, salsa, and their special blended guacomole (sour cream, garlic, avocado). Each dip was outstanding, and very different from any I've tasted at other places. The chips were light and crispy, almost wafer thin. Sooo good! Can't wait to go back!Service deserves a mention here. I was a little disappointed to see that this was an order-at-the-counter type place, but still we experienced great customer service. They do have runners bring your food to you at your chosen table, and they even brought our chips and dip out to us asap so we could munch while waiting for tacos (without asking). I asked for sour cream and it was delivered with a smile. So many carry-out places have a tip jar, but employees don't do anything to earn it. That is NOT the case here.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/14/2014,55,162,2,5,6>Farm-to-table? Beautiful interior? Great service? Awesome-possum food and presentation? Check, check, check, check. Upon arriving in Jackson Ward for dinner, we found parking at a nearby street and casually strolled in to this cozy yet open restaurant. The overall dining experience is five stars. And the starter bread...yums. Plus, who (other than the non-meat eaters) could say "no" to farm-raised beef?The Dinner Eats:1. The Corn Beef ($9): a delectable, albeit small, appetizer composed of their well-known seared, juicy corned beef atop a well-seasoned polenta cake served with sides of pickled onions and mustard. Can't get enough of it.2. Bibb Blue & Black ($8): a small lettuce salad with absolutely delicious blocks of blue cheese. If you're a blue cheese lover, this is it.3. Non "Spaghetti & Meat Balls" ($16): a medium plate of 5-6 fried vegetable meatballs over spaghetti squash and sauce. Overall taste is decent, however, definitely not enough carbs to keep us full. I would probably skip this one and try the hamburger or lamb at my next visit.4. Basil ice cream over pan-fried lemon cake ($5): enough to share amongst two. It still floors me how strong yet flavorful the basil (hand-picked by the waitress) came through in the ice cream. The idea of serving it over the lemon cake along with a side of blackberries makes for a perfect melody. [[EDIT]] Made it back for brunch and it was divine!The Sunday Brunch Eats:1. Corn Beef Hash ($10): little cubes of corn beef with flavors bursting at its seams along with potatoes and topped with two eggs however you like it. Wish there was more as I could eat this all day.2. Fish and Grits ($11): a large SUPER flavorful dish of two eggs over fried fish over amazingly creamy grits. MUST GET.Best service and food ever. Lucy's has definitely become my favorite restaurant in Richmond.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/13/2014,18,24,4,5,5>Fresca is a small, cozy, yummy restaurant that is ready to serve up yummy veg-head friendly food. The location is small, so not great for large parties. There is a small patio with outside seating. Their menu has sandwiches, pizzas and entrees. It is made to order so you will have to wait a little bit for your food. But it is worth the wait.Vegetarians, carnivores and vegans will delight in their selection. It's simple, good food, made from real ingredients. You'll leave feeling full and satisfied.I highly recommend their hummus with veggies and pita (made in house!) The hummus is very garlicky but I love that.I also have had the pear and arugula sandwich more then once and I love it! They have a great selection of sides, I have had the apple/fennel salad, brussels sprouts and potato salad! I LOVED the brussels sprouts. Yummy, roasted and crisp on the edges.My one warning is their store door. It is a heavy door the swings closed quickly. I got my heel caught and it hurt. A lot. Especially with the little ones- beware!Overall- really great little spot for sandwiches, pizza and more! The real ingredients and pleasant staff make this place worth a visit.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,9/12/2014,16,18,5,7,7>Super friendly staff, inventive cocktails, fun atmosphere (the belt-operated ceiling fans are sweet!), and delicious food.The veggie dumpling appetizer was delicious, served with a light dipping sauce. For our entrees, I got the Red Curry Noodle Bowl, which seemed to be a blend of Thai and Vietnamese styles. Standard coconut milk/curry sauce w/ Thai basil (which was on point and had just the right spice levels), vermicelli noodles (I think?) and veggies & chicken. Usually, I can scarf down a curry dish, but this one filled me up with more to spare! the noodles were just a tad overcooked, but weren't unappetizing.My girlfriend ordered a dish which was described as Thai Pho with beef. Bold flavors, but not too overbearing. The beef was melt-in-your-mouth tender. The beef broth was outstanding, with a slightly sweet taste which balanced well with the other herbs/ingredients.I'm thinking the previous 1 and 2 star reviews may have just been a result of just opening, because I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and experience here! Try it out!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,9/11/2014,17,23,1,9,6>This place was a great find. We stopped to get chicken and ended up with much more!  I got the hummus, baba ganoush and two more combo appetizer with pita. Yum.  The chicken was excellent.  Delicious yucca fries with garlic mayo and congrin rice. ( mixed with black beans. We also tried the grape leaves and a chicken wrapped in dough ( forgot the name ). Everything was fresh, flavorful and healthy!  I will be back..... Often. Thank you to the great staff for explaining how everything was made and it's origin.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,9/10/2014,84,184,4,5,7>Four words = SOUR AND HOT SOUP.  Seriously the best I've ever had from any Chinese restaurant. I'd be completely satisfied eating just the soup and washing it down with one of their super awesome craft cocktails.  My guy's new favorite drink is the Warm & Fuzzy Honey (Bulliet Rye Whiskey, honey liqueur, orange bitters, and ginger beer) and the Dragonita is a damn good margarita - not too sweet or acidic.We were in the mood to try different bites and sampled several small plates = cheap eats!:-Calamari - perfectly crispy with little bits of spicy chili sprinkled on top-Chili Dumplings stuffed with shrimp and pork; had nice flavor but I wish the dumplings were more "potsticker" style and crispier-Crispy Chicken Rolls (chicken and asparagus rolls wrapped with tofu) were alright, not memorable which is too bad because they sound so unique.I'm generally skeptical when it comes to non-authentic Asian restaurants but I enjoyed my experience here.  Fat Dragon is doing its own thing with its Asian-inspired dishes, emphasis on sustainable ingredients, and craft brews.  And their space is GORGEOUS.  Definitely plan to return with a large group and try their entree options in the future.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,9/9/2014,11,5,5,5,6>There are a few times in which I've been so amazed by a mere hot dog, but Joey's is it! The atmosphere is simple yet classic. The guys who work there are amazingly friendly and helpful. They truly value the patron and it's made evident through their service. That's being said, the food is fantastic! I love the snap in the hot dog (I get mine all the way, which I suggest). The potato salad is spot on as well. For the price and the friendly conversation, this place is more than worth it! If you're looking for something quick, fantastically yummy, and well-priced, Joey's is for you!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,2/20/2014,31,202,3,5,4>Visited the Burn side twice during their soft opening stage and I like this place.  I am a cigar smoker and this is one of few places where we are welcomed with open arms.  There is a non smoking side as well.Large whiskey list and you can get various types of ice to go along with it.  I asked for and received a sphere, it's what I prefer to chill my whiskey.  I've only eaten the pork rinds as a salty accompaniment to my libations.The ventilation on the Burn side is great.  The non smokers in my groups had no complaint like they usually do at the other cigar friendly bars I frequent.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,2/19/2014,86,78,2,6,4>I love Basili's. I love Greek food but I REALLY love Basili's. The food is great, quick, delicious....I can't say enough. I usually get the Pikilia I which is a meatless  assortment of foods and includes: spanikopita (phyllo dough stuffed with spinach and cheese), tiropita (phyllo dough stuffed with cheese), hummus, tzatziki sauce (yogurt/cucumber/lemon/garlic dip), dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) and tomatoes, feta, olives, cucumbers, onions and pita. I get the MELITZANOSALATA (had to copy/paste that for spelling so sorry for the caps) on the side which is a roasted eggplant dip and is to diiiiiiiie for. They also have Greek beer and desserts and all kinds of other deliciousness like kabobs, falafel, gyros....yum. It's not fancy, you order at the counter and you seat yourself. I am always so happy to go to basili's. I would also like to recommend the Greek green beans...you won't be disappointed - promise.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/18/2014,246,313,3,11,8>Great museum. It was very educational and had some nice exhibits.  The audio tour is the way to go. It lasts about 90 mins and a former holocaust survivor talks you through the museum.There is a flow to the museum which demonstrates the whole cycle of events.  You start off with the persecution of Jews and then onto the round up and forced placement into ghettos.  From there you experience the travel to death camps, life at death camps and the gas chambers. Then life after the camps for the survivors and the subsequent war trials for the people carrying out the atrocities. Very hands on museum and they do a good job of making you feel like you are there. There is even one part where you have to crawl on your hands and knees through a tunnel escaping from the ghetto. There is an alternative route for those who are not physically able or those not wanting to crawl.Museum is totally free, just takes donations. Not for young children. I would recommend teenagers and up due to the graphic nature of some content. It is a good way to spend a couple of hours.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,2/17/2014,55,162,4,6,4>Dim sum = Total yum. Came here on a Sunday with a whole bunch of friends in tow. Food is served on metal carts from which you can choose your favorites. Their large round tables seat 8-10 comfortably, no real need for reservations on a Sunday. The other side of the restaurant contains several booths for smaller groups. Service was fast and friendly with waters and tea pots constantly refilled (remember to keep the teapot lid open if you want more hot water). The food/taste? Satisfying. Yes, it's not SF/NY-Chinatown-satisfying, but good enough for Richmond. In my opinion, a better choice when compared to Full Kee. A little note: these dishes are meant to be shared amongst groups so ask for the dumplings, etc to be cut in half so everyone can get a little taste. Most dishes come in three's. Food deets:1. Shu Mai: the prototypical favorite of pork dumplings garnished with a bit of crab roe2. Fried taro: dumpling look-alikes containing delicious mashed taro with a meat center and a crumbly fried batter as its outer shell.3. Har gow: chewy shrimp dumplings, feel free to dip in soy sauce4. Lo mai gai: MUST get. Essentially glutinous sticky rice with some meat and mushrooms wrapped in a lotus leaf (leaves are not meant to be eaten...).5. Turnip cake: fried daikon radish + shrimp in rectangular/square shapes. Sprinkle with some soy sauce for the best taste.6. Shrimp noodle rolls: wide flat rice noodles wrapped around shrimp and dressed with soy sauce. Simple but a childhood favorite. *must order from a menu, not on carts7. Egg custard: an sweet egg mixture in a well-done pastry cup. Overall, Queen's exceeded my expectations quite a bit. $13/person incl. tip for a group of 10 and fairly full bellies. Certainly worth a quick drive over to check out the dim sum.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/16/2014,61,189,2,9,4>Bahn Mi.I'm not sure I need to say more but I will.Bahn Mi!If you have not eaten these amazing Vietnamese sandwiches, you are missing a true pleasure in life.   I read a little on the Internet (so it must be true!) and learned that bahn mi is actually just the light and crispy baguette on which these sandwiches are made; it's the rest of the name that makes the magic.  My favorite from Catina so far is the #11 bahn mi heo nuong, which is made with thinly sliced Vietnamese grilled pork.  I've also had the #10 bahn mi ga nuong (grilled chicken) and #1 bahn mi thit nguoi (cold cuts).  All were delicious! I'm not sure I want to tell you all the typical ingredients, just so you'll try them "as is" and judge for yourself.  There's nothing on any of these that will hurt you (just meats, vegetables, and condiments), but some of you might not think of these flavors on a traditional American sandwich.  It's the bahn mi ingredients that make them so good, in my opinion.  For you Subway fans out there, this is nothing like Subway where you pick and choose the ingredients as they build it before your eyes.  To get the best sandwich I'd recommend you simply step up, request the sandwich by number, pay your $3.50, and patiently wait a few minutes for your your paper-wrapped, rubber band-sealed grinder of goodness.  Your courageousness will pay off!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/15/2014,84,184,2,8,6>Easily one of my favorite restaurants in Richmond!  Make a reservation in advance if you want to guarantee yourself a table.  This place is always crowded for one main reason - the food is AMAZING!  Plenty of options for meat eaters, vegetarians, and seafood lovers so there is something for everyone.  They serve "mezze" dishes (shared plates) so everyone can have a bite but don't over-order because portions are VERY generous plus they start you off with a bread basket that you can dip in Greek olive oil.Favorite dishes include: Lamb Frites (I adore this dish and leftovers make for a great breakfast hash), Grilled Octopus (an unexpected favorite dish, tastes like a combo of lobster and calamari), Saganaki (salted, flaming cheese - so addicting), Cypriot Salad (unique salad with grapes, pistachios, and mint - very refreshing), and Moussaka (have tried both meat and vegetarian - kinda like a Greek lasagna that has a touch of sweetness from cinnamon = true comfort food).  The Zucchini fritters, Stella's Kalamari (sauteed with tomatoes), and the Chicken Souvlaki are also good choices.  Don't forget to ask about specials because there are lots of choices.  We loved our special mezze of seared scallops with sauteed chicken livers.They also do happy hour from 4pm-6pm, Monday-Friday and serve select small plates and drink special (cocktails are unexpectedly good and there's a nice wine list).  If you arrive during peak hours, you might be lucky to grab a spot at the bar or at the communal table.  Highly recommend Stella's, it will soon become one of your favorites.  And ask Sarah for your server, she rocks!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,2/14/2014,62,181,4,10,8>Best Burgers in town? Possibly! Best New Zealand food Ever? YES! What is not to like about this newly popped sensation in Carytown. This burger bistro will tantalize your taste buds with their flavors that will appease even the pickiest of burger aficionado's.Let's start with the basics: Service was 100% on par. Not only was the staff friendly, the bartender was kind enough to give us menus to have a drink while we waited (the anticipated 30 mins for friday night dinner rush). Not only did we have stellar drinks, but we found a perfect spot at the bar - no longer waiting for a table. And, this place is packed for a good reason. Families, groups, and all kinds of local folks were here to try some of this amazing food. First on the menu was the appetizer of mussels - Mediterranean style - which completely set the mood for the best meal i have had in Carytown in way too long. They were fresh and each bite had so much flavor. I have had mussels, but these were top notch!Onto the burger....well, for someone who does not usually finish their meal, every bite was gone by the end. Let me tell you the story about the best burger I have ever eaten. The East Coast: fresh hamburger patty, the BEST blueberry chipolte bbq sauce (yes, you read that right folks BLUEBERRY!!) topped with uncured BACON!!!!, carmelized onions, and garlic aioli. Man, oh, man! Wow. The explosion of flavor in that first bite was so good that I only let my partner in crime in this adventure of flavor have ONE bite- I did not even want to share that bite! WOW! Just wow. To make this ever tasty burger have at least some sort of "healthy" option, it automatically comes with a fresh green mini-salad. Of course no burger is quite complete without a side of fries - and we choose the tzatziki dipping sauce - which was a complete waste since the fries were so good on their own!  Friends, fellow yelpers, RVA newbies, RUN do not walk, i repeat do not walk...to get the best burger in town. Please! I beg of you. Try a bite and it will change your entire view on the modern american staple.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2013,2/13/2014,35,123,1,6,4>The restaurant was much fancier that any typical Pho restaurant. The place is super clean and the staff is quite friendly.App:Crispy Spring Roll - pork was a little blandGrilled Pork Soft Rolls - very tasty. Pork had a great marinade.Dinner:Pho Dac Biet - Broth was ok. Didn't quite have the pho broth flavor I am used to. This broth tasted more like a stock broth and there wasn't enough spices in it. I had to add a teaspoon of fishauce to it. With that being said, I didn't find my Pho to be that great. It was edible and I finished it but wish I went with a different dish.I'd like to come here and try some of their rice dishes. A table next to mine had some really nice looking dishes. But for Pho, I'd still stick to Pho So 1 as my go-to.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,2/12/2014,106,26,1,9,4>I would have to say pho so 1 always satisfies the cravings. I usually don't like eating pho, but this is where I'll make an exception. Their service is super fast. Sometimes I don't understand what's going on, but the server knows what I am saying. Whenever I go I always order the fresh rolls as the appetizer. They are always fresh. Some restaurants have them where the skin is hard. Which I could tell that it has been sitting out. Today I ordered pho tai (it's the noodle soup with the eye round steak I believe.) I always ask for the meat on the side because I like to throw it in the soup when it gets to the table so it doesn't overcook. The broth is delicious and for the small I ordered it always fills me up. I've also had plenty of their other dishes and they're great also!! I have nothing bad to say about this place! It's cheap, fast, and delicious.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,2/11/2014,38,206,3,8,4>I am a fan of the style of Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi) that this place sells. They use pate as a bread spread and butter rather than soy or mayo. The only one I've gotten so far and the only one that I know they have is their cold cut combination, I like to call these the house special. The vegetables were cut to the right thickness and marinated just right, and their bread had good flavor. There were a few things that I was disappointed with, and that was the texture of the bread was a little stale, and on my other visits I didn't get much meat or veggies in my sandwich, I think it depends on who makes it but I'm going to try to ask for extra meat on my next visit and see if they'll do it.  To fix the stale issue you can take it home and put it in the oven for a few minutes but hopefully they will figure out they need to offer a slightly toasted option for their sandwiches. I've tried their pate chaud and ham and cheese croissant and even though those had good flavor I feel like they skimp out on the meat. I'm use to when it was Mr Kim's bakery and he was very generous with his portions of fillings of meat.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/28/2014,5,5,6,6,5>Absolutely fantastic. Some friends brought over a meatball pizza and it was so heavenly that I took my "pizza and ice cream" friend there for dinner a few days later. We had the meatball pizza (for my second time and certainly not the last). The meatballs are out of this world. More like meat cake. So flavorful and rich, and with the red sauce on the pizza (which is a perfect balance of sweet and savory), they are amazing. The crust is perfectly crisp on the outside and still soft and chewy inside. We also got a white pizza. As much as the meatball was a fireworks display of flavors, the white was like an amorous whisper from the love of your life. Subtle and delicate flavors of garlic, ricotta, and olive oil, snuggled up together on that same divine crust and all as fresh as can be. The casual atmosphere was homey and comfortable. It was almost as if you'd been welcomed right into a family kitchen that just happens to have a decent amount of seating. We went early on a week night, but I would imagine it gets pretty crowded during prime hours and on weekends. Their renovation and decor choices have retained the old Church Hill charm, while also eliminating the old Church Hill filth. The service was equally hospitable and prompt. We normally trek out to Gelati Celesti after out regular pizza dates, and we were super pumped to find that at Anthony's we wouldn't have to. They serve a limited selection of GC flavors, so you get to support two local businesses at once. It was such an all around wonderful experience that I found myself wondering if I might move to Church Hill just to be closer to Anthony's. I know that sounds a little extreme, but I get really excited about great pizza.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,10/27/2014,33,23,4,5,4>I have now been to lunch there over 5 times and I would say it's one of the best restaurants for lunch in the downtown area. I have now tried the ahi tuna fish tacos and I have to say they are the best I have ever had! The other friends I go with rave about the steak salad. The turkey and avocado sandwich was also fantastic!The amazing thing is I don't think the word is out yet, because lunches are pretty quiet on traffic. Need to get there for dinner.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,10/26/2014,12,68,4,4,5>MMM MMM MMM. I told my fiancé I wanted a cheeseburger after taking a test and he suggested Burger Bach. He has been several times, but this was my first experience. I am a huge fan of all things avocado, so I got the Aucklander. Seriously, the most delicious cheeseburger I've had in a long time. It may have been the best cheeseburger I've ever had. It is not too often that you find a restaurant that puts the perfect amount of mayo and other toppings on a burger, well Burger Bach succeeded at this. There was the perfect amount of avocado relish and it was delicious as well as the perfect amount of mayo, lettuce, and tomato. The burger itself was juicy and very fresh, it tasted wonderful. My fiancé and I split a large fry, so he chose organic ketchup as his dip and I chose the house sauce as mine. I enjoyed the house sauce and would compare it to a tastier version of 1000 Island. The service was good here and I enjoyed the atmosphere, think Chipotle only comfier.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,10/25/2014,71,94,3,4,5>When you first walk in, your attention is immediately drawn to the huge rotisserie behind the main counter.  Tons of whole chicken spinning around over coal.  It smells great in here.Their options seem fairly large.  Mixture of ribs, steak, chicken, tacos, enchiladas and more.  From reading the other reviews it seems that the meats used in their tacos and enchiladas are more tough than they should be, but we had no such experience when we came here for our first visit.I went with their 1/2 rotisserie chicken combo which came with yucca, beans, rice, and a salad.  Add a drink and it was 9 bucks.  You can't beat that in price.  But on the real, this chicken was hands down the best rotisserie chicken I have -ever- had.  EVER.  The skin was absolutely flavorful, hiding the juicy morsels of meat underneath.  It had so much flavor, and was just down right divine, honestly.  By the time I had obliterated all of the rice, beans and the majority of the chicken, I was hunting for any tiny bits of meat I had left on the chicken itself.I will definitely be coming here again.  Go with the chicken options, I promise you'll be pleased.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,10/24/2014,32,31,6,5,6>Best Italian in Richmond. It's exactly as authentic Italian should be--true to the ingredients. My favorite meal here starts with their amazing fresh bread with oil. Perfectly crisp outside and light and chewy inside. Then I go on to their calamari which is perfectly cooked and includes the tentacles in true fashion. I always get the parmigianno e burro pasta which far surpasses any Alfredo on the planet. Sometimes I add veg or protein but most often I eat it as is. I always pair this with the house red (I know I should do white, but I prefer red---it's my little red wagon, pun intended). If I still have room I get the cannoli. The perfect meal. Definitely my last supper. Their seafood is always perfectly cooked and I recommend it all.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,10/23/2014,33,57,4,5,5>My bf and I came here for breakfast on our day off. Now I am a huge breakfast person, just call me Ron Swanson 2. Bakers crust has some really good variety of options, so they have something for everyone. I decided to get the mid-Atlantic omelet. The omelet had red peppers, onions and ham and it came with home fries and toast. The omelet was good, I wish the onions and peppers where a little bigger. One thing that kinda bothered me was that the toast wasn't warm when it came out, it's not a requirement just my pet peeve. My bf got their chicken and waffles. He loved it! To this day he still raves about them. I snuck a bite too and I kinda wish I got that. The waffle was fluffy and the chicken was moist and full of flavor. It was just awesome! I would definitely go back for breakfast. The service was good and fast. Plus if you go with a group they have many selections to choose from. Plus if you have never tried chicken and waffles get it!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,10/22/2014,131,163,3,4,3>It might be the best coffee roasted in RVA.  I stopped by Lamplighter after trying and disliking a couple of bags from a more widely distributed Richmond coffee company.  It was Sunday morning and there was a line out the door.  A small shop, but kind of cute in a dingy sort of way.After waiting for about 10 minutes, I got to the front of the line where the bagged coffee is displayed.  There were about five varieties including one decaf option.  I picked up some beans from Guatemala and from Uganda - both roasted within the past week.  Total price was about $27 for two 12 oz bags.I had planned on ordering a large coffee to go, but the cashier told me that it came free with my bagged beans.  That was a nice surprise.Lamplighter seemed to be doing a pretty brisk breakfast/brunch food businesses when I stopped in.  The tiny dining room was packed and there were about 20 patrons lounging at the exterior tables enjoying bagel sandwiches and baked goods.The cup of Colombian I took to-go was decent, and so was the bag of Uganda coffee that I opened the next morning.  It's not earth-shattering coffee, but by local standards it's amazing.  Certainly the best I've found in Richmond so far.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,10/21/2014,85,143,4,6,4>I will shamefully admit it had been a long time since I'd gone to the dentist.  A string of bad experiences was enough to put me off for a while.  Needless to say I had a major case of anxiety when I finally decided to get myself in gear and find a dentist in Richmond.  I've only had my initial appointment but let me tell you Rusnak Family Dentistry is going something right!  Tara who took my appointment over the phone was super helpful and explained everything to me.  They like to start all new patients with a full comprehensive oral exam that includes head, neck, teeth, tongue and gums. Full sets of x-rays and slew of pictures all to help formulate the best care plan possible. Walking in the door the environment was inviting and friendly.  I was so anxious when they brought me back which seems so silly now because when I left I was basically skipping out the door.  Dr. Adler and her team were so understanding and moved at a pace that was comfortable for me.  Everything was explained before it was done and at the end we sat together and went step by step through a plan of action that would fit me both financially and physically.  I would also say emotionally since doctors appointments always need to have a mental component. All the staff here reinforce the care that you receive from the dentists. Everyone is "on board".  When I checked out Tara ran though everything for me and even gave me a good estimate of the cost of my next appointment.  They even send email and text message reminders which is great. I'm (crazy as is sounds) looking forward to my next appointment. At least I'm no longer gripped with fear! :)
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,10/20/2014,51,183,4,5,5>Wow. Again, it took me way too long to try The Magpie and now that I have, I so wish I had gone sooner. I finally took the plunge in honor of hubby's birthday and the experience was worthy of a special occasion. I love the small, dark atmosphere - totally Richmond from the pressed tin ceilings to the dark booths and very dim lighting. I was surprised how small the restaurant is (30 seats maybe?) and therefore grateful that they accept reservations. We easily got a reservation for 8:30 on a weeknight. The only seats open when we arrived were at the bar and one of the high top tables.  We ordered a couple of specialty cocktails (old fashioned and a rum drink - Hurricane something). The old fashioned was delicious. The hurricane drink was made with molasses rum and the molasses really dominated the drink. It was a new experience for me and while it wasn't a bad drink, I don't think I'd order it again.For food we started with the arancinis. It's been awhile since I've had really good arancinis and these were perfect. They were served with pea shoots and a dried fig jam. We could have eaten several orders of them. For entrees my husband ordered the scallops and I ordered the lamb saddle with gnocchi. Every dish demonstrated the chef's skill - fabulous and interesting flavors and perfect execution. The dessert menu was short - maybe four offerings. We ordered what I believe was called a chocolate tart with caramel and coconut. It was a very rich dessert that fortunately came in a small portion. It was the perfect size for ending our meal.We're light eaters and often end up sharing entrees when we dine out. We cleaned every plate at The Magpie and I believe that's because the portion sizes are smaller than what you typically see. For the price point you might expect more but I was pleased to clean every plate and have no need for a doggy bag.Overall, it was one of the best experiences we've had dining out in awhile. I'm looking forward to many more great meals here!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,10/19/2014,29,159,4,5,5>Perly's.A titan reborn, a deliciously bagel-shaped leviathan rising from the Chesapeake. This is the best jewish comfort food you can get in richmond, with a phenomenal brunch.Revived by the awesome crew behind the Black Sheep, it's got to be one of the most pleasant surprises I've hit upon in richmond across the year. With traditional culinary skills applied to modernized takes on jewish favorites, this place "brings it."I've been here twice in two days!  !
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,11/14/2012,20,21,2,5,3>Okay Wild Ginger is officially my favorite restaurant. Not just because of the amazing sushi or Japan infused entrees. Wild Ginger has the best service and atmosphere of any restaurant I have experienced in the city of Richmond. From management to servers they are passionate about the food they serve and wine they pour. I highly recommend going and just letting your server pick your entrees and pair them the perfect wine.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,11/13/2012,46,109,3,2,2>Crab Louie's was always the place to "take a date" or have a special celebratory night out, and that is still true.  Tucked away in an old colonial tavern-style row of houses in Midlothian's Sycamore Square shopping area, Crab Louie's is well known for it's crab cakes and seafood latkes.  Having waited a while to take our children, we were pleasantly surprised by the choices for kids as well as their willingness to work with our oldest son's allergy concerns.  The staff was helpful and careful to suggest things and to make ingredients known.  They were also willing to fully adapt their menu to allow for grilling vs. frying seafood choices to make them less likely to come into contact with allergens associated with fryers.Before you even get your food, the restaurant's famous relishes and sweet breads tempt you with their variety and freshness (not to mention their wonderful honey butter to put on top of the bread!).  The fish is always a good bet, but the shrimp and crab dishes, with pasta, rice, etc., are also top notch.  Try the jambalaya or the crab and steak combos as well.  The atmosphere is not stuffy, but it's not McDonald's either, and it is worth a bit more for the food and service that you receive here.  Reservations are accepted and suggested, especially on weekends and for holiday meals.  For a special night out, Crab Louie's still does the trick!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,11/12/2012,87,10,2,2,2>World of Mirth is the bomb!   Its the best toy store from here to Barstow -  you want to feel like a kid then go here.   *If you bring your kids well then good luck trying to keep up with them while your wanting to buy most things for yourself as well.   Plenty of special items for grownups and kids - thing you have never seen before.   A great place to check out to find a special gift for any occasion.  And if your looking for something funny then chances are your gonna find some great gag gifts and funny things to buy for kids or adults.    The employees are great at helping you and really seem to just have a great time working there overall.   I have bought :Boo the Cutest Dog in the world, a scary werewolf figurine, a flying squirrel, little small naked babys, a horse head, steampunk goggles, fluffy stuffed Cthulhu LORD OF THE UNDERWORD! - and cuddly at that, and lots of other silly gag gifts.   They just have things your not gonna find anywhere else.   I really cant say enough good things about how unique this store is overall.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,11/11/2012,4,86,,10,5>Came here for the first time Monday during Labor Day, granted it was packed I over heard a member talk about how it normally isn't that full during the weekday. Regardless, during the 30 minutes of filling out paper work, watching the safety video and waiting for our lane my friend and I took the time to get familiar with the establishment.This place is awesome! Very clean, pretty good layout and even have a small food concession where they can grill up any sandwich you pick from their cooler. The staff is incredibly nice and willing to help with anything, even though they were swamped they still did a good job on being polite and helping you if you needed it.They have a large selection of guns, much of which I know nothing about, I'm very new to this so I really can't say if it was well priced or not for weaponry or bullets.They offer a variety of different types of targets from the normal bullseye set up to zombies attacking people. Staff was quick to clean up any shell casings and was happy to instruct us how to use the equipment in the firing range. All in all, for a first experience on a very busy day I had a great time!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,11/10/2012,6,13,7,6,5>Gentlemen, have you ever wanted a stylist to assist you in making critical lock-shearing decisions?  I always knew this sort of service would be helpful, but never thought it existed until I patronized Refuge For Men (thanks to great reviews on Yelp BTW).  Not only did I get a great haircut for a reasonable price ($25), the proprietor Dot helped me walk through decisions about what type of cut would look good on me / professional and would work with my hair type (very straight), how long I should go before getting a trim or full new cut, etc.  The cut and information was well worth the price of admission.  BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE.  Dot has created a cool, comfortable place for guys to come and get their hair cut.  I really enjoyed chatting about the local restaurant / bar / art scene in addition to learning more about her business.  I don't normally feel comfortable striking up a conversation with the person who's working scissors an inch away from my head, but Dot was super easy to talk to and had a genuine interest in sharing information as well as hearing what I had to say.  Done with the chain hair cutting shops - I'm a Refuge convert!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,11/9/2012,55,198,2,4,2>The doughnuts from this place will make you question why people flock to a chain like Krispy Kreme.I haven't visited the establishment myself, but I have had a few doughnuts that a colleague was kind enough to bring to work.  These doughnuts are huge and fresh; you certainly will get your money's worth!  The establishment's box advertises 38 varieties (some for the daring and others for the traditional) and they are open 24 hours a day, 6 days a week!  Worth a special trip across the water into the East End!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,11/8/2012,33,73,3,5,4>During the Folk Festival I was starving and wanted something Richmond -- not just festival food.  I had a plate of rice and their chicken al pastor tacos.  They were DELICIOUS.  I'm a cheese kind of girl, and I didn't miss it on the tacos!  It's a corn tortilla, real shredded chicken, an onion/cilantro mix, and a lime wedge -- so yummy and simple.  It was so good, that based off of my review and the bites my friends stole, we went to the location for lunch the next day!  This time I sample the more "American" tacos, my husband's pork burrito, and my friends carne asada tacos!  What throws you is that this is a lunch counter in a grocery store!  We hit right at lunch rush, so we ended up waiting about 15 minutes for our food, but it was worth the wait.  The hard tacos were really good -- a fresh corn tortilla fried on the spot.  The ingredients are really fresh and the chicken was well seasoned and tender.  They also have a salsa bar that includes spicy guacamole -- don't skip that!  It's pretty hot, but so tasty, and thin enough to put on a taco.  The burrito (big -- think Chipotle sized) was really good as well, and the carne asada had a great flavor to it.Also, don't skip the drinks!  They have regular sodas -- both cans and bottles -- but they have all different types of drinks.  I opted for the Manza (Pepsi's version of one of my favorite coke products -- Lift) and my husband got a black cherry lemonade.We'll definitely be coming back, but maybe at a slightly less busy time. :)
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,11/7/2012,207,132,4,6,6>This place is far off my usual track, but I've known about them since I was the emcee at Deguster back in November '07.What kind of dope am I that it took me almost FIVE YEARS to actually go to the restaurant, after falling in love with their food at that event?A big dope. But I digress.Finally went in this week, just making it in under the wire before they closed for the night. They get that 5th star because not only were we greeted with a smile, no one hovered/sighed/pouted while we worked our way through the app menu.Outstanding food (arepas, conch fritters, and fried oysters), a lovely service experience ... I cannot WAIT to go back.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,11/6/2012,22,82,4,5,7>Like Millie's needs another 4 or 5 star review. :)You'll make your way into the crowded doorway next to the 40 square foot area that is called the kitchen, where you can watch two guys juggling ingredients, hot pans and dishes like a very well coordinated Vegas act amidst a tower of eggs.  The owner (?) will take your name and offer mimosas or bloody marys (maries?) for your wait outside or near the diner counter next to the packed booths in the front.The service in this teeny tiny, warm diner is wonderful - friendly and always hustling because they're never not slammed.  I've never met anyone who doesn't seem like they love their job there.I've been coming here for years and it's consistently delicious and worth the wait.  Mainly for brunch where I typically get one of the wonderful, generous messes (Devil's, Cajun, Veggie, etc.) large enough to share, and also once for one of the best dinners I've ever had.  The Benny is great.  The fried potatoes have something in it that make me want to eat many, many more fried potatoes.  The coffee is yummy.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,11/5/2012,55,162,2,4,3>A chocolate addict's store & my now go-to for a sugar frenzy fix. The first time entering the store made my inner sugar child smile like crazy and start grabbing things off the shelf saying "I want this, and this and this". I had to force myself to put things back on the shelf. Too good of a selection, too good.Ranging from Cote d'Or  Belgian chocolates or fudge ($5) and hilarious "It's not PMS, it's you" mints to Hello Kitty shaped candy and Pocky sticks, you've got everything you could ever want or need. Fellow customers even found "adult candy" for those who desire chocolate body paint, etc.Some definite tries in the truffles area:1. red velvet ($2.49)2. aztec ($2.49) -- tastes like Mexican hot chocolate3. bacon chocolate ($2.49)-- there are also $0.49/$1.99 small/medium chocolates.Great customer service. It's so easy to lose yourself in the candy frenzy but it's definitely worth it. They also sell gift certificates which are good for a year. Plenty of parking around Carytown thought the actual parking lot in front of the store is usually packed.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,2/23/2013,6,10,4,5,6>I've got to give a shout-out to our "old standby" for a quick, cheap lunch at work. We order from them 2-3 times per month and can count on them delivering within 30 minutes or so. There are usually multiple people ordering together and China Panda gets everything right 9 times out of 10 (unlike some other places we order from). They have great lunch specials- for $5 you get the meal and an egg roll or soda. I am a meat eater but also like tofu (and prefer it from Chinese places) so I almost always get the Homestyle Bean Curd special. It can be greasy but flavorful with plenty of veggies. My husband is a fan of the General Tso's chicken and I also like the Sweet and Sour Chicken. Bottom line: Don't expect fine dining but it's fast, filling and tasty
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,2/22/2013,26,54,,8,3>Deep Run Park is as good as it gets. There is an extensive collection of paved and unpaved trails throughout the park that are tucked away in the woods. They are  secluded, it makes it easy to forget that you are really only seconds away from short pump in the far west end. The park also boasts an outdoor excercise trail, 4 separate childrens playground areas, park shelters and grills, a nature pavillion which hosts outdoor concert series in the summer, soccer fields, an outdoor basketball court, a lake for fishing, and an activity field that often hosts free special events for all ages. In the center of the park is Deep Run Recreation Center, a venue hosting lots of recreation classes for all age groups, from yoga, to preschool, and spaces for private rentals. It's truly a beautiful facility you wouldnt expect from the low key exterior. Deep Run Park is a real gem  that is meticulously maintained.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/21/2013,13,65,2,6,3>I have been wanting to check this place out for a few weeks and a sunny Sunday morning walk seemed like a great idea!  This place lived up to the hype I have been hearing and then some!A friendly greeting when we walked in and my favorite new method of payment - iPad with a square and we had placed our orders. The interior is bright and sunny with tables, bench seating with smaller tables and a bar with stools looking out an awesome curved front window. Now on to the food!  I had a chocolate croissant and my hubby Dan H. had the almond one. I wanted to try the salami and cheese one but I only have one stomach :(  These were hands down the best croissants I have had since a trip to France a few years ago. Flaky on the outside with a nice buttery soft flavor in the middle. The chocolate was perfect - not too sweet. The almond was also the perfect amount of flavor. Also the complaint of the pastries being too small is crazy - they were huge!  I can't wait to go back and try their bread plate with warm bread, goat cheese, honey and black pepper. So glad to have an awesome bakery in the neighborhood and glad to see it doing well!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2013,2/20/2013,109,52,3,4,3>A Richmond native recommended this place for its ice cream and general vibe (supposedly it was akin to the down-to-earth, laidback hipster atmosphere at my alma mater's coffeeshop, The Daily Grind). Though I have yet to sample the ice cream, the flavor selection has been tempting during both visits to the Forest Hill Ave. location and my one visit to the location by VCU. I can speak to the ambiance, though, and my friend was spot-on -- the hodge-podge decor and pleasantly worn-in lounge furniture in the corners fit nicely with the chill staff and multicolored chalkboard menu.The food has been good -- I've only had bagel with egg breakfast sandwiches and other variations on bagels, but they've been good (especially given how hard it is to find good bagels around here!), and I'm definitely going to try the other food options in the future. The mango smoothie I once had was delicious -- real fruit taste, not too creamy but not too icy either. I noticed an interesting beer selection... perhaps Crossroads would be an unusual pick for an after work drink?Service has been pretty unremarkable, but the weekends are always crowded well into the late morning, so plan to wait at least 10 minutes, even if you order something simple. This is a nice little place to go for brunch, a snack, or a cup of coffee with a friend.And W&M alum, this may be as close as it gets to the Grind in Richmond, so definitely check it out if you're nostalgic!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/19/2013,81,83,3,4,3>I don't know how I got so lucky to have this place open up just a block from my apartment. This is like a dream come true. I ordered takeaway: chicken biryani and Peshawari naan. When I called, the person on the other end was so incredibly nice. And when I arrived at the restaurant less than 15 minutes later, everyone that I encountered was so polite and welcoming, and had my order ready within a minute or two. I was also pleased to see the place wasn't entirely empty for a cold and rainy weeknight.As soon as I got home, I was sadly interrupted by an unexpected hour-long business meeting [NOOO!!!], but as soon as I was free, I tore into my order, which miraculously was still warm. A huge dish full of rice and veggies and marinated chicken, with a side of herbed yogurt to add as I saw fit. The flavors were incredible, but I wish I hadn't kept the food in the oven while I did my meeting, as it had dried the rice out considerably. Totally my fault. I was just so happy to sink into my couch and let the biryani lull me into a comfort zone that I hadn't ever experienced with South Asian cuisine in Richmond.  ANYWAY...this restaurant is a very welcome addition to the Museum District, and I plan on going here pretty darn regularly.Notes: Every dish can be spiced according to your preference: Mild, medium, hot, or "Indian" hot. I went with regular hot, which registered to me as a medium...not disappointing in the least, but just a heads up. Also, I had never tried Peshawari naan before - it's sweet! Literally! I saved it for breakfast the next day, which was PERFECT, because I was a pig again and ATE EVERY LAST BIT OF BIRYANI. Gotta stop doing that, but it's hard with food this delectable.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,2/18/2013,15,64,2,2,2>Super hungry?  Do you want a place with huge portions?  Joe's Inn is your place!The spaghetti plates are hugeeeeeeeeeeeee! I've tried the meat lover's, the veggie, and the chicken parm and the veggie is definitely my favorite.  I'm a big carnivore but the veggie has some nice flavors going on which makes it my spaghetti of choice.I've also tried the fried chicken sandwich, which was pretty solid as well.  The balsamic mushroom appetizer is awesome! If you come during peak time, expect to wait.  This place gets crowded quick, which shows how popular it is.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,2/17/2013,14,77,5,8,5>One of the best Thai restaurants in Henrico.  I ordered the Thai fried rice with beef and my girl friend order the drunken noodles and both were incredibly good.  Anytime we go someone where new, we try an appetizer.  For the app. we got crunchy rolls (pretty much spring rolls).  The rolls were the best I have ever had and was incredibly well complimented by the house made sauce.This place just opened and is family run, chances are you will meet the owner and her mom (who cooks the dishes).  They are very nice and off to a great start and I highly recommend you give them a try.  Also the prices are on par with other locations if not a little cheaper and they have lunch specials.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,2/16/2013,11,9,3,3,3>Oh, hello there, friends. Why don't you pull up a chair and let me tell you about my recent experience at Burger Bach (pronounced like "batch," not like the famous classical composer)? My wife and I have been planning to eat Burger Bach for awhile now. We love burgers, and they have a gluten-free bun, which is awesome since my wife can't eat gluten. I can't tell you how important this is for someone who is gluten-free. Most of the time, we have to either take GF bread with us and do the old gluten-free switcharoo or my wife has to get a hamburger without a bun and what the hell good is a hamburger if you can't mash it in your bun and shove it directly into your mouth?But then we had a baby so we haven't had a lot of free time for getting out on the town. Yesterday I heard about a dad group meeting at Burger Bach. This was a win-win for me. Burgers and beer while also meeting with dads to talk about the trials and triumphs of parenthood! I'm so 35 years old!The dad group was great. Thank you for asking. Burger Bach kindly put us up at a big table in the corner of their patio, and our waitress Katie was very attentive, keeping the beer flowing and checking in with us on food orders throughout the evening. I ordered a large order of fries, which comes with two of the house-made dipping sauces. I got the house ketchup and the jalapeno remoulade. Both were delicious . . . like top-shelf condiment delicious. But my buddy Joe ordered the cilantro mayonnaise dipping sauce, and let me tell you that sauce was amazing. It was so good as to be spine-tingling. We both dipped pretty steadily into his nerve-electrifying cilantro sauce until we were plumb out of fries at which point we both considered asking for a spoon to finish it off. As the dad chat was wrapping up, I got a text from my wife asking if I could bring dinner home. I grabbed our waitress, Katie, and she was really great about helping me put together my order and adding it to my existing tab. I'm sure it wasn't fun dealing with a bunch of guys on a bunch of different drink orders, so I really appreciated her kindness and patience with me as I placed my carryout order. Katie was a top-notch server!My wife and I both ordered the original burger. Since it was our first time, we thought we'd start with the basics. Our burgers were both cooked to perfection. The lettuce, tomato, and onion were all fresh and bursting with flavor. The bacon was perfect burger bacon; it wasn't stringy and greasy or overly crisp. It was just-right bacon, and it added that extra layer of flavor to send the burger flying right into the tastebud stratosphere (whatever that means). Next time I'm going to try one of their lamb burgers. Or maybe the burger with a fried egg on top. Or maybe . . . who am I kidding? I want to try them all. And you should too . . . you know, if you like burgers and things that taste good. Also, the location is great.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/15/2013,52,70,1,6,3>Totally good and fresh food. I had the shrimp and plantains with garlic sauce, WOW. The plantains were fried perfectly so that they were sweet, soft and crispy all at once. The rice and shrimp were perfectly cooked. The shrimp were nice and tender with minimal seasoning and the rice was not mushy but very flavorful and authentic "mexican" style.  The hot sauces that accompany (they have a self serve hot sauce bar) are just killer. They have 4 hot sauces of varying spiciness 2 green and 2 red, they are all really unique and delicious. Also in the bar are limes and pickled cucumber slices (not your typical pickle).  I also macked a little on my beau's burrito de carne asada (steak) which was simple, well made, fresh and delicious. The service was fast and polite. By far the BEST mexican food I have had in RVA
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/14/2013,38,176,1,6,4>Love this place.  To begin...  Cash only.  They will take checks, but the check sign is crossed out, so I am waiting for the time they say no.  Also, they prepare everything to order, so plan on waiting for things to be made.  It can get backed up around lunch time.The banh mi sandwiches are yummy!  They are on the skimpy side, but the flavors and quality is right on and heck, they are only $3.50 each!  I always stick with the pork.  I also highly recommend the avocado bubble tea ---  it is a real treat!  Smooth and creamy with a fresh avocado taste and just slightly sweet.  Man, I want one now!They also have other Vietnamese items....chips, coffee, candies, Banh bao (aka Steamed pork buns), and tons of other things to try.Cheers!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,8/14/2013,37,155,2,2,2>The burgers are good here: high quality meat, gourmet toppings, etc. But I come for the fries! They have a dish to share that is a heap of fries smothered in cheese and green chile salsa. OMG. So addicting. I am really just not a burger person, so its hard to get me excited about that. I have had bites of my hubby's and they really were tasty. I opted for the veggie burger and then the salmon burger when it was on special, both delicious. I also like this place because its fun to sit at their giant community table, it makes for a great atmosphere to have a couple of beers.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,8/13/2013,84,184,4,6,4>A Nice TreatOn a hot summer night, Bev's location is the envy of the town. As people come out of the Byrd Theater, the heat wave hits and what's that over there? An ice cream oasis called Bev's. Maybe they should do a combo. FoodI saw that they had peach handwritten on the menu and I was sold. Peach has a sweet, but distinctive flavor. It's not like strawberry, which is now so generic that it doesn't resemble strawberries any more.On the creamy/fruity spectrum, this peach ice cream was on the creamy side. It could have been even better if there were more peachiness. May I suggest a peach jelly? The waffle cone was crisp and buttery. Together, they were blissful complements. My two scoops of ice cream inside a waffle cone came out of $4.50, close to DC prices.Ambiance and Service 5Food 5Value 3
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,8/12/2013,46,109,4,4,2>What's this? ANOTHER craft brewery in Richmond?  Since when have we become the new hip and trendy beer town?  Well, if Strangeways has anything to say about it, we maybe looking at a beer renaissance in the confederate capital.  Tucked behind Staples Mill Road, they have a great chance of being the one brewery that truly becomes what Richmond craft beer is known for.  Their first two forays into the metro mix are the eccentrically named "Albino Monkey" blonde, and their "Woodbooger" brown ales.  Of the two, I must say that I liked the brown enough to take a growler home with me to enjoy slowly, and the flavors do not disappoint several days later.  The atmosphere in the tasting area is fun and airy, and the back room shows the potential this place has for a lot of output.  A young, friendly and knowledgeable staff doesn't hurt, and they make up with enthusiasm what they may not know (or can't tell yet) about future brews in the making.  No matter, Strangeways here I come, again, and like a kid in a big candy store, I can't wait to see what the "candyman" comes up with next.  I took a star away because I have been waiting a few weeks for more than a couple of varieties, and so far just the two.  I know the argument is that this takes time, but since this has been in the making for years according to the braintrust's dossier, I guess I was expecting a bit more variety soon after the dust settled from their grand opening.  I'll put the fifth star back if their new entries prove to be as good as their first two.  Pass the pretzels.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/11/2013,55,198,,2,3>I'm glad I finally got to try this place.  The service was friendly and the food was tasty.  The ambiance made me feel as if I were in a Cuban restaurant in Miami...oh, how I miss south Florida.  The Camarones al Ajillo I had was really good...along with the sweet fried plantains, which I love so much...when cooked just right, at which Kenn-Tico succeeded.  I also shared some yuca frita with my bf...they were so good, I now prefer them to French fries!  Something about the taste and consistency that makes the yuca fritas more filling.  We also had some tres leches cake to go...it was so moist, spongy and sweet!  I hope to go back and try some other dishes.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,8/10/2013,31,303,,4,4>A delicious dinner, from start to finish.  We came with a large group, which was easily accommodated despite the packed house, and collectively ordered a majority of the appetizers and entrees.  There were no "stand out" dishes, just consistently well prepared, unique takes on classic southern fare.  In addition, the cocktail menu is in a class by itself.  What helps The Roosevelt stand out from the other similarly-billed restaurants in Richmond is the refined-meets-casual atmosphere.  So, if you're looking for a memorable dining experience, whether it be casual or something more, The Roosevelt is a safe bet.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,8/9/2013,14,184,2,6,6>Really?! You mean I've lived here for over four years and no one had bothered to tell me about this place until this week! Seriously?!  This isn't on the cover of every brochure published about the city! Forget all of the historical sites, they got 'em everywhere. Museums, yeah, so. Folks, if you haven't been there, this is the real deal. For those that are saying, shut your mouth, we don't want everyone to know about this the crowning jewel of Richmond! Sorry, but the story needs to be told every week from now through December.Yes, we made our inaugural visit to South of the James Market. It's an outdoor market unlike I've seen pretty much in my life. Not sure how many stands are there, but I'd take a stab at around 50, along with a few food trucks, including the spectacular Yoder's truck that serves up big, warm, two dollar donuts so sweet, even your teeth cry for joy! On the food side there are a large number of veggie stands, a few meat stands and a smaller number selling fruits. Some are organic, most are at least natural. There are also a few nonfood stands selling things from soap to clothes.I'm guessing that parking can be a challenge, given we got there at shortly after 8 and it looked like people closing in on a major rock concert, but parking a short stroll away and walking through the park is a great way to start the journey through the market.If you are like I was, oblivious to the existence of the market, then let this serve as your awakening. Let this be your moment of liberation from the tired, true Saturdays in Richmond and head to the South of the James!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/8/2013,238,135,8,8,7>I've only paid a single visit to Country Style Doughnuts, but my glazed donut experience was so great that I just HAD to write about it.Came here with two friends around 1am on a Saturday night (man, what a wild college adventure for foodies like us!). I noticed the pink wall of donuts, most of which were empty. That was a-okay, we didn't expect many choices at such a late hour. The man at the counter greeted us, then spoke most magical words that could be uttered in a doughnut shop: "Hot glazed will be ready from the oven in 5 minutes". We promptly replied, "Yes, we shall wait." and man oh man, was it worth every second. He packaged a dozen of these babies in a box and we sat down in the bench-like seats to dig in. Let me say this first, I have never used the word "foodgasm" to describe food (quite frankly, I believe it sounds silly, nor should it exist as hashtag on Instagram). But that, 'foodgasm', is exactly what happened in my mouth when I took my first bite. Hot, fresh glazed, perfection. Sweet and soft and doughy and amazing. I finally know how Homer Simpson feels. I did not realize that my eyes had widened as I fell into pure deep-fried bliss until my friend asked, "are you okay?" Hands down the best hot, glazed I've ever eaten.I am dreaming of the day I come back here.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,8/7/2013,3130,648,2,5,6>Libby Hill Park has beautiful views of Downtown Richmond especially during sunrise or sunset .Part of the park has nice views of the James River as well. I've taken some amazing photos of the city from Libby Hill Park. The best views in my opinion are during Christmas time because all of the buildings downtown has lights. Besides the beautiful views, Libby Hill Park has a statue and water fountain. I live close by the park, so I usually jog through Libby Hill in the morning. I usually see people jogging, walking their dog, or taking pictures. Libby Hill Park is a popular tourist attraction for visitors touring Shokoe Slip. I walk to the park but there's plenty of parking for visitors. If you're looking for a great view of Downtown Richmond, Libby Hill Park is a good choice.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,8/6/2013,22,146,2,5,3>Had the steak and cheese. It was everything a steak and cheese should be. The bread was perfectly soft but stood up well to the moistness of the meat, the steak was flavorful, and they did not skimp on the provolone cheese. It came with battered fries, and those were alright, nothing special. The boy had the chicken parmesan which was a gigantic portion of deliciousness. I'll admit that the marinara sauce was a tad sweet for my liking (I don't believe sugar has a place in marinara sauce), but overall the dish was amazing and I wouldn't turn it down. The sauce was still really flavorful.We had the calamari to start, and theirs is some of the best I've ever had. No tentacles:) It was super tender, a batter so light and airy that it's trying to float right off the calamari, and of course served with some delicious and obviously homemade marinara and lemon slices. Seriously, I think it's the best calamari I've ever had. And wow, what a giant portion.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,8/5/2013,38,28,2,4,3>Although I work close to Azzurro I had not been there until last week when I grabbed dinner with some co-workers. The restaurant is beautiful and has a section of patio seating for use during good weather. I was really impressed with how nice the restaurant was and will have to keep this in mind for some date nights in the future!We were welcomed with some complimentary champagne so of course our meal started out wonderfully. We ordered crab cakes for an appetizer. They were just OK by my standards, but I grew up 10 minutes from the Chesapeake Bay in Southern MD so it's hard to please me when it comes to anything crab. The bread was wonderfully soft on the inside with a crispy crust. I had a hard time choosing what to order because everything on the menu looked so wonderful! I don't typically eat a lot of Italian food or pasta so it was definitely a treat. I wish that I had seen some more of the pasta dishes incorporate veggies but I'm sure they would have been able to add some if I had asked. In the end I decided to go with pizza because the topping combination sounded out of this world. I ordered the Pizza di Giardino which was a thin crust with toasted pinenuts, olive oil, Gorgonzola, shallots, tomatoes, and topped with shaved arugula. You don't see cheeses like Gorgonzola showing up in the pizza world too often so I had to take advantage and it was a GREAT choice. I ate half of it and excitedly devoured the other half for lunch the next day.Everyone at our table was pleased with their food and I tried some of the Farfalle al Vodka. Their vodka sauce is on point!! Though I typically don't go for just noodle and sauce dishes I can foresee this becoming a go-to comfort food. You can add some meat or seafood if you'd like to have some protein.We ended with the Tartufo for dessert which was a heavenly combination of chocolate and hazelnut that stirs up the same flavor memories as my beloved spread, Nutella. The wait staff was extremely attentive to our table consistently filling our water glasses and clearing plates in a timely manner. It was a wonderful experience and look forward to going again.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,4/21/2014,14,38,1,9,7>I went here tonight on a whim after hearing good things, and I was in the area.First off - the location.  When you drive up, the place looks abandoned, but it's because it's the only thing bringing in business in the entire shopping center (whatever the big store is next door was already closed, or near about empty, at 7 PM), but the section of the building for Mission BBQ looks warm and welcoming.And, come on, there's an army truck outside.  That's kinda cool.The place, despite outside appearances, was hopping.  I probably had to wait about 10 minutes to place my order.  The layout is similar to how Qdoba or Chipotle works - the line forms on one side of the large, open room, you place your order with a cashier and pay up front, wait for your name to be called and grab your tray, and sit down wherever you please.  One of the workers brought people standing in line a sample of the jalapeño and cheese sausage, and it almost made me change my mind on the pork/brisket sampler.But I stood firm.  I got the pork and brisket sampler, with a side of fries (the XL Combo) and a drink.  While waiting for my food, I saw several people with what appeared to be the most delicious mac and cheese I've ever seen, and I almost asked to change my side option.  But that was a very short time I had to wait.  My food was ready before I had a chance to even put a lid on my cup.  I was almost worried because I thought it might be a bit like fast food barbecue.The meal itself came with a piece of cornbread, and the worker asked if it was my first time here.  He told me about how the meats were cooked, and the sauces that were on the table.  It was welcoming, but it felt a little long-winded - I already ordered the meat, I kinda didn't care how many hours they were in the smoker at this point, I just wanted to put my fork in it.The first thing I bit into was one of the french fries.  They were crispy with a good amount of seasoning on them (but not too much).  However, after digging into the meat, I didn't even want them anymore because the meat and cornbread was so delicious.The pork barbecue was something of a mix between a NC style and a KC/Tennessee style - it was thick and hearty, but had a lightness to it at the same time.  It was similar to Buz & Neds, but a little less heavy and rich.  It paired really well with the honey hot sauce.The brisket, however, was probably one of the best I've ever had.  The cashier that took my order asked if I wanted it "lean" or "wet," and I got it wet.  I think I can guess what the difference might be, but I'm not positive.  I stuck my fork in it and it just fell apart.  I didn't even need a knife.  The flavors were, similar to the pork, strong but light.  You can taste the smoke in every bite, and the crispy ends made it all the more delicious.  I tried several sauces on it, but, honestly, it didn't need them.The cornbread is what I envision the perfect cornbread to be.  It was somewhat dense, but didn't feel too heavy or buttery when you took a bite, and you get a nice note of sweetness from the corn.  It was a good way to cool down the spicier sauces (which, by the way, weren't overly spicy at all).The only thing I would say was bad about the experience was the method of placing your order.  The cashier and pickup area has too many people crammed in a small space - people placing orders, picking up their meal, getting their drinks, and all their condiments.  Thankfully, that area was where people spent the least amount of time because the food came up so quickly, and I can imagine that, on a slower night, it would be fine.All in all, after tonight's meal, I have a new top favorite barbecue restaurant in Richmond, and I would advise anyone to go here and check it out.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,4/20/2014,114,325,3,10,6>When this new Southern restaurant opened up on Main St, I knew I had to try it at some point. Considering how often I drove past it after getting off the freeway, I knew it was just a matter of time. After all, it's impossible for the color scheme of the exterior to NOT catch your eye.I decided to come here for lunch one day with my mom when she was in Richmond visiting me. The service was great, and we were greeted as soon as we entered. The interior was very clear and bright; the large windows provide lots of natural light. Although the restaurant is small, it can seat a decent amount of people at the bar and tables, and it doesn't seem like it gets too crowded.In terms of food, everything was tasty, but just overpowering for me. The candied yams were way too sweet. The fried chicken and collards were far too salty. I liked the food and the menu, but think that the food does not need to be that heavily seasoned. Granted, I realize that some people like their food that way, but as a medical student, I would argue that it was more than necessary and that this is the problem with the American diet.So why still four stars? This place is so new, so I will allow for some kinks to be worked out. I still thought the service was phenomenal. I really liked the fresh flowers at the table, and the sweet tea was actually not too sweet, and it came in a cute glass jar with unlimited refills. I think this place has a lot of potential, and I will just have to ask for a little less salt when I return.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/19/2014,74,16,4,6,5>Hands down the best sushi in Richmond. The staff is friendly and the sushi tastes so fresh! We went in for lunch and their specials/prices are unbeatable! The only negative thing I'd have to have to say is that the restaurant is a bit tiny and doesn't seem very approachable from the outside but it doesn't take away from the quality of the food. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,4/18/2014,2,26,3,8,7>So I've never been to a deli before, or really gotten sandwiches for lunch unless it was Panera, Subway, or a cheesesteak from a pizza place, but I'm working downtown for the time being and with Coppola's right by me, I figured I'd give it a shot.WOW! I have to say first that I am not a fan of pink meats generally- I stay AWAY from bologna and have never been interested in trying salami or any other Italian meats, but this place completely changed my mind. I got the Industrial- Genoa salami, mortadella, capicola ham, provolone cheese, onions, hot & sweet peppers, lettuce, tomatoes, oil & vinegar on a roll- grilled...the meat was generous, the peppers had good bite, just the right amount of oil and vinegar, the bread was soft and chewy, everything was amazing! I will be going back to try moreThe only thing I can say is the price is a little high- all I got was a sandwich and my total was $9.16. There was a ton of meat and everything tasted very fresh but I think that one thing will keep me from going here often. I'm sure food costs have gone up, I know not everyone who's not in the industry realizes that, but for what I got I'd be more comfortable paying $7.16 versus 9. At least include a can of soda or a bag of chips with that. Still the sandwich was amazing!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,4/17/2014,85,143,4,7,5>I've had some wonderful experiences here at LuLu's on repeated visits.  Located next to the farmers market it's a great place to grab brunch on the weekend during the spring and summer and then do some shopping.  They are only open for brunch on Saturday and Sunday and dinners only on Friday and Saturday night so not a week day spot.  They do a small meal of items but they do them well. My favorite brunch item is the Pork Burrito and I advise you bring an appetite because holy moly it's big.  Other items that are good (feedback from friends that dined with me) are the Huevos Rancheros and the Chilaquiles. The plating of the food here is simple but attractive. Our waitress on the last visit was Sarah and she was wonderful and attentive.  She keep up with our table on drinks and the food came out quickly and together. (Bravo to the kitchen too for this one.)  She didn't blink an eye or have any issue when we needed to split the check between the 5 of us. If you find yourself down near the bottom on the weekend I would highly recommend Lulu's as a dining spot for brunch.  If you've ever eaten at Millie's they are owned by the same person and you will see some similarities in the food style and offerings.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/16/2014,80,45,5,10,7>Short of a flight over the Atlantic, La Grotta is a phenomenal, authentic dining experience fit for a king and is delivered by a richly-seasoned, Italian-trained chef.Richmond residents benefit greatly from the fortune of owner-Chef Antonio Capece's immigration from Italy in 1981 and his move from the busy-streets of Washington DC to the family-friendly RVA. From the decor, to the service, to the food - you can tell that Tony is bringing you every bit of his Northern Italy heritage that he can!Our party elected to try the Four Course meal, each of us selecting our own combination of delicious choices from Pasta, Salad, Entree, and Dessert. I would certainly suggest taking the recommendation of the Chef when possible, unless your heart is set on a certain cuisine. My meal consisted of a sampling of Gnocchi al Filetto di Pomodoro, Agnolotti alla Panna, Ravioli di Aragosta, Torretta, Gamberoni e Cape Sante Con Polenta Fra Diavolo, and Tiramisu."Say what?!", You ask? Yes, a majority of the items on this menu are completely in Italian adding a very comical flare to any dining experience with non-Italian speaking guests. Ours, certainly, was nothing short of a 1960s comedy routine. Don't fret though, each of them has a very wonderful description. Like most ethnic places, French, Italian, etc. - my recommendation is to order based on the description. "I'll have the Shrimp and Scallops with Polenta" worked just fine.The journey through Northern Italy began with a sampling of freshly made pastas and sauces elevated by nuanced flavor. The first bite hit my palate with a bright, fresh, acidic Filetto di Pomodoro sauce smothering small pillows of potato pasta. The Gnocchi was perfectly chewy and flavorful, enough to sop up the delicious sliced (filetto) plum tomato (pomodoro)  sauce - traditionally from Northern Italy - and compliment the sharp notes of fresh herbs and strong garlic aromas. Next, the spinach and ricotta ravioli was a wonderfully light and airy contrast to the dense tomato gravy. Draped in a surprisingly light cream sauce, each of these elements managed to share the stage with the spinach within. Finally, the star of the show, a Lobster-stuffed ravioli. Complete with a seafood bisque as the sauce, it was buttery, rich, and perfectly cooked. I would like to say that I am joking, but a straw was used to finish off the bisque by one member of our group (who should thank me for anonymity). The sauce alone could serve as an outstanding appetizer.Meal over? No. That was the first course.My salad course was equally delightful. A colorful, towering stack of roasted red pepper, marinated eggplant, and house mozzarella covered in basil, oregano, oil, and an immensely rich aged balsamic vinegar. Each ingredient was a star on its own but the combination filled my mouth with a cacophony of flavorful notes.To my delight, the "sautéed jumbo shrimp and sea scallops with crushed red pepper and saffron in a tomato cognac sauce over polenta" was a much spicier rendition of the amazing tomato sauce adorning my gnocchi. Sampling the red pepper sauce with a bite of fresh bread, this is no medium-spice dish. The flavorful cognac sauce added a wonderful bite and heat to elevate it one notch higher than the cuisine served before it. While my scallops were cooked to perfection, the only flaw in my entire meal was slightly overcooked shrimp (full tail-on, which also bothers me, instead of trimmed).Finally, the crème de la crème of Tiramisu. Rich chocolate, deep dark aromas of expresso, sweet and spongy ladyfingers soaking up all the flavors, served over a champagne-laced pudding worthy of being served on its own, accompanied by chocolate. Seriously. The best dessert in Richmond? Possibly.Go to La Grotta. It is absolutely worth every penny. Enjoy a taste of Northern Italy.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,4/15/2014,125,397,2,5,5>Boy oh boy is this a wonderful place!  You will find all sorts of things here that you never imagined would be in this sort of thrift store.  I found a brand spanking new solid wood above-the-fridge cabinet here to mount in my laundry room for like $40.  It even happened to match my existing kitchen cabinets.  How cool is that!They have everything here from lamps and lamp shades to chairs, cabinets, shelving, screws, nuts, and bolts to spray paint, chandeliers, house flags, and even wine stoppers galore.  You will find door knobs and knick knacks of all kinds. I even scored a beautiful scroll-design black metal cake pedestal which I repurposed as a jewelry organizer for my earrings to hang from and my bracelets to rest on top of.  I scored a lovely table lamp with a beaded fringe shade for like $12 too.One of the best finds for me, since I was not doing an actual home improvement project, was the ten cent seed packs.  I keep seeds forever and have never had a problem with them working, and here you can find last season's seeds for just $.10!  You heard me, TEN cents!  These are the regular brand name seed packs from the local home improvement store.  You will find all types of herbs, along with your basic veggies, and many varieties used in Mexican cooking as well.  I was overjoyed!  Too bad I hadn't visited before.  Spray paint is also available in an array of colors for dirt cheap.If you're in the area, drop by, check them out, and negotiate yourself a deal. You really can't lose.  Can't wait to go back!  If you have a smart eye for repurposing items, this is your mecca, begin your pilgrimage.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/14/2014,20,109,4,8,7>Alamo BBQ is THE BEST place to go for all your BBQ and/or hunger needs.It would be silly to try to mention everything that was great since EVERYTHING was great, so I'll try to keep it brief. The trainwreck meal is delicious, as are all of the pick-two/pick-three meats combination meals. Prices are good and parking is easy (plenty of street parking any time of day), and the location isn't seedy or anything worth worrying about. You can smell the deliciousness the griller is hard at work on before you even come up to order, and the Proustian experiences it will give you days/weeks/months later are nothing short of impressive. I would go so far as to say this is a mandatory restaurant for any self-respecting meat eater to visit. See you there! :DOverall: 4.5 stars---------------------Pros:-Food is AMAZING! You simply cannot beat their BBQ, or their anything really.-They have Mexicokes! If you want to taste true coke as it was before high fructose corn syrup took over, Alamo has you covered!-Pricing is good. You get a hearty meal at an affordable price, and the Groupons they sometimes put out make it an even more affordable trip!Cons:-Only seating is in a semi-covered outside area, so bad weather days would not make for a good dine-in experience here.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,4/13/2014,20,91,3,8,5>I'm going to be giving out a five star review because of the depth of the menu and the value of the food quality for the price. I love this menu! Pasta. When you talk about Italian food, you're expecting to get good pasta. So many places fall short with the most basic pasta dishes. Maldinis dishes up some of the most authentic tasty pasta this side of New York and Connecticut where my cousins get the good stuff. I had the Bucatina with pancetta and onions. It was perfect. My partner had the Shrimp Fra Diavolo which had very large fresh tasting shrimp and a nice sauce. Portions were large, allowing for another complete meal later. The booths are plain plywood but very comfortable. In general this is a good family place and it had a few televisions with sports playing. The dessert menu is pretty deep and has some really good choices. Give this place a try, you won't regret it.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,4/12/2014,8,63,2,6,4>My wife and I went here for dinner on a Saturday evening and agreed that this place is awesome!  It's in a nondescript strip mall in the west end and the inside of the restaurant leaves a bit to be desired, but that is the only complaint I can lodge.First of all, they have an all Virginia craft beer draft list and about 30 other bottled craft beers on their chalk board beer menu.  Spectacular stuff.We started out with the crab rangoon flautas, which were basically three egg rolls with crab rangoon filling and a chili soy sauce.  They were excellent and we agreed that we could have eaten another order.For our main dishes, she had the fish taco and the Asian pork taco.  The pork was awesome and the fish was just so-so.  I had the shrimp and grits taco and the beef short rib taco.  Both were really good, but the short rib was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Finally, we had Mexican tiramisu for dessert.  I don't really know what was in it, nor what made it Mexican, but it was very good, too.  It had little crispies on it, which was a nice touch.Highly highly recommended.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,6/29/2012,37,5,4,3,2>I absolutely love this place.  I feel like a winner every time I go.  The sushi is amazing and the hibachi is to die for!!!  They love large parties, so don't be afraid to make reservations for 23, because they will be able to accommodate!!!  I celebrated my 30th birthday here and I was so surprised at their level of customer service.  We had three servers and never had to wait for even a sip of water!!!  At the end of the night they sang Happy Birthday in Japanese and they even took photos in the front for us without hesitation!!!  Thumbs up to Sakura!!!!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,6/28/2012,3,80,,5,2>After reading the reviews about PhoSaigon on Yelp for awhile now, I was finally able to convince my wife to give it a try.  I love sushi and Thai food but don't know much about Vietnamese food so I was happy to give it a try.  My wife is a meat and potatoes kind of person, so I kind of dragged her along.  We tried a few appetizers to start.  Crispy spring rolls to ease my wife into it, they were piping hot, very crunchy and the sauce was just spicy enough to add flavor.  We also tried the (#4) Banh Xeo - a rice pancake, with saffron, shrimp, bean sprouts and pork that you add chili sauce to and wrap in lettuce.  A little messy the way I stuffed it but it was so good.  All the flavors and fresh sprouts and crispy lettuce - amazing! Oh yeah - they also have Tiger beer from Singapore, one of my favorites - perfect with the spring rolls!For dinner, I went with the traditional Pho - when in Rome - the number 11.  It had beef broth, rice noodles, eye of round, brisket and meatballs.  The bowl is huge!  So much food for $8.50!!  The meatballs were very good; the broth not salty, just right; and the extras - bean sprouts, cilantro and jalepenos all added at will, made this Pho and instant favorite.  My wife had the #37 - wok stir fry - with chicken, broccoli and bok choy.  I have to say, I ate alot of hers too.  Very flavorful and fresh ingredients.  Even with the added apps (3) and a couple of beers the bill was very reasonable for such a great dinner - about $45.  I think you could eat a great meal here for less than $12 per person.  If I could change one thing about the experience I would have wished for the waitress to know a little more about the Vietnamese food so she could have explained the menu to us.  Even with that, she was a great waitress and we enjoyed our evening.I will definitely be back.J
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,6/27/2012,35,136,,6,3>Words cannot express how much I love this place. I've been a steady customer since arriving in Richmond eight years ago. The fatayers are amazing, as is the hummus, and homemade pita chips. I've lived in DC and Chicago and this place has the best tabouleh I've ever eaten. It's always fresh, not too heavy on the onion....just delicious. They also have grocery items that you can't find in regular supermarkets and their fresh spices are a great deal.Love, love, love this place.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,6/26/2012,16,82,3,6,6>Stupid Living Social strikes again.  I buy the restaurant deals with all kinds of good intentions of using it in the most frugal way possible - a nice, inexpensive entree out with the hubby.  I end up using it the restaurants intend - a full check, before dinner drinks, after dinner drinks, that dessert that I swore I wasn't going to indulge in tonight but it sounds so damn good....Bleh.But Mezzanine lured me in and hooked me.  We started with fresh oysters.  Perfect.  Cremini mushroom salad for him, sweet potato bisque for me.  They appear to know what our favorite foods are and have tailored their menu accordingly.  Rockfish and scallops for dinner, switching plates half way through so that we could both experience the full range of flavors.  Again, the know our favorites and cook them to perfection.  The sweet potato and duck confit hash with the fish was amazing (though, I'll be honest, the butternut squash risotto was just a little gummy).  At this point you are all smiley and food drunk and you have to have the pound cake with fresh berries and cream.  And you don't regret it for a minute.To top it all off the service was pleasant, the by-the-bottle wine prices were super reasonable and the atmosphere was very low-light-cozy-date-night.We will be back and we can't wait.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/25/2012,55,198,,4,3>This is my favorite park in all of Richmond (though Forest Hill Park is a close second).  This place just screams Richmond to me and floods me with nostalgia anytime I visit.  There are two lakes to walk around (one with a lighted fountain, paddle boats and concession stand), ducks to feed and a track to walk or run!  It's set in a beautiful neighborhood and, my favorite feature, it's accessible at night for a romantic midnight stroll (or maybe some necking and petting in your car).  Don't forget about the Carillon (the big bell tower) and amphitheater at Dogwood Dell as well as the tennis courts across the streets - some people refer to these as separate sites.  And of course there's nearby Maymont Park for those who want to walk through peaceful gardens or see animals.  This entire complex has something for everyone!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,6/24/2012,814,187,2,5,3>I usually hate hibachi places because the food is often flavorless, and the show is dull, but I was pleasantly surprised by Kabuto for their teppanyaki prepared food. i've been to benihana, sakura, and a few other places, but kabuto is by far the best. Although, hibachi entertainment doesn't get any better after the first time, our chef tried his best to entertain us --There's only so much you can do to entertain guests on a teppanyaki grill before the tricks start to get old...What I like about this place though is not so much the hibachi, but the SUSHI HAPPY HOUR! Every week day from 5:30-7:30PM (you may want to double check the times) they have rolls priced from $5 and $7. The power roll, which has filet mignon on it is simply amazing. The dragon and dynamite (spiciness can be adjusted by request) rolls are amazingly good also. The sushi is fresh, well prepared, beautifully presented, and delicious! Staff is friendly, and service is pretty quick. sidenote: The sushi chef is even more entertaining than the hibachi chefs! He's a humorous character with a thick japanese accent --this is when you know your sushi will be legit :P
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,6/23/2012,2,7,7,6,4>Funny story. A few years ago, I'm walking by Coppola's Deli and I see this guy sitting at one of the sidewalk tables and I think, "Damn, I know that dude. I hope he doesn't see me because I recognize his face but I can't remember his name. This is going to be embarrassing". But, my fear was in vain because "that dude" was Patrick Dempsey - that's Dr. McDreamy to fans of Gray's Anatomy. No joke. Patrick Dempsey had a sandwich at Coppola's while he was in town filming a movie a few years back. Anyway ... I don't know what they put on their subs, but it's like crack or something. The flavor is unbelievable. If I could recreate that flavor, I'd never eat out again. I'd also probably never see my toes again if you know what I mean.Over the years you see a lot of places come-and-go, but there are a few that manage to beat the odds and become icons and pillars of the neighborhood. Coppola's is one of those places. The food is always great, the staff always super friendly, and you can get in and out quickly if you need to. They have about 10 tables inside and maybe 5-6 more outside on the sidewalk, which is great for people watching in Carytown.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,6/22/2012,18,26,,5,5>If you need to send flowers anywhere... USE THEM!!!  Coleman Brothers is wonderful.  The staff are every attentive to your needs.  I call and tell them how much I want to spend and where it is going and they do the rest.  Everything that comes out of their shop is perfect.  I sent a dish garden to a friend of the family and it was beautiful.  If you want to be specific with your order, that's fine too.  For my daughter's birthday, I asked them to send her flowers and told them she liked butterflies.  The arrangement was in a blue and white bowl with hand painted butterflies on it.  In the flowers they had placed butterfiles suspended on wires and there were 2 balloons that also had butterflies.  It made my daughter cry.  That was 5 years ago and she still has the bowl.  I have never been dissappointed with anything they have sent.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,6/21/2012,61,189,3,6,4>I am a regular patron at a neighboring  restaurant but recently saw Belle Vie offering a Living Social promotion.  After looking at their website and reading Yelp feedback, I decided to try it and am SO glad I did!  My visit was a solo night for me, as my usual dining companion was out of town and I was hungry. I enjoyed every aspect of my visit: the service, the atmosphere, the food, the beer, and even the price; regardless of the Living Social discount that got me to sample Belle Vie, I will return and will pay full price. The staff all seem to have a genuine interest in providing a memory rather than just a meal.  My evening's server, Virginia, was exceptional. Not only was she genuinely friendly, she gave great recommendations, timed my dinner perfectly through the courses and checked in enough to be sure I was happy without overdoing it. I went all-out with the Living Social offer since I had to spend the $50 value or lose it; it was one of those carpe diem culinary moments for me and I was in an adventurous mood.  Before you read this next section, please know that I didn't eat all of this food... I ate an adequate sample to enjoy it without gorging myself -- in other words, no judging! :)  I started with a mussels appetizer paired with a Stella Artois beer, followed by the soup du jour creamy cauliflower soup, which made me reconsider my general dislike for cauliflower...it was delicious!  Next came the perfectly medium-rare rib eye steak (the creamy mushroom sauce is so perfect with this steak!) with pommes frites as a side.  I finished the evening with an apple tart tatin and a cup of perfect dark roast coffee.  I have to say, this evening was one of my favorite food experiences of all time and I didn't want it to end. Obviously with a friend or group of friends, it might have been more lively and I wouldn't have resorted to the occasional Words with Friends round when no one was looking, but then I wouldn't have realized how good this restaurant really is.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2012,6/20/2012,55,162,2,3,2>One of the few OK study environments in Shockoe Bottom--fairly quiet (though the cafe music was a bust last time I was here) with a moderately fast WiFi and good coffee, albeit expensive ($4-$7). There is a selection of teas and food, which smells unbelievably delicious, as well. The best part is the cute outdoors patio that includes lounge/garden chairs with small tables and blankets if you need them; perfect for a spring/summer evening. Recommended for:1. the occasional coffee (probably not sustainable to buy a $5 coffee daily...for a student, anyway) -- I personally thought it was OK, but some others liked it a lot.2. blueberry jasmine iced tea (free refills in-house) ~$23. the study environment, a few plugs here and there + free WiFi.4. the food smelled good (though I never tried it).The unfortunate part to this cafe is its early closing hours. They're done at 6pm (F-Sun) or 8pm (M-Thurs), which doesn't help for night-owl studiers. Otherwise, the earthy feel, outdoor spacing, and younger clientele certainly add to Globehopper's allure.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,12/4/2012,136,144,4,6,6>Definitely delicious vegan food.   The place is so large and when we arrived, there was no one there.  The decor is very weird; there's a couch and fake plants at the entrance, and plastic tablecloths on the tables.  Feels more like a cafeteria than a restaurant.After reading the reviews, Ryan C. and I decided to play it safe and ordered spring rolls for an appetizer and the vegan pho for our meal.  The spring rolls were great, with a crispy, flaky wrapping and hot and tasty vegetables stuffed inside.  So hot, it burned the roof of my mouth!  They also provide a selection of 4 sauces to choose from.  Duck sauce all the way!Soon after, we received our bowls of pho and dug in.  Ryan C. was in love, raving about the flavor of the broth, the "meat"balls, the noodles.  At first, we ate it like a soup with a spoon, but soon switched to a fork to eat the noodles easily.  I preferred eating it with a fork, as getting a spoonful of pho broth was not my favorite thing.  I don't know, too much cilantro or something.  The tofu triangles and the "crispy things" in the pho were very tasty.  For sure, the sweet couple who own this place know flavor.And how sweet they are!  Ryan was inquiring about playing a show there and the man was very helpful, telling us details about the space as well as showing us an article about his son, who is also a musician.  It was hard to understand his accent, but we tried.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,12/3/2012,69,336,,8,5>In my quest for real tacos since leaving Chubby's Tacos of Durham behind, I am happy to have found Habenero.  Real tacos made the way they should be - well seasoned meat on a soft corn tortilla dressed with a bit of lime, salsa verde, chopped onion and cilantro.  Its beauty is in its simplicity.  Best of all, I got 3 tacos for $7.  DH said my choice for surprise take-out was a home run.  So we will gladly be back.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,12/2/2012,68,266,5,7,6>For people who think a burger is just a beef patty and cheese, prepare your taste buds for an explosion of flavor combinations and well prepared gourmet burgers! I have been to this place several times in the past few months and this place definitely deserves some praise and noteworthiness.First off, the inside decor is very simple and modern; I would even compare it to the pleasantness of a Chipotle. It just has a very welcoming vibe and it's very open. The first time I came here, I got the Bison Burger.. OMG, this burger tasted amazing, can something taste so unhealthy/delicious/semi-healthy at the same time? The bison patty was so juicy and had great flavor. It may be the BEST burger I have ever had...The next time I went I got "Da BOM" and the name really prepares you for what is to come... another superb burger. Describing this burger really doesn't do it any justice, it just tastes amazing and the onion ring is also pretty darn tasty as well. You really just have to try one of their signature burgers. One of the MOST amazing appetizers I have ever had was their Parmesan fries I got here... JESUSSS... the load up on the fries and the PARMESAN cheese. I loooove cheese. It was so mouth watering. This place definitely deserves five stars. Way better than 5 guys and their creations are definitely higher quality and more inventive. Please go here and enjoy the food-gasm that I experienced both times!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/1/2012,49,116,3,11,3>Extremely pleased with Galley, the newest restaurant in the Stratford Hills area. In the spot of the former Stratford Grill, Galley is the restaurant offspring of Kuba Kuba's Manuel Mendez and Chris DiLaurio of Bacchus. Offerring a diverse menu - there is something here to please everyone. Subs, salads, burgers, pasta, paella - and yes, cuban roast pork and cuban sandwiches. I've been only once- opening night no less, and am extremely pleased. One might expect snafus on the very first (extremely busy)night - but our experience was flawless. Staff were graceful and professional. The atmosphere is warm and lively. Prices are affordable but nothing feels "cheap". I can't wait to return many times.We had - chicken and seafood paella, and fish tacos with a side of onion rings. Both delicious. Paella was flavorful with lots of shrimp and mussels, and a roasted half breast of chicken. Fish tacos had grilled mahi mahi and guacamole with Oaxcan hot sauce, served with black beans and brown rice. If you need more spice on anything, the ubiquitous bottles of beloved Sriracha sauce grace the tables.I wish Galley all the best and can't wait to visit approximately 100,000 more times. We have been in desperate need of  such a place on the Southside - finally, we aren't a dining desert.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,11/30/2012,245,1116,3,7,10>Took a guy to the Richmond Symphony (masterworks) -- hair/nails/makeup done, jewels, princess gown... the works -- and he proposed marriage at the end of the night.  True story.Now, you don't HAVE to do white tie for the symphony anymore.  It's much more accessible these days.  But you SHOULD!  Or at least black tie.What I'm saying to you is the symphony is an experience.  If you have any soul whatsoever, you will be moved.  You will be inspired.  You will be elevated to heights reserved for the divine.I realize that such high culture to most is seen as a luxury, but it's a luxury that we all deserve.  If the masterworks is beyond your grasp, do a pops.  The Richmond Symphony has something for everyone, and they do a good job of programming to meet different interests.  They even have a Lolli"pops" for kids!Go.  You're worth it.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,11/29/2012,6,75,,8,2>Let me tell you a story that I think a lot of women on here have likely experienced. Was in a wedding a year ago. Had to order my dress online going only by measurements without being able to try the dress on. In my 26 years of living this has never faired well for me but I was hopeful! Long story short the dress arrived and the tears flowed! I couldn't believe how terrible the cut/fit was. While I stood in my mothers living room sobbing and whining like a toddler about how terrible I looked my mom called her neighbor who used to own a bridal consignment shop. Her friend recommended Patti P tailors. This is where the sun starts shining and I stop crying. Patti P totally revamped my dress. I mean took a one-shoulder to a strapless, probably cut a good couple feet off the cupcake bottom of the dress. She just made it work!  Patti was awesome to work with and kept her word on how when my dress would be ready. She gives quality service and quality results!Without a doubt, I won't go anywhere but Patti P for all my alternation needs!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,11/28/2012,0,15,2,5,2>I had wanted to cut my hair off for a long time now and I am very pleased I chose Red salon. I set up my appointment with Alison and she was very attentive, friendly, and personable. When I got to the salon, Alison helped me pick out the best color combination for my hair and we set out on picking out a flattering cut. I wanted to go Winona Ryder short and Alison delivered the exact cut I asked for. Besides the excellent service from Alison, the other staff members were friendly and fun; I could tell they all enjoyed being there. I am so pleased with the color, cut, and the atmosphere of the salon, I will definitely be going back and seeing Alison. Great job, Red salon!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,11/27/2012,33,98,,4,3>I was determined to eat in after a weekend of stuffing my face in Florida, however my refrigerator decided that wasn't in the works. Having someone else cook me tacos seemed more alluring than heading to Kroger. I've wanted to try this place out for a while so I headed out to get some takeout, expecting just a little hole in the wall. Tio Pablo however, was much cooler than expected. I got a little Taqueria meets Pirates of the Caribbean line queue, meets old west watering hole vibe.I ordered a 2 taco plate with frijoles charros and rice. At $10 it's a really good deal. I sat and waited for my carryout, but became jealous of the chips and salsa that people dining in were chomping down on. So I quickly switched my order to dine in so I could indulge. The server had no problem with my bait and switch. Add a Mexican coke to the order and I was ready to eat.Wow, the frijoles charros were so unexpectedly delicious. Rich, fatty, salty, and yummy. The best bean dish I've had in a long long time. The rice was really good too. The tacos? I had a pollo con queso taco and a carne asada taco. Both were really good, maybe only behind Habanero's for the best tacos in town.Overall... really good service, really good food, way cool, vibe. I'll be back often!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,11/26/2012,23,48,2,7,2>Citizen was all around a great experience.  You would have no idea it existed if you don't spend a lot of time in the downtown area or if you're not on yelp.  That's why i love yelp, it finds places like Citizen.Parking was a little painful and even finding the place knowing it was there was kind of difficult.  But as others have said it's worth it.  Once you arrive you will be so glad you did and it won't nearly be as painful the next time.Bread was awesome.  Pulled Pork was awesome.  Cumin potatoes were awesome.  Very creative menu that allows you to try some unique dishes and escape the same old same old routine that has become lunch.Walking out after a great meal into the heart of downtown just felt good.Check it out.  You will love it.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,11/25/2012,36,193,2,2,2>We visited on a Monday night, so the restaurant was quiet and the service was wonderful.  They have a small but varied drink selection, and a "try before you buy" wine policy.We started with the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer, which were perfectly crispy, nicely complemented with a horseradish sauce, and cole slaw to cool down your mouth after the horseradish.I ordered the chicken breast, which was honestly probably the most delicious chicken dish I've ever had.  It was tender and juicey, and perfectly complemented by the olive and tomato sauce.  The grits were nothing special, but the creamed spinach with bacon - amazing.  I tend to stay away from creamed spinach due to the fat and calories, but this was definitely worth it.  It came in a reasonable portion size as well.My boyfriend ordered the jalepeno meatloaf.  It sounded strange, but was incredibly delicious.  The heat from the jalepenos was minimized by the gravy, and the most buttery mashed potatoes I've ever had.This was by far one of the best meals I've ever had.  Check my reviews of other places if you need context!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,5/21/2014,4,12,5,7,5>I really enjoy the addition of this simple pub in the fan. The food is semi-German themed: sausages, sauerkraut, red potato salad, cheese plates etc. They use local sausage makers, Billy bread (a personal Fan fan favorite) and other quality ingredients. The food is really delicious and a huge leap up from your typical pub fare. I would describe their draft drink menu which changes frequently as craft beers/ciders. The best part of this pub is that you get quality food and drink with a European flair without any fuss. The people who work there are very good at fully explaining anything on the menu and making excellent suggestions. It's a beer garden type of environment with garage door windows opening up providing an excellent porch feeling when the weather is nice.With all the new bars opening up in the fan, I would like NOT to recommend this place, because I'm planning on making it my new spot. It's a relaxed, local, non-commercial watering hole that offers quality food that's not offered anywhere else.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,5/20/2014,2,18,5,13,6>So it's been about 2 years since my last review and Dot has done fantastic things with Refuge For Men. I wish there was a higher rating available for updates because the new place is leaps and bounds over the last. I have been a loyal client to Dot since early 2012 and it's been great to watch her business grow and come into it's own. I consider her my friend more than my barber...that's the bottom line at RFM. The new location on Main St (across the street from Bombolini's) has it all. Huge open space with high ceilings, modern leather barbershop seats/equipment, brand new pool table, huge flat screen, sport items, grooming products, video games...everything a man would want in a barber. Ask Dot about renting out the space for your next function...it's that big. OH YEAH! There is a Refuge For Men mobile app that can features scheduling, describes services, and assists in payment...all in one. It's professionally done and works flawlessly. Not only is the space updated but the staff has grown to accommodate the massive demand this place is generating. You might have to wait a day or so to see Dot and her "owner's chair/corner" but walk-ins are welcome and can be seen by it's growing staff of licensed barbers. There is somebody for every style and hair-type.  In the last couple years I have only seen amazing talent work at Refuge and can honestly say I haven't seen a bad haircut. Refuge For Men is breaking the mold on men's barbershops and is generating a lot of respect in the RVA business community for what she has been able to accomplish in the last few years. RFM is on the rise. Stop by or make an appointment ASAP. You won't regret it and are going to feel like a million bucks after your visit. I promise.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/19/2014,124,39,6,9,6>Best tacos in Richmond! I have not ventured too far from their taco menu, in all honesty, but the tacos are to die for, so I haven't wanted any thing else. I have been here probably 20+ times, and I will keep coming back. The place is a bit of a "hole in the wall", but I find those kind of places have the best food. The servers and the owners (who cook at the restaurant) are all very friendly. Tacos are usually $2.00-$2.50 a piece, but on Wednesday nights, they have tacos for ONE DOLLAR! It makes my tummy and my wallet happy. They are served with two house-made salsas-- one roja and one verde-- both are amazing. My favorite tacos are the Al Pastor, and the Braised Beef (I forget the name, I think it starts with an "S"). They use delicious hot corn tortillas and they are small sized, so be prepared to order about 4. Oh, and don't forget to wash it all down with a sweet glass of Horchata (a rice milk and cinnamon drink). I just came back from a vacation in Mexico, and the tacos weren't as good as these!! Highly recommend.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/18/2014,83,61,6,12,8>Richmond is so lucky to have a place like this in the heart of the city. The museum not only has a great set of collections that are on year-round exhibit, but it draws special exhibits of international fame, including ancient Egyptian, Chihuly, and artistic mega-stars like Monet and Picasso. At times, VMFA is the only east coast museum to host these exhibits, making it a destination for someone who appreciates art--from the casual "oooh, pretty!" to the super serious, "You can see the influence of the times--look at how he uses a dog as a metaphor!"With free admission to year-round exhibits (but please feel free to donate!) and reasonably priced admission (and membership!) to special exhibits, the VMFA is a great way to spend an afternoon without shelling out too much money.Having gone through a major renovation a few years ago, the bright, easily navigated museum is large, walkable, and beautiful. Whether you're interested in modern art or ancient Roman coinage, you'll find something to love!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,5/17/2014,13,17,5,8,5>Based on my first visit, Curry Craft is now my favorite Indian in Richmond and will likely become a favorite overall.  Service was attentive and efficient. Server effortlessly guided me through the few non gluten-free items on the menu, made recommendations, and advised on heat levels in dishes to assure we would be able to handle what was ordered.  Our group of six ate mostly family style balancing both regular menu items and specials. Flavors were outstanding with distinct spice blends (and levels of heat). There was also plenty to choose from whether vegetarian and/or gluten free (not a surprise at an Indian place but important to know nonetheless).We had two kids and an infant in our party of seven which was no problem given we took the first seating of the evening.  Our kids love spicy food and ate everything we did (not sure if any options exist beyond that).  Be warned that the space is small and fills quickly. Make reservations!We will be back often and I will likely bump CC to five stars should the food and service continue to be as outstanding as they were tonight!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,5/16/2014,5,15,5,8,7>Giving this 4.5 stars. By far some of the best fries I've had in years!! The dipping sauces...I wanted to bathe in them. Yes...that's how great they were. We had the garlic aioli & the jalapeño remoulade. For dinner I had a veggie burger and it was impressive a hearty sized patty with a nice warm whole grain bun.My fiancé had the Original, it looked so good that I HAD to take a bite of that grass fed beef & uncured bacon. It was worth every second! I had a MOA ale, I just know it was so damn good. The ABV was 9.5 and it was worth the $10.00 :) Great dinner & beers! Te place itself was loud because it was a Saturday night...and that was just fine!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/15/2014,392,449,4,7,4>Buz and Ned's is the perfect place to come on a nice day, because you can sit at one of the picnic tables right outside the restaurant! My friend and I ordered a full rack of ribs to split with a side of sweet potato fries and mac and cheese.First off, start with the sweet potato fries. They're so freaking good when they're warm and sprinkled with sugar. The ribs were great, with an awesome smoky flavor. A full rack was enough for two healthy appetites; we even had leftovers! We were pretty pleased with these ribs. The mac and cheese wasn't all that spectacular though.Definitely a big fan of Buz and Ned's!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,5/14/2014,38,37,3,6,5>Pelon's is tucked away in the industrial section where malvern turns into westwood. You'll know the area- because its just about 2 blocks east of Strangeways brewing.  It seems like its tucked away- but its actually pretty close and convenient to most places. Pelon's has a surfer/skater vibe, and while the enormous pictures of waves on the walls seemed out of place for Richmond, i could tell that the intent was to make you feel like you're at a hip taco stand on the beach.The interior is really well done- with a nice long bar, and huge tables, some of which are made out of huge reclaimed industrial spools- great for a crowd.The whole place has a bit of an industrial vibe- lots of clean polished concrete and clean lines- reminiscent of an early Chipotle, but with a skater's touch.The menu was diverse, and the service was helpful and quick. We had 3 tacos, a fish, shrimp and steak, as well as the Grass Hut burrito- a vegetarian one packed with veggies. The Grass Hut fell a little flat- the veggie combo just wasn't quite right, but the tacos were well seasoned and yummy.  They also had plenty of local (to richmond and VA beach) beers, and margaritas.  Overall- lots of fish, meat, veggie and vegan choices- (add 15% for vegan upgrades) as well as desserts and a full bar.  oh and- If you've been looking for breakfast tacos- this is your place! Finally- richmond has breakfast tacos! yay!This place definitely warrants a visit!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,5/13/2014,9,84,6,6,3>Incredibly fast, incredibly delicious and incredibly affordable= FadelifordableSince words could not describe my intense love for the experience I had at Pho So, I had to invent a word that covered the full gamut of awesomeness. It was great from start to finish; walking into a bustling room that offered community and solo seating, a TV playing the football game (on mute), welcoming smiles from the waitstaff and service at sonic speed.I don't go out for Pho that often, so I just ordered one of the items at the top of the menu that offered a ton of ingredients in a bowl. I figured it couldn't hurt to try everything, so I put in a bit of all the sauces at the table as well as most of the fresh veggies that come with the meal. It was hot, spicy, and everything I needed on a cold day in November. I will have to return for this because now I am hooked.Pho So is the best pho I've ever had, fo' sho'.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,5/12/2014,31,101,6,9,6>Today was the day we finally got to try Burger Batch. Whoops, I spelled it wrong. I spelled it the way Burger Bach hopes you pronounce it. It's batch like patch. Just don't tell that to famous German composer Johann Sebastian Bach. I bet the staff is correcting people all day long. In any event, we walked in and were seated right away. The staff was very warm and courteous. My girlfriend ordered the *East Coast* and the waitress, Siai, asked if she wanted cheese on her burger. My girlfriend threw it right back and asked what cheese she would recommend? Without hesitation Siai recommended the brie. Siai couldn't have been more right, the brie perfectly balanced the sweetness of the blueberry chipotle sauce and helped to tame the pungent garlic aioli spread. It's incredibly refreshing to have the staff know the food they serve and what goes well with it.Since this was my first time I wanted to see how they did covering the basics. I ordered *The Original* and made a promise that if they could nail this, they'd win me as a customer and I would return to try the other styles. The burger was delicious. They cook their burgers 'pink' or 'no pink'. I chose pink because I understand food and have culture. Pink is so that you can actually taste it *wink*The hamburger patty is juicy and flavorful. When you use premium grade beef you don't need to be so overly worried about food borne illness. Relax and enjoy yourself.The burger was a steep $11 bucks ($13 for the East Coast).  It felt a little like the Jack Rabbit Slims restaurant scene from Pulp Fiction. You know the scene where Uma Thurman orders a $5 milkshake and John Travolta asks if he could try it. The burgers here are a lot like that. I had to taste what an $11 burger is like. It's a pretty f%&#@ good burger!The fries are another story all together. It seems every burger joint I visit these days is on the same bandwagon regarding fries.  I've heard this style of fry referred to as "Boardwalk fries." They use russet potatoes, slice them with the skin on, and then deep fry them until they are a dark golden brown. Five Guys does it, Marty's grill does it, but Burger Bach mastered it. Everybody else is playing for second place after you try these. They also serve them with a variety of sauces. The garlic aioli is something that has to be experienced. If you're a garlic lover, you're going to have a good time.In closing I'm not sure what else there is to say.  This place serves gourmet burgers at a gourmet price. Is it worth it? Time for you to be the judge.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,7/30/2014,83,61,5,6,5>We need to talk about something very important: PIE.Before you start thinking that hand pies are small, dainty things that couldn't possibly satisfy your hunger, just stop. These are pies for the hungry. These are pies for the people!With a menu that changes daily (and is posted on Facebook--you don't have to be a member of Facebook to find out what's available, either!), you'll find you have a variety of eats, both savory and sweet, to choose from, including vegan, vegetarian, and meatosaurus-rexes. Personal favorites include the pork chile verde, peach pork bbq, butter chicken (OMG, YOU MUST!), and the curry chicken--and that's just savory. For sweet, caramel slice, mallowpuffs, and key lime are amazing. AMAZING!Vegans and veggies are welcome here, with many offerings for these dietarily concerned patrons. Staff is friendly and more than willing to tell you what each pie contains and what the flavors are like. Don't be afraid to ask questions or heck, try something new!You can eat in or you can take it with you and enjoy walking around one of USA Today's "Top 10 Up and Coming Neighborhoods," Church Hill. Enjoying a pie while you wander the neighborhood or while you sit in Patrick Henry Park is simply lovely!If I could improve one thing for Proper Pie Co., it would be to have a functional website, and not just a Facebook account. Yes, Facebook is super easy to update, but I think it could potentially ward off those who go to their site and see there's no sample menu or even anything really about the restaurant. I know a few older people who've decided not to go because they couldn't see a sample menu (they don't have Facebook and don't want to access it, even to read the day's menu.)Proper Pie Co. is simply phenomenal. Enjoy!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,7/29/2014,97,66,1,7,3>I rarely give out 5 stars to any restaurant but hands down Chadar Thai is my favorite and go to Thai restaurant. Not only for myself but also my family.Service - I've gone to this Thai restaurant for about 4 years now and they have never disappointed me. The owners are always usually there to greet me and my family who have now become a regular. They are really welcoming and whenever we ask for suggestions on new dishes we can try, they are always able to point out something we have yet to try. Overall, really friendly and is more than happy to answer any questions you may have.Price - The price is reasonably priced. I think for the portion of food that is being served, the price is totally justifiable. Food - The list goes on and on when it comes to what I order here, so I am not going to even try. But every dish I have had here have always been a hit. Their fish dishes that is catered to more of a family style never has a fishy stench, which in a lot of restaurants that serves whole fish - that's what you'll probably experience. All the typical Thai dishes that you see in any Thai restaurant, that is ordered here is very flavorful and the spiciness level can be adjusted according to your taste. One of my favorite though, would be the Papaya salad - definitely a must try.Overall, I go to the restaurant more than often and the experience is pleasant every time.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,7/28/2014,8,8,3,4,4>My new favorite in RVA... The combination of flavor and textures on each plate is incredible. Be sure to order the deviled eggs... they are perfect combinations of gooey, cheesy goodness wrapped in bacon and deep fried for a light and crunchy exterior - heaven! It's a great spot not only for dinner... Brunch favs include a BLT with fried green tomatoes and the Virginia Benedict. Hats off to the chef!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,7/27/2014,31,101,5,5,6>((((((((( TWO PEPPERONI TO GO!!!!!!!!!!!!)))))) the sonic boom hits you. It's not the sound barrier breaking it's just the order being called out. It's quiet now. You place your order and scoot your butt down the line to the cash register. Cash is always welcome and my preferred method of payment at Jo-Jo's "Famous" Pizza. The crust is thin, the selection is plentiful, and the flavor is dead on. They say it's the closest to New York style pizza in all of Richmond. I've been to New York but I didn't get the chance to try what a real pie should taste like. So, I'll just have to take your word for it.I'm a sucker for the tomato garlic and the broccoli. I always say I'm going to try the sausage but when it comes time to order I blurt out "tomato garlic!" and scoot my butt down the line.What's left to say? They offer affordable great tasting pizza and there is always a line during lunch. In 2008 my lunch crew used to walk all the way from 3rd and Franklin just for a slice. When old colleagues hear that I work next to this place they ask if we can meet for lunch. Jo-Jo's has quite the following. I'm definitely a fan.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,7/26/2014,49,19,3,4,3>Delicious meals at Mama J's Kitchen! Restaurant is in Jackson Ward. Atmosphere is "Welcome home" so the decor fits the motto. The staff is friendly, helpful and smiling. It does get busy here, but for a foodie like myself, patience is never an issue when I'm going to have a meal I know I'll love.As recommended by many, the fried catfish is incredible. It's fried but it's a light fry. The seasoned batter is light but still crispy and the flavor is great. I was blown away, I've never tasted anything like it before. Portion size is great. One catfish will fill you up, but I usually add another as it's only $3 more. Fried chicken is seasoned and fried perfectly. The menu is a la carte. For the sides, I usually get the collard greens. I've tried most of the sides and it's all pretty tasty. **Ask for their sauces on the side, you should get three. I take the hot sauce and at it to my tartar sauce for dipping the catfish.If I can make it to dessert, you can't go wrong with any of Mama J's cakes. As we were told, baked fresh everyday from scratch. The service here is outstanding. Staff are so helpful, fast, caring just like you were eating a meal at your mom's house.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/25/2014,12,16,3,5,3>This place is delicious!  I've been here twice and both times my meal was great.  First time I tried the edemame hummus and the honey srachia (sp?) chicken.  Soooo good.  Next time I had the fried green tomato BLT and a side of grits.  Seriously, get the grits!!!  Don't come here and not get the grits.The outdoor seating looks really nice, I'd like to come back when the weather has turned warm for good.  Plenty of parking, we've had reservations both times so I'd recommend hitting up Open Table prior.The only thing I didn't like was my cocktail - it was a strawberry st. germaine something or other.  Try something else or stick to wine or beer.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/24/2014,33,52,7,7,7>When you leave the place you were born to find your fortune elsewhere, then return 30-some years later, the dividing line between "old" and "new" is quite obvious. Westbury Pharmacy was here when we moved into the neighborhood in 1970. It's not only still here today but thrives as an industrial-strength pharmacy (seriously, there are like 10 or 12 pharmacists and an army of cashiers behind a fortress of cash registers) but also serves as a social spot for mostly senior citizens. There are gifts and chotzkes, a full candy store with all the stuff your Grandmother had, and a large, bustling cafe serving excellent, dependable food at very very reasonable prices.  A full breakfast is $5. Inside the pharmacy is a good size Kosher market with everything from produce to matzoh. And The Mixing Bowl, an unabashedly Southern bakery, fills space that once was part of the Kosher market (again, I've been gone a long time). Visit the bakery for decadent, over the top goodies to take home after your visit. In addition to everything you would usually find in a pharmacy, Westbury has an entire wing devoted to all things medical for your patients at home, from oxygen bottles to an array of medical reclining loungers, again, with a large, friendly and helpful staff to help you find anything you might need. This is "old" Richmond at its best and a welcome place to sit and relax over a quick sandwich while you wait for your prescription to be filled.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/23/2014,0,17,1,5,3>I dined here for dinner.  For my appetizer I got the lobster bisque and it was good. Nothing overly spectacular, but a solid performer.  My entree was the true highlight of the meal.  I got the duck breast and it was marvelous.  It was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.  It was served over spaetzel (sp?) and I was pleased with that pairing.  I ordered a cocktail off the menu the Bee Hive... Bee Sting... something like that.  It was tasty.  I then had bartender prepare a non-menu cocktail, with just the general instruction of "dark liquor, goes well with my rabbit and not scotch." I'm not sure what was in it, but he hit it right on the head.  It had just the right amount of sweet to it and went very well with my meal.  The service was overall pretty good. The servers were attentive and pleasant.  My only critique is that I went in planning to order the rockfish, but had questions about what sort of rockfish they were serving (certain rockfish are not sustainably obtained).  The server clearly did not know that there were different types of rockfish (rockfish is a general label which encompasses various type of bass, snapper and other fish) and instead of answering my question, she described the flavor and texture of the fish which did not address my concern at all.  The silver lining is that it led me to the tasty selection of the duck breast.  I recommend this place.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/22/2014,4,34,3,6,5>Oh my gosh, this place is a hidden gem, right on the VCU campus connector bus route too. Friendly owners and staff, a good variety of equally personable customers, daily specials, lots of veggie and non-gluten options, home-cooked everything, awesome homemade cold drinks...I'm telling everyone I know to come here. I highly recommend trying the house mixed greens, jollof rice, and special curry fried wings on Wednesdays. If you like hot food be sure to grab a couple shakes of the house-made pepper sauce. I also really love the sorrel (hibiscus) cold drink - if you like the agua de jamaica at Latin restaurants you'll love it.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,7/21/2014,15,25,4,7,4>My husband and I drove past this place after visiting Gelati Celesti, which is in the same parking lot. We had already eaten, but being vegetarians who love to eat out, we knew that this place was going to be the next spot that we picked. I was actually sad that I was eating ice cream (and really, who the heck gets sad about eating ice cream?). When we finally made it out, I knew from the moment that we walked in that this would become a favorite spot. The atmosphere is soothing and comfortable, and everyone that works there is friendly and attentive. We went on a Friday evening, and there were about 7 other tables filled at the time, so it was not overcrowded but not empty. Everything was quick too, but super well timed in that we had just finished our soup when getting our meals. The food.... oh the food. The menu is expansive and it was really hard to pick what to eat. Everything pretty much sounded fantastic, but we settled on vegan nuggets for an appetizer and the kung pao soy chicken and the soy beef with broccoli for our meals. Everything was literally delightful, and we ate more than we actually planned and had basically no leftovers. We had the red velvet vegan cake for dessert even with no room, and it was good enough to eat all of it even while stuffed. There are a fair amount of vegetarian restaurants in Richmond, VA now, and a fair amount of vegan options, too. They all need support as they are relatively small, and I hope that you will go out and support them (vegetarian/vegan or not) as they are great for the masses. We really want to see this place stick around for a long, long time. Give them a try-- you won't regret it, and you'll be back for sure.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,10/23/2013,24,15,2,2,2>You like bbq, you live in Richmond, and you haven't been to Alamo? I don't believe you. Alamo is like.. the best.I went for a BBQ Pork sandwich and left with a BBQ platter. For $9 and including 2 meats and 3 sides it can't be beat. The food seems like it is made by different people/recipes but it's always good. Somedays the jalepeno mac and cheese is spicier than others and the potato salad more cilantro-y. The mac and cheese reminds me of stouffers with jalepenos.. good.. but dont expect baked soul food mac and cheese. The brisket sometimes has some fat on it.. but fat is flavor, right? Last time I went I tried the limeade. It was ok... carbonated. I like more of a 'simply limeade' style drink but that is just my preference. The BBQ sauce is great.. reminds me of a sauce my lil bro and I used to make that uses ketchup, honey, and hot sauce. The pulled pork was very tender and flavorful, you can taste the smoke in all of their meats. If you like vinegar flavor in your bbq though you may be a little dissapointed  (although I do and still enjoy Alamo!).I've never had the burrito but a friend of mine has and it was very nicely sized.I wanna try their "philly cheesteak" made with your choice of BBQ. YUM!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,10/22/2013,21,31,2,5,2>I went with a girlfriend that's a regular and enjoyed my food.  The grits and crab cakes were amazing!  The crab cake appetizer had a delicious sauce that I wish they would serve with everything.  My son loves the burgers and my daughter seems to always find a great vegetarian option.  On a Sunday morning my bf and I went for brunch and were pleasantly surprised!  I selected the seafood omelet and wasn't let down at all.  There wasn't a bite that didn't have some delicious seafood morsel and he said that his Bananas Foster French Toast was amazing (I don't like bananas or I would have verified with a tiny bite)!It's out of the way, full of regulars and homey...if you make it to the Southside it's worth a visit.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,10/21/2013,9,84,3,6,3>This place makes me love the cake doughnut.I have had my fair share of doughnuts in my day, but this one takes the cake. I used to be a yeast doughnut fan and now, I favor the wonderful treats that sweeten up my day. This is the place to get your morning sugar fix.The selections are endless and for a $1 a piece, you can't go wrong. My favorite is the tiramisu and cappuncino chocolate doughnut, but there are many others I can't get enough of such as the vanilla frosting with sprinkles and the french toast doughnuts. They are prepared so perfectly that I want to set them in polyurethane and place them on a shelf to set me motion to go get more. They are never dry and require loads of water to get them down, nor are they super filling. They are the glorious tiny masterpieces of culinary confection.I tell you to heed the word of a sugar fiend; get them all and try not to swallow them whole.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,10/20/2013,2,15,2,5,4>Pepe's is awesome. When I walked in the door and saw Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta on the wall with a gun pointing and saying "Eat your tacos", I knew I was in the right place. Needless to say, the decor is innovative and fresh. Not your standard cheesetastic, touristy parrots and sombreros. The staff is friendly and energetic. The food is amazing. Richmond was certainly lacking in the quality mexican cuisine department until Pepe's came around. I don't know about you guys, but after traveling to Mexico twice, coming home to wannabes like Mexico Restaurant and El Paso was something I just couldn't stomach. Pun intended. Anyways, my favorite thing on the Pepe's menu is the fish tacos. I recently tried the vegetarian burrito, and ever since, I can't get it out of my mind! It was that good! My boyfriend and I just knew that a vegetarian had to have come up with the recipe because it was so much more than just grilled veggies and cheese wrapped up in a tortilla. It was a culinary masterpiece! We asked one of the owners, and he confessed that it was a good vegetarian friend of his who operates a food truck that shared his burrito concoction with them. Pepe's changes up the menu every couple of months to try new things. Give Pepe's a try! You won't be disappointed. =)
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,10/19/2013,42,7,2,5,2>I have been to this theater numerous times and I find it absolutely enchanting!$2 tickets to see fairly recent movies, $4 for a large popcorn topped with butter (if you so desire) and $2.50 for assorted candy! The architecture is classic and very pleasing to the eye! Due to the low funding the seats are worn, the place is not as well kept as expected and the audience can be quite rowdy at times. However, this does not deter me from going to see a movie here the least bit! This theater is so unique to Richmond that it's worth the trip. So, even if you have a particular way that you like things to go during the movies you should at least give it a try. Hopefully it will be an unforgettably wonderful cinematic experience!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,10/18/2013,3130,648,3,4,3>I went to Anokha Cuisine of India for dinner during the week. This was my first time ever eating Indian food. I wanted to try something different than the food I normally eat. We were seated immediately after arriving at the restaurant. Once you're seated, your waiter brings plain naan and 3 sauces to your table. The naan came out warm. I thought the sauces had interesting flavors. As an appetizer, I chose the paneer. The cheese comes in a dark sauce. It was surprising to me because the paneer was very flavorful and tasty (right amount of spice).I decided to try the most popular dish, chicken tikka masala (mild) for my entree. The chicken tikka masala comes with rice and plain or garlic naan. There's an up charge for the garlic naan.The garlic naan complimented the chicken tikka masala very well. My chicken tikka masala had a unique taste which I enjoyed. I can see why the chicken tikka is popular. The hidden gem was the mango lassi drink. I enjoyed every sip of the mango lassi (delicious).The service was average (different waiters helped with all tables). Anokha has a nice ambience. I don't know how Anokha stacks up against other Indian restaurants in the area. Anokha is located in a small strip mall across from Short Pump Town Center. Anokha Cuisine of India is a good choice for India food.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,10/17/2013,84,184,4,3,4>Watching a Squirrels game is an enjoyable way to spend a summer evening without breaking the bank.- By 7:30 pm, the whole stadium is in the shade and the temperature is just right. - Tickets are around 10 dollars and even the mezzanine is very close to the field (arguably a better view than the first floor.) - As with any baseball game, there are moments of tension and excitement. - Since you don't know any of the players, the focus is less on the game and more on the fun time.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,10/16/2013,46,109,3,3,3>Recently, I agreed with another reviewer that said if you are truly to judge a sushi place, stick with the basics and see if they distinguish themselves.  The special rolls, while good for pictures, don't always make a difference unless you are trying to impress a date with how much money you can spend.  So with that in mind, I must say that Hanami does a terrific job with the basic sushi derivatives as well as their higher priced "artistic" creations.  After I watched "Jiro Dreams Of Sushi" (just view the trailer to see how seriously sushi is taken in Japan) and really got an appreciation for this craft and it's centuries-old tradition, I really tried to get inside the head, mind, and stomach of who makes this stuff.  What are they most proud of? What sets them apart from the other restaurants that serve this?  If you ask a waiter or waitress, they'll tell you.  They will also tell you what is fresh, what is best suited to your palate and what, on that day, you may want to avoid.  For them, there is no honor in pushing the slow-moving stuff.  Hanami came closest so far in Richmond to what I experienced in Japan, even at a "chain" sushi restaurant in the Shibuya section of town, it's really like a familial atmosphere, where fish is eaten one piece at a time, and when a cooler came in with fresh fish, there was no doubt that you needed to order another round of tuna rolls, right then and there.  I believe that to be true about most of the decent places I have eaten sushi, the proof is in the ingredients and the care the creators take.  In the food at Hanami, you taste the care and feel satisfied that this chef and his understudies understand what is necessary to make his food stand above the rest.To the other things we got, appetizers like the shrimp shumai and tempura were also delicious, as well as the special Kani Miso soup with crab.  So, foodies dragging kids and the less adventurous shouldn't fear.  But, for those looking for the real deal, and can't get to Ginza Station in Tokyo and spend upwards of 500 dollars for a seat in his train station restaurant, happily, there is Hanami.  Enjoy!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,10/15/2013,31,303,2,3,3>What a great find, thanks for Brian C.!  Atmosphere is more cafeteria than restaurant, but that's not the reason to visit Pho So 1.  We each had a vermicelli noodle bowl, one with grilled chicken, the other with grilled pork and an egg roll, and an order of shrimp and pork fresh spring rolls (which I'll just say were the best I've ever had).  The first thing I was struck by was the sheer size of the noodle bowls.  They had larger portions than I've seen at any other similarly billed restaurant, by a long shot.  Then there's the meat, which was surprisingly both high quality and well prepared.  Lastly, the plethora of condiments to individualize your bowl.  At less than $8 per bowl, you can't go wrong.  Next time: Pho!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/14/2013,7,31,,5,4>Yum, Yum, Yum!Live down the block. Belmont is a staple in our home.  The pizza is fantastic.  Fast in delivery and take out.  I recommend getting fresh garlic on the pie.  We have tried salads and sandwiches too.  Again, great food.  However, the pizza is above great! The guys at the counter are always so friendly.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,11/22/2013,93,171,5,4,5>Tom Leonards is ripe and delicious.  Some genius decided to make this more than produce stand 1 long aisle that wraps around the store so you can't miss anything.  There was an abundance of fresh produce, meat, a decent selection of wine and other beverages.  This far surpasses the quality I get at my local grocery store at much lower prices.The cons?  When an item says it's 2 for a price, you actually have to purchase 2 - a mistake I hope to only make once.  Also, the cashier was yelling across the store at an employee (I assume) on their way out.  She wanted to make sure he knew that she was "still heated".  The customer service could definitely use a facelift.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,11/21/2013,6,34,,3,2>This was the second store that I had an appointment at to look at bridal gowns. When I walked in I was greeted nicely and since I was early I could look at bridesmaid dresses while I waited for my appointment. When it was time for my appointment I was taken back into a room with a big sofa with just bridal gowns. The consultant asked me exactly what I was looking for and my budget. I showed her my pictures and after trying on dresses I narrowed it down to two. I was treated wonderfully and they were very knowledgeable. I found the wedding dress of my dreams and plan to go back with my bridesmaids to look for their dresses and to look for a veil for my dress.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,11/20/2013,8,63,2,5,3>Very cool space, unlike anything else in Richmond.  We ate upstairs, but the bar area looked neat and inviting, too.We came for dinner on a Friday evening and were able to get a reservation a day in advance.They have a great Belgian beer list on draft, and though it's a little expensive and I'm not the biggest Belgian fan, it's still very impressive.The menu is somewhat similar to Can Can in price and options.  We started with escargot, which was buttery and garlicy and great with the bread.  I had  tile fish, my wife and mom had stews with beef, potatoes, sausage, white beans, etc.I would say the food is as good if not better than Can Can and the service is much more warm and friendly.We had a Belgian chocolate creme brulee for dessert and it was excellent.All around good experience and we are going to try it again for drinks at the bar.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,11/19/2013,149,84,2,2,2>When it comes to soups and sammies, Baker's Crust is awesome! I have had some of their dinner dishes, and while they are not bad, they are nowhere near as good as their soups and sammies. My favorite go-to is their roasted tomato and mozzarella panini. It is absolutely delicious! I love to dip it in my tomato soup as well. While I'm mentioning the tomato soup, let me just start by saying, that it is AMAZING! I have had it every single time that I've gone to Bakers Crust, and I always will. I cannot go there and not get it. Try it, and you'll love it! It's one of the few guarantees I can make ;-) They also have some really great desserts. Had a bunch, but my two favorites are the crepe noisette and the choco chip cookie sundae. You can't go wrong with either one of those. I have been going here since I was a teenager, and I have had many a great meal here...I will definitely continue to be a loyal patron!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,11/18/2013,136,144,2,3,2>After reading the Yelp email update of recently opened restaurants, you cannot imagine my excitement at learning that the Boka taco truck now had a brick-&-mortar location.  Every time I've had one of their tacos it's been mouth-wateringly, lick-the-paper-it-came-in delicious, most recently at the Strange's Dog Days event this past February.  I had just moved to a different area of Richmond, from Northside to the West End, and the Boka Kantina turned out to be 5 minutes away from my new apartment. Score! The place itself is very unassuming, with a smattering of tables and chairs and a small counter where a cashier stands to take your order.  To the right of him is a huge chalkboard with the whole menu written out, and we're told that ingredients and prices are most recent on the chalkboard.The Mac & Cheese varieties were tempting, but that day we came for the tacos! My boyfriend couldn't decide so he ordered the Gauntlet, all 3 tacos with all 3 styles -- beef Asian style, chicken Mexican style and pork American style.  I add on the grilled fish taco from the specialty menu once I realize it includes watermelon.  Soda cans are available but they're warm so you're also handed a cup of ice.We split the tacos, 2 and 2, and I get the grilled fish taco and the Mexican taco.  I chose the Mexican taco because I wanted to taste the chipotle crema, but I found the chicken was a little on the dry side. When I did taste the sauce, it was delicious, but the whole taco could've used more of it.  Now the fish taco had plenty of sauce, and it was delectable. Paper plate licking commenced!  The fish itself seemed to be lacking flavor though. I remember wishing for some citrus.  My boyfriend loved his American and Asian tacos, so maybe my expectations were really high...though I did wish I'd grabbed the American taco--sherry slaw and barbecue sauce? Yum yum!In the end, I cleaned my plate and will definitely be coming back.  My goal is to try everything on that crazy menu.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,11/17/2013,23,48,3,6,3>Two words.  Cake. Shake.  It's literally a milk shake with pieces of cake in it!!!  And if that's not crazy enough, they give you a HUGE piece of cake on the side to go with your cake shake.  The salted caramel cake shake is where it's at.  Try It.This is the best dessert in Richmond and the portions are extremely generous which make the prices reasonable.  Every time I have been to Shyndigz we have had to cart leftovers home.Only negative, is that they are too popular because they are so good!  Hard to get a table unless it's late and they run out of to go cups when you go late.  It's worth the wait though, trust me.  If you have visitors from out of town who want to go someplace cool in Richmond, take them here.  Always impresses.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,11/16/2013,69,69,2,3,2>We made it in the door at 5:20pm. I hate being "those people" that show up right before a place is about to close, but the staff were totally cool with it. A couple in front of us were picking up a huge cake order too! Phew, felt less like a jerk then haha.After extensive inner turmoil over flavor choice, I ordered a chocolate macaron with vanilla and a chocolate cupcake with raspberry buttercream. The two together were only a little over $5!!! Definitely fairly priced. I'm used to nice cupcakes like these costing $5 just by itself, shoot. Macarons were $2 each, and they are definitely bigger than the average size. Honestly I was gonna just give this place a 4, but the pricing pushed it to 5 stars.Macarons surprised me with how good they were! Best chewy texture I've had outside of the high-end macaron bakeries. I wish we'd gotten there earlier... can only imagine the variety of flavors they'd have! The cupcake was also super good. I didn't eat it till later at night, but the cupcake was still super moist even after sitting in a fridge for a bit. Must've been amazing freshly made @_@ The raspberry icing was a good complement - too sweet by itself, but perfect paired with the chocolately cupcake. Also had just a light tinge of raspberry flavoring. Yum! I would get this again. (Good news - it was also vegan!)Parking is street only, but we had no trouble finding a spot almost right in front. Bonus: starbucks nearly right next to it! Breakfast and coffee - yay!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,11/15/2013,53,137,2,3,2>I give this place 5 stars because the bar is literally a wall of whiskey.  We went there after a show at the National, so it was too late for food, but the drink selection is crazy huge.  For the non-whiskey drinker, they have plenty of beer and other cocktails to choose from.  Typical bar prices, and a nice, quiet atmosphere in which to enjoy your beverage.  The bartenders and wait-staff are also very knowledgable on their product, so don't hesitate to ask questions.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/14/2013,279,214,,5,4>Henricus was the second English settlement in the new world, I truly enjoyed myself. It's really much nicer than what I expected. The actors are very knowledgeable in their 17th century dress. Originally there were 300 troops that had established the settlement. One of the most surprising facts has to do w/ the lack of artifacts found thru the digging. This is well put together. It's an English settlement and an Indian village outside the settlement. Walking the grounds is a nice stroll. You'll find goats pigs and chickens along w/ vegetable gardens, tobacco and corn. If you have the opportunity to speak w/ one of the archeologists or actors you'll have a treat asking questions. If you're a Richmonder, I would go! That's after you've been to Jamestown. But, this may be better for a young child than Jamestown.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,11/13/2013,13,12,2,3,2>Asian fusion that features traditional Asian items with a slight twist (for example, Kung Pao chicken that isn't swimming in a heavy sauce) or different entrees, such as chicken cutlet.  A but on the expensive side, but there are some good specials:Mon.-Tues. dinner: 1 shared appetizer, 2 soups, 2 entrees for $20Weds. dinner: half-price sushiThurs. all day: half-price appetizersSunday there is an all-you-can-eat buffet for $12.95 for adultsSetting is nice and tranquil but when crowded, the noise level can be a bit high.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,10/13/2013,238,135,3,3,4>Greasy, filling food for cheap. $5-$6 for a large-sized meal if you're ordering amongst the specials plastered on the wall (fried chicken, wings, gizzards, and a variety of other fried fare). This place is a hungry college student's dream!I considered giving this spot only 3 stars, but thinking of the good times I've had here with my friends scarfing down 2 piece chickens with fried rice, I had to bump it up just for that. Very characteristic restaurant; it's on one of the corners of Carytown with yellow walls inside.Despite some items on the menu, I wouldn't call this "fast-food"; the place can get packed, and food like frying chicken is a lengthy process so it takes a while. But it's worth it when you get to finally eat. They are famous for their fried chicken and fried rice meals (which, make me feel significantly slower after eating. FOOD COMA.), but if you're not trying to take a nap after grubbing, go for the subs. Yes, subs! A lot of people haven't tried the steak and cheese here (I don't blame 'em, what an unusual choice at a Chinese place) but the Eatery makes a MEAN steak and cheese sub. Lots of meat piled with onions and cheese on a super soft bun. I am drooling thinking about it...Other dishes like shrimp with lobster sauce, General Tso's chicken, Orange chicken, Sesame chicken, aka: the usual Chinese take-out fare is awesome as well. So whatever you're craving (as long as it's not super-healthy), the Eatery has got you on price and taste! Noms!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,10/12/2013,268,143,4,4,3>Created my own burger:-Portabella mushroom cap-Aged Swiss-Avocado -Classic Egg Bun-Sauteed Onions  (this would be kickass if it was caramelized onions!)-MayoThoughts? Super Juicy (a bit too juicy? My burger was a hot mess within the first bite) Not the most flattering item to devour but it was succulent. Parmesan fries = Mcdonalds fries + Parmesan cheese. (er...I don't know how I feel about it but i kinda wanna order it again.)
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,10/11/2013,26,54,1,6,2>I just moved and this restaurant is literally the  closet eatery to my house. I tried it based on location alone and HOLY COW did I hit the jackpot. Everything was great. From the amazing service, to the loungey booths and the aaamazing food, I will return SOON. From the beginning I was digging the vibe. They have these awesome glass chandeliers that ooze class and the seating really fosters a sense of comfort and relaxation.  We ordered the edamame hummus served with cucumbers and pita to start and it was phenom. It was creamy and delicious and my boyfriend and I essentially licked the plate clean. For the entree I ordered the crab cake pita with a side salad. This was a dish that had potential to be blah, but was anything but. The side salad was completely legit. It was HUGE, fresh and delicious. It was loaded with veggies and the most delicious homemade croutons. The best part was the raspberry ranch dressing that completely took it over the top. I don't expect much from a side salad, but this totally wowed. As for the crab pita it had tons of crab served on a warm pita with a delicious spicy Cajun sauce. It was perfect. My boyfriend ordered the turkey burger and said he couldn't wait to come back. I want to try lots of other things on the menu, but what really impressed me was they have a fit450 menu, where they have lots of items that are under 450 calories. I admire a restaurant that prides themselves in fresh, healthy items and I can't wait to go back and try the other offerings. Well done mosaic! Well done!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/10/2013,22,146,3,5,3>I think the idea of having rotisserie chicken for dinner is just about as boring as it gets, so when my fiance said he was bringing home Chicken Fiesta for dinner, I was only excited about the fact that I didn't have to cook.To my surprise, he brought home two steak burritos. And an empty paper bag since he ate all the yucca fries on the way home... I guess they were good. Anyway, the burritos were the best ones I've ever had anywhere! Really. Even better than Chipotle! A bit smaller, but still just as filling. It was amazingggg. They use ribeye steak! And it's served with this super spicy green sauce on the side that, when used sparingly, is just the perfect accompaniment. I kind of want one right now.We had ours to go, but inside is a very comfortable, no-frills, and no wait-service dining area that's always clean and would make for a comfortable meal inside.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,10/9/2013,33,73,2,5,3>For a night out with friends, I've really enjoyed Uptown Alley!  The food prices aren't astronomical and while the things I've eaten have been typical bar food, it was good bar food.  If you happen to go on a weekday night before 7pm, they have some pretty good happy hour specials.  There margherita pizza was pretty darn good.  The crust was garlicky and the portion was good.  And only $5 during happy hour!  There nachos and cheddar bacon fries were what you'd typically get, but a great price. Our server was pretty attentive and would bring multiple soft drinks for us.  I don't know if it's because he was lazy or just knew we'd want them, but it worked!On weekend nights they have a deal where you can bowl for $35 for the whole lane for 2 hours.  We did the math, and for two couples, we would have been better off buying a single lane fee.  If you're a serious bowler and get a lot of strikes, it might be worth, but experts my friends and I are not.  Also, if you're going on a weekend, be sure you pay attention to the time you're going.  After 8pm there's usually a cover charge to get upstairs to the 21+ section!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,10/8/2013,71,47,2,2,3>Last week DH and I came here for the Crab and Rose dinner.  Super fantastic and a huge value at 3 courses with wine (generous pours, not just a tasting) for $38.Tip: go to their website right now and sign up for the mailing list. YES! GO NOW! I'll wait.  Back?  You'll thank me now when I tell you that they first announce the mini wine dinners via email which will give you the chance to get a reservation at decent time (7-7:30) instead of reading about it in the paper and choosing between a 5 or 9 slot because that's all they have left.When we go to Acacia, we always start with one of the craft cocktails.  They change often, but there is usually always something with Bourbon.  This visit was no different.  Then we got into the wine dinner, 3 crab packed courses included a crab and pineapple salad, a tempura softshell and either crab pasta or a lobster and crab cake. Guess which entree I had?  That's right - the one with the LOBSTER!  You guys know me so well.The crab and pineapple was not a combination I would've ever put together but the flavors were delicious.  The Rose pairing was spot on as well.  Dry and crisp and most importantly for this girl, not sweet.   I am a sucker for a softshell (in fact, we were just at Acacia a few weeks prior at the start of softshell season) and the tempura version did not disappoint.  However, the lobster and crab cake was the star of my night.  All meat, no filler and you could see the lobster studded throughout the crab.  Just perfect.Acacia also puts together a mean cheese plate.  I am a huge blue cheese fan and the Humbolt was on point.  You get 4 nice sized pieces of cheese w/the typical accompaniments for $8.  Another huge value in my opinion.Acacia is at the top of my "take out of towners to dinner" places and after last week, it will remain there.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,10/7/2013,86,78,2,3,5>Ever had a cupcake and think "hmmm this would be double awesome if it were frosted upside down" well that's pretty much what happens with the delicious bites of heaven at this wonderful RVA secret. Ever think to yourself "man I really wish I had some AWESOME potato salad"? Well then Sally Bell's is the place for you. Ever think "packing my lunch truly isn't fun anymore although I suppose it's the grown up thing to do but I really don't wanna do it"? Get you a boxed lunch from SBK. You will not be disappointed. Nothing but love for this wonderful little tucked away nugget.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/6/2013,61,189,4,13,6>I've been ordering pizza from Ricardo's for a several years now. It's sometimes on my way home from the office and is an easy stop on Robious.   They used to deliver to my house but just tightened their radius one day a few years back, leaving me with no good delivery pizza. I was sad though I recognize it was a business decision...can't fault a small business for trying to cut expenses. I'd prefer they reduce their delivery range than cut back on ingredient quality or quantity. Anyway, I usually order their regular pizza because it's the quickest to get. I can order it as soon as I get onto Hwy 288 and it's ready by the time I get there. They also make a very good deep dish/pan pizza but I have to order that one as I'm leaving the office if I don't want to wait.  Good crust, good ingredients, good pizza and always friendly! Just so you know, they are a take-out/delivery pizza place and don't offer seating, but don't let that stop you from enjoying their pizza.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,10/5/2013,15,205,2,2,2>Went here for a graduation lunch for my brother and I can happily say the food and cocktails were delicious and the atmosphere is most pleasant. As a party of five, we managed to plow through the followingHouse pimento cheese- splendid, needs to be served with extra crackers but is great for sharing around a tableProsciutto, Manchego and Roasted Red Pepper Baguette- we had them slice this into pieces for us all to share as an appetizer, it was delectable, but the vinagrette makes the sammich a bit drippy, extra napkins are necessarySpinach Rockefeller Bisque and Potato soup of the day- fabulous, creamy, properly hot, well worth it, particularly the spinach bisqueIndochine Pot Sticker Salad- as per usual, grandmother completely ignored the actual -salad- that came with this, but she loved the potstickers and I ate the greens, the dressing is interestingMussels and Frites with Lemon Aioli- lovely mussels, though they were a touch small? My sister holds everything to the standard of seafood she got used to in Monterey, however, which is a tad unfair. Very good with plain baguette to sop up the brothShrimp Creole over Green Chili Cheddar Grits- Suffice to say that my brother didn't get to eat as much of this as he wanted because we kept stealing forkfuls. It's that sort of familyCrispy Chicken Cutlet over Spaghetti Squash- more sophisticated than it sounds? and quite tasty from the bite I snaggedGrilled Petite Bistro Steak with Red Chimichurri Sauce- cooked to order, so mine was borderline bloody, which makes me happy. The sauce was well balanced, and the fries quite good.Molten Chocolate Cake- grandmother wanted chocolate and this provided in spades, the dessert name always reminds me of chain restaurants, but done well it's a treatLemon Butter Cake- It was... just get one. Just go and order it.The only real snag with the whole meal was just... puzzling. The waitstaff was attentive and obliging but there was... a disconnect of sorts, I suppose. In a meal that took over two hours I think we got refills on water once. When we'd gotten halfway through the pimento cheese and nearly out of crackers, our waiter said he'd get us more... and then didn't. I had to ask a second gentleman for them and then it took a while, though the restaurant wasn't terribly full. The mussels, which are supposed to come with fries... didn't? We suspect it might be because we requested some bread to go with them, but it wasn't a substitute and the waiter never -asked- just... they never materialized. We didn't -ask- after them because there was plenty of food and no one wanted more, but it was strange. We'd go back, and happily, but hopefully the gentleman will be back on their game next time.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/4/2013,119,447,,5,4>I really love coming here. It doesn't matter if you come in the winter or the spring, there is always something to see or do. The admission price is well worth the time that you will spend here.The grounds are always kept so well. It's very easy to spend a day here on a leisurely walk, the flow of the paths is very natural and easy to follow. A great place to spend the day outdoors, with family (even little ones), or a date.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,3/2/2014,51,183,2,5,4>I tasted a couple of Blue Bee's ciders at a recent event and was immediately surprised by how complex they were. These ciders are more like wine - sparkling wine at that. We took some family to visit their tasting room over the holidays, a small location near Legend's Brewing. There was a small counter for tasting, a few seats, and shelves filled with their cider inventory but not much else. They had five ciders to taste that day and we purchased a bottle of each (except for the after-dinner style as it was a bit too sweet and strong for my taste). Our guests also bought a bottle of each cider. The person conducting our tasting was friendly and knowledgeable. The atmosphere while sparse is cozy. I hope to see this place do well, maybe add some more seating , especially outdoors when the weather warms. Either way, I plan to always have a couple of bottles of Blue Bee Cider on my shelf. This stuff is so good!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/1/2014,84,184,5,9,8>A feast for our tastebudsFrom the outside, Tarrant's looks about as big as a shoebox. Inside, you see the depth of the dining rooms in length and in history. The same could be said about the food. The chicken and waffles caught my eye. When it came, it was shockingly simple. A leg and thigh sat on top of a large beige waffle with green beans and syrup to the side. No frills, but you would be deceived to think it wasn't deep below the surface.The chicken tasted like meat, not a secret recipe. I could have as easily come from Mama's kitchen as Tarrant's. I was reminded of just how little help chicken thighs need to be juicy, tender, flavorful. I remember throwing chicken thighs skin down into a hot pan and waiting for all the oil to render. By the end, the chicken was swimming in fat, delicious fat. Tarrant's demonstrates how brilliant dishes can be when done the right way as opposed to the fancy way. They chose dark meat, bone-in, not chicken tenders like at Heritage. They chose to make green beans tasty, sautéed until they start to crinkle. They chose to use a plain waffle, fluffy like a biscuit (although, I would have liked a crisper waffle). They made a dish for our tastebuds instead of our eyes. And instead of fighting the ingredients, the chef elevated them to make food that tastes like food. My tastebuds greatly appreciates that. Ambiance and Service 5Food 5Value 5PS: I totally forgot about the cinnamon buns. Rich, fluffy, iced in sugar. Can't go wrong.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/28/2014,1,10,3,7,4>Wow, what a great experience!  Our family ended up here quite by chance.  Our daughter had a Spanish class assignment to eat some authentic food.  The teacher listed several spots in Richmond.  When we arrived at the one we initially picked (yes, it had a coupon), it was closed for renovations.  Our next choice was Kuba Kuba because ratings were good, and it was only a mile away from our failed attempt.Our server, Amanda was great.  Very friendly, attentive and knowledgable.  They were serving Brunch at the time.  My wife played it safe with a Cheese Omelet and lemonade with seltzer.  I had the Kubanaso - tasty mix of pork, spicy sausage and pickle.  One daughter had the Chorizo Swiss Sandwich which tasted almost like mine.  Our other daughter had the Huevos Rancheros.  It was probably the most flavorful of our meals, especially the cheese and beans.  Some of our meals included the fried plantains, our first time trying them.  Very interesting, kind of a cross between potatoes and bananas.  All portions were generous, especially given the reasonable prices.  We are looking forward to reheating the leftovers for dinner tonight.We finished the meal with their Tres Leches cake because so many reviews recommended it.  We were not disappointed.  It tasted like a fine moist wedding cake (which they also sell).  They had a chocolate version made with cocoa in the batter, but we stuck with the traditional recipe with no regrets.In summary, great choice, good aromas and tastes, good value, easy to get to (some challenges parking), and we'll be back for the $19.95 dinner specials!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/27/2014,54,12,3,8,4>We tried Mama J's for the first time tonight after hearing great reviews from friends and family.  We got there a little after six and were seated promptly.  It's a small space but very homey feeling. Our server, Jamal, was very friendly and attentive the whole evening. I ordered the fried chicken with mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, and corn muffin. The chicken was delicious- crispy, moist and just enough flavor. The mashed potatoes and mac and cheese were a bit bland for me - I had to add salt and pepper to both and both sides were barely warm when it came out.  My friend had the collard greens which, I think,  was the best side dish on the table.  We ordered a peach cobbler for dessert and that was amazing. Sweet without being overpowering. Overall, it was a great first time and would definitely go again. Pros: great service,  fried chicken was delicious,  collard greens and dessert is a mustCons: food took a long time (15+ mins for an empty restaurant), mac and cheese/mashed potatoes were bland
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/26/2014,69,69,3,9,4>Disclaimer: this review is based off one simple repair. Will update in the future should the occasion arise!I needed a pretty simple stitching job done on one of my Sperry's. (My cat somehow chewed through the stitching enough that it broke at a corner connecting the body of the shoe.) I stopped in yesterday to inquire a price and time estimate and was told no more than $5 and same day pick-up.Went back today with the shoe and was told it'd just take 10 minutes. Dropped off the shoe, went to go grab Starbucks and buy bread, went back 15 min later. Shoe was ready, stitching perfectly matched the original stitch job, couldn't tell it ever came apart. Paid $5 and doneskies.I'll be sure to come back here if I have any shoes in need of repair in the future. We'll see how they handle a tougher job!Note: This shop is actually located in that inner corridor area of the Village plaza (where you see Starbucks if you're on Three Chopt) so I would park in the back lot to minimize walking. Don't be alarmed if you don't see it from the street! I was confused at first by this.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,2/25/2014,31,303,2,5,3>Spectacular new place in the heart of the Fan. I never got the chance to visit the bar that used to be housed in this location, but this new incarnation sounds to be a far step forward. Phenomenal beer selection representing the best of both local and national microbreweries, and broad enough to cater to any beer lovers palate. And the food is equally impressive. Think understated gourmet cooking without the pretentious presentations. Absolutely have to try the pickled vegetable board; mind blowingly good.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,2/24/2014,38,176,3,7,8>Country Style Doughnuts you keep teasing me....My first visit was on a Monday during a trip back from Williamsburg....Dang, you are closed on Mondays (should have checked Yelp, sigh).  My second visit was during the dinner hour and I learned you are usually picked clean by this time of day (it is your slow time).  Note: the guy working said you can always call ahead to check their stock and also shared they really stock back up in the early morning hours.  During my visit there was one bin of peanut covered glazed doughnuts still looking for a home.  I did what any good person would have done, and tried one.  It was AWESOME, and I say this not really being a fan of peanut covered doughnuts.  So, what does this tell me?  That your doughnuts must be incredible!  And that I must return when you have full stock.  So, the stories must be true...you have some of the best doughnuts in Richmond.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,2/23/2014,268,143,6,15,12>Ordered delivery. Yup. It's New York style pizza!- Garlic bread wasn't that great, more so sopped up with oil.- Cheese pizza reminded me very much of New York, although the cheese wasn't as greasy or gooey...it's the best i'll get in this area.- Margherita pizza was delicious, loved the sauce. However I do agree with some reviews that the mozzarella would taste better if it were to be in the oven a tad bit longer. Only problem is that the crust is already baked to death...any longer it would break like glass!How about leftover pizza? Sadly, some Yelpers were right when mentioning that the crust can only get worse from reheating, it's so dry ;(If only they could fix that balance...Overall, good place for a slice of pizza. I will certainly order again...just avoid eating "next day" crust.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,2/22/2014,22,146,2,6,5>A friend and I popped in for happy hour for our first time visit. The graffiti'd Tio Pablo sign on the outside already clued me in that this place was going to be funky and eclectic and the interior did not disappoint. It's a smaller spot, but they make great use of the space by having bar-style seating across both walls and a long, single table down the middle of the room. It's a great representation of a modern taqueria. There were discounted drink specials for happy hour, but no food specials. I had a Jamaica (hibiscus flavor) agua fresca drink with vodka. It was very unique, delicious, and super cheap for happy hour. My friend had the margarita on the rocks, she said it was good. She ordered chips with salsa, and the salsa that was included was a very spicy pico de gallo which I prefer on tacos, not chips. I had to ask for salsa verde, and that was excellent, not to mention unlimited.The tacos were the best ones I've had in a while. I ordered the taco plate (2 tacos and 2 sides) and got one al pastor and one carne asada. The meat was so tender and super flavorful, and the corn tortillas were perfect. I think they left out the pineapple that should have been on my taco al pastor, but no big deal. The frijoles charros (beans with bacon) were so flavorful and a great choice. My friend ordered the tostadas and those looked delicious as well. Authenticity abounds here. The only reason I didn't give them that extra star is because the portions are small. I didn't leave feeling full. And I brought my husband home a taco plate as well, and he was underwhelmed because of how little food there was. The taco plate is a good lunch size, but if you're really hungry 2 tacos is not enough. Next time, we will definitely order more. And there will absolutely be a next time.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,2/21/2014,314,746,2,6,4>Ummm. Hi. I love this place! I came here for brunch and the staff was so nice and friendly. The were happy & funny & showing pictures of their dogs. I had a delicious mimosa while we were waiting to be seated, and let me tell ya...just a tiny bit of OJ in that giant glass. It's probably a good thing we had to wait to sit down and eat because I wanted to eat the entire fricken menu. We got seated at the bar, which was actually pretty cool because I could watch the guys cooking the whole time. 2 dudes running this tiny kitchen for the whole place. They had everything pretty much down to a science, it was like watching a dance. Aaaannnddd since we were seated right there, I got to drool at everyone else's food before the servers came to take it away and was trying to plot my next meal here already (Don't worry, I didn't actually drool IN anyone's food). Torturous waiting. I had decided on the Huevos rancheros and added avocado (because I'm obsessed and they make all egg breakfasts better). So happy with my choice, it was so delicious in fact that I'm afraid to get other stuff because I don't want to have diners remorse because I didn't get this deliciousness again. Fricken awesome. Just go and eat huevos rancheros now. And the best part is, I can walk to this place from my apartment. I will be back. A lot.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,9/8/2014,2,36,3,7,6>This isn't the old Patina.  Same name, same place, a big step up in dining experiences.Driving by we decided to try dinner on a Saturday night, without reservations. We were accommodated in a nice booth for two in the bar area.  Conner, the bar tender, made us right a home with wine and drink suggestions. If you like a mild can, try the Freakshow, very nice.Started off with the Duck Confit Risoto. If you are a duck fan, this was a great way to start with warm toasted bread.  Also had the smoked mussel dip which was even better.  The dip was served with fresh vegetables which added to the uniqueness.I ordered the pork chop, medium.  Came out just shy of medium which tells me they know what they are doing. Good call by the staff cause it was moist and flavorful. A very generous chop that had great seasoning. Add the house made apple sauce and it was really good.  My wife had the monkfish.  I got one small taste.  I know it is outstanding when she will not share.  The chef know fish.  It was really really one of the best pieces of fish I have had in  a restaurant in a very long time.Service - Conner provided five star service.Ambience was top notch.The chef, Mike, came by the table.  Less than one month at Patina and he will make it the place to go in The West End. Greer, the owner stopped by the table.  Just the right amount of attention. Patina just became a monthly commitment. But I have a feeling reservations will be necessary from now on.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/7/2014,21,5,6,7,7>Gluten-free pastries?!  YES PLEASE, may I have another?  The gf canales were amazing, and the gentleman behind the counter gave me one to try before I committed to buying any.  I walked out with a dozen plus a cheesecake for my father's birthday.  The cheesecake wasn't gluten free, but he did offer me several options that were - I chose the cheesecake based on my dad's preferences.  But holy cow, that was mouth-watering too!  (I couldn't help but try it; don't judge me.) I was incredibly impressed with the cake and pie options they offered on exactly zero notice and the service was friendly and accommodating to my limitless questions and indecisions.  This little gem of a bakery is tucked away in Church Hill; go have a cup of coffee or tea and a pastry!  I will be returning for a gf muffin (or 12) for sure!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,9/6/2014,2,31,2,4,4>Stangeways has a great concept..  They have several core beers that can be found on tap around town but the reason to go to the Brewery is to try all the various ways they change things up.  I'm a big fan of the Wild Wallonian Dawn Honey Saison but at the brewery I can get a Cranberry Wallonian Dawn or a Jasmine Wallonian Dawn.  Get the picture?  25 beers on tap!Food is only available from food trucks which can be hit or miss, depending on your tastes.... Bring your own... I hear there is a good Mexican place just down the street....
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,9/5/2014,126,171,3,4,4>WOW! What a little gem nestled in the Slip. I went here for Restaurant week and I definitely enjoyed it. The food was excellent and our waiter was a delight! I started out with the pasta combo, went on to the quail, and finished off with an Italian style flan. The pasta combo was super tasty... fresh made pasta, good noodle to filling ratio... not too much sauce. I couldn't have asked for more. The quail was absolutely the highlight of this meal. It was cooked to perfection - tender and juicy on the inside and a nice crisp skin. I almost didn't need the knife to cut though the meat - it was that tender. The mashed potatoes were smooth and creamy... it was a wonderful meal. The Italian style flan was good, a bit too sweet for my taste but I'm not a desert person so, I wouldn't take my advice on desert, LOL! I definitely want to go back here again and try some more of the menu.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,9/4/2014,4,57,5,4,5>Do you love sushi but can't afford to eat it like a king. Well, now you can be a king.Make sure you go hungry so you can get your moneys worth. They have a wide selections of rolls. Make sure you look at the back of the menu. That is where they hide the fancy ones.  Don't waste valuable tummy space on appetizers. The decor is very nice. They even  have a waterfall on the wall!  Ya, I know, you read correctly. Service is top notch. I've been twice and haven't felt judged for my large sushi consumption. I'm not even sure how they make money but they must be doing well because they keep expanding in other cities.I will be back and without a doubt I suspect they will be prepared for me.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,9/3/2014,8,63,2,3,5>Not quite five stars, probably closer to 4.5 than four.My wife and I came in on a Friday at 6:30 for beers and dinner.  First of all, they have a great happy hour where beer and wine (I believe) is half off.  We had three different excellent beers for very reasonable prices.The service was outstanding.  The two folks behind the cash register were friendly, helpful, and fun.  I wish I would have gotten their names so I could give them a shout out.It also happened to be burger week, so we got a $5 chorizo burger with a fried egg on top.  It was awesome!  It's not going to be on the menu moving forward, so tough luck and no help.In addition to the five excellent beers on tap and nitro iced coffee (something I look forward to trying when I come back for breakfast), they also have a large and rare beer, whine, and sundries selection.  In addition to the burger, we got the pimento arepitas, which were pimento cheese wheels fried with an arugula chimichurri.  They were a little bland and disappointing.  For our final plate, we had the pork belly on the recommendation of our kind server.  It was a few slices of pork belly over grits with a poached egg and a good, slightly spicy broth.  It did not disappoint.This place is absolutely awesome.  The service is great.  The beer is great.  The food is very good.  I want to come back for breakfast, I will come back for their awesome and rare beer.  Go there.  ASAP.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,9/2/2014,125,397,3,4,5>This place is JUST what we need in Richmond.  The menu is like a revamped diner or soda fountain menu.  They have so many awesome dessert drinks, some of which I hadn't even heard of, that I felt like a kid again.  They have milkshakes (including with espresso, yum!), floats, NY egg cream, cherry lime rickeys, a variety of fruit juices, and even Boylan old-fashioned-inspired sodas.  For real dessert (since some of us might feel the need for two desserts ;), they have baked alaska and ice cream sandwiches, among a handful of other fun options.  Much to make husband's delight, they actually had Guinness on tap.Well there, clearly I couldn't resist telling you about the dessert menu first.  I told you this place makes me feel like a kid again!  Even the decor is super fun and energizing--lots of string lights and whimsy!  It was a bit too dark inside as far as lighting, but otherwise, super fun.  Service was great too!  The waitress was friendly, prompt, patient, and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She was not at all afraid to make recommendations when asked, and I loved that!  Now, on to the rest of the mneu.  The menu's awesome!  Tons of items are smothered in graaaavy, yum yum!  Their menu tends to be regional-homestyle-American-influenced with a handful of revamped Tex Mex items.  My husband ordered the pork belly tacos.  The apple jicama slaw was absolutely amazing!  I couldn't have the taco because it wasn't gluten-free.  I ordered the half chicken.  Let me just tell you, it was amazing!  The skin was crispy and flavorful and the meat was oh-so-tender and juicy!  I loved the herb rub on the skin.  The chicken was delectable, and the garlic mash wasn't overly heavy.  My one complaint was that I got a big piece of what tasted like raw garlic.  The garlic should've been smashed rather than chopped and sauteed a bit more.  The broccolini was absolutely amaaazing!  It was cooked and season to perfection.  It was my first bite, and I couldn't stop eating it until I was done.  That's how good it was!So, as much as I loved this place overall, my principal complain is good grief it's hard out here for a gluten-free girl.  Goood grief!  Remember I said that almost everything is smothered in gravy?  Well, almost everything is smothered in gravy!  There are a number of fried items.  The tortillas are not full corn, from my understanding, and the cornbread is the typical white and corn flour blend.  There are verrry few safe items for the gluten-restricted.  Even my mashed potatoes were initially to be covered in gravy.  In fact, the waitress informed the cooks of the restriction and said no gravy, but they did it anyway, and, unfortunately, the chicken (which had gravy run alongside it) was simply moved to a new plate with gravy-free mash.  Sounds ok, but if you have a severe gluten allergy, that could send you to the ER.  I was very disappointed by that, but i just ate the parts that didn't get gravy on them.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,9/1/2014,80,45,3,6,3>Heritage is a beautiful and sophisticated eatery serving up deep-flavors originating from in-and-around the Greater Richmond area. These flavors are skillfully elevated by artistically-talented Chef Joe Sparatta, in both execution and presentation,  and complimented by the delicious mixology created by Mattias Hägglund.Apart from a view of the patrons at Home Team Grill during our dining experience, the meal, drinks, and service at Heritage were nothing short of warm, inviting, and comforting while still maintaining a level of formality for a Friday evening dinner date.After a short wait we were greeted by a wonderfully knowledgeable server who was able to articulate the local businesses and farms being featured on the menu, as well as, the Chef's specials for the evening.The menu is arranged into Small Plates, Medium Plates, and Large Plates. We elected to start off our meal with the pimento croquettes (small) and the local asparagus (medium).The croquettes came out piping hot, radiant golden brown, and perfectly crispy. The flavors of the sharp pimento cheese balanced well with the slight saltiness and density of the thin breading. The texture of the perhaps-overly-melted cheese was slightly grainy for my taste, but that is an overstated nuance to an overall great bite. Served alongside was an aromatic smoked tomato aioli that only made the second bite even better adding a note of acidity and another level of flavor.As for the local asparagus, this is where the artwork at Heritage began. A beautifully plated dish, the asparagus was served perfectly charred with a bit of crispness. The spears were accompanied by two medallions of purple potato, morsels of fatty and salty house bacon, shavings of parmesan, and a delicately poached egg with a whimsical drizzle of aioli / oil surrounding. The presentation, complexity, and depth were immaculate for a dish entitled "local asparagus".Our entrees were the roasted half chicken served over rich-and-creamy cheddar grits from Byrd Mill and the Chef's special - Waygu Beef and Broccoli. The chicken, competing with a similar dish from The Daily Kitchen and Bar eaten a night earlier, showcased its superiority with a golden, crispy, fatty, salty skin encasing juicy, moist white meat representative of the level of execution in the kitchen. Served on rectangular slate dish, perfectly medium rare thin slices of the Wagyu beef met with a deliciously rich, sweet and spicy sauce and was served over light and crisp bunches of local victory farms broccoli. The warmth and depth of flavor of this simple dish was an immaculate feature of the evening.Finally, another piece of artwork from the Chef hidden behind a simple name: the chocolate candy bar. A splay of meringue zigzagged across the plate, slightly burnt adding a scrumptious campfire/marshmallow essence to the dish. Centered-atop, a thin bar of creamy chocolate hazelnut fudge with droppings of candied corn pops nestled up against a scoop of Nutella ice cream. The richness, the sugar, the hot and the cold, the textures all created one of the best desserts we've eaten in 2014.Heritage, Joe, Mattias, and crew - You all have done something special and we can not wait to return to try the rest of the menu!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/31/2014,114,325,5,5,5>I came here with a friend who had heard about this place and really wanted to try it. It's only open until 7PM on weekdays, but since it was First Fridays, they were staying open later so I was able to grab dinner around 7:30PM from them. They layout of the store is very open. They have some goods for sale on the right wall, and the kitchen is visible on the left. Their menus is simple: pastas and sandwiches. I decided to do the "make-your-own" pasta and picked squid ink mostaccioli with tuna + cream sauce. The portion size was fairly large, so the prices are fair. My pasta was served in a circular aluminum tin (i.e. takeout container), even though I was eating in at one of the few tables in the store.Service was fantastic. All of the employees were super friendly, and when I decided to order the broccoli soup (sold chilled to take home), the worker offered to heat the soup up for me since I planned to eat it there with my pasta. =) In addition, we were checked on repeatedly throughout the meal. Everyone just seems so nice and passionate about their food!Speaking of food, the real winner and reason I rated five stars is because of the pasta. The dish was phenomenal. Flavors were superb, and what stood out the most was the freshness of the pasta. The pasta had a nice, chewy texture which I loved as well.Bombolini is a deceptively simple-looking place with a hidden powerhouse of taste! And how can you not love their cute spiral dog logo? ;D
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,8/30/2014,187,441,1,4,6>I had a chance to try the Brie Burger last week. It was delicious! Big burger, juicy patty, tasty cheese. Then I went home and told my fiancé about this place, wondering when I'd be able to bring him here. To our luck,  they have a food truck! I told him he had to get the Kojak because eggs on burgers does it for him. His reaction?  He loved it! The size of the burger was just right and all the flavors mixed together. It looks like we'll both be having more of Carytown Burgers in our life, considering they've got an expansive menu, which does include some dogs. The actual establishment has an outdoor seating area, which is great for the summer months but I wonder what they do when it gets colder, seeing as the inside is only meant for ordering.  Regardless, loyal customers and curious passerbys will still be coming by!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,12/12/2013,55,162,2,3,3>Say yes to an eclectic combo of beers, Bev's homemade ice cream/shakes, coffees, desserts, and sandwiches. This place boasts California-esque hippie decor (couches/plenty of seats & tables for studying) and strong A/C making the place a gratifying retreat from the summer humidity. Add on the superb service and there is not much to dislike. The only downside is the fairly steep prices for ice cream/shakes.$4.94 incl. tax for a 12oz strawberry milkshake. As expensive, if not more, than the average Starbucks milkshake. Nonetheless, the shake was tasty as ever.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,12/11/2013,61,189,,5,4>I've been here twice in the past month and just don't understand the bad reviews. Maybe they're from a previous management era or maybe just written by people expecting a Michelin star dining experience. It's a diner. Both of my visits demonstrated clean tables, clean lemons (really?), clean plates, cups, tableware, floors, windows, water, air, language, and babies.  I'm certainly not suggesting that a customer isn't entitled to a clean and sanitary dining experience but I just didn't see any problems myself.Now for the reason I came in the first place: the food. I arrived with a Living Social promo so had to spend $20 and I was dining solo, which wasn't as difficult to do as I thought it might be.  I started with a fresh-made limeade @ $2.99 for an unlimited portion. I knew I wouldn't drink much more than one but for only 50 cents more than a regular soda, it seemed like the way to go.  It was excellent and limey, though maybe a little too sweet. For dinner, I ordered a bacon & cheese Gus burger cooked medium rare -- yes, they can do medium rare.  It was excellent and cooked perfectly! I added my favorite condiments and proceeded to thoroughly enjoy it.  It was a 5-napkin burger...flavorful and juicy.  I also upgraded my side to onion rings, which were crispy but nothing very special.I realized I was hitting about $15 on my $20 promo so needed (yes, needed) to order dessert.  Desserts are traditionally a strong point for diners like River City and they did not disappoint.  I ordered the River Bottom Pie, which turned out to be cake.  Semantics aside, it was deliciously rich chocolate cake partnered with vanilla and coffee ice cream and topped with chocolate sauce, whipped cream and nuts. I uploaded a picture as proof of its decadence. I should have also ordered coffee to break up some of the sweetness but this was definitely a good dessert!I expect I'll return to River City, even without a promo coupon. They're friendly, fast, and thorough in their table service. The food is good and it's a cool-looking place.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,12/10/2013,84,184,4,5,5>4.5 stars for Magpie!  Knocked off 0.5 because I'm not sure if my sweetie enjoyed his meal as much as I did.  With that being said, we had an overall fantastic experience at Magpie.They serve some really creative cocktails.  I can't remember the names, but I ordered a lavender-flavored cocktail that was quite mild but with just enough essence of lavender for you to get the flavor - super refreshing and summery.  My sweetie had an orangey drink with bitters and I think tequila (?) that totally hit the spot.Our friendly server started us off with a delicious "amuse bouche" (kinda old school but it never gets old) of baby mozzarella balls, roasted peppers. Our starter was a plate of 6 cocktail oysters with cantaloupe mignonette sauce - tasty but not the freshest oysters.  We were both carnivorous that night and our bodies demanded meat:  he ordered the braised rabbit with peaches, jicama, ginger vinaigrette, and black bean puree - very hearty yet light with the veggies/fruit. I got the smoked ribeye potato, feta, arugula, chimichurri - oh my goodness, the meat was INCREDIBLE.  Perfectly cooked to a medium-rare and every bite oozed with juicy meat and just enough fat to make it super luscious.  And as if our meals weren't decadent enough, we just HAD to top it off with bread pudding that's made with.... (wait for it)... Sugar Shack donuts.  BOOM.The decor is stunning with the red interior and the attention-to-detail (I'm obsessed with the lighting above the bar).  Not a large place so get ready to cozy up to the table next to you during a busy night.  Keep an open mind (and stomach) because Magpie isn't afraid to come up with creative flavor combinations that plays with your palate.  A must the next time you're in the Carver neighborhood!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,12/9/2013,51,183,,3,4>I've yet to have a bad meal or experience at Burger Bach. We've worked our way through most of the burgers now and I love every combination. The Asian Thai Burger, French Chick, New Plymouth, and Wellington are my favorites. The fries and dipping sauces are great. I wasn't a big fan of the smothered fries. We tried the smothered fries with broccoli and cheese. It was really just too much - too big, too many toppings - kind of a mess. We usually sit at the bar and the service is always good. The beer selection and cocktail are great. The only downside is trying to find a time when the place isn't packed.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,12/8/2013,126,171,2,5,3>Definitely an adorable little place tucked into the heart of RVA. My boyfriend and I went there last night before the free movie screening of The Way Way Back (thank you, again, Jamie!!) and we were not disappointed. We walked in without reservations and were seating right away! The place is decorated wonderfully with red seats and cute pictures everywhere. The staff was quick and very, very nice. They knew what they were talking about when we asked about the food. It was absolutely wonderful! I absolutely LOVE when I ask the server about something and they can actually tell me about it! For the actual food... we ordered off the Assaggini menu. We ordered 5 small pates to share and were completely happy with the food, flavors, and presentation. We ordered the Zuppa Di Cozze, Calamari, Polpettine, Caponata, and the Insalata trinacria (see the pics I've posted!!). The mussels and calamari were cooked perfectly. Usually places tend to overcook seafood, but Deco got it right on the money! The meatballs were perfectly seasoned and they even added pine nuts which was a wonderful surprise. The salad was tasty and and eggplant salad was the biggest surprise of all for the night. It was served cold but marinated in a delectable sauce. The vegetables weren't soggy or mushy but tasty and firm. It was a perfect side dish to the mussels! Would I go back here? Absolutely!! PRO TIP: get a bunch of small dishes to share and go family style! you'll get the best and most varied experience.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/7/2013,207,132,6,14,10>Mafungo. Guacamole that could make a grown man weep with joy. Chicharrón that are hand-made, to order, and seasoned to perfection.Duck pozole that could make a vegetarian rethink an entire life choice. Beef tacos infused with Oaxacan smoke and fire. Cebiches that take me back to afternoons in Mexico.Pizco sours made with real citrus, and foamed with actual egg white. Some very nice wine and beer on tap.Plans to morph the menu seasonally, and they've even said they might add pasteles (Caribbean tamales) to the mix in the fall/winter chill.I love this place. Clean lines, friendly staff, accommodating restauranteurs, inventive kitchen wizards - it adds up to a real turnaround for a space that's seemed cursed over the last six years.Hey, since the same talented ownership turned around the old City Limits (shudder) into a slammin' good gastropub called Toast ... I am unsurprised that Estilo is so damn good.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,12/6/2013,114,325,2,4,3>I had a Restaurant.com gift certificate for this place, and a classmate of mine had recommended this place too, so I decided to check it out. I went for a late lunch (around 1:45PM), and it was empty when I got there. However, I was greeted by a friendly worker who proceeded to take my order. Although the restaurant is actually very beautifully appointed, I believe the majority of patrons get take-out, and my order was also made as a take-out order, even though I didn't explicitly say I was ordering take-out (nor was I asked). The lighting is very warm and the decorations are inviting. While I was waiting for my food, I popped on over to the the other side of the place to check out the market. The market was fairly small and did not have too many goods stocked, but it was fun looking at all of the items for sale (many of which I am not particularly familiar with). I received my order and took it home to eat. I did take a bite of the freshly-made pita while it was still hot though, and it was PHENOMENAL! I ordered beef kabob and baba ghanoush. To be honest, the portion size of the kabob plate was a bit on the smaller side, but the flavors were great and the food tasted good. The baba ghanoush was tasty as well.Overall, I had a great experience, and the employee truly was above average in friendliness. In closing, I just want to echo that the restaurant can be a bit tricky to find; it is in the plaza on the Lowe's side, in the strip with the Game Stop.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,12/5/2013,57,54,5,8,4>Please do yourself a favor before heading out to the Taphouse. Understand that this is NOT the place to go if you're looking for a nice sit-down, pub-style meal. It's just not.  So please stop trying and then complaining when it doesn't happen.When you think, "Taphouse!" to yourself the thoughts that follow should be strictly beer related. That said, the place has a good beer list. It's one of those ever-changing lists that feature everything from light to dark, local to imported. The servers all know their beer and can tell you anything you want to know, just ask. And I don't mean the servers know the difference between PBR and Guinness. I mean the staff KNOWS beer. The bar is on Robinson. We all know where in the city that is and based on that we can all assume a fair amount of younger crowds on the weekends. If you can't manage to be around other people or hipsters for an evening, then maybe this part of the city just isn't for you in general. It just is what it is in that department, folks. This is a popular place that serves beer in a college town. If you're looking for a fancy place, or a place where the waitstaff will hold your hand and make you feel special all night; this is not the place. But if you want a solid dive-bar, dark corners, loud music, I'm not here for a romantic evening - I'm here to drink kind of night, then by all means go down there and hunt for parking. You won't be disappointed.Give Taphouse a break. It's a bar. It's a standard, no frills, no fancy pants nonsense good 'ol drinking establishment and nothing more. And really, they get extra points for not trying as hard to be something they're not like half a dozen other places in RVA.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,12/4/2013,1,14,2,7,4>the Donuts here are great! I was in the mood for some donuts like the ones I have back home. Before Country style, I was hard pressed to find good donuts to satisfy my craving. This place is only made sweeter by the fact that its open 24hrs a day (except Mon). The donuts here are just plain great and the price is fantastic. All I have to say is that you might want to try and get there earlier in the day because they might have a bigger selection than what I have experienced. I have only gone 2 times (both times around 1700hrs) and the selection was decent but they were out of quite a few varieties.     all in all... THUMBS UP
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/3/2013,85,143,,6,3>I was a little reluctent when I first arrived at Maymont due to the hills because I had just run a 5.5 mile race the previous day.  Needless to say I am SO glad that my parents wanted to check this place out during theire visit to Richmond.  I "muddled" through and couldn't have enjoyed myself more.  Maymont reminds me of Meadowlark Gardens in Northern Virginia, but on a slightly differnet playing field. The property is this amazing expanse of rolling hills, trees, gardens, and the house.  OMG THE HOUSE!! I was so amazed during the tour at the preservation and attention to detail of the estate.  I felt like I had stepped back in time to the 1910's and was viewing the amazing lifestyle that some people lived back then.  It's a stunning example of the Gilded Age. The collection of pieces that are original to the house is just mind blowing, from the stained glass, to the Tiffany & Co pieces, to the diningware, and my favorite the books in the library.  Gosh, I would love to have a room like that library with the built in half wall bookshelves. Along the tour you not only get to see these remarkable treasures, but our guide helped to paint a good picture of what life was like during that time.  Separate drawing rooms, even separate bedrooms at some points, the parties and the history of the grounds.  Maymont is somewhere that I would take any history buff to see when they were visiting Richmond.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,1/21/2014,2,49,4,7,4>Went with a good friend to Lemaire as we wanted an excuse to dress up and treat ourselves to gourmet. We were not disappointed! The service was attentive, friendly and professional. We couldn't decided on just one delicious plate, so we shared several of the small plates - what a culinary treat! The only disappointment was the ahi tuna presentation (the flavor was great just the presentation lacked) - cubed tuna on a bed of seaweed jam packed in a martini glass. The wine selection was excellent and the atmosphere is incredible (the Jefferson hotel is a wonderfully preserved piece of history). We also really enjoyed that all the food was locally sourced (they even have beehives on the roof of the hotel to get their honey). Portions are decently sized.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,1/20/2014,1,5,2,5,3>This is me and my fiancee's favorite Mexican restaurant in the Richmond and surrounding area. The table-side guacamole is as good as it gets!! The 2 servers and management seem to always recognize us as returning customers whenever we come in, and we are by no means regulars. Everything we have had on the menu since going has been stellar! Can't wait to go back again!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,1/19/2014,13,65,3,13,5>Moxie Movers are freakin awesome. We moved a few days ago from a one bedroom apartment downtown to a house out in the burbs. We decided to hire movers for the first time and went with Moxie after Lauren C.'s raving review. We ended up moving on the hottest day of the year so we were even more sure of our decision to hire movers. Rob, Stew and Tom showed up exactly when they said they would and got working right away. They had smiles on their faces the whole time and were such a delight. Once we got to the new house the put our stuff exactly where we wanted it and didn't break a single item (something I was worried about).We gave them plenty of water during the move and made sure to order pizza for them since our move didn't finish up until after 7. My only regret with the experience is that we won't be moving again anytime soon so we can't use Moxie again for awhile. But I absolutely can't wait to recommend them to all of my friends. Top notch!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/18/2014,279,214,3,7,3>This is perhaps the best restaurant in the central region of Virginia and we have some terrific ones!!!! I love this place....I was in NYC on Mon. night and ate at a small French Bistro.....it was excellent.....however, Belle Vie is off the charts IMO .....I can't give 6 stars but if I could it's a candidate! It's easy to find a restaurant you love and order that special dish that made the grade w/ your taste buds....but, at Belle Vie....Don't do that! I ordered for the first time the Belgium Stew!!!! OMG!! What a star itself! Lightly sweet...tender w/ an incredibly smooth Belgium beer broth.....I'm going to order it again, OK, OK, I know, I know what I just said..it's that good! .but I've been hung on the the Curry Mussels ...scallops ....etc. and decided I needed to mix it up w/ something different. Oh, I actually ordered a beer w/ my Belgium beer stew....pretty smart, huh? LOL !!!  Kathie had a salad and the delish calamari....kind of a Kathie staple! Well, they were rather quite busy. However,  I'm always amazed at the " work ethic"and "professionalism" of all the folks at Belle Vie! OMG, I forgot....Kathie saved room and ordered the Chocolate mousse...w/ raspberry sauce..Ooh,la,la!!!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,1/17/2014,132,195,4,9,6>We were driving around after looking at furniture all morning and were starving. We saw this place and came in. We were greeted quickly and not rushed to order. While looking at the menu all the other patrons were getting hot dogs with everything on it but sauerkraut. Now I think it is a travesty not to get sauerkraut as that is one of my favorite things in the world. So we decided to also get all beef hot dogs with everything on it PLUS sauerkraut, mine excluding cheese for allergy reasons, to go. Once we got home and ate the hot dogs we realized we ate them in like two bites. Yes, we were that hungry and the hot dogs were that good. The chili was perfect, I like my chili not to have huge chunks of meat in it and the chili was made just the way I like it! This place also has some cool yelp deal that we didn't see until after we left but when we come back we will do a deal.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,1/16/2014,69,336,3,10,4>After hearing my work colleagues (including Yelper Mattie B) rave about this place, I convinced them to bring me along the next time they ventured down to Main St for lunch.    What I found was a bright, clean pleasant little place that offers up a number of savory and sweet crepe options that could probably satisfy most cravings.On this visit, I had the chicken crepe, which was loaded with chicken, avocado, arugula, onion and a yummy lemongrass sauce in a soft fluffy crepe.  It comes with a small side salad.  Bonus points because their drink fountain has both iced tea AND lemonade, so I can fix myself an Arnold Palmer.Next trip I hope to have room for a dessert crepe (the one with Nutella)!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,1/15/2014,68,266,2,7,3>My new go to place for Pho!Location: it's located in a part of lakeside that doesn't scream excitement or anything really going on around it. The Flashing purple sign actually through me off initially and I thought it was a club or something.Decor: it's pretty outdated and the wooden tables and benches don't add to the feel either. It also smells dusty and it's noticeable but not overwhelming. Prices: dinner portion of the Veggie Pho (only comes in one small size bowl) is 7.95 which is affordable. But the dinner portion doesn't come with the corn nuggets.Flavor: the broth was very light and flavorful and like Jamie D. said, there's a very subtle hint of sweetness to it. The pho has tofu, faux meat, mushrooms and onions which were all cooked nicely. Noodles tasted great and wish there was more of it.I made some vietnamese small talk with one of the female employees, probably the owner, she had some swag that indicated that. She was nice and gave us a free plate of fried bananas which was really nice of her. Maybe next time i'll get two bowls of pho...? I was hungry about an hour later!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,1/14/2014,35,136,2,6,4>Every time I go to Coppola's I vow I'm going to try something new, but every time I step up to the counter I order the same thing: the cheese columbo with artichoke hearts. It is my favorite...melted cheese folded in with grilled onions and hot and sweet peppers.  They  melt  the  cheese on the grill until a crust forms, and then they put it on a roll with lettuce, tomatoes, oil and vinegar and artichoke hearts. YUM!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/13/2014,89,171,9,14,9>I decided that for my 100th review I wanted to review somewhere that serves up one of my favorite foods.  As I've already eaten at half a dozen pho places and almost as many taquerias, I decided that it was time to eat at a real authentic Philly style cheesesteak shop.The problem with this is that RVA seems to be almost completely devoid of anything that falls into this category.  Sure, there are Italian and sub shops that have Steak and Cheese, but these are all put on hard deli rolls with lettuce, tomato, and mayo.  I was looking for a classic Philly Cheesesteak.--Food: Str8 Out of Philly is a no frills, honest to goodness Philly Cheesesteak shop.  I ordered a classic style Cheesesteak with Provolone (although you can opt for Cheez Whiz), Mushrooms, and Banana Peppers.  The bread is in the form of a fresh tasting Amoroso roll, which if you've ever had a legit Philly Cheesesteak, you know this is the only way to go.  It's soft and flavorful and just delicious.  The steak itself is what you'd expect; thinly sliced steak which is then diced and melted with provolone.  Str8 Out of Philly captures all of the flavor that I associate with a real deal cheesesteak with the delicious roll, properly prepared steak, and overall Philly Cheesesteak feel.I also had fries with the lunch combo I ordered, served in the crinkle cut variety.  They were good, but I wouldn't return for the fries.  BUT THAT CHEESESTEAK.  I used to eat at a few Philly Cheesesteak places in Upstate NY, and Str8 Out of Philly is on par, if not better.--Cost: Very fair.  My combo was about $11, and the "Half" cheesesteak was no less than 10 inches long, maybe more.  I was starving when I came here and it was a chore to finish, but was so good I couldn't resist.  Best $11 I've spent in a while.--Service: Alright, so I'm not going to sugar coat this.  The service is mediocre at best.  My order of a cheesesteak and fries took about 25 minutes, and my order was the first one of all the people there (which was only two other people).  The employees aren't rude, but didn't go out of their way to be overly pleasant either.  Although the cook did ask me how things were.--Atmosphere: Again, no sugar coating, I've been to nicer places.  I think that Str8 Out of Philly aims to be more of a pickup place as there are 3 tables with 2 chairs each in a small dining area.  The area is partially unfinished with loose cords and taped walls.  I didn't notice anything overly dirty as a couple reviews mentioned, but I've certainly seen nicer interiors.  BUT THAT CHEESESTEAK.--Overall: Simply put, if you're looking for a real Philly Cheesesteak and none of that lettuce, tomato, and mayo nonsense, do yourself a favor and come here.  The wait is a little long so if you can, order in advance, but the resulting cheesesteak speaks for itself.If you're wondering why I give it a 5 despite the service and interior, the answer is clear.  THAT CHEESESTEAK.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,1/12/2014,71,94,2,5,2>After seeing some of the rave reviews here on Yelp, I decided to head to Brunch this past Saturday with some friends to check out what everything was all about down off Main Street.And let's be honest, who doesn't like the sound of PITCHERS of mimosas?  Count me in, for real.Their brunch menu is more than reasonably priced when you take in to consideration the portion sizes that you get.  For about 8 bucks you can get your entire plate brimming with breakfast foods.  That's pretty hard to beat unless you go to the southside area with a few mom and pop joints.I went with the Eggs Benedict with Béarnaise sauce.  (Note, in some other reviews it says it is Hollandaise, but unless you can sub it out, I think they are mistaken.) with potatoes and asparagus.  The eggs were perfectly done over easy, and the english muffin was pretty standard.  I can't help but to think the ham or canadian bacon they used is Sysco, because it definitely had that taste to it.  The asparagus was delicious, and cooked perfectly.  And the potatoes were crispy on the outside and tender where it counts.  They had quite a bit of heat to them, too.  I can see this potentially turning some people off, but I enjoyed it.My only gripe is the Bearnaise sauce that came on it.  I'm unsure if this is made in house, or what.  But they were really heavy on the white wine vinegar in it.  So much that it totally threw the balance of the sauce, which otherwise would have tied it altogether nicely. Oh, and the mimosa pitchers were bangin'.  For what you spend, it's definitely worth checking out.  I'll be giving this place another shot in the near future to see if my taste buds were wonky that day, or if it was just an 'oops' when measuring in the vinegar.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,8/24/2013,245,1116,1,7,3>I'm so glad to see the old Café Diem transformed into Viceroy.  It doesn't look at all like Café Diem, doesn't feel like it either.  And that's a good thing.  Kudos to whoever did the construction and design.Our table of six had a blast last night.  Good food.  Good drinks.  Good service.  Good atmosphere.  A few nit-picky things that keep me from giving Viceroy 5-stars.  They're not on OpenTable.  And when I called to make a reservation, they didn't pick up.  When I left a message, they didn't call back.  So, I had to call again to make a reservation.It's expensive.  I don't mind spending money on a good meal, and it's still expensive.  Entrees are expensive.  Salads are extra.  Sides are extra.  It's that kind of menu.  Don't even get me started about the "snacks" and "pre" menu sections.  Plus, someone went overboard WRITING the menu.  Descriptions are too lengthy, and there are too many obscure ingredients that make you ask, "What the heck is that?" (unless you're a chef... even foodies will ask) which means the waitress better be prepared to answer (she was).  I will say, everyone enjoyed their meals, though.  I got the grouper, one of my friends got the gnocchi and we split.  Both were excellent.  (I still don't think gnocchi should be an entree, though.)  Two other friends got the lamb.  I didn't taste it, but it looked beautiful.  The desserts.  Nothing on the dessert menu sounded appealing.  Again.  Overdone.  Sometimes people just want cake, pie and ice cream.  Avocado Key Lime Cheesecake Popsicles.  What the heck?  No thanks.  And I'm an adventurous eater!  That just didn't make me want to sacrifice my calorie count.  Nor did the Beer Battered PBnJ.  Pass.  I really think the dessert menu needs a total overhaul.  No one of our six ordered dessert.  That's a sign.  I was really going to go to Cheesecake Factory and get a slice of strawberry cheesecake, but by the time I got there, they'd be closed.  Good beer list.  Excellent dry martini.I will definitely go again.  Best spot in the Devil's Triangle.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,8/23/2013,155,34,2,2,3>Everything about this place is great.We came for a late dinner on Sunday night and it wasn't too crowded. The server was funny and excellent.As for the food, definitely get the firecracker shrimp appetizer. They're amazing and I swear they gave us about 25 shrimp. I had the shrimp and bacon lo mein and the person I was with had the garlic chicken and broccoli. Both were absolutely delicious. We had a ton leftover and were able to have it for dinner the next night too. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,8/22/2013,41,127,2,3,2>It's strange that I have not tried Lunch until recently - it's close to home in Carytown and three blocks from my office, easy parking, fun menu, and such.  What makes this place great is the fact that it's a challenge to get a table there.  Yes, that small.  I'm talking Fire Marshall says no more than 25 people, total.  We counted seats and realized that at legal capacity, two people would still have to stand.  I love it.They don't do much, but what they do, they do well.  Our appetizers were delicious and the drinks were tasty.  While my (small) group of folks did not order dinner, it was evident someone in the kitchen knows what's up.The prices are fair, but not cheap.  Atmosphere is cozy and eclectic (same with the crowd).  Our servers, I say 'servers' because I went twice in one day, were personable and quick.All-in-all, I can't wait to become a regular there.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,8/21/2013,57,54,,6,2>Do not go to Tio Pablos if what you are looking for is the "ground beef tacos with refried beans and rice"- style Mexican food.Do go here if you like flavor and authenticity. First tip - be adventurous. Not sure if you want to eat tongue? Do it. See Goat Tacos on the specials menu? Order it. There is care in preparation, thoughtful flavor combinations and terrific sauces.Second tip - try the sauces the server will bring to your table. They are of varying heat levels but each are delicious and fresh.Third tip - If you're there with a date or friend, split a Mexi-cola, they're big enough to share and worth the extra $$.The only "not-great" things I have had at Tio Pablo usually involved the chicken being a little too dry, but never on the standard tacos on the menu. Even with the rare dryness, the food is always good.Consistent good service, personable staff and great food? This is a favorite spot in RVA.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,8/20/2013,62,181,2,5,2>Family-owned restaurants always have a special place in my heart- every time you walk in, you feel right at home. Brock's Bar-B-Que is no different than stopping in for dinner at your neighbor's house. As soon as you walk in, you feel welcomed and treated so well. I stopped in for dinner and was happy I was able to be seated right away. The staff was super friendly and after telling them it was my first time visiting, they were more than happy to share their story about the place as well as specials of the day. The food was wonderful - I actually had their roasted chicken with mac n cheese and green beans (and of course with a large glass of sweet tea). True southern meal with every bit of a taste like my grandma use to make. My friends ordered the pulled pork and was very happy with their meals as well - their bbq sauce is one from the god's of food and flavor.Stop on in for southern comfort food with great prices and welcoming staff. What a great place to go for a small-town feel right in Chester!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,8/19/2013,8,6,2,4,2>I went to see Rebecca after a friend referred me to her after I had gotten a bad cut and I needed help with my color. I am now a loyal customer. Her color skills are amazing and I can honestly say that I have never been unhappy with any service I have gotten. Flirt is the place to go!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/18/2013,34,80,,4,2>This place is awesome! Stopped in with a friend recently for a tasting and we both ended up buying a few bottles! The current cider that they are offering is really crisp and refreshing and not overly-sweet like some ciders. And very moderately priced! The tasting room can accommodate small groups, so I would definitely recommend checking it out with friends. They have a great view of the city, too! And I was really pleased to hear they are now selling Blue Bee in stores and restaurants around town! So happy that Virginia's first urban cidery has set up shop in Manchester!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,8/17/2013,22,40,,7,4>I've been waiting for this restaurant to open. I love food and I love beer, as well as loving small restaurants in Chesterfield. I was on my lunch break, so no beer for me....yet. They have a wide variety of craft beers that suit my love of Belgians as well as my bf's preference of IPA's. Talk to the serving staff, and they will offer great beer recommendations. I had the "Riesling" sandwich- handmade sausage panini with sriracha aioli. Pretty tasty. Also go for the hand cut fries and I tried the horseradish aioli. I recommend it. Looking forward to going back to check out the beer selection and try the dinner small plates.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,8/16/2013,9,84,2,3,2>Tasty coffee and espresso on the edge of downtown.The place is a attractive little shop in the art district of West Broad where there is not much for shopping. There's outside seating that is shaded and bustling with the professionals from the area. The facility is clean and the ladies behind the counter are sweet and easy on the eyes. The coffee is from Rostov's mostly, but they also have some fair trade coffee's from all over the place. I enjoy the average coffee but the espresso is pretty delightful. I wasn't impressed with all of the food, but the breakfast egg croissants were simple and the perfect compliment to a cup of joe.The place is building character, but it's no Crossroads or Lamplighter. The kids seem to crowd those places, so you can actually get a seat here and get some coffee on the run or for a break from the routine. There's an events board that can connect you to current ongoings in the area as well as help you post your missing dog or wanted posters. The regulars are from all walks of life, so you get a bit of everyone in there.Don't waste your time with a corporate coffee house - go there to get some Richmond personality and support a local business.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,8/15/2013,15,25,2,6,2>Okay, so I know that I did a review on Mekong here in town, and I am still a really devoted fan... but I have to say that this little place (that I never would have actually found without a recommendation) gets my best Vietnamese food in the area vote. That actually hurts me to write, but honesty is the best policy (sorry, Mekong, I still love you). I went here during lunch with a coworker as they had heard that it was "awesome and affordable Vietnamese food." That won me over as those have to be my two favorite things in the universe. I didn't have to think--I acted--putting my packed food back in the fridge for a day. I was hungry. Really hungry. Vietnamese places are known for their large portions of food, and I was fully planning on scarfing down a giant bowl of something fantastic. The place is unassuming. It is in a little strip mall off of Broad St. near Gaskins Rd. I love tiny places, but it looked a bit "generic" from the outside (it is the west end of Richmond after all--and if you don't know it, everything blends into one suburban ball of stuff). Don't let that fool you--this place is anything but generic. The smell coming in was so good that it made me hungrier than I was immediately (hard to do since I was contemplating eating a bite of my lunch before leaving for... lunch). It is cozy and well decorated, and it is welcoming. Everything is basic, which is great--it means that they are focusing on the food, not the "ambiance." We were seated immediately and, literally, about 60 seconds later, asked for drink orders. They were not rushing, they were just efficient. I ordered vegetarian Pho and a spring roll. The sauce for the spring roll? Oh my goodness it was good. It wasn't just generic soy sauce, there was something different (although it was soy based). The soup, though, was a gigantic portion of fresh veggies and tofu with all of the traditional toppings (and if you are like me, you are heavy on the basil--they give you plenty of everything here). I did scarf almost my entire bowl of soup down while still attempting to maintain the effect of not being a starving person that has no manners to boot. My friend ordered the beef Pho, and he had the same response. Neither of us talked--we just focused on the food until that food was pretty much history. I have been there numerous times after that, and each time it has been just as great. My husband loves it too, although he is a fan of the rice noodle bowls (which are also great... as is everything that we have tried). The dumplings are the best thing that I have had actually--something that they put in that sauce is so delicious that I could put it on almost everything that I ever eat (if I had the chance to do that--I'm sure they wouldn't like me taking their stock just so that my food at home would be tastier). They are suffering a bit from growing pains, and the last time that I went there they were so busy that they were a bit more scattered in service, but they made up for that by making sure that everything was completely right. We left just as happy, and we're both excited to see this restaurant do well. The owner is awesome and talks to everyone at some point while you are there to make sure that you are enjoying everything. Really, overall it is a great business to contribute to, and you will be happy (and overstuffed) when leaving.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/13/2013,40,264,2,3,3>This is one of the few places in Richmond - or perhaps the only - where you can get German cuisine.  The menu is "European comfort food" and has some influences from France and northern Italy as well.  There's some great stuff here that is hard to find elsewhere.The restaurant itself is very small with only about a half dozen tables and some seats at the bar.  They do not take reservations, so come here on off-peak times or be prepared for a lengthy wait.   The atmosphere is relaxed and if you grab a seat facing toward the back of the restaurant you can see right into the kitchen and see the chef prepare your meal.There's a good beer selection here including some local micro's and some hard-to-find imports as well.  The Mediterranean Shortstack is a great appetizer.  The Hackbraten - that's German meatloaf - is simply amazing.  The spaetzle side dish is served with a few entrees and is great as well.  For dessert the mocha cheesecake is also phenomenal.The food sometimes takes a little while to come out - not slow, but not blistering fast either - but otherwise the service is quite good.  Attentive, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.Definitely a great spot if you're looking for a nice change of pace in terms of cuisine.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/12/2013,23,48,3,8,3>"It's the truck menu on steroids." - is what I was told when I asked about the menu.  This place is awesome.  Big selection with tons of choices.  And as expected amazing tacos!There is not a lot of seating, but they are hoping they will be able to expand into the space next door soon.  We showed up at noon and we were able to get a table but space ran out quickly.If you are feeling adventurous, try the mac and cheese burrito.  Mac and cheese, bacon, wild mushroom, onion and sherry.  Lots of different flavors that mix very nicely.  And if you want to try a little bit of everything they offer, get the Gauntlet.  Three meats with all three styles.  So good! I live right down the street from this place so I will definitely be back!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,9/11/2013,8,51,3,3,3>This place is great. They do what they do well. If no one told you about this place, you would probably never find it as it's sorta just a random place on the corner of a street that looks like a house. It's small, yet intimate. The decor is awesome. It definitely has that Fan character. The sandwiches are great, and the a slice of cake is reason enough to make a special trip out there. All of their croque sandwiches are very popular there. I can't remember the particular croque sandwich that I had there, but I definitely remember how delicious the mornay sauce was if it is any conciliation. The WBLT is delicious, which would definitely be a crowd pleaser for any vegetarian. But I have to admit that I dream of the Colonel at times.Did I mention that the cakes here are amazing? Well if I didn't, just go there and get a slice of cake and get back to me. All of the icing on their cakes I think is made of cream cheese, which is thick and delicious. Only complaint about it is that it can be quite sweet. All of their fruit filling for all of their cakes is home made jam, and you can tell. The cakes are moist, and they sell relatively fast.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,9/10/2013,13,75,4,3,2>This is my favorite bakery in Richmond... and easily one of my favorite places ever. Every cake I've had is phenomenal, and the atmosphere is fantastic. The size of the slices of cake is outstanding for the price! Their salted caramel chocolate is my favorite, and I love the fruit on white cake. I didn't love the butterfinger cake, but that's only because peanut butter desserts are often too rich for me.My fiancee even accidentally left his wallet here the first time we went, and we didn't realize it until the next morning. We called when they opened, and they had it, safe and sound. My only complaint is that if I went here as often as I'd like (aka every day) I'd weigh 500 lbs.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,9/9/2013,264,294,4,15,7>This is my favorite restaurant in Richmond! The food is THE BEST, it's very affordable, and the owners are two of the nicest people you'll ever meet. JC and Julieta have also been incredibly helpful when I needed catering for events. Service was cheap, food was delicious, and it was all ready on time. Everyone who attended our event kept raving about the food.Our favorites are the chicken (obviously) but also the ceviche, which is JC's grandmother's recipe. We keep trying to trick him into telling us how to make it but we're never successful. Also delicious are any specials they have, the lomo saltado, and of course the papusas. The sides are always perfectly cooked as well, our favorites are the beans and yucca.D and I eat at Rocoto so frequently that the owners started recognizing us pretty early on. Normally we'd be embarrassed to eat somewhere once a week, if not more, but the food's so great we didn't mind. We've been counting down the days until they re-open and are SO EXCITED that day is finally here!!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,9/8/2013,106,26,3,3,3>I came here for brunch on Sunday at 1pm. Surprisingly, there was not a wait at all and we were greeted and sat promptly. This was great! We knew for sure we were going to order the red velvet waffles to share. I ordered the lobster biscuit, and my friend ordered the pork chiliques. Their service was great! The food came out within minutes of ordering. The food was also amazing. The lobster biscuit came out with a generous portion. The biscuits were nice and warm with the lobster, mushroom, eggs and tomatoes over it. They were not greedy with lobster meat, every bite I took had a huge amount of meat. It was very flavorful and the hollandaise sauce paired perfectly. My friend said the pork chiliques were really good also. There was a lot of meat! Lastly, the waffles. ALWAYS AN AMAZING CHOICE. I love the berries and the cream cheese that comes along with it. I will definitely be coming back!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,9/7/2013,5,38,2,4,3>I am a coffee snob, I can't help it.  Being a barista for two years can do that to you.  At least I come by it honestly.  I have been meaning to check out the local bean scene and I think Lamplighter made me want to dawn my apron again.  Our coffee was excellent, but it wasn't even the highlight of our trip.  The chocolate egg-creme was great too even though I just got through saying a couple days ago that I thought egg-cremes were a highly overrated beverage (by northerners mostly ;) Crazy enough, the food was the highlight.  I did not expect such a great lunch from a coffee shop/espresso bar.  Both my husband and son said their sandwiches were probably the best they had ever had.  My husband got the Biachi, black forest ham, capicola, salami and provolone with peperoncini and italian dressing on gluten free bread, because he must be Gluten Free...can I just say OMG, it was freakin' amazing!!  My son got the Muna Module, a woven bacon BLT with garlic aioli, avocado and scrambled eggs on fococcia.  It was so good that he would not share even ONE SINGLE BITE and sat there with a sad face when it was gone.   But speaking of sad, after trying my husband's Biachi, I had to admit that my Goat Herder's Daughter was sad and lonely, missing something...maybe I should have gotten it with the capicola (which changes it to the Goat Herder's Mistress)?  I dunno, but I was slighty disappointed with my vegetarian option.  Not disappointed enough to not give it five stars though!   We will be returning, and often.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/6/2013,279,214,2,4,4>99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer......well, this is my 99th Yelp review and even though I  didn't count how many bottles or cans or draft beers they have, but they have one Hood River City beer and a Portland, Ore. Widmer, which should make any beer lover's day. The wine list, nice! Very, very nice! But hey, this is a seafood restaurant and great one to boot! Can we all say FRESH! This is up the road fresh seafood! So let say I've been lucky enough to have NEVER met an Oyster I didn't like/love .......and I still haven't! The baked Oysters were wonderful! Guess what, I also had the best Oyster Shooters ever! I won't take the time to go into how good they were....but you get the idea! The Mignonette sauce, you just have to have! OK, I don't give many 5 stars...usually that 5th star is for service and that's the case again today! If you get Tiara you'll have as good a service as you'll ever have! 5 stars!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,9/5/2013,29,56,,5,4>I've been working in Innsbrook for 23 years and have been coming to Boychik's since they opened way back in 1990. The reason I fell in love with them in the beginning was because they are (still) the only place in the Richmond area I've found that has REAL lox.  Not just smoked salmon but actual properly brined lox.So they caught me with the lox but kept me with the service. Scott Elias has managed to create a deli that I think blends the best of NYC deli and southern hospitality. Scott and his staff make you feel like family when you are in his store. Everyone is incredibly friendly, even when the place is absolutely packed ... which happens a lot at lunchtime.Most of the sandwiches that I have sampled have been good but I particularly enjoy the traditional New York deli favorites that typically don't find their way into Richmond sandwich shops: corned beef, pastrami, chopped liver, knockwurst, whitefish, and even chicken noodle soup with matzoh balls. Nom, nom, nom, nom.It's not as fancy as some of its neighbors but its great food at an affordable price with wonderful service. Hoping it's around for another 20 years.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,9/4/2013,25,127,7,10,5>Okay, so I'm not a huge fan of writing five star reviews if I've only visited a restaurant once, but Greek Grill Cafe has won me over.Went here for dinner with the handsome Enoch C. and were seated immediately even though the place was really packed. We ordered the pita and hummus for an appetizer, which was brought out within a good 2 minutes or so after ordering it and it was piping hot. Plentiful amounts of veggies (tomatoes, lettuce, green peppers) were included alongside the pita. And the hummus. Oh dear god. I am not even a big fan of hummus and this was insanely good. One of the waitresses even informed us that it's handmade in the back by one of their staff. Awesome awesome awesome.For my main course, I got the vegetable wrap. Oh yes, crazy, I know. I'm so adventurous. I wasn't expecting too terribly much because you can only make vegetables exciting to a certain extent....OR CAN YOU??? Ask the people at Greek Grill Cafe, because I'm sure they would object to that, and so would I. Because my wrap was out of this world good. It was filled to the brim with mushrooms, feta cheese, peppers, tomatoes, all sorts of goods. French fries were also included, which really deserve just as much praise as all the other foods I ate. Sadly, I couldn't finish my entire meal so I had to box that bad boy up and take it home. I'm happy to report that it tastes just as good re-heated as it does when it's fresh. Can't really say what my food-partner-in-crime's gyro tasted like, but let me just say I have never witnessed a man so happy to be eating food in his entire life. Haha.Service was just as pleasant as the food. Water was kept refilled the entire visit and all the employees were smiling and happy to help. I was soooo tempted to try the baklava but I'll save that for another time (which, I hope, will be sooner rather than later). You pay your bill up at the front, where a precious old man rings you up and compliments you and bribes you to take their free chocolate. I don't normally take candy from strangers but when he tells me that I'm in good shape and deserve a piece of chocolate, I will listen and do as I'm told. Atmosphere is cute, no frills, really no other word for it. They definitely went 100% with the Greek theme, with the murals of the country painted all over the walls. Parking is a little fussy, they have their own lot but when it's busy, it can be a little cramped but that's probably the worst thing you'll encounter here because literally everything else is phenomenal.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,12/2/2013,28,24,2,8,3>I was excited that this came to my area! I checked out the new location this past Saturday night with a few friends (6).I really like the new location! Much bigger interior and more accommodating to medium sized parties. The menu isn't fully functional yet but it seems like it will be much larger and varied offerings as opposed to the Carytown location. I ordered the "Wellington" (see photo) burger and was very pleased with the slice of blue cheese (so much better than crumbles) and burger was cooked nicely. The gravy was not what I typically expect to get with a meal - it was much better! I recommend if you enjoy a sloppy burger with cheese ;) Oh, and def try the ginger beer for something different and refreshing!Pros:-Much bigger interior-Bigger menu-Gluten free options-Neato New Zealand beer selection-Casual diningCons:-Fries are ordered separately.-Parking is a little bit of a hassle in this location - not much different from Carytown, tough.-It's quite loud inside, the acoustics are this way in an open room.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,12/1/2013,4,36,2,4,2>Ventured to PostBellum on a Friday evening.  The restaurant was certainly full, but we were able to get a table right away.  I had the Kim Chi burger, which was delicious.  The meat was cooked perfectly and the kim chi gave it the right texture and flavor.  My wife had the duck bahn mi sandwich, which was also delicious and properly prepared.  Our other guests had the cabot burger and tofu bahn mi.  Although I did not have a chance to try them, they both proclaimed they were delicious.  Although the selection is more limited than some other places in time with regard to the sandwiches/burgers, they were very good.  The only down side is that the burgers do not, for the most part, come with a side.  They are served with some greens, but that is about it.  We split the pork dust fries between 4 of us.  It was a bit of stretch, but the frites, plus the burgers seemed to fill us up.  If either the frites were a larger portion or the burgers came with a substantive side, I would have given them five stars and thought this was a better deal.  Service was great and love the open concept and decor.  We will be back.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,11/30/2013,109,52,2,3,3>Okay this place rocks! Finally made it in on a Saturday afternoon for a midday meal and was pleasantly surprised by the lively but laidback atmosphere. We tried two savory pies and two sweet pies -- one pork chili verde, one spinach/potato/bleu cheese, one slice of sweet potato pecan, and one slice of "no derby" (chocolate, bourbon, and walnut). All were fantastic. The savory pies are the perfect size and served hot right away so there's the instant gratification factor. The sweet pies came up quickly too and were pretty big slices -- enough to share (if you're feeling generous).The staff was great and there was a decent amount of seating for the fairly small space. Prices were around $5-7 for the savory pies and $4-6 for the sweet ones. They also had ice cream, baked desserts, and little knickknacks for sale. Definitely worth a trip to Church Hill no matter how far away you are!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,11/29/2013,88,97,2,2,2>Wow, I haven't reviewed the Camel yet...strange. The Camel is one of the best bars and locations for live music in the city. Their food is great and not even for bar food. Staff is always incredibly accommodating and the sound from the stage is quite possibly the best in the city. I've played here many times with various bands and the drink and food specials they give to band members is astounding. I'm always stoked whenever I get the chance to play here because I know I'll be leaving drunk and full, both in my stomach and in my wallet. Well done, Camel. Well done.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/28/2013,15,54,2,3,3>I take them back to 5 stars after my previous four star review.  I went back to the now 23rd and Main Taproom (previously Sette) and loved it again.  My first return after they went through the reconstruction I wasn't pleased with the service and the loss of my favorite appetizers. This time it completely redeemed itself.  Great service, a really good cocktail (cant remember the name, but kind of like a mimosa with strawberry and mint added...yumm).  And the big winner of the fifth star: HOLY CHEESECAKE!  I had never had dessert on a previous visit but this time I decided to give the cheesecake a go, and it was the BEST cheesecake I've ever had IN MY LIFE.  Somehow they make it seem more whipped and light and airy.  Instead of a graham cracker crust it's a nutty delicious manna from heaven crust.  Please try it....just promise me you'll try it.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,11/27/2013,41,140,2,2,3>Can not wait to go back to Pasture. We went here for lunch and no one was sitting inside (everyone was out on the awesome patio under these apple green umbrellas, because it was a beautiful day), but I am addicted to temperature control so lonely inside it was. The space is very pleasing, with cool low booths, a beautiful bar, nice casual woodworking and cool tones all around and very high ceilings. The food and service were both fantastic. I had a great roast beef sandwich with coleslaw, the guy had the hamburger (I was jealous, they were both good but it was a GREAT burger) with fries (excellent. I am picky about fries. These were golden, crisp and perfectly salted). We started with the pimento cheese, which is hard to mess up but I have had some places mess it up. this was the classic. Served with Ritz. I can see myself enjoying some drinks and snacks here for sure, but I can't wait to hit it up for dinner. SOON.Also, had the kid with us and they brought out crayons and let him color on an old menu. (side note, the music was actually good. New Wave.)
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,11/26/2013,196,211,2,6,4>This is a great place to get a haircut! I believe it's a much better place than the Sportclips not to far from this location. It's very quiet here and peaceful. I get my haircut from LeighAnn. She's wonderful! She always does a great job every single time. She's been my hairstylist for almost two years now! The staff here is really nice and friendly. What's cool is that you can look up a specific hairstylist's schedule for the week on their website. That way you don't have to call every single to see if your preferred hairstylist is working that day. This place is not really crowded with people. I've probably seen it crowded once or twice, but it's really rare. Definitely recommend this place!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,11/25/2013,291,238,2,8,2>First love the fact that they open early on Sunday.  Great spot for coffee and breakfast on a Sunday morning (or any day).Both my wife and myself ordered the Grilled Asparagus Egg Sandwich.  This was on a knot roll (which was killer), tomato and havarti cheese.  This was a great breakfast sandwich.  In combination with a mug of strong coffee this was a killer combo for a meal.  I know I will be back many more times for the same meal!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,11/24/2013,79,79,,4,2>I'm bumping up my star rating to five, because I've really grown to love this place. The staff is ALL wonderful. Everyone smiles and talks to you, and the service is attentive. I've tried several dishes on the menu, and have never been disappointed.The lobster hush puppies are a win as are the fried oysters. Actually, last time I was there I got two order because they're THAT good. Plump, briny, perfectly fried and that fabulous green goddess dressing they make.I've tried the lobster roll, and while YES, it was $15, it was easily 1/2 a lb of lobster meat, dressed beautiful on a classic buttery bun. Not an everyday, but perfect that ridiculously hot summer night where you NEED to eat something cold and delicious. Yesterday, I went for brunch and ordered this portobello mushroom stuffed with gruyere, breaded in panko, fried and then topped with asparagus, poached eggs and chive hollandaise. I'm usually a meat girl but this was AMAZING... and I was happy I tried it.The little one had some french toast.. usually berries (especially blueberries) in restaurants tend to be chalky and kind of gross... the berries on the french toast were plump, juicy and BURSTING with flavor. WIN!We also all tried the maple sausage corn dogs... basically maple sausage, dunked in pancake batter and fried... Cannot go wrong.I've also recently tried some sort of Philly Cheesesteak pizza which was tasty and perfect for absorbing all the Dogfish Head 60 Minute we drank.Overall, a guaranteed tasty meal and fun atmosphere.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,11/23/2013,57,69,2,2,2>If I lived closer, I think I'd have to walk all the time to balance all of the baked goods I'd get from here. WPA Bakery stole my heart with its caneles but the recent paquets (ham and cheese, apple, cinnamon!) in addition to the mini banana cupcakes just took me to the moon. I love the selection that constantly changes and I've yet to try their ice cream but the donut ice cream sandwich or a WPA float sounds like something I need to add in my life. The bakery itself is on the same corner across from Dutch and Company and has this welcoming and comfortable feel. Staff always provides excellent suggestions too if you don't know what to get but when it doubt, get it all, right? :)
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,12/24/2012,6,24,3,5,4>Best lunch in RVA yet!Ordered the Crispy Oyster Roll and Beet Salad to split with a friend.  Both were exceptionally well put together using fresh ingredients.  The bread on my sandwich was just out of the oven.  And the oysters?  Kill me-they were so good!  Add bacon, lettuce, tomato and their garlic aoili and it just doesn't get much better!The Beet Salad was a great compliment to the oyster roll.  The acidity of the 3 different kinds of beets (rainbow, golden, and traditional) balanced the heavy, rich oyster roll.  The walnut-crusted goat cheese paired well with the beets as well.  My only suggestion is to it it with a heartier green.  It was served with micro greens, but I would have loved to see it with arugula!The waiter was very personable, knowledgeable about the menu and wine, and the service pretty fast.  If it's shady, sit outside-best people watching in Carytown!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,12/23/2012,19,79,3,3,2>Just in case you couldn't tell by the other reviewers comments....You really have to go to Nicks your missing out. Best Chicken Sandwich in town (the perfect hangover cure) and they will customize anything for you. I used to live 2 blocks away and would go about every other day (not always from a hangover). They also sell portioned containers so you can take home a few lbs of chicken salad or any other goody they have and make them yourself. Not to mention the neat salsas and European goods in the store.  My favorite part ? Ordering my sandwiches from the guy behind the cafe counter and him giving me a hard time about adding cheese and what kind of bread, although I almost always got the exact same thing (chx salad with cheddar on wheat).. He is a true comedic. Nicks is a Real Treasure! Don't forget to look behind you when you order at the historical pictures of Nicks! such a COOL place! Love Nicks!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,12/22/2012,2,7,2,7,4>What can I say? I've been regular at the Taphouse almost since James first opened the doors and I could not begin to count how many hundreds of nights I have sat and sipped pints here. Please do not ever call this a bar. It is a proper pub. In fact, it is the only proper pub in the Fan. James, Sean, and Matt are some of the nicest guys you could ever hope to meet.They don't have the best food in town, and on a busy night, it won't fly to your table. But just you settle down, drink yer pint, and enjoy your friends' company or a chat with new friends. There is absolutely no pretense at the Taphouse. If you want pomp and circumstance, Robinson street has plenty of other bars you might prefer. But if you want a great beer selection, the greatest staff in the Fan, and a place you will strive to become a regular of, "Ye Olde Taphouse" just might be for you.I have seen many staff (and friends) come and go over the years but James and "the regulars" have managed to keep the atmosphere intact for nearly two decades. I have made many good friends while my butt has made a permanent impression on those chairs.While the food may not be the best overall, there are some real surprises on the menu. If Matt is cooking, the ribs will be some of the best you have ever tasted. That man knows how to make some ribs. Honestly, anything Matt cooks is going to be great. The "Taphouse burger" is legendary for good reason. It's probably the best, no-frills burger in Richmond. None of this fancy blue cheese or other crap only the French would dream of putting on a hamburger. It's a real damn burger. With beef. And cheese. And lettuce. And tomato. And just the right amount of char so it tastes the way a burger is supposed to taste. With real fries, none of those pencil-thin chain burger joint fries.And you can't call yourself a proper pub without fish and chips. But they also have shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, and lots of other pub favorites done the way they should be.They also have weekly specials on the chalk board when you first walk in.I knocked off one star only because it can get pretty loud in there sometimes, but otherwise one of my favorite places in the city.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,9/15/2012,12/21/2012,105,649,,6,5>UPDATE:I believe this place is under new ownership because the last two times I've ordered from here, the food has been very greasy and not very flavorful.  The portions are still plentiful but it's not really worth ordering such greasy food.  It's a shame too, because for a while there it was my favorite place to get takeout from..._____________________________________We get takeout from here often, it's our go to place.  I used to like it when it was Mama Wok, but I think I actually like their menu more now... I can't wait to try the dim sum!This is our go to place because...1. They deliver within a 3 mile radius.  And yeah, I live within 3 miles.2. When I call to order, they know who I am, and they have my address on file.3. When I order online, I get 15% off.  And it's convenient.4. The food is consistently good.5. Last weekend when I got my food, it came with a free dessert.  HOW NICE!This place is a keeper.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,12/20/2012,53,268,2,3,3>You know what, "The Boo" is just like your favorite pair of slippers.  It is comfortable, the drinks are always poured very heavy and the cast of characters is like something from "Saturday Night Live"  You like dark wood?  Check  Intimate surroundings?Check Character?  Check  A Place in Richmond's Bar and Restaurant History?  Hell yeah!Not only does it have all this going on, the food is always consistently tasty, served quickly, and the nightly specials are always way more impressive than one would think a kitchen so small could turn out to such high standards.  The crowd turns quickly so there is always something new to observe and it is sometimes just a great hideaway from all those things that have made "Modern America" so sterile and, well, just uninteresting in general.  From the corner location at the top of the fan to the storied history, good eats and strong drinks, everyone needs to take a ride on "The Boo".
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,12/19/2012,26,25,5,6,5>I'm fairly certain this is the best Pho you can find in Richmond. A few tips:1. BRING CASH!2. Yes. It's a house. Go in anyways.3. Try the coffee -- its an experience.4. Embrace the creepy decorations.There you go! Now don't miss out on this quirky standout in RVA's saturated vietnamese dining scene.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,12/18/2012,129,78,,4,1>Love this little gem. I actually didn't even know it existed until a co-worker pointed it out. It's above Bangles & Beads and has a cute little outdoor patio as well as indoor seating. Great spot for lunch. I got the panini caprese - mozzarella, portobello, and tomato between olive oil-dusted grilled ciabata. Choose a side between fries, potato salad, apple slaw, pasta salad, or for $1 more - soup/salad.Coworkers got everything from a turkey melt, to burger, to grilled cheese and tomato soup. No crumbs were left behind!I also perused the happy hour menu which includes 1/2 off drinks and $5 appetizers 4-6:30. Not too shabby. Good beer and wine list in addition to cocktails.Daily Specials:Mon - Singles Night - Extended Happy HourTues - $15 and $20 Wine BottlesWed - $10 off Bubbly BottlesThurs - Trivia 8-10pm, $3 Off PitchersSat - $2 Mini DessertsSun - Industry Night Specials
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/17/2012,43,83,2,2,2>I am what some might call a cupcake "addict'. So when I moved to Richmond, I made it a priority to try all the local cupcake shops. Pearls was the perfect find!  The cake is moist, icing tasty and the cake to icing ratio is the best! I have tried the gluten free cupcakes as well as the regular and they are just as good! Everyone must try these. There hours are not perfect for those that work full-time but that is probably a good thing for my sweet tooth!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,12/16/2012,26,54,2,6,5>Holy cow. Amaaaziiiiiing.  The atmosphere is beautiful. It has a charming tin ceiling, black and white movies playing on the wall and an overall warm and inviting feel. We went with a large group and they were more than accommodating of our situation. The service was wonderful. We ordered lots of apps or "meze" as they are called and I was almost in a food coma before my meal even arrived. I'd highly recommend the feta phylo and anything with tzatziki, I could eat it with just a spoon! For the main course I ordered the pastichio. The portion was huge, and was just as good the next day for leftovers. However, the best advice I have for anyone going to stellas is make sure to save room for the chocolate hazelnut baklava for dessert. It's pure heaven.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,12/15/2012,13,65,,3,3>This place is recently made over as EAT Oregon Hill - used to be Pescados China Street. Not sure what the full story is behind the change but I do know one thing - the food I ate here was amazing!  There is a wide variety of seafood on the menu but there was totally meat and veggie options for those who are looking for them.Started with the crab cake fritters - delish. They also brought out popcorn and soft pretzels for the table. I know this sounds crazy but they were both so great - the rosemary salt sprinkled on everything was ON POINT. I debated between the fish and chips and the fish tacos - eventually choosing the fish and chips because I am not a fan of black beans. The fish and chips were some of the best I have ever had with a vinegar glaze and awesome yucca fries.I got to try some of my tablemates seafood enchilada (definitely ordering next time) and tried some of the coconut black beans that everyone raved about. They were so good I have now changed my opinion of black beans forever. Ok - it can't all be a rave - the desserts were not great. A little dry and not very flavorful.  Just fill up on their delicious apps, popcorn/pretzels and seafood and you won't even be thinking about dessert!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/12/2012,53,268,3,3,2>I have gone twice.  Number one, they have an AMAZING manager who keeps that place running like clock work, thanks Michelle!  Atmosphere is fun and the place is clean, sleek and has just enough design interest to not be boring.  It is open, high ceilinged space with a large central "family style" communal table.  There are booths around the perimeter and a large bar anchoring the wall.  This is a "New Zealand-inspired Gastro Pub"  The name is BurgerBach ( pronounced "BATCH")  Bach coming from the NZ slang for "beach house" or "second home" usually small and built with found objects.  So, in keeping with the theme, the meat is from NZ as well and a variety of beers are served on tap, most not available elsewhere in town.The menu is small consisting of a few different burgers, chicken burgers, salads and a variety of home made sauces ( which include standards like ketchup and mustard)  I had both chicken sandwiches and they were both excellent.  The fries are pretty amazing as well there are two sizes and the small was plenty for two of us.  The burgers are thin patties.  Since I am on a "diet" of sorts I didn't have one here but my friends liked them.  I personally like a fat burger but the combination of toppings, sauces and freshness really make up for that here.There are mussels, shrimp and  oysters are hauled out for happy hour from 4-6pm.  Rumor has it they hit the nail on the head with these options.There is a small outdoor dining area right on Thompson Street ( not the best spot in town but still offers an outdoor option)I am a big fan of free refills and with the prices of the food being on the high side it would have been nice to have that option.  Sodas are "craft level" but the regular cock products exists in bottles.   Be warned.Overall it is a twist on the typical burger shack in an upscale direction.  It won't set the world on fire with anything new, but the consistency and freshness of the product will make it a staple for many.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2012,8/11/2012,58,23,3,5,3>Why I like James river winery.  It's close by. (just reread that and it makes me sound like a wino!)   Need something fun to do on a weekend?  There is normally something going on here.  It's in a weird location - off Route 5 and next to a golf course, so it's not like a lot of the wineries you go to in Charlottesville as far as location but I still think the ambiance is good.  There is an expansive lawn and tables and chairs to sit on the side of the tasting house and also balconies upstairs as well.  I have never been here for just a tasting in the middle of the day but I have been to 5 tasting events here and I can't think of any reason not to give those 5 stars.  There is always plenty of parking and the area is always clean.  Something I find with some wine tasting places is the glasses seem dirty - even though they are supposed to be brand new!  Not here!  Also they have a good variety of wines and the prices are fair.  Little secret if you go for a tasting ladies - there is another bathroom upstairs :) as we always seem to have a line..  The chamborcin is my favorite and it sells out all over Richmond, so if you find a wine you like here - buy it here!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,8/10/2012,105,649,,9,4>Dixie picks up an additional star from me simply because it provided me with the means to have a Donut Taste Test at work.  For $13 we got one of every kind of donut, and in our half hour session we were able to try 11 of them- here are the (very scientific) results:Amazing FlavorsStrawberry Balsamic- KILLER- great strawberry flavor, the balsamic is just a background note, could have been a little more intense, but love it nonethelessDelicious Indian-inspired donut with rose water and pistachios is also a winner in my book.  It's not soapy like rose water desserts can be, and the pistachios were sprinkled with something salty and savory (Curry maybe) that was awesome.Cinnamon bun- YES GURL- the caramel on top was thick and creamy, and the nut topping was great.Ok FlavorsRaspberry cream cheese- fruity and creamy- if you like fruity donuts you'd like thisAztec Chocolate- this one was saved by the nuts on top- otherwise it was just like a plain chocolate donutCappucino- would be great with milk or coffeeVirginian- this is the donut equivalent of a sweet potato pieDulce de Leche- too much salt on top, otherwise it'd be amazing...Flavors I Wouldn't Buy AgainPeach Cobbler- not a fan of vaguely fruity donutsOreo Cookie- boringGerman chocolate cake- boring and a little dry*flavors we didn't get a chance to try: Chocolate PBJ, Old Fashioned, Sprinkles, and plain Chocolate
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/9/2012,4,21,3,4,3>This place is delicious and that's all there is to it. I've never had something that I wouldn't order a second time. If it's your first time, order the ribs or the BBQ sandwich. Mac and Cheese is awesome, as is the potato salad. Their sweet tea is actually pretty good too, which is saying a lot coming from someone who grew up in South Georgia! Don't be surprised when you walk into a tiny tiny place. The restaurant is small but there are plenty of covered outdoor tables if you just can't deal with the small amount of space. There is also a new location out on Broad Street that is much larger. If you're a BBQ fan, you'll be glad you checked out Buz and Ned's. And if you're not a BBQ fan, this place might make you one.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,8/8/2012,88,97,2,5,5>Great place to see a show! I've seen Streetlight Manifesto and They Might be Giants here and both times I was thoroughly impressed with the sound guy's talents.  Every instrument was balanced and it wasn't so loud your ears were bleeding.The layout of this place deserves to be mentioned as well. They have it laid out so that there's not really much congestion at the bar or at the merch tables. That's a big thumbs up for me as I can't really stand to be in the middle of a bunch of sweaty concertgoers. Oh and there's a back door for all you smokers as well! Definitely try to catch a show here. The decor is fancy and the sound is great. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,8/7/2012,98,280,4,11,5>You don't get *just* a haircut here, you get a full spa experience.  I normally don't care but so much about getting my hair dye touched up.  It's just something I do, personal maintenance, if you will.  At Mango it was a luxury service.  The atmosphere is very bright, clean and relaxing.  I was greeted promptly and they told me that the makeup artist was doing free makeovers and consultations.  They gave me a tour of the studio that ended by the changing rooms and lockers so that I could get changed into the smock they provided and then put my top and purse into one of the (locked, free) lockers so that I didn't have to haul that stuff around with me.  The girl who gave me the tour prepared a tea and left it with a little biscotti for me in the waiting room while I was changing.I was chilling out so much that I didn't notice when Melvin, my stylist, walked up to me.  He had to say hello a few times before I really processed that he was talking to me.  We had a nice consultation where he brushed out my hair, studied my hair color and gave recommendations for what we could do to fix a recent snafu from another stylist.  We chatted amiably through the process and he never rushed me, even though he was running out of time before his next appointment, due to the seriously gigantic volume of hair I have.I have a pink streak in my hair.  Mango doesn't have a pink color but Melvin really went above and beyond the call of duty to find a mixture of their existing Aveda dyes that would come out pink.  He asked all the other stylists their opinion and even texted the "master stylist" who was off that day to see what he thought would work.  The color ended up being lavender.  A very attractive lavender though, I really liked it.They sat me in a small area to the side to let my dye take and I read some magazines.  I was offered more refreshments while I was waiting.  When it came time to wash the color out the shampoo girl was really nice.  She took her time and gave me a full scalp/neck massage AND a hand massage.  It was really nice and very relaxing.The problem: I got a serious sticker shock when I went to pay.  With tip for Melvin and the shampoo girl the haircut was nearly 200$.  My check book is crying.  It's a total spa experience and what you get is definitely worth the price, it's just not a price I can afford.  I got a discount because I was referred by a friend and they gave me a coupon for 10$ off the next time I'm in the salon but still!  I don't think I'll be able to go back.Oh! Parking is weird. There's a very small lot out front that was full when I was there.  I had to pull into the jewelers next door and park in the back of their lot where there are a few spaces for Mango.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,8/6/2012,67,18,2,2,2>I must admit i have never entered Sidewalk Cafe in the daylight hours.  I promise this is on my to do list as i have heard good things.  As a place to drink your night away this is a must stop...usually one of the last places I will hit as it is best known as "The Last Last Call In Richmond".  The staff is always fun and the people are always entertaining.  End your night out on a high note here people!  You can be getting your last drink as you watch everyone else already walking home since their ending bar of choice already kicked them out.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/5/2012,31,57,,3,3>The Village Cafe excels at the most simple of dive bars. There's no flashiness or lots of bells and whistles to distract from the core of what it's supposed to be. If you're wanting and expecting good service along with good food and classic drinks, then The Village Cafe definitely delivers. Some say it has a hipster feel to it, but even I'm not a hipster and I felt right at home being here. The bartenders are cool and easy to get along with and not pretentious at all. People of all kinds can come in, order, enjoy their time, and leave feeling better after having dinner. They have TV's by the bar and are willing to the change the channel if you don't feel like watching what's on TV. You might even get a nice conversation from both the bartender and another guest next to you. I think the feeling that there's no one trying too hard in there that really sells from this restaurant. I highly recommend it to anyone.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/4/2012,35,47,6,5,5>Oh Peter Chang, thank you for coming into my life and fulfilling my need for delicious, delicious chinese food!  You are a man among boys (in the Richmond chinese food world anyways!).Everything I have ever tried here has been absolutely scrumtious!  My particular favorite is the bamboo fish - flash fried white fish with a spicy and super yummy coating of cumin and chili peppers cooked in a beautiful bamboo basket!  If that doesn't sound darn authentic, I don't know what does...One of the best experiences I had was going with a really large group of friends (Lauren C. and Dan H. included).  We each ordered a dish and shared - it was enough food for an army, but somehow not a speck of food was left at the end!My one wish is that this place was closer to me so I could order takeout every single night for the rest of my life!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,8/3/2012,44,25,,4,4>I love this place because I felt like I was back in Miami! They need to open multiple sister restaurants!I made reservations for me and my husband during restaurant week. I was very pleased with the first impression of the restaurant and the hostesses were very friendly. The hostess immediately offered to hang our coats...I wasn't used to this being a Miamian. We sat at the bar while waiting for our table. It did take a while for a bartender to notice us which was getting a little irritating. But once we ordered our drinks and manged to grab two seats, the bartenders were very attentive. The drink menu was very creative but unfortunately I did not try one of the inventions.... next time I will! After waiting about 20 minutes, we were escorted from the bar to our table. Again, it took a while for our server to come to the table. The food was perfect... perfect portion, perfect seasoning. I think I overheard the menu changes every month... correct me if I am wrong! So if that is true, then I will definitely be going back for satisfying food and perfect ambiance.I don't want to put down the service, it wasn't horrible, nor do I want to use the excuse that it was restaurant week... but that was the only downside to our experience.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,5/1/2014,268,143,1,9,6>I was craving Indian food so of course I scrolled through Yelp! A lot nearby had 3 stars with not so pleasant reviews while others were more fine dining that didn't open till 5. Ahhh! Must I settle for so-so mediocre?! Homegirl just wants a quick fix! Still not giving up in my search, I then came across Darul Kabob and remembered my Bangaldeshi friends raving about this place...even the yelp reviews sounded familiar...ghetto looking kind of place that serves up amazing Bangladeshi, Pakistani and Indian cuisine. Quickly, I ordered for pick-up! The gentleman on the phone was very nice and attentive with my orders. He mentions each order also came with a huge piece of naan as well as basmati rice. Happily, I devoured everything clean alongside with my paneer dishes!Food tastes delicious and fresh, I will certainly be back.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,4/30/2014,61,189,3,10,7>Holy moly, this food is good!  I recently ate here with a fellow Yelper and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was the first time here for both of us but I'd read the Yelp reviews and talked to a few people at work; my expectations were high.  It was a Tuesday and we arrived around 6 to a 10-15 minute wait.  TIP: Their policy is to wait until your entire party has arrived before they'll seat you, since they're likely trying to turn tables as any busy restaurant would.  I never felt rushed though so it seems a fair rule.I had read they make their own Buffalo hot sauce so definitely wanted to try the Buffalo shrimp. They were outrageous!  It was a good appetizer portion but I could eat a full platter of these gems. The shrimp were a good size and cooked perfectly.  And that sauce with just the right amount of heat....damn good!A co-worker and some Yelpers had recommended the shrimp and grits, which I was anxious to try.  I've eaten this dish at many local restaurants and it's usually a good test meal for me. Croakers wins, hands down!  Instead of just dropping 5-6 shrimp onto a pond of loose grits as some places do, Croakers gives you a meal.  The shrimp are cooked with peppers, mushrooms and onions in a deliciously-flavored sauce.  Combine that with the big piece of corn bread and a giant scoop of cheesy grits, and you'll be pleasantly full.  My only issue (and half-star deduction) was that the shrimp were a slightly chewy from overcooking. The staff was friendly but our service was slow at times, which is the other half-star deduction.  I'm sure I'll be back and be able to revise this review upward.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,4/29/2014,55,162,3,8,5>If I'm still salivating over that delicious Malaysian-style ramen, then Foo Dog is a great...nay, awesome...place. We came on a beautiful day allowing us to enjoy the sunshine out on the petite deck. The inside was just as lovely with booths and small tables around. The place simply oozed...freshness. My hat goes off to the attentive staff, great atmosphere, check-splitting and adorable touches such as the jars of water. Now the food.MUST GET Malaysian Style Ramen with Chasu pork ($9 + $1 for a soft-poached egg) - a big bowl filled with a perfect blend of curry and seasoning plus chewy (NOT soggy) ramen noodles flown from NYC (not sure why this is important, but it is). Add on a well-cooked soft poached egg and I'm in food heaven. The pork is flavorful. Should you choose the shrimp, they apparently come 4-5 on a stick.There really is not much to complain about. The kitchen may have forgotten to add an egg into one of our dishes, but otherwise, service and food arrival times were decent. Street parking was fairly easy to find and the area is fun to walk around. Will have to come back for more ramen fixes and other so-called street foods.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/22/2014,4/28/2014,79,79,3,5,5>I love this place. Staff is super friendly, I always feel like I'm at a family member's house.My family and I have been twice and enjoyed it both times.The first time I had a burger and it was cooked perfectly medium, which is rare. The beef was tasty. My daughter had spaghetti and loved it. We also had mussels, and I had to ask for more bread so I could soak up all the delicious broth. My other half got the oyster po boy and it said it was pretty good.The second time the boy and I drank a couple of beers and got the mussels again, but they seemed a bit smaller. I also got the fried artichoke hearts and LOVED them. So tasty. We also noticed we were close to closing time so we ordered dinner to go. I couldn't resist the meat loaf mountain which is bacon infused meatloaf made with single-source grass fed VABlack Angus ground beef piled high on wheat toast with a potato pancake, mushroom gravy, thick sliced grilled tomato & caramelized onions. served with vegetable of the day. It sounds ridiculous... and it is. Enough for the two of us to share, and DELICIOUS.Overall, this is one of my go to's when I want something simple, tasty and want to go somewhere comfy.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,4/27/2014,84,184,2,10,6>Located a stone's throw away from VCU, Chow House offers unique sammie options that have the potential of becoming Richmond classics.  Our group thoroughly enjoyed: The Betty (Korean beef with pickled veggies - similar to Vietnamese banh mi), Fried Oyster Po' Boy (the crispiest oysters I've ever had and the bread was perfect - this one rivals po' boys found in New Orleans), and the B.L.T.&A. (Bacon, Lettuce, Fried Tomatillo and Avocado - love the tomatillo twist for the "T").  Sammies also come with a side; my kale salad was yummy but a little heavy on the sesame dressing.  Don't forget to ask about their weekly specials and seasonal bread puddings for dessert; tried a DIVINE white chocolate bread pudding with salted caramel sauce - please make that a regular menu item!Staff is incredibly friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  Prices are slightly high but remember that you're getting quality ingredients.  This place isn't large so I'd advise rolling in with a smaller group.  Oh yes, they also have breakfast items until noon.  So they serve breakfast, lunch, dessert AND they run the Food Network on their TV?!  Check, check, and CHECK.  Super stoked about this new place, can't wait to return and try the rest of their menu.  I can already tell it's going to be a regular go-to spot :)
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,4/26/2014,106,26,2,10,4>Delicious! Let me start by saying if vegan/vegetarian food was cooked like this all the time I wouldn't mind turning in meat for veggies! We came here for lunch on a Sunday after work, around 330. It was very quiet and dimly lit. We were seated right away and looked through the menu. From the yelp elite event that Anna T. Invited me to, I picked most of our meal because I was able to remember how good the sampling was! We got the fried mushrooms for appetizers, Thai teas made with soy milk, their imitation Kung pao chicken, kale, and their initiation general Taos chicken. The food was great! The mushrooms tasted like fried shrimp. My friend who was hesitant about eating vegetarian thought they were delicious. Nice and crisp and not too oily. The Thai tea with soy milk was good, although I'm used to it being a bit sweeter, it was still good. The Kung pao was my favorite! I love the crispy water chestnuts that were in it. His favorite was the general Taos nuggets. He couldn't even tell he wasn't eating meat. The texture is a bit different but the flavors are great. The owner is very nice and friendly and so was our waitress. Definitely look forward to coming back for another meal.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,4/25/2014,143,40,,7,3>Tres Macho is a welcome addition. It's a bit hard to locate but well worth the search.  Right across the street from the Chesterfield Town Center. Caesar and his brother have done a great job with sharing the family recipes. We just had their Molcajete Macho.A blend of beef, chicken, shrimp, poblano, onions, pineapple in a delicious pasilla sauce. It comes sizzling in a big clay pot and is plenty for a couple.  It rocks, definitely on my repeat list.Also a fan of their Chili Relleno, it's done right and simple. Although I prefer it without the sour cream.Give them a try, find it and you won't regret it.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/24/2014,126,171,1,11,6>Can you say, "YUM!!"? This place took me by surprise. That little area down there is definitely starting to step up their food game with places like this one. My friend James and I went here for a dinner to catch up with each other and we were impressed. We started out with the sausage dip and moved on to the spaghetti squash and Venison meatloaf entrees. We were definitely not disappointed in any of the dishes. The dip was tasty and appropriately sized - we were able to get a nice snack before dinner and not be too full to eat the main course. This is definitely important for me. The dip itself tasted really good - it was hot and seasoned very well. I honestly could have that for breakfast daily! The Venison meatloaf was tender and cooked surrounded in bacon. It came with a side of greens and macaroni and cheese - definitely a southern inspired comfort meal. The greens had a good flavor, the pasta was al dente and cheesy, and the star of the meal (the Venison) was juicy, flavorful, and wonderfully cooked. The spaghetti squash dish was lovely - the spices were perfect and the vegetables that were sauteed in with the squash were cooked perfectly - not too hard, not too soft. The white wine that they used in the dish complimented the root vegetables absolutely enhanced the wonderful flavor. I'll absolutely go back again!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,4/23/2014,57,54,3,8,6>You guys - THIS place. Really though, this place is amazing.We had put off going here for the longest time. We definitely wanted to try it, read many rave reviews of the place and food but honestly, we have had so many experiences here in Richmond where the Yelp reviews and word of mouth have been glowing for a place - and then we get there and have the worst time ever....so we really didn't want to be disappointed.For my fella's birthday we went and had an AMAZING meal. Not only was the service friendly, helpful and just generally fantastic but the food was out of this world. We ordered way more food than we could finish (had some delicious leftovers, needless to say) and each dish was better than the last. We had a pretty good mix of spice-levels and smaller and larger dishes and each was thoughtfully prepared. Not only that but while each dish was 'spicy' each type of heat presented a new flavor profile. So it wasn't just that everything was "hot," everything really tasted great.We will go back and I honestly cannot wait.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,4/22/2014,4,9,2,7,5>I think this is probably my favorite pizza that I have found in the Richmond area.  Everyone has their own preference for pizza! Thin crust, coal fired - lots of topping options.  I'm not a big meat eater, but I do recommend getting pepperoni & broccoli as the toppings - good pepperoni here!  The summer salad with cantaloupe & mozzarella is always good.  It's definitely big enough to share.  My husband loves the scallops w/ gorgonzola appetizer.  Everything we've tried on the menu has been good. It gets crowded at dinner on the weekends, so plan accordingly.  The tables by the bar are not the best seating option - so we always make sure to get a table in the dining room or if weather permits, the nice outdoor patio.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,6/10/2014,36,104,4,7,5>Great flavor, huge portion & love the atmosphere. My husband and I came here for lunch and we were a little scared at first because the interior was really fancy looking and we were dressed for shopping. We sat down and the server was friendly and brought us menus and drinks right away. We ordered crab Rangoon for appetizer, it was delicious. I ordered Pad Thai & my husband got Drunken Noodle. We got wonton soup with our order and it was very flavorful. Some places just give you broth with some wontons, this soup had a hint of spicy and was really great being it was freezing outside! The portion size of my pad Thai was huge! I had enough to take home and have lunch the next day. My husband devoured his entire plate without a sound, which is a compliment from him because he is really picky! We will definitely come back :)
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,6/9/2014,245,1116,4,7,4>Stopped in for lunch today and got the roasted red pepper soup and Oysters Rockefeller salad.  The salad was delicious.  The soup was pretty good... lacked something to make it less tart, but it was still pretty good, especially with the touch of goat cheese foam.Service was great.  As soon as I walked in, I was shown to a table, and a waiter followed shortly after.  Waiter was friendly but not overly so, and knew when to check on me.  Kinda interesting that there were NO women working... all hipster cool guys with tats.  Price point seemed about right.  Excellent beer/spirits menu!  Geez, this may be my new spot for drinks.  What a whiskey selection!  They even have a "Burn" menu for cigar lovers... and a designated smoking section.  Pretty sweet if you're a cigar person.My only beef (pun intended) are their somewhat limited menus.  Today I wanted soup and salad for lunch, but tomorrow, I might not.  Or a sandwich.  Then I'd pretty much be out of luck.P.S.  Mac and cheese is NOT a meal!  It's a side!  Why are restaurants doing this?
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,6/8/2014,68,266,2,7,4>So this place is within two miles of my new job so If I am craving sushi in South Side, this will be my go to place. The service here is very good. The waitresses were very friendly and polite, and so were the Sushi Chefs. It's a tad small in the inside but had a simple decor to it which I appreciated. They also have a few tables for outdoor dining arrangements.I got the Salmon Spicy Roll and the Dragon Roll which is an eel roll with avocado on top and eel sauce. The roll itself was a little bit on the smaller side but that wasn't a big of a deal but worth mentioning. It was served at room temperature which is how I like my sushi. Salmon roll was delicious and tasted fresh. The Dragon roll on the other hand was just okay.. The eel had a little bit of a watery taste to it not sure if it was PF or not.Prices were pretty average for about $5 for a basic roll and $10+ for the specialty rolls.SN: I am not sure if it's understood that a hand roll means 6 or 8 sushi pieces but I only got 6 pieces of each roll here.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,6/7/2014,69,336,1,7,4>Not much to look at from the outside, but what a joy for the tastebuds (and the wallet).For our Friday night date night, DH and I decided to check out Greek Cuisine, which is very convenient to our house.   The place is small, with about 8 tables for dine in customers.  We were warmly greeted when we arrived and were told we could sit where ever we liked.   The menu, while not extensive, did cover all the bases and had a few nice surprises.  I opted for several appetizers for dinner - Avgolemono soup, tiropito with tzatziki and hummus with pita.  DH opted for the gyro platter, which was served a side greek salad, rice and green beans.   I thoroughly loved everything I had.  The Avgolemono soup had a wonderful consistency and the right amount of tang.   Their tzatziki has to be the best I think I have ever had - thick, creamy and so much flavor.   DH cleaned his plate, so he obviously enjoyed his meal as well.   The small staff worked hard to make us a wonderful meal.  Their take-out did a brisk business the whole time we were there, so it looks like Greek Cuisine must be very popular in the neighborhood.  Good.  I hope they continue to do well because I certainly plan on coming back.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,6/6/2014,132,195,3,6,4>One word. Yum! After trying to find flavorful Indian food since moving to Richmond I found this place on yelp. So far we have had bland, not worth the price, horrible customer service, and were feeling a bif defeated. Seeing so many 5 - star reviews cemented that my husband and I needed to try this place. We ordered the Chicken Jalfrezi and the Cauliflower Manchurian with naan to complete our order to go. Once we arrived to pick up the food we saw the place was closed for a private event but was still accepting take out orders. When we got home we were surprised that we got rice even though we did not order it. What a welcome surprise. The Chicken Jalfrezi was perfectly spiced and bursting with flavor. The Cauliflower Manchurian was tasty as well. Basically if you are a fan of sweet tasting dishes order the Cauliflower Manchurian. I am so happy that we were able to find a tasty Indian restaurant and look forward to going back for more dishes.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/5/2014,246,313,4,10,5>Great lunch place. Reasonably priced, friendly staff and tasty food.This place is tucked behind IHOP. They have a good selection of lunch specials priced between $5 and $7. I had the shrimp fried rice. It was cooked to order right in front of me. There were a lot of shrimp in it and it tasted good.Next time I will try the fish. It looked fresh and smelled good while they were cooking it. For $5.99 you get 3 large pieces of fish, fries and coleslaw.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,6/4/2014,89,171,9,14,12>I haven't had the honors to visit Sugar Shack's original location yet, so when this location opened literally a 4 minute walk from where I work, of course I'm going to check it out.--Donuts: The donuts here as others have mentioned are the fluffy variety as opposed to the dense cake style donut.  In my opinion, every good donut is a fluffy one, so this fits my preferences perfectly.I went in the morning and was brought to a full spread of flavors.  The young lady at the counter went through the entire case for myself and a couple other patrons, which was well appreciated because there are literally over 20 flavors.  There are glazed, frosted, powdered, and plain donuts with all sorts of frosting, flavors, and topping combinations. The variety was actually quite impressive for only having this location open for less than a week.With my fiancee and I in mind, I purchased 2 Strawberry Glazed, 2 Cinnamon Sugar, 1 Oreo (Vanilla frosted with Oreo pieces), and 1 Chocolate Frosted.  They have some unique flavors like strawberry coconut, maple bacon, and different candy toppings.The Strawberry Glazed was an immediate favorite and differs than every other strawberry donut I've had in the past.  As opposed to being a strawberry / vanilla frosting like Dunkin Donuts, Sugar Shack's variety is more of, as it sounds, a glaze.  There are also pieces of actual strawberry in it, which is something I can always appreciate.  The Cinnamon Sugar donut was also superb and true to the variety everyone knows and loves.Flavors aside, the quality of the donut is fantastic.  Plenty of donut shops fall into the category of their donuts innately falling flat, drying out, or not being fluffy.  Sugar Shack's donuts are exactly what any fluffy donut lover desires; large fluffy donuts that aren't greasy or dense yet provide that delightfully fried soft doughy consistency and flavor.  They're filling but not heavy and large but not overwhelming.  They're damn good.As the name indicates, they also have an extensive coffee and beverage selection, but I passed as I'm not a coffee person.--Cost: A half dozen was $8 and some change.  A bit on the higher side, but I have no qualms paying that for a good donut.--Atmosphere: This location has a very hip atmosphere.  There are wooden tables on the interior and the decor itself is plain yet modern.  If you picture in your mind a place that a group of hipsters would want to eat donuts at, this is it.  I wouldn't consider myself a hipster by any stretch of the term, but it's inviting and I love it.--Service: I commend Sugar Shack for employing the three members that were at the counter today.  Each of them knew their menu items and was super pleasant.  Fitting along with the Atmosphere, they also seemed pretty hip.--Overall: In my mind, Country Style has always been my RVA Gold Standard place to get a donut.  That hasn't necessarily changed as Country Style offers delicious donuts as well, but Sugar Shack has my approval.  My approval, my recommendation, all of it.  Great and hip atmosphere, great staff, and great donuts.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,6/3/2014,52,70,7,10,3>Locally sourced beef cooked to perfection. I can't say anything bad about this place. I've had all their veggie dishes, which are amazing but when I found out about their whole beef situation, I almost peed my pants. The owners have a grass fed beef farm......boooooooooom. That was my head exploding. So I tried the corn-beef hash, easily the best in the city, then I tried the beef and cheese plate, also incredible. What really blows me away, like a million miles away and turns me into a savage cave dweller, is the burger. The seemingly regular hamburger will trigger  your animalistic survival brain switch and make you into a uncontrollable wildling. I understand now why people started to like hamburgers, I was never a fan before now. WOW. ::::faint::::
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/2/2014,207,132,3,4,4>FINALLY made it in here, after driving by for eons, each time saying to myself "one of these days ... " - well, that day finally came last week, when I had a brown-bag lunch event across the street.Synchronicity!Tiny place, and even though it wasn't yet noon, it filled up in the 10 minutes I sat at the bar waiting for my takeout order. Lovely setting, I particularly like the cloth wraps they have on the power cables feeding their light fixtures. Nice touch.The menu is a choice-challenger - I ordered a cup of soup (carrot-dill that day) and an insalata di bistecca, and totally won lunch at my meeting. The soup was delightful, with a touch of creaminess in the carroty broth. Lovely balance of flavors. The salad was pretty perfect, too: fresh greens, a bit of red onion, some carrot chunks, and a toss of gorgonzola crumbles under some very tasty sliced sirloin. I'll be hitting this little gem again. That Mediterranean Short Stack is calling my name ...
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,6/1/2014,54,120,3,6,4>Friendly service and freshly made delicious pasta. It was my first time so I asked what were the popular items and was directed to the marsala, carbonara, róse. I ended up getting the rose becausE I think I've tried the former two somewhere before. Next, you choose the type of pasta and I asked if you can do 50/50 because I wanted to try different ones and she said sure so I got spinach pasta and roasted garlic. The garlic tasted better but spinach looked cooler bc it was green. Then you decide the cut you want, how thinly sliced u want the pasta. I like it thick so I git the fettuccine cut. While waiting for them to prepare, you can actually watch them using the machine making pasta from scratch. Inside dining area small so you might want to do take out. But I think this place deserves 5 stars becausE of friendly staff, fresh ingredients, and tasty pasta with creamy sauce. U guys are awesome!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,1/31/2014,120,34,6,9,5>Fresh pasta, wine and good company? Yes please!I ordered the chicken rose herb pasta which was presented in a circular tin foil container... such modest presentation for a full flavored meal.  You'll get semi-large portion sizes, about half a pound of pasta per dish. Although it's more of a to-go type of place, the service is amazing. The super friendly and down to earth workers will definitely make me a regular.OH! A little cherry on top, I love that I don't have to worry about parking, they have a private lot.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,1/30/2014,5,39,12,12,6>In the two and a half years I've lived in Church Hill, I take Main Street through Shockoe Bottom to get to my job, so I see the area's evolution.  I was intrigued when the dark, brown-awninged building that once held the 1800 Club started transforming into a bright, teal-awninged building to be named Sweet Teas.  "Restaurant?" I thought hopefully.  Oh, yes, indeed, restaurant.  If I drove by on weekday evenings or weekend afternoons, it was always well-populated, a good sign.  Last Saturday after a long week my husband pointed our SUV in the direction of Millie's.  Not wanting to sit outside on a cold day and seeing my opportunity, I suddenly said "I wanna go to Sweet Teas!"As has been noted in other reviews, patrons are greeted with a cheerful "Welcome to Sweet Teas!" upon entering.  It was kind of latish, after one, but there was still a good crowd.  We were seated promptly and our server, Gavin, was with us almost immediately.Sweet Teas is a good old soul food diner despite the airy pastel dining room.  If you like soul food--AND WHAT SORT OF WEIRDO ARE YOU IF YOU DON'T?--there's nothing on the menu that you won't know and you will agonize over what to order because everything sounds so tempting.  First, drinks.  Yes, I know a place called Sweet Teas does iced teas very well, but ... well, I'm not super-crazy about iced tea (although the descriptions of the peach tea intrigue me).  So we got homemade lemonade served in a Mason jar.  It was great, not too sweet or tart.  I ordered the day's special of drumsticks and fries while my husband got the fried fish with collard greens and yams.  On a whim, my husband also ordered onion rings as an appetizer.  Hey, we don't do fried food that much so why not go all out, right?  The batter-dipped onion rings were phenomenal--too hot to handle at first, absolutely amazing when we could.  Then came the entrees.  I've gotten used to rather small pieces when I order fried chicken out.  These drumsticks?  Were HUGE.  I'm positive Oven Stuffer Roasters are chopped up to make Sweet Teas' fried chicken.  Better yet, they were delicious--perfectly seasoned, moist to the bone.  The fries were fine.  My husband raved over every bite of his meal.  But I must tell you about the mimosas, since no one else has mentioned them.  We were winding down when we noticed Gavin coming around the bar with a lovely pitcher of mimosas, the pitcher rimmed with sugar and decorated with strawberries.  We were fascinated by this, to the point that I decided to order one.  Out came my sugar-rimmed strawberry-garnished glass.  I took a sip, and that innocuous-looking orange liquid slammed into my brain like a MMA fighter.  It makes Millie's Evil Keevil rum punch seem like Hawaiian Punch.  It is delicious.  It is LETHAL.  Shane, the owner, laughed in delight when she saw my reaction.  "We don't mess around with the mimosas!" she said proudly.  My husband didn't believe me until I let him sample it.  I had a stomach full of fried food and my alcohol tolerance is normally high, but I had a legitimate buzz after finishing the mimosa.  If you get a pitcher of these, either have a large group to share them with or be able to stagger back to your place, not kidding.Of course the Health Police will snipe that eating here will clog your arteries, but not everything on the menu is fried--hell, you can even get a salad if you're so inclined.  The meatloaf looks fantastic, and I saw an old standby that my southern-raised mom used to make and I haven't had in ages--rice and gravy.  Prices are very reasonable too.  Sweet Teas is an awesome addition to the growing amount of good places to eat in the Bottom.  Just watch out for the mimosas ...
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,1/29/2014,291,238,7,10,9>Its now been 19 trips (there were more but I was so consumed with donuts that I didn't check in) and this is still the top donut/coffee spot I have been too!I have traveled to Chicago and DC for competitors and I still come home to Richmond to enjoy the best!  Sugar Shack's amazing dough sets it apart first; its flaky, soft and delicious.  Second are the amazing taste concoctions that the team puts together.  My favorites are the Brown Sugar Cinnamon, Samoa, Plain Chocolate Glaze.  However, I have never had a bad donut here (trust me I have almost tried them all - the darn cherry coke eludes me its my Eleanor!).In addition to the great donuts is the awesome coffee they offer and really cool staff.  I am huge fan and I will continue to spread the word!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,1/28/2014,57,69,,11,4>My husband and I went to Max's on Broad early on Saturday before seeing the Nutcracker. As big fans of Tarrant's, we wanted to see what their next restaurant would be like and we were not disappointed. The location is hidden off of Broad and automatically you can tell the appearance and decor of the restaurant is a perfect fit. Also to note that there is valet parking if you hate finding parking anywhere near Broad St.Because we arrived before 6PM, we were able to get a seat immediately in the upstairs floor where there are large windows that provide a lovely overview of Broad Street even during rainy weather. By 6PM though the whole restaurant was filled with guests. Our favorite waiter from Tarrant's, Russell was there to serve us tonight, confirming we made the right choice.Drinks were the Ommegang Take the Black for my husband and their rosewater lemonade for me. The rosewater lemonade was so refreshing and unique from anything I'd tried before. We had to do an appetizer of their poutine, which is as authentic as it goes with thick cut frites, perfectly melted cheese curds, gravy, truffle oil, and crispy pork belly. We could have ordered some salads and the poutine and been sufficiently satisfied. For our entrees, my husband had the cousselet, which is duck leg confit, pork belly, sausage, white beans, braised kale, and fried sage which puts the meal together. I have to say that my 8 hour Belgian beer braised short ribs won me over though with ratatouille, truffle whipped mashed potatoes, and jus. The short ribs fell off the bone and the portion size was perfect, leaving me plenty to take home. The price point for this restaurant is higher than Tarrant's due to the quality of the food for sure but I do love the Belgian inspired menu. Even Billy Bread served at the table ensures that this place knows what it's doing and has plenty of staying power. I'd recommend coming here again for both a casual meal or a special event.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,1/27/2014,93,171,4,6,3>Being 7 months pregnant, I was definitely concerned coming here for a birthday dinner on a Saturday.  I mean, I'm all about a crowd having some drinks and enjoying themselves, I'm also all about avoiding them.  Luckily this place seemed pretty tame at 6pm (I hope a little rowdier as the night moves on).We were able to get a table for 5 without a wait - had we come in about 15 minutes later, I don't anticipate we would have as much luck.  There was 1 waiter for all (maybe 8) tables, who seemed a little taxed with everyone coming in and ordering at about the same time.  I have a feeling that must not be the norm.  I also can see how adding a second waiter isn't a preferred option in such a small space.After browsing the menu, I was very excited to see that there were plenty of options for me to eat (add gestational diabetes to the limited options being pregnant offers you and you will understand my holiday cookie season hell).  I decided to go with the roasted duck that came out rare, even though I asked for it well done.  The waiter took my meal back and got it recooked for me.  I didn't actually receive my entree until after everyone else at my table finished their meal.  As a kind gesture, he didn't charge me for the meal.  The food was delicious, and everyone else in the party really enjoyed there's as well.  There was a lot of excitement for the grilled cheese sandwich (who knew?), so don't let the child's menu option fool you, it is definitely grown up!  The whiskey menu is extensive, and pricing has a wide range for all budgets.  I can't wait to go back when I can sample some of the namesake.P.S. Food is upscale, do not expect to pay bar food pricing or you'll be shocked.  The price is definitely in line with the quality food you receive.P.P.S. If you pay with cash, they will take the tax off of your bill.  I believe it ends up being a 10% discount or so.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,1/26/2014,3,20,3,6,3>My American Eskimo loves running around there, and I love that he comes home completely sapped of energy after our visits. The other reviewer covered most of the basics, but I'll add this cautionary note: be aware that the park is unsupervised (at least, it has been the past 3 times I've been there) and as such, you'll see some rule-breakers at the park. So far, I've seen a person bring in an un-neutered male (which irritated my dog so much we had to leave), a violent dog who attacked several others (none seriously, and the other owners in the park made that person leave), and assorted rude dogs who hump other dogs' faces and pick fights. I should note that the rule breakers usually don't stay in the park long due to peer pressure from the other owners, so their occasional presence isn't enough to warrant a negative review on my end or even a lost star. However, I do think those who own skittish or small dogs should be aware of the possibility that these unwelcome dogs may be there, and would be wise to make a survey of how the dogs already in the park are behaving before bringing their dog in.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/25/2014,21,129,3,4,3>I was fortunate to score a coveted Sunday Champagne Brunch reservation during the Christmas season thanks to an ice storm. We had a seating at 11 AM. We showed up at 10:45 and were seated promptly. The decorations were phenomenal and really gave us the "Christmas spirit." My lovely fiance and I were greeted by a very kind and attentive waiter who explained the layout and ensured our drinks were never empty. There was an omelet station, breakfast line, waffle station with cherries jubilee!, a carving station, a seafood station, a salad station, and lunch station. Phew! That was a lot. But so was the amount of food! I ate an unbelievable amount because all the food was amazing.  Everything was delicious, but I did make one rookie mistake, i ate a piece of bread that was not very good and really, who goes to an all you can eat brunch and eats bread?! What a rookie mistake. We topped it off with delicious chocolate covered strawberries and some chocolate mousse from the dessert station located under the tree! This is a brunch that shouldn't be missed and all Richmonders should try this once during their time in Richmond!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,1/24/2014,15,205,4,6,4>While it's possible to walk past, smell the woodsmoke, and Be hungry... Never let it be suggested that one might order food here and go home hungry.Gracious.I and a friend, looking for a light lunch, ordered the duck and arugula salad [the plate it was on was bigger than my head] and the nachos [these came on an even larger platter] to share. Both were delicious and we were both stuffed -with- leftovers to take home after. Ridiculousness. Wonderful ridiculousness.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,1/23/2014,149,84,,7,6>The other night I was having one of my chocolate cravings, and I decided to get my fix at Shyndigz. My husband and I got the Kitchen Sink and their Chocolate Salted Caramel cake. Both were delicious, but the salted caramel was the winner for me. The kitchen sink was very good, but I think I expected it to taste a little differently. Shyndigz is undergoing a little rennovation, but they will be open again by next weekend. They are making a few small improvements, like a slightly larger seating area, and putting in a chalkboard (instead of their whiteboard). They already have a really nice decor here, and I'm sure these changes will compliment it perfectly. This place is perfect for many different occasions. It's great for catching up with girlfriends, and also great for dessert after a date. I would come here for a birthday as well. You can also order your dessert to-go, if you'd like.They have a wide array of cakes to choose from, not to mention their selection of pies and milkshakes, which seem to change slightly every time I come. All the cakes I've tried are huge, and can easily be shared. I haven't had a bad cake yet, but some are definitely better than others. I suggest ordering a few slices, and splitting them :-) Service could be a little friendlier here, but it's not bad by any means either. This is an area where almost any restaurant, has room for improvement though, so I don't fault them too much for it. Definitely come try this place out, as It is sure to become one of your favorite dessert spots :-)
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,1/22/2014,27,63,5,7,6>A lot of fun and a lot of work! I am not a cycler, but I was taken by a storm and thrown into the cycle mix with some fun music, low to dark lights, and lots of movement. I sweated my hair out and I had just got it straightened for Christmas. What was I thinking?!? Aside from the curses I threw at my friend  (in my head...too tired to talk) for pulling me into the class, I thought it was a fun class...afterthefact and most importantly I survived! So, I hope I didn't scare you but instead encouraged you to know that this is tough but fun workout and if you haven't tried it yet... you should go at least one time.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,5/11/2014,86,78,8,8,3>2 years ago: OMG! Boka takos are my FAVE!!! Must chase their food truck arond...1 year ago: OMG! Boka takos has a restaurant! They're still my fave and I only have to drive to Regency to have them!1 month ago: OMG!!!!!!!!!!! BOKA HAS A LOCATION IN THE FAN! MY DREAMS HAVE COME TRUE!So as you can tell, I'm a Boka fan through and through. That will never EVER change. Ever. I am absolutely elated that they are now located so close to me! (I live downtown-ish so this is perfecto).We went on the night they had their soft opening and it was great! We sat at the booth, Nate was our bartender, our beers were cheap and delicious and of course the food was aaaaaaamazing. I always get the same thing from Boka because...you know...yum. The gauntlet - all with tofu. The gauntlet features 3 types of tacos: mexican, american and asian. While the asian is most definitely my favorite - all three are really amazing. This time I also tried something that I've A) never seen before and 2) didn't think happened in real life. Two words: Crab. Rangoons. Yes, I said it. While I absolutely adore the ones that come standard from any Chinese restaurant - these aren't those. These are huge, crispy/fluffy fried pillow pockets of gooey, crabby GOODNESS! I took one bite and my eyes came out of my head like they do in cartoons. No, that's not an exaggeration. (ok, maybe a little). Everyone should go here. Everyone should love Boka. Everyone. However, when I show up - everyone should slide to the side so I can have a place to sit down and eat. Bottom line: Boka makes moufs happy.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,5/10/2014,3130,648,5,11,5>I've been to Jamaica House numerous times over the years. I recently stopped by for a quick lunch during the week. The restaurant was very busy around noon. During peak hours, expect a wait unless you call in your order ahead of time (recommended if you're in a rush). I usually order the same meal every time (pepper steak with rice and cabbage). I'm a huge fan of their pepper steak. The meat is tender and seasoned very well. The cabbage is cooked to perfection. The pepper steak blends well with the cabbage and rice. It's a no brainer for me to get limeade. Jamaica House limeades are flavorful (not to sweet or sour). It's very refreshing to drink limeades on a hot day in RVA. The restaurant is very small (a few tables). It's more of a takeout spot in my opinion. Parking is hit of miss depending on the day and time. The service is usually fast and employees are polite. Jamaica House is a good choice for Jamaican food in Richmond.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/9/2014,54,6,3,8,4>It is so nice to live in a neighborhood that supports local business with full enthusiasm.  It makes me proud to live in Church Hill.  After a long waiting period for Sub Rosa to reopen their doors, my wish has finally materialized.  There is something magical about it, honestly.  Whether it's how I'm greeted, always with a smile and a hello or it's the light that shines through the window or it's the aroma of fresh baked goods, Sub Rosa always delivers.  I enjoy coming in for my morning Lamplighter coffee that complements my buttery croissant.  I commit a sin every time I eat a chocolate croissant...my derriere knows it.  But, I love that I can work that off by walking just a few blocks to indulge myself with a read and a savory prosciutto, arugula, and  mozz panini.  Lastly, you can bet if you sit in that window seat long enough, you'll be exchanging words with a fellow denizen.  So, if you are looking for a place to sit and relax and feel welcome, then you want to be at Sub Rosa.  If you want to satiate your love of baked goods or maybe you want to take a nice Light Rye as your contribution to a friend's dinner, or you want to start your day off right, then Sub Rosa is your milieu.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,5/8/2014,14,9,3,5,3>Everything about Hardywood is 5-star worthy.  The food trucks, the music, the atmosphere...and lest I forget - THE BEER.  I'm standing in line for the Gingerbread Stout Pre-Release as I write this review.  I came here for the release of the Chocolate Heat and left with a lovely tingle on the back end of my throat from the amazing blend of chocolate and jalapeño.  If you are EVER looking for a great place that just makes Richmond, come to Hardywood!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,5/7/2014,291,238,2,8,5>I am stunned at how many times I have driven by this place and never stopped.  Why its taken me this long is beyond my understanding.  If you drive by this place and haven't been here yet its time to go!I came here for lunch on a random work day. Walking the place is clearly cut as an upper-end finer dinning steakhouse.  Our group was the exact opposite of the decor in every way however, the staff never made us feel like we should of eaten at McDonalds instead.  We got a great table outside to enjoy the weather.I ordered the Ultimate Burger.  At first glance when it comes out it falls on the smaller or petite side.  Do not like this smaller burger fool you!  This burger is amazing!  Every bite you get reminded that there are hints of Andouille Sausage mixed with the beef patty.  The soft roll bun was good but not very memorable compared to the burger itself.  You get your pick of toppings too; I had mine with bacon and cheese.  Worth mentioning is that the fries are also killer (I haven't met too many fries I don't like).Great experience and rock solid food.  I recommend signing up for their e-Club via their website to get chances at their coupons and promotions too!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,5/6/2014,15,205,2,3,2>Now where does one go if you want good food that won't break the bank, at nearly nine in the evening? Most cheap little places close, only bigger restaurants with bars staying open late enough to guarantee an unrushed meal, but we didn't want big, we wanted small, without being stuck getting fast food.Garnett's is perfect, as it turns out. It certainly doesn't qualify as big, indeed the building itself is a sliver tucked into a triangular spot where the road turns that has barely enough room inside for the bar and a small collection of tables. The entrees- all sandwiches with a handful of salads available for the greens-happy- are all under 10$, but unlike the average sammich shop, they also have a decent selection of wine and beer to go with your food. Not that you need wine or beer, mind you. Sure we had both- my friend ordered the chocolate stout, which was excellent, and I had a glass of a nice muscadet but in retrospect, we should have just ordered glass after glass of the mint lemonade- made in house, the stuff is absolutely to die for.We started with the salmon plate, a make-your-own dish of sliced brown bread, lox, capers, tomatoes, and sliced red onion arranged around a good-sized serving of their Benedictine spread, which is mostly cream-cheese and cucumber. After demolishing that, we shared a delicious Louisville Hot Brown and a salad nicoise- huge and tasty, though I'll confess to regretting not ordering the Croque Garnett the second I saw her LHB covered in cheese and mornay sauce. Obviously I have to go back, no? We wrapped everything up with a slice of lemon chess pie- good but kinda floury- and a piece of the hummingbird cake- also good, very banana-y.So yes- going back for more sammiches and gallons more of the lemonade, no question.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/5/2014,31,303,3,6,6>Flawless meal, start to finish. The classic, new American higher-end menu reflects the restaurant's relatively established reputation in the Richmond food scene, compared to the new comers that have more recently made names for themselves with less traditional, more from-the-soul offerings. That said, Acacia could be dropped in the middle of Manhattan and go toe to toe with the big boys. Starting with appetizers, the fried oysters are generously portioned and balanced acid with fat beautifully. The fish soup and the Korean beef buns were both well done, but neither was a game changer. For main courses, the Tilefish's delicate flavor was well respected, opting instead for big texture with wonderfully crisped skin. The crab cake, which was hardly cake and more a generous like a helping of jumbo lump meat with a hint of seasoning, was stellar, and the rockfish was the winner of the night, which couldn't have been better suited than for a cold January night. The only downside was the dessert menu, which didn't have anything on it that jumped off the page (read as: nothing for us chocolate lovers beyond something with milk chocolate). That said, we don't feel cheated by any means. This will absolutely be put on the short list for Richmond's Best in our book.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,5/4/2014,33,57,2,7,4>My boyfriend took me here for my first time and I am officially in love. We usually like to ask our waiters what their favorite thing is on the menu and our waitress suggested the pad Thai. I wanted to be adventurous and try something else but since she works here and said it was delicious I got that and so did my boyfriend.The boyfriend and I also got some appetizers. I ordered the steamed pot stickers, and he ordered I think, the fried beef. They were both delicious more so the beef especially if you love sriracha sauce. When our food came out, which was very fast by the way. It looked delicious. I got mine with chicken and medium spicy and the bf got chicken but American hot. Mine had the right kind of spice, I still got a little kick but it wasn't over powering. My bf on the other hand, he can handle really spicy, but he was kinda dying. He still enjoyed it but when he tried mine he said he should of gotten medium. This place is yummy and really small and cute. It's perfect for a date night cause you can get some yummy food and walk around Cary on a perfect warm night.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,5/3/2014,314,746,3,6,5>Yay, REAL BAGELS!!! For those of you who don't really know me... I've been trapped in the tundra for a few years and we had ZERO bagel places. We didn't even have a Einstein or dunkin smh. Anyway, I digress. So I like this little place. Clean, unassuming, nice quick service. I got an egg & cheese breakfast sandwich each time & both were delicious and the coffee is pretty good too. Best part is, large coffee & bagel sandwich will run just under $5. What a steal! Yum, grab a quick breakfast here. You'll like it!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/2/2014,22,146,2,8,4>Run, don't walk, to Lunch!We opened the door to the restaurant (10:30am, Saturday) and were immediately thrust in the thick of a breakfast run at Lunch. This place has a diner feel, with plenty to see everywhere you look. It's tiny but it somehow avoided feeling cramped. We were greeted immediately by a cheery waitress, and there happened to be a single two-top waiting for us in the middle of the room. Perfect. I got so excited looking at the menu, and that hasn't happened in a while. I was already making plans to come back before I even ordered my breakfast. What we ate/drank:Mimosas at $3.50. 'Nuff said.Mint Sweet Tea. Holy crap this is amazing. My husband ordered this, and I don't care too much for ice tea, but this might be my new favorite drink. In fact, I probably need to try to replicate this at home!Trainwreck. The biggest biscuit I've ever seen. Crunchy on the outside, soft and buttery in the middle. Topped with homemade pork sausage patties, scrambled eggs, american cheese, and dat sausage gravy. Best ever. Huge portion, could not finish. Shredded-style hashbrowns were just alright. Love that they came loaded with peppers, but I need mine to be a bit crispier and these were too soft. Shredded Beef Benny Special. Shredded beef over texas toast. Topped with Eggs over easy and bacon hollandaise. This was my hubby's dish and he loved it. I had a bite and thought it was delicious.I'm gonna come back again and again and again. Reasonable prices, affordable dishes that I wouldn't think to make on my own, good service, great specials. Oh, they're currently renovating the space next door (to be called Supper.) so expect more to come from these guys.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,5/8/2012,7,21,2,5,4>This shop just opened in the VCU uptown area. The clothes are hand-selected by the owner, Lynsi, and all have a unique appeal. The store is open and organized, so you don't have to dig through crowded racks to see the clothes. I feel like she's already done the work for you and picked out the best items. I normally get overwhelmed when I go shopping because there's just too much stuff, but not in Pieces. It's just the right amount to have a good selection but not have too much to have to look through. I wanted EVERYTHING when I walked into the store, but there were more items for small sizes. I'm 5' 10" and size 10 / 12 so there were just a few items for me, but many items for sizes 4-8. The jewelry and accessories here are amazing as well. So unique and stylish without being too trendy to the point where you will have to throw it out next season.There are awesome men's clothes and accessories here as well. Great shopping for yourself, your friend / boyfriend. Unlike other discount / consignment shops, this doesn't feel like a closet threw up into the store. The clothes are clean, in great condition and well organized. You're getting quality items if you shop here.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,5/7/2012,213,48,3,5,6>One of the better dining experiences in downtown Richmond. The service is first-rate, the menu is wonderfully creative, and the food is wonderful.  Set in a beautifully restored space with very high ceilings and windows that open to the street, this is a white linen tablecloth kind of spot. It's a bit difficult to hear one another because of the space and the fact that it is always busy. And why not?  There are some very inventive and unique items on the men, especially the seafood choices. Great salads and appetizer, too, and the desserts are great. The clientele is definitely the old Richmond crowd.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,5/6/2012,4,13,3,4,4>My wife and I recently went to The Blue Goat with some friends who were in town visiting. It was great! We started with Forest mushroom ragout with mascarpone polenta,  pork rinds and pomme frites with pork dust.The mushrooms were uh-mazing! The sauce was so delicious I could drink a cup of it. The polenta was perfect and creamy. The fries were great too, but I think the aioli could have used more garlic and lemon. The pork rinds too were good.We then had the fried pig ear and goat croquettes. The pig ear is a must try! With the hash and duck egg, I could eat this for breakfast everyday. None of our group had eaten goat before and it too was good. It has a rather strong, earthy flavor to it and I thought it went well with the Beschamel.We then had a smoked, pulled pork with a tomato sauce and a sweet breads special. The pork was good, but none of us could detect any hint of smoke in it. It would have been great on a sandwich. We told our server that it was good, but not smokey and she replied that she had heard that a lot. I didn't see it on the menu today, so I think they take constructive criticism seriously.  I had never had sweet breads before so I ordered those as well. One of our friends didn't want to try them, but did after much peer pressure. She didn't like them, but sweet breads aren't for everyone. I thought it was a good take on chicken fried steak. The service was excellent. Our server was attentive and honest. This place is great for a group to try a bunch of new things. It's reasonably priced too! It ended up being about $15 per person. We can't wait to go back!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,5/5/2012,42,131,2,4,4>I really really really like this place.  I had never been here before until today.  I will be back!The one reason I went is because it seemed as if the restaurant was new and it had the word "Pho" in it which immediately attracted my attention.  The service was excellent and the Pho was very delicious.  By far, the best I've had in Richmond.  (I've been to almost every Pho place in Richmond)It was very clean in the restaurant and after looking over the menu, I noticed that all of the prices were very reasonable.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,5/4/2012,4,21,4,5,4>Not going to lie, I love some Chicken Fiesta. Lots of people are skeptical when you tell someone where it is and then say it's called "Chicken Fiesta" but they are missing out if they don't give it a chance. Went for lunch recently and had the classic quarter chicken meal. Get the fried yucca. You will be glad. Very affordable and I have never had anything bad here. If the shopping center scares you, get it to-go or consider them for your next catered event.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,5/3/2012,93,10,2,3,3>I stumbled on this place for brunch and it was a great little find.  The staff is very friendly and it's got a great vibe.  They have specials in the evening and I'd like to come back to try those.  It's upstairs so if you have trouble walking a lot of stairs this place might not be for you but once you get up there it's great.  The music choice was odd but it somehow fit.The food itself was good. I had the Eggs Florentine with the side of fruit.  It was just enough food for me (small plate) but some of my neighbors had much larger plates if that's what you're going for.  The waitress talked up the blueberry muffin so I thought I'd give it a go.  I regret that.  It was small and nothing special.  Tasted like it came from a mix.  The outside was glazed if you like that sort of thing.  Overall I would recommend this place for brunch.  It's a great place to get away from the traffic of Carytown.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,5/2/2012,29,46,4,5,3>I will never order a cake from Martin's (Ukrops) again. As a matter of fact, I just went in and bought myself my own birthday cake from here. Popped open the box and ate a piece before I even had a chance to share. A big, fluffy cake, strawberry filling, and whipped icing that isn't too sweet. All of the other baked goodies are delicious as well. My daughter got a pink/chocolate cookie (sorry I don't know the Spanish name) and she loved it. Everyone that works here is no nice and friendly. I agree with what Kristen H. says. Hit up Chicken Fiesta first, and head over to the bakery for dessert.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,5/1/2012,7,13,3,4,4>From my experience, ethnic food in RVA can be hit-or-miss - some restaurants seem to shy away from bold flavors for fear of offending the Western palate, which is a shame.  I'm happy to say that Basili's exceeded my highest expectations.  it's ambiance is refreshingly laid back.  As you walk in, the guys doing the cooking are standing behind the grill, ready to greet you warmly.  (Everyone there actually seems to multitask and work cohesively.)  There are photographs of the entrees leading up to the register.  The menus are laminated and neatly lined up for you to peruse.  I ordered, then picked a table.  The young lady at the register brought me my food.  I had the Greek Pikilía I.  Tzaziki, hummus, kalamata olives, warm pita wedges, spanakopita, tiropita, dolmades (served either warm or cold), feta drizzled in olive oil, and a small salad of cucumbers, onions, and tomatoes.  (Guessing this has a name, too.)  It was savory and bold and everything I had hoped for.  The tzaziki alone was worth the visit - tons of garlic, but so well blended with the other ingredients that I had to think before I could figure out why it was so delicious.  I should probably have picked some up to go.  The spanakopita wasn't actually all that great, but I'm thinking it was a fluke since everyone else on Yelp seems to love it. The signs ask that you clear your own table, but the lady who brought me my food kindly cleared it for me.  They only accept cash tips, so I left a few dollars in the jar at the register....where they have a dessert case.  Ordered a slice of baklava to go. They drizzled it with a little bit of syrup before it was boxed up.  It was a very generous piece - easily 1000 calories.  Awesome!    It had cinnamon in it, which was a pleasant surprise.  Highly recommended.  Looking forward to trying other things on their menu.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,4/30/2012,8,134,4,4,3>So far everything has been excellent. Similar kind of edgy Southern as The Roosevelt. The bourbon drink Jewell-Up (it is not a mint julep) is exceptional -- dangerously so -- though if you order before the regular bartender starts at 5 the fill-in might not know how to make it. If you are on a budget, stop in for a couple of the appetizers or the items listed as "snacks." Any of them (fried oysters, deviled eggs, mac n cheese, a johnny cake "taco" that is nothing at all like a taco but very good) are like small plates. Sunday brunch gets very crowded very quickly, and when the room is full it is very loud.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,4/29/2012,2,18,2,9,6>Wow. Dot @ Refuge for Men is really not your typical barber. She educates you, entertains, and delivers a FANTASTIC haircut. The goal is to enter relaxed and to leave even more relaxed and looking good to boot. Having just moved to RVA from the DC area... I was clueless on where to get a haircut. My trip to Refuge was a first try to find a new place and now I can confidently say that the search is over. No matter your age (great for KIDS too!) or hairstyle Dot will give you what you ask for. Barber cuts, stylist cuts....whatever you need. Full service barber/stylist with a background in medicine is an awesome combination. She really understands the hair on your head, how it grows, and how it reacts to chemicals.Did I mention she has a flat screen wall mount, any ps3 sport game you can think of, a fish tank, comic books, leather seats, mags, and vintage superman stuff? It's not all thrown about either. This is the ultimate "men's salon". If your a regular customer, she hooks you up with perks and exclusives. If you're looking for something miles above "Supercuts" without the $50 haircut price tag...do yourself a favor and see Dot. Her site features online scheduling that is so so easy.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,4/16/2013,21,129,2,5,2>This place might have my holy grail huevos rancheros. Seriously, it was perfect and delicious without being over-filling. I've also had the bruncheladas and while they weren't my favorite, they were very good. The mexi-burger is insanely flavorful, but sadly mine was a tad dry. I tasted the pot roast poutine and that was awesome. Where has that been all my life?! The atmosphere is awesome so I really hope everyone keeps going here so it stays. Anyways, try this place ASAP. Things I didn't care for? Didn't like the hashbrowns because they tasted undercooked. Anyways, still a must try place!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/15/2013,79,79,3,7,2>Quite possibly one of the best meals I've ever had in Richmond.We wandered in a little before 8 PM on a Friday night. The gentleman asked if we had a reservation... we did not. They pretty quickly accommodated us. The decor and atmosphere is intimate and relaxing. We sat at one of the high top tables, but I'm not sure how I would feel about sitting so close to another party at the banquette. It was REAL cozy over there.We started by ordering a bottle of red zin and listening to the mouthwatering specials.They brought out a lovely little amuse bouche of pink lady apple, soy caramel (YUM), and house made granola. It absolutely served the role of amuse bouche.. a quick little bite that leaves you dying for more.We ordered a couple of small plates and a couple of medium plates. First, oysters prepared four ways. I don't remember all four ways, but the preparation with the lovely little mignonette and the one with the Texas Pete and oyster cracker were amazing. So good, we ordered another order of them with just two of each of those.Then, we had the mushroom and marrow on toast. It was topped with these wonderful sweet caramelized onions. I mean, I'm good with scraping marrow right out of a bone, but the salty, earthy, smoky flavor of the marrow and mushroom and the tartness of the onions was a pretty marriage.We also had a nice meatball dish that was on special. The flavors were surprising and delicious.Finally, we go the chocolate braised beef short ribs with custard and rosemary shortbread. So good, we ordered another plate of this, too. The beef is perfectly braised and tender, and we couldn't stop gobbling up the sweet and savory rosemary shortbread.The service was impeccable. We never felt rushed, nor did we feel like we were waiting for food. The pace was perfect, our server was attentive without being overly present. Everything seemed to flow perfectly. We felt transported to a different place, in our own world, enjoying an exquisite dinner for two. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good date night meal (prices be damned).The only negative thing I can say about the whole experience is that we were seated by a window... and close to the end of dinner, all these policemen pulled in across the street. The next thing I know, a full-on SWAT team is approaching a nearby house right in front of us. Awkward. That sort of ruined the wonderful dinner ambience and atmosphere... but we shook it off and kept trucking. Can't let strange Richmond happenings ruin a near-perfect dinner.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,4/14/2013,245,1116,3,6,3>I'm no art critic or curator, but VMFA is a solid art museum with a range of exhibits that suits all interests.  What I loved most about my latest visit was the Art Deco/Art Nouveau exhibit.  Very cool furniture that exudes life and style of the period.  And of course what's not to love about the French favorites Toulouse-Lautrec, Degas, and Cezanne?  I don't spend a lot of time on the modern/contemporary side of the building ('cause I just don't get it), but there are some interesting pieces there, too.  Even the grounds at VMFA are gorgeous.  While you're there, grab a bite at Amuse.  Tres chic.I didn't bother seeing the Chihuly.  My first Chihuly experience was seeing Fireworks of Glass at the Children's Museum in Indianapolis four years ago.  Almost felt like seen one, seen them all after also seeing the "sample" in the vestibule at VMFA. Know that the Faberge egg collection is currently on tour and won't be back until at least 2014.I just wish VMFA would bring back its stage.  Years ago, I saw Cat on a Hot Tin Roof there with Tamara Tunie as Maggie, and it was wonderful!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,4/13/2013,57,54,3,4,5>Voodoo shrimp. If you can handle spice you must order this appetizer. The chef is a taste profile genius - pairing perfectly cooked shrimp with intense yet delicious heat; cooling your mouth within the dish with egg, bananas and a terrific bread bowl. I cannot sufficiently explain the thoughtfulness of this dish - the person who created this dish knows what they are doing. It was the single most impressive dish I have had in a restaurant in years.The restaurant is adorable but not in a way that grows tired and annoying the longer you sit there. It has a clean, crisp feeling; yet allows you to sit and enjoy a meal comfortably. The music was fun, my SO and I had a laugh or two throughout our dinner. And the service was fantastic. The hostess was friendly and helpful, our server was knowledgeable and pleasant.EAT's Idlewood IPA is good - reminded me of a more delicious Stone IPA? I noticed they had house-made sodas, one of which was 5 Spice - I will definitely try that when we visit again.Our entrees were delicious - the same intelligent and innovative flavor combinations continued throughout. Dessert was delicious as well - we had the key lime pudding. The level of preparation and caring remained consistent throughout our meal.In a nutshell - we loved this place. We will go back. You should go also.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,4/12/2013,155,34,2,4,3>This place is SO adorable. They're always on top of the latest and greatest products. They were carrying Butter London nail polishes before I saw them anywhere else. The owner, Melissa, is always traveling around the country to learn about new products and techniques. They carry an awesome skincare line, Dermalogica, and adorable accessories in their super fun waiting room. Everyone there is super sweet. I've seen Melissa, Tripp, Sally and Alison. They've all been awesome. The best part? The wax is CHOCOLATE scented!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2013,4/11/2013,35,123,,5,3>I recently went to Hondo's looking for a nice fancy steak dinner. Fancy yes. The best? Well...I've had better for the same price. But that shouldn't shy you away from trying it out if you are in the neighborhood. Albeit, expensive.ATMOSPHERE:Great ambiance. There was nice lighting, furniture, linen, piano, etc. The one thing that really threw me off was the table tent advertising about their Sunday brunch deals. This is a NO-NO. Fine dinning does NOT allow table tents. It sticks out like a sore thumb and makes the place look tacky and cheap. For the price I am paying for dinner, it is an insult to see table tents offering discounted days. This is not Lonestar. SERVICE: A+. Couldn't have complained.Onto the foods...APP: Silver Dollar Peppered Sea Scallops - $14.95- Great. I was very pleasedSOUPS: French Onion Soup Gratinee - $6.95- Delicious.SALAD: Caesar Salad - $8.95- Delicious. Dressing traditionally made with anchovies.STEAKS: Ribeye Steak (Boneless 16 oz.) - $43.50 New York Strip, Au Poivre - $45.50My rib-eye was under cooked. No problem as they threw it back on the grill.  But it had more fat on it that it should have. That didn't bother me as much as the bland taste. There was no seasoning on my steak. I had to add salt, pepper, and eventually asked for steak sauce. I shouldn't need steak sauce. My date's NY strip was good. It was seasoned well and the temperature was perfect.I got a side of vegetables and she had the Hondos Potatoes. The vegetables were good but the potatoes, again were bland.Not a big deal but I wish the steak plates were garnished or had something on it that added a little more presentation. We just got meat on a plate. lolDESSERT:I'm not sure what I had, but it tasted great and presentation was top notch. (See uploaded pic).Overall:It was a nice dinner. But I would like to try out another steakhouse. With wine and tip, the bill was close to $200 for two. With this price, I would expect to be MORE than satisfied! I was just satisfied.PS. The manager came over and asked how our evening was going. But he came over when we haven't gotten our steaks yet so I couldn't share with him my thoughts. Also, please do not come over smelling like cigarettes. ;)
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,4/10/2013,62,181,,6,5>**Review of the Upstairs Bar: The Rotunda***This new business to RVA has been super busy since it opened (this being their second location to their AZ one). I went in one night as a group of my friends were interested in hitting up the upstairs bar (The Rotunda). Parking can be a bit difficult but I am sure they can expand on that later down the road. We did have to wait at the door (we got there at 830P) to get in and there is now a cover - which upon opening they did not have- but its only $5 to get in so it will not break the bank. However, if you do not bring cash, they have an ATM downstairs. I really loved the decor- a very modern feel- and perfect for someone who does not want to drive downtown. Uptown Alley does not have their dancing license as of yet, so the security will tell you (like they did other patrons) you cannot dance. Security is def on the watch here so you will feel quite safe in this bar atmosphere. The bar tends to always be super packed as well as the seating areas (which are prime real estate here until the weather warms up for the patio!). I did like the large amount of seating and the quality of seats available. There is a ton of room to walk around and hang out if you are not ready to put on your bowling shoes quite yet. They have bands play every saturday, and it is all local flavor. My group ended up snagging a booth near the pool tables for appetizers (basic american fare but has some nicer dishes if you want to impress). Bowling and pool tables tend to get a large wait list, so if you want to bowl, you may want to come earlier. I was not able to snag up a lane for bowling but their seating areas are super adorable and trendy- very bungalo feel with you and the crew on the next lane. They do have TV's above the alleyways so you can watch the game while you bowl. Bowling tends to be a bit pricer compared to other local alleys but you are bowling with a bit more pizzazz here so the price is a bit higher for that. I will note that most patrons ended up leaving around 11PM so things are not going to be busy all night.Overall a great experience. I am looking forward to having dinner at their downstairs resturaunt (Red Embers) later on.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,4/9/2013,29,159,2,2,3>I've been back a few times, and I've come to consider Ichiban to be my neighborhood sushi bar. Which, I suppose, characterizes me as almost hilariously bourgeois.The sushi is uniformly excellent, and almost shockingly consistent in its quality. But there's a small selection of off-menu items that is really astounding. Try the hamachi kama, which is the grilled and succulent collar of the yellowtail.I'd steer clear of the yakisoba, but everything else is quite charming and upliftingly delectable. Even their yakitori was pretty good, though not quite as good as I was hoping.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/8/2013,34,80,4,7,5>LOVE this place! My pal Kristin V suggested we check it out for after-work drinks when she heard there was prosecco on tap. The prosecco got us in there, but the great atmosphere, wonderful service, and amazing oysters will keep us coming back! The decor is super laid back and charming. And our server was top-notch. Kristin and I were both oyster newbies, so our server really held our hand through ordering and advised we try the Rappahannock oysters both raw and grilled, and advised us on how to top them and eat them. And they were amazing! I feel like the grilled ones especially are a great gateway drug to the world of oysters. I also tried the local flue ceviche, which was light and fresh and amazing! Tender white fish marinated with citrus, chilie, pom seeds, and cilantro and served with two big pieces of toast. Really good. Rappahannock is a wonderful and unique addition to the Richmond restaurant scene! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,4/7/2013,160,252,5,7,5>-- 4.5 stars! --I have been putting off writing this review for a while just because I wanted to give it my full, undivided attention. Juleps is hands down, one of the best restaurants I've been to in Richmond. I purchased a LivingSocial deal ($20 for $40 worth of food) because I had heard great things, and I was not disappointed! To start, my boyfriend and I ordered the fried green tomatoes and the slow roasted pork belly. Oh. My. Goodness. The tomatoes were perfectly crispy without being too oily, and the aioli complimented them so well. The pork belly was absolutely to-die-for. Served atop a unique choice of avocado, tomato, arugula, and fruit preserves, this was a surprising winner everyone MUST try, imo! The complimentary corn bread was also very tasty and not too dry, which I really enjoyed.We shared the pork chop and the slow roasted pork for our entrees (we had plenty to take home afterwards since we started with two appetizers). Both choices were delicious, and the mashed potato and bean sides with each were incredible. The only disappointment we had was that as we got closer to the bone for the slow roast pork (see photos), the meat was noticeably colder, leading us to think that maybe the dishes are reheated rather than made to order. But, hot or cold, we still chowed down on the flavorful goodness.Though I was about to burst at the seams, you guys know I always have room to end my meals on a sweet note! We were very tempted to try the bananas foster, but decided on the chocolate peanut butter ice box pie. It was topped with salted caramel pieces, which I loved. I will add that because we were at "Juleps", we thought we'd start out with the beverage selection of the "julep" - a concoction of bourbon, mint, and simple syrup. We thought, "If they named their restaurant after this, theirs must be really good!" Well, they ended up being way too strong (even for my guy)! However, both he and I were a little embarrassed to admit it to our waiter, so we decided to keep quiet. But by the end of our appetizers, our waiter kindly noticed our nearly untouched glasses and suggested we try mixing up the julep a bit. After further noticing that we still weren't too excited about them, he smiled, took our glasses, and let us know that he'd take them off the check for us. We really appreciated his consideration! Many times service can be haughty at upscale restaurants, but this was not the case at all at Juleps. I can't wait to come back again!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,7/10/2014,31,303,2,6,2>Shyndigz 2.0. Same AMAZING cakes, same super-friendly staff and owners, now with local coffee, wine and beer, plus more regular hours. Whether it's for a special occasion, an after dinner treat or maybe just an alternative happy hour, Shyndigz is a unique local business that's giving us another reason to love RVA.Two quick pieces of advice. 1. Have a favorite cake that's not always on the menu? Keep any eye on their cake calendar, posted on their website and above the front door. 2. Never been to Shyndigz? Bring a friend. Their portions are HUGE.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,7/9/2014,279,214,,10,2>So very nicely done! Tile in the entrance w/ nicely matching carpet. The restaurant has glass windows across the front of the restaurant w/ a large Omega symbol . It's larger than I thought it would be. Given the fact the restaurant only opened  in March, they seemed to have their service together. Now, let's get to why we went. I love Greek food and I thought it was excellent. My wife had the baked Grecian spaghetti , another friend had eggplant parm. I had Grecian lasagna. A side order of grape leaves made for more than enough to eat. Excellent food! Highly recommended! Enjoy! Good service!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,7/8/2014,55,162,4,11,6>Sweet Teas fills my soul with...soulfood...and awesome sweet teas. This adorably decorated interior plus its ever-changing fruit sweet tea combos in mason jars make the establishment all the better. Add on the very kind (and a little quirky, in a fun way) service, you've got a perfect place for family/small group gatherings. They've got a small children's menu, and are definitely willing to split checks for the table.Recs:1. Fruit Sweet Tea $2-3 - changes on a daily basis. Three of the best ones: mixed berry, pineapple, and peach. Best part of the whole deal? Real fruit slices. If you want to skip the fruits, there's regular sweet tea with free refills.2. Peach cobbler - topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream (extra charge). This dessert comes piping hot, super sweet, delicious, and is large enough for two diners.3. Baked chicken leg with 2 sides ~$11 - choice of dark or white meat. My pick: dark meat, which was fall-off-the-bone, juicy good. Only issue is the bit-too-salty gravy, though fairly delicious still. My sides: macaroni (eh, not bad) and cabbage (little spice and sourness to it, not too shabby).Overall, a great drop-in joint along Main Street within walking distance from 17th Street Farmer's Market. Note: service may be a little slow-paced. It may be hard to find street parking nearby, but if you don't succeed the first time, try, try, try again.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/7/2014,14,59,4,4,3>Went in on a Saturday afternoon around 3 pm to a relatively empty restaurant. There was only one waiter and he was super friendly and immediately sat us.  My friends and I have been eyeing Chow House for a while, so I knew it was going to be between the HOT CHIX or AMANTE PICANTE. We ended up getting the SINFUL SPUDS appetizer with pork belly ($2 extra); they were amazing. The pork belly especially stood out. The fries were a little too salty for my taste, but it wasn't enough to keep me getting them again. Along with the pork belly, it had melted cheese and green onion.  Yum!I ordered the AMANTE PICANTE for my entree with a side of kale salad. The salad was nothing special, just kale, sesame seeds, carrots, and radish. The dressing paired well with the salad, but perhaps not my entree....The entree though...OMG...BEST SANDWICH EVER. It was a mixture of house made chorizo (perfect amount of spice!), chicken, pickled jalapeno relish, and queso. It was so so so so so good! I would get this every time if I didn't want to try other options.  My friend got the HOT CHIX which was also very good. Loved the spice on that as well. My other friend got the pork belly sandwich. That was my least favorite, but still amazing.  I give the food a solid 4.3 and the service a 5. I'm rounding it up to a 5 star experience. Run, don't walk, to Chow House for lunch tomorrow. :)
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,7/6/2014,84,184,4,8,5>Looking for a local and well-respected establishment that delivers excellent customer service and sells locally-raised, quality meats? = Belmont Butchery, to the rescue!Shouting from the rooftops: this place is AWESOME!  Tanya and Henry are the most gracious couple and no matter how busy they are, they truly take the time to get to know you and make you feel as if you're their most important customer.  It's truly a carnivorous dream that includes: house-made sausages, charcuterie heaven (prosciutto, I'm eyeing you), dried chorizo, salamis, pates, and I can go on and on.  I still have yet to buy actual meat from Belmont to be prepared as I desire at home, but you can bet your brisket that I'll be here when I finally get around to whipping up that osso buco recipe I've been meaning to try.Not a meat lover? No problem, you can indulge in their selection of artisan cheeses, wines, ciders, beers, sometimes produce (onions and potatoes), local Richmond vendors which seem to rotate frequently, and various items to accompany your dinner party (crackers, spreads, olives, etc.).A+ for customer service: an employee called me on a Saturday an hour before they closed to check if I was still planning to pick up my order since they're closed on Sundays - how thoughtful!I'm counting my lucky stars that Richmond has a true butcher shop.  Thank you, Tanya and Henry, for pouring your hearts into such a gem of a place.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/5/2014,79,79,2,4,2>Love dining at The Roosevelt. First and foremost, I love the atmosphere. Tucked in a corner in Church Hill, The Roosevelt is like walking into one of those period movies. Weathered wood floors, Bartenders with handlebar mustaches, white tablecloths. The setting walks a perfect line between rustic and modern.I'm not a gin gal (really, I bartended for years and the smell still makes me gag a little), but I ordered the Screen Porch because it has Cheerwine in it and I AM a Cheerwine gal. I went back a second time just to sit at the bar and have this cocktail, it's so refreshing, and made perfectly... Didn't even notice the gin. Dangerous.I've tried an assortment of things here. The pimento cheese and house made chips, the poutine, the crab salad, and my favorite, the wings. Station 2 held the top spot for wings in this town for me for a LONG time until I tried these delectable smoked wings with their Alabama sauce. I want some. Now.I found the NY strip to only be fair. Couldn't really taste the bacon or bleu cheese, the steak was not seasoned all that well and wasn't very high quality, which I found disappointing. The guys loved their steak, the pork shoulder was delicious and my friend who got the scallops said (and I quote) "I want to lick the plate clean". We tried all of the desserts. Why not. The panna cotta was cold, creamy, and delicious. The Coca Cola cake was fun and interesting, but I think the star was the foi gras pound cake. So moist and delicious. Another time I snagged a piece of buttermilk pie to take home and enjoy alone... in private.Loved everything about The Roosevelt. I highly recommend a visit!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/4/2014,61,189,6,7,5>I have 49 Yelp check-ins?!?!?  Holy crap!!  The crazy thing is that I didn't even check-in every visit...could it be 75? 80??   I know that someone else in Yelp-land is close because we're in a battle for the Duke crown.   I think I have a problem, but this is a problem I can live with.  The more I think about it, those are 49 proud check-ins, damnit! Do you ever have those days at work where everything is urgent, everything is chaotic and everyone is looking to you for solutions?  I do, and my sanctuary is Joey's Hot Dogs.  Within 5 minutes after arriving, I have my hot dogs and soda and am sitting down, usually with a co-worker.  I feel like I've left the stress far behind.  We moved our office last year so visiting Joey's is now a 15 minute drive, but it's always worth it.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,7/3/2014,143,40,,6,5>After reading several reviews, I had to give it a shot and I was in that part of town.Went in for a shake, but stayed for lunch, glad that I did.The dairy bar definitely  has a good diner feel to it, the menu and food simple and done well.I had their daily soup special which was potato soup, comfort food for me. It was chunky with just a nice milk base and chunky potatoes..loved it. Also had the grilled cheese with sautéed mushrooms, nothing fancy but I did enjoy it.So, I did keep some room for a shake after all it's the Dairy Bar. They use Blue Bell ice cream it was a little pricey at $4 but it was worth it, for just another .70 I should have got the larger size because I totally destroyed the shake in no time.Next visit has to be for breakfast, I just missed it had ended at 10:30, I am confident that it will be just as good as the lunch menu. Good visit.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/2/2014,238,135,5,7,4>The platters are what I used to get all the time here, but if it's the end of the night, it is very likely they have run out of some of your favorite meats... (This place is popular! Come early or be left high and dry). What do you do?!Texas Trainwreck, of course! At the price of $6.95, you get your choice of a meat served in a sort of casserole with beans, jalepeno mac and cheese, and cornbread. SO, SO DELICIOUS. If you are an Indecisive Iggy, and can't choose, make it easy on yourself and get this beautiful thing. It's easy to eat, and it's a taste sampler of all that's good that Alamo BBQ has to offer. Trust me, I have strayed and tried other BBQ places in RVA... Boy, was I a fool to venture out. Alamo, I miss you! I can't wait to be reunited again. PS: Rumor has it they have loaded mashed potatoes now... I AM RUNNING back here next time I'm in town.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,7/1/2014,126,171,3,6,4>....there are no words to express how much I enjoyed my experience as a whole at Amour. I felt like the owner let me into his house, shared his wine and food with me, and became my friend all in one, excellent night out. Matt and I went here last night for Restaurant week and we were blown away! As you can see from the pictures, the dishes were lovely to look at and even more lovely to eat. The taste of everything was just absolutely spot on! The best surprise that I had last night was the wine and food pairing option. For an extra $30/pp, we were able to have wine pairings with each of our courses. Not only did the owner know his wine inside and out, but he was able to pair the flavors of the wine wonderfully with what was on the plate. Paul Heitz came over to the table each time to explain the wine - where the grapes come from, how the flavors will infuse with the food to make both parts taste better and better with each bite. My favorite pairing was the wine and the french cheese tray. There were four different types of cheeses and he gave me a lovely red (haut medoc chateau meyre) to pair with it. I can't even describe how much I enjoyed the symphony of flavors that happened. It was sweet, tangy, and delectable while being savory and bold.... it was everything I could have ever imagined and more. Please, please, please take my advice and go to Amour Wine Bistro with an open mind and an empty stomach and be ready to be amazed. You'll leave feeling full, happy, and with a new and (for me) improved palate. I would keep gushing but I don't think it's necessary. A+++++++++++!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/16/2013,55,162,2,7,1>Want something unique, loud, in-your-face, colorful, jaw-dropping action combined with good food and plentiful alcohol? Well, this half-dingy-club establishment and half-greatest brunch restaurant in town will entertain plus confuse you to the max. The drag brunch show on Sunday blurs the line between hilarity and political incorrectness. It is simply quite fabulous. As there is no way a sentence or even a paragraph can quite sum up the place, I will simply leave you with tips as to the little things of what to expect. Half the excitement is not knowing. ;)Tips:- RESERVE 2 weeks in advance. They will (or said they would) charge you for any person not in attendance for whom you have reserved a space. - Arrive around 10:45am for brunch at 11am. The show + food takes around 2-3 hours. There may be a second showing in the afternoon ~2pm if there are enough customers.- Bring some cash. The staff will assist you in exchanging your bills for dollar bills to tip the drag queens as they dance during the brunch.- Street parking. Usually free on the weekends.- Do not be turned off by the dinginess upon your entry into the holding room that functions as a dance floor/club/dressing room.- Tight spaces in the restaurant itself. Hang your coat up or leave it behind in your car.- Know what you want to order ASAP and get your order in first, otherwise, it will take forever. Crab & Eggs ($10.95) is the prototypical favorite and comes with a side of fruit. Good, not amazing. You're really there for the show, not food.- Checks are not split. You can pay with multiple cards/cash.- Have some humor, relax, tip as you will, and do not take offense. Entertainment and food for 15 years. Definitely worth a trip.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,3/15/2013,15,205,3,7,6>It turns out that there are few things better on a frigid, slushy day than a massive bowl of steaming pho. I'd never been before, but trust my friends' taste in restaurants pretty implicitly and was not disappointed this time. As mentioned in other reviews the place is very large and meticulously clean, and thanks to the weather it was pretty empty when we showed up so seating was immediate. There were actually a lot of options other than the soup but I confess I didn't look at them very hard, though I will perhaps order something else the next time just to see how the rest of the menu holds up in comparison.We started with the fried egg rolls [crispy and delightful] and the tofu spring roll [rice paper, noodles and tofu] which was accompanied by a fabulous peanut sauce. The pho itself comes in generous portions with the option of adding extra noodles or meat or what have you for a small fee if you somehow aren't full with the standard serving. The broth itself was splendid on its own, though I did elect to add basil and bean sprouts and lime from the ubiquitous plate of offered additions [I left the cilantro for my friends] as well as some sriracha and hot pepper compote-y stuff [tasty, but sweet, I will likely add less next time] from the lazy susan in the middle of the table.To pay you just take the bill to the register, which I am all about for groups. Sometimes i think it's just easier for the servers, though occasionally I've found people don't tip very well at registers, so I hope it's working out for them. I will Definitely go back here, and soon.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,3/13/2013,61,189,2,6,4>I had a promo for Flames 231 so went there with a friend for dinner.  I'd been to their website and had high hopes for some good pizza. I was definitely not disappointed! It was still happy hour so I ordered a Peroni draft. We also ordered their house-made hummus and the grilled zucchini for appetizers. They were both delicious but the zucchini was a step above and a great app.For the pizza we ordered the Siciliana, which has sauce, mozzarella, sausage, cherry tomatoes, Parmesan cheese and basil.  It was a great pizza! The crust was perfectly chewy and crispy, and the sauce was just right. One note, their sausage is the proper (I think) crumbled type instead of the thinly sliced flavorless sausage that most pizza places around here use. I was quite happy to see it.I must share Mos D's concern about the small plates. It was an annoyance to have such a small plate from which to eat pizza. While I have eaten pizza off the hood of a car in my lifetime, I prefer a proper plate in a restaurant. It won't stop me from going back though, because I will go back.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,3/12/2013,119,447,2,4,4>I forget what occasion we came here for, as my visit was a while ago.My parents wanted to come here because they had been to the Bookbinders that used to be in Philadelphia. This place is very nice: your nice shirt with jeans probably won't cut it here. Service was very good, and you'd expect it to be in a place like this. Server was engaging and answered all of our questions about the menu, as well as gave us a little input when we weren't sure what to order.The manager came out to talk to us and engaged my parents in a conversation about history, the old location, landmarks, the area, etc. Was friendly, and left after the conversation was over so it didn't become intrusive to our meal.The food: wonderful. We all ordered seafood. I'm not a fan of scallops, but apparently they were delicious. As was the fish and the crab cakes. Everyone cleared their plate and left completely satisfied.Unless you're rolling in the dough, save this place for a date you want to impress or a special occasion. The dinner will cost you, but the food, service, and ambiance, you definitely get what you pay for.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,3/11/2013,46,100,3,6,3>The Roosevelt has recently been receiving some great press and reviews, locally, regionally, and nationally. The restaurant was also voted "Richmond's Best Restaurant of 2012." However, since I think Richmond Magazine rankings can be 'bought,' I tend to rely on word-of-mouth and Yelp for recommendations. After months of festering thoughts of eating these Southern delicacies, I finally took the plunge on a weekday night. I made reservations during the daytime via an answering machine, and was promptly called back for confirmation. The restaurant itself is located at a 5-Point intersection (M Street, 25th Street, and Jefferson Avenue) in north Church Hill. The neighborhood looks like it is undergoing a renaissance of sorts, and I think having this restaurant there could be a catalyst for future redevelopment, but I must digress. We entered the restaurant, and were immediately greeted by the friendly hostess. The restaurant is smaller (about 50-70 seats), but makes up for this with its high ceilings. The menu is definitely Southern-influenced, and had many interesting dishes. Their menu is broken down into 4 categories:  snacks, appetizers, main dishes, and desserts. We decided on cornbread with honey-vanilla butter, pimento cheese with homemade potato chips, a chicken skin slider, and Southern poutine. I will say, EVERYTHING was delicious! My favorite was the Southern poutine, which is a French-Canadian dish, with a Southern spin. It was a plate of French fries, topped with pimento cheese and ham gravy (with small chunks of ham).  The cornbread, while I thought was slightly dry, was still very good, especially with the honey-vanilla butter. The fried chicken skin slider was also delicious, and had a nice kick to it from the kimchi mayo. The Roosevelt's pimento cheese is also some of the best I have tasted in my 7 years in the RVA.The Roosevelt has reasonable prices for its food, and its beer selection is very good, and inexpensive ($3.00 - $5.00). They have a full bar and have a pretty good wine list from what I saw.This place is truly a gem, and my only regret is we didn't get a slice of Coca-Cola cake. I will be back!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/10/2013,33,98,3,5,3>Richmond needed you badly Fat Dragon. I love asian food, I love spicy food, and I love beer. I got it all here in a really cool atmosphere with exceptional service. The GF and I shared dumplings, which were a little spicy and a little bigger than most. I had the Dragon Beef which came with enormous hunks of spicy meat mixed with mushroom and spinach. The portions were big and I felt like I got my $17 worth. Washed it down with a Hardywood Pumpkin and a O'Connor Red Nun. Great list of local and national microbrews on tap, and my GF's adult Arnold Palmer was top notch.I'll be back.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,3/9/2013,40,264,2,2,2>Five stars for the beer selection.  Three stars for the ambiance.  It's a little divey but still warm and inviting.  Unfortunately this place is pretty well overrun with silly hipsters.  Maybe it's the PBR special they have running?The service was adequate.  I haven't eaten here so I can't rate the food.Beware, the seating downstairs is limited.  I've heard there is more seating available upstairs but haven't been up there to look yet.There is - or was, last time I checked anyways - an awesome Fight Club quote written on the wall of the men's room.  Respect!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,3/8/2013,51,183,2,3,4>Lounging at Lemaire after a long day, sipping on great wine, and eating some really well prepared, locally sourced food is becoming my new favorite thing to do. Seriously it might become a problem. It feels like a special occasion but doesn't always have to be special occasion prices.  A couple glasses of wine, bar nibbles, a charcuterie plate - it's all very satisfying in both quantity and quality. The pimento cheese is the best I've had (but I would be happy to judge other examples in a Richmond pimento cheese competition!) I love the fact that their house wine is from Virginia and most of their brews are local too. Service is pretty decent - sometimes great, sometimes just fine. I don't care - give me a seat at the bar or a cozy seat by the window watching Richmond pass me by, keep the food and drink coming, and life will be perfect.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,3/7/2013,114,325,2,4,7>I am not a big donut person at all, but Country Style Doughnuts is genuinely something else. The quality of the donuts is very high, and I can sincerely taste the difference when I bite into them. There is also a huge variety of donuts, including some that are less common elsewhere.Plus, it's a 24-hour shop (just closed on Mondays). I've been here at 1:30AM once though, and the selection was pretty minimal. It was fun to see a huge blob of dough in the back though, as the employees were preparing the next day's batch of donuts. These donuts are simple, but delicious. I want to come back to try the assorted donut holes! =)
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/6/2013,291,293,3,6,4>This mom and pop owned restaurant blew me away. First of all, the lovable couple made the entire experience so delightful. They were very sweet and spent a lot of time talking to our table since the restaurant was pretty quiet. To my surprise, they told us that everything was vegetarian...even their "meat"! However, don't let that be an excuse for not trying this place. They have creatively figured out how to supplement the flavors and textures that meat would normally contribute to dishes. They offer vegetarian chicken, beef, pork, and shrimp which I thought was really cool.--Appetizer Combo--The combination appetizer platter [pic uploaded] was $10 and included spring rolls, creamed corn fritters, "chicken" nuggets, marinated tofu, sweet potato and regular fries and chips and dip. I  thought the combination of Viet, American, and Mexican was a little odd and thought that the chips and dip were unnecessary. As for the chicken nuggets, I would describe it more pork like but my tablemates and I all enjoyed it. The marinated tofu was also tasty. --Pho--When I eat pho, I expect a really complex broth and somehow, they deliver that with no bones or MSG. The prices are steeper $9 for a bowl of pho and it is smaller than other restaurants. But the owner explained the long process of  making their dishes such as boiling the broth for over 6 hours and making the "meatballs" from mushrooms. All the effort shows in their  dishes so I didn't mind paying more for the taste experience. Also, this is the only place I know of that offers legit vegetarian pho with this amount of flavor.--Banh Mi--It was $13 for the vegan banh mi sandwich which included your choice of fries, coleslaw cashew salad, ad bowl of broth. The sandwich was of ample size and I thought that it was delicious! I would not be able to tell that it was vegetarian. I thought it was crazy how it actually tasted like a regular meaty banh mi sandwich. They also use a vegan mayo in the sandwich and the coleslaw. --Fried Banana with Chocolate--The owners gave each of us a piece of their fried banana [pic uploaded]. Though I thought the crust was thick, I still enjoyed it. If I had enough room, I would have tried their other Vietnamese desserts such as the black-eyed peas with sweet sticky rice.Since it's basically just the couple working in the restaurant, it may take longer for you to get your food than other Vietnamese places. Sit back and enjoy a conversation with one of them. They are so cute!As a meat lover, I loved this place. Does this make me want to become a vegetarian? No... But it does change my view on vegetarian/vegan food. Next time, I really want to try their more "meaty" dishes such as their fried rice!Food: 5Value: 4Service: 5Overall: 5
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,9/23/2013,29,159,3,3,1>I just want to buy enough baked potato bowls to roll around in. This is relatively simple food, executed with acceptable precision, with some solid flavors. The service is very good, the beer selection is small but pleasant, and the Significant Other can comfortably consume sports here.In specific, their chili is notable as it is rather untraditional. It contains both beans and carrots, coming very close in actual fact to using a mirepoix base. For the price, it's some of the better beef-base bean-carrying "chili" I've had in the area.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,9/22/2013,15,54,2,10,3>My husband and I came for a romantic dinner. As mentioned in other reviews, it is very expensive, so just for special occasions, but you get what you pay for. The food, wine and dessert was amazing. The crab cakes were pure meat, amazing. The lobster mac and cheese was to die for, and I'm not even a huge lobster fan. Our steaks were cooked perfectly. The big stand out is the service. The service was amazing. We were constantly checked, the waiter could discuss everything on the menu. Our glasses were never empty and the minute I was done using a utensil after a course, it was replaced with a clean one. This is the service I would expect from a classy restaurant and they clearly pride themselves in their work.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,9/21/2013,88,97,3,2,2>Station 2 burgers are above average. Not as good as Honey Whyte's or Burger Works but still a damn good burger. I'm pretty sure I've had 3 different burgers from here. The grilled cheese, some spicy burger which I'm forgetting (it was literally forgettable and not spicy) and the New Mexico burger. The New Mexico burger was by far the best. They recommend you trying it with a turkey burger which I did and it was delicious. I do like the fact that you can order a side salad and sweet potato tots instead of the average fry with your burger.Biggest downside to this restaurant is the lighting. If you're seated at a booth, the light on the table is so bright, it's jarring. We had to put a menu up to the light to block it out. If you're hungover, do not sit at a booth. Your head will ache instantaneously.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,9/20/2013,41,140,2,4,2>Both times I've come here I've loved the atmosphere, the friendliness, the price ($16 bucks for a boys haircut) and the speed. I usually come in the middle of the weekday and it's usually empty. The seats are little vehicles (like police cars and fire engines) and they have big screen TV's right near the  mirror so kids can be distracted by the TV when they get their haircuts. The stylists are obviously very kid friendly and know how to work with them. There are also train tables and toys out for kids if there did end up being a wait. This is the perfect place for kids to come to get their hair cut and I will definitely return. So why only four stars? Both times, I haven't actually loved the haircut. They get it close to what I'm asking for, and they certainly don't do a bad job, but it's never quite what I want. So four stars for you, pigtails and crewcuts.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,9/19/2013,291,238,2,9,2>Kicking myself for not coming here sooner!  You should kick yourself too if you keep waiting.We started with the Shrimp & Crab Nachos, I ordered the Cali Sandwich, my wife ordered the Toast Club and we ended the meal with the Doughnuts with Mascarpone.The Shrimp & Crab Nachos was very different than what I had imagine Nachos to be.  It wasn't a greasy and sloppy mess of fattening goodness.  Instead it had a very fresh taste with really good ingredients.  First, they use real crab meat which is a bonus.  I loved the slaw that was tucked underneath the guacamole.  Overall a very solid appetizer.The Cali sandwich was one of the best vegetarian sandwiches I have ever had.  It was tasty, fresh and very filling.  All major things I look for in a vegetarian sandwich.  The really kicker in this sandwich is the chive cream cheese that is smeared on the inside of a wonderfully toasted baguette.  Other ingredients included cucumber, guacamole and some greens.  I am HUGE fan of their fries and homemade ketchup!My wife's Toast Club sandwich was the pure AMAZING!  Its fried lake trout, topped with some of the softest/juiciest pork served inside a brioche bun.  They provide three house-made sauces: tatar, ketchup and BBQ.  Their BBQ sauce is awesome!  I had one bite and swore to myself that I should not of done that.  I was filled with envy until I ate another bite of my sandwich.  If they have the Toast Club on the menu its a MUST order.Desert: Doughnuts served with Mascarpone.  Wow!  The server brings to the table a plate filled with brown sugar and a white bag.  Inside the bag the server shakes up the doughnuts and then rolls them out of the bag onto the brown sugar.  These amazing little things were steaming, crispy and very doughy!  It was an awesome desert.Either way we cut it this place is a must for us to return.  In fact we already are trying to introduce this place to our friends THIS WEEK!  Don't wait!  Come check it out.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,9/18/2013,79,79,5,8,9>I'll just come right out and say it. I. LOVE. ESTILO.After previewing Estilo for our Yelp event, I couldn't wait to get back and try some more stuff!First off, the atmosphere at Estilo is wonderful. Pretty lighting, fun and funky decor, I feel relaxed but still chic every time I'm in.They also make some pretty tasty cocktails and have a lovely selection of draft beer. Oh. and red wine from the keg. MMMMM.This visit we started off with the Papa Rellena. Delicious and crispy potato on the outside and warm comforting potato and chicken mixture inside. It comes with a lovely little garnish that really sets off the flavors of this dish. I honestly feel like it's a bit too big for an appetizer, unless you have a table of four or so. The two of us were basically full after that... but we kept going.My FAVORITE dish so far at Estilo is the chifrijo. If you try nothing else, TRY THIS. It's bits of crispy, chewy pork, with rice, black beans, pico de gallo, sliced avocado and covered with some condiment called Lizano sauce. Well, lizano sauce is making a debut in my house because it's so dang good. It really makes this dish. Throw in some warm, soft tortillas, and you have a nice little snack. We totally just eat it right out of the bowl.... but you can use tortillas if you want.We also thoroughly enjoyed the tuna and watermelon ceviche. It's cool and refreshing, but packs a bit of a spicy punch when you aren't expecting it. I like surprises. The candied kumquat is another delightful surprise in this dish. Yet another cleared plate!The chicken tortilla soup is ALSO amazing. Smoky, well-seasoned, comforting and topped with slices of avocado, we cleaned the bowl... even though it was August.Another thing I love about Estilo is that everything is gluten-free... and you can't even tell! We finished the meal with their gluten-free key lime pie. Honestly the best key lime pie I've ever eaten. Not too sour or too sweet, delicious crust, great texture.It doesn't hurt that the wonderful staff and owners also bent over backwards to help my fiancé PROPOSE that night! They were instrumental in helping him set the stage for our memorable evening. NO ONE is nicer than the owners and staff at Estilo. Every time we go, they are friendly, happy to have us, enthusiastic about their establishment and beyond kind. We will be back to Estilo again and again.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,9/17/2013,57,69,,4,2>A wonderful restaurant that I like to go to when I want to avoid the masses at Mekong and don't feel like just eating pho at Pho So 1. The location itself is bigger on the inside with lots of tables and a big TV, which is good when you want to watch some sports. I always love the vegetable spring rolls and the com thic nuong or BBQ with broken rice and veggies. Their fish sauce (or nuoc mam) is delicious and not too salty, similar to how my mom makes it. I love getting their pho, especially when I'm under the weather. The typical pho tai works well, lots of beef and noodles with a broth that isn't too salty. Pho with some soy bean milk makes a perfect meal. Service is always pretty good except on weekends when it gets busy but that's normal. Come here if you don't want to drink beer and don't like a long wait :)
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,9/16/2013,93,171,2,3,2>I did my research, I was expecting a wait.  There definitely was one - maybe 40 minutes.  Luckily, it was a beautiful sunny morning and I was able to drink my bloody mary in the sunshine while I reminded the boyfriend that an extra 40 minutes with me should be the perk of waiting to be seated.Walking in to put my name on the list seemed to be a little unorganized.  I gray haired man (the owner I presume) was running around seating people so I had a bit of a wait to put my name on the list.  Either I was waiting then, or I was waiting after - it didn't really matter to me.  Besides, getting those tables flipped should be getting me seated sooner.  While I'm waiting in front of the tiny fully exposed kitchen a few eggs drop ALMOST on top of me.  Everyone was nice and apologized.  No use crying over spilled eggs.  I get my name in, am asked what I'd like to drink and proceed outside.Once we're seated (at the bar), we were greeted by the regular who told us all about the menu.  We decided on the Devil's Mess and the Salmon with Poached Eggs.  Both were delicious!  I can't wait to go back and try out the rest of the menu.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/15/2013,52,70,1,5,3>I went from giving this place a 2 star rating to a 5 star. Take out is iffy but dining in is AWESOME! The key here is to order spicy, order one level up than you are normally comfortable with to get the most flavor from your dish. This last time I ordered the veggie tikka, Indian hot- INCREDIBLE very flavorful, vegetables maintained their taste, and the roti was nice and grainy the way it should be. I great solid meal. I keep raving about the mint chutney, its made by hand with love and magic, I absolutely LOVE it. If you get the spice level right this place is easily one of the best Indian spots in town. I will definitely be making it back very soon and often.Ps: also great improvement with the renovation!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,9/14/2013,15,64,2,3,2>My go to when I'm craving ice cream!  I stumbled upon sweet 95 a few years back after a stomach stuffing meal at kitchen 64.  I kept going back and fourth between eating ice cream and not eating because I was so full..... But good thing I decided to go with a sweet treat!  The staff here is so friendly and so helpful which makes for an overall great experience.  The portions are large so if you don't have a sweet tooth you may want to split with a friend.  They serve homestead creamery ice cream, which is one of my favorites.  You will not be disappointed!!!Now onto my favorite flavors, in this order:1. Apple pie 2. Strawberry cheesecake3. Cookies and CreamTwo caveats with sweet 95 though.  Some flavors are seasonal like the apple pie so always have a back up choice for ice cream.  Second, the place is only open from spring to early fall so if you are craving ice cream, you'll have to wait til the next yr!Next on my list is to try a milkshake.  Rumor has it is the milk shake is made with homestead creamery milk as well!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,11/27/2014,5,9,7,8,7>Best Italian I've had in Richmond! We ordered a salad to share and the veal marsala and pasta carbonara. Sooooo yummy! Everything was really well balanced and flavorful. Decent prices and generous portions too. On top of stellar food, their cocktail game was on point! We ended up tying one on because their drinks were so good. We plan on coming back whenever the pasta craving hits.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2014,11/26/2014,1,24,4,4,5>My first time trying this place on recommendation from a co-worker.  From the outside, it just seems like a normal building, but inside, the owners have really made the place their own.  While it doesn't scream Brio's level of decor, it certainly does give a much more upscale feel.  The great big window in between the food prep and the patron's tables is a big plus that works in their favor, offering privacy and a dedicated food prep area, while still feeling open and welcoming.  They do have a tiny bar so I wouldn't come here for the bar, and it isn't really set up to be that way anyway.  Although I DO like the separate spacing they have for the bar area and sit-downs.  They have daily specials, lunch specials, and then more specials on top of that.  What else can you ask for when trying a new place?  I would have ordered more food but seeing as how I had to work in the afternoon following lunch, I didn't want to eat so much I was sleepy.  The Vietnamese summer rolls were great, and the price can't be beat.  I wonder if they would venture into making their own peanut sauce though, as I have never been a fan of the too sweet stock preanut sauce.   The wonton soup was refreshing, but I imagine others might consider it a bit bland.  I like my food on the less salty side so this worked very well for me.  I judge a place by their Pad Thai, very childish of me.  If you can get the spices right, I am a fan for life.  So far, the best Pad Thai I have had is at Thai Flavors in Innsbrook, where everything is cooked right in view of patrons.  With that being said, Ginger Red's Pad Thai couldn't top Thai Flavors, but the extra spicy chili paste the waitress so graciously brought out to me added a kick I needed.  I took home some more summer rolls and will certainly be back to try more menu items.  The waitress was absolutely friendly, the management team aware of their patrons, and did I already mention the deals they have in this place?  That alone should prompt you to at least come and give it a whirl.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,11/25/2014,20,109,3,5,4>Joe's Inn is a stellar neighborhood restaurant and definitely worth a try for out-of-towners as well. The food is great and the service is literally the best anywhere I've been in the city.I had been here on an unsuccessful date before, though I at least had fond memories of the restaurant itself, so I decided to give it a try with a different lady friend this time. It definitely had all the great things I remembered about it.While Joe's Inn does not give coupons, they do have reasonably priced fare to begin with. $7.50 for a sub and $1 extra for fries is quite good, and the pastas are all around $10 as well. Add to that a great happy hour ($2.75 draft beers, $3 house wines, and cheap rail drinks from 3-6 pm weekdays) and you've got yourself an inexpensive and enjoyable night out.The food here is excellent, and the portions are great as well. They're sauce fiends here, so if you prefer to go light on the sauce, LET THEM KNOW IN ADVANCE. Otherwise, you'll be bathing in it, or at least your nice new shirt will.Service here is bar none the best I have received in Richmond to date. Our server was an older woman, though she had more energy than I've seen in many people my age. She made tons of callbacks, and her fellow server made sure we were okay as well. I love seeing that kind of teamwork, reminds me of how things used to be at the restaurant I worked at in Alexandria. Fond memories! Great food is the way to a man's heart, though excellent service is how you keep him coming back.I think this place tries hard and succeeds as a consequence. They've earned my business, at least! Oh, and it went well with the lady friend this time, so there's that too.Overall: 4.5 stars--------------Pros:- Amazing service, best I've had in Richmond thus far.- Food is quite good.- Portions are impressive and will definitely feed you for lunch tomorrow.- Ambiance is definitely that of a local place, though it's not very loud at all.- Cheap happy hour specials make this a great drink destination on weekdays.- Lots of great local beers on the draft menu.Cons:- Parking here is a pain, and the closer you park to the restaurant, the harder it'll be for you to get out when you leave. My advice? Park a block south and enjoy the walk through the nice neighborhood.- There's a whole lot of sauce on everything, and it's the chunky kind. If that's your bag, great; if you have acid reflux or just don't want to swim through your food, you'd better ask for them to go easy on it.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,11/24/2014,55,162,7,5,9>Urban Farmhouse in Churchill? What better to sum up my visit but with an  ode to this wonderful RVA coffeehouse.Oh coffee, oh coffee...plus homemade cream cheese(with bagels galore).From bright windowsand walls lined with beer,study spaces are aplentyand a plug's always near.This awesome Churchill spacewith its charming indoors(and outdoor seating alike)Will perk up your day with its total delight.While wifi is present,it is at times hard to connect.And parking is street onlybut easy to get.Now all that's left is to drop on byAnd settle on in as the day passes you by...
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2014,11/23/2014,2,20,4,4,5>I am beyond thankful to have a coffee house right next to my job... But more thankful to have found my go-to place! The owners are so friendly and always putting out the best quality in food and beverages at a reasonable price . The variety of food is delicious and not forgetting they serve breakfast all day... What could be better? This is the perfect place to start your day and to escape for a little bit. Vcu is literally right next to it... And if you are a student you should definitely stop in!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2014,11/22/2014,14,18,5,6,7>Living in Church Hill, I am always super excited when new places open up that I can walk too - so I was very happy to see this older building's renovation and then a new adorable sign go up! I had no expectations...I wasn't sure if this would be comparable to Shields or Strawberry St Market because I noticed people drinking beer on the patio which seemed like a change in the typical Market trend...I went there after hearing word of their sandwiches and was VERY impressed. Not only is it in a great location, but they sell last minute items you may need to swing by and grab, and plenty of local items. (I recently got an idea to have a biscuits and beer brunch, we ran out of jam - went to Union Market - and purchased the most delicious raspberry jam I've ever had...ahh!) Everyone that works there is friendly and inviting and the bartender was knowledgable about what brews they offered (yes there's a bar....WHAT)!I ordered a grilled cheese - this sounds boring - but you are wrong. PESTO, sundried tomatoes, prosciutto, and two different kinds of cheese! My boyfriend ordered a Sailor maybe? Sausage, corned beef, dressing, cheese - the bread was incredible. All the ingredients were fresh, local and truly placed to compliment the sandwich. We also tried one of the pumpkin ales - never disappointing. All of there sides and salads looked incredible. You know a place is good when between the silent/crunching sounds of pure food enjoyment, the topic of conversation is why and how fresh and local ingredients change the world...and you are planning what you'll order next time! Love it.Go there.Take me with you.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2014,11/21/2014,238,135,6,7,6>Cookies and milk isn't just for small children and Santa Clause anymore. Move over cupcakes. They're bringin' cookies back.Red Eye Cookie Co. is a hit in my book. Their design, website, and storefront are  all super minimal, yet functional. Ordering online was quick and easy. Picking my order up was a breeze. What's not to like about cookies that are available in a jiffy during your worst craving hours (6pm-1am)? They are a bit hard to find, but it's a little house/hut in the alleyway across from I Love NY Pizza. The staff was super friendly, and the guy had my order hot and ready in a box when I walked up to their door. Inside, 3-4 people were working (I can see how they could be busy during peak hours); it's best to order ahead of time and pick them up yourself.The cookies themselves were soft, but not too hot or mushy! I recommend getting the Cookies n Cream flavor and their signature Red Eye cookie. Cookies and Cream was a nice swirl of flavor and reminded me of the Hershey's cookie and cream bar. The Red Eye was my favorite; red velvet and expresso flavor together in a cookie is just genius. Plus, they use Lamplighter coffee in their recipe! Super thumbs up.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,11/20/2014,84,184,2,10,7>When I heard that an authentic Belgian bistro was in the works for The Fan, I knew I had to check it out "tout de suite". I adore Belgian cuisine and moules-frites is one of my favorite dishes. If you're familiar with the now-closed Belle Vie restaurant in Midlothian, then "quelle chance" for you because Brux'l Cafe boasts the same amazing staff and menu as Belle Vie.The mussels and fries are fresh (portion of fries is small though) and served with a Mijolle sauce (consists of Dijon, white wine, and mayonnaise) - finally found my moules-frites spot in Richmond! Croquettes de Fromage are Belgian cheese fritters - sinfully delicious and great to share as starter. The Belgian Chocolate Mousse is light, not too sweet, and the perfect finale to a delicious meal.What makes Brux'l Cafe so special is its delightful staff = 5+++ stars! Chef Xavier is clearly passionate about his Belgian roots and it shows in his food.   Jared is a fantastic and attentive bartender who is only too happy to make beer suggestions - his advice is seriously on point! The hospitality here is incredible - I even made friends with the couple next to me who were regulars at Belle Vie.Brux'l Cafe serves daily specials, happy hour Tuesday - Saturday 4pm-6:30pm, and Sunday brunch. Seating options include large booths, tables (good for a larger group), and 8-10 stools at the bar.Can't wait to return and try the rest of the menu. Be sure to go here - you'll feel right at home!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2014,11/19/2014,61,189,4,7,5>I've been to Toledo Chicken three times and each visit was worthy of a five-star rating. I count myself lucky that it's only 5 minutes from home.  My experiences have been similar to the others: the owner and staff were very welcoming and friendly and gave a culinary tour of the day's specials and specialties.  It made me feel appreciated as a customer.  My first visit was the famous Toledo chicken in the family pack to go, which includes a whole chicken with two sides. I chose the Mediterranean rice and Mediterranean salad.  I knew it would provide at least 3 meals for me and it did. Can't beat it for $14.I'd read other reviews about the Jordan chicken wrap and the owner's description was enough to clinch the deal so I chose this for my second visit.  I don't know if I can even describe it properly, but it's a flaky-ish dough filled with an incredibly flavorful spiced shredded chicken, accompanied with their dipping sauce. It's a knockout!For my third visit I went for the shawarma, which is as good as any I've had. I chose the eggplant salad as a side and I think it stole the show with its delicious layers of flavor. I could eat a big bowl of this stuff.   I also tried one of their alcohol-free beers. I can't remember its name but it was quite good.So, to summarize, I'd wholeheartedly recommend Toledo Chicken.  Great food, friendly and attentive service, very reasonable prices.  The abundance of strong reviews should be enough to convince you to try it so please do.  Honest restaurants like this deserve to succeed.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,11/18/2014,17,29,1,5,4>Finally...good chinese in Richmond. Only took me 4 years to find it! I finally made it to Peter Chang's last weekend with my in-laws after hearing rave reviews for quite a while. We were able to make a reservation for 8 with pretty minimal notice (I called at 1pm the same day) and, considering that the place was slammed the entire time we were there, I think that we lucked out. Everything that I tried was good (spring rolls, scallion bubble pancake, fried rice, lamb chop special, even the sesame chicken that one of my less-adventurous dining companions got was decent), but a few of the items were truly stellar and worth mentioning...these include the lettuce wraps, the basil, leek, and jalapeno chicken, and most notably, the steamed pork dumplings. A. effing. plus. For such a simple appetizer, I wasn't expecting such flavor, but those really rocked my socks. My husband ordered the seafood clay pot special and also said that it was awesome, though I was way too full in the end to try it. Will definitely return!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,3/22/2014,9,23,2,7,4>This is our #1 go to for delicious craft beers in the city. The selection is great, the staff feels like a friend you've had for years, and the atmosphere is a Richmond signature. The food has been the same for quite some time but don't let that deter you. The wings are some of the best we've ever had and the onion rings hit the spot when you've had the perfect amount to drink. Put down the cocktails and come to this place for some delicious beer! I warn you, if you want miller lite, bud light, etc., this place is not for you!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,3/21/2014,12,16,3,9,5>Came here for dinner on a Friday night and caught the tail end of the happy hour crowd.  Definitely hoppin' and it stayed that way throughout our meal.  Seemed like a good mix of families at tables with kids but also 20/30-somethings hanging out at the bar for the night.  It's like a hip, current 50s diner.I got the limeade to drink, awesome!  Being new to RVA I've caught on that limeade is a thing here?  I'm a fan.My husband ordered a sandwich that had maybe 3-5 types of meat on it and he raved about it for the next 3 days.  His sandwich came with the best homemade chips, I kept stealing them.  I had the kale Cesar, and I really enjoyed that too.  We ordered take-out from here at work not too long after and I ordered the same salad, just with salmon instead of shrimp, and I liked it better with salmon.It's a bit of a hike to get here from where we live now, but we're moving soon and will be closer, so I can see us retuning to the Continental fairly often.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,3/20/2014,22,17,4,7,6>Ok let's jump right in. The portions are huge. The prices are very decent. The waitress was VERY lively. And when the food arrived I forgot everything else. The food was awesome! I had the fish burrito and the black bean quesadilla and a side salad. My cousin had the chicken wings and the meatball sub. Wayyyy too much food for just the two of us. But certainly didn't mind eating the leftovers the next day. The interior environment does not match the outside.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,3/19/2014,71,94,5,10,6>I can't get enough of this place.  Truly, I cannot.  I had some wicked vivid dreams of their eggplant parm the other night, and I had to satisfy a hunger that was dwelling in the depths of my belly.  And as I had hoped, they delivered in a major way.The lady and I split an order of sweet toads; a first time for either of us.  I enjoyed them greatly, although a bit too salty for my liking.  Perhaps they are naturally salty?  Couldn't tell ya. And I simply don't have the strength to try one of their other excellent sounding entrees that are showcased on the chalk board.  I just can't do it.  My girlfriend, on the other hand, opted for the rockfish fillet, which was probably one of the better rockfish I've had.  Seasoned very simply, but spot on.  It was tender, flavorful, and hearty.  But I'd not trade in my Eggplant Parm for it, ever.  You can see from my past review the key notes of this dish, and it was -pure- joy that the consistency was still there several months later with my return.  Damnit, man.  I'm going to start salivating again.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,3/18/2014,12,68,3,5,4>The Galaxy Diner. What a good little greasy spoon? I'm a fan of the Galaxy, my arteries are not but I'll worry about that in twenty-five or so years. The first time I went to the Galaxy, I had a BLT. It was your typical BLT or BLAT since it did have avocado on it. It was good, bacon was crispy. I got my sandwich with mac and cheese and tots. The tots were great the mac and cheese was similar to what you make out of a box at home. I'm not complaining, I can't expect gourmet mac and cheese from the Galaxy. The second time I went I had trailer park french toast with bacon. This was amazing. French toast with peanut butter and banana, what more could you want? I could not finish the meal. The food came hot and it was tasty, I had no complaints.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,3/17/2014,135,66,2,5,4>This is a neighborhood and RVA favorite.  It's actually hard to say something good that hasn't already been said a lot.  But let me just assert that the bread they have is DELICIOUS.  At first it'll look like just boring old white bread that they were skimping on to keep costs down.  It's not.  It's killer good.  It's perfect for subs because it is soft enough to conform to your sub but with a good crust on the outside to keep it all in.  Order anything Italian and you won't go wrong.  Don't be surprised, though, if there's a good line.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,3/16/2014,245,1116,2,7,4>I brought a few friends from out of town to LEVEL last night, and they LOVED it.  They loved the décor, which is contemporary chic.  They loved the Fly Wings.  They loved the skilled bartender who made drinks to order.  They loved the happy hour specials.Me, I loved all of that, too.  My martini was perfect.  My pad Thai wasn't the best I've had, but it was good.  Service was friendly and fast.  Menu has a lot of Asian variety -- sushi, noodles, teppanyaki, etc.Nice little spot... even has a small parking lot.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/15/2014,17,90,3,7,6>I can't say enough good things about Flirt, and Daria in particular! When we moved to RVA, I was so nervous that it would take forever to find a hair salon and stylist (I had a great one back in Ohio - check out Natalie at Nuova Luce Salon in case you ever end up north and are in need of a haircut). First time was a charm, though, when I trusted Yelp and tried out Flirt!What I love about the salon is: 1) it's super cute, 2) it isn't snooty at all - super laid back atmosphere, and 3) everyone is SO friendly. Daria is just fantastic. She takes her time, pays attention to detail, and she really gets to know you as a person, not as just a client. I usually go for a haircut and brow wax with her in the same appointment, and she always does my brows while she lets my hair deep condition - my hair always feels great after seeing her! Definitely try Flirt and ask for Daria - you won't be disappointed.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2014,3/14/2014,10,40,4,9,8>I really enjoy this bar. Every time I come here I have a different experience, but it's always a good time. The only thing I've had to eat here is the Warm Brie with Apricot-Cranberry Chutney appetizer and it was good but could have been warmer. The downstairs part is a little cramped and restaurant style once you get past the garden, there is a bar area straight ahead when you walk in but on your left there are tables where you can sit. They do have a huge tv to watch matches but I hope you're not a Liverpool hater because I feel like you might get tarred and feathered here if you show dissent.Upstairs is a more open, divey area where you can smoke. It has pool tables, darts, and some random tables where you can sit. There is a separate bar up here. My favorite drink to order is the snakebite which is cider and lager mixed. They do have great prices and varieties you don't really see anywhere else. It does get really crowded in here after 10-11 on the weekends but it's a pretty diverse crowd depending on where you are in the bar and what time you go. I've seen hipsters, college kids, 30 somethings, and people in lederhosen.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/13/2014,14,18,4,7,4>The Black Sheep has been raved about by the locals here in RVA for quite some time, so I was more than confident that I would have a good experience. I was right!FOOD: I honestly don't remember the name of all the subs at our table, and it really doesn't matter because they were all fresh and absolutely delicious! All of the flavors were wonderful and everything was paired very nicely. I was also happy to be served a Mexican coke and delicious coffee!PRICE: They are a bit pricier than your typical sub shop, but it is well worth it and not your typical sub. They promote that they buy local organic and fresh ingredients, and those things are obviously more costly which makes it completely acceptable!ATMOSPHERE: From the outside it looks like a tiny hole in the wall corner cafe.( The area is not the most interesting compared to other areas in RVA, but thats where it is and its worth ignoring that fact! )Inside the decor is cute and hip!  Even there tableware is unique! It is a bit small, so it is not an easy place to walk around when shown to your table, and it is nearly impossible to invite a large group of friends or family to dine - they do not take reservations. Kudos to The Black Sheep!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,7/25/2013,47,39,4,3,3>You won't find paper menu's here, just a large menu board boasting barbecue favorites (think ribs, brisket, slaw, and cornbread) and Tex-Mex fused offerings such as tacos, burritos, and quesadillas. Their fish tacos have a passionate following claiming Alamo's is the best - beating almost any other competition. Vegetarian? Not a problem, Alamo's got a tasty bbq portabella that can substitute meat on nearly everything.Sometimes I want it all (unleashing my inner Veruca Salt) so the Texas Train Wreck ($6.95) was a perfect fit. No, the Texas Trainwreck doesn't refer to Anna Nicole Smith but instead a collaboration of all things barbecue served in perfect harmony - your choice of meat all served over beans, jalapeño mac & cheese, and cornbread topped with jalapeño and onions. I'm not sure how someone could hate this, the smoky flavors and spice are perfectly aligned with what my taste buds want.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,7/24/2013,84,184,3,9,2>I am absolutely OBSESSED with this store and love how it's so close to where I live!  It's a fantastic consignment store that sells lightly-worn clothes for women and the brands range from H&M to higher end labels such as Free People and BCBG.  The clothes are grouped by size which I love (I've never been a big fan of clothes grouped by color).  I've managed to snag items from Express, Mossimo, American Eagle, and Lucky Jeans at very reasonable prices and they're all still in great condition.As with any second-hand store, make sure you thoroughly check your items to make sure it's still in good condition (stains, missing a belt, seams are coming undone, etc.).  I was trying on a dress when I realized there were three small holes on the shoulder (looked like a cat clawed at it) and informed one of the employees who kindly took it back.  Oh, the Ashby staff is super nice!  Always very friendly with smiles on their faces.  Hell, I would be smiling from ear-to-ear if I worked there, too!Cons: I would advise Ashby to add a second hook in each of the changing rooms; as of now, there's only one hook per room.  I think most customers like to use one hook for clothes to try on and one hook for clothes they've already tried on.  I end up putting my clothes on the bench which makes them wrinkled.  Other than that, they're nice dressing rooms.  Second, I wish that they offered clothing for men (like Buffalo Exchange for those of you familiar with that store).  I somewhat feel bad whenever I walk past Ashby with my sweetie because he knows I'm going to shop for the next hour and there's nothing for him but then that bad feeling goes away pretty instantaneously as I walk out the door with my new finds :)  For real though, it would be cool if they offered menswear.I seriously go here at least once a week and since they accept items on Sundays and Thursdays, there's always something new!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,7/23/2013,35,123,,4,3>I came here on a warm Friday night. The place is small and doesn't have many tables. But luckily, we didn't have to wait too long for a table. You might want to make a reservation during busy holidays. There is a small (4-6?) car parking lot right in front. The restaurant was decorated minimally and had a nice charm to it.Apps:PASTIEDDA: cauliflower, battered, fried, $4- It was nice and simple. Battered and served with a side of pesto.CALAMARI (FRITTI O ALLA GRIGLIA): calamari, fried or grilled, $9- I requested the unbreaded and grilled version. Though a tad under cooked, it was good and their marinara was light and delicious.Dinners:ANELLETTI O FURNU: Sicilian-style lasagna, o-shaped pasta, meat sauce, peas, hard boiled egg, ham, fried eggplant, topped with breadcrumbs, baked, $15- This dish sounded interesting but when it came out, it wasn't at all what I expected. It wasn't lasagna as you would expect with the layers of pasta and cheese. Instead, the anelletti 'O' shaped pasta was served mixed with eggplant, peas, ham and meat sauce. Though delicious, it wasn't anything like typical lasagna.PASTA SIRACUSA: marinara, roasted peppers, eggplant, olives, $14-Penne pasta served with their marinara sauce. Roasted peppers, eggplant, and olives were included. This dish was good and exactly as expected.Dessert: Home made tiramisu.- Delicious. I would definitely come here again. The food was good and the atmosphere was quaint. I'd like to try some of their veal dishes next time. And as I write this, I can't believe I forgot to try their meatballs. Something to remember for next time I guess.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/22/2013,291,293,,3,2>This is just a really fun place to go to for happy hour which starts at 4:30pm and ends at 6:30pm on most days and 7:30pm  on Fridays [for drinks]. The prices for the appetizers are $4 while the drinks vary. Though I'm not a smoke lover, the smoking section really is more fun here. If you like cigars, they even offer those! The section opens up to the sidewalk and the atmosphere is lively so it feels like you've been transported to a bar at the beach. To add to the beach vibe, they have their regular mojitos [my fave!] for $4 during their HH. They are freshly made and on the sweet side--- but are very refreshing! Their HH food is fine to snack on while you're drinking--nothing spectacular though [but it's only $4 so can't really complain there]Servers here are always cheery and really add to the whole experience. They make your visit there really relaxing and fun! Food: 3Value: 4Service: 4.5Overall: 4
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,7/21/2013,51,183,,7,3>We stopped in to pick up a couple of sandwiches for lunch one recent Friday. The restaurant is carry out only. I have to say it's a shame they don't squeeze a few tables into the space. The one picnic table outside is in full sun so we drove up to Byrd Park and made a picnic of the meal. The menu is limited to about five sandwich options, a couple of salads, and a daily soup.  We ordered the pork belly banh mi and the turkey sandwich with green onion cream cheese, bacon, and pickled jalapenos. The banh mi was great - good flavors, texture, and the sandwich held together in the baguette.  The turkey sandwich had good flavor but was difficult to eat. It was grilled on a whole wheat bread and the sandwich came whole (not cut in half). It was a large sandwich so kind of awkward to eat and the bread was dry after being toasted. I had to be careful to avoid cutting the roof of my mouth and most of the time the bread just broke off in large chunks causing the filling to fall everywhere. Several of the menu items have a vegetarian option (VO) which is a soy glazed grilled slice of sweet potato. I didn't try it on this visit but I want to try the VO on the banh mi next time. Sandwiches come with a side salad of lettuce, pickled red onions, and dressing or potato salad (fresh tasting but a  little bland.) Overall we liked the sandwiches and look forward to trying more of the menu.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,7/20/2013,114,325,4,8,8>I was driving back from Williamsburg with Avery and we decided to eat a late dinner in Richmond. I had had a ton of meat for lunch at Pierce's Pit BBQ, so I decided that it would be a good chance to finally try the vegetarian pho place that I kept hearing about. A quick Yelp search showed that Phoenix Garden was only open until 9PM though, and we didn't leave Williamsburg until just past 8PM.We managed to make it to Phoenix Garden by 8:55PM. The owners (a couple) gladly welcomed us to their restaurant nonetheless. We later found out that the restaurant is open until 10PM on Friday and Saturday nights, which made us feel less guilty for going so close to closing time. Apparently, there had been a ton of diners earlier, but by the time we went, we were the only two customers. As a result, we were checked on frequently and both the husband and wife chatted us up, asking us how we heard about the restaurant and where we were from. The husband even spoke a few words of Mandarin with me since he was Chinese-Vietnamese (ethnically Chinese who grew up in Vietnam). Both of them were EXTREMELY gracious and friendly hosts throughout the entire meal. Because we mentioned we might share our meal, they split everything in half for us, even the two piece Summer Roll appetizer! Now that's service!We ordered the Summer Roll appetizer, the banh mi, the pho, and the funnel cake and corn with sweet rice + coconut cream for dessert. Everything was phenomenal! The banh mi sandwich was especially big, and came with sweet potato fries, coleslaw, and a bowl of pho broth. I was impressed at how much flavor the pho broth had considering that it was vegetarian! And while the pho portion might look a bit small to the eye (since the bowl is not that big in diameter), it's a very deep bowl with nearly vertical sides, so the volume is actually quite large. The desserts were a nice touch too.The restaurant itself was still decorated a bit for Valentine's, with heart tablecloths and some red curtains and pink bows. The entrance way is very cozy with a full-sized couch, almost like you are entering someone's home (and after our meal here, it really did feel like we were welcomed into the owner couple's lovely home). The exterior of the restaurant is not much to look at, and the inside tables and walls are pretty simple, but it is still clean and presentable. More importantly, the food is unbelievable and the service top notch. While the menu is pretty small, every item looks like it is made with a lot of love. Prices aren't too bad either ($8-$14 range for a dinner entree). The owners told us that the restaurant offerings are the exact same dishes that they make and eat themselves at home. The husband said the restaurant was formerly a Chinese restaurant, and that he has been at this location since 1985. At the end of our dessert, the husband brought us two large mugs of hot tea free of charge, which was such a nice gesture! I could not believe how good we had been treated throughout the meal, so I left a very generous tip. It was such a perfect ending to a long, windy/rainy/snowy/cold day. =)
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,7/19/2013,126,171,4,8,4>I went here last night with MeetUp's own Richmond New in Town group and Richmond Foodies and I haven't heard a bad thing! My experience here was definitely more than amazing. We were given a $7 wine tasting that consisted of 5 different wines; 3 whites and 2 reds. I think this was a special for us but they definitely have the room for a tasting. The wine list was amazing and they had this raspberry mixed wine drink that was absolutely to die for (I wish I had gotten a pic but I drank it too quickly). I also tried the house red - this was from Cali and was bold and probably semi-sweet. My favorite wine last night however, was the Riesling from Germany they had. It was $8/glass and was perfect for the night. The sweet notes absolutely complemented the fruity flavor of the wine all while not being overly sweet. It definitely had a bit of dry to it but it was wonderful. The food there was amazing as well. The portions were the perfect size and I LOVED this. I'm the type of person who doesn't mind spending money on good food at right sized portions and Chez Vin perfects it. The people around me ordered the Bam Bam chicken and shrimp and also the loaded mashed potatoes (the chicken and the potatoes are pictured). The sauce and spices they use for the chicken and shrimp were amazing! It was a little bit of a kick but definitely didn't over power your pallet. The mashed potatoes were beautifully plated and tasted equally amazing. They had a few other things on the menu that I wanted to try but, honestly, just couldn't because I was full from the delectable wine and food. The atmosphere of this place was superb! This place is in the middle of Chester and honestly, very easy to overlook. But, when you walk into the door, it's like you're leaving any problems of the day outside. There is some wonderful mood lighting with some jazz playing in the background. When you first walk in, there are a few high tops and a beautiful bar. There are couches and comfy seats to the left and in the back there is a nice place for people to dine. I was in love with how they displayed the wine behind the bar!! They had all these adorable wine racks and little fridges and everything. I loved the way this place looked and felt. The owner, Jervon, seems very dedicated and enthusiastic. He had no issues with us setting up a little raffle for the group and was quite helpful the entire time. The staff last night was a total of two people; the owner and another lady. Both seemed quite busy as they were the only two there. I believe Jervon is also the cook for this place too (and he's a great cook). For only having two people to run the place, the service was amazing! The food came out quick and the wine was absolutely flowing. Jervon has definitely found his niche in Chester, VA and I will definitely be back often.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,7/18/2013,22,82,3,2,2>*Bar Review only* (Stole that from Jamie D.)  The countless times I've visited minus a small handful at a cafe table near the front window or outside have been at the bar.  There you can enjoy a wonderful menu and incredible wine and beer selections and rub elbows with fellow bar diners.  It's HUGE.  It's lovely.  The music, the lights, the atmosphere is so wonderful you just want to soak in it for hours.  The burgers are the best in town bar none, and the fries - don't even get me started.  The espresso and coffee drinks - magnifique.  Servers flit around you dressed in black and white, and everyone is friendly and professional.If you want to impress clients or just have a few cocktails - come here.  If you're unconcerned about price, come here - it's pricey.  Casual or dressy - it's good for both.  Want a TV - go elsewhere.I love to watch the team of bartenders make amazing cocktails with fresh ingredients and spirits I've never heard of.  The only strange thing is that the service at the bar is GREAT until after you've received your first order - then although they're there around you, they don't seem to come back much even though you're obviously looking for them.I also love to sit by the window and watch West Enders try to parallel park.  Always fun. :)
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/17/2013,125,397,2,7,4>The food here is excellent!  Everything has that fresh, homemade, authentic taste.  I used to live in Northern VA, and the quality is even better than the mountains of Afghan restaurants found up there.  This is a husband-and-wife-run establishment, so service, albeit very kind and friendly, is a bit on the slower side.  The pay, however, is great because everything is fresh and very flavorful.  We are incredibly fortunate to have a place like this.The restaurant itself is nice, elegant inside, and simply decorated, and you would never in a million years guess that it was attached to a gas station if you were blindfolded on the way in.  More people need to discover this gem because everything is very tasty.  I usually only see two or three other people coming and going the whole time I am there, but that is absolutely zero indication of how good the food is.  The chapli kabab is a must-try, by the way, as is the lamb and beef combo platter.  The lamb is outstanding, and I am usually not a lamb fan.Seriously, if you are looking to do something new, you must come here!  Prices are reasonable, $10-$12 average, and there is a good variety to choose from, while not to the point of being overwhelming.  For those in your party who are a bit more hesitant to try something new, there are pizza, burger, and fries options available as well, but they will be missing out on the goods.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,7/16/2013,38,176,3,3,4>Today I tried Proper Pie Co. for the first time and BAM, it's awesome pie!  As I sit on the sofa writing this review, I am kicking myself for not buying more than one slice.  Sigh, I can't drive back to Church Hill tonight!!  I tried the lemon meringue....is was amazing!  The lemon pie was firm with a perfect balance of sweet and tart.  The crust was thin and light.  The meringue was fluffy and toasted on the top.  Perfection!I will def be back to try all the other varieties!  Oh, they also have various beverages and coffee drinks.  And, the staff was super nice and helpful!Cheers.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,3/5/2013,6,31,3,3,3>I have been to Two Sweet dozens of times and there is good reason I have never taken a picture of them. That reason has nothing to do with their appearance (they are in fact beautifully decorated). Rather, the lack of pictures only indicates that when I am within picture taking distance I am consumed with the thought of eating every last one of them. About a year ago they made their Texas sized cupcakes smaller so that they could compete near the price point of the other cupcake shops in town. Ordinarily, less of a good thing is a bad thing, but in the case of these cupcakes I can assure you that you won't be any less satisfied. Two Sweet really is as close to perfection that a cupcake could ever hope for. Their most and flavorful cake doesn't let the delicious icing steal the show which is what I think makes this place exceptional. Each flavor tastes exactly as it is described. Most importantly to this southern girl, their red velvet cake doesn't just taste like devil's food with food coloring. They are definitely generous with the buttermilk for the perfect tang. I could go on an on but I will just hit the highlights with my two favorites:Red velvet- I told you about the cake but the cream cheese icing makes my mouth water. Its just sweet enough and perfectly compliments the bite of the red velvet. When done well it's my favorite cake anywhere and Two Sweet is no exception. Chocolate chip- A vanilla cupcake with chocolate chips mixed in the batter and topped with a fudgey chocolate icing that should make all of the sickeningly sweet chocolate buttercreams around town ashamed to show their faces ever again.Make the drive out west. It'll be worth it. Maybe next time I will muster the strength to take a picture before digging in.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,3/4/2013,5,39,10,9,8>In much of the Australasian part of the Commonwealth of Britain, pies are fast food.  Neil Smith, a New Zealander who made his living cooking on pop stars' tours, met and married Nikki Price, an RVA girl.  Neil missed his Kiwi (affectionate name for New Zealanders, not the fruit) pies.  Neil decided to open a "proper pie" shop here in Richmond, setting his sights on the Church Hill storefront that once housed the dubious ice cream shop It Must Be Heaven.  It wasn't an easy journey, but with help from seed programs and a successful Kickstarter campaign, Proper Pie Co. opened its doors last month, and in that short time has immediately become a Church Hill hot spot and the rave of Richmond.When you hear the term "savory pies," don't think crappy frozen pot pies from the supermarket.  These are true pies with delectably fat-filled flaky crusts and wonderful fillings.  Love meat?  Try the mince and cheese.  Or the (OMG FRIGGIN' AWESOME) sausage rolls, Cornish pasties, steak and mushroom, chicken and kumara ... oh, hell, you won't go wrong with any of them.  Vegetarians and vegans?  You're covered too.  PPC's delicious soups of the day are always vegan and those fantastic crusts envelop fillings such as spinach, mushroom and cheese and lentil.  You can get peach Nehi and Mexican Coke there too.  Oh--did I mention there are sweet pies too?  From British favorites like treacle tart to chocolate raspberry cream and blueberry apple (among others), whatever sweet jones you have can be met.  You're guaranteed to see Neil and Nikki behind the counter when you come in--look for the shaven-headed tattooed guy and the girl with the lip ring--and they and their staff will greet you with cheerful smiles.  There is some counter seating but if you live in the neighborhood (AS I DO FOUR BLOCKS AWAY LET ME BRAAAAG) just get your pies to go, take them home, and stuff your face with pie goodness.  A couple of caveats, though--right now PPC's hours are limited to noon through 6 p.m., although I'm sure that'll be changing.  If they run out of a particular flavor of savory or sweet pie, you're not getting any that day.  See, I told you it was just a couple. With all the recent openings of places offering terrific eats, I must write an ode to my neighborhood:Dear Church Hill:You know I love living here.  I extol your virtues to pretty much everyone I meet, and when I look at the neighborhood, which is so cool that friggin' DANIEL DAY-LEWIS stayed here while he was being Abraham Lincoln for a movie, I'm like "this is so awesome!"There's just one small problem.You're trying to kill me.  I am certain of this, for why else would you inspire a New Zealand native and his Richmond-born wife to open up an amazing pie shop FOUR BLOCKS FROM MY PLACE?  Do you want me to weigh 800 pounds?  Do you want me to show up in a TLC reality show with the end tag being "the side of her house had to be dismantled to remove her body"?  I mean, seriously, there are so many fantastic places to eat popping up on the Hill that there's no possible way one can stay on any sort of diet here.Oh, all right, I'll forgive you.  AGAIN.Love,Me
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/3/2013,291,238,2,7,5>What a gem of a place!  Great place to have a date meal or just great food - a must try.We started with ordering saganaki and grilled octopus.  The saganaki is this amazingly salty cheese that comes out flaming!   The cheese looks to have olive oil already all over it and then you squeeze some lemon on top.  Its served with thick bread that just soaks in the lemon and olive oil.  What a great dish!  The grilled octopus was also killer.  It was so good that we actually contemplated ordering it again!For my main meal I ordered the constantine.  Which is an open faced pita that had cucumbers, tomato, onions, lettuce pilled high.  On top was two zucchini fritters that reminded me of a falafel and fried potatoes (kinda like a Greek french fry but seasoned).  My side was the Greek potato salad and that was killer too!  For a vegetarian dish this was great and the server size was enough that I took half home and ate the rest for dinner! Overall, this was one of the best Greek meals I have had.  Love the place the staff was very friendly and already put our return visit on the calendar.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,3/2/2013,88,97,2,3,2>I think I may have found my favorite spot to eat mexican food. Everything about Chicken Fiesta is delicious. The chicken is so flavorful and juicy, you can't help yourself for wanting more after you've finished. And those sides! Beans with pico de gallo and wild rice PLUS the fried yucca. It's freakin' perfection! Everything tastes very homemade and seasoned very well.If you're on a date and a budget, order the number 4. That'll be enough food for the both of you and then some. Move over Guapo's, this is real tex-mex!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,3/1/2013,17,27,2,5,2>I'll keep it brief.  First, I am very stoked to have bbq in Short Pump! This is a nice, casual dining spot for the whole family, reasonably priced, solid food, and with ample parking. It's not right on Broad so you need to turn into the Kroger plaza and wander back near Kroger to see it. Things I liked: (1) sauce selection at the table. Three types - a sweet, an original, and one called a spicy, but it wasn't. It was still good though. (2) tender pulled pork.  (3) Hush puppies, good and crispy, and not oily. My son liked the fact that they had Cheerwine in the vending machine. The buns were standard and the collards were a little too sweet and a hint too vinegary. The beans were like chili, so if you like that style of beans, then you'll love these. I know this place is very celebrated and I had read  about the owner's BBQ prowess prior to this location's opening. I still need to sample the ribs, but based on all I tasted, I think I can fairly say that the food is solid. Not oh-my-gosh I've died and gone to heaven, but a comfortable and certainly respectable bbq.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/28/2013,126,171,2,3,2>My boyfriend took me there for a Sunday brunch.  He had a Cuban sandwich that was better than those you get at actual Cuban spots, and I had a specialty omelet with artichoke, roasted tomato, ham and feta cheese... absolutely delicious!Food seems to be as local as possible, even their coffee is from a local spot!Absolutely fabulously friendly staff, expert bartender, and a very classy/casual atmosphere.Liked it so much we made reservations for later that day (And do make reservations, it's not a huge place, and it seemed fairly popular.) I would definitely recommend reservations for this place for brunch.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,2/27/2013,6,24,4,8,4>I was majorly stoked to try Saison based off it's name alone, and I was not disappointed!  With a name like that, I (rightfully so) expected a stellar beer menu and they delivered.  They have a great selection of beers on tap at the top and bottom of the price spectrum.  The bottle list was also impressive.  I think they're the only restaurant in RVA that carries Maine Beer Co's Peeper Ale.  That earned them 2 stars alone!  My only suggestion is to make the beer menu (draft and bottle) a little more user friendly., I can definitely see the way it is currently set up intimidating the average beer drinker with little knowledge of craft varieties.The food was awesome!  I went on a really busy night but the service was excellent.  The server and bartender both exhibited a real passion for the menu and bev selections, that is so hugely important, especially in a new restaurant!  I ordered the poutine small plate (although I think it was called something else on the menu) that included the standard brown gravy and cheese curds but added pancetta maybe?  Delish.  My date ordered the chicken which was also great.  The chicken was really tender and flavorful.  The collards?  Psh.  Nothing short of awesome!  The dining area is small and can get a little crowded, but I think that is part of what adds to the charm of this little neighborhood gem.  Loved the menus, I really can't say that enough!  Not just the culinary offerings, but the presentations in the old books, so creative and cool!  The decor in the dining area and bar are very interesting and a nod to the Latin influences in the menu.  The bathroom is 100% Fan hipster and totally charming.This will definitely be put into regular rotation.  Great for dates (maybe not first dates since it can get a little loud) or just drinks and apps with friends.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,2/26/2013,3130,648,2,5,4>I decided to go to Burgerworks for a late lunch.Burgerworks is cool because you can create your own burger in multiple ways or order a signature burger. You can choose everything from bread to toppings. It's only a charge if you add a premium topping. I decided to go with one of Burgerworks signature burgers. I was hungry and didn't want to take forever creating my own burger. I chose the DA B.O.M burger (Horseradish-bacon mayo, smoked Gouda, Sauteed mushrooms, Applewood smoked bacon, crispy hand battered onion rings, Cabot white cheddar, BBQ sauce).I added extra white cheddar and chipotle mayo on the side. Let me tell you, the burger was the bomb! I enjoy every bite of the delicious burger. The meat was nice and juicy. The cheese and topping on the burger is good quality. Burgerworks doesn't short your burger on toppings. I think I've found the best burger in Richmond. I ordered a side of parmesan fries. The chipotle mayo is a great dipping sauce for the fries.The side of fries is enough for 2 or 3 people. During late lunch hours, the restaurant wasn't very crowded (Monday). My food came out fast and hot. The employees were friendly and very attentive. The restaurant was clean.Burgerworks has a nice family atmosphere. I'm definitely coming back to try other burgers on the menu. If you're looking for a good quality burger in Richmond, Burgerworks is a great choice.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,2/25/2013,15,6,2,5,3>Went here for the Wednesday$1 taco lunch special. I had 4 of them: Al Pastor (which is a marinated pork with pineapple), Bistek (beef), and a couple of others. They were small, but tasty. Definitely a great value for $1 each. They come with limes, and two sauce options, an al verde sauce and a spicier orange sauce. Service was lightning fast.The place is on the south end of a small strip mall and their sign is just a banner. It's decidedly no-frills, and pretty small. However, the staff is friendly, and the food tastes good. the fact that it was crowded and most of the patrons were speaking Spanish leads me to believe it's pretty authentic. Not quite as good as Habanero Grill, but closer to the office, and much faster service.Every other Wednesday, I like to hit the Boka Truk when it rolls through here, but this may be my new place to go on the off Wednesdays.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,2/24/2013,32,49,2,3,3>Every time I go here the food is amazing. Consistency is the biggest quality I look at when continuing my patronage at any business. The server seemed like she had several tables that night and everyone at my table was asked for their drink order and given silverware, except me. I ordered a Pork Tenderloin that was on the special that night. It came with pan fried asparagus, beans rice and mango mixture that accompanies many of the dishes and a Pork tenderloin that was stuffed with a sausage. That's right, meat stuffed with meat. I overlooked this when reading the special, but I was completely surprised with this. The meat was cooked to perfection and juicy. I think someone ordered tres leches cake - we had 2 slices for about 8 people. It's super creamy and rich, but worth having a bite if you have room.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,10/4/2012,14,11,,6,2>On the corner of Monroe Street and West Broad lives one of the best sandwich shops in the city. A small and modest produce market and deli, Nick's International Food Market has been a staple of Broad Street for decades. I stop by Nick's at least a few times a month for their incredible tuna sandwich on toasted wheat bread. You will be greeted by the smiling and always witty Tony, who will take your order at the back counter. Tony is the kind of guy who will remember your name and order after a few weeks of stopping by. Grab a drink and some chips and peruse the incredible assortment of spices and international ingredients while you wait. The original Nick arrived in the US in 1951 and his store is now run by his sons, Manuel and Phillip. Nick's market is the kind of place that reminds you why it's important to know your neighbors and greet strangers on the sidewalk. Not to mention, the food is great and the service is warm. I'm a big fan of the tuna sammich but I've also heard awesome things about the Greek salad with anchovies (just try it!). Lastly, if you're on a budget, a sandwich typically will only run you about $5. Stop by Nick's and support one of the last few surviving businesses that are holding down Broad Street!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,10/2/2012,92,144,4,5,4>Very tasty meal. Had the Hill Burger with coleslaw.  The burger was very delicious, and served on a kaiser roll, so it had a lot of oomph.  The coleslaw was tangy vs. sweet, and it was a nice compliment to the burger.  Wife had a classic burger and the shoestring fries.  The shoestring fries are just the fries cut very thin.  I had a bite of each and we were both satisfied.Good vibe.  It has a small pub / neighborhood feel.  A bit small, but we were seated immediately.  Groups may need to come in a little earlier during peak hours.  Lighting was fine, and there was a great balance between the music and the talking.  I didn't have to shout or anything to talk, and I could see my wife fine.  They were playing Sublime tracks at the time, which is a plus for me.Service was fine also, everyone greeted on the way in, and the staff was attentive to our drink levels, asking the right questions, etc.  Meal was about $27 for two sandwiches with sides and an alcoholic beverage each. Not bad, I recommend for a nice little meal.  I'll be back to check out the brunch!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/1/2012,136,144,4,3,3>The Camel rocks!  My past review was positive, but I went there again last night with some people who hadn't been there before and it reminded me what a special thing we've got going here.I love the layout of the place.I love the secret bathroom around the corner from the others.I love that they keep the Red Stripe flowing, with lots of other choices for cheap, delicious beer.I love the stage.I love the band side door that everyone uses when it's unlocked.AND I LOVE NO COVERS! ;)If you can, play a show here and receive half off drinks and food all night.  I got a different sandwich this time (chicken roasted garlic?) and the garlic aioli was damn tasty.  The crust on my sourdough was a bit hard but I ended up eating it like french fries after I tore it off my sandwich.  The bartenders are good at being responsive, and will come and tap you on the shoulder when your food is ready. One of them even came by the wooden booth I was sitting in when I was eating and asked how my food was.  Such service!Street parking only, though across the street in front of Lowe's always seems to be empty so its almost like they have a makeshift parking lot. :)
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,9/30/2012,38,176,2,8,1>Best sushi in Richmond.  Akida is a total hole in the wall place and super small.  I have been going there for almost 10 years and have never had a less than amazing meal.  The fish is always fresh and the rolls are well made.  They now even have the "trendy" rolls for those who don't like traditional sushi. A must try in Richmond.Note: be careful about parking in the Bank of America lot (there are tons of signs saying don't park there); they will ticket and tow.Cheers
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/29/2012,49,116,2,18,9>As a Stratford Hills resident I'm always interested in new restaurants that open in the neighborhood (we need more!). So when I saw that Asian Galaxy closed and was replaced by Evo, I was cautiously excited. While Asian Galaxy had been spread a little too thin to do anything particularly well, the specificity of "Fine Sichuan Cuisine" sounded like an improvement.We went in on a Saturday night with another couple. We tried several dishes, including a few courtesy appetizers the waitress wanted us to take note of. That was a nice gesture - we tried Crispy Chicken with Hot Dry Pepper, which is exactly what it sounds like. Bite-sized pieces of crispy chicken fried in a slightly spicy batter, with dried Sicuan peppers and chopped green onions sprinkled throughout. The ingredients were fresh, and true to its name the dish was very dry. As in not greasy. It went down well with a beer. The other appetizer, Hot Mung Bean Noodle, was served like a soup: hot chili oil with mung beans and thick, squarish rice noodles.  Tasted fantastic, but the noodles were a strange texture - thick and chewy, like Lego noodles. Don't know if that's a bad thing - it's probably traditional, just unfamiliar to me.Everyone was pleased with their entrees. We tried:Cumin Lamb - delicious, spicy cumin-encrusted strips of grilled lamb with peppers and onions.Fish with Hot Dry Pepper - much like the Crispy Chicken described above, but with fresh ginger and red pepper strips added. The portion was generous!Crispy Double-cooked Shrimp and Scallops - in a sweet, mild sauce with bok choySesame Chicken - standard Chinese fare but well-presented.You'll inevitably compare it to Peter Chang's, if you've been there, and I think it holds up well to that comparison. It isn't better, but it certainly isn't worse - AND it isn't in Short Pump! So yay.Staff were all extremely friendly, encouraging, and helpful with ordering choices. Beer and wine is available. The decor remains the same as when Asian Galaxy ran the place - which is actually very comfortable and warm with the cedar-plank walls, etc.So far, I think this is a keeper. I am looking forward to going back and trying more things. Special Note - they are offering a grand opening special of 15% off your total bill through the end of July. So I'll probably be back sooner rather than later.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,9/28/2012,68,266,,4,2>It's hard to find a place in Richmond (at least it is for me) that has "cajun" or southern food, so when I heard of this place I had to check it out! I have been a few times and I have enjoyed myself on each occasion. There is limited seating, about 10-15 tables so expect to have wait if you go during peak lunch/dinner hours. But it's a nice little dingy (in a positive sense) place, kinda reminds me of a place you can find in Diagon Alley for all you HP fans out there. I recommend the fried oysters as a starter, they were very appetizing! Although it is an unusual way of serving oysters, it was just perfectly fried and didn't have too much of a fishy taste. I recommend the Gumbo and Jambalaya, both times I got these entrees, they had the right amount of spicyness. The portions were a tad bit small in my opinion,  so getting an appetizer can make up for that. I went to the cajun festival a couple weeks ago in Norfolk and now I really want to go back again and eat here! Dont forget to like them on facebook, too! I think they have half off entrees on Tuesdays or something like that.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,9/27/2012,69,336,1,9,4>I would have never known there was a lunch counter (serving $4.99 breakfast and $5.99 dinner specials too) if my dad had not taken me here.    So when DH wanted to go out for a real breakfast, this is where I brought him.  What a thrill to get a real breakfast cooked to order (and cooked to perfection) for about $5.  For a Sunday morning, this place was rocking, from everyone to senior church-goers to families and one guy I would swear was a motorcycle gang member.  But no worries, all are welcome and served by a fast and friendly waitstaff.Westbury is also a full service pharmacy (that delivers!) and has a very interesting stock of just about everything else you can think of.  They even have a mini-grocery store in the back that features everything a well stocked kosher pantry and freezer might need.Definitely a West End treasure!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,9/26/2012,42,263,,7,4>I absolutely adore Relay Foods. It is SO convenient and really not expensive, and I love supporting local and organic businesses. The ONE time I had an issue with some raspberries spoiling a little too quickly - GREAT customer service - one email and my money was immediately refunded for the berries with a friendly email back.The rest of the food I've gotten has been SUPER fresh and delicious. White peaches, giant cantelopes the size of basketballs, Hanover tomatoes, and prepared foods from local restaurants. YUM. I will continue to use this service weekly. I like how they have lots of pickup points around Richmond (and Charlottesville!) I can pick up near home, work or my gym.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,9/25/2012,6,75,2,5,3>I truly cannot say enough great things about Pirate Girl Fitness Company! Laurie and Marge, the owners, have truly created something really special that I am so glad I stumbled upon. You'll find that Laurie and Marge provide the perfect balance of tough love which for a gal like me who can get a little whiny when I'm working out is a much needed quality in my trainers!Quick rundown on what your workout at Pirate Girl will be like. This is a kettle bell focused workout but we also use medicine balls, ropes, and our own body weight. Laurie and Marge show us the moves for each station (5-6 stations per circuit), then we do a quick warm up, then comes the actual boot camp where you will divide into teams and conquer, followed by a cool down. Workouts are fast paced, different each day, and effective! For anyone feeling hesitant I always recommend that you do a drop-in. Here's why I love Pirate Girl. I love that their workouts are women-only. That's right - no boys here! I love that this means I can get sweaty, I can grunt, I can really push myself without feeling like I'm being watched or I'm making a fool of myself in front of anyone. I love that Laurie and Marge provide you with what feels like one-on-one training but in a small group setting.I love that their workouts are made for every fitness level and you will never feel defeated. I love that I'm watching myself get stronger. I'm reaching for heavier weights. I'm squatting lower. I'm pushing myself harder every time.I love that not only am I getting a workout but I've made new friends! I meet girls from boot camp for walks at Byrd Park on off days, dinners on the weekend, etc.I love that I'm losing inches and pounds! That is the point of boot camp after all!So why take my advice? Who am I to give advice on fitness, right? Well I can say that since I started at Pirate Girl Fitness Company I feel good, I feel strong and I feel more and more confident after each session. I can also say that not only have I joined Pirate Girl but my two best friends have and even my mom has so that has to say something! Highly recommend!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,9/24/2012,245,1116,2,6,4>Love this little house converted into a restaurant.  It's not the kind of place you discover on your own, but the kind of place you are brought to then introduce others to.  It's a stone's throw from Tan-A, but in the cut where all of the more authentic, less commercial Asian businesses are.  INCREDIBLE pho (best in Richmond... or at least the best I've had in Richmond) served quickly and with a smile.  Pretty good crispy spring rolls, though not the best I've ever had.  Great prices.  Cash only.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,10/14/2012,81,83,3,4,4>Even when I'm in a bad mood and don't feel like being dragged around to antique stores on my days off, Cold Harbor Antique Mall usually has something to bring me partially out of my funk. Whether it's a book I never knew existed, cool military relics, turn-of-the-century personal items, or just the incredibly helpful, educated, and enthusiastic staff, I know I'm going to leave this place in a better mood than when I came in.It works on the "booth system" like you see at West End or Heritage, but slightly smaller than those establishments. Here, however, I feel like the staff has a much more personal relationship with their tenants, and are much better informed about what's in stock, how flexible prices can be, what's coming in later in the week, et cetera. Also, across the board I feel that the items for sale here are more accessible to common collectors, without stooping down to an ad-hoc display of careless junk. The vast majority of things here are carefully thought out, and prices are not set astronomically high.Stopping by this place is a great way to kill a couple of hours on the weekend, and unless you just don't have taste in anything cool, you're pretty much guaranteed to find something you can't live without.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,10/13/2012,26,25,2,5,6>Today was my first visit to Alamo and even in spite of the outdoor-only seating and the 107 degree heat index, I was totally blown away by this place! I tried the BBQ platter which for $9 included two meats and THREE sides. I was able to try the pulled chicken and pork, both of which were flawless. If you've had your fill of VA style BBQ, Alamo's texas style is a great change of pace. The "Boom Sauce" had high expectations built right into the name, but it was surprisingly mellow, adding a not-too-sweet, not-too-hot, not-too-tangy kick without drowning out the smoky goodness of the BBQ.The main attraction here is the BBQ, but the plentiful sides don't dissappoint; The cornbread practically melted in my hands, the sweet potatoes had a bit of honey to them making them nearly a dessert item (in a good way), and the rice and beans were... well... rice and beans. Hard to mess up. Though it might bother some, I actually appreciated the complete lack of greasy, fried sides on the menu!Even without serving beer (which the food practically begs for) or having air-conditioning, I couldn't help but give Alamo a 5. The food is perfect, the service is fast, the price is right, and tucked away in Church Hill, the place has a little bit of a hidden gem quality to it. I certainly don't miss the prices or the lines at Buzz and Ned's after experiencing Alamo. When my BBQ snob friends from NC come visit, this is definitely the place I'll take them.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,10/12/2012,35,136,2,6,3>Thank you, Yelpers! I tried Chicken Fiesta today based on all the great reviews and wasn't even a tiny bit disappointed.First of all, this is probably one of the cleanest restaurants I have ever eaten in. Big points for that. Second, the food is delish. I had the taco platter and my husband had the burrito. Based on the recommendations, we also tried a side of fried yucca. The food was great. Servings left us full, but not overstuffed. The green sauce on the side was fantastic; the yucca was fried perfectly.Service was friendly, customers were a  great mix of people from all different walks of life.Simply awesome.  Oh, and Chicken Fiesta is right next door to La Sabrosita, so we walked over there and bought some pastries to take home. Awesome Saturday lunch!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,10/11/2012,67,18,3,5,4>Came for one drink stayed all night....I went to Pasture with the intentions of starting off an evening out.  I am a bourbon and ginger kind of gal when going to a bar so i was told by the bartender to try their version "The Surry".  This is the best drink in Richmond (if you like bourbon and ginger that is).  This really changed my outlook on the drink and it's just not as enjoyable "plain" anymore.  The Surry has smoked ginger syrup, bourbon, lemon juice and peel and a splash of ginger ale.  I think it was the smokiness of the ginger that made this so unique, complex and just all around sensual.  After seeing how this drink was so amazing i of course had to try a few other of their takes on classic drinks and I wasn't disappointed but I still came back to The Surry at the end.  All the research led to the need for food.  We were seated at the bar and a few of us ordered a few things to split.  The pimento cheese was amazing as were their brussels sprouts.  So perfectly cooked and so much flavor in each bite.  Their cheese plate was also good, but it's just cheese with some jams, honey, etc to dip, so I wasn't expecting anything too new there.  The atmosphere here is very open and had an industrial, country feel.  Reclaimed wood, bare lights, minimal adornments.  Very chic and up and coming.  It's a nice change from the area that I normally do not visit frequently.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/10/2012,26,54,7,5,4>The red velvet cupcake at Pearls is a perfect specimen. It simply does not get better than this. Having had Pearls on many special occasions I feel strongly of my 5 star review. That being said, my review is also only of the red velvet cupcake, because after trying it, there is no reason to venture further. Sure, people tell me they have dozens of other delectable flavors, but listen to me... There is no need to try them after you have had the red velvet. It's that darn good. The icing to cake ratio is perfect, not too much, not too little. The cupcake is moist. Its also the perfect size for a cupcake. No thank you for the monstrous cupcakes around town these days that I cant even take a bite of without embarrassing myself because it's so messy. No sir. That is NOT a cupcake, it's just a normal cake disguised in a paper wrapper. Pearls is a cupcake of perfect proportions. Perfect to eat in every way. Now lets talk icing. Pearls has the most heavenly cream cheese icing. Angels must sing when they make it. It is simply knock yo mama down the best I have had in all my years. Its creamy, dreamy, delicious and drool worthy in every way. You can't beat the icing, you cant best the red velvet cupcake, you cant beat Pearls. You just can't. Ahhhhhmazing.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,10/9/2012,15,64,4,5,4>When I heard Pescado's was closing, I was shocked and deeply saddened....... but then I heard it was opening again as a new concept called EAT, my emotions turned from sadness to tremendous excitement!When I heard that the new menu would be a bit more affordable I was pretty excited because the only reason why I didn't go to Pescado's as much was because of the price.  I went with a big group of people and we made it for happy hour which consisted of a special on shrimp and good drink deals.  I liked the beer selection there and the shrimp was good, not the best i've had.  They also give you a basket of fresh soft pretzels and seasoned popcorn.  I loved the pretzels! yummmmmmmmmmm..... mouth watering....For entrees, I tried the surf and turf sliders, pastrami, korean chicken, and the fish and chips.  All were pretty good and I think I liked the sliders and fish the best.  Through the month of September there is a special on the fish and chips.  The fries here are yucca fries which I liked as well.The fish tacos are still there and I've heard for brunch my fave chicken and waffles are still on the menu.  So you can breath a nice sigh of relief.Everything about the visit was good except the service was a bit slow.  I wasn't in a rush, so it didn't matter much to me.  EAT gets my full recommendation and I will be back again and again and again.......
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,10/8/2012,35,47,8,8,8>I come from a baseball family.  Growing up I was forced to watch so many baseball games - little league, professional, minor league, college - some might say, baseball overload.  So, needless to say, as an adult I generally try to avoid watching baseball at all costs.There's one exception to this rule - I LOVE FLYING SQUIRRELS GAMES!  The Flying Squirrels are so much more than baseball!  They always have a theme, there's always lots of good people watching, they have crazy contests in between innings and they have GIGANTIC beers!  One time, I even got to see a guy get shot out of a cannon!  What more could you ask for in a night out?Yeah they have some pesky baseball in between all the entertainment, but it's totally worth it!  If you're looking for a fun, casual night out, I definitely recommend catching a game!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,10/7/2012,44,25,4,3,5>We came here during Restaurant week on a Saturday night. All the tables were full so I was glad I made those reservations! The hostess looked like she was overwhelmed but she handled it very well. Throughout the night I saw her seat tables, get change for a customer, and help clean tables. The first time I have seen a multi-task hostess in Richmond! We waited for about 5 minutes and were seated at a table on the first floor. For our first course we ordered the fried green tomatoes and the chilled sugarsnap pea soup with crab meat. The tomatoes were delicious! And the aioli was tasty! I wanted more but I stopped myself. The soup was not my cup of tea and my husband commented that there wasn't much of the crab meat. For the main course we ordered the Pan Seared Chesapeake Black Bass with Sweet Pea Risotto, Wilted Swiss Chard and a Meyer Lemon Beurre Blanc and the Jumbo Shrimp served over Wade's Mill White Cheddar Grits, finished with Grilled Andouille Sausage, Onions, Peppers, Tomato, and Spinach in a Shrimp Broth. I am a huge fan of risotto and this risotto was just ok. (I was a little disappointed.) It needed more flavor, however, it went well with the fish. My husbands shrimp was amazing. So many ingredients that worked well together and the broth added the final touch. And finally for desert, we ordered the Coconut Cake and Isabel Natural Goat Cheese Custard with Mixed Peppercorn and White Wine Poached Pear. Both very good. I am not a fan of the coconut cake and I couldn't stop eating. After I realized my pants were getting a lil too tight, I finally stopped eating the desert.  The service was very attentive and polite. The bartender was very generous (always a good thing!) The food came out at a good pace and the ambiance was comforting that went along with the food. There was a couple at the next table, I assume on a first date, and the lady spoke like she had a mic.. so the whole first floor pretty much knew her entire life. It was getting annoying as the night went on. Overall I would definitely come back to Julep's minus the loud lady at the next table!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,10/6/2012,125,397,2,6,4>I came here for brunch after hearing so much about it.  The wait is pretty much inevitable, and there's nowhere to wait inside so you wait out on the patio where they have picnic tables and serve alcohol.  When it's cold outside, this is definitely the last place you want to be, even for 5 minutes.  The wait for small parties isn't bad at all, but this isn't the place to bring parties larger than 2 people because it causes a significantly longer wait.I had the Barn and Bay sandwich (crab and egg with country ham), and it was tasty with just a slight bit of saltiness, but it didn't quite seem balanced to me, and it had tons of shell in it.  The flavor just wasn't quite balanced though...it was missing some sort of contrast like some Sriracha sauce or a touch of some sort of mildly sweet fruit spread.My boyfriend had the green eggs and lamb, which I loved!  The portion was a bit small, but the flavor was perfect with lots of herbs.  The lamb sausage was great--not much fat and no strong, game-y flavor.  I actually didn't order this because I was afraid it would taste strong, but not at all.  I'd order this over my sandwich in a heartbeat.  A huge downside for me was that none of the plates were a complete meal.  Everything was a la carte.Another important note is that the restaurant capacity is very small, like about 30 people so, again, this is not for larger parties.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,10/5/2012,129,78,5,5,5>Oh, Comfort, I hope you like me as much as I like you, because I plan on making myself a regular.The first time i tried Comfort was on the recommendation of a co-worker when I was staying at a near by hotel. It was a Tuesday, and I figured getting a good buzz on and trying out more local food sounded just divine. To the bar I go!I started with a French 75 (the gin version please), and perused the menu. After asking the bartender if I should go for the fried green tomatoes or do a veggie plate, he recommended I combine those and let me do a "side" of the tomatoes and a side of the mac n cheese. I dove into the cornbread basket and eagerly awaited my goodies.Honestly, I wish I had just gone with the tomatoes. They are so good. I mean, real good. The mac n cheese was eh and kind of reminded me of Luby's (try it for yourself, I've only had it once, maybe I was wrong). But I will confess here that I actually like Luby's mac n cheese, i just expected more from Comfort. I rounded out the meal with a couple of glasses of a very good Tempranillo the barman recommended. Overall I was pleased.Fast forward to a week and a half later and I took the family here one night while they were helping me move into my new place. We put our name on the list and sauntered up to the bar for some vino. Shocker. You'll see this pattern repeats itself often. I promise I don't weigh 500 pounds.We were seated quickly and of course had to get the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer, and then decided to split the fried soft shell crab with 3 sides as an entree. It was MORE than enough food!The soft shell crab was cooked pretty much perfectly with a seasoned batter than went really well with the crab but didn't overwhelm it. The squash casserole was fantastic. Cheesy and chunky, and all things a good casserole should be. We also order the brussel sprouts (I love them, and these did not disappoint), and the cheddar cheese grits, which were nothing but creamy buttery goodness. Thoroughly enjoyable experience and I can't wait to go back. Mainly because I ordered the brussels before I saw they had fried okra and home girl needs to try that stat.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/3/2013,55,162,,4,2>Agreed, agreed and agreed. Superb service, delicious food (with just that perfect dash of uniqueness), and a delightful, open setting make this French cafe/restaurant a perfect place for a fast (or leisurely) sit-down lunch. Not only does the food arrive within 5min after ordering up front with the cashier, the food is delivered hot right to your table. Plus, the owner/manager exudes the essence of customer service with his bright smile and helpful demeanor; he even brought over a couple of their housemade ketchups for us to try (delish!). Even a small gesture goes a long way in improving the overall dining experience.Only issue might be street parking as it's located downtown, though there is a pay-by-hour garage right next to this corner cafe. Highly recommended: Curry chicken sandwich with choice of side ~$10 with tax/tip. It's a fairly large portion. - delectable curry mix- my side: French fries, which had just the right crunch paired with a choice of regular ketchup, curry ketchup, or the slightly spicier dip (has a secret ingredient). The menu also includes crepes, other sandwiches, soups, salads. I'll definitely be back to try some more!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/2/2013,84,184,,5,4>Bought a Groupon deal for The Well and was not disappointed!  They have $5 food specials, Monday-Saturday from 5pm-8pm and we ended up ordering the $5 cod sandwich on a Friday night.  For a $5 fish sandwich, we were definitely pleased!  The fries are more like British-style "chips" - not totally crispy and served with malt vinegar so the fries can soak it up.  The Well adds a genius twist to their fries by adding lots of Old Bay seasoning - and I have a serious love affair with Old Bay!  P.S. leftover fries make for great breakfast potato hash browns the next morning.  Just sayin'!We also ordered 6 hot wings which were HUGE; fried with a good amount of heat.  I kinda wish they offered a "naked" wings option (not fried) but that's a personal preference.  I never comment on House Salads, but The Well serves an awesome one with artichokes, cheddar, avocado, and a poppy seed dressing; highly recommend this one!Atmosphere is casual and service is friendly.  You have the option of sitting at the bar, tables, or booths.  Oh and check out the restrooms - entertaining wall art!  I definitely plan to return for future happy hours and Date Night on Mondays/Tuesdays - $28 for 2 entrees, 1 dessert, and 2 draft beers or 2 glasses of wine.  They also have karaoke on Wednesdays (score!) and DJs/live music on Fridays/Saturdays.Check this place out next time you're in the VCU area; I think The Well will definitely become one of my to-go spots!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,10/1/2013,207,132,,5,3>It's entirely possible that this will get a 5-star update, given the terrific experience I had at happy hour the other day. This review is based on a single experience, so .. updates are required, right?Sat at the bar, and that's my only real kvetch with Deco. The barstools are about as comfortable as a wooden church pew, without the back. Also, there's no foot rail on either the bar or the stools, which makes for an uncomfortable sitting experience for an adult human. That said, everything else was molto bene: the Sicilian red house wine was highly drinkable, and the Sicilian Street Food items I ordered (panelle and caponata) were delicious. Based on that one happy hour - and the conversation I had with owner/chef Giuseppe Safidi - I'm in the solid-fan column. Giuseppe showed me the architectural drawings for a patio he's working on for outdoor dining, which will add seating options and open up the place a bit.I can see why Deco won a local restaurant award - and I'm looking forward to working my way through the whole menu.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,9/30/2013,126,171,2,6,3>I've been here SO many times for their 3 for $20 happy hour special and they have never disappointed me. First of all, they have wonderful drink specials during happy hour. $5 glasses of house wine is what I usually get and I'm definitely a fan of their house wine (even though I know it comes from a box, lol). As for the appatizers, I've tried most of them and ones that stand out the most to me are.... The pulled pork quesadillaThe meat/cheese trayThe ahi tuna These three make a wonderful meal when put together and it looks so pretty on the plate. Everything just tastes SO good. The pulled pork quesadilla comes with a BBQ sauce on the side and some delectable coleslaw. The meat and cheese tray comes with some olives, pickles, three different types of meat, and some cheese and fruit to go along with it; not to mention the little pieces of bread that are toasted to perfection. The ahi tuna comes in a wine glass and tastes wonderful. The tuna is nice and fresh and there are little pieces of seaweed salad to accompany it. If you're in the area and want a nice, classy, tasty, and friendly atmosphere to go after work or for dinner, this place is definitely one you need to try. You will absolutely not be disappointed.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,9/29/2013,114,325,2,6,3>I had a Groupon for this place so I decided to try it out for lunch. It's located in kind of an isolated place as part of the Atrium Lofts/Cold Storage apartment complexes. The restaurant itself is spacious with high ceilings. There are plenty of large windows so it's very bright during the day. There is a warehouse feel due to the nature of the building. There are some cool, big red cylindrical lamp shades hanging from the ceiling. You can also see the wood-burning oven in the corner near the entrance.I wanted to try the octopus appetizer, but it was not on the menu. I ordered calamari instead. My two dining companions and I decided to order the 18" strip pizza, which allowed you to pick up to three different pizzas. We tried the Capricciosa, Delizia, and Fig & Prosciutto for our three thirds. The pizza was cut so that there were four slices of each pizza, so we all got to try one slice of each kind and a second slice of our own respective picks. My roommate and her fiance also ordered a panini to split.All of the food was fantastic! The dough was of very high quality, and cooked with skill, such that the pizza was soft and chewy in the middle while crispy on the outside. I am usually not a pizza fan (I will usually only eat thin crust), so this traditional Italian pizza was perfect for me. It wasn't drenched in melted mozzarella. =PI really enjoyed my pizza. The Delizia and Fig & Prosciutto are actually almost identical, but the clear favorite of the meal was the Fig & Prosciutto. The fig sauce really provided a pleasant hint of sweetness. I was thoroughly pleased with my calamari as well, as there were lots of tentacles (I prefer legs to center rings) and it was fried to a crisp texture without being overly battered. Our server was very friendly and attentive as well, which just added to the overall great experience. I can't wait to come back! =)
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,9/28/2013,51,183,,3,2>It's a store filled with chocolate, chocolate, more chocolate, and then some other sweets occupying every spare inch of space. What's not to love?!? If there's a chocolate treat you love or that you had somewhere in Europe or as a child and haven't seen it since, it's here. Display cases filled with artisan treats, endless bins of candies, baking chocolate, cocoa powders, novelty candies, candied violets - if it's sweet (or semi-sweet or bittersweet), this store has it. It's often busy, making the already cramped space seem even tighter. Just take a deep breath and inhale the chocolate scent that permeates the air, smile at your fellow chocoholics, and let the friendly staff fill your chocolate fix.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,9/27/2013,33,98,2,4,3>A huge new asset to Fan living. The banh mi was the best I've ever had. A full satisfying meal with high quality toppings. The side salad was actually good, not an afterthought like most places. One of the best meals you can have for $8.50. Why go to Panera? Pick-up only, but the owners are very fast and super nice.Can't wait to go back.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,9/26/2013,54,120,2,4,2>good quality, portions a bit small tho
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,9/25/2013,85,143,,9,6>I must have passed this place more than 100 times and though I always was curious I never stopped by.  After stopping here tonight for the first time I'm a bit sad it took me two years to try 5 Star Gyros & Subs.  I decided on drive through since I'd had a long day at work.  I pulled up, ordered my food and the speaker and pulled around to pay and get my food.  The guy that served me at the window was very polite, asked me if I needed any ketchup.  I ordered the lamb gyro and decided to make it a combo with onion rings and drink which came out to $11.14 total. It's a tad pricier then I would have preferred or expected but after eating to food I can't say the value is terrible.The gyro had feta, tomato, and tzatziki sauce. I opted for no onions and I think they left the lettuce off as well which I was fine with. The lamb was flavorful and tasty.  Next time I would probably skip the tomatoes to since they a little mushy. The onion rings were really good and made with real onions.  They were all crispy and didn't get all limpy even after the drive home. The gyro burger interests me so I think I'll need to try that next time.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,9/24/2013,21,129,2,5,1>Where does one start when reviewing a pie-based restaurant? It's certainly pie-rrific! (har har har) I've been wanting to try this place for a long time, so I was thrilled when we were invited for a family lunch. I ordered a brekkie pie and a slice of banoffee. I was outrageously excited to see banoffee pie on an American menu. (bananas + toffee= perfection) I loved the brekkie, but next time plan to try the steak and blue cheese. The banoffee pie was amazing and even my boyfriend and his mother agreed. The service was on point and ordering for 6 people and to NOT make a mistake, I was super impressed. They were super efficient. I hope this place stays around for a long time because it is really awesome.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,4/7/2012,207,132,3,7,6>This is one of the places that makes Richmond a city, vs. a small-town wanna-be. A butcher shop that practices the art of the carve, the zen of the plate, the perfection that is pork, the lusciousness of lamb, the sensuality of the sirloin.Granted, this place would give a vegan the vapors. Omnivores, however, flock to this palace of meaty goodness knowing that what's here is prime, and the staff will help you select the absolutely perfect protein for your dinner table.If you entertain, this could easily become your Cathedral of Meat. Gorgeous sausages and other charcuterie loveliness in addition to clean (no hormones, no junk) meats from sustainable farms.Don't wait. Go see Tanya and her crew TODAY. You'll thank me.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,4/6/2012,19,90,2,3,3>This place. THIS PLACE.UNF. I can't say enough good things. I've been here several times before, but went here today and decided it was finally time to give it a good Yelp review. Nay, a SUPERIOR Yelp review. The owners are super kind, very passionate, and very helpful. Just make the time to talk to them and they'll want to talk to you.Everything in this place is locally sourced. You can get most everything gluten free, vegetarian, pescetarian or vegan. It's awesome. A good friend (my brunch buddy) and I were pleasantly surprised to discover their $20 mimosa pitcher special. It yields about 4-5 mimosas per person, which ensures you'll really enjoy your brunch. I mean, the brunch is superior whilst sober, but who doesn't love $20 mimosas?I ordered the Salmon Eggs Benedict, which was practically perfect in every way. The salmon is PERFECTLY house-cured and served over biscuits (excellently made) and eggs perfectly poached and a delectable hollandaise. My dining companion got the loaded breakfast crepe and a cappuccino and was very happy with his choices, too. Yes, the portions are smaller than you're probably used to, but they're still filling and definitely worth the money. Just get yourself over there. They just won a Travel Channel commercial so they're going to get a ton more popular. Seriously, you won't regret it.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,4/5/2012,0,1,,3,3>My husband and I have been to Addis twice now, and each time it gets better! The service is prompt, the waitstaff is very knowledgeable about all the dishes and will happily answer any questions you have, and the food is absolutely delicious. The portions are very large - we always have great leftovers for the next day and they're not stingy with the extra injera. The first time we went because of a Groupon, and we went back again and took my parents for my mother's birthday. The best way to introduce yourself to the cuisine is to order one of their combinations. We tried the meat combination which let you choose 3 meat dishes, and the vegetarian combination that included all 6 veggie dishes offered. Our favorites were the misir wot (red lentils), yekik alicha (yellow split peas), and Keye sega wot (beef bebere). The owner of the restaurant came out both times we visited to speak to his customers, checking to see if everything was good and chatting with everyone to make them feel comfortable and at home. I highly recommend this restaurant for dinner.My parents were equally thrilled with their dishes, and because they live close by will certainly go back and visit again soon. I see from other reviews they do takeout, so I can foresee us placing orders to pick up on our way home after visiting my parents.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,4/4/2012,51,183,2,4,6>I've been searching for a good pizza in Richmond and 8 1/2's is probably the best I've had in the city so far (although I've only tried Bottom's Up, Stuzzi, and Pizza Tonight - a close second to 8 1/2.) The crust is super flavorful and nicely chewy. I followed the advice of some other reviewers and made sure to order some bread as well.The bread was so good and the perfect vessel for the anchovies they have for sale. The cannolis are addictive. Other indications that this is a great place to eat: it just smells authentic and delicious as soon as you walk in the door and has a constant flow of customers. It's a bit of a drive for us (about 20 minutes) so the pizza isn't piping hot when we get home. Even slightly hot-warmish, it's delicious. If they ever start delivering or add seating, I'll be in pizza heaven.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,4/3/2012,114,325,6,12,8>Let me preface by saying that this is not the best Chinese food I've ever had (not by far). However, Yelp says five stars means "Woohoo! As good as it gets!". And for Richmond, this is certainly as good as it gets when it comes to Chinese. This was the first time I ate at a Chinese establishment since moving to Richmond. As a native, I have very high standards when it comes to eating at Chinese places, so I had been reluctant to eat Chinese in Richmond (a lot of places seemed like the all-too-typical Americanized fare). But after hearing such rave reviews about Peter Chang, I was excited to see what all the hubbub was about. The restaurant did not disappoint! I called ahead to make a reservation for my party of five, which was a good call because the restaurant was packed even at 8:30PM (granted, it was a Saturday night). We were seated within ten minutes.This restaurant is still very new! It's spacious, which is great for accommodating large groups (and necessary considering how much business this place is ALREADY getting). I really like the decor; it's very bright and colorful, and the butterflies hanging from the ceiling add a nice touch. The dining patrons seemed to be a mix of Caucasians and Asians; I even saw the Tan A workers/owners come to dine during my meal! You know this restaurant is legit if you can appeal to natives.I was SO excited that there was Chinese on the menu (since I don't know the names of dishes in English), and that the waitress for our table spoke Mandarin. (I have been desperately craving opportunities to speak Mandarin!) I was also ecstatic that "dishes" such as Orange Chicken and Beef w/Broccoli, although on the menu, did not feature prominently (it makes me cringe that so many people think those kinds of dishes are authentic Chinese food). I'm hoping that this will give many people the chance to experience REAL Chinese food (in Richmond at least). The variety of offerings available at Peter Chang's China Cafe will definitely allow people to branch out and try something they would never have found at "insert-name-of-Americanized-fast-food-chain-here"­! Let's talk about the food (also, see attached photos). Sichuan/Szechuan food is known for its numbing spice. While I was prepared for the worst when my table ordered Peter Chang Duck in Stone Pot (three chili symbols), the dish wasn't actually that spicy. Surprisingly, the Fish with Sour Cabbage Soup (one chili symbol) was the spiciest dish of the night. We also ordered Crispy Pork Belly (one chili), which came served in this really cool bamboo cone, Tofu with Vegetable in Clay Pot (not spicy), and Basil Eggplant (not spicy). [Sidenote: we had to ask for chopsticks and white rice.] All the dishes were excellent, and many of the other Chinese people in my party remarked that they couldn't believe we were actually dining on this kind of Chinese food in Richmond, VA! I did not have input into the selection of dishes for dinner (since my friends picked all of the dishes), so I definitely will be back to try some of the things that interest me.Service was fine (again, I was happy to be able to speak Mandarin). Our waitress, Snow, was a little ditzy at times (bringing us four glasses of water but six teacups and six bowls for our party of five), but she was very sweet and helpful throughout the meal. The $7-8 lunch special dishes seem like a bargain too. This restaurant will definitely be a huge incentive for me to make more frequent trips to Short Pump. =)FYI: For those of you not literate in Chinese, the character underneath the chili pepper in the sign is Chang (spelled "Zhang" in hanyu pinyin), Peter's surname!P.S. I just had to go in and edit my review because Yelp does not support Chinese characters. =\ What is up with that?!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,4/2/2012,13,34,2,5,3>We wanted to give Pasture a try as it is one of the newer restaurants in town and one of the pioneers in redeveloping that forlorn stretch of E. Grace St. west of the Carpenter Center. We thought the food was great. Though the place was packed on a Saturday night, our server did not rush us and encouraged us to order as we saw fit, all at once or in rounds as we determined how much more we wanted to try. My brother is vegan and he found plenty on the menu to keep him satiated and interested. We especially enjoyed the House Pickles plate which included beets, cauliflower, green beans, and pickles. We tried the a plate of Virginia hams which came with mustard and pickles. We also tried the pimento cheese, lamb sausage, brussel sprouts and the cheeseburger. We thought the brussel sprouts were a true standout, tossed with pecans, winter squash, and what looked like preserved lemon rinds. A good selection of draft beers and one cider which my wife always appreciates. I agree with Brett H. that the place is a bit too loud. At 8:00pm as we sat down, with no empty tables and a full bar, the place was a bit overwhelming. We were able to carry on good conversation, though, so... Overall, we all left very happy with Pasture and would come back again.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,4/1/2012,44,170,,8,2>Started coming here for the first time in the 2011 season once it opened and I am a die hard fan now.  Every Saturday that we are in town, I try and make sure that we make it to one of Richmond's best farmers markets.It's great to see farmers markets really grabbing the attention of more and more people to buy and eat local.  It helps out our farmers and artisans!So beyond the fact that there are an abundance of vendors varying from fresh produce, meat, seafood, pasta, artwork, cheese, etc...there are a couple things I really want to highlight.1.  Belmont Butchery Food Cart:-We came around 11 so we could eat lunch and shop and we ordered the Belmont Butcher Burger, it was handsdown the BEST burger i've ever eaten.  Perfectly cooked with carmelized onions, blue cheese and delicious mayo slathered all over it.  If you've had it before, you know what I'm talking about.2. Yoder's-homemade donuts. Wow...what can I say...sugar, sugar, and deliciousness. Nom nom nom.A word of advice, parking is tricky and give yourself some time to find a parking space and don't worry...there will be plently of goods left over for you.Go here and support our local businesses!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2011,3/31/2012,264,294,5,5,3>I'm still a little confused by what Virginians consider "BBQ." I got scolded for referring to a "Cook-Out" as a "BBQ" per California standards but I know better than to argue with a Southerner about meat cooked over open flame.Buz and Ned's certainly delivers on said meat cooked on a grill. Babyback Ribs were tender and flavorful, and the sides were pretty stellar. We had the mac and cheese, bourbon apples, coleslaw, potato salad (some of the best I've had in a long time), sweet potato fries, and hushpuppies (could do without, they were pretty dry). Even the anti-Richmond boyfriend was pleasantly surprised! The only food disappointment was with the brisket, which was lacking in flavor and texture.The fun atmosphere and great drink selection (fun sodas, a lot of beer) also make Buz and Ned's a great place to be. I would give them 4 stars normally but I'm so weirded out by their recycling policy, and the service is pretty disorganized. True, we're not in the recycling capital of the world but I don't understand why they would spend the extra money to spring for compostables and sell drinks in recyclable glass bottles when they throw everything in the trash. It is such a waste of money and resources!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,3/30/2012,8,93,2,3,6>Still a 5 star place without a doubt.Little bit of info, I work at a bank and was buying lunch for my staff of 10 people and they decided on bbq as their meal of choice. I think Alamo is the best BBQ in Richmond so I called them up to see if I could place an order a day in advance so I could just swoop in and pick it up and be back at the branch to feed the hungry masses as soon as possible.Flash forward to next day...to my delight, they had my food hot and ready the moment I arrived. I payed about $80 for bbq for 11 people. That is a really good deal. My staff was all very happy with the taste and the quality of the food and the sides.The best part of the experience was while I payed for my food another employee came out with the food in hand, bagged ready to go with each bag named individualy mind you, and with out me asking or even thinking to ask, he helped me to my car because I had too much stuff to carry. That is some kick ass service right there. It may have been a simple and small act but it's these little things that make all the difference.Alamo I salute you.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,3/29/2012,98,280,6,9,3>Everyone in the office is really nice and friendly.  As Doug said, you don't have to wait long.  They will also talk to you like you're a human being and accommodate any requests.  I'm normally not afraid of dentists at all, but when I saw that big ole novocaine needle my mouth snapped shut, "Could I?  Could I get some gas or something?"  Within seconds I had a mask on my face and was chilling out, needles be damned!  They didn't judge or hem and haw at all. While I think that maybe the cleaning they gave me could have been a little more thorough the fillings I need were done quickly and professionally.  I can't even tell that they're there!The only thing I wish they'd change is the TVs.  There are TVs EVERYWHERE here.  One in the front room and one above every dental chair.  I know Americans generally like their TV, but I don't.  I will admit though, that it is super trippy to be listening to Rachel Ray while nitrous oxide is getting pumped into you and a dental light is shining down on you like the second coming of Christ.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/13/2013,207,132,3,4,4>Want to channel your inner hipster while caffeinating as a locavore? You can multitask that list all in one place, while also allowing your vegan/gluten-free pals to avoid anaphylaxis and angst. All at once!Only thing you won't get is a smoke-free experience on the patio (which is the best place to sit), but you can't have everything.You can, however, have some outstanding coffee, with some very tasty accompaniments. Served by folks who love what they do.Overall: win.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,1/12/2013,22,82,2,2,2>Racine!  Where have you been the entire time I lived down the street (10 years)?!  I don't know why I didn't stop by sooner.I'm not Racine's typical customer - alt/hipster (from what I can tell by my first time early on a weeknight) but it's my kind of place.  Divey/chill, good beer selections, good vibe, great music, cool people, inexpensive, and genuinely cheery bartender/server-types.  Bar/diner menu.  I heard the bathroom's a bit sketch.We try wings where ever we go.  They were tasty but on the smallish side, and the dressing was fine but not great.  Cukes were though.  Great happy hour drink specials.We will be back and try more stuff.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,1/11/2013,35,26,2,4,2>I love my new Yelp app as it guided me to this Bistro and wine bar. The ambience was very contemporary and upscale feel to it.  It has bright lights and a lot of business which adds to the appeal.  Located off the James River and rockets landing I also found parking very convenient. As a wine coinsurer I did find the wine list fairly small, but still gave it five stars because it was a complete list of both reds and whites.  We started with a bottle of The Furst Gewurztraminer, Alsace France. Not a big white drinker but the Gewurtz is a drinkable wine especially when it is from its origin, Alsace. Paired this wine with the deep fried pork sriracha, figured spice with spice and I was right, remarkable. Next wine was a Burgundy. I tend to stay in Oregon for my Pinot but will occasionally venture to the home land for this wine. I ordered the Chorey Les Beaune which was a fine selection.  I seem to find my French Pinot a little dirty and farm like so with that I ordered the Lamb Chops.  I loved the asparagus and the balsamic reduction sauce with the meal. My service was great from the host down to the busser!  M Bistro and wine bar is a must stop if you're in the area.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/10/2013,16,20,4,5,3>Mai Mai do I love this place.  To say I have an addiction is an understatement.  True confession: Last night the delivery driver said, "Hey, didn't I see you at the restaurant last night?"  Let's just say I took the food and ran in humiliation.On to the real review: this place is a gem.  I didn't give it 5 stars because I need to explore other RVA options before I can name it the best.  Few people know about Mai because it's back in an alleyway where you can't see it from the village front.  However, once you've found it, life changes.  The restaurant itself is rather small but I've never had to wait. (Although, I mostly go during the week.)  In the past the service was iffy, but they have a new woman hostessing who is fabulous.The sushi is excellent, and well presented.  NOTE: They currently don't have brown rice.  Although, the chef has been working on it and said to expect the option in the near future! (Yes, we're on that level.)  The best part....they DELIVER!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/9/2013,55,162,2,8,5>Easy to schedule, good service, honest folks, quick turnaround. I came for a synthetic oil change and annual inspection. When I called to make my appointment, they talked a good while with me on the phone to establish a quote (had to make sure I could afford it). I was 30min late to my appointment, but the mechanics at the desk were accommodating, saying it was totally fine. Took a little over 1.5hrs, and all I had to do was sit in a nearby Carytown/Fan coffeeshop (there are several, and highly recommended) and wait for the phone call to tell me my car was ready. They even had couches in the reception area in case you wanted to wait there (or are just too lazy to move without your car).I felt confident, as other Yelpers did, that the mechanics would only charge me the amount they needed to and again at an extremely fair price without all that "fluff". I'd highly recommend this crew for any and everyone. Definitely a go-to mechanics shop.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,1/8/2013,16,82,7,5,5>My eyes met your sign from across the crowded Cary Street.  You, a snazzy new clothing consignment store and me, a girl who loves unique pieces at bargain prices.  I spent an hour falling deeply in love with you...your guarantee that no price is over $30, your "by the pound" super baragins, your amazing selection of shoes, dresses, skirts, tops...I contemplated not telling my husband about you, thinking maybe I could get away with simply saying, "What, this old thing?" if he ever asked if my $8 J Crew dress was new.  But then I became concerned that if I ever whispered your name in my sleep he might get the wrong idea (Oh, Ashby).  I can't wait to see you again...
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,1/7/2013,55,48,3,6,5>The first frozen yogurt establishment in the Bon Air community to offter tasty frozen yogurts with a toppings bar, fresh fruit smoothies, bubble tea and ice cream flavors. The interior is brightly decorated with seating for children with a tv. It's a fresh new look with a friendly staff. It's a family owned business and has that family friendly appeal compared to most of the other franchised frozen yogurt shops.  The family is originally from Bon Air which makes the place even more special. Give this place a try in good ol' Bon Air.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,1/6/2013,119,447,,4,5>Evo is really a step up from what used to be Asian Galaxy. While Asian Galaxy lacked focus on a certain cuisine and despite having good service, settled to do a few things decently, Evo decides to stick to one thing and do it very well.We started out with an order of fried dumplings and hot and sour soup. The soup was good, the dumplings were okay. They were a little heavy for my taste. The fillings just didn't make me want to finish them.We also had the spicy crispy baked shrimp and the beef ho fun. Both of those dishes were very good, the shrimp especially. The spicy shrimp is true to it's name. It starts as a subtle heat that ends up sneaking up on you after you've taken your first bites. The dish is not coated in sauce, it is actually surrounded by hot peppers, snap peas, and peanuts. The spice is dry and baked into the shrimp. I'd recommend it if you don't mind spicy food. The ho fun was cooked well and just the right amount of greasy. I usually don't like lo mein, which is a staple at most Chinese takeout places, so having the opportunity to order something different is always good.The interior and staff are still the same. One plus is the fact that you can order your food online. Super convenient and a feature that I miss from NoVA/DC restaurants.Evo is better than your average Chinese takeout place, and really stands out as place to visit on that side of town.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,1/5/2013,61,189,1,5,5>There are three things I ask of an airport: 1) convenient parking, 2) free WiFi, and 3) quick baggage claim.  The RIC gets 5 stars on all three!  1) I've probably flown out of and into RIC a hundred times in the past several years, evolving from the old airport to the new one we have now.  I usually park in the Daily lot because it's right next to the terminal and I'm usually running short of time. Plus, $10 a day is a decent price compared to many airports.  Lots of parking spots, Express Pay to speed up my exit, and well-marked spaces so I can find my car 10 days later.  My only peeve...occasionally, I have more than just my suitcase and need a SmarteCarte to carry boxes, etc. I've heard there is a cart dispensary somewhere in the parking garages but I know it's never near where I need it to be. Let this be my unofficial request to the airport deciders to please put one on each floor of the garage, at least near the elevators so they can be found/used. It's a royal pain to make 2 or 3 trips from the car to the ticket counter. Thank you for your consideration! :)2) In 2012, wireless Internet is like a public restroom. It's gotta be there and it's gotta work. While it's not the fastest Internet service available, it's free. It lets you send those last few emails, update your FB status, or read the headlines while you're waiting to board. 3) When I come home from a trip, the last thing I want to do is wait forever for my bags to come out. I don't know how these guys do it but I swear I can usually get off the plane and be in my car driving within 15-20 minutes, checked bags in hand. It's amazing and I've not seen an airport this efficient. Well done!I know we usually don't have much of a choice in our airports. Unless you want to drive to Norfolk or DC, this is it. It's great that we have a good one here in Richmond!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,1/4/2013,100,236,,3,3>I have heard a lot about Peter Chang's Restaurant and how you must get their early if you want to sit and eat.  So, I got there at 5:30p and the place was packed with people waiting in line.  Amazing!   However, I was able to sit down right away when I gave my name as they had a table for ONE.  I saw many items on the menu as they do have photos with each dish.  I have never heard of some of these item like Three Pepper Hot Iron Skillet and many others.  This is not the usual Chinese Restaurant in which I am use to going into.  The Young server was very busy and when she took my order, I decided on the Chicken Three Pepper Iron Skillet with White Rice.  In addition, I order additional Hot Peppers for additional kick for taste and heat.  When the dish came out it was sizzling on a Iron Skillet piping HOT!   I was impressed as it reminded me of Fajitas at a Mexican Restaurant.  It has an amazing taste, however because they are so busy, it was hard finding your server for anything you may need.  I had to call the upfront manager over for the Soy Sauce and water.... Otherwise I would have given it a 5 Star Rating.  They need to hire additional servers as they are extremely busy with too many tables for one server... Because of this, you are somewhat forgotten and you may have to defend for yourself in wanting to get something which they had forgotten to bring.  The tables turn over quickly I noticed, so do not let this discourage you in wanting to go.  It is worth the wait and I saw many other items on the menu in which I want to try.  I can understand the Hype on Peter Chang's as it is not like the "Usual" Chinese Restaurant where the food is bland and unappetizing.  It is excellent in taste and the flavors in the food are Outstanding....    I am looking forward in going back and I posted a photo of my Chicken Three Pepper Iron Skillet...    See you there!  :-)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,10/18/2014,35,136,3,7,6>I am going to make myself a regular at this sushi spot. I had been meaning to stop in for quite some time, but finally got around to it last week and it is pretty great. I ordered the lunch special: 3 rolls, miso soup and a salad. The miso and salad were forgettable. I thought the soup was flavorless and the salad was watery. I thought I had made a big mistake eating here...and then the sushi arrived. It was fantastic! It was super fresh, nicely rolled and incredibly delicious. My advice: skip the soup/salad and order sushi. Lots of sushi. P.S. This place doesn't look like much from outside, but it is cute and clean inside. The staff is very friendly, too! Southsiders are not allowed to complain about not having great food on this side of the river if they don't patronize the places that are awesome.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/17/2014,6,47,5,4,5>The best nibbles in town, hands down.  I love this place for so many reasons.  Let me name them...pimento cheese-comes with a bag o crackers.  Very good.  Black eyed pea falafel -good, a little dry.  House pickles YUM.  Steak Tartare is my fave.  I've ordered it twice on multiple occasions.  That wee quail egg is divine!  Crispy pork ribs : tried on the bartenders recommendation.  SOOOO GOOD.  Crispy and meaty at the same time, and the white sauce is fantastic.  I've also had the candy bar dessert.  So yummy!  Drinks are great too...I've at least tried all of their specialty drinks, the Amelia is my favorite.  Great wine selection also.  All bartenders are amazeballs, but I can't give an opinion on the other waitstaff as I've only ever sat at the bar.  Go here now. :)
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/16/2014,4,34,4,4,6>I wrote the majority of my master's thesis in this place and am still giving it 5 stars, which ought to tell you something. Come here for respite from all your traumatic life events!Things I particularly love about Stir Crazy:-Small, local business-Convenient location for us Northsiders-Friendly baristas-Tasty and inventive food-Glorious, well-priced coffees and teas (you could just about stand a spoon up in the foam of their cappuccinos)-Their fancy water filter with rocks in it-Excellent ambiance for working or relaxing, individually or in a group-It's next to a friggin' WINE STORE (Once Upon a Vine)
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,10/15/2014,22,30,4,5,5>Had a great dining experience here early Sunday evening. Walked right in and was seated immediately.Small menu but the attention to detail is what counts here.The table had the goat cheese & beet salad, lobster gnocchi, and squash fritters for apps,Grouper fish tacos, flank steak, and braised short ribs x2 for entrees.Everyone was extremely pleased!I will say that the squash fritter app was quite possibly the best small plate I have had! It was outstanding.Short ribs were excellent but the accompanying grits could have used a bit more flare. Perhaps a vegetable and or some herbs.But all around, great staff, excellent food, and terrific dining experience.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,10/14/2014,8,33,3,5,6>I've been here several times and even given gift certificates to Rappahannock as gifts. This restaurant never disappoints and consistently offers top notch service in addition to outstanding food and cocktails. In fact, their service is so above and beyond that when I ordered a gift certificate at the last minute on Christmas Eve one of the owners actually emailed me an e-version so that I would have it right away for gifting purposes and wouldn't have to wait for the mail version. DID I MENTION IT WAS CHRISTMAS EVE?! That is truly going above and beyond. But I digress, the food itself is truly exceptional. They offer four different types of Virginia oysters so whether you're new to eating raw oysters or an addict like myself there's a style to suit your tastes. With a name like Rappahannock obviously all of the seafood is going to be phenomenal (the shrimp small plate features the biggest shrimp I've ever seen) but last night I tried some of the pork as well and it was without a doubt the best pork ever. They always offer great seasonal, farm to table ingredients amazingly executed. The cocktail program rivals the culinary offerings at Rappahanock. Hand crafted cocktails are cultivated from an elaborate assortment of jars and containers containing fresh ingredients and garnishments. This is the kind of restaurant that you can take out of town guests, clients, dates, etc., to and rest assured that the experience will be of the highest caliber.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,10/13/2014,5,12,6,6,5>I found this place thanks to Yelp. Have been going there already for about 2-3 months... as everyone says one of the best things about it are the tacos, specifically the Pastor Tacos!! really good and for the price, specially on Wednesdays and Fridays when they are 1 dollar each, you can't beat that...Also I am Guacamole Lover ha haThe place is small but seems clean and cozy, I always order to go anyways and never have to wait, when I arrive they are always ready... I always say I'm gonna order something different but end up ordering the tacos, they are sooo good :)Enough parking outside... look at the pics for the menu and hours
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/12/2014,10,19,4,4,5>My favorite place for cafe con leche!  I'm not one of those girls who hits up Starbucks everyday, but if this place was around my house I would definitely be getting my coffee fix from here.  It's always super fresh, nice and hot, and super sweet.  The Cuban sandwich with the fried plantains are my go to here.  This place has a casual, laid back atmosphere and I love stopping in whenever I'm around the VCU area.  Really random but their lemonade is bomb diggity too.  It's fresh squeezed and made in front of you and is a nice little treat when it's too warm for coffee.  This place is a hidden gem that everyone should try!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,10/11/2014,6,50,5,5,4>Excellent. Simply excellent. There are very few places where everything on the menu is great. The food is ALWAYS prepared fresh, and you can tell by the steam and juice from the meat, the color and crunch from the vegetables and the flavor of the rice and beans. They also have an extensive collection of Latin American sodas which I am curious to try all of the flavors. I have had most of the Jaritos but want to continue expanding my palate. Definitely a value and well worth every penny. You will always leave full, but never the kind of gross/bloated full you feel when eating at Chipotle or Arby's. One of my favorites for sure.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2014,10/10/2014,25,12,5,5,5>I'll start off by saying I eat a lot of seafood, probably more than I should.  Maybe mercury will make a super hero who knows.  Anyways, AMAZING place.  You walk in and it doesn't smell fishy or anything like that which plagues a lot of restaurants doing seafood.I ordered down with the sea.  I think that's what it was called.  It had 1/2 dungeness crab, half snow crab, shrimp and mussels.  I got the house dry rub.  Just amazing finger licking goodness.  A boil could serve 2 imo with a side.  Still the price point puts it out for just an every so often treat.  Packaging was great for carry out.  All in all 4 out of 5.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,10/9/2014,8,42,3,6,5>Two words -- pastry excellence.  Sub Rosa's baked goods are divine.  The goods I've tried (thus far):1.  The fig and cheese twist: perfection.  Super flaky crust twisted over a sweet (but not too sweet) fig jam and nutty flakes of manchego, all glistening under a very light glaze.  You need to try it.  This was absolutely my favorite one (though they were all freaking amazing).2.  The sour cherry and pistachio pastry: a dream.  A little tangy from the dried cherries and a nice nutty pistachio crumble swirled in between soft cakey dough (think super elegant cinnaswirl bun).  It's dusted with pistachio crumbs too.3.  The spring greens tart: outstanding.  Imagine the stuffing of a spinach pie atop a crusty pie shell instead of phyllo.4.  The chocolate almond croissant: superb.  A flaky croissant topped with toasted almonds and powdered sugar with a super gooey, rich, dark chocolate filling.  This one is sinful.I went on a Sunday morning at around 10 and barely had to wait.  By the time I left at like 10:30 there was a bit of a crowd.  There are a few tables with chairs, a couple lounge chairs and a few stools -- so you can enjoy your pastries on the premises.  The staff is not particularly friendly or warm but I don't care -- it's basically impossible for me to knock a star with how good the food is.Sub Rosa made better baked goods than I've had in Paris.  No kidding.I will absolutely be back.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,10/24/2012,291,293,1,5,4>This place really treats their ingredients with respect and it shows. Their menu is pretty simple with seafood, burgers, and salads as their main offerings. The New Zealand grass fed beef was everything a burger should be---crazy juicy and flavorful.  It will make you never want to eat corn fed beef products ever again! I recommend trying the West Coast Burger--- the BBQ sauce had some zing without being too overpowering and you can never go wrong with bacon. Other choices with plenty of nom nom factor include the New Plymouth [the brie goes great with the burger] and the Aucklander [has avocado] I didn't really care for the greens that came with the burger and wish that they offered something with more crunch. The burgers are pricey at around $10 but you really do get what you pay for in terms of quality. However, it sucks that you have to pay extra for french fries (I think it was an extra $5). The fries come with sauces that you get to pick out-- I recommend the jalapeno remoulade! I do want to come back to try their seafood options because they sounded good---they have an assortment of sauteed mussels and shrimp as well as cooked oysters. Food: 4Value: 3.5Service: 4Overall: 4
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,10/23/2012,80,379,5,4,4>My first time here.... And I had to say.. It was awesome!!!, i had a few choice words to describe it but trying to keep this PG 13... When i drove up there was a line out the door... That made me smile cause if people are willing to stand in a long line for food, it must be good.. So i drove around the block twice just to find a parking space... And went inside .. Ordered Jerk Chicken, beef patty and limeade... And OOHHHEMMGEEE it was sooooo good... I mean kfc finger licking kind of good... You know your food is good when you try to eat it slow and in small bites to savor it and make it last longer!  The jerk chicken was so tender it was falling off the bones.. And the spicy was zinging in my mouth! The beef patty was equally as good. And the limeade was really delicious too. My only complaint was parking sucks... And the limeade  drink was too small. They only use one size cup.. It wasn't big enough to quench the fire in my mouth from the spice... If you like Jamaican food I highly recommend this place!,
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,10/22/2012,291,238,3,6,4>Wow!  I did not see this one coming!After meeting a few Yelpers (thanks Dominic!) I noticed that many had good reviews of this place so my wife and I decided give it a go.  The shopping center wasn't filled with anything special or any spots that would drive a great deal traffic to the area.  In some of the best finds this is usually a very good sign!My wife and I both had the #4 (1/2 Chicken, beans, rice and friend yucca).  The chicken was cooked perfectly; I know the word perfect is tossed around a lot!  However, this could not of been prepared better.  The chicken was full of flavor, moist and had an aroma that just gets your mouth watering in anticipation.Loved it!  The only thing I wasn't a crazed fan over was the friend yucca.  The surprise for me was how great the green sauce was!  That was spicy and flavor packed (I had to get two of those!).  This place will have to be on a heavy rotation for me (thinking monthly at the least!).
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,10/21/2012,88,97,3,7,3>I have always heard this restaurant's name being thrown around and it had always peaked my interest. I am far from vegan but I do enjoy a good vegan dish every now and then. This place does not disappoint.There are no menu's, just a chalkboard with the dishes they are serving listed. I went for the quinoa risotto and I did not regret it one bit. The quinoa was so flavorful which is hard to come by as quinoa is naturally bitter. The veggies in the dish were cooked properly and were equally as delicious. I tried a bit of Casey P's penne pasta and the broth it was in was just as good. Service is very friendly and attentive. I will definitely be coming back here to try their vegan caesar salad!Why only four stars?? Because it is rather pricey. If they came down about a dollar or two, it'd be perfect.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,10/20/2012,6,24,3,6,4>I recommended this place to a fellow yelper yesterday and realized that I hadn't reviewed it yet!The sign out front tells no tales-they really do have the best burgers in town!  My favorite is the pizza burger (not sure if that's actually the name) with pepperoni, marinara, mozzarella, and mayo.  The mayo may not sound like an appetizing accompaniment, but it absolutely is!  I agree with the last reviewer, it is definitely Duke's mayo and it makes a difference!  They got the temp right on my burger every time and will do a perfect sear on a medium temp!  The rest of the sides are pretty standard.  Onion rings are good, fries are as well.  My favorite app is spicy pickles.  It's basically pickle chips and spears breaded and friend along with sliced jalapenos.  Yum!  Decent selection of beers on tap, and I like that they change them out relatively often.I agree with the other reviewers, the inside could definitely use a refresh.  I think the restaurant only has one AC unit in the front, so on hot summer afternoons it can get pretty warm in the back of the restaurant.  But part of this place's charm is how dive-y it is!  Go for the awesome food, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,10/19/2012,37,155,,4,2>This place is HUGE. I can imagine it full on a concert night. I stopped in int he afternoon and it was empty. I had some iced coffee and it was the first time I have had it like this: They hand you a cup of ice cubes, but its frozen cubes of coffee...genius! You then proceed to fill the cup with the coffee of your choice, not having to worry about the watered down effect! Indulged in a slice of homemade coffee cake, which was delicious. I sat at the bar facing the window at had a peaceful 1/2 hour of reading. All around a lovely experience.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,10/18/2012,98,280,16,9,6>I missed my standing appointment due to an overly talky client at a business meeting and of course Bombshell is booked up through well...forever so I had to *gasp* go elsewhere.  Please, please baby! Forgive me! I'll never do it again!  Please take me back! *sobs*I really did feel like I was cheating on my salon.  At the other salon they asked where I normally go."Bombshell""Oh. Bombshell."  She tried to be polite about it, but you could tell it was like when you find that guy that you're just kinda starting to try and date just got out of a long relationship with that hot chick down the hall whom you envy terribly.In between pulls the esthetician mentioned a fact that I had not known.  "They're pretty much the only place in town that does men's body waxing and male brazilian waxes.  So, we refer any clients who are looking for male waxing to them."So Bombshell, thanks for not only not making me wear a silly paper thong when we're doing a full brazilian anyway but thanks for being equal opportunity on the junk waxing!While I'm admitting to cheating I've got to say that -keeping it in the Bombshell family- I switched from Kimberly to Jill.  I'm sorry Kim, you hold a special place in my heart, you just weren't there and, well, things happen and I fell for Jill while you were gone.  Jill is great!  If you've ever seen The Big Lebowski you can picture me as Maude right now, "She's a good woman, and thorough".  She's super witty and you will not have a hair left on you by the time she's done. As they say in the little sign in the waiting room, "To Uranus and back!"
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,10/17/2012,757,404,6,13,13>My wife had a Doctors appointment this morning and I had no time to fix me some coffee. Well after appointment I needed some java for a kick start to the rest of the day. We passed this little shop on the way to her appointment. When we went in I was surprise to find it was a bit larger than I expected. There were a hand full of folks in there and they even had a small display case with some pastry. But all I wanted was some good dark brew. I ask for a large dark roast coffee and they delivered. It was a 24oz of pure hot dark pleasure. It had a taste almost like you are eating the beans. It did not have a bitter after taste some coffees leave you with. I will have to say it hangs right in there with the Lamplighter coffee. So if your in the area I suggest you stop and get some.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/16/2012,4,21,,10,8>Yep, you're going to need to eat here. I could leave the review at that, but I'll elaborate if I must... Atmosphere is great. The place is obviously in an old mansion so I was expecting the decor to be very traditional. Instead it is very modern, chic, and cool enough to dress up to go if you want. Cocktail menu is fun - certainly plays on the Hippodrome connection with drinks named after artists who have played there. Points for creativity! And then there is the food. The delicious food. They have a few appetizer or tapas options and then some larger main courses, so you can go a few ways with how you dine. We tried a few different tapas and then the meatloaf. Ham biscuits and the meatloaf get the best reviews out of everything we ordered. So. So. Good. I've eaten a good deal of Southern food in my life and this really did rank up there. We will be returning for sure!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,10/15/2012,105,649,4,18,7>Now that I'm officially a regular at Deco (eating here twice a week since it opened), I feel I can give some unsolicited recommendations:If you want classic good Italian food:Start with the fried mozzarella.  It's so light, so fresh and so flavorful you'll swear you are eating the most delicious salad you've ever had.  It's served on a bed of arugula with a side of dipping sauce...  it's just perfect.Then order the spaghetti with meat sauce.  It's better than what your mother made, I'm pretty sure.  My mother's a great cook, and it's better than she makes...End it up with a cannoli.  Because they are the best you'll get unless you go to New York.  And even there, you may not find a better one unless you have some insider info on where to go.If you want to be more adventurous with your dinner:Start with the fried cauliflower.  It is served with an amazing herb dipping sauce, and it's very light, cooked al dente- definitely better than any cauliflower I've ever had.  For your main course, order the pasta with sardines, currants, breadcrumbs, etc.  You'll be amazed to find that there isn't a canned sardine in the dish.  It's all fresh fish, and the sardines are a small white fish with a mellow flavor that adds meatiness to the dish.  Beware, this dish is easy to get hooked on. You may find yourself craving it days later...And for dessert, get the profiteroles.  Not because they are adventurous (though they are, with an almost bittersweet chocolate sauce liberally drizzled on top of them) but because they are freshly made, soft and moist and slightly chewy, and filled with a delicious fresh cream.  And you deserve a reward for your adventurous choices.To be honest, no matter what you get I'm pretty sure you'll love it, because there's not a bad menu item listed...  and if you try something new and amazing, hit me up with a message and tell me about it!  I'm slowly working my way through the menu dish by dish... it' that good.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,4/26/2013,52,70,2,4,3>As many have already said, this place is a must see for out of towners. The venue is beautiful and historic, and the food will never ever disappoint. Since I purchased a home in the area, I have frequented this place more times than I can count literally. The worst meal I had was still delicious albeit a bit pricy maybe. Some cute facts about this place:It has been named "Tarrants" forever. It was a drug store before a restaurant (still named Tarrant's). You can see some of the old pharmacy memorbelia in the stained glass windows and the bar which maintains its original marble "drug store" type counter. Its really cool. Their menu is VERY diverse (from pizza and burgers to surf and turf) so it is bound to please everyone and the food is prepared traditionally and skillfully. Be prepared to pay for the taste becuase it can be pricey (meals vary from $9 to $30), but its TOTALLY worth it. I am not giving them 5 stars only because, like many casual fine dining restaurants in RVA, the food is very traditional and can border on boring (though always delicious).
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,4/25/2013,23,48,,5,3>My friend and I decided to try Chez Max out as one of our restaurant tour stops.  This place is tucked back in the corner of a shopping center that makes it seem out of place.  Almost like the building was an after thought.  While there have been other restaurants in this specific location, this was the first time I have been inside the building. It was well decorated with a very cozy and comfy atmosphere.  The hostess was very welcoming as soon as we walked in, even though it became immediately apparent we were probably underdressed.  We still received excellent service even though we were in jeans and polos.Bottom line is this is a nice restaurant.  Right on par with Buckheads or Ruth's Chris.The food was great.  It really stood out for me.  I had a bowl of the lobster bisque and one of their special entrees for the evening.  I didn't know I was a fan of french food until after this visit as everything tasted great.  It is pricey but once you walk in you will understand why.  It's perfect for date night.  I will definitely be back... with a date next time.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,4/24/2013,47,39,3,9,2>What this restaurant lacks in decor and elegance it gains with good food.  Very good food.  The menu boasts classic (no Olive Garden crap here) Italian dishes. There's no physical paper menus here, everything's listed on the massive chalkboard on one wall.  Can't see it?  Turn your head.  Your favorite dish has a big X on it?  They don't have it, order something else.  Forget "have it your way" hospitality, Mamma Zu has customers playing their way; of course, this can make pretentious diners feel powerless, making for one interesting customer service experience.  For me, I prefer the raw un-fluffy service and ambiance centered around good food, not fancy font menus or hand stitched table linens.  If you're open to mediocre service, no ass-kissing, and food that'll make you melt with delight, this is your place.My dining companions and I started with a few dishes. Not a fan of eggs or tuna, I made a pass for the eggs in tuna sauce ($5) but I quickly fell in love with the squid, bean, and arugula antipasti ($14).  After checking out other online thoughts and reviews, this was one cherished dish.  The fresh and peppery arugula paired with warm olive oil and mellow white beans and squid is amazing, nothing compares.  Also ordered Sweetbreads - my first experience and although a little chewy, I haven't decided a yay or nay opinion but I was impressed with the mushroom/sage/wine sauce (if you think sweetbreads is sugary bread, get the real deal here). I was also pleased they serve one of my favorite nostalgic brews, Abita Purple Haze.Main course are all served family style. After much deliberation we settled on the Branzino ($23), Lamb Sausage ($17), spaghetti & meatballs ($15), and Rockfish ($22).  A quick rundown... bone-in fish freaks me out so I passed on the Branzino, the Rockfish was incredibly mild and buttery, Spaghetti & Meatballs was simple and lovely, and the Lamb Sausage won my heart.  The lamb was spicy and full of sexy flavors (yeah, flavors can be sexy) and was paired with creamy polenta and warm white beans.  The flavors was comforting and humble.Mamma Zu isn't one of Richmond's top restaurant for nothing, this place is an experience and the food is exceptional.  For me, it solidifies the ongoing admiration I have for local eateries and the servers, cooks, and team that delivers authentic deserving food.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/23/2013,25,127,4,5,4>Very underrated; When people think Thai in RVA, the usuals come to mind: Thai Diner Too, Ginger Thai, etc etc.I say venture out of that and try Chadar Thai. Now let me start off by saying, I am absolutely in love with tofu. I would eat it every day if I could. Cover tofu in gasoline and I'd probably still eat it.That being said, Chadar Thai caters to this because you can add tofu to pretty much ANYTHING on the menu (same goes for your other protein sources, aka your chicken, beef, pork etc). You get to pick your level of spiciness/hotness with each dish as well.Besides all that, the food is delish. The first time I went, I ordered the garlic noodle dish. I don't remember the exact name but that's pretty much what it was. The flavor was very rich and I could barely finish off my plate. I also tried out the bf's basil fried rice which was bangin too.On my second visit, I ordered the Pad Thai. It wasn't as saucy as I usually like but it was very good. Of course I ordered it with tofu...Portion sizes are pretty big. I may be small, but I can eat my weight, times ten, in food, and I couldn't finish any of the dishes here. No complaints, though, makes for good left overs. The Thai iced tea isn't too shabby either.Overall, great food, good price, and the service was friendly and fast.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/22/2013,41,127,3,2,3>Thai Diner Too has firmly established itself in my heart.  It is the go-to spot for my take-out and inexpensive lunch / dinner destination.In reading the reviews of my fellow Yelpers, I'm a little surprised at the dings it's getting - mostly for interior.  Maybe I am strange and like the dive bar element of it.  Personally, I do not care for spotless, modern Thai restaurants.  I have found that Thai places, much like BBQ joints, have an inverse relationship between quality / authenticity of food and the decor.  Looks like a dump?  Go there.Richmond has some great Thai restaurants, and Thai Diner Too positions itself among the best.Careful though, they really mean it when they ask what temperature you would like your dish.  Just like Hansel:  so hot right now.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,4/21/2013,62,150,3,5,3>The hubs and I were driving around looking for a place to brunch and saw that the Continental was open.  We decided to stop in and see what they had to offer.  When you walk in, it looks like an old retro diner (super cute).  I am a firm believer that its never to early to booze during brunch so I ordered the pickled bloody mary and he got the mimosa.  Holy crap, this may be one of the best BM's I've had in my life.  The only way that they could make this better is by adding some kind of meat product, be bacon or a rib, to this.  I saw that they had chicken and waffles on the menu and since I have a *small* obsession i had to order it.  He ordered the continental benedict.  The chicken itself was cooked perfectly but.... there was way too much flour in the batter.  Fried chicken skin is one of my all time favorite things in the world and it pained me to cast it aside.  The waffle was delish.   His benedict was out of this world.    I was stoked to find out that they had Douwe Egberts coffee there so of course I had to get some of that too.   We'll definitely go back.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,4/20/2013,69,336,2,7,3>DH brought me here for Wednesday Night Date Night where 2 shoot for the price of 1.    CSA provides a safe and comfortable environment to enjoy your 2nd amendment rights.   The facility is nothing short of amazing.  The counter staff provided fast and efficient registration and the range masters provided appropriate oversight while on the firing range.This place is obviously very popular.  DH and I arrived at 5pm and the place was already packed.  By the time I watched the safety video (about 5 minutes), our lane became available.DH and I will probably do Wednesday Night Date Night more often.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,4/19/2013,68,266,2,7,5>I was on my way to Regency Mall and I was STARVING and thought to myself "there are no good places to eat around that area" then I remembered Habanero! So glad my friend told me about this place awhile back.Really really good Mexican food and at reasonable prices too. I got the Lengua (beef tongue) Tortas this time. It's basically a beef tongue sub sandwich. The sub is toasted and nice and fluffy, beef tongue is soft and delicious and it's layered with tomatoes, shredded lettuce, re fried beans, some guacamole?? and some sort of mexican sauce. Initially, when I took my first bite, the flavors were... different. But when I began to take bite after bite I realized I couldn't stop because all the flavors/ingredients made this an awesome sub sandwich. I didn't realize it was so big though so I could only eat about a little more than half and took the rest home. 10 bucks for a sub and a Jarritos Lime flavored drink, I think it's definitely worth it. The lime flavored Jarrito really hit the spot when paired with this sub. They have both outdoor and indoor seating.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,4/18/2013,7,21,4,6,4>Well, I cheated.... Gluten Guy cheated on his diet. But let me tell you,it was well worth it. I saw in a local magazine the former co-owner of Stuzzi, Giuseppe opened his own new place and had to try it. My wife and I went only two times so far but it's one of those places that you just know is going to to be around for a long time.Now, I have to admit, being more of a 'Southern Italy' dish guy, lasagna, baked ziti, (no seafood) guy etc guy, I was a little limited to a couple things on the menu but I'm fine with the choices!! I truly could make a meal out of the appetizers I like there... Real Rice Balls!! Once you have one you'll want to dive into a kiddie pool full of them... maybe that didn't come across so appetizing but too bad, trust me. Try their mini meatballs too, sooooo good, the pine nuts and currants. Yes the currants are sweet but it just works! Then there's the Penelle, I didn't know what it was but my lovely wife from, yes, Brooklyn convinced me to try. They taste kinda like a flat potato with this delish pesto dipping sauce, just great!!Now the main dish. I've only tried the Pasta Carbonara and Penne Vodka (special last night) but both were, you guessed it, delish!!My wife had the lobster fr-diavlo last night. Flavor was awesome but be warned, they did something silly. The claws come covered in sauce but you gave to crack them. Well, that sure makes for some messy hands!! I said, "don't order seafood like me missy"... that was the wine talking dear, sorry...Keep in mind this is a tiny place, probably only 20 tables. We had reservations both times around 8:00 and the place was pretty much full so don't 'just show up'. This is authentic Sicilian food so like I said don't expect to find the basiclocation Italian stuff you might be thinking of but if I can fine something to enjoy, Anyone can!!!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,4/17/2013,35,136,2,2,3>I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. The staff is very attentive and friendly.  One of my pet peeves is when a server replies, "no problem," when you ask for something. Seriously, I am patronizing your restaurant, it shouldn't be a problem. You will find none of that here. Every time we asked for something, the response was, "my pleasure." It's a little thing, but really refreshing.Now to the food...the salsa has a nice kick to it. The chori pollo was average according to my husband, but I thought the fish tacos were quite delicious. The fish is grilled instead of fried (my preference). The cabbage/chipotle sauce are served separately, so you can add as little or as much as you'd like to the taco.I had a lunch portion--two tacos that also came with beans/rice. It was really filling. I think the dinner portion would have been way too much food. I will definitely return. I have seen a couple restaurants come and go in this spot, but judging by the number of people inside, I  think Pepe's will be around for awhile.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/15/2013,62,181,2,2,2>Looking to engage in a bit of sports fever between friends? Swing on by Bogey's Sports Park for a little fun in the sun. Great for parties or get togethers, Bogey's has a great space for groups, parties and kid functions.I went this past weekend for the batting cages and mini golf and I had a blast. I spent $10 just on the activities, but it was well worth it. Great for groups, the prices cannot be beat. They have 18 holes of mini golf, batting cages (both new and seasoned softball/baseball players) as well as a driving range, horseshoes and volleyball - though we did not have time to enjoy everything they provide. They do have some snacks/drinks in their office area and picnic tables (if you want to bring your own grub). Fun time and weather permitting, they will be open most of the time. They do stay open till about 9PM so get there early for a fun-filled day for you. Great date location or just family fun, you will have a great time either way!!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,6/14/2013,34,80,6,6,6>Like Kristin V and Jamie D, I'm not a huge baseball fan, but you can't help but have the best time ever when you go to a Squirrels game. The tickets are cheap, the beers are huge, and every second of the game that is not filled with baseball is full of entertainment: contests, crazy dances, t-shirt cannons, etc. It's such a blast, and probably one of the more affordable nights out if you are with your family or a large group. And there is always a theme night! The best are the ones that feature random d-list celebs of yesteryear. Oh yeah, and the baseball-I don't know much about it, but even a non-fan like me gets wrapped up in the game! If you live in Richmond and you still haven't been to a Squirrels game, you are doing it wrong!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,6/13/2013,66,91,3,3,2>Ichiban was wonderful!  I went last Thursday night with a large group of my friends.  The restaurant was not crowded, but people were dining.  Other people had placed orders to go and came in to pick them up.We had a great waitress and all of the sushi came out at relatively the same time.  That is really impressive when seven people order a variety of different rolls.  The sushi was delicious. I had the Tokyo Roll, the Sweet Potato Roll and the Spicy Crunchy Tuna.  All delicious.The service was good, and she split up our check without us having to ask.  I will definitely be coming back to Ichiban to dine in or pick up
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,6/12/2013,160,252,3,5,4>I love Ellwood! This is a great local organic market in Carytown that carries awesome fresh produce, yummy snacks, a great salad and hot foods bar, and some of the most delicious freshly baked cookies you can find! The chocolate-dipped macaroon is my favorite. They also have a whole wall dedicated to fresh nuts and grains, which I think is pretty cool! It's like a self-serve bar, you can scoop out as much as you like. You can also make your own nut butters! Fresh peanut butter, almond butter, etc. If you're looking for a unique gift don't forget to stop by their artisan soaps and candles section, and on your way out grab a smoothie from their juice bar :) Just an aside, if you're not a fan of tomato, don't go for the "C-Monster" - I read the description and thought it would be great but missed seeing the tomato at the very end!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/11/2013,814,187,3,4,6>I had never had Indian food prior to this experience but I trusted this recommendation from my friends who seemed to be experts since they had been to many great indian restaurants in the past and have also had homemade indian food countless times. This place offers great Indian food. Everything was very tasty and the service was superb! The naan here is the best I have ever had. It was perfectly soft with a considerable amount of crunch as well. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and the sauce it came in was just unbelievably flavorful with such an interesting mix of spices. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that has or has not had Indian cuisine in the past. I would definitely come back here again because they also offer lunch specials that includes a dessert!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,6/10/2013,9,84,4,4,4>A great place to grab a beer, see a performance and enjoy 1st Friday.This is one of the highlights of the 1st Friday events every month down in Jackson Ward. It has an art exhibit on the upper level, music and beer on the lower level and fire dancers and DJ's outside. The scene is younger at times but very fun and accepting. If comes off as a strange time lapse with the street closed, cobble stone streets, old buildings and quirky, bohemian types about. The fun is ever shifting as several bands play throughout the night.They also do special events that seem to be really 'happening.' I never get invited to these events but they look exciting from the curb. I've seen wedding receptions, art shows, beer gardens and all that fun stuff.Rent the place out and invite me, I'd love to go.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/9/2013,71,43,3,3,3>Try the red velvet waffle and Mimosa. Yummy.  Customer service is great. I was seated and served quickly.I've been here twice and the first visit I had the Red Velvet Waffle with pecan cream cheese, and the combination of the cream cheese, strawberry syrup and dab whip cream tasted like a party in mouth. The different textures of those ingredients set the entire experience OFF... LOVED IT!!!My 2nd visit I ordered the Crab omelet (crab meat, asparagus, and goat cheese), the sweetness of the crab and savory flavor of the goat cheese made this one of the best omelets I've had in a while. They pair this dish with the potatoes. They have a bit of a hot spicy kick to them that I really appreciated. It challenged my palate,and I really want that recipe (LOL-GIGGLES). I ended up ordering the in house coffee, and that was brewed to perfection, it didn't taste burnt like some coffees I've had during some other brunches.Lulu's on 17th is ALL RIGHT WITH ME, and I'm a FOODIE and Photo Blogger of food on instagram.Yummy Nom!!!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,6/8/2013,84,184,2,3,2>Popular Burger Joint with Food Worth the WaitOn a Saturday night, Burger Bach (pronounced batch) draws people a large crowd of young and old. Trying to get a table at 7 means a 30+ minute wait. Once inside, you have a wide set of seating choices of booths, tables, the bar or communal bar table. The staff is friendly, and attentive. The menu is centered around the beef burgers ($7-12), but offers lamb and chicken options. I went with the New Plymouth pink (medium): fresh tarragon sauce, sauteed wild mushrooms, brie cheese, uncured bacon, caramelized onions. Spring salad mix is served on the side with balsamic vinaigrette. The burger was very smooth. The caramelized onions provided an essential sweetness that balanced out the brie and savory burger patty. The bread was rustic and unrefined, light and flakey. The mushrooms were noticeable absent. The bacon was too hard, but reminded you to chew instead of simply inhaling this delicious burger. The mixed greens were perfectly dressed and cleansed the palette.Fries were fresh and crisp. Sauces taste like what they promise to be (basil pesto aioli and jalepeno remoulade). The large size is perfect for sharing between two. $17 for burger, and shared large fries. Ambiance and Service 4/5Food 5/5Value 3/5
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,6/7/2013,46,109,2,3,2>Whenever the Greek Festival rolls around, I hearken back to the good old days (barely ten years ago) when the crowds there were manageable, the parking was tolerable and the er, um, ah clientele was a tad bit more refined.  Well, the past few years, we've tried, oh how we've tried to go to the festival but after waiting in incredibly long lines and hearing about shortages of food choices...even on day one...we have found ourselves saying...why?  You go, of course, mostly for the food and drink...well I've found a place in the West End that will give you that authentic vibe without the hassle...YEAR 'ROUND!  It is Greek 4U, an unassuming Greek place at Pump and Patterson Avenues.Now, in the interest of full disclosure, I have this place on high "potential to close" alert.  The adjacent businesses have pulled out, including a CVS and rug store, and not much is left of the old Patterson and Pump guard save Rare Old Times.  So this would be one of those places I would URGE my West End peeps to try if only to give it a chance to thrive in this tough economy.Grape leaves, spanikopita, souvlaki, you name it, we got it, partly on the appetizer sampler and in entrees, and we were not disappointed.  They also have a great wine selection, reasonably priced, and a side room that seats 30 with a large mural of Santorini, one of the most breathtaking places on Earth.I think the only drawback was the absence of a kid's menu, although there is enough choice for even the most finicky eater.  However, the pasta dish put in front of my son could have fed him for a week (and did).The salad ingredients were fresh, the sandwiches were stuffed with meat and perfectly seasoned.  We are going to go back and try wines and desserts for sure, but for now, I am quite happy not having to wait until June to visit the Greek islands, because Greek 4U brings them back to me in a satisfying and reasonably-priced manner.FYI - Greek 4U is closed on Sundays...
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,6/6/2013,29,56,2,3,2>Stopped by here for a Friday lunch break from work.  We were actually headed to the Hogshead Cafe next door but there were a number of people waiting outside and the Greek Islands had tables open. I'm glad we made the switch.I was a little nervous as I checked reviews after we were seated and they appeared to be hit-or-miss with lots of "not really Greek" comments thrown in (I usually dismiss those). I could care less if it was the same food prepared the same way they do in Greece. The food was delivered timely, prepared well, tasty, and served with courtesy and grace. That's really all I'm asking for.However, I think the food was at least equal to or above par with other Greek restaurants in the metro area.  Their "Village Salad" is actually what a Greek Salad is meant to be with no lettuce to accompany the chopped vegetables, olives, pepperoncini, and feta cheese (with onions and anchovies on request ... yes, please!).  A "Greek Salad" is also included that has lettuce which I'm sure is there because of everyone ordering a greek salad and expecting lettuce. Score one point for traditional Greek.I noticed that the avgolemono soup is just called "chicken & rice" on their menu but it's close to the traditional with the lemon served on the side instead of a major flavor component in the soup.  Still tasty.I got the pastichio and it is easily the best I have had in Richmond and mainly because the "greek meat sauce" that they listed on the menu was really ground beef cooked just right and seasoned with a great spice blend.  Plus just enough of the homemade béchamel sauce to support the dish without overwhelming it as most places will do.I also got a taste of someone else's gryo meat (lamb) and it was on par with most every other gyro you can get anywhere else.  The tzatziki sauce that came with it, however, was thick and bold. One of the best I've had. Again, I couldn't care less if that means it wasn't authenticate ... it was great.Plus we couldn't have asked any more from our waitress who provided excellent service for the whole meal.  Glad we stumbled upon it and will certainly keep it on the list of places to try for dinner.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,7/20/2014,16,20,2,4,3>Tarrant's is a Richmond must.  The decor coupled with good food and an excellent staff make it an easy 5 stars on Yelp.  Upon walking in, 40s music and an antique ambience take you back in time.  The feel of the restaurant is unbeatable.As far as food: the menu is pretty standard and everything tastes great...nothing fancy.  Tarrant's sticks to simple dishes and does them right.  Any Benedict or Omelette for brunch is awesome. They give you complimentary cinnamon buns too...heaven. If you have anyone visiting, I definitely recommend Tarrant's. There's no other place with a comparable vibe like it in RVA except maybe Max's on Broad (a pricier sister restaurant across the street).
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/19/2014,6,31,2,10,3>MEAT MEAT MEAT!!! That's a little song I sing when I think about the delicious food here at Deep Run Roadhouse. It pays homage to my 3 favorite BBQ options that I have tried  at DRR that inspire me to make the 25 minute drive across town. Here are my thoughts about each in order of my level of addiction:1) Brisket: The brisket is served sliced instead of chopped as it is at another hot BBQ place in town. The juicy slices often include a small ribbon of of fat (for the uninitiated this is a good thing (No, it's not tough fat. It's melt in your mouth, buttery fat). Each order also includes a portion of charred -and also slightly fatty- burnt ends. Mm mm mmmm.2) Smoked Sausage: I salivated when I typed that. Seriously. I believe they make and smoke the sausage in house. The flavor is outrageous and I'll guarantee that it's the juiciest sausage you've ever had. You might not be convinced that juicy is something you want in a sausage, but it is. Trust me. Be sure to put some of their spicy BBQ sauce on it for good measure.  My only critique would be that the skin could stand to have a bit more "snap."3) Chopped Pork- The texture and flavor are spot on. Some places mince their pork to a point that it's hardly recognizable as meat, but DRR chops it down to the perfect size. I prefer the vinegary Carolina style sauce for this option. Of course, a BBQ restaurant can't be sustained on good meat alone. Their two sauces options (provided in bottles on every table) are a great compliment to anything you order here. You can choose from a spicy option that is is thinner and has a little more tang than you get at other places, or the vinegary Carolina style. My passion is getting the best of me and this is getting a bit long, but I just need to also mention that the sides here are top notch. You really can't go wrong. The potato wedges are perfectly crispy, the southwest slaw gets you the best of Texas caviar and coleslaw in one dish, the jalapeno mac and cheese and a good twist on a BBQ classic... I could keep going but you should be in your car by now!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,7/18/2014,3130,648,4,10,10>I explored Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden on my day off from work.  I haven't been to the gardens since grade school. Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden is beautiful. The scenery on a sunny day is priceless. The entire area is well maintained. Words can't describe the amazing aroma of flowers, beautiful ponds, and buildings. The butterfly exhibition is going on right now. It's free with your admission. I thought the butterfly exhibition was cool. I saw some unique butterflies. Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden is a great place to take pictures. Admission prices are reasonable. Be sure to check the weather so you can dress comfortable. I recommend wearing comfortable walking shoes. There's a tea house and gift shop on the premises as well. Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden is a great place to enjoy nature.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,7/17/2014,86,78,4,10,5>Ok I seriously loved this place. LOVED. We made reservations for 6pm on a Wednesday, but when we arrived, the place was empty - fine by me! We started with a glass of wine each ($7/piece) and ordered the fried mozzarella and fried cauliflower since the cauliflower had been so highly regarded in other reviews.The mozzarella was a big, thick slice of cheese, lightly fried with delicious marinara sauce for dipping. YUM! The cauliflower was also lightly fried and came with a pesto dipping sauce. I truly enjoyed the cauliflower and the only "complaint" I have is that it was really under seasoned. No biggie, there's salt and pepper on the table - so I just took care of business.Our waitress (who was absolutely LOVELY!) kindly brought us some bread..and didn't even mind when we ate all of it and asked for some more. I ordered the porcini ravioli and my date ordered the margherita pasta.Let's begin with the margheritta pasta. Penne pasta, fresh marinara sauce, chunks of fresh mozzarella throughout and fresh, whole leaf basil torn in to the pasta. Yum!My ravioli was aaaaaaamazing. A generous portion of cheese ravioli with porcini mushrooms and a white sauce on top. I could really eat this every single day of my life and be the happiest person ever. EVER. I ate  very slow so as to savor every single bite. I cannot wait to go back and have it again. Seriously. The service was awesome, the inside of the place is great, the owner (who we got to meet as we were leaving) was incredibly friendly and interested in our dining experience. I really highly recommend this place to anyone looking for yummy Italian food, or a date, or a solo venture, or a friend's night out...just go. It's so delicious.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,7/16/2014,196,211,3,8,4>We celebrated my mom's birthday here this past weekend, and it was our very first time eating at Hondo's. Service here was excellent! Our server Carmen was great and did a excellent job answering any questions that we had about the menu and wine list. My parents and I ordered rib-eye steak (I ordered the cowboy cut rib-eye steak, which has a bone in it) and my friend that came with us ordered salmon. All of us really liked what we ordered. All of our orders came with a salad. My friend and I got the Caesar salad, my mom got the house salad, and my dad got the hearts of iceberg salad. My friend and I had some reservations about the Caesar salad. We both felt that it tasted a bit spicy. It might have been the dressing that they used for it. For dessert, my mom got a free key lime pie since it was her birthday. She said that it was really good. I ordered a New York Style Cheesecake. I'm a HUGE cheesecake fan! Having a cheesecake at the end a meal is always delicious. The cheesecake that they served had a great presentation to it. It looked so good that its like I didn't want to eat it! The ambiance of Hondos was amazing. Great setup and all. Definitely a great place to go to celebrate a special occasion. I just wish the room was a bit brighter. It was kind of hard to see around the restaurant. I've been to the sister restaurants of Hondos: Schlesinger's at Newport News and Opus 9 at Williamsburg. All three restaurants are excellent and have excellent, as well as excellent service.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,7/15/2014,15,24,2,6,2>I am new to the area and had an awesome store I went to for running shoes back in Roanoke. I needed a new pair so decided to try this place out. I was helped right away by a very nice guy. Wish I got his name so I could give him the mad props he deserves. He was extremely knowledgeable and spent plenty of time with me to find the right pair. He didn't make me feel rushed even though it was a busy Saturday afternoon.Will definitely be back in a few months after I wear this pair down.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/14/2014,43,19,,8,3>Lemaire is The Jefferson Hotel's fancier restaurant, but you can take advantage of its delicious menu and impressive cocktails without spending a fortune by dining at the bar. It's a wonderful setting for a date or just to enjoy sipping on delightful drinks while sitting at this beautiful historic hotel's lobby. *If you're a fan of whiskey and bourbon--they have awesome cocktails permanently on their menu, and you also make your own Manhattan. It's around the same space--but around the bar when you walk in are several tables where you seat yourself and order from the smaller bar menu. During happy hour (until 7pm) you can get bubbly drinks for $5. These are always light and refreshing. There is also a food happy hour when you can get three appetizers from bar menu for $20. I've eaten here a couple of times, and I've always noted how fresh and well-done the dishes here are. Last time we tried the ahi tuna "martini," artisanal cheese plate and BBQ pork quesadillas to split--they were all so good. I also recommend the Virginia country ham and pimiento cheese sandwich. You certainly won't be disappointed by the food here, but if you order drinks and entrees from the main dinner menu, it will be costly. It's worth checking out it just for a drink and appetizer, and definitely take advantage of happy hour bar menu!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/13/2014,33,57,3,4,2>Don't look back is great! Not only do they have delicious $3 tacos but also delicious men that hang out there since I met my current boyfriend there. Anyways back to the food. I must say if you love fish tacos go here. They are on point! You gotta get the traditional style with it, the cabbage and lime just give it that extra flavor or awesomeness. I've only had the fish and carnitas but both were equally awesome. The drinks are great too. Nice beer selection, and mixed drinks are great, just one of them got me a little buzzed. On Sundays after 10 they do mystery cans. Overall a great place to go if you are a broke college kid like me, cause you can't beat $3 tacos!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/12/2014,15,205,6,4,3>So I was yearning for sweets on the way home and I said to myself 'Self, donuts would be glorious... and Dixie is right on the way home. And the apple fritters are beyond splendid.' And I answered myself, because what's a conversation fi there's no back and forth? 'True! And yet, I lack cash at the moment because I used the last of it on a food cart at lunch and though I love them, they have a minimum charge, no?'BUT NO! Personally, I totally understand a small business needing to have a minimum for charge cards, because the transaction fee can be terrible when you sell something that's a buck... and I think that people who whine about not being able to charge their 1.73$ purchase are jerkfaces... but it makes it difficult when you have 75¢ and NEED A DONUT NAO. Dixie has removed their minimum charge requirement, though, in the hopes that they can provide the foolish cashless masses [like myself] with sweet goodness no matter what. NotthatIevermakeitoutwithasingledonut.So whether you want one or one dozen or somewhere in between or more than that, come one, come all. Also- whether it was an oversight on my part or a change on theirs, there are non-cake donuts available as well, contrary to my original review, in fact I'm chomping down on their excellent 'pinecone' with my coffee right now, which is sort of like a cinnamon roll and... you know, stupidly tasty, like everything else they make, definitely earning them the fifth star to go with the awesome service and sweet employees.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/11/2014,22,146,2,4,2>I have been meaning to go to this spot for awhile as it's in my neighborhood and well-reviewed. We walked over for Sunday brunch, and as expected, they had a healthy rush going on, but no wait. We stood at the front for an awkward couple moments before we were acknowledged. The person who acknowledged us said two words, "How many?" and then showed us to a table, put down the menus, and disappeared. It only took us a few seconds to realize that we were handed the wrong menus, which is weird because literally everyone else in the restaurant had the brunch menu which is a sheet of paper and ours was a huge plastic covered menu. How did our waitress not catch this mistake? Well she didn't and she also didn't introduce herself or take our drink order for another 8 minutes, during which another waitress noticed we had the wrong menus. She switched them out and wasn't friendly either. My husband asked who our waitress was and she replied, "I don't know." No one apologized for our wait or the wrong menus. I start getting nervous, because this is billed as a neighborhood restaurant and I'm not feeling the neighborly love yet.But later on we figure out where the charm is. It's in the food. Our party of 5 had no complaints and our food came out pretty quickly. I had biscuits and gravy which was phenomenal, as were the scrambled eggs and homefries that accompanied it. My mouth is watering right now as I remember how awesome it was. The mimosas were decent too.I guess I'll have to add this to the list of places I go to despite the not-so-great service. I really like being able to walk over and I like that this place serves up affordable, delicious fare.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,6/18/2012,19,90,13,4,5>8 1/2: A FairytaleOnce upon a time, there was a girl named Claire. She loved to eat and she had an especially soft spot for that combination of carbs, vegetables, and cheese commonly known as pizza. One day, she was given a slice of pizza from a friend. The sauce was a bit spicy, but still fresh tasting and delectable. The cheese was gooey but not overpowering. And it was topped with ramps, young garlic that was probably picked that morning from an obliging field. Claire longed for this pizza. She dreamed about it. She wanted it. She wanted to take it out for a picnic. She was in love and she didn't care who knew it. Unfortunately for Claire, The Evil Student Loan Witch came knocking at her door, demanding payment, separating her from her beloved 8 1/2. She had given up all hope of ever reuniting with the delicious pizza, until one day, The Tax Return Fairy left a rather generous check in the mail for her. One warm spring night, after the end of the dreaded Finals Week, Claire and her loyal friend Emily ventured deep into the wilds of the Upper Fan, far from their campus apartments, in hopes of reuniting with the pizza. This time, there were two pies--one all-white, one with red sauce, green peppers, sausage, and olives. Both were worthy pizza princes and the girls knew they had truly met The One. They knew that every pizza in Richmond was ultimately ruined for them. But somehow, they didn't care, and vowed they would never be parted from their saucy loves again. And they walked happily, hand in hand, hands holding pizza boxes, into the sunset.To be continued...
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,6/17/2012,38,206,2,10,7>I'm still loving this place. I went last night and had the basil fried rice with chicken. IT WAS DELICIOUS! Even though I ordered "thai spicey" there was still a lot of flavor. And as always, the staff is very friendly and pleasant.To be honest, I was telling my wife that this place probably doesn't get much traffic because of the crappy shopping center it's in.  They have improved their interior a bit but I never went there for the look just the food. The people who rate this place less than 4 stars are probably the type of people who would eat at Taco bell in Mexico rather than an authentic street cart. Get pass the bad reviewers and the crappy shopping center and check this place out and you'll thank yourself that you did.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,6/16/2012,4,8,,11,2>This is the most caring and wonderful staff ever.  We will never take our dog anywhere else.  Our dog is in critical condition and they are constantly updating on us on his status.  If we call, we talk to a Physician always.  They take time out of their busy schedule to update us on our baby's health.  He has been in the ICU since Monday and they are keeping us up to date on all procedures and measures being performed.  One doctor even carries him around on his rounds.  We are completely happy with care and the fact that all questions are answered and that we can come in at any hour to visit our precious one.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,6/15/2012,19,18,1,8,4>My fiance and I enjoyed an amazing meal here last night, and I'm so glad this restaurant has popped up. We'll definitely be making it a regular date night spot.We walked in around 8:00 on a Friday night and were seated immediately. The tables are spaced just right; you can hear the loud mumble of diners, but aren't so close that you could hear every detail of your neighbors conversation. Soft lighting creates a nice warm ambiance.The drink menu has some fun specialty cocktails; a decent beer selection, and plenty of wines by the glass. I started with a Dark n Stormy, which just had a tad too much lime juice for my taste.The bread we were given before the meal was warm, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. Perfect start to the meal.I started with the beef dumplings, which were so delicious! I'd just recommend to order two orders of dumplings though if you're looking to share; because I didn't want to give up any of my three! My fiance started with the mussels, which were excellent, served in a yummy garlic broth.For entrees, I got the Duck Three Ways, which was just perfect. The duck was cooked just right, the meat was so tender it just fell off the bone. The savory meat was paired just right with a yummy sweet potato mash and broccolini. My fiance got the East Coast Bouillabaisse, which was just as delicious; a bowl full of seafood; fish, shrimp, clams, mussels, blue crab, and lobster in a yummy tomato saffron broth. Unfortunately we were both too full to try out dessert this time, but they had about four or five fun options to choose from.Our waitress was very nice, professional, and prompt. Showed up right when you needed something, but didn't hover. Just right :)Overall, we loved our experience here, and will definitely be back!!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,6/14/2012,26,5,3,11,5>Since moving to the Richmond area, from Las Vegas, I have been on a constant search for a new salon/stylist.   My hair was a mess when I came in, but Jess brought my blondness back to life.  She was very professional and spent a great deal of time discussing my color/cut and care regiment.  My color is spectaular and the cut is perfect. She even showed me how to style my hair so I could get the same results at home.  I am so glad that I have found this place!  AND they play Morrisey up in here!  Look no further, people, this is your place.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,6/13/2012,100,236,4,15,11>Last week, I was having lunch with a friend; Cynthia, and she was telling me about this Latin Restaurant located on Broad St, here in Richmond.  She said, you had to enter the Latino Village grocery to get into the small Restaurant.  I have seen this Latino Grocery for many years when I would pass by, however I had NO idea there was a small Mom's Restaurant within this place.... I now really call this a "Hole in the Wall" of a FIND!  A "Hidden Gem"!I love places like this as I feel you get your best food, so when I entered... I thought I was in a typical Latin Grocery until I walked to the back and saw a seating area for food.   So, I looked at the limited menu and the Owner asked if my order was for here or Take Out?  I saw several photos and Zopes was one of them, so I asked what is a Zope?  It is a Handmade Corn Tortilla with your choice of meat which has Tomato, Lettuce, Lots of Cheese, Beans and Onions.... I had a choice of Pastor meat, Chicken, Pork or Beef.  I chose Pastor Meat.  I watched her HAND make the Corn Tortilla and it was not something out of a package.  The thickness of the Tortilla was about 3 times the thickness of a regular Tortilla.   She fixed 3 of these and cooked them on the open grill.  While waiting for my food to be cooked, I found where they keep the drinks and I saw Coco Cola in a bottle which came from Latin America.  No screw off cap as you have to use the OLD Fashion Bottle opener.  Boy this brought back memories...  They had American Coke here in the case, however they import Coca Cola which is bottled down South.  So, I decided to go all the way... 100% Latin Food!Upon getting my Zopes, I could not believe my eyes in the size.  At first she gave me a plastic fork and knife, however this was just not going to cut the mustard in being able to eat this meal... so she gave me some regular utensils.   Upon speaking with the Owner, she said the place had been here for 9 years!  I was shocked as I have driven past this small Latin Grocery store many times and NEVER knew there was a small Mom & Pop style restaurant in this place.  The only drawback was how she served the Zopes... she had a sheet of Restaurant Paper on the plate which she placed the Zopes.  However the sauces from the food soaked into the paper and I had to pick some of the paper from the food to eat.  Next time, I will ask for her not to put the paper on the plate.  I suggest that you do the same.   Anyway,  this Latino Village Restaurant is a MUST try as it is a REAL Jewel which has been hidden from most of us for many years.  I plan to go back even though it is a limited menu.... so what!  The food is good and "HOME COOKED" !   See you there Amigo!    :-)
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,6/12/2012,61,89,,4,5>It's all true, this place is awesome.  We went last Friday for an impromtu dinner date.  We arrived around 5:30pm, and got a window table for two.  Our server Emilia (name on reciept?) was great - friendly and attentive.  Had a Surry cocktail which involved smoked ginger, bourbon and lemon.  We had the Tea Smoked Trout, Steak Tartar (toped with a raw quail egg - not for the faint of heart), Fried Oysters, Pork Belly and Brussel Sprouts, all of which was amazing.I can see how the high ceilings might make it loud.  Personally we didn't notice. I think asking for a window seat gets you away from the crowd a little bit and would avoid this possible problem.Will definitely be back for some more grazing!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,6/11/2012,30,47,,5,4>I LOVE BOKA.Pork belly tacos.  Fish tacos.  Lamb sausage tacos.  Every taco I've had is delicious.All I can really say is get over the line and price and just do it.  It's worth it.  Even after I left my job downtown, I found myself driving back down to get tacos from Boka with my old coworkers.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,6/10/2012,100,27,3,3,2>I've been a regular goer to Mekong for nearing a decade and am always greeted by friendly faces, several options for ideal seating, delicious food, a great atmosphere for any occasion and an EXCELLENT beer selection, hence their slogan found on many shirts and stickers around town, "MEKONG IS FOR BEER LOVERS".Mekong's obviously doing something right to maintain their loyal following, granted the restaurant is located in a strip mall on Broad St..  None the less, the people keep coming in and leaving satisfied.Last night I had the pleasure of watching a spring roll eating contest following a few Hoegardens after a business meeting as the crowd got into the spirit.  My good buddy Tom walked away the champion w/ a gnome statue and the thrill of victory.  We were a proud bunch.My go-to is anything basil, ginger, or lemongrass based, be it chicken, pork seafood or beef and a white belgian ale to complement.  There's always enough left for lunch the next day too.And the more you come back, the better the staff really gets to know you and make you feel right at home!  I know I'll remain a fan/follower for life.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,6/9/2012,114,325,2,5,3>It was a friend's birthday as well as the end of our M1 year, so twelve of us came to Mamma Zu to celebrate! First of all, I want to explain that Mamma Zu has a strict policy regarding large groups. You can only make reservations for parties of six or more, and your entire party must be present prior to being seated. Additionally, if your party does not show up within 15 minutes past your reservation, your reservation is canceled (just make sure everyone arrives on time!). When you do have a large group, food is served family style. While you can order as many appetizers individually as you want, you are only allowed to order four entrees. You can then specify how many portions of each entree you would like to feed the group. A gratuity was not automatically added on despite having a large group, so after we added a tip ourselves the total bill came out to over $300 dollars. Considering that we had a group of twelve, a bill in that amount is understandable, although each person ended up paying $31, so this restaurant is definitely on the pricier side (granted, we did treat the birthday girl and split her share among the remaining guests, but that only added about $3 to each person's contribution). Our group chose lamb shank, roasted duck, eggplant parmesan, and squid ink pasta. We ordered three servings of each dish except for just two orders of lamb. This was plenty of food for the twelve of us, and we even had a little left over. Additionally, our complimentary bread was refilled SEVERAL times while we were waiting for our main course, so you can definitely get your fill from that (there are small bottles of olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette on each table). The bread, although not warm, is excellent with a nice chewy inside texture.The dishes themselves were delicious. The duck with grilled polenta was my favorite! It was very similar to the duck dish with polenta that I had at Edo's Squid. This duck came pre-cut into small slices, which made it very easy to share. The meat was succulent and cooked to just the right tenderness, then soaked in a rich brown sauce. The polenta was also nice and crunchy on the outside.The squid ink pasta was my next favorite. It was served with shrimp and crabmeat, and was very popular among our group (it was the first dish to be finished). It bears mentioning that you can't really taste the squid ink itself; basically, all the squid ink goes to making the incredibly dark-colored pasta. I was anticipating some squid ink in the pasta sauce as well, but the seafood in this dish was cooked in a tomato-based sauce instead. Nevertheless, it was tasty!The eggplant parmesan and lamb shank were ok, but not particularly to my liking. The breaded and friend eggplant was not as crunchy as I would have liked for something fried, and the sauce had a strange aftertaste of tea leaves for me. As for the lamb, while we ordered only two shanks, there was a TON of meat. The lamb was cooked thoroughly enough that the meat practically fell off the bone (no knife was served with the dish, yet the meat was able to be scraped off with the fork and spoon provided). While this is generally a good finding, I am simply not a big lamb person, and the sauce that drenched the lamb was not particularly interesting. The lamb shank was by no means bad-tasting; it just wasn't anything special in my opinion.Our waitress was super friendly and down-to-earth, providing excellent service throughout the entire meal. The restaurant itself is fairly small (which might partly account for the strict reservations policy), but it is cozy and reminiscent of a small-town deli or family kitchen. The restaurant does keep it somewhat dark inside though, with candles supplementing the minimal overhead lighting. There are no paper menus, so all the options are written on a large blackboard on the wall. Mamma Zu is tucked away on Pine St. with minimal commercial stores/restaurants nearby. The exterior is also very unassuming, lacking bright lights or a clear sign; the green front door at the corner does not stand out either, so make sure you look carefully because this place is easily overlooked! Nonetheless, Mamma Zu serves up some excellent Italian food! =)
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,2/3/2013,57,54,4,4,2>YUM!!Too many years have passed since the hot summer glory days in NYC with a steaming hot sabrett with sauerkraut relish and mustard. The snap of a sabrett is memorable, if you're a true fan of the hot dog anyway.This may all sound a bit too dramatic but folks, this is a real thing. The snap, the steam, the toppings....City Dogs gets it all right. The place is fun, young but not annoying; not too loud, and they have daily hot dog/beer specials. What's not to love? Oh, unless you hate things that are good. Beer + hot dogs? And the potential for watching baseball? Yeah, thank you City Dogs. Thank you for getting it.The prices are fine and the menu is just long enough to keep you going back to try something new without feeling overwhelmed by choices. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,2/2/2013,71,94,4,4,4>After participating in a discussion of "Best Burger in Richmond" on a friend's Facebook wall, I saw a pretty distinctive trend with the suggestions.  Station 2 was the place to go for not only a good burger, but for craft beers.   And you certainly won't break this guy's heart when you put me in front of EITHER of these things.Girlfriend and I set this up as a lunch date on a Friday before running a slew of errands, and wanted to kick off the day right with a good meal, a couple of tasty beers, and a new experience.  I will speak for both of us when I say that Station 2 provided all of that for us.Walking in, I was expecting the place to be larger (in regards to seating capacity).  Maybe a dozen booths, a dozen 4-6 top tables, and a bar off in the far back.  Taking on an appearance of an old fire station (I mean, not to be an ass here, but isn't that where the restaurant name came from anyhow?).  Rich and dark colors, concrete flooring and high ceilings.  Definitely retained the feeling of an old station house.  The walls had various pieces of artwork that were pretty cool to look at, and I can only guess were from local artists.  I mean, I wouldn't mind owning the picture they have of the dog holding the Legends beer bottle.Anyway, as aforementioned, this meal was planned in advance, so obviously I had been salivating over the menu selections for a few days, in attempts to come to some final decision prior to arriving to the restaurant.  As always, no decision prior to arriving was made, and I still took 5-10 minutes scanning the menu.  We started off with giant jalapenos stuffed with pimento cheese and wrapped in bacon.  Really delicious, and a good way to start the day (for us.)  Now on to the good stuff.  Tons of ways to have YOUR burger.  Your traditional condiments and toppings and not so traditional as well.  I went with "The Ballpark" , medium rare.  The burger came out nice and pink, and very juicy.  Seasoned perfectly and topped with a split and grilled amerikreiner sausage (West Virginian sausage), grilled onions, smoked gouda, & habanero stone ground mustard.  The combination of flavors was REALLY exceptional.  The buttery and flaky bun with the savory and slightly sweet onions with the explosive spices and juices from the burger with a slight kick from that mustard.  Really good stuff.  Washed it all down with an IPA from Abingdon, VA, Troopers Alley.  For me, a perfect match up.Wrap up:  Craving a burger and a nice craft beer to accompany it?  You owe it to yourself to try this place.  With topping combinations that you are unlikely to find anywhere else, and a beer selection that matches, you can expect a unique experience with a handcrafted burger, cooked to your liking, and some decent beverage choices to accompany it.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,2/1/2013,15,25,3,5,4>How could anyone give this less than 5 stars? I read through the reviews, and it seems like people either weren't ordering the right thing or were just super critical. Hands down, this is my favorite Richmond restaurant, and it's my favorite Vietnamese restaurant anywhere. I would eat here every day if I could afford it, and I would never, ever tire of it. I have been going there for about 4 years about once every other week, and I'm going to keep that trend up for as long as I live here. First, the food-- everything that I have ever gotten is awesome and yummy. It literally makes me want to get up and dance with joy (haven't ever actually done this, but I have seriously debated it once or twice). My standard dish is the rice noodle salad with crispy tofu and spring rolls. My husband gets the same thing with shrimp added. We also love the rocket shrimp and the shrimp toast. Second, the beer-- it's the best selection in all of Richmond in my opinion-- huge menu and great prices. Their Belgian selection specifically is fantastic. There is a reason why their slogan is "Mekong is for Beer Lovers" and they now have a "secret beer entrance." Overall Mekong is fantastic, and again, I have no idea why anyone would rate it critically. Now I want to go to Mekong... so shouldn't have written this review at 1 in the morning. Sigh.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,1/31/2013,21,129,2,7,3>I've never been a fan of yoga. Awkward posing, never knowing what to do, "flowing" into something else, it's awful. This however was none of that. In fact, it may be the way to heal everything wrong with you. I had severe back pain and nothing was working. I tried regular massages, "traditional" workouts, etc, but the pain never stopped. Finally after some searching, I decided to give this yoga a shot. It was life changing. I maintained my classes and after a full week of classes everyday, I no longer had back pain, what was this magic? My back felt how it felt before my car accident that caused said back pain. It was incredible. Side bonuses? Great skin and lost inches. I recommend trying this for at LEAST 10 classes before deciding one way or the other. I've been to other studios, but I really appreciate this one. The teachers are nice, the classes are small, there is no fan and it doesn't smell funky.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,1/30/2013,155,34,2,5,2>My favorite barre studio ever. These classes are so hard - but amazing. The owner/instructor, Ashley, is so awesome. They pick the best music for class, and everyone is super sweet. Barre is such an awesome workout and the hour-long classes fly by. Usually when I go, everyone's wearing a tee/tank and stretch pants/leggings and no shoes/socks. Don't be discouraged by a wait list. I've gotten on the wait list and gotten a spot in class within a few hours several times.  They also do email/text notifications so you know if you've gotten in. This is a fun class to go to with your girlfriends, and there are great restaurants/bars on the same block to grab a drink/dinner after class.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,1/29/2013,23,48,2,6,5>So this place might just be the restaurant of the year for me.  It completely changed what I think 5 stars should be.  So it will definitely have a long lasting effect on all subsequent reviews that I post on yelp.   Where to start...Positives...The atmosphere is awesome.  Cozy, cool decorations, great music, awesome bar layout.  It's a very comfortable and welcoming space to enjoy a good meal.The service is extremely attentive.  We sat at the bar and every server in the restaurant checked on us at least once, even if they weren't our server.  The bar tender was friendly and recommended drinks and food for us to try.The food is really the shining star here.  First they brought out this spoonful of goodness which i think was scallops and some kind of sweet sauce that was mind blowing.  I ordered  a cup of soup, the roasted pheasant, the lobster corndog, and ended with a dessert .  There wasn't one part of the meal that was just OK.  I can't even say what the weakest part of the meal was because it just kept getting better with each course.The creativeness with the different combinations of food that just don't seem to go together on paper makes for a really fun experience if you are willing to venture out and try different things.Non positives... (cause i don't think they are necessarily negatives)Location is not my favorite, and there is only street parking.There aren't a lot of tables and they don't  take reservations for parties of less than 6.  So you may have to get there early or just expect to wait.Could be considered pricey but afterwards I felt it was money well spent.Can't wait to go back and bring friends!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,1/28/2013,29,159,5,9,6>What are you doing? Are you making reservations for Rappahannock? Go make reservations, then come read my review. I'll wait.Okay?Okay! So, basically, I'm going to talk about just one dish. Everything here was wonderful, but there's a particularly surprising dish on the menu that really captivated me. Specifically, the Tuna Crudo. This uses powerful preserved lemon and delicate chile to draw out the deep concentrated flavor of the Akami they use. Normally, I prefer chu-toro, but this time I was really blown away by the depth of flavor provided by this leaner cut. Slivers of olive rounded out the dish, and provided a faintly briny complement to the lemon. Order This.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,1/27/2013,160,252,2,2,2>Best Indian food around - seriously! I love it most out of all the places I've tried both in Richmond and Northern Virginia. It is the best quality and the most bang for your buck if you go during lunch! For $9-$11 (depending on if you get a vegetarian entree or meat entree), you get either a soup or salad, the entree itself, plentiful naan and basmati rice, the side of the day, and a dessert! I have never been disappointed. Of the several times I've been I have gotten to try the chicken tikka masala, the tandoori platter, the lamb rogan josh, the lamb sabji, the bhindi masala (okra), and the vegetable curry. I've basically explored all parts of the menu and have loved everything! You really just can't go wrong here. Their sides and desserts change day to day - my favorites of those two are the spiced chickpea side and the gulab jamun (a warm ball of doughy goodness in a sweet sugar sauce). If you haven't gone here you are missing out on one the bests finds in Richmond! Go now! The lunch hour gets pretty busy so try and go early!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/26/2013,34,80,3,4,3>You need to drop whatever you are doing and go get some pizza at Anthony's. It's pretty much perfect. End of review.Just kidding, but seriously, they make a mean pizza. I went with some friends a few weeks ago on a Friday night. It was a little crowded and there was a wait, but it was also the same week that their awesome reviews in Style Weekly and Richmond Magazine came out. They were still able to seat our large group without too long of a wait. They have an awesome beer and wine selection (and cider, which is what I went with) and the general vibe of the place is casual, easy-going neighborhood pizza joint. We tried their garlic bread for an appetizer, and it was awesome, although I can't remember much about it because we all scarfed it down so fast. I DO remember the delicious mushroom pizza a friend and I split. Soo good. Crispy crust, perfect amount of sauce/cheese/mushrooms, and definitely big enough to split (and have leftovers!). We were all pretty full after dinner, but their dessert specials tempted us. Three words: Pumpkin. Gingerbread. Gelato. It was just as delicious as it sounds, and came pretty close to outshining the pizza. I'm pretty sure its a seasonal offering, but I really hope they make it year round! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,1/25/2013,79,79,,7,4>Mary Angela's does two things really well.No, it's not the pizza, which I would likely rate fair. It's decent pizza, but there are some hidden gems here that should not be missed.The first- their wings! Holy cow, are their wings good. They are the perfect level of crispy. The meat is still tender and juicy but the outside is perfectly breaded and crispy, with just the right amount of spicy kick. I don't live in delivery distance anymore, but I can say that when I did, wings were ordered on a weekly basis.The other thing that I LOVE from Mary Angela's is their steak and cheese. They make an AMAZING steak and cheese. Stuffed with juicy, shaved steak, stringy provolone cheese and lots of mushrooms (my favorite), onions and peppers. The sandwich is literally dripping down your arms, which, in my opinion, is the calling card of a good sub.The bread stands up to this meaty, HUGE sandwich and at a price of about $8, you are really getting a deal.If you have a sweet tooth, their homemade cannolis are delicious, despite their (kind of) steep price.  If you're eating in, be aware that this place gets PACKED. Even picking up carryout can leave you feeling squished a little bit as the place is small and always bustling.I usually ordered delivery, and they were quick and speedy, never any mistakes.I love Mary Angela's!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2013,3/26/2013,10,11,3,3,3>A pretty fun bar that every Richmond-er should check out.  Penny Lane is a British Liverpool pub which is a great place to catch a soccer (football) match.  The place usually gets pretty crowded when there's a big match going on and it gets rowdy (but definitely in a fun way).They have a decent selection of UK brews that you probably won't find elsewhere.  The pub fare is also pretty tasty -- offering a British/UK cuisine.The bartenders are very nice and do a good job of taking care of you.  Although I've had hit or miss service with the waitstaff while sitting at the table (sit at the bar if there's room).Upstairs features some billiards and darts which is pretty nice, but it kind of feels dungeony because there isn't much light.  Still though, it's fun.I think my only real complaint about this place is the location.  If you're into barhopping, then the location isn't ideal because the nearest bar is about two blocks away and that's basically it until Shockoe Bottom.  But if you're into just coming to a unique bar and settling down for a few hours and having a good time, then you'll really enjoy it.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/25/2013,6,12,2,6,3>Deep Groove is the kind of record store that makes me really happy I decided to get into collecting records.The store has a great selection. It's clean, well-organized, and they have the friendliest staff I've ever had the good fortune to encounter. Jay is incredibly knowledgeable, and you can tell he has a real passion for vinyl and music in general.  When I started collecting, I was really glad to have found Deep Groove, since they made starting out much less intimidating.Shopping at Deep Groove is always a pleasure, and I try to get over there as often as I can. I'm leaving Richmond in a few months, and I'm going to miss this place a lot.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,3/24/2013,4,86,3,5,3>Came here with the significant other and some friends = Awesome experience!The restaurant was very clean and had a good set up, the host greeted us with a smile and we didn't have to wait for more than five minutes before being seated.The waitstaff is on point and the chef is not only entertaining but a good chef too. I ordered  sushi rolls, though I can't remember the exact kind, I do remember that I liked it. Which is the important part right? The hibachi chicken with scallops was fantastic, nothing was over cooked and tasted great and the meat to non meat ratio was perfect. The sake was good too! Two large bottles and you're all set, just don't' try to catch the shrimp thrown at ya if you do drink that because you'll end up like me with your butt on floor and your chair upside down...Yeah, it was that kind of night.Want fun relaxing night with mad grub and left overs to boot? This is your hibachi grill.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,3/23/2013,33,73,6,2,2>I'm definitely a fan of Dixie Donuts.  While I'm not typically a "cake" donut fan, their flavors and variety made up for it.  My husband and I decided to get a dozen to slowly eat over the course of the next couple days.  I think there might have been one or two that made it to breakfast the next day....  My favorites were the raspberry and the strawberry balsamic.  The glaze tasted like it had real fruit in it and had a good covering to the donut.My one thing to note would be sometimes the flavors "in" the donuts aren't very strong.  Once I learned to expect that, I knew how to pick my donuts-- for me, it's get ones with lots of "stuff" on top.But the staff has a great sense of humor.  Being cash only at the time, we handed the nice girl our money.  She asked if I wanted a receipt.  I started cracking up so much I didn't even have time to explain.  She looked at me like I was a little crazy, but I think got the explanation when I made a comment on the facebook page.You may understand the humor in asked if you needed a receipt for a donut if you're a Mitch Hedberg fan.  But just in case you're not... "I bought a doughnut and they gave me a receipt for the doughnut. I don't need a receipt for the doughnut. I'll just give you the money, and you give me the doughnut, end of transaction. We don't need to bring ink and paper into this. I just can't imagine a scenario where I would have to prove that I bought a doughnut. Some skeptical friend: 'Don't even act like I didn't get that doughnut! I got the documentation right here...oh, wait it's at home...in the file...under "D", for doughnut.'"Needless to say, we like this place. :)
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,3/22/2013,125,397,3,15,4>I had European Taste in my bookmarks for some time now, and I was finally able to try it this past Sunday, which happened to be the day after they celebrated their one-year anniversary.  The strip mall is very unassuming and restaurant itself is  a small, no frills type of spot, but the food is a true super star!  Everything is homemade, and you can taste the love that the incredibly friendly and hospitable husband and wife duo have poured into it.  The owners are Romanian and take the time to prepare dishes from their home country, as well as Hungary, Turkey, and Greece with an unparalleled special touch.  Dining at their establishment is quite the treat and, unlike other establishments, it isn't because of some frilly decor, but because they actually make some unforgettably tasty food!My boyfriend and I started off with the lavosh  bread, which is a crispy bread filled with soft, tart,and fluffy feta cheese filling.  It was warm, comforting, and very tasty.  For our meal, I ordered the Hungarian goulash ($7).  The lunch portion was perfect.  The real dish is very different from the stuff we Americans call goulash.  It is chunks of slow-cooked beef in a spicy yet tart red paprika broth with carrots and celery.  The sauce had a nice spice and almost a sour kick that I loved!  The whole dish was bursting with flavor, and it was perfect with pasta.  My boyfriend had the stuffed mushroom, which was not exactly a man portion, but the perfect size to eat light-er.  It was stuffed with cheese, spinach, and ham, and it was also delicious.  I would definitely order both dishes again, but the goulash was a true standout.Now being the sweets lover that I am, I cannot forget to mention that what sealed the deal with a golden brooch (trust me, that sounds much cooler in Spanish) was the desserts.  They were to die for!  The Sarah Bernhard cookies ($.85)were a layer of airy and crispy chocolate meringue filled with creamy chocolate frosting (I hate frosting, but this was yummy!), and rolled in nuts. MMM, MMM, MMMM!  The severino (sp? :0) dessert was also yummy.  It was a dense round cake soaked in sweet syrup.  The cake had a dense texture that reminded me of my favorite Salvadoran yo-yo pastry.  It was comfort for my tummy.  Also, the raffaelo truffle was divine.  The box stuff has absolutely nothing on the real thing.  Wow, wow, wow!  This woman needs to be teaching pastry classes on the side.  I want to  be her apprentice, just  because, just so that I can be only half as cool as she is.  What an amazing adventure for your taste buds!  Do yourself a favor and go!  We are so lucky that we have such a cool place in Richmond!*Check the hours before you go* They open late during the week.UPDATE:- sarmale (cabbage rolls) - delish!  Perfectly light yet satisfying and very flavorful- kremesh - light yet richly flavored cream with perfectly flaky pastry layers.  Yum!- meatballs and marinara - yum, yum, yum!  Unlike any Italian restaurant and oh so delish!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,3/21/2013,207,132,3,5,5>Tacos del corazon, kidz. This place is REAL, not norteno-accommodation. Their margaritas are the real deal, too - no mix, real lime juice, and sized for those not seeking to get knee-walking drunk on one round.Highly recommend checking out the escabeche (spiced pickled vegetable salad) and the guacamole, which is among the best I've ever had.The tacos themselves are perfection. The corazon (beef heart for the non-cognoscenti) was perfectly seasoned, and the side-by-side of pescado and corazon was a great combo plate.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,3/20/2013,9,102,2,3,3>One of my absolute favorite places in Richmond... and it's FREE!I love to pack a picnic lunch and spend the day at Maymont walking through the gardens, visiting the science center, checking out the animals in the petting zoo or just relaxing on a blanket on the expansive lawn. It's such a beautiful place.IMHO, everyone should visit Maymont at least once if they're ever within driving distance of the park!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/19/2013,44,170,3,10,2>Wow oh wow! This place didn't remind me of Delux at all- the renovations are incredible and were done perfectly.  I got the same feeling when I walked in last night that I got when Mint opened- the place just looks fresher and not so much divey fan bar.I have to start by saying we had a wonderful dinner and experience last night.  I think there are probably a few kinks that have to be worked out by Friday evening but nothing that would keep me  or other patrons from coming back.Michelle Williams knows how to do restaurants and she hasn't failed Richmond.  The oysters were amazing, the seared ahi tuna appetizer just right and for entrees, I had the filet topped with blue cheese over mashed potatoes and broccolini.  Cooked and prepared So perfectly that I wasn't interested in sharing a single bite...even though I did.We also ordered the ancho barbecued shrimp dish, served over a crispy yet creamy croquette and hands down the best greens we've ever tasted.Our waitress was knowledgable and extremely friendly.  She obviously knew her menu very well and that impressed me VERY much.All In all...I can't wait to go back! And if you haven't been, you need to go ASAP.Take Care & Savor it up!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,3/18/2013,7,31,2,7,4>I recently moved to Richmond and was in search of a new salon.  I am very picky when it comes to my hair and my stylist.  After much research, I decided to give Red Salon a visit. I am glad I did.  I booked an appointment with Autumn after stopping in to see the place.  I was helped immediately.  I told them what I was seeking and they recommended her based on her experience.  (she is the owner of the salon too!) I was only able to get in 1.5 months away! I guess that speaks to her popularity.  However, I was placed on a waiting list and was able to get in earlier than my original appointment because of a cancellation.  Autumn was great! She listened, suggested, and really took the time to get to know her client. My color looks great and is exactly what I wanted.  My cut is fantastic too.  I will become a regular for Autumn.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,3/17/2013,19,9,2,4,3>Love Love LOVE Wine & Design!  I have been lucky enough to make it into two of the Paint Your Pet classes and paint both of my adorable pups!  These classes sell out because they are 1) so much fun and 2) a fantastic way to end up with a piece of art to display or give away after a couple hours!!Due to the busy schedules of my friends and family, I have only been able to go to Wine and Design by myself.  I must say, though, the artists and owner make you feel right at home and once your class begins, it's been easy to talk to the other attendees.I am signed up for two classes this month and just can't wait!  It's such a bargain - with the BYOB - just as cheap as any night out here in Richmond - AND you come home with a piece of art.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,9/3/2013,69,336,2,4,3>I have been anxious to try Pasture since moving back to Richmond last summer after many years away.       I remember when this place was Montaldo's!   This place did not disappoint!If I had to describe the menu, I suppose I would call it southern fare (iced tea served in mason jars) with a slightly modern twist.  Familiar things from my childhood, but in a slightly new way.   I am not sure why some other reviewers seem to be identifying this place as a burger place.   While there is a burger option on the dinner menu, they have a lot more to offer.On this visit, we began with a starter of fried okra (you don't get more Southern than that).     Instead of cut into slices, the whole okra was lightly dusted with a cornmeal coating and delicately fried.   I must say this is the best okra I believe I have ever had!My friend had the Country Captain, which you rarely see outside of Charleston, SC, and I had the steak, which was cooked perfectly and served with red wine reduction with mushrooms and carmelized onions.  We were both very happy with our dinners.   I was only sorry I ate so much that I did not have room for dessert.  That lemon buttermilk pie sounded delicious.   Maybe on my next visit, along with the soft shell crabs!The only thing I would recommend would be to have lemonade.  That way, I can enjoy an Arnold Palmer (very southern and my favorite thing to drink) with my meal.   I find the space to be comfortable and relaxing.   Even for a busy Friday evening, we were seated promptly upon our arrival enjoyed service was appropriately attentive and friendly.   With places likes Pasture, I look forward to having dinner downtown more often.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,9/2/2013,35,136,2,9,3>Walking into Clippers Cafe is like stopping by your favorite aunt's house. It's a warm, bright, welcoming restaurant where you are greeted by some super kind folks. The restaurant is impossible to spot from the road, but you'll find it, right next to Baker's Kitchen at the corner of Hull St. & Courthouse.Any restaurant that serves breakfast all day long is a place I want to try, because let's face it, there are few things better than breakfast in the middle of afternoon.That said, I didn't try their breakfast selections, but had the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer (a little greasy, but quite delicious) and a turkey/bacon/cheddar sandwich which was pretty good. All of their desserts are homemade, but I was too stuffed after lunch to try them. Next time I go, I might just meet a friend there for coffee/dessert in the middle of the afternoon. It's that kind of place.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/1/2013,62,150,4,3,3>I told the husband that I wanted to go somewhere nice and special for our 1/2 year anniversary (yes it sounds lame but I just really wanted an excuse to go out for a nice meal).  Anyways he suggested Juleps and I am so glad he did.  We started out meal with the veal sweetbreads and the most amazing shrimp and grits I have ever had.  The sweetbreads were chicken fried with this delicious berry/mustard sauce.  The shrimp and grits had this absolutely amazing lobster broth I would gladly eat my body weight in.    For out entrees he had the catch of the day and I had the rack of wild boar.  His fish was delish and he could not stop raving about the bok choy that came with it.  I on the other hand gobbled up the rack of boar like it was my last meal.  The sweet potato and oyster mushroom hash was incredible, but I didn't finish it because I had to make room for some Bananas Foster.  The pyro in me will not allow me to say no to a tableside flambe show so yes.  It was out of this world.   Anyways now I have to come up with other excuses so I have an excuse to go back!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,8/31/2013,89,171,3,7,6>Summary: Capriccios is an Italian restaurant that features items such as pasta, subs, and pizza.Cost: We ordered a Large pizza (16"), half pepperoni, half cheese, and it came to about $14.  Additionally, Yelp currently has a Check-In deal for 10% off of an entire order.  Not too shabby!Taste: When we first got into Richmond from an 8 hour car trip, we were starving and got a Papa John's pizza because we knew what that was and associate that with mediocre pizza that is sufficient, but not great.  Had we known about Capriccios at the time, we'd have ordered that for sure.  The crust was nice and crispy and the cheese has a nice subtle Italian cheesey taste to it.  The sauce wasn't anything special, but didn't taste overly salty or overwhelming.  As a whole it's not bursting with flavor, but the textures are nice and the overall pizza was undoubtedly better than chain pizza places.  (At least the ones I'm familiar with.)Atmosphere: Situated in one of those shopping plaza type arrangements, the external of the building makes you feel like you'll be walking into a tiny place.  It's actually not that tiny and in fact has a cozy and comfortable feel to it.  There are some statues and decorative items in there that are probably from Italy (or are meant to look like they're from Italy) to give it that slightly Italian feel.Service: When we arrived there were only a few people dining and the waitress was very attentive.  Throughout the next half an hour, nearly all of the tables filled up and customers came for pickups, and still only the one waitress was there.  She still managed to stay very friendly and took good care of her customers, but admittedly the service became quite slow.  However, it's a different kind of feeling than to be blown off by rude wait staff as she was trying her heart out and was super nice throughout the whole experience, so I can't knock her for trying her heart out.  Should have been at least 2 or 3 wait staff members to keep up with the dinner rush in my opinion.  Kudos to her though.Overall: We were looking for a place with a decent pizza, and we ended up getting a great pizza.  We're still new to the Richmond scene, so I can't really rate Capriccios against local competitors, but it sure beats the pizza sauce out of Papa John's.  I'm sure we'll be trying some more pizza from around Richmond in the upcoming months, but I do expect to return to Capriccio's and order another pizza.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,8/30/2013,68,266,5,14,5>Indoor. Trampoline. Arena. SIGN ME up!I was a facebook fan months before they opened and I really excited about this sport concept since there is NOTHING like it in RVA. $12 per hour during the week, and $20 for 2 hours. Me and and a several friends did a 2 hour session for $25 but it was on a Friday night so no discounts. We went from 8-9PM and then another session at 9PM Club Gravity for 15+ year olds where they turn off most of the lights and turn on a minimal strobe effect/flashing lights deal.The main floor is about size of regular high school b-ball court?? the whole floor is made of trampoline material and some of the walls have trampolines so you bounce off the walls! Cool, i know! there are also punching bags/soccer balls hanging from strings so you can try to jump HIGH and reach for them too. There is also a basketball area so you can try to dunk which is also pretty neat. They also have a small dodge ball area where you can jump AND play ball which is really fun and super crazy! They also have a foam pit where you can jump and do tricks/back flips into a foam pit. Alot of the kids were doing double flips and weird stunts and it was fun b/c it was really safe. ***NOTE ***  You should probably only go for ONE hour. I was WIPED after about 20 minutes and had to take it kinda easy for the rest of the night. Definitely went to hard initially and you gotta take it easy. Lots of fun, cool concept and really brings your inner child out. The only downside is that there is ALOT of kids and sometimes you just wish you had people who knew how to jump and respect your 'personal' jumping space.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/29/2013,71,94,5,13,4>I am not going to go through my typical review where I OVERLY talk about the wait staff, the decor, and all that other nonsense.  You can get that picture painted for you from the combination of everyone else's reviews.  You aren't going to have some over-excited person with flare and suspenders constantly bothering you at your table.  Want a bottle of wine?  You get up and go pick the bottle out.  What's on the menu?  Get up and take a look at the chalk board.We started with the Shad Roe (A first for me), and it was pretty tasty.  Just about as I was expecting.  Super strong fish flavor, the dish tossed in the broiler to melt the cheese on top, all aboard a piece of toast with anchovy spread.  Nice combo of flavors there.But the true highlight of the meal I had was the Eggplant Parmisagna.  Holy. Crap.  Without a doubt, this is the BEST Italian dish, I have EVER had at ANY restaurant.  I've eaten in TONS of them between Florida to New York, and I was just absolutely floored with this dish.  The kicker?  I'm not even that crazy about eggplant.  The marinara sauce was so sweet, with an acidic bite, that clashed 'oh so wonderfully' with occasional crunchy cheese crust of the dish.  The eggplant was flavorful and tender as it was laced with gooey cheese throughout the entire plate.  I will, without a doubt, come back JUST for this dish.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.  Seriously.PRO TIP:  THEY ONLY TAKE AMERICAN EXPRESS AND CASH.  (We learned that the hard way)
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,8/28/2013,29,46,5,4,4>My husband and I don't get out to eat very often without kids. This time we decided to go to a "cheaper" place that we hadn't tried, so we could choose from many different menu items whilst spending as much as we would for a "fancy" dinner. Thus, increasing the amount of food that we are able to experience in one sitting. We are so smart. Ordered: Five Star Nachos with ChiliVegetarian PlatterCheeseburgerMushroom Swiss BurgerFriesOnion Rings Everything gets 5 stars, except the nachos. They get a 3. The chili has cinnamon or something weird in it that only certain people like. I am not really one of those people.  I am a traditionalist like that. However, I am also not one of those people that lets palatable food go to waste, so they did get eaten. Well not all of them, they are enormous.Then onion rings were especially delicious. Suriously.The burgers were rich, and greasy, and very bad for you. Winners. Veggie plate- yummers. Embrace it.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,8/27/2013,8,229,3,12,5>Wow! My new favorite Richmond restaurant. This is the place that you need to go NOW. Do not wait for their fame to catch up to them when they expand, add staff, and then the experience is not the same. Go NOW. I used to enjoy the Mehkong Restaurant before they expanded. Same here.When you go in, it is TINY. You think it is just a take out joint. There are probably only three tables that can handle four+ people. Then maybe three more tables that can handle 3. We came early and there was one couple in the largest table. When we left, they were still there and there was one other couple. Two folks came in for take out while we were there. Couldn't believe this place doesn't have more traffic. I'm sure it will come.There are three people working there. All from Romania and wonderfully nice. The husband was the waiter. He was one of the most gregarious and kind hearted people I have met in a long time. Very proud of being from Romania and will give you a picture tour, show you the map, and talk to you re: his homeland. It was like eating at your Uncle's house and he hasn't seen you in 10 years. He was there trying to make sure you enjoyed yourself. His wife was the main cook. I think his/her brother helped in the kitchen, but he was infrequently seen. The wife cooks all the food herself from Romanian recipes. The food was absolutely wonderful.We started with a Chardonnay from the region. I'm not a wine snob, so I can't tell you all the bouquets and other facts. I won't be condescending about it. I asked for whatever "local" white he had and he was proud to serve it. We enjoyed it because of that. We had hand made rolls which were warm and wonderful. We could have had more, but we ordered some Lavosh - homemade bread with melted feta cheese in it. Awesome! I don't like Feta, but my wife does so I tried it. Glad I did. If I go again, I wouldn't have had both. They were wonderful, but just a lot of food.I had the Transylvanian sausage. It was GREAT. They will sell them uncooked and the waiter highly recommended taking them and grilling them. Definitely going to try that. They were hand made and seemed more beef than pork. They were un-uniformly hand made. There was some plain mustard to dip them in which was a good addition. I ordered the mashed potatoes and I'm a home body so I was in heaven.My wife had the Goulash. Everyone recommends it and so did our waiter. She ordered the Lunch version and it was massive. I tried it. Wow! The meat was perfect, the sauce was kind of stew like (spicy or mild - we went mild), with awesome vegetables. What a wonderful staple. She ordered pasta with it. It tasted yummy & fresh.We were stuffed! 2 glasses of wine each, two entrees, appetizer, three desserts to go and all under $50. They should charge more! By the way - this is all a lie, don't ever go here!!! (I couldn't stand the thought of having to share this gem...so stay away. Seriously, don't ruin this place.....)
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,8/26/2013,135,66,1,6,3>Wow.  One of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Their pulled pork rivals Kuba Kuba's (even better than, maybe?).  Interesting sides, too.  You can easily have a delicious lunch for less than $10.  I got the fresh fruit and it was made with a wide mix of fruits - much more than just pineapple and melons.  Staff was super friendly, too.  I'm blown away by this spot.  The one drawback is how awkwardly located it is.  Don't enter through Main St...use 9th St. and walk down the stairs.  The patio is a nice place to dine...better than inside, which is boring and made me think it's what a Communist deli would look like.  (Note:  I've never been to a Communist country.)  I agree with the reviewers who give this a 5 star based on what it's competing against, not vs. the overall restaurant scene in RVA.  This is a great, easy going lunch spot.  Not a date spot, or a place to take your parents while in town.  Just an amazing option if you forgot to bring lunch or need to quickly catch up with a friend downtown.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,8/25/2013,44,170,3,9,3>The. Best. Brunch. Ever.I said it.  EVER.So, I have still yet to make an appearance for dinner here but myself, my dining partner in life, and another couple planned on brunch this past Sunday.  It was 10:30AM and I called to see if I could make a reservation for 11:30, and I was so excited when they said yes and also excited that we didn't have to wait for a table!Our waiters name was Patrick, and he was awesome.  I will go back and specifically request his section because he was just my idea of the perfect person to be waited on by.  Patrick took our drink orders, mimosa, bloody mary, English Breakfast (morning cocktail), and another cocktail, and then our food order.  The libations all arrived and were delicious.  By the time we were about half-way done with our drinks, our food came.  I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benny which was just amazing.  I make a mean eggs benedict and confidently believe it's better than most restaurants but Heritage has me beat!  It came with a side of hash browns which were amazingly delicious and I'm not sure what brand of crack they use to make them so delicious, but I'll continue ordering them.  My other half ordered the "big mess" which was hash browns, pulled pork, cheddar cheese,  smoked creme cheese and a few others ingredients i'm sure I'm missing but literally, it was so freaking delicious, that you couldn't put your fork down.At one point, someone asked me if I was finished and I looked down at my plate and had only eaten half of my meal....I responded instantly, that I knew what his intentions were and I was unwilling to share....and then I caved and shared.So I can't wait to go back for brunch again and again and am absolutely looking forward to dinner.Go here, ask to be seated in Patrick's section, order anything, and i'm positive you'll be satisfied.Take care & savor it up!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,5/31/2014,35,136,4,6,4>Do you know how you read great reviews of a place, have high hopes for a terrific meal, and then you actually make a reservation and end up disappointed. Yeah, well that didn't happen at Julep's. Everything was superb---from the reservation process until the time we left. This place is first-rate all the way. I called to make a reservation and never visited Julep's before. The kind man on the phone asked if I wanted to sit upstairs or down. I asked for his opinion since I had never been there before. He said, "Then definitely sit upstairs." He was right. The upstairs is super cool--you walk up a winding staircase to a room with exposed beams. Beautiful.The cocktails were great...they don't skimp on the booze. The crab cakes had very little filling and were cooked perfectly. My husband ordered rockfish and it was divine. The fried green tomatoes we had as an appetizer were great...loved the addition of pimento cheese.Our server was knowledgeable and friendly and didn't rush us through our meal.Valet parking is a plus and at $7 totally worth it.This is a great place to bring out-of-town visitors for a great experience or to celebrate a special occasion. It's a great date nice place, too!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,5/30/2014,12,68,3,6,4>Are you having the worst day of your life during the summer? No problem, it's probably nothing that a train wreck from Sweet 95 cannot fix. Just make sure you have cash. Sweet 95 is delicious. They use Homestead Creamery ice cream, which is one of the best ice creams to be found in the South. My favorite train wreck is the Cookie Monster, which is chocolate ice cream with oreo cookies, hot fudge, and marshmallow creme all mixed up. Your tummy and taste buds will love you if you order this. The Elvis is my second favorite train wreck, peanut butter and banana, and oh so yummy.  I've also ordered their Coconut Chocolate Chip ice cream and it is very good too. Sweet 95 is the perfect end to any Summer day, but it is the even more perfect end to a bad day.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,5/29/2014,14,184,5,7,5>The best way to describe Ellwood Thompson's is where the counterculture meets Richmond. On any given day you will find young ones, bodies filled adorned with tattoos, piercings, etc, as well as grey hairs, clothed in what appears to be their Sunday best and it all works.Having been clued into this incredible establishment a short time ago, I have made the pilgrimage at least twice a week for a number of reasons. First, they have a nice selection of regionally grown produce that is superior in taste to any similar product imported from elsewhere. Secondly, there is no local store that I know of that has a larger selection of organic produce and products. Thirdly, they have wonderful gluten free products. Fourthly, I just love their Curry chicken salad, samosas. And finally, they have great bakery products, including my favourite Vegan Carrot Cake, which is better than most non-vegan carrot cakes I've tasted elsewhere. Of course, there are many other reasons to enjoy this store, including their health and personal care section, but it is too much to consider here.Of course, this all comes at a cost, which is in the form of your bill at checkout. Yes, you might find some of the products cheaper elsewhere, but you won't find all the products they offer anywhere else I've visited during my time in Richmond. So buckle up your seat belt, loosen up the wallet and partake in this great supermarket!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/28/2014,38,176,6,7,5>The hubby and I checked out Rappahannock before an evening at the Richmond Symphony...hello date night!  Our meal was delish and the service was spot on!  We sat at the bar and were quickly given menus, water, and given a nice welcome.  All the staff was friendly, great at their job, and you could tell they were part of a well working team.We shared the tuna tartare app, the monkfish, scallops, and the apple cobbler....all were amazing!  - Drinks.  First, what an amazing drink menu!  I had a Spanish Highball: Tanqueray 10 Gin, Q Tonic, orange peel, licorice stick, juniper berries.  It was so refreshing and delicious.- Tuna tartare was fresh with lots of flavor... I couldn't pinpoint all the ingredients, but it was the best I have ever had!- The monkfish was served with fennel in a light coconut milk, lime, paprika broth.  This dish was my fave and I could have eaten two more plates (don't worry the serving size is good, I just loved it that much).  - The scallops were served beats and artichokes....all cooked perfectly.  Forgive me, I didn't read the menu description of this dish, so I can't recall what all was in it, but I can say it was YUM!  The scallops were a nice size and you got four, so you don't feel cheated.- The apple cobbler with vanilla ice cream.  OMG, it was served in it's own dish pulled right out of the oven....lots of apple covered topped in brown sugar and creamy ice cream.  Perfect end to a meal.  Overall I love-love Rappahannock.  The only (and I do mean only) downside it that the place is on the louder side, so at times you feel like you are yelling to someone who is sitting right beside you.  We will def be back!  Cheers!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/27/2014,36,193,4,7,4>I almost didn't review this place because I don't want everyone going there and stealing my spot! This is the one of the most low key, easy going, chill places I've been to in Richmond.  It's the place I want to go to get a drink after work, or a lazy Saturday afternoon.  It's the kind of place you want to hang out, not when you want anything extra special.  Patrick Henry has a tiny, dark  downstairs bar, an open patio that gives you the feeling that you're in someone's backyard, and an upstairs bar that has that casual, neighborhood feeling.  The food is nothing to sneeze at either - you're not going to get anything super fancy, just regular old American food at regular old prices.  Sometimes you need a break from all of Richmond's trendy restaurants!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/26/2014,13,36,3,6,5>Dr Elizabeth Reynolds is amazing.  She is professional, extremely knowlegeable and capable.  I was recommended by a friend and wanted to share the greatness of Dr Reynolds with the yelp community of Richmond.  Each time i have been impressed by the professional manner they conduct themselves and the office.  Everything from the reception experience, the actual visit, and billing has been without hiccup.Dr Reynolds explains each part of the exam/procedure so you will know what to expect.  She makes the processes literally as painless as possible. SHe is dignified and treats you with respect no matter how basic your dental issue or question is.If you are new to the area, looking to switch, I would highly recommend Brown Reynolds and Snow. I have been there for routine exams, whitening and another procedure. Thank you BRS Dentistry.Website:  brsdentistry.com/meet-th
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/25/2014,76,6,4,6,4>There are three places I go in Richmond when I'm feeling defeated, and For the Love of Chocolate is one of them. The staff is super friendly and knowledgable about the candy they have in stock and make. They have my favorite candy bars from England I haven't been able to find anywhere else in RVA besides World Market. The prices at For the Love of Chocolate are so very reasonable and beat World Market almost every time.After making this review, I'm gonna need to hit up For the Love of Chocolate after work and grab me a Curly-Wurly, Buttons and Flake!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,5/24/2014,7,21,4,6,5>I love this combination deli, bar and grocery store and I'm so excited that it's in my neighborhood! The owners of Union Market have worked hard to create a solid menu, great beer and wine selection and extremely diverse selection of market items. You can get high-end, local, gourmet, organic, trendy, free-range grocery items but there's also a huge selection of basics that would fit any price range. They carry breakfast items, snacks, dry goods, some pet food and toiletries and have a pretty solid beer and wine inventory for a small place. Each week the market has more things, based on suppliers and feedback from customers and it's been fun to see what new amazing food they have in stock. I have done my grocery shopping here a few times and have run in to pick up a few snacks or party supplies.You could come here on a date, with friends for a drink or by yourself to hang out and do some work or just chat up the bartender or other locals that drop in. Everyone seems very friendly and Union Market has just the right blend of upscale and comfortable for anyone to feel welcome here.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/23/2014,21,5,6,9,8>This is one of my favorite restaurants in Richmond, and by far serves the best pizza in Richmond!   Having lived in NY for 7 years, I became spoiled to delicious pies on every corner of the city.  Luckily Flames is on a corner not too far from my house!  The ingredients are fresh and authentic, and the best part is, they make their own gluten-free crust in-house!  Thank you Flames 231 for letting this gluten-intolerant girl enjoy the amazing delicacies you prepare in your wood-burning oven.  And for your customer service!  I will continue to rave about and recommend you to my friends for as long as you continue to deliver the good stuff.  Namely arugula and prosciutto on a hand-held homemade gluten-free crust that you deliver to my door with a smile.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/22/2014,63,13,6,7,7>For a little while there cupcakes were everywhere. Specialty bakeries were popping up everywhere. Multiple television shows have been dedicate to the delightful little guys. I am going to state it here and now...Pearl's are, hands down, the best cupcakes around. The cake is always moist and delicious. The frostings are all fantastic. Their specialty flavors are always spot on. I have referred many a bride to Pearls and will continue to do so. Funny story - one time some of the ladies from work and I decided to hit up Pearls after work instead of going to a bar. It was the Happiest of Hours.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,1/24/2013,62,181,,5,3>Another great park South of the James- Forest Hill Park. I have been coming here since I was in diapers. This great park was once located close to where my grandparents live. And, even though it has changed quite a bit since I first started coming, it's true roots still remain. I really do love taking walks on the trails and getting to see a park that I do not often get to visit. For those of you not from RVA, I can tell you that during the snow days when kids have off, they will venture to this park for some killer sledding hills. It does boasts some of the best hills in Richmond- next to Maymont Park. For those bike riders, I can boldly say these trails are a riot but not for the new mountain biker out there. The bike trails are well maintained and you can always find someone else riding the trails on the weekends.Have you seen the lake yet...or the mini waterfall hidden in the park? It is not too far from the playgrounds - if you like a bit of a walk to get the blood flow goin'! This is a great park hidden in the city that many do not often visit. For those who have relatives in town that like to bike or just want a beautiful walk, look no further than Forest Hill Park!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,1/23/2013,35,126,3,8,4>For those of you who frequent downtown, you likely know this place as Becky's Diner @ 1st & Cary.  Becky's has been in RVA for many years and served exclusively as a breakfast & lunch spot.  As you people also know, they have been in & out of business a number of times over the last 5 years.  With new management (again) they appear to have the financing to stay open, maintaining the breakfast & lunch crowd with plans to redefine the place as a new night time hot spot for the over 25 crowd.The tacky yet quaint pink front facade with the 50s diner look has been replaced by a sleek & sexy blue color pallet with black awnings embossed with their logo & dark tinted windows.  And while the limo-tinted windows make this place slightly uninviting, perhaps even intimidating to walk up to if you're looking for a place to eat; I can assure you this place is not some shifty strip club (damn-it).They've made a good attempt at refining the dining area by completely opening the place up.  Gone is the space-consuming lunch-bar that congested the space... It has been replaced by a large number of contemporary-styled booths & dining tables.  All the lighting has been replaced by sexy pendant lighting over each booth with minimal overhead lighting for the tables which occupy the middle of the dining room. The place is filled with TVs playing sports & news which makes it a great place to decompress while staying connected to current events over lunch.As your make your way to the bathrooms, while I'm not sure this was the intention, they have created a space which can make long lines to the crapper a little more enjoyable with large home theater recliners & a flat panel TV... of course I imagine on busy nights this also creates a lot of congestion getting there.Additionally, they have replaced the 2 apartments on the 2nd & 3rd floors with a soon-to-open billiard area, 2 lounge areas, bar & private VIP room.For those of you who've dined @ Becky's over the past few years, you will still see lots of familiar faces... at least during the day time hours (not been here @ night).  You will also see that many of their down-home southern-style dishes have not been replaced on the menu.  In fact, for all intents & purposes, the only thing which seems to have changed here is the name, front facade, interior & addition of a few dinner-related menu items.As far as the food... myself & co-workers eat here quite often for lunch; normally take out.  Generally speaking, the food is good.  It's typically well seasoned American staple dishes.  From sandwiches to daily plate specials I've had, they're always yummy.  I'd say most everything I've had here is homemade; and sometimes this is more evident than others as the seasoning always varies a little.  This place serves more like what you expect from a good home-cook rather than a chef who can pull off carbon copies consistently.The staples for us are as follows: -- The Cary 100 burger... which we add an over-medium fried egg to.  A note, the description says it's on Texas Toast... We can only assume they've not experienced real Texas Toast.  They seem to think it's regular-sliced white bread that gets buttered than toasted.  So don't be surprised when you don't get 2" thick toast.-- Friday Fried Chicken... Check you heart & blood-pressure medicine @ the door, their fried chicken is  the only thing you should be eating on Friday's.  While the hand-made batter is sometimes (way) over salted, it's still bangin'.  -- Country-fried steak is certainly noteworthy although some times they come out severed with a chicken or brown gravy rather than white sausage gravy. (if you ask for white they might give you chicken gravy)... just warning you.-- Collard Greens are almost as good as the ones my grandmother used to make.  Cooked perfectly; not mushy from sitting in water too long.  Appear to be seasoned with apple vinegar, ham hock & love.-- Mashed Potatoes are not as good as mine (who's are?) but they are fresh-made with potatoes, not creamy but not chunky... guessing they make 'em with chicken broth as they are too light to be milk-basedBecause I want to see them succeed, a little constructive criticism never hurts...Breakfast:  Same as Karens, 3rd St, McLeans, River City... except $1-$3 more per plate.   Redefine your breakfast with presentation & innovation or get your prices inline with others if you want to grow this business beyond the regs you have now.Service: They're VERY NICE & on basic task but lack professionalism/personality.  I believe service was Beckys' Achilles-heel.  A lot of $ has been spent on cosmetics but your service doesn't seem to reflect your new identify.Kitchen: I can't think of a single time I've ordered that the kitchen wasn't out of something I wanted.Takeout: While laughable to us; for new clients, the forgetfulness will determine if they order ages
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/22/2013,84,184,2,5,3>Great for Bibimbap and spicy porkOn a lazy Sunday, we came over here for lunch to get some Korean food. I've been looking for good Korean food in Richmond and this is one of a handful of restaurants. The place is big, great for large groups. Most people that came here were Korean, so  it's legit. The food is a mix of Korean, Japanese, and Chinese food. There's Korean bbq, a little sushi, tofu soup and a bibimbap stand. I'm a big fan of the spicy bbq pork and the bibimbap. Total around $13 for lunch. They do takeout and they also have a little store on the side that sells everything Korean. I finally found the chili sauce that they use for the bibimbap, yes! We also got to chat with the server, who was a pretty friendly guy.Service 5/5Food 3/5Value 3/5Store 5/5
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/21/2013,814,187,5,9,5>I cannot even count or remember how many times I have been to this Richmond gem! Thats just how much I love the food here.The pho here definitely fits the rating of 5 stars -- woohoo! as good as it gets! (in Virginia at least ;) )The pricing is moderate at $6.75 for a regular bowl and $7.25 for a large (*edit--they recently changed their menu and a large is now $7.75). The spring rolls are always fresh and cheap ($3), and their peanut sauce is probably the best peanut-hoisin mixture I have ever tasted.The pho itself is a bit sweeter than any other broth I'm used to, but it is also very rich and packs in a punch with the perfect combination of ingredients. And not only is their beef pho delicious, but their chicken pho is amazingly flavorful as well!They have a pretty extensive menu, which also features other soups, noodle, and delicious broken rice dishes. You can't go wrong with the BBQ pork chop, as the meat is very well flavored and tender. The food also comes out quicker than you can say "Pho tai gan sach nam chin bo vien"! Which is pleasantly surprising for such a busy establishment.The only thing that I might complain about is that their iced coffee is a bit TOO strong, and their pho always leaves me feeling super sleepy after ( I guess these two things cancel each other out?)I've definitely become a regular here, but I always try my best to avoid the peak days (Sunday at lunch time due to college kids' hangovers!).
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,1/19/2013,29,56,2,7,2>Had to grab some dinner between my son's events at Highland Springs HS tonight so headed to the vast fast food wasteland that exists around the airport/White Oak area.  Just as I was about to turn into a Captain McTaco King's, I decided to see if Yelp could once again come to my culinary rescue.  And once again, it came through in spades.From the outside, El Nopal would appear to be your generic Mexican food joint that occupy just about every strip shopping center.  However, I knew things were going to be different when a homemade sign on the door proclaimed that tonight's special was pork belly tacos cooked with pineapple and homemade pico de gallo sauce. Boom. Sold.Friendly staff quickly seated me at a small booth in this clean but nothing-to-write-home-about restaurant. But I didn't come here to admire cactus and sombreros, I came for food and ordered the special without even looking at the menu. And some guacamole dip.Chips came out with the standard salsa that I thought was a bit too thin (I like a chunkier salsa) along with that weird but addicting white sauce that started showing up in Mexican places a few years ago.  It tastes like some kind of mexican Miracle Whip but it doesn't stop me from downing a few chips with it.  The guacamole is okay but doesn't have enough spice to elevate the dip to anything much beyond mashed avocado.The pork belly tacos however were fantastic.  The dish came with three tacos, each using a double layer of soft corn tortillas to hold a wonderful combination of grilled pork belly, grilled pineapple, cilantro, and lettuce with a side of the best pico de gallo sauce I've ever had.  These tacos look like they just came off the Boka Tako truck, not from the kitchen of a strip mall Mexican place.  I devoured two of the three and packed up the third to enjoy for lunch tomorrow.So huge thanks go out to the staff (and food) at El Nopal for rescuing me from the sea of ordinary ... okay, let's just call it terrible ... food in this area.  I'll be back again and again.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/18/2013,46,109,1,8,3>It's about the fish here, and it's getting better and better.  Add to that the restaurant's dedication to local food AND drink, as they featured many local microbrews on their menu like Legend and Hardywood Park.  We had grilled monkfish and seared rockfish, and both were cooked to perfection with terrific sides like broccolini and a whipped sweet potato that was good enough to eat for dessert.  Always drawing a nice crowd, especially on the weekends, but still a can't miss bet for a romantic dinner or a special occasion.  The service is attentive, informative and sincere, and although pricey, the quality of food is well worth it.   I find myself putting their fish up with any other in the area, and I am sure we will return, hopefully not just for special occasions.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/17/2013,4,86,2,4,2>These people are awesome! The designer did a fantastic job capturing the design aspect that was missing my bland front yard. The landscapers were equally as awesome, they got a lot of work done in very little time, and their attention to detail was impressive. When the designer showed me what she came up with she had me meet at the nursery to show me the plants and explained the care and her overall idea for the landscape. What's cool is that she designed everything with my specific needs in mind. Easy maintenance was the most important for me and she was able to provide color, contrast, texture and year round eye candy regardless of my limiting specifications.I can't stop smiling now every time I come home, they really transformed my depressing yard into something fantastic. Worth every penny.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,1/16/2013,64,20,4,8,4>I love coming here!  The music is always random (anything from Celine Dion to Spice Girls to whatever's popular at the time...never rap) and something good is always on TV (mostly sports or news).  The food itself comes out quickly and is always delicious.  Compared to Pho So 1 or Pho 79, it may seem less authentic, but honestly I can't tell the difference between the three places, and I feel like this is in a better location.  The staff is very friendly and I've never had a rude encounter (unlike some of the other pho restaurants in town).  Definitely a consistent and reliable pho choice.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,1/15/2013,35,136,2,4,3>This restaurant is such a delightful surprise. It doesn't look like much from the outside and the location is not ideal, but take a chance and check it out. You will love it.The Athenian pizza with olive oil (instead of red sauce) rocks. Onions, tomatoes, olives, feta. YUM!Others in my group had the souvlaki and the mousakka and raved about both.Save room for the delicious desserts. They have walnut and almond baklava, custard in phyllo and an assortment of cookies. And everything is homemade.I will definitely be back. Over and over again!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,1/14/2013,33,73,2,4,4>So I am NOT a BBQ fan.  I'll just come out and say it.  I'll eat, but it's generally not something I'll pick to visit.My husband and I are going through a food passport and this one was added for him, but OMG, I think it might be in there for me now!I loved that you can have some untraditional BBQ.  My husband went with the Texas Train Wreck with the brisket.  He really liked it and we didn't realize it came with cornbread!  I stole some of the mac and cheese and it was definitely tasty -- not super creamy which is good when you're going to put a lot of juicy beans and brisket on top!I went with the BBQ Cheesesteak with the chicken and skipped the peppers (but not the jalapenos!).  I'm a girl from Philly, and this southern kick might put some of my yankee spots to shame!  It was DELICIOUS.  I kind of wanted to go back and try it with the brisket!  I wanted my own piece of cornbread and was glad I did -- but the honey butter is what made it!We washed it down with a free limeade thanks to our yelp check-in!  You can tell it was homemade, which is welcome compared to pouring it from "simply limeade" which I've seen done at other BBQ places I've visited.One thing we didn't realize though is that it's all outside!  If you're going in the winter, be bundled up or take it to your car!  We'll definitely be back.  In fact, maybe that's what we need for dinner tonight.... ;)
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,11/7/2014,15,24,1,5,4>The location is a bit hard to find and the atmosphere is less then desirable but the quality of food is amazing!! You can tell everything is fresh. I got the Black Bean and Cheese pupusa with a side of lentil salad and it was SO good. I had never had food like this before, but for a vegetarian like myself, it was a great out of the box meal! I will definitely be going back.Service was so-so. Food came out in okay time, but the cashier wasn't overly friendly.As delicious as their food is, I am sure they will have a larger nicer store front sometime in their near future- then their business will really skyrocket!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,11/6/2014,15,205,3,3,3>I've only gone for lunch so far, and I suppose i can't really rate the service because while it was excellent, we literally went in the second they unlocked the door and no one else had arrived yet- makes it easy to be attentive. Still!I and my friend had stopped for coffee and were a little nibbly so we ducked in since i keep meaning to try the place. While I was a bit disappointed that the ceviche wasn't on the lunch menu, we made do with an order of chifrijo- Costa Rica for me and the papa rellena for my friend, each sharing a few bites as per usual. Both were absolutely excellent and piping hot, and the portions were good sized despite the waitress reiterating that they were 'small plates'. The chifrijo in particular is perfectly lunch-sized and the combination of rice and beans and crispy meat chunks with guacamole and pico de gallo was just what I wanted.I'll be going back to assess dinner and drinks at some point, but I'm cheerfully optimistic on both counts.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/5/2014,69,336,3,6,5>DH and I tried this new place on for our Friday Night Date Night.  In the old Shackleford's location, we were happy to see something interesting and new open up in this location, which is fairly close to our house.  On this visit, DH and I started off with the malt vinegar pork rinds as a quick snack.  They were light, crispy and with a bite from the vinegar - very tasty.  DH wanted dinner so he ordered the Po Mi, which is a cross between a Po Boy and a Bahn Mi sandwich.  He really enjoyed the mix of flavors.  I decided that I wanted to graze instead of settling on one dish.  So I got the charcuterie platter and a side of the Tavern fries.  The platter came with two types of meats, house-made pickles and very delicious home-made chicken liver pate, along with some crusty crostini.   We were also treated to excellent service on this trip.   The only downside is Urban Tavern is a tad pricey (bill was $42 and we had no booze on this trip) but it is really not that much more than most other casual dining restaurants. But in all, this place is a welcome addition to the Tuckahoe area.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,11/4/2014,36,104,3,3,3>Can we just talk about how amazing this place is? From the eccentric collection of books to the classic toys every kid should experience to the excellent selection of pranks, this store is wall-to-wall joy. Every child or even adult should experience a toy store like this at least once in their life. Every time I see the sign it brings a smile to my face and knowing that you never really know what you'll find here.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,11/3/2014,17,27,4,4,5>Four score and seven years ago, I posted on Yelp asking other Yelpers if there were any legit noodle bars in Richmond. I was only able to enjoy the deliciousness of real ramen with my ears and eyes after reading about them and hearing about them being served in other urban areas...LA (of course), NY, and even our neighbor to the north, DC. At last, Richmond HAS a real ramen restaurant, and knowledgeable staff to help navigate you through the various choices (thank you Bridget!) From the lighter miso broth, to the thick and full flavored Stamina Ramen, as well as a couple sinus-clearing noodle soups.  Portions are ample! They also serve noodle bowls (non-soup) and rice dishes.  There's no booze, but come here for the food. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2014,11/2/2014,27,22,4,4,4>I've been here several times. A good go-to for some huge slices of good pizza. I love love love their house dressing that I order every time with the Med Salad. The combination of goat cheese and the dressing is amazing. Then I use the dressing on my pizza crust! Their slices and pizza is amazing and you can turn any of it into a calzone. Staff is very friendly. They often have live performances as well. Lots of seating and even an outdoor patio. Kinda pricey for pizza but worth it. $7.50 approx per slice but they are huge!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,11/1/2014,135,66,4,5,4>Gotta love this place. The people are great and care about what they're brewing. The service is good. And the beer is delicious. I'm sad that the Honey Ginger is going away this fall, but can't wait to see what comes in it's place.  I'm also a fan of the American Mild and Saison. My favorite brewery to hang out at in RVA. Two areas for improvement:  I'm not an IPA fan but haven't heard good things from my friends who are. The other area is their nibbles - good stuff and quality offerings, but the presentation is plasticky. They can do better. But the foods good.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,10/31/2014,2,18,5,4,5>Oh Weezie's! You're my go-to for breakfast in Carytown, early or late. I love your hours.I don't keep coffee in the house so I always have the perfect excuse to walk a block for a Weezie's breakfast. Good southern/american fare. Exceptional country fried steak, omeletes, bennies, mac n cheese, biscuits n gravy, homefries, and alcoholic brunch drink specials. Enjoy your meal with a crowd that is diverse and showcases the Carytown neighborhood feel very well. Also one of the few establishments open to the wee hours of the morning -- perfect for the late night crawls. Yeah, I'm hungry now.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2014,10/30/2014,0,16,4,4,4>I've heard so many good things about Can Can, but somehow never made it here until today. With high expectation coming in, and Can Can didn't disappoint. I had the Kuckwrust for appetizer and Lobster Crepe for main course for my lunch. Both were delicious, especially the Lobster crepe, it's rich, creamy, yet not too strong. The salad that came with it is a bit overpowering though. They don't have Creme brûlée for dessert anymore which is sad. Overall, great experience. Nice environment, friendly staff, and delicious food. One place I will definitely miss in Richmond.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/29/2014,0,5,4,5,4>My review is only for breakfast. The daily offers awesome outdoor seating and tons of vegan, gluten-free, and even paleo options along with cold pressed juices which can sometimes be hard to find in Richmond. Overall the food is great the only problem I've ever had is my sausage was undercooked but was fixed it right away. I've had the quiche and the two eggs any style both were really tasty! The prices are great and very reasonable. Service is always great!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,4/18/2012,397,15,2,4,5>There are decent diners.  There are good cafes.  There are even amazing coffee houses.  Black Hand Coffee Company blows the roof off.  As you take in the Local Art offerings complimenting the warm minimal interior, look down at your breve.  That's right, brother.  The dude behind the bar with the killer beard, aka Chris just marked the breve with a flower.  Around that point you may be getting that this place is going to deliver something special.The coffee quality?  This is truly of the highest quality beans I've experienced and I am very grateful that they are a neighbor.  They take coffee cravings to an all new level.The vibe is chill.  Very chill.  Classical playing in the background, low key lighting, a nice coffee bar, in & out seating area.Check these guys out.  Thank me later.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,4/17/2012,814,187,5,6,5>Brunch time Alcohol, delicious food, great service, friendly owner AND awesome juke boxes that will have you groovin to JAMES BROWN? What more could you want?? 4.5!!! :DI was excited to try this place out because I had heard so many good things about it. It's located in downtown Richmond, so of course parking is street parking, but we lucked out and got VIP street parking right in front of the restaurant. I was liking it already!This place is BUSY and pretty small. The servers, owner, and cooks are constantly on the move and there always seems to be a handful of people waiting both inside and outside of the restaurant (come after 1:30PM if you don't want too much of a wait). We were greeted by the nice owner with the cutest british accent, and waited about 25 minutes for a seat that ended up being at the bar. we were completely fine with that  though because we were starving. We ended up sitting next to one of the regulars and chatted up a storm. He recommended the devil's mess and soft scrambled eggs with lobster (which I'll try next time).Now for the most important part, THE FOOD. Oh the food. The food is delicious. Brunch comes with complimentary toast and butter with a plethora of delicious marmalades (orange, blackberry, strawberry).  My sister and I ordered the Devil's Mess and the Cajun Mess, both of which were served with a side of home fries. (Each $12)DEVIL'S MESS: YUM. so delicious, it's described as: an "Open-faced omelet of spicy sausage, onions, green peppers, garlic, tomatoes and mild curry, finished with melted white cheddar and avocado" The eggs were fluffy and the cheese was melty, just the way I like my omelette.CAJUN MESS: EVEN BETTER than the Devil's mess! I really enjoyed this dish and was jealous that my sister had ordered the better dish this time. It's described as: "3 eggs scrambled with spicy Andouille sausage, crawfish meat, tomatoes, onions, peppers, corn & cheddar" The crawfish meat was juicy and succulent, and the omelette excellent and flavorful.The home fries are top notch, and are served with delicious sauteed onions. They also seemed to be sprinkled with what tasted like old bay seasoning.I highly recommend this place, but don't come in a large group. Anything more than a party of 4 is a crowd for this restaurant. However, It is quite the experience that you won't get anywhere else.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,4/16/2012,55,198,2,3,3>I love this place!  I adore the ambiance and the staff is very welcoming. I like to visit for happy hour, which offers generous portions on appetizers and some entree items (like pizza) at a discount in addition to deals on drinks. I like cider beer...since Tarrants doesn't have Woodchuck on tap, Crispin is a great substitute. The bar offers plenty seating without feeling like you're piled on top of the people next to you. If you're looking to be seated for lunch or dinner, the place has more seating than it appears when you first enter. I've been once for brunch, which was as equally appetizing as the food from happy hour!  I look forward to returning to tackle the extensive dinner menu. Street parking is available nearby....it may be a bit tricky between 4 and 6  on weekdays. Valet parking is also available, which I believe is complimentary.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,4/14/2012,11,45,3,5,3>Easily my favorite restaurant in Richmond.  I'll go even further than that...Probably in my top 5 favorite restaurants ever.Some people prefer Mama Zu's but I love Edo's.  I had been in a year or so and was fortunate to pop in last Wednesday night.  For once, they weren't packed to the gills so we were seated immediately.I remembered why I love this place so much: It's dark in there (but not too dark), the service is quick, the food is cheap, the setting is intimate and the food is amazing.  When you sit down at Edo's you feel like you've entered an Anthony Bourdain approved supper club.  It's as if everyone in the building is in on a little secret.  This tiny little place above Stuffy's, on VCU's campus, is a culinary gem.The food is simple, fresh and wonderful.  The hard menu is always the same (If it ain't broke...) and the handwritten menu on the wall calls out the changes for the night.I've eaten so many awesome things here that I'll just point out the standouts:The skate is an automatic "Yes, please!"The calamari is on time.You can't go wrong with any of the pastas, but the Amatriciana and the Carbonara stand out for me.The broccoletti is always a great app.The tiramisu is drunken with liquor and never lets me down.You can usually order one pasta dish for less than $10 and it'll serve you and your date.  Edo's is a great place for group dinners or birthdays and I suggest getting several different dishes and eating family style.Did I mention that I love this place?
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,4/13/2012,16,82,3,3,4>Yummy yummy yummy...I've got love in my tummy and its the mac n' cheese at Weezies!Their crab cake dinner (2 cakes + 2 sides) is enough food for a few meals.  And they serve these beautiful, huge sweet potatoes with butter and brown sugar on the side so you can have just the way you want it.  FB says the seared tuna and the fish tacos are great, too.Only thing is they don't do free meals for people named Weezie.  Too bad.  Otherwise I'd bring my mama here every time she's in town.  Well...I probably will anyway.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,4/12/2012,2,62,2,5,3>I'm so glad I live close to the Hill Cafe.  It's the perfect little neighborhood restaurant: great lighting/ambiance, always busy without being too busy, good food, nice service.  Makes dining out in the neighborhood an easy choice.A few of my favorites include: fried green tomatoes (nicely spicy), barbeque sandwich (balance of vinegar and tomato), fried chicken blue plate with spinach and mac & cheese.  And they keep Allagash White on tap, which always makes me happy.My least favorite course tends to be dessert.  After such good dinners, it just isn't the high point it could be.  But frankly, maybe this is a good thing, since after a dinner of fried chicken dessert isn't exactly what I need.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,4/11/2012,54,13,,5,3>I don't even know where to begin with Hardywood Park.  All Hail Richmond's answer to Seattle. These guys did something very right in the RVa. They didn't just throw up a brewery and say "We are a brewery, look at us." They took to the time to scope out the area and cater to Richmond's liking. Right on boys. 1. They use local ingredients. Just tug at a Richmond heartstring why don't you. Richmond loves local. Hardywood uses local. Richmond loves Hardywood. The end.2. The Singel (yes I spelled that correctly) is their signature beer, a Blonde Belgian.  Delicious. Its packed full of flavor.  Its the further thing from Bud Light (aka water). Craft beer at its finest.  They also have seasonal beers. Loved the pumpkin. The gingerbread stout was drinkable, but I am not a huge stout fan myself. 3. Free tastings!!!!! VA law says you can't sell beer without serving food. They don't serve food. Ergo, HWP gives you samples of beer. Not some 1 oz crap like at a wine tasting. I am talking a hardy portion tasting. (Don't be greedy, fool. We want these guys to be around for awhile. Buy something.) 4. Eric and Patrick. Owners. New York transplants. Passionate about what they do and it really shows here. I have never seen something have such a following in this short amount of time, given HWP just opened a few months ago.  Job well done. Cheers.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,4/10/2012,61,89,,6,5>Had the displeasure of apartment searching in Shockoe Bottom this week, but had the pleasure of stumbling upon this place: A true diamond in the rough.  Awesome artwork on the walls, wine by the glass, an actual Italian chef (yes, the real deal - see my Mamma Zu's review).  I have not had gnocchi so good in years. We also had an excellent salad and great cannolis with our meal.  Service (by the owner and the Chef)  was casual and excellent.A couple of bonuses here: it is also a wine and craft beer shop so you can get a bottle or six pack to go.  {not sure if this will stick, but you can purchase a bottle of wine of your choice,then have it with your dinner.  If you want to save half, cork it and take it home.  ABC on/off}  Also, it is a live music joint - Jazz, DJ's.  The space is all recently redone, so fresh, so clean.A refreshing break from the somewhat dingy bars nearby, I will definitely return again and again. Just the kind of place the Bottom desperately needs.Cheers!Update 4.19.12:  We went here last week, and found the menu changed (new Chef), so no more heavy Italian influences.  The menu is heavily tapas centered now.  However, the food and atmosphere was still amazing.  Our waiter Paul was the right mix of casual and very on point.  We had a number of tapas, all fantastic and a great bottle of Vino Vherde.  The 5 Stars still stands!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,4/9/2012,55,162,3,3,3>Pretty good coffee + sandwiches, and a medium amount of indoor + outdoor seating (though it's a bit tight). It does get a bit crowded, especially on a Saturday morning. However, they are open early on the weekends and the customers are a good mix of families, students, etc.The entrance to order your food is on your right. Menus to your left as you enter. If you want just a tiny bit of coffee, they do have the 8oz option instead of the regular 12oz smalls. Next, go ahead and find seating if you haven't already. They'll call your name when your drink's ready. Food-wise, it takes a while for them to prep/cook it. A server with your food will come around calling your name. For me, my breakfast sandwich took a good 10-15min.What I got:- 12oz Lamplighter house coffee regular ($2.00 or so). I absolutely love the organic honey and soy milk options.- Asparagus, cheese, tomato egg breakfast sandwich ($4.75). Great combo of veggies plus protein.Overall, quite delicious. The breakfast sandwich comes with a "fruit"--tangerine, in my case.Wi-Fi is available as well. Note about parking:They only have a few spots in front of the cafe. The rest is street parking. It wasn't hard to find parking spaces when I got there, but just beware that you may have to make a few rounds with the 1-way streets around there before finding parking.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,4/8/2012,100,236,,10,5>What a Restaurant Experience I had today at Zorba's....  It was First Class, and I enjoyed it to the core.... first, my waitress introduced herself to me and she made me feel extremely comfortable.  She began to tell me about the Specials for Lunch, however since I was in a rush... I knew what I wanted to try.  Since, I had written a previous review on the rolls, I wanted to see if any changes had been made.... Boy did  they come out piping hot with LOTS of butter for me....    I ordered the Zorba's Chicken Souvlaki and when it came it was also hot, and I posted a photo of it on this site, so please take the time to view it.   In regards to my Chicken Souvlaki.... the chicken had a nice grilled taste and flavor which contrasted to the tomatoes, onions and Cilantro.   What was really good was the Cool Tzatziki sauce on it.  It was the best I have eaten around town....  With all of the above flavors, I think I really had the best Chicken Tzatziki in many many years.  This is a must try.   Also, my waitress gave me a choice of several sides so I chose Sweet Potato fries.   I have eaten a lot of sweet potato fries around town and they were just OK.  However, none have really WOW me until now.  I bit into one and it was cooked to perfection... In addition, they had a sweetness to them which said... I do not need any ketchup.   I could order a full dinner on just these fries.  Zorba's can throw out the regular fries as long as they have these Sweet potato.... I will never go back to the OLD!Finally, the Owner/Manager came over to tell me that he had read my last review.  He said he was happy that I had returned and how he appreciated an honest review.  He said he cannot fix a problem if he does not know what it is.... He said, he made lots of changes because he DOES listen to his customers and read the reviews.  He is making sure Zorba's gives First Class service and most of all... he thought the rolls were coming out hot and they were not.  So, to me this says a lot about Mehmet and his Wife who is the Head Chef.  They are working hard to bring this Restaurant back up from the fire which put them out of business for 1 year.  So, I am upping my Stars to a 5++ and I am looking forward in my return to Zorba's.  Oh, and if see Marie the waitress in there... Ask for her... She will Wow you in how she waits on you....
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,1/11/2014,135,66,2,8,2>***Drinks Only Review***I had two delicious drinks with friends here last night and wanted to share this with fellow Yelpers.  Based on the drinks, I can't wait to try the food!Overall - this is a great bar/restaurant in the ever emerging Jackson Ward.  I'm going to be bitter I don't live there in a few years given all they have going on (see also Mama J's, Gallery5, etc.).  It has a we-care-about-food-and-drink vibe, but not a pretentious vibe...very comfortable.  They have vinyl records playing that the bar tender changes out - good music that I hadn't heard before.  The windows offer plenty of light.  Really, a great place for day drinking or, as we did, a summer happy hour.I had the Honey Badger - "a spicy summer punch that don't care."  It's dry rum, apple brandy, lime, passionfruit, jalapeno, and honey.  It was delicious with a hell of a jalapeno bite.  The ice cube (so glad for this) was made to fit the rocks glass.  Very thoughtful cocktail.I followed this up with The Last Rickey - "a tart & dry long drink version of The Last Word" with gin, chartreuse, maraschino, lime and soda.  Again with an ice cube to perfectly fit the Tom Collins glass.  This one I wouldn't have again, but it was surely another very thoughtful cocktail.  There are at least a dozen more I wanted to try...The bartender knows his stuff.  We asked a few questions and got a load of good info back from him.  I also like the fact that he was dressed pretty casually - I think he had on a soccer jersey.  Finally of note is the menus are put in old books like a photo album (with the seasonal offering listing serving as the photo - no actual photos...this isn't Cheesecake Factory).  It's a nice twist, but now you can act like you've been there before by not looking as surprised as I did about this quirk.  Can't wait to try the food and bring more friends here!  For other great cocktail locations see 525 at the Berry Burk, Heritage, The Roosevelt, and (I hear) Dutch & Company.  Glad Saison is in RVA!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,1/10/2014,238,135,2,5,3>The Savory Grain, easily and without a doubt, makes it to the near top of my list on favorite places to dine in Richmond, VA. 4.5 stars.The meatloaf entree was delicious. The sauce on top seemed to be made of cranberry or some kind of sweet fruit that complemented it perfectly. It was served with a loaded baked potato and green bean side (I believe it was seasoned with garlic? Nonetheless, delicious and cooked to the right amount of snap). My bf and I ordered an additional 3 sides, for $10 more. Not a bad deal, considering how well-prepared they were.Sides were something to rave about (who knew veggies could taste so good?!), and perfectly seasoned. One of our sides was more green beans (yes they were that good!). The grits made with gouda were the perfect comfort food, and the brocollini made with almonds was amazing. I loved the fall flavors that came out beautifully in all the dishes.My bf had the savory burger, cooked to a medium. Even the burger was better-than-your-average. The hand-cut fries were a great addition. Overall, we enjoyed and definitely savored our meal at the Savory Grain. Even had enough to box for later! A sure hit if you are looking to dine somewhere with great service and atmosphere, (and even greater food)!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,1/9/2014,17,90,2,5,3>This. Place. Is. A. Gem.Been twice now, both on a Saturday afternoon. As a party of 2 and a party of 5, each time we had great, friendly service that can't beat!Similar to other reviewers, I love their Caesar salads. The one time I also had their special chicken and dumpling soup, and talk about comfort! I was so sad when we went the second time and it wasn't on the menu. In this cold weather, I could eat that soup every day.I did try their hot dog platter the second time there - $8.95 for one of their famous hot dogs, fries, and a salad? Sign me up! My *only* complaint was that the hot dog bun was a bit soggy by the time it hit the table, but all the chili goodness made up for it.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,1/8/2014,69,130,2,5,4>If you haven't had a donut, almond cookie, melt away or the coffee cakes you don't know what you have been missing! My family has been here for generations and we still continue to come to this bakery for special events. I recently picked up pastries and cookies for Christmas and the line was out of the door. My mom told me that I needed to arrive and pick up the order between 8:30-9:30, it was already paid for so I shouldn't have any problem. I had to wait for 40 minutes! While it was worth waiting for, I don't understand why they wouldn't have a line for paid pick up and others who were placing orders. I took a number and waited, everyone was having a pretty good time and it made things go by faster. People would cheer like they got called down for the prices right when their number got called. It was Christmas Eve so we were all in pretty good spirits, but something has to change in order to expedite during the busy periods. I don't know if I will volunteer to pick up next years Christmas order. Might have to designate my brother or save this order for another time when it's not so busy.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,1/7/2014,245,1116,,8,8>What a great find!  I ended up here when another restaurant nearby was closed for a private party.  Initially I was going to get takeout, but ended up eating in.Service is FAST!  Food is DELICIOUS!  There's a sign on the building that reads "Best Gyro in Town," and I think they're probably right!  The gyro is huge!  Generous portion of lamb.  I also tried the avgolemano soup for the first time.  It's like chicken soup with orzo and with a tangy lemon taste.  The lemon is different, but good.  After eating the soup and gyro (could barely finish the gyro), I couldn't eat the tiropita, so I got it to go.  Also a generous portion.Not much on atmosphere.  Jeans and t-shirt are fine.  Casual with about 8 tables for dining in.  More of a takeout business.I was there only half an hour or so, and during that time, there were several people who came and went.  It's a hot little spot!  I will definitely be back.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,1/6/2014,44,170,6,4,4>Yep, that's right....5 friggin' stars.I had 8 1/2 the other night and it was, hands down, the best takeout food known to man.We ordered the sausage, white beans, and polenta....AMAZINGLY delicious and also a pepperoni and onion pizza.I can't express how delicious every single bite was.  I was dancing in my kitchen, spilling pizza and polenta all over myself.  Haven't had that much fun since 1985, when I was born.Nuff said.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,1/5/2014,26,24,1,6,3>My FAVORITE consignment store ever! I just had my second baby 4 months ago and basically needed a new wardrobe. I went into Ashby, quickly found 18 dresses (yes, EIGHTEEN!) that I wanted to try on (I didn't even make it to the shirts/pants/skirts because I had limited time and...did I mention I found 18 dresses that I liked?!) I tried them on and ended up buying 9 of them - all for under $200. And I seriously could've bought more of what I tried but I was trying to stay under $200. I've never wanted to try on 18 things at one store and I've never bought 9 items from any store at one visit prior to this. Love this place!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,1/4/2014,120,192,4,6,4>To Pete, Rob, Bob, and the whole staff: Nice job.Richmond is a relatively small city, so as I would expect the actual number of beers they have is small to medium.  BUT they have a great selection, showcasing the local breweries and even from those out West.  They definitely have a great taste for beer.  I mean, they carry some brews that you can't get out West.The staff as a whole is made up of some of the nicest people.  I got so much stuff, mainly for my buddy, that they hooked me up all sorts of boxes and packing material so that the goods don't get damaged when I bring them over to his place.They even have weekly breweries come in for a tasting, I think, weekly on Fridays.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,1/3/2014,3,6,3,6,4>DELICIOUS! Big portions for the price. Tried the pot stickers and fried oysters for appetizers. The pot stickers had a really good flavor to them, especially with a touch of Sriracha. The fried oysters were cooked perfectly and the slaw on the side reminded me of seafood salad.I got the pork tenderloin for my entree. The sauce had a BBQ/chipotle flavor to it. The potatoes were flavored well, but unfortunately some were a bit under cooked.Dessert: apple wontons. The best part was the ice cream. Intense vanilla flavor but no vanilla bean flecks. Yummy!Like other reviews said, the parking is slightly difficult because of the new construction going on.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/2/2014,4,9,2,4,5>Went on a Thursday night and was able to get a table for five on the early side (6pm).  By 7pm the restaurant was filled (it's a small place).  The food was impeccably prepared - hats off to the excellent chef. The menu is interesting.  I started with the perfect egg, had seen a lot of reviews recommending it.  It was not at all what I expected.  I think I envisioned a poached egg over salmon, cabbage, etc.  - but it was a whole soft boiled egg that was then flash fried - so different!  Tasted great.  Had the rockfish entree, it was excellent.  The smoked flavor really added to it, and i loved the brussel sprouts.  Honey pot for dessert  - very creative (can't remember everything in it - but definitely persimmon & something floral).  I'm a chocolate person, so it took a few bites to grow on me - but ultimately I really enjoyed it.Excellent restaurant, really unique.  Great place to bring people who enjoy slightly more adventurous eating.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,4/1/2014,21,129,2,8,4>This is easily one of my favorite places to come for lunch when my fiance wants a sandwich and I don't. They have pita as an option in place of bread and I order it EVERY.SINGLE.TIME. Plus they have tzatziki for both the pita gyro AND my fries. I love me some tzatziki. Their fries are yummy and every time I've had chicken it has been moist and delicious. My fiance always gets a chicken cheese steak and he raves about it. This is a solid lunch spot at a really good price. You should try this place ASAP.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,3/31/2014,0,4,3,14,7>Want to take a trip to Romania, but can't afford the plane tickets?  No problem, hop over to European Taste!  The owners will make you feel like you have just sat down at their family dinner table through their hospitality and home-style cooking. We started our meal with Tyropita, which are cheese stuffed phyllo pastries.  They were tasty- a nice combination of buttery, salty, and cheesy.  For my entree, I tried the Chicken Paprikash- a chicken tomato-based stew- which was delicious!  I was given the choice of having it on top of rice, egg noodles, or mashed potatoes and I chose the egg noodles.  It paired well since the paprikash was stew like.  My friend had the Samale, meat and rice stuffed cabbage rolls, which was also very good!  I'll admit, I was afraid to try the Samale, but after having a bite I think I might get that next time!  We finished with Cremesh, which is a phyllo pastry with a cream filling.  It tasted just like a giant cream-puff- YUM!There are a variety of European dishes on the menu, including pastas, shwarma (similar to a gyro), and traditional Romania food (such as the dishes we ordered).  There are also European beers and wines.  The prices were all super-reasonable too!  The owner will chat with you about his culture and may even play a video with footage of Romanian country-side on a flat-screen TV mounted on the wall.  There's no doubt that the couple running the restaurant are very proud of their culture and want you to experience it too!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,3/30/2014,34,21,3,7,5>LOVE this place!  Food:  Prepared with SO MUCH Flavor.  I've only been for lunch but if you order a lunch entree it looks like this:  Choice of soup or salad for the first course (I always get salad because they taste amazing); You get unlimited basmati rice and Naan with your meal along with the side of the day for the second course; and Finally you get desert to finish off your lunch.  I've never had a bad food experience here...I usually get the chicken tikka platter with paneer and it's fabulous.  Also, makes sure you tell them how spicy you want your food...if you like your food hot then ask for Indian Hot.Service:  Service can be slow during lunch and there are some communication barriers with some of the servers so orders might be off a little at times, but overall the service is good and they are quick to fix any mistakes.Atmosphere:  Very trendy...they have really cool music playing in the background and the design of the interior is sort of a classy exotic feel.  The seating can be kind of tight during busy hours if you are only dining with one other person.  Think a cruise dining experience...you have a seperate small table, but it's inches away from the next table.Prices:  VERY affordable...expect 10 - 15 dollars for the entrees during lunch hours.I eat here nearly every month...I am a huge fan and definitely recommend anyone who has either never tried indian or loves indian food to check this place out!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/29/2014,279,214,3,8,6>Num, Num, Num!  Well, I'm finally writing a review on one of the restaurants that makes Richmond a "foodie town"  we arrived earlier than we normally dine. Our server and a couple of more folks were separating the garlic cloves at one of the front tables. The menu is loaded w/ foods I love. I had a bowl of pasta w/ white clam sauce covered w/ a seafood medley! Interestingly, one of the meals was a cabbage bowl. It looked deli delish and according  to her comments was. The Penne pasta hit the mark and Kathie had her favorite Italian dish, eggplant parm. The gravy " red sauce" was sweeter than any other gravy she'd had on eggplant. Not bad, different! We had four excellent meals and I'm ready for my white sauce w/ anything!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,3/28/2014,36,104,,11,4>Wow! Never had afghan food before but what I got was delicious! From what I've heard its the only afghan restaurant in Richmond. My husband was dying to try this place since we had moved to chesterfield and we ended up getting take out. I got the the leek and yogurt ravioli dish ( I can't remember the name) with dried mint on top and a side of the Chick Pea Masala. My husband got the Lamb and Rice. We were both very impressed with this little mom and pop place that's attached to a gas station. The Chick Pea Masala was AMAZING and definitely my favorite thing of the night, I highly recommend it. The staff was very friendly and personable. We were not sure what to order and they were very helpful! The only down side is that the food takes a REALLY long time, but this is because everything is made from scratch to order (from what I understand). That is the only reason I am giving them 4 stars instead of 5. Otherwise do not let the location fool you, this place is definitely worth a try!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,3/27/2014,69,336,1,8,4>My husband is crazy about pho so he always wants to try every pho place he finds.  Well, I am happy to proclaim this place to be the pho-shizzle.The restaurant itself is huge, brightly lit and spacious, almost cavernous.  It was also clean as a whistle.  There was a nice crowd on the night we visited, with the service was brisk, attentive, and well-paced.   We started off with the shrimp rice paper rolls, which were well prepared and quite good.   For dinner, DH got the pho (of course) which came with slices of rare beef brisket in the hot broth.   He proclaimed it to be absolutely delicious.    For my dinner, I ordered the grilled pork chop with broken rice.    It was incredible.   The chop was delicately seasoned and beautifully grilled.  It came with a light sauce on the side that you can use as much or as little you like with your broken rice.Best of all, DH and I left completely full for under $20!   We will definitely be back!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/26/2014,89,171,4,17,10>Since the creation of my first review I have dined at Sushi King four more times.  You'll want to check my initial review out below for a more comprehensive review, but I did want to share some of my updated thoughts on my experiences so far.--Food: I have since tried the following items: Gyoza, Clear Soup, Fried Calamari, Tempura Shrimp, Black Pepper Tuna, Red Bean Ice Cream, almost all the fish Nigiri, and about ten of the Specialty Rolls.  With the exception of one mediocre night in the middle (mediocre, not bad), every visit was filled with fresh and good tasting food, friendly servers, and good experiences all around.  I blame the aforementioned mediocrity on how busy the night was.  I had early fears that the food quality would begin to decline, and while it hasn't been open that long (2 months), Sushi King's food is still delicious.The single most thing I can praise about Sushi King is the ability to order items you normally wouldn't due to their price, like Specialty Rolls.  To be able to spend $12-$16 to indulge in unlimited specialty rolls that normally cost about that for one roll is a real treat.Speaking of which, the specialty rolls here are truly worth discussing.  Some of my personal favorites have been:- Crazy Monkey Roll (fried bananas, crunchy, and crab).  It sounds odd, but seriously try it, it's delicious.- Volcano Roll (fried sashimi, crab, spicy sauces).- Richmond Roll (fried crab, avocado, tuna, and crunchy)- Hawaii Roll (shrimp tempura, mango, crab, honey sauce).  Very different flavor profile than most sushi I've had.- Black Pepper Tuna (alright, so not a roll, but a delicious dinner exclusive appetizer!)--Cost: A bit of a change since they've opened.  Used to be $12 for lunch and $20 for dinner, but dinner is now $16 with a separate charge for individual sashimi.  The specialty rolls, normal nigiri, and everything else is still all included in the $16.  Additionally, the Yelp check-in is now 10% off, and they've been putting out BOGO and $2 off coupons in the local paper.--Service: The servers and chefs have remained pleasant every time I've went.  I do still get incorrect plates delivered to my table that belong to a neighboring table every now and then, but they check and re-deliver as opposed to just dropping it off, so no harm done.--Updated Overall Thoughts: Sushi King is still a great place to eat.  The menu is extensive and the ability to have any of it made fresh for you upon ordering is a concept I can stand behind.  The price is extremely reasonable given the sorts of items you can order.  You can easily get $40+ worth of food out of your $16 dinner price tag.  While it's not A+ grade sushi, it tastes fresh and isn't fishy, and has been enjoyable every visit.I really hope they are making enough profit to continue their business with the same prices and quality they've had thus far because they have made a long term returning customer out of me.  Keep calm, Sushi on, and get your ass to Sushi King if you haven't checked it out already.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,3/25/2014,132,195,3,6,4>Yummy! The husband and I came here on our first new day as residents of Richmond. This place is great! We were warmly greeted and seated promptly.Our server took her time with us and so well explained the specials my husband jumped to order the crab soup. I ordered the pho with steak and meatballs. After a bit of a wait our orders came. My husband's soup was delicious. It was not overly fishy and spiced perfectly. He was hesitant to put any additions to it because of this. My pho's broth was cooked to perfection. There was a bit too much rice noodles added but I just didn't eat them all. I like how the bowls were not super huge but rather a regular portion size. This pho was a bit pricey in comparison to prices I have seen in LA but it was well worth the price.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,3/24/2014,35,136,6,8,5>The bad news: I never tried Chiocca's when I lived in the neighborhood. The good news: I never tried Chiocca's when I lived in the neighborhood because I would be 500 pounds and wearing a muumuu.I love places that do one thing great. That is Chiocca's. You're not going to find pizza, hummus, burritos, etc. on their menu. You are going to find sandwiches and subs. Fantastic sandwiches and subs. They have a couple of vegetarian options, but this place is really for the meat lover--the meat lover who likes LOTS of meat. The sandwiches are huge. My husband claims the reuben is the real deal and the best he's ever had in Richmond. I'm not a reuben connoisseur, but I will take his word for it.This is not a huge place. There are a few booths, a few tables and a bar. Frankly, there is no way I could eat sandwiches this big and drink beer, too. You would have to roll me up the stairs onto the sidewalk after eating here.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,3/23/2014,68,266,3,11,6>My expectations for the sushi was a little on the low end because I didn't think the Sushi would be as fresh on a Thursday night; I was proven very wrong and was pleasantly surprised by the quality and freshness.The inside decor had a very subtle/dim lighting and had a lounge feel to it. We arrived around 7.30 PM and were seated immediately. I got the Eel Sashimi (my first time) and the Princess roll (Spicy salmon, cooked shrimp, and avocado). Both my sashimi and roll was served slightly above room temperature which is not the way I prefer it but both items tasted delicious. The eel was some of the best i've ever had; it was sweet and savory.The princess roll was also very delicious and wasn't as big of a cut as most places serve them and was easily eaten using your hands. My fellow yelper, Brandi O got the spring rolls and Slum Dog Roll (i think) and it looked like she enjoyed them as well.Server was nice and attentive. I must say that this may be one of my favorite Sushi places in RVA that serves not only tasty but fresh sushi. My favorite place to get Sushi is still Hanami in innsbrook though.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,5/6/2013,88,97,,5,3>This new arthouse theatre is a great idea. Just like everyone else, I saw The Impossible here the other day and I couldn't of had a better experience. The movie played in theatre 4 which judging by other reviews here, is the best and biggest theatre. The film started on time, sound was great and the popcorn was fresh. The only downside is in the mornings, the box office and concessions are run by the same person yet you have to make two transactions. If they could set it up where I order my ticket and popcorn all at once, this theatre would be perfect.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,5/5/2013,126,171,3,6,4>Station 2 definitely has a place in RVA. This beautifully restored fire station makes for a wonderful burger joint in Shockoe Bottom. I love the menu here. You can have a small, simple burger (3oz) if you're not too hungry or you can be adventurous and try one of their signature burgers. I love that you can substitute a black bean or turkey burger for any signature burger. This definitely lets you play with the flavors a bit while choosing between a Grilled Cheese burger or an Elvis burger. My favorite combo here is the Grecian Island with the black bean substitute. I love olives and  tzatziki sauce and having it on a burger makes my day. For some reason the black bean patty puts this burger over the edge of awesome for me. The flavors mix together well and it doesn't feel as heavy once I'm done eating. You get a choice of sides with your burger selection as well. The best side you can get here (and I can see from other users that I agree with the general public) is the sweet potato tots. I'm not too sure why, but these tots are fried to absolute perfection. In my personal opinion, if you put the malt vinegar on them, it makes for a savory sweet and tangy side dish to an already flavorful burger. They have a wonderful bar list and they rotate beers in and out. I think the biggest issue I had (and, honestly, this isn't an issue and more of an OCD thing on my part) is that instead of printing out new beer menus, they just cross off what they don't have. Again, not a huge issue, just a little detail that would be easy to fix (I'd just put all the beer you have on tap on a chalkboard near the bar or something). But the beer they have is wonderful. It's a good variety of local brews and normal, everyday beer. I super LOVE their adult milkshakes; I'd recommend you get one of those ASAP. They also have a food challenge (see the pics I've posted). It's called Climb the Station Ladder. The challenge is to eat a burger stacked three high with toppings and two pounds of sides in under 15 minutes. According to our server last night only three have finished the task. I think next time MVF comes to RVA, he needs to try this food challenge.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,5/4/2013,31,202,2,2,2>If you want to find me late on a Friday night, try here first.  Most likely I'll be at the bar with a stogie in my mouth and a drink in my hands laughing with my friends.  I can't really tell you how the food is, cause when I do order food here it's black beans and rice.  However, I can tell you to make sure you get some fresh crema on top of the rice n beans if you do order them.Bring a cigar from your own humidor or order one from their fantastic selection.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,5/3/2013,38,176,5,2,3>I popped in for a spontaneous shellac manicure (my first one).  The salon was clean and neat with friendly staff.  They are going for a higher end look by using white furniture with faux hardwood floors and grey walls.  However, the furniture is cheap and showing it's age.  But, that isn't too important considering I am here for a manicure not buying furniture.  Anyway...  It took longer than expected for my manicure, but the extra time was due to making sure everything was perfect, so it was okay.All in all I would recommend the Polish Nail Lounge.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,5/2/2013,26,54,,3,2>I come to the village shopping center all of the time and had no idea this place existed until I was in the area craving sushi and used yelp to see what was close. My boyfriend and I headed here and really enjoyed it. The prices are extremely reasonable and the sushi is delish. We have been twice now and I know that we will be back soon. Although Mai sushi is very small, they still have a round table to accommodate large-ish groups. I'm excited to have discovered this gem!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,5/1/2013,13,65,3,6,2>This place is such a welcome addition to the Church Hill neighborhood.  I have been twice to eat in the restaurant and once had our food delivered.  The restaurant itself is pretty small with seating for about 30 people or so and on Friday and Saturday nights fills up quickly.  It is also the type of place you want to linger with friends and wine so don't expect people to move too fast.  The food is great - the pizza is super fresh tasting and has lots of great herbs in the sauce and I think I detect rosemary in the crust?  Whatever their secret is - it is working.  The sausage they use - local Sausage Craft - is excellent.  Their salads are also great to share with homemade dressings.  They serve gelato and various homemade desserts which are great too.  I want to give a special shout out to their delivery service.  We called and ordered a pizza and two salads the other night and the dude was at our door with the food in 20 minutes.  Maybe it was a slow night but that is some amazing service right there!  Quickness RVA does their delivery - if you aren't familiar they are a local company that delivers food for certain restaurants by bicycle.  It was faster and better than any pizza delivery place in Richmond!Okay, enough gushing - go to Anthonys!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,4/30/2013,54,120,2,6,2>Checked this place out with some friends for lunch. Finding parking wasn't that bad during this time. Inside, by the front entrance, you're greeted with a cool glass piece, a silhouette of a cow.  The interior has a lot of green color to give a sense that you are actually on a pasture; even the tables outside were painted green. I personally was not too fond of this monochrome design.Their menu items consisted mainly of burgers and salads.  I've tried plenty of burger joints around Richmond so I decided to get their tuna melt with a side of salad. It was really good, the salad was fresh, and the tuna melt was cheesy and delicious. One of my friends got the cheeseburger which he said was even better than Burger Bach?! I would give this restaurant a solid 4 in terms of taste, service, and price. I'll def be back to try their burger for myself.Also, you can write stuff in the bathroom, really neat!~courtesy of Nadz~Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/past
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/29/2013,109,52,3,6,5>Chiocca's has become a staple in my first 8 months in RVA. I mostly grab it for takeout on the way home after a long day, but sometimes my friends and I will walk there and enjoy a casual dinner.Sandwiches are their game, and they do them well. I always get the tuna salad sandwich on sourdough with swiss cheese, but my friends are huge fans of anything with "beast" in it and any variation on a Reuben. All sandwiches come with chips and two types of pickles, which is refreshingly simple and takes you back to the days when mom packed your lunch.They usually have 4-5 good beers on tap and more in their bottled selection. There are tvs and board games if you need to wait for your food or are dining in, which come in handy as waits can be 20-50 minutes depending on how busy they are. I always think it's well worth it, but call in your order if you're in a rush.Prices are quite reasonable, and I believe they have some special sandwich promotions mid-week. Though it's hard to find and a tad sketch looking, the staff is nice and this place is one of my Museum District faves.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,4/28/2013,15,64,,4,5>Before I start writing this review, keep in mind that this review is mostly for the Sicilian pizza.....Anytime I have a craving for a nice, thick, topping filled pizza, Mary Angela's is my place of choice.  The Sicilian pizza here is awesomely delicious.  Don't be afraid of the price on the menu bc this pizza will feed you for quite a  few meals, a good bang for your buck!  Toppings are always piled on, the sauce is very tasty, and the crust is some crunchy goodness.  Even when I'm full, I always try to squeeze in an extra piece because it's sooooooooooooo good fresh!I've also tried the NY style pizza and cheesesteak, which were both good but not the best I've had.  But like I said before, if you want some Sicilian pizza, this is your place.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,4/27/2013,14,184,2,6,2>We don't travel this way often, in fact almost never, but made a special trip for several reasons. This one wasn't one of them, but when we passed it, I remembered the great reviews here and told my wife we need to go back! I'm very happy we did! I'm not sure what the location was originally, but it was some sort of fast food establishment. When you enter, there is a deli case/hot items and preparation area occupying half the space, seating maybe 25 percent and the other 25 percent shelving. The folks behind the counter were extremely friendly. The gentlemen and I spoke about why you don't see many places in this area with the gyro meat on the spit. The young lady was impressed with how well I spoke Spanish with my wife and we had a conversation on languages. She said she spoke Russian, Turkish and one or two other languages (now that's impressive).As nice as all the talk was, we came here to taste the food. On this occasion, we ordered a falafel, gyro and a piece of pistachio baklava as this was our second stop to sample food. My wife loved the falafel and stated that the baklava was better than that she had from Lebanon! The only misstep was on the gyro. The meat was pretty dry and thus had lost some of its flavor. And for this, they lost the final star.For sure we'll venture out this way again and this will surely be a stop on this trip.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,12/14/2012,15,64,2,3,3>My girlfriend pushed me to add the fifth star. Comfort is one of the best representative southern comfort food restaurants in Richmond. I couldn't think of a more straightforward and true name to this place. It's a great place for date night or for showing larger groups of visitors a taste of southern home cookin.The entrees we've tried are numerous: catfish fried and blackened, pulled pork, meatloaf, but what I think really makes this place stand out is the sides. Mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, fried okra, squash casserole, green beans and corn, cheddar cheese grits, succotash! It's all so simple but all so perfect! The food is truly the star.Lunch is a bit cheaper. The only difference for dinner is a wider variety of sides, and a dollar or two extra gets you an extra side. Still want to try this place out for brunch. PS - the mason jar cups are the cherry on top of this down to earth cozy joint. It's all in the details.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/13/2012,35,47,4,5,4>A few weeks ago my hubby and I ventured out on a date night to celebrate our one month wedding anniversary (don't barf - sorry I brought it up!).  I had just bought the Groupon for Mint so we decided that was the place to go.I went expecting a really long wait because we hadn't made reservations and the groupon just came out that week - I was totally wrong!  It was definitely busy, but they managed the crowd very well and got us seated within 15 minutes of getting there - very impressive!  While we were waiting I ordered a super tasty drink called El Guapo that was made with tequila, blackberry jam, ginger and soda water.  It was really, really good, but as a native of Stafford County / reformed redneck, I was slightly sickened by having to drink my drink out of a redneck wineglass!  Just kidding of course!We ordered the pickle chips as our starter and the batter was just a bit too thick for my liking.  I also ordered the seafood special which was rockfish with granny smith apples and a yummy sauce.  This was definitely pretty tasty and was a fairly large portion - I even had leftovers for the next day!My husband ordered the chicken and waffles.  He thought they were just meh but obviously his palate is not nearly as refined as mine.  I don't eat chicken so I can neither confirm or deny his position on this (but that waffle looked pretty darn good to me!).I definitely recommend going to Mint for a nice night out - the atmosphere is great, the drinks are delicious, and the food is pretty tasty!  Plus, as a bonus, the waiters seem to really know what they're doing!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,12/12/2012,7,13,5,9,3>Against my good judgment, I went to the buffet around 2 pm, even though they close it at 3 pm.  From my past experiences at other restaurants, this meant that the food would be cold, and that possibly some of the dishes would've run out.  Happily, I was wrong.  The restaurant is located in a modest, run-down plaza tucked in on Hungary Spring Rd, just south of where it was about to intersect Broad St., just across from the Walgreens and the Casa Grande.  The entire plaza consisted of Indian businesses.  The restaurant was empty other than a table of Indian gentlemen that were conversing after a good meal.  I would've sworn I was being served by Scarlett Johansson, only my server was about ten years too young.  And she was super nice.  Once she'd brought me my water, she said, "Your fresh naan will be out shortly."  When the naan came out, it was piping hot - had to wait for it to cool down.  I'm so used to finding cold naan at buffets that I was very pleasantly surprised.  AND, when I was halfway through my naan, my server offered me more.  How awesome is that?  Everything in the buffet was in these ornate looking containers.  I wasn't sure I was even walking in the right direction at first.  Another review on Yelp had mentioned that even the buffet had authentic flavor and a substantial amount of heat.  This was very true.  Normally I don't go for the chickpea or lentil dishes at other Indian buffets - I'd found them to be very bland.  But their Channa Masala made me go back for seconds.  The chicken with chilis had the perfect level of heat that left my tummy happy long after I'd left the restaurant.  I'd never had Bhindi Masala before...grew up in the South, so I'd had okra, just never like this.  It smelled too heavenly to pass up.  They also had butter chicken and paneer masala that seemed sort of like a token to anyone expecting the normal, safe fare that can be found at most Indian restaurants.  I think they both might've even been in the same creamy tomato sauce.  (Can't blame them for covering all of their bases.)  I found myself eating the rice from the chicken biryani instead of the white jasmine rice - much more flavorful.  I later noticed that there was hot and sour soup, and chicken corn chowder along the other wall.  Was too full at that point, but it smelled amazing.  My only gripe was that I was never given a napkin.  They had these little bev naps at the buffet that I used.  But I'm sure my server would've given me one had I asked - she did check on me enough.  And I was way too happy about the food.  Next time, I'm going back for one of the karahis.  :)
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,12/11/2012,125,397,2,3,4>Omgeeeez!  This place is just excellent, and we are so lucky to have such a gem in Richmond.  The theme is Southern and homey with a special twist. The owners are super nice and you can tell that they absolutely love food and love making people happy with their food genius.  They also have an old school cast iron griddle top in the back, which does not hurt when you're trying to churn out some of the most craveable food in the city.  For those who aren't familiar, cast iron makes an awesome, flavorful, and crispy char on foods.  I had the shrimp and grits, which seems to be quite the favorite.  In true Lunch style, the shrimp and grits have a special touch, the shrimp is wrapped in crispy pecan smoked bacon.  Oooh yeaah!  The grits are course ground yellow and are creamy with a nice cheddar touch.  The shrimp was cooked divinely!  They had a nice char on the outside and had a crisp exterior without being overdone.  What a deliciously amazing feat!My boyfriend had the crab cakes which were over crab griddle cakes with a spicy aioli (mayo) and Sriracha sauce.  The crab cakes were definitely among the best in VA and they were bursting with flavor and were all meat, not filler.  Each crab cake was bursting with flavor and the sauces had a seriously spicy, delicious bite.  The griddle cakes look like silver dollar pancakes, but they are actually savory and filled with juicy corn kernels.We also had the chocolate brownie, which was served with vanilla ice cream, caramel sauces, white and milk chocolate sauces, and topped with big, fresh pieces of bacon, yes, bacon.  The brownie is thin, but very moist and fudge-y, and the bacon doesn't taste like bacon, just a nice touch of smoke to balance the sweetness and deepen the richness of the brownie.The prices are reasonable, the quality is great too.  The portions looks small, but they are really just right.  For those of you who are interested, they also have tons of beers, many specialty and international, and lots of mixed drink options as well.  They also have a small bar with seating.If you have not been here, you are really missing out.  It is quite the gem!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,12/10/2012,1,9,2,6,2>Toast has a comfortable atmosphere with dim lighting that makes you feel cozy inside. The booths and tables are all hardwood finished and coated. They look great and are surprisingly comfortable; it's a nice change from the usual. I don't know if our drink orders were lost or the server was overbooked with tables, but it took us a little while to get our first round of drinks. I'm not one for wine and I don't do liquor out to eat, but I will say that the beer menu was extensive with drafts, bottles, and cans available, half of which seemed to come from in-state and several from local breweries in town. That scored major points in my book.The two sided menus were really cool; the papers were rubber-banded on the front and back of a wooden slab; very simple, and very happy with that. On the menu were some unique choices (a delicious meatloaf, mac and cheese with crab, some unique sandwiches) but the specials really sold us.We ended up ordering four appetizers: a cup of chicken chili with chips to dip, a caprese salad with crostini, a cup of she-crab soup and a grilled Caesar salad, all of which were delicious and flavorful. The she-crab soup could have had a lot more crab.As for entrees, we ordered the fried pork chop special, topped with a bourbon barbecue sauce and served with sweet potato tater tots and grilled veggies. The pork chops were breaded and fried to perfection. The tots were served with a delicious remoulade that had a hint of cinnamon.  My girlfriend had a tilapia dish served with pesto and goat cheese on top and over rice and sauteed arugula. Spiced to perfection, but still able to taste the fish. After our meal we ordered a cup of decaf, but were brought a cup a soup mistakenly, and when the coffee was finally brought out, was watered down and flavorless, but I suppose not many others are drinking coffee at 9pm. Overall, the experience was great. It's a great place, the menus are great, the specials are incredible, and the service was alright. It was a little slow, but the place just opened so there are still kinks to work out.  I look forward to going back and experiencing it again, I'm sure the daily specials will be stellar!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,12/9/2012,5,61,2,3,2>I've been enjoying these desserts for years at Garnett's.  I'm so glad they opened a storefront and it's in my neighborhood to boot!!  Everything is fresh and made from scratch.  The recipes are very unique and creative.  No boring muffins or plain cakes.  Olive oil and pear muffins, banana coconut pecan muffins, crepe myrtle cake, almond chocolate bars, sweetheart cake and on and on and on.  Also, they have vegan and gluten free items.  Keep up the great work!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,12/8/2012,31,202,3,2,2>Wash your hands and get to know your dinner mates a lil bit more....  they'll give you utensils if you ask.Sara and I come here often on weekends, with our buddy Tino before going out.  This time we had Sara's mom and sister with us.  They were new to the whole eat with your hands thing, and would've rather had their own plates.Customs aside, they enjoyed the food.  Had no idea what they were eating half the time but enjoyed it.  Of course Sara and I enjoyed it.The place was packed!  Normally we walk in and choose where we'd like to sit.  Not this time.  Soon after we were seated they had a line at the door.  Great to see!Give the food a try, just remember to wash your hands.I forgot to mention the food - we ordered 2 veggie combo's and a meat combo, lets you try a little bit of everything and get twice the veggies you like the most.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,12/7/2012,38,176,2,5,2>It it came from a building, you can find it at Caravati's.  This is our go-to place for items that are historically correct for our Museum District home.  You can find everything from a soap dish and door knobs to staircases and doors.  We even bought an old piece of granite curbing to make a step to our deck.  This place is always an adventure.  Don't always expect a super bargain because sometimes you have to pay a "new" price for something "old".  For example, a sink at Caravati's will cost as much as Homedepot, BUT you will have something historically accurate for your home.Cheers.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/6/2012,92,144,3,6,5>Read some of the previous reviews and decided to check it out for myself.  I took my wife out on a Wednesday evening and headed over.  Anatolia Grill is located between the Goodwill and Wal-Mart off of Iron Bridge Road.  It's a little interesting to get there.  It's clearly visible, but you have to go towards either the Wal-Mart or Goodwill and go behind the building into the lot. We parked, and we walked in to take a seat.  Just one other couple there, which is a shame.  It's got comfy booths and plenty of seating.  Our waitress was Sue, and she is hands down the most excited waitress I've ever dealt with.  She really sells the food and believes in it.  After explaining all of our options, we went with the Adana Kebab and the Chicken Shish Kebab.Glad we got them.  The lamb was on point, none of that grey dead look.  It was flavorful, with bits of red pepper and spices, and just hearty.  I was very happy with it, the rice, and the salad with the light dill tasting dressing. During the meal, the owner brought us some extras.  This vegetable kofte (spelling?) stuff I still struggle to explain.  It was something he was trying.  It did taste good, but the gesture in itself was very appreciated.We did get an appetizer and desert.  The appetizer was a platter, fresh bread with different dips, hadoori, hummus, etc.  It was a good choice to just sample the different options, as I'm not usually a turkish/mediterranean diner.  It was enough to take some home.  For desert, we had this dish that had pistachios, fried mozarella, and syrup.  I've never had anything like it, and I would never think the combination would work.  But it did, and we also took some of that home.Total meal, with soft drinks, desert, appetizer, and two dinner entrees, was $47.  I paid a good tip with it.  The staff went above and beyond to make us comfortable and we really appreciated the advice on dinner choices, to include reheating instructions for our leftovers.  We will be coming here again, and I hope they fill some of those seats up in the future!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,12/5/2012,109,52,3,3,2>I went to 821 Cafe spontaneously on a Sunday morning for brunch. The Yelp reviews proved true -- VERY hipster, not the best service in the world, but solid food, lots of vegetarian options, and good prices! I had a breakfast burrito with vegetarian sausage, and am making two meals out of it with my leftovers. My boyfriend had the Big Meaty -- a giant bowl of grits with cheese. eggs, bacon, sausage, and ham on top -- and he was in absolute heaven. Add a glass of OJ, and we got out of there for less than $10 a head.We sat at the bar, so the service wasn't really worth commenting on, though the bartender was very nice. We also watched him pour some VERY champagne-heavy mimosas, which were selling for $4. He actually filled up the entire glass, then jammed some OJ into the last few millimeters of empty space.Overall, this was a fun place to go for a casual brunch. Fun vibe, good food, cheap, and convenient. i definitely want to sample the rest of their menu, and feel like I'll be back often.EDIT** -- I've been back to 821 since my original post, and can't express how good the Picnic Basket sandwich was. Brie, apples, pears, greens, and honey mustard in a delish melty sandwich form. I highly recommend it!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,8/22/2012,46,100,2,4,2>I have seen Bonvenu many times (stumbling out tipsy from NY Deli or coming out of a movie at the Byrd), but I have, for some reason, never been here until last night. We arrived around 7:00 on a Sunday night. Their was only 1 person working (which could be fine for a small establishment). The restaurant seats about 40-50 (typical for a place like this). There were about 7 people at the small bar, and they were obviously having a VERY fun "Sunday Funday." Their boisterousness definitely took the ambiance down a few notches.I will say the service was amazing. The woman who waited on us was very patient and answered many questions. It turns out she is the owner along with her sister. After ordering beer (many good, cheaper selections) and wine (many good, more expensive selections), we decided on Pork Chops with polenta and mixed vegetables, and a salad with smoked salmon. After we ordered, the server brought out the most amazing, baked in house, melt-in-your mouth dinner rolls I may have ever had, served with sweet cream butter. These were definitely the highlight of the meal. We wanted more, but were trying to save room for dinner.The food arrived at the perfect time. The Pork Chop was excellent, but kind of dry, and served with a sauce on it (I needed more). The polenta was great, as well as the vegetables. The Spinach salad with smoked salmon was a little fishy tasting (according to my fellow diner), and was quickly corrected with a nice bowl of mushroom couscous (which was delicious). Overall, I would give 5 stars for service and menu, and 3 stars for ambiance.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,8/21/2012,13,65,,7,3>I have been going to Alyson for almost a year and couldn't be more impressed with her professionalism and friendliness!  I initially found her base on great yelp reviews when I was looking for a masseuse for a day of pampering. Alyson was so great that I bought a six-session pass after my first visit!  She really takes the time to ask questions about what is bothering you and how much pressure you want before each session. She is so friendly and makes you instantly feel at home. The best part is she doesn't talk during your massage which lets you totally relax and unwind. I have had massages before where you feel like you are at a job interview with all the questions being thrown at you all for the sake of "making conversation". Moral of the story: if you are looking for a great massage - you've found the right place!!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/20/2012,100,236,4,6,5>I am not sure as to where I should start on my updated Review.  I know in the past, I have always enjoyed Kitchen 64 and their great Sandwiches, but it seems Continental Westhampton has taken Sandwich making to an Art Form.  I ventured late one afternoon this past week as I just wanted to try their Cherry Limeade as it was Hot outside and I wanted to see what it was all about.  A server came to me and introduced herself to me as Katie.  I asked about the Cherry Limeade and she said, she makes them herself and from that... I JUST had to order one.  When she brought it out, I was amazed in the color and refreshing look with all the Bing Cherries on top.  I felt like a kid going after his first Ice Cream.  Upon taking my first EVER Cherry Limeade swallow, I had to let out a huge sigh of WOW!  The people sitting around me looked at me like I was NUTS!  I have had Limeades in the past, but never a Cherry Limeade which floored me in wanting more.  Jeffery the Manager came out and said hi, and even though I was not hungry, he recommended the BLT on Whole Grain Bread.  OK, it does not take much to want to eat good food and I knew if he recommended it, it was going to be good.  In addition, I JUST had to have the Jicama Slaw as the Continental makes the Best.  When my Sandwich came out, I looked at it and wondered, where do I start?  I took my first bite into this Smokey flavor of the bacon with the lettuce and tomato.  I thought to myself... the Chef  at The Continental has taken "Sandwich Making" into an "Art Form" and he should be commended.  I thought the sandwiches at Kitchen 64 were outstanding, however the Chef at The Continental has taken it to a whole NEW Level.My server Katie was on top of things with making sure I had everything.  I like this as they make you feel like you are at home and your mother is waiting on you after she has not seen you in months.  When I return, I will ask for Katie again as she represent The Continental Westhampton in a 5 Plus Restaurant Experience. With the combination of my wonderful food with my sandwich on a level which goes beyond 5 Stars, and my 5 Star Plus experience with Katie, I feel when you walk into The Continental Westhampton and leave... you will be returning again soon.  I know I will, and when you see me eating one of their wonderful meals with this Outstanding Cherry Limeade in front of me...  please do not feel I will be ignoring you if I cannot say hi back quickly.... I will be too busy chowing down!  Great job Continental and your server katie should be commended for an Outstanding job in representing your Restaurant to a higher level.   :-))
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,8/19/2012,61,89,2,8,3>Yes, we've lived in Downtown Richmond for 3 years and never been to Kuba Kuba, until last night.  Not sure if it's the fan parking issue, or just plain old laziness that has kept us away so long, but I am glad we finally got a chance to try this place.Casual and Artistic inside, with great murals on the wall by Ed Trask.  The server was bearded and sarcastic, obviously a true veteran server, and made for a lot of fun.  The only negative thing I would say is this:  if you're looking for a nice first date night place, this may not be it.  Fairly loud and tight, informal service, I think Kuba Kuba  is better suited for a dinner with a group of friends, which is what we did.I had the Veggie Paella and Scallop Ceviche.  This may be some of the best Ceviche in Richmond!!  The scallops were mid sized - not U-10s, but not those little tiny ones either.  They had a wonderful citrus flavor (grapefruit?), and were served whole, on a bed of greens with a pepper salsa on top which I enjoyed.  Like a Ceviche Salad, this was probably a meal on it's own. The order of Paella was enormous and delicious.  Literally after eating to capacity, the bowl looked to be barely touched.  And at $11 and $9 respectively, a whole lot of bang for your buck.  Friends ordered the Cuban Sandwich (looked amazing, also huge), and the Roast Pork Entree (looked amazing, also huge -- do you see the pattern here?).  Got to go back and try each of those.Another huge highlight here:  The have Pony Miller High-Lifes at a $1 each.  What's more fun than miniature beer bottles?Don't wait 3 years to try this place, do it now!  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,8/18/2012,66,91,2,2,2>**I apologize for my misspelling of any and probably all Greek words in this review**Went to Stella's for the first time last night with one of my best friends from college.  Getting a reservation here is not easy, you need to plan weeks in advance. As soon as I heard she was coming in town for work, I jumped on Open Table and booked it.  I think going on a Wednesday night helped my chances.We arrived a few minutes early and had to wait for our table to be ready. No big deal.  The waiting area is TINY so we went outside and got eaten alive by mosquitoes.  We only waited a few minutes and were sat by the window.  I was glad there were only two of us, because anything over four will be a tight squeeze in the restaurant.Our waitress, Katherine, was wonderful.  She was very knowledgeable about the menu, and recommended a great white wine that I loved.  All of the wines are from Greece, so it's not like just ordering a glass of Chateau St. Michele and calling it a day.  I appreciated her knowledge about the wine, since I consider myself a wine novice.I had thought of some things that I wanted to try ahead of time and my dining companion was very happy to indulge me.  We had the spanikopita, a Greek salad "the classic" and pastichio.  And the chocolate hazelnut baklava for dessert. The food was five stars.My only negative and reason for the Four Star review is that the food came out a little too fast. I appreciated that it was quick, but with the table being so small, it was just a little too fast to accommodate the limited table space.  The salad arrived first. It is huge and can feed four people. I am eating the rest of it for lunch today.  The vegetables are fresh, the feta is delicious and the serving size enormous.About 2 minutes later the spanikopita came out.  after a slight rearrangement of plates and silverware we could accommodate it all.  They were hot, and stuffed with a great blend of feta and spinach.  I like feta, but I don't love it like a lot of people, so i did not get the other phyllo appetizer that is just feta, but i hear its wonderful.  The tazaiki sauce was delicious and went great with the spaokopita triangles.We had the pasticio for our main entree.  the entrees are huge, and I am glad i Knew this going into dinner.  We split everything and had leftovers.  The pastichio is like lasagna but uses big tube noodles instead of sheet noodles.  The nutmeg was great, and not overpowering.  My friend and I devoured it and it was great.Dessert-amazing.  We debated between the chocolate mousse pie and the chocolate hazelnut baklava.  we went with the baklava. I did not think I would like the baklava.. Overindulging on Nutella during my six weeks in Israel in 1998  has turned me off to anything hazelnut.  I am so happy to say I enjoyed this, because it was amazing.  Katherine said "i know it looks small, but it is really decadent".  She was right, it did look small, but was rich and  filling. It was perfect for me and my friend to share.  I left stuffed and with food for lunch.I am happy to report that I never felt rushed at dinner.  I was worried that since this is such a busy, trendy place that they would want to turn the table quickly.  I enjoyed catching up with my friend who I had not seen in a couple of months.  Katherine checked on us frequently, and I never felt pressure to hurry up and leave.I had a great experience at Stella's. It is loud, so be prepared to talk loudly to have a conversation with your fellow diners at your table.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,8/17/2012,44,170,2,3,2>I seriously can't believe it has taken me YEARS to finally try this place out.  Shocked.We had such a great sammich that it has been all I can think about recently...it was that GOOD.We read the reviews and heard about the wait and we were ok with it.  The four of us sat down, ordered drinks, and pulled out the trivial pursuit boardgame they had and played it for about 45 minutes...and then right before I was about to lose...my food came.....what a freakin' savior!!I ordered the Dagwood sandwich which had huge layers of turkey, roast beef, pastrami, and the topped with provolone and swiss, a bit of thousand island dresing and pickles all on rye bread. The thing was huge and I could only eat half of it.  I wish I had a side of the thousand island to dip it in because at times it needed a little more of something. The others order The Club, (your typical club but even bigger), the Spice "sub" and also the "downstairs".  All looked delicious but I really think i'd like to try the spice next time I go.Our service was absolutely fine...the waitress was really busy and for how busy she was, she was extremely friendly.  Go hear, order a pitcher of beer and one of their delicious sandwiches, and enjoy!  Expect to wait a while and don't complain and remember to tip!Take care and savor it up!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,8/16/2012,119,447,1,5,4>The VMFA is a pretty fantastic place to visit if you're in Richmond. Free general admission, a good amount of events (Fridays, art & wine, etc), some visiting exhibits (you will have to pay for tickets, but it's always worth it), an in house restaurant, and a more casual cafe.My parents love this place and actually plan trips down to Richmond in order to see exhibits (Picasso, faberge eggs, etc) and they live close to DC (having access to those awesome museums) and have traveled all over Europe visiting museums, and like some other people in these reviews, keep coming back.I love walking through the museum, visiting one of the temporary exhibits, and then relaxing outside with a drink or a snack from the cafe.It's a great place to visit, again and again.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,8/15/2012,114,325,5,11,5>This place was smaller than I anticipated, but I was still amazed at the offerings. The quality of all the products looked outstanding!I was looking for some quality pork for a Chinese stew for a potluck dinner on Thursday night, and you can't buy the kind of meat I'm looking for by-the-pound at Kroger. I used to get my meat for Chinese food at 99 Ranch, but that chain doesn't exist here. I had heard about Belmont Butchery so I decided to check it out.I stupidly pushed on the door thinking that it was a simple hinge, only to realize that there was a doorknob. Oops! However, as soon as I walked in the door, I was greeted by the employees. After peering at the selection in the glass case, I was asked whether I needed any help. I told the guy that I was looking for some pork (preferably with a little fat) for a stew, and he suggested some pork shoulder. I asked for three pounds, and he even offered to cut it up into small chunks for me! I happily obliged, and was touched (as much as you can be touched by meat and a butcher) that he cut it by hand and not by machine.He double-wrapped my bundle of meat, and hand-labeled it "pork butt" with a Sharpie (FYI: it's called butt but it's shoulder meat). I was also pleasantly surprised to see Mexican Coke for sale! That's one of my secret ingredients for this stew, but I had been using boring American Coke all year since I had not found Mexican Coke anywhere. Finding top-notch pork AND Mexican Coke kicked up my excitement level several-fold. =)My meat cost about $15, which is certainly not cheap, but when I got home to cook and opened the package, the smell and overall appearance of the meat just emanated freshness. I could not have been more satisfied!I can't wait to come back and explore this store more thoroughly when I have the time, and maybe even get a little adventurous (e.g. I noticed some rabbit for sale...).
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,8/14/2012,6,24,3,6,5>Go there.  Now!  Best Mexican in the city.  I love that it's like a little secret, so unassuming that I drove past it about a hundred times before noticing it and stopping in.  I have eaten there quite a few times and each time I am pleased.  Best carne de res/barbacoa I've ever had, seriously-order it with anything!  Tacos, quesadillias, burrito, it doesn't matter.  Pretty sure they could serve it on cardboard and I'd try it.The salsa is awesome, not your standard watery tomato, lime and cilantro mixture.  It has a smokey flavor to it that will surprise you.  Another surprise?  Great fries!  You heard me.  I accidentally got the fries when I forgot to sub black beans once, but they're great!  Crispy, double battered maybe?  The black beans are a solid choice as well.  Seasoned nicely and goes with just about anything.  If you're in the mood for a more healthy option, try the El Forestal Wrap.  Sliced carne asada, rice, spinach and cojita cheese, it's delicious!  But be warned, it is also pretty big!Another great surpise?  Great outdoor seating and local beer ON TAP!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2012,8/13/2012,13,34,,5,3>I buy beans. A lot. Maybe a pound a week. Is that outrageous? Maybe not. But trying to buy good beans can be expensive. That's where Black Hand comes in. I bought a reusable tin from them within the last year or so and they fill it up for 10$ or less. Great deal and the beans are just as good if not better than some of the other local coffee roasters. Plus, I can stumble out of my apartment prior to work when I forgot to get some beans the day before. Great! They have a nice little selection of breakfast sandwiches. Don't come expecting a cafe experience with salads and soups and all that jazz. You get coffee. Good coffee and some basic sandwiches. Gone are the days when Black Hand carried good beer. I liked that and kept getting nonspecific answers from the staff about why it disappeared. I get a lot of nonspecific answers from the staff actually, but that's cool. That is the vibe of this place. "Service with a smirk" like one of the comments posted on their website says. Their blog reveals  that they are moving around the corner to  Belmont and Patterson. I hope that works out for them. I like their little location as it is but understand the need for more space. Their plans include two separate patios at the new spot. They roast their beans right there in the shop, permeating the neighborhood with the smell of fresh roasted coffee. Black Hand has a low key vibe, a nice place to relax for a bit without all the rush of some of other local spots.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,8/9/2014,6,47,5,6,3>I love this place so so much.  I don't know how long they've had gluten free bread but I cried when I found out.  They even get it locally from Anna Bs bakery, which I have never been too but hope to soon.  The sammiches are killer, great bread (whether gf or no) and all of the sammich innards are delish.  I get the gruyere, mushroom and caramelized onion the most, with their tasty pickles, but all of them are wonderful.  My BF gets the Croque Monsieur and he raves about it.  And let me tell you about dessert.  They have the best cakes and pies around, some of which are also gf!  I've had the gf Elvis cake (banana cake with peanut butter frosting), gf lemon chess, gf hummingbird cake, and the apricot cake, which is by far my fave.  Please go here.  If you love sandwiches you will not be disappointed!  Service is also on par. :)
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,8/8/2014,31,20,6,7,6>Beautiful theatre, inexpensive movie tickets and snacks! What more could you ask for?They start selling tickets 30 min before show time and a line forms before that so make sure you get there early to get a good seat. On Saturday nights they have an organist which is super awesome!Find a seat first- some are broken so it may take a second. Snacks are inexpensive and include soda, popcorn and theater candy. No lids so you may want to bring a cup for the little ones. They have no commercials which is great! Great thing to experience in rva and great value!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,8/7/2014,6,50,5,4,3>I love this spot. It's very quaint and quiet and perfect for a first date or a change if scenery. Don't get it twisted, this is REAL Thai food. If you can't stand the heat... well, they can dial it back. I love the appetizers almost as much as the entrees themselves. I always order the sundries beef; it's excellent. The spring rolls are also delightful, always flaky and fresh. For entrees, I suggest the pad Thai or the pad saparote. Pad Saparote is a rice dish with your choice of meat and pineapple, onions, and red and green peppers. It's spectacular. Always affordable, always hot and fresh, and always an adventure. A+
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/6/2014,13,8,4,4,3>As I write this, I'm having a pint of the Honey Ginger out of a growler I brought home a couple of days ago.  The Honey Ginger is pleasantly sweet, but balanced with the ginger spice.  We also brought some to a July 4 party, rave reviews all around.Everyone is super-friendly, and the brewery is family-friendly.  The beer garden is a very pleasant place to hang out, a very nice surprise given its location.  This brewery is an awesome addition to the Richmond craft beer scene - a great place to hang out, and beer that we are proud to show our out-of-town friends as standard-bearers for Richmond craft brews.  I look forward to many more visits in the future.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,8/5/2014,14,184,1,4,5>Admittedly, I was leery of this place, as I don't consider myself a crepe person. Yet, based on the recommendation of a friend of my wife and the owner's linkage to Venezuela, we made a special trip here. Thank god, as we found the BEST Richmond has to offer food wise for a non-backbreaking check!First off, you enter an oasis of a well designed, contemporary establishment. As one might expect, it wasn't very busy on a Saturday around noon, with only 2 or 3 tables occupied. The menu was not extensive, but covered all major desires from veggie based through dessert crepes, along with a small selection of salads and other items.I ordered a breakfast crepe with ham, cheese and eggs and it was tasty, my wife ordered a caesar salad, minus the chicken and my son a dessert crepe made with nutella, bananas, ice cream and whipped cream. As anyone who reads my reviews knows, my wife and son are picky eaters. Not in this case, they both loved their selection, with my wife going so far as to say it was the best salad dressing she had ever had!The owner visited with us, so my wife had the opportunity to speak at length about her homeland. All in all, our best restaurant experience to date in Richmond, which means we'll be back her soon!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/4/2014,8,5,3,4,4>Whether it's simply to treat myself or for a big Sunday night dinner, I just LOVE LOVE Edo's! The Squid, Arugula and White bean to start or Braised Cabbage, I can't ever decide. The squid, arugula, bean dish is divine, the dish is quite simple but the bold flavors are totally there! Save bread to dip in the sauce! The braised cabbage melts in your mouth! The lentil soup comes out piping hot and I still love it on a warm day. The Karl pasta is one of my favorites along with the sausage, ricotta and broccoli rabe. The specials are always a hit too, always check the board. This restaurant knows what they're doing; some folks comment that the service is compromised but we're all going out to eat, for the FOOD, right?!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/3/2014,93,171,4,3,3>Love! Love! Love!My boyfriend has decided to grow us a garden this year, so we stopped in to see what they had.  Their pre-sprouted plants were cheaper than the seeds we had bought and had to start ourselves.  Why had we waited so long to stop in here?  They have everything.  EVERYTHING!  This place is huge.  Flowers for your yard, plants for your garden, herbs to keep the bugs away, cut arrangements when you need a few brownie points, lawn decor, seeds.  Any outdoor enthusiasts needs to make a trip here first.  I see more visits in our future.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,8/2/2014,291,238,2,9,5>Cool and eclectic shop.  I have easily passed this place on multiple of occasions.  During Broad Appetite we finally stopped in.Purchased a few cards, a bookend and candles.  They choices are top quality and the people in the store were super friendly.  Great spot to get a friend a gift that isn't easily found in the major shopping malls.Definetely a place I will continue to pop into for something unique for the house or for a great gift for friends.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,8/1/2014,6,75,2,4,3>It's been over two years since I last reviewed  Glow Med Spa's Northside location so I figured I'm due for a checkin. It shouldn't come as a surprise I'm still a regular client who loves Glow Med Spa! I've tried several estheticians (Shia, Angela, Lisa Marie and Sharon) at the Northside location and each time, no matter who I've seen, I leave looking and feeling great! Just today, I had Brazilian appointment with Angela and she was fantastic. Angela and I had great conversation and before I knew it the wax was done and I was in and out! Two years from now I'll be posting my third review and I know it will read just as mine and everyone else's read- Glow Med Spa is hands the best in Richmond (just check their awards they receive year after year!).
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/31/2014,13,36,,9,3>Thank you Christian's for coming to Richmond!  Great variety of pies. Pizza and calzones available.  Purchase by the slice or whole pie. Take out available, but i don't think they deliver.  Gorgeous, fresh ingredients.  Generous toppings.Toppings include avocado, olives, eggplant, roasted peppers, chicken, buffalo chicken.  Booths, tables, and counter seating. I didn't see any alcohol for purchase, perhaps that's coming.Located in the old Cheeseburger in the Village Shopping Center at Three Chopt.  I expect there to be lines out the door as Richmond discovers Christian's.  Those of you from Charlottesville/UVA already know about this pizza magic-nom nom!Today was their public opening. Looking forward to returning.Bon appetite~
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/12/2014,44,170,15,10,8>E! True Hollywood Story: Donut, Will You Marry Me? Donuts and Coffee for everyone! It's bad enough that I drive by the Lombardy shop everyday on my way to work but now I'm within walking distance to your Main Street Location that opened up this morning.  With a line out the door this morning, I'm sure it will be that way all them time.  Next time, I'll come earlier!  Either way, I love you and I love your donuts.Expect me to be there frequently and each time I plan on being approximately 1lb heavier.Take Care & Savor it Up!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/11/2014,6,21,2,5,4>We had breakfast here in the morning.  The atmosphere is hip, with every table being different.  Our "table" was an old desk that was transformed to a table.  We immediately noticed the art around the place, all of which looked nice.  They had a specials board listed, which had lots of good items on it.  We also noticed that there were 10 beers on tap, all of which were micro beers. We ordered the blueberry pancakes with eggs and rosemary potatoes.  The cakes were delicious and had fresh blueberries on the top.  They were huge!  I ordered two and was not able to finish them.  The rosemary potatoes were excellent.  When the food first came out you could smell the sage and rosemary.  They were seasoned well and the serving size was great.  My wife ordered the breakfast burrito and thought it was great.  She noticed the salsa was homemade, and it was excellent.  The service was great.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because of the bathroom.  The bathroom was not super clean, and there was no hot water in the sink.  This would be my only complaint.  We will visit again!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/10/2014,14,184,,5,3>Good things come in small packages? That old saying has always met me in hit or miss fashion. Thank goodness we hit a big yes with this small cart located in a parking lot off of Hull! This Puerto Rican establishment run by Christina, PR born, mainland raised makes fresh, excellent tasting food with a very engaging personality. On our very first stop here, we ordered jiberito sliders, tostones, and Spanish rice.The first time we had a jiberito was in Chicago, at a place that claimed to invent them. It is a sandwich that uses pressed fried plaintains instead of bread. The sauce used here is better than the Chicago version, but this version was only offered with one meat filling, pork. We prefer carne (meat), but that aside they were very good. The tostones were cooked perfectly and only lacked the side of a garlic based sauce to put them over the top. The Spanish rice was also well prepared and had my son wanting more. With the minor tweaks noted above, plus offering something more than sodas to drink, this small package would feel really big. As is, it still is by far the best place to go in Richmond for a limited in depth, but tasty Puerto Rican food experience!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/9/2014,71,47,4,6,5>So y'all know my obsession with fried pickles, right?  And then there's the chips vs. spears where chips always win for me? Well, at Toast they have fried pickle chips AND jalapenos.  Can you say, you had me fried?I have only been here for lunch and only had salads, so take that as you will.  I HAVE had the pickles every time.  The last time I was there I had a salmon salad special with pomegranate seeds that was amazing.  In the past I have had both the Salmon Kale and the Thai Salad (where I substituted the ahi tuna). The are all HUGE so you won't go hungry with one of these.I will say that the burgers and specialty sandwiches seem to have too much bread.  Each time my friends have ordered them they've left the buns off because the it overwhelmed the other ingredients.   Also, avoid the cheetos fried veggies.  They are plain weird.  Not enough cheeto and the breading falls right off.  Instead, double down on those fried pickles!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/8/2014,36,193,2,7,4>This is the almost perfect spot for date night, whether you are looking for just drinks, just dessert, or the whole shebang.  We had a gift card, so we went for the whole experience.I always like to try signature cocktails, and although I simply cannot remember what I ordered, I promise it was delicious!  We ordered a bottle of Chianti from their wine list, which has a nice selection with a range of prices for every budget.As an appetizer, we ordered the meatballs, whichever flavorful and accompanied by a sweet red sauce.  They were a little smaller than I expected, but a nice way to start off the meal.For dinner, we ordered the pasta con fava e ricotta, and the pollo trinacria.  The pasta had a nice texture, and the cheese was not overwhelming, and the beans were an interesting addition to the dish.  But we both really enjoyed the chicken.  It was tender and juicy, nicely complemented by the tomato sauce.  There was significantly less eggplant than expected, and the pancetta must have been well hidden in the sauce, but overall it was a delicious dish.For dessert, we had the profiteroles, which were light, fluffy, and nicely complemented with a little chocolate sauce.  The other desserts sounded equally enticing.Why do I say that it is "almost" the perfect date night location?  The lighting really had a negative effect on the atmosphere.  I'm not sure if this is a regular problem, or if they were just having issues the night we were there, but the lights kept flickering.  However, even without the flickering problem, the lighting was too bright to give off a cozy atmosphere.  But besides that, the food was delicious, the service was friendly, and it will definitely return!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/7/2014,14,59,5,7,6>The drinks are AMAZING. The bartenders really know what they're doing.  I can't remember what drink I had, but if you ask them for a drink with rosemary in it, I'm sure they would know what you're talking about. I didn't experience any food except for the edamame hummus platter, which had sprouts, pickled onion, edamame hummus, and pita bread. Great flavor! If I go back for an actual meal, I'll definitely update my review. My friend did get the burger and said it was excellent.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/6/2014,83,61,4,10,6>The Hill Cafe is what I like to call a "company" restaurant, meaning I could take any of my family here and know that I'm not going to hear any complaints. The diverse menu offers something for everyone, regardless of the meal.I've particularly enjoyed the vegetarian options--something I'm not exactly known for. Their mushrooms and polenta dish is in my top 5 meals in RVA! Blue plates are reliable, apps are large enough without being TOO big (and of course tasty!), and their staff is cordial.Consider this a good first date restaurant as well--because there's a lot to choose from, you won't have to worry about someone's undisclosed allergy to anything green or whatever.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,3/5/2014,80,379,2,9,7>My BF took me here for Valentines Day dinner, Estilo had a special menu set up that was 4 courses. Each course was paired with a glass of wine or a shot of something to cleanse the palate.  I loved it all. The restaurant was dimly lit in a romantic setting and we thoroughly enjoyed the meal. Our food was awesome, and the server was on point. He was johnny on the spot with every step of the meal. The meal:  Our appetizer was Amuse Bouch Trio - it was a delicious pizza, sope, and Ahi tuna. all three were yummy.. and Im not a tuna type person but it was good. first course was Chupe de Camerone - prawn with fingerling potatos and a black vinegar sauce..  2nd course  was Sopa Calalloo.. this was one of my favorite things.. it was a spinach & coconut milk soup.. it had such a delicious sweet & spicy taste (this was so good I wanted to ask for seconds lol) Im certain I ate every drop of this soup... 3rd course - Braised short rib - shredded beef that was perfectly cooked. and finally the 4th and final dessert course was Arroz Con Leche which was a Arborio, lucuma, with a vanilla ginger sauce - this was similar to a rice pudding.. which I loved!... Everything was great.. loved it for a Valentines meal!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/4/2014,9,84,5,8,7>Diverse threads, spreads and treads at this thoroughbred thrift.As an avid thrifter, I consider Diversity to be as spontaneous and diverse as it gets. There are tons of random items to consider as you saunter through the selections, sifting 'diamonds' out of the dirt. Most of my kooky coffee cups were found here, as well as my mason jars and 6-paneled Japanese room divider (they took my best offer). I don't really know what to look for when I go because it is inconsistent with its jems.The furniture offers a wide variety items at hit or miss pricing. Some things are terribly over-priced, like a cabinet that a dog chewed on, while an exceptional trunk or shelf might get unnoticed and find its way into my house (I win). The clothing can be very sparse (for men) and the library leaves you looking at 'how to' books, but it changes daily. Best of all, every dime you spend you give to a community that could use your support -everyone wins!It would do you good to forget Goodwill - will you already?
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/3/2014,3130,648,6,12,10>I stopped by Julep's for dinner during the week (my 2nd visit to the restaurant). The menu changed from the last time I visited Julep's. We started out with fried green tomatoes as an appetizer. The fried green tomatoes were cooked to a nice crisp. I like how the pimento cheese and peppadew aioli complimented the green tomatoes (delicious). If you like tomatoes, I recommend trying the fried green tomatoes. For my entree, I split the Southern classic shrimp & grits and New York strip steak. Julep's shrimp and grits was very flavorful with the right amount of spiciness. The New York strip steak was cooked and seasoned very well. I was pleased with both entrees.  Every time I think of Julep's, the first thing that comes to my mind is table side banana foster. I made sure to leave room for dessert. As usual, the banana foster was DELICIOUS!!! I could eat Julep's banana foster everyday. Our server was attentive and polite. We sat at the top of the restaurant this time (nice ambience). I like sitting at the top because you can see over the restaurant. I enjoyed both of my dining experiences at Julep's. The parking can be a hassle but Julep's has valet parking. If you're looking for fine dining in Downtown Richmond, Julep's is a good choice.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,9/13/2012,42,131,,4,3>They have really good deals.  Not only that, but they have specials for each month.  They have a color coded system to ensure each item gets reduced occasionally.They have an amazing selection of books, probably the biggest I have ever seen in a thrift store.  Their kitchen selection is great.  My favorite part about this place is just knowing that all of the proceeds go to such a worthy cause.  (I lied, I actually have more than one favorite thing about this place)  The second thing  I love is that the employees will schedule a free furniture pick up.  They will come to your place, at your convenience and get rid of some older/unused furniture.  They are very friendly and very professional about it also.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,9/12/2012,62,181,,4,3>Looking for a trendy look but don't want to pay full-price for nice finds like J. Crew or Betsey Johnson, look no further than this hip botique in Carytown. Catering those with budgets in mind, they consign cute, barely worn clothing for the 20's-30's age range.  Since expanding their shop, there is more space for goods. Beware that prices are still a bit hefty, but a lot less than buying it directly from the store at the mall. Accessories tend to be a bit cheaper - purchased my fave watch there for $20. Parking is on the street and this area of Carytown tends to be busy, so you may have to walk a bit.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2012,9/10/2012,814,187,2,8,8>3.5 stars. Greasy Chinese food at its finest. The food is cheap, tasty and filling. A 2 piece fried chicken and fried rice combo is just a mere $5 and some pocket change. Its definitely a nice compliment to any college students' budget---or hangover for that matter.The chicken itself is tender, crispy, and comes out piping hot from the fryer! The fried rice is too oily for my taste, but you can't be too picky considering the prices. Don't forget to ask for hot sauce and mambo sauce! The Mambo sauce wasn't anything special because it just tasted like sweet and sour to me, but it did compliment the chicken well. I've also had the wonton soup, which was a bit too salty, as well as the general Tso chicken. The general tso chicken was flavored well, but consisted too much of batter and not enough meat.Overall, a good fast food joint in carytown that will be sure to stretch your dollar and satisfy your hunger.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,9/9/2012,34,80,1,9,6>The ReStore is one of Richmond's hidden gems. Once you visit the first time, you have to keep coming back at least once a month to check out what new finds they might have in stock. Brand new couches at half the price of regular retail stores? An antique coffee table? A gorgeous lighting fixture in need of a little TLC? You never know! Plus, they are the cheapest place in town to stock up on essiental home repair items (paint, lumber, etc). The staff couldn't be friendlier or more helpful, and even when you come home with more than you anticipated buying, you can feel good knowing that the money you spent is going towards helping members of your community become homeowners. I highly reccomend checking it out if you are doing any sort of home repairs or decorating, or just love a great bargin!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,9/8/2012,41,127,4,8,8>8 1/2 is one of those places that make me relish living in The Fan. In my mind, perfection is imperfection, so all the little things I hear people say they dislike about the best Italian take-out spot only serve to make my love grow. In my mind, I keep this image of a particular soup vendor from the best TV show of all time. Fortunately or unfortunately, that is not the case. They will let you take a little bit of time to decide what to order, they'll answer your questions (what is Sfogliatelle?) and even allow slight modifications to menu items. Although I like trying new things, I just can't stop ordering that damn Italian Hero. Or maybe the penne with red sauce. Or the pizza. And always the potato leek soup. Regardless, I love walking in and soaking up all that is 8 1/2: the aroma of fresh ingredients, the heat from the ranges in the open kitchen, an assortment of unfamiliar Italian deli items and of course, inked-up employees who pleasantly make it obvious that you are not their best friend, but still a customer. But wait, aren't their pizzas small? Yup. And isn't it (relatively) expensive? Maybe. If you want a week's worth of calories while you watch the game, call Domino's, otherwise enjoy the smaller pie that packs four times the flavor.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,9/7/2012,213,48,,5,5>Stumbled onto HR's on the way to a funeral... came back to try it out after I was done and was glad I did. Good barbecue is sooo hard to find in Virginia. But the folks at Hillbilly Red's know how to do it (North Carolina style). The owners are very friendly folks, the kind who come around to check on you when they're not busy taking orders at the counter. Pork barbecue, brisket, BBQ chicken offered. I order the basic barbecue sandwich combo. The sandwich is gigantus, btw. Comes with slaw to add to your sandwich if you choose, and there are multiple sauces to try on the table in a fancy bottle holder. Barbecue was smokey and good, a bit of fat in mine but not enough to lower their rating. Friend were crispy and good. Slaw was a bit wet, but nice flavor.Fun decor. Any place that has an Andy Griffith Show homage section is OK by me.I shall return to try the ribs and hush puppies!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,9/6/2012,4,86,,9,4>This establishment recently took the place of where Five Guys used to be...and I couldn't be happier with the change! My girlfriend and I received a menu from them and figured we had to try it out. It was a pretty awesome experience.The establishment has a great look and clean, they made the Five Guys red and white tile work with their color pallet and turned out a quaint modern and warm environment. The waitstaff was incredibly nice and attentive. We both ordered a hibachi entree, she got teriyaki chicken and I got shrimp and chicken teriyaki, and ordered an appetizer of pork and chicken stuffed dumplings. For every entree you get a complimentary salad buffet, consisting of different greens, vegetables, hard boiled eggs, croutons, ginger dressing and a couple other domestic dressings. It all tasted pretty good, the veggies were fresh as well, no wilted leaves or anything. Shortly after our salads we received our dumplings, which tasted pretty good though not deep fried, only fried on one side leaving the dumpling soft, still it tasted very good. After our drinks were refilled (which they give you those big Coke glasses and have a soda fountain for to-go orders) we received our food. At first we thought we would need knives...then realized how tender the chicken was, even the shrimp was cooked perfectly. My only issue was that it could have used a little more teriyaki, but otherwise it was very good. They also give you a large dish with that awesome pink sauce which made my experience here perfect. The portions are huge too, they come with fried rice, though you can order steamed rice if you prefer. The prices here are great too, even for their sushi...that's right they have sushi! Though I haven't had it yet, the other customers told me they really enjoyed it. The chicken teriyaki was around $5.65? And mine was about $8.Overall, great first experience and I cannot wait to try their sushi. My major only gripe is that I wish they sold beer or saki but considering they haven't even been open a full week means they could be in the future.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/5/2012,9,10,2,4,3>I went here to get a professional certificate framed.  I'd seen quite a few done in the DIY style and knew I didn't want that.  However, I didn't know exactly what would look good.  Fortunately, Main Art Supply & Framing has a super helpful staff.  I ended up paying a lot more than what I thought it was going to, but honestly that isn't a reflection on the shop, I just didn't know what quality framing costs.  My unique, musuem quality framing is awesome and I am very happy I went here.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,9/4/2012,10,49,2,5,2>Yum!  Finally a place that has plain milk tea with boba ("royal milk tea per shop's menu) and it's not "slushie'd" which is exactly how I want it. The milk tea/royal milk tea here is very good  (this flavor has been my fave for about 10 years now) considering that I've always been able to get this kind of drink in the Philippines and in California where boba milk tea shops are more common.  Bf tried the Rose milk with Boba and I was unsure that he'd like it but he did and was also very good.  I kept taking little sips from his drink until... i couldn't get away with it anymore. hehe.The only downside was.... being handed the straws by hand... I would rather get my straws out of a bundle from a canister or a dispenser (similar comment about this from another reviewer below).  It was a bit disconcerting since the guy was holding the straws at one end instead of trying to at least hold it where it's more sanitary? does that make sense?  Anyway, I just let it pass and enjoyed the drink.We went on a Sunday so parking was easy to find on the street.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,9/3/2012,5,7,2,7,7>Nile is my short cut to Ethiopia!I have lived in Richmond for a yr now and I can assure you Nile is an extremely under rated restaurant. It is my fav in the city for a hearty fulfilling meal.The exterior of the building may not look too inviting but  the interior, though small, is cozy and tastefully done. The hand wash area is cramped but you wouldnt even pay attention to it once you have tasted their food! Yup you have to eat with your hands and thats my fav part.Nile is the most authentic Ethiopian I have tasted. Though I instantly loved the flavours and could sense their authenticity right from the first time I tasted their food, I wanted to try another popular Ethiopian for comparison before I could pass my final verdict on Nile. I got the chance a few days back when I visited Washington DC. I tried  'Meskerem' at Adams Morgan, rated as one of the best Ethiopian eateries in the DC area and is in the top 50 best bargains list in the city. I must tell you - their food and flavours, the ambience and their service was not even close or comparable to Nile. So now I can give Rave reviews for Nile with the utmost confidence.The service is great, attentive.'Injera', something thinner and larger than a pancake or like a soft brown dosa for my fellow south Indians to indentify with, made of teff flour which is a 100% protein, is what you eat all your entrees with.My fav entrees are - 'Yesiga'(lean beef, slow cooked) or 'Yedoro'(chicken) 'WAT' in extremely flavourful curry like berbere sauce                                                                        AND                                    'Salmon Tibbs', Oh so juicy and spicy'Nile Doro Dulet', chopped chicken with spicy mitmita is also goodAs I love the strong flavours of their non-vegetarian dishes, I choose those for my entrees and go for their vegan dishes for the sides. They have a huge variety to choose from in their vegan menu. The one I adore is - 'Shiro Wat', this paste is simple flavoured awesomeness definitely unlike anything you have ever tasted before! The food is served with a small helping of tomato salad in the centre with seasoning that makes me drool!Their vegan options are extremely healthy and light where as their non-veg dishes are rather heavy, best eaten on an empty stomach. So if you are not looking for anything heavy, you could choose one of their appetizers like the 'ethiopian cheese roll' (spicy) or the 'buticha roll' (injera stuffed with seasoned garbanzo paste and veggies) and move on to their vegan options for the main course.My fav Appetizer -  "Berbere Katenya', crispy rolled injera with a touch of farmers cheese will tease your appetite and is very light.For Dessert - Their 'Baklava' is the best I have tasted - fresh smelling and warm, served with oh so fresh black berries on sweet glace! The portion is small, just right for 1 person and so sharing is difficult. I love their coffee and tea as well, full of flavour. I take them black as I dont want to lessen the flavour by adding cream. My husband loves a tea concoction with a touch of bourbon there.Nile transports me to Ethiopia with it's exotic, flavourful food! I will definitely miss this place when I move out of Richmond.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,7/12/2012,12,72,2,3,2>Singing, "Jamaica, Jamaica" "Jamaica, Jamaica" me and the family went here for dinner tonight.  Every white moon I get a taste for some Jamaican food and a really nice friend of mine introduced me to this place.  Carena's is probably a 45 minute drive but the food is certainly worth the trip.The restaurant is very clean and I usually do take out but tonight we dined in.  Jamaican music was playing and an old lady was up dancing.  Everyone was having a nice time and the atmosphere was very laid back as if we were actually in the Caribbean.My husband ordered some juicy and oh so wonderfully delicious Oxtails which comes with rice, beans, and cabbage.  My children had a cheese pizza and fries which I was very thankful for since the food is a bit spicy for children and yours truly had jerk chicken with rice, beans, and cabbage.  My jerk chicken was spicy but because I'm a lover of really hot foods, I could stand for it to be a little more spicy.  I actually added Scotch Bonnet sauce to it and that kicked it up a notch.  My rice and beans were good as well, but my ultimate favorite is the jerk gravy that is actually meant for the chicken but I always manage to eat it with the rice and beans instead.  I, too, received cabbage as a side and it was very crunchy and colorful with a little bit of shredded carrots.  I tried their mango flavored tea.  The tea was very flavorful, not too sweet, very different and refreshing.  I also ordered a Love Bird (ruby red absolut vodka, rum, grenadine, and OJ) which was just ok.  I probably could have continued to drink the tea I had and I would have been fine.  Before the dinner was over, I ordered the carrot cake because they were all out of homemade rum cake, but I was too satisfied to eat it.  I will probably eat it tomorrow and I promise to update you later on how it taste.  You know, I have really got to start taking photos of the wonderful food I experience.  Until next time....yelp out!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,7/11/2012,46,109,,4,3>The second Richmond outpost of a local legend, Q Barbecue opened in the VA Center area last week, and the food is still top notch.  Those that lamented the demise of the Smokey Pig have, in what my opinion is, a worthy local option a few miles down the road from Ashland.  The space at the VA Center strip mall is a bit more cramped and skinnier than their open and airy Midlothian spot, but they feature a large window that allows patrons to see their meat being smoked in the gigantic smokers on property.  The meat choices are all tempting, but I lean (no pun intended) toward the brisket and ribs.  The sides range from the standard beans and slaw to their fabulous corn pudding and pineapple dishes.  They also feature pies at this location as a test run.  Although crowded opening weekend, the service was genuine and friendly, and I know that the Q legend will continue to grow as the food is served at this high quality level.  The Smokey Pig has a worthy successor!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/10/2012,160,252,4,5,5>My boyfriend and I loved our meal here! Literally a hidden Vegan gem in the city (it's really small and easy to miss). Our server was very nice and our meal was fantastic. We decided on an orange blossom tea and a starter of toasted focaccia bread with garlic and red pepper olive oil and a deliciously seasoned tomato sauce. It sounds so simple but it was so good! I think the quality of ingredients is what really made this dish shine. I went with the tempeh bacon BLT for my entree while my boyfriend went with the tempeh Reuben. Both sandwiches came with sweet potato fries and a salad. Let me tell you - never have I ever been so satisfied with a vegan sandwich up until eating here! You wouldn't be able to tell their bacon is Vegan if the menu didn't tell you so, and the Reuben?! So much flavor! Taking a bite of his sandwich made me wish I had ordered it! The combination of the sauteed peppers and onions with that sauce in the sandwich was some kind of incredible. The sweet potato fries were on the soggy side, but still flavorful. This was honestly the first time I was actually excited about Vegan food! I would definitely come back again. Get that Reuben!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,7/9/2012,19,99,,2,3>Since I have come here to get my sleeve done, I recommend Salvation to everyone. So far I have gotten my work done by Katie who is super chill & rad. I have refused to check out other studios because I am so incredibly happy with the work I have now! Hopefully, I do not have to move away any time soon because commuting to Richmond will probably suck, but I will still do it. Keep in mind-they are big on appointments & are cash only! Their location is in a great neighborhood near the fan/VCU area and they are right next to 821 Cafe. Definitely go to Salvation for your work!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,7/6/2012,35,109,,2,5>If you are a beer lover, you MUST visit Legend's! I like to take my non-beer drinking friends here just to prove to them that I can find a beer they will love. Works every time. I am a huge fan of the Porter, the Brown Ale, the Smoked Chocolate Stout, & the Hefeweizan. I honestly can't say I've ever eaten here, but I love that there are no TVs.... this prompts patrons to enjoy good company and excellent beer. If you plan on sitting on the patio, make sure you see a hostess... I am convinced that the waitstaff ignores people who seat themselves!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,7/4/2012,2,18,3,4,4>If you like anything associated with frosting, sprinkles, pie, cookies, chocolate, cream cheese, apples, lemon, nuts, bananas, peanut butter, marshmallow, graham crackers, red velvet, vanilla, or snicker doodle cookies...*catches breath*....go here.That's just to name a few flavors and ingredients coming out of the awesome Libbie/Grove hotspot. I fell in love as soon as I bit into one of their rare Snicker-doodle Cupcakes with apple pie filling. OH YES! Lots of love and care go into these pastries. It is palatable, literally. Better yet...the flavors you can try switch in and out pretty consistently. Give it a shot, you will be glad you did.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/3/2012,41,127,2,6,4>My mother first took me to La Diff (when they had a store in Charlottesville back in the day) as a kid - got my first table lamp there.  Ever since then I've been slightly obsessed with their not-quite-austere design themes.  La Diff has a really creative selection of furniture and accessories.I really have to hand it to them - they're pretty much on the design edge.  Whenever I go to 'trendier / stylish' areas of the country, I'm amazed at how many design themes I've already seen in the La Diff store.On the plus side, they also have good sales and prices that reach a different demographic than those buying an $11,000 glove leather sofa - which is likely some crazy hue of purple.  I got most of all of my living room and most of my lighting there and it didn't put me in more debt than say, Can Can has.Overall, great pieces, pricey but not overpriced (these are very relative terms, people) and very knowledgable / friendly staff.  I worked with a guy named Bryan who was really patient with me and dealt with things like:  me running into the store 5min before close to buy a couch, chair and ottoman all at once.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,7/2/2012,16,89,,4,2>I have been here twice.  I would go more often if I lived closer.  This place has a special place in my heart.  It is fabulous.  Both times I ate here it was for brunch and both times the food was impeccable.It is a small restaurant with nice private booths.  The service is perfect and the ambiance is just what you need.I would say that after eating make sure you order a sub to go.  They are amazing.  The USS Brooklyn does not disappoint and is so big that it can be a full meal for 2!  I always image that it would be perfect to pick up and take on a picnic to belle isle.  Maybe someday...
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/1/2012,34,80,6,5,4>Christopher's tuna salad is so good that its on a short list of items I would like to have as my last meal. Is it the dill? The lemon? Some highly addictive narcotic that they sneak in? I don't know, but whatever it is, its working. My standby lunch from Christophers is always the tuna with fruit and cheese (although the marinated cucumbers are also delicious). I've tried other items from the menu (the pasta salad with veggies, the chicken salad) and they are all delish, but I don't know how they are supposed to compete with that tuna salad. It's out of this world. If you work downtown and you haven't been to Christophers for an affordable and scumptous lunch, you are missing out (and I'm also not convinced that you work downtown, because those carts are everywhere). And if you don't work downtown, make the trip sometime to pick up some tuna sald!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,6/30/2012,36,51,1,5,4>Magnificent.  I've eaten here several times and always think, "Hot diggity dang. That was definitely worth the money."Here's the thing, Edo's is not all about impressing you with fancy art, or even a comfortable place to wait until you are seated.  I wonder if people even notice that they only things they have decorating the bare walls are a couple of oversized legal pads that list the specials.No, they focus on the food and get it done right.  This is why people keep coming back night after night and the place is always packed.  This is why people choose to suffer, standing awkwardly at the front with no comfy place to sit while waiting for their tables.  Last night I had the most amazing, life changing rockfish on the planet.  Meaty, with just enough garlic and olive oil.  Cooked perfectly.  It was so good, I would order it for carryout.Also had the veal marsala at our table, the asparagus, an arugula salad, some wine, pasta with olive oil - all fantastic.  Tiramisu at the end left me totally satisfied.And ps - I thought the service all around was really awesome.  Get this, so we thought that after paying in cash that our server brought us back too much change.  We gave it back to him and he took it to the bartender (who made the change).  The bartender told the server that there were two $20's stuck together that we didn't notice.  He could have easily pocketed that.  Good, good karma.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,3/28/2012,105,649,3,6,4>This place used to be down on Broad Street, and just recently reopened in Northside... It was awesome when it was on Broad Street, and it's just as awesome in it's new location.  The food is fresh and the ingredients are really high quality.Case in point- the Parmesan cheese served with our pasta was sharp and salty and a little nutty.  Unlike so many places where the cheese is just white powder, this was the real deal.  Same thing with the olive oil- it tasted like really good dipping olive oil should!  And the gnocchi- tasted like it was made with actual potato!  My grandmother makes her own gnocchi from scratch, and the gnocchi at Enoteca tastes just like it.  My husband and I both started out with appetizers, which are definitely big enough to share.  I got the white bean and arugula crostini, which had a little heat from some red pepper flakes, fresh red onion and olive oil, and tons of garlic in it.  That could have been a meal in and of itself.For dinner I got the gnocchi with pesto, which was definitely heavy on the garlic but awesome nonetheless- just simple light potato pasta and the perfect amount of freshly made basil pesto.  And my husband got fettucine with bolognese, and we were surprised to find that it was a really light sauce.  Usually bolognese at restaurants is a heavy meat and tomato sauce, but this was very light with hardly any tomato, and infused with vegetables.  It coated the pasta perfectly without overwhelming it.The only thing I found kind of weird was that the dinner portions were almost the same size as the appetizer portions (aka the appetizers were big enough to share, but the dinner portions were maybe a tiny bit small).  I would recommend two people getting and appetizer to share, their own individual pasta dishes, and then they should still have room for coffee or dessert.In our case, we didn't opt for dessert, but they had several choices we may try when we go back- cannolis, tiramisu, a lemon polenta cake, etc.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,3/23/2012,35,47,3,5,3>Upon recommendation, I brought my boyfriend to Comfort last night for his birthday dinner.  The whole meal was absurdly delicious!!!I ordered the flounder with the greens and cheese grits as my sides.  The flounder was cooked perfectly and had a great peppery flavor.  The grits were perfect and the greens had just the right amount of vinegar.My boyfriend got the sirloin steak with macaroni and cheese and fried okra.  The steak was HUGE and absolutely delicious!  But the real star of the show was the macaroni and cheese...possibly the most foodgasmic bite of food I've ever had.I highly recommend this restaurant - be prepared to leave very full and very happy!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2011,3/22/2012,88,258,,3,2>Food is great, but service is very so-so.Went here for a friend's birthday last summer and I was very excited.  At this point, I haven't had too much Korean food so I wanted to try everything I could.  There was a vast selection of food at Korean Garden.  Every piece of barbecue I got to try was flavorful!  Also, all the little appetizers were a great plus. The waitresses were very friendly, BUT one person was not so friendly.  Their head-waitress or owner? was kind of mean.  Earlier in the evening they brought something out extra and one of the waitresses said we could have it on the house since no one claimed it.  At the end of our dining experience something got complicated with that extra order.  We tried to explain the situation to the head-waitress, but she didn't want to talk to us.  She only wanted to speak to one of our friends, who speaks Korean.  It wasn't nice that she wouldn't listen to the rest of us because we didn't speak Korean.  I mean, I don't know if it's a cultural thing or what, but it was a little rude.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,3/21/2012,23,93,4,6,3>BYR is actually a great Bikram studio. I read some of the other reviews where they discussed the size of the actual yoga room, and the dislike for it's carpet. I've done Bikram in studios where there has been carpet and the smell has been just awful. BYR's studio is not smelly. Also, I've done Bikram in hardwood floor and it sucks. You are drenched in sweat and your feet slide everywhere once you take your feet off your toweled mat. Wow, I'm making myself sound like I'm super in shape and do Bikram all the time. Actually, I haven't--and I even just started up Bikram at BYR to have a more challenging and unique workout. Also, I think sweating is good for you. I've done Bikram in several hippie cities (.e.g, SF and Portland), and they've been good. However, you get that snoot along with your workout, and feel like you aren't holistic enough when you can't complete a posture. The instructors at BYR are different. They are incredibly friendly and watching to ensure you're doing ok. (My first class I almost passed out, and the instructor could clearly see I was in serious agony--she didn't push me at all to continue and told me to sit out the postures.)Also, they give you a cold, lavendar scented towel at the end. It's heavenly. Also, they have some crazy water that's good for you. Also, they have specials. I signed up for 10 classes for $100, so I got my first class free. That's not bad-- just $10 a class. Sure I've been to places cheaper, but in reality it all costs the same.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,3/20/2012,14,73,2,7,6>Okay...First of all, I have to start off by saying that there are those in an uproar about this place not being completely "authentic Cuban food" and that the food is inconsistent.  As far as the inconsistency goes, I have no logical argument with which to dispute such claims, yet, I have not had either poor food or service here; rather, both have been wonderful.As for the authenticity of the food, I wish to point out one thing: this is a business.  Despite whatever you feel should or should not be done, and regardless of any single person's opinion as to what constitutes authenticity or not, a business will do what is necessary to stay...in...business.Admittedly, New York has better Cuban food, and Miami (Little Cuba) is home to what is arguably the best Cuban food you will get in the U.S., but that is due to the high concentration of Cubans!  Here in Richmond, VA, Kuba Kuba is still in business, therefore, they must be doing something right.  Keep in mind as well that businesses only survive as long as they are progressive and willing to change.  No place is this rule more necessary than in the culinary world.The menu has items on it that are classically progressive, however, some items are still done the old fashioned way, as it has been proven to be the best way.  The sandwiches are good, the entrees are ample, and everything else I've had is, well...quite tasty.  My wife (who is Latina and a native of Miami) has thoroughly enjoyed everything that she has ordered as well.  The service has always been good, if not great, and the owner makes you feel very welcome.The spot is intimate, like a lot of Richmond locations, but there are several booths and a bar in addition to tables.  The parking is...well, it's the city.  Expect to walk.Oh, and in closing, there is one additional note.In America, respect is thought to be earned, not given.  In Latin culture, it is the other way around.  Hospitality, as well, is a way of life.  You may find that you will get better service if you keep these things in mind, as you will have shown your hosts that you respect them, and appreciate their hospitality.In the end, if you are looking for a recommendation, you've got it.  I believe this place is a hit.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,3/19/2012,12,36,5,4,5>Okay, okay, I am no authentic Mexican food expert - you may accuse me of being inexperienced in the ways of tamales, enchiladas, and chilies - and you'd be right.HOWEVER, I love Rico's and you can't take that away from me! The food there is ultra-satisfying every time. The fajitas sizzle with just the right pizazz and taste even better. The enchiladas disappear too fast from your plate as each blissful bite is taken. The taco salad is a great pick-me-up dinner to get through the week. And the cheese dip is the mother of all cheese dips (I'm petitioning the USDA to give it its own category on the food pyramid). I love the staff here, always friendly and attentive. During one visit the waiter attending us was interacting with my little nephew, and when we asked if he had kids of his own he pulled out his phone and showed us pics of his new baby girl. Maybe its 'cause I'm a girl, but I just thought that was precious! And don't worry, if you're not the "looking-at-baby-pictures" type (shame on you!) the staff doesn't make this a habit. They do give you the space and privacy you need, returning to fill your drinks in a timely manner. The only complaint I have is that their rice doesn't taste quite right, but others that I've gone with rave over it, so maybe it's just me. Either way, I keep returning to Rico's with wild abandonment. I lived in Texas for several years, and during that time I went to many Mexican food establishments, some very highly rated and acclaimed, but I don't remember enjoying other Mexican fare with more pleasure than I do at Rico's. Judge away, you purists! I heartily endorse Rico's!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,3/18/2012,81,83,5,4,7>I've abstained reviewing this place for so long because I want to keep it a secret. I'm selfish sometimes - I'm sorry.  But after Tuesday night's carnitas taco and horchata extravaganza I just had to say out loud how amazing I think this place is.  Whether visiting their traveling food carts or going to their mesmerizing store on Hull St., it is always a hit.They served food at my work for an event and had RABBIT in an ancho chile sauce. I almost died.  And the salsa cart at the store has been expanded with different styles of sauces - I wish I could furtively load up a hundred little plastic cups of their salsas and take them all home with me.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,3/17/2012,61,189,,10,2>SO, so happy to find Pho City just 5 minutes from my office!  2010 was my "year of pho" but now that I'm hooked, I'm always up for a new place, especially so close. I've been here a few times now and all three times were great. As I write more yelp reviews, I find myself doing more of the 'wait and see' approach before posting a review. I know restaurants have good days and bad days. I think after three 5-star meals at Pho City, I can say they're here to stay and have made it to my regular lunch rotation. As has already been said, the pho is good, very good!  I'm still no expert but I like it as much as Pho So 1 and Pho '79 in Virginia Beach (first time is always the best.)  Despite their name, their other items are good too. On different visits, I've enjoyed the grilled pork and shrimp with vermicelli, spring rolls, and two kinds of pho. I agree with Mos D. and love that they include plenty of all the trimmings, even asking me if I wanted a second plate of the basil, sprouts, etc. on one visit. Friendly people, great service, great food.Pho lovers of Richmond and beyond, try Pho City! Spread the word so they thrive. No place this good should have to worry about succeeding.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,3/16/2012,78,547,3,7,2>A solid addition to the Shockoe Bottom dining scene. This place is big and a little echoy, but it's also nicely renovated and spacious with plenty of room, which is nice compared to some of the more cramped restaurants in the area. The interior feels fresh, clean and modern. I also liked that they had pretty much the entire front open to allow fresh air in on our visit.Totally agree that the fried pickles rock. They are crisply fried spears served with some sort of ranchy dressing and a habanero stone-ground mustard (yum!). Wish you got a few more per serving... when I ordered them with 2 other people there weren't even enough for us each to have 2 spears, but they were tasty nonetheless.Great beer list packed with Virginia brews, and a nice wine list with a few local features. I'm one of those random people who likes a glass of red wine with a burger, so it was nice to have that as an option and not feel like I had to choose a token house wine or some kind of generic crap.Speaking of burgers, I got the black and bleu, which consisted of a blackened patty topped with blue cheese and onion straws. The blackened seasoning was delicious and the burger was nicely cooked to the medium I requested. Fries were just okay, but at least this discouraged me from scarfing down all of them. My meal was soo big I couldn't finish it all, but it was definitely tasty.Service was also solid. Each time our drinks got low, our server stopped by to offer us refills, and everything arrived in a timely fashion. Would definitely go back the next time I'm in the mood for a burger!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,3/15/2012,53,268,2,4,5>I am sitting here right now in fact, this is my second visit.  I usually pop in for an iced tea and to download big files on my laptop.  Today I had the most amazing blueberry cream cheese on an everything bagel that it has amped up my smile factor enough to get me to write another review.    I also think that the "Coffee Happy Hour" from 3-4pm everyday with 1/2 price drip coffee and 2 for 1 desserts is another reason to give this locally owned coffee shop a visit.I applaud the owner for not only starting a business on W Broad Street before it was super trendy to do so but for also offering free WiFi and al fresco seating out front.  The place is cheery and inviting and the staff is friendly and efficient.  They even sell imported beers and Coca Cola in big glass bottles!  Famous for its "Banana and Peanut Butter Panini" which is drizzled in honey is yet another reason to try LiFT!Think Globally, Drink Locally!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,7/15/2013,29,159,2,28,2>I've eaten here three times so far.The first time around, Pork Ribs for dinner.Pork.Ribs.For Dinner.This is apparently what being an adult means now, which is cool with me. They were fall-off-the-bone tender with a flavorful prep and good browning across all surfaces. The flavor was excellent, and the plating was really charming.Second go-around:Tapas right near close, on a saturday night with a very large group. We came in with no reservation and were seated immediately. The tapas were mostly traditional taco-oids, with very little of the flair and panache I expected after my first visit. They were serviceable, but a little over-priced. My significant other got the burrito with tamarind shrimp, and unfortunately none of the distinctive flavors really showed through. Worse, their otherwise-excellent black beans came through as nothing more than a muted textural presence. This was jarring, but the food was still solid enough.Third go-around:I decided to come back with a group from work. We ordered two tortas, a single enchilada, and the same burrito that my SO got on our second visit. This time, everything got rave reviews. The tortas included steak milanese, which was a pleasant surprise, and the burrito practically sang with bright flavors. Of particular mention was the enchilada. I have literally NO idea what enchilada some of the other reviewers have gotten, because this was a well-portioned and very charming rendition of the dish.Why five stars though?Well, it's a tequila bar. Okay, I know, relax. And they have a couple of really notable sipping tequilas on the menu that are virtually impossible to find in Richmond otherwise. When the food worked, it was stellar. The service was consistently flawless, and the food came to the table at a good clip. They're two months old, so I'm prepared to excuse some teething troubles. They serve food that is simply very hard to find, particularly in the west end of Richmond: excellent colombian inspired versions of provincial mexican food.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2013,7/14/2013,291,238,,4,3>Had Anthony's on the Hill bookmarked for a good two months before finally giving it a go last night.  I  ordered take out and asked for recommendations.  The person who answered the phone explained that they make everything from scratch and its a must to get a pizza.  He also recommend the Chicken Marsala saying that this was his favorite item on the menu.  With those kind of recommendations it was a no-brainer to order pizza and marsala.I ordered the Vegetable Pizza (extra crispy) and Chicken Marsala.  The take out order did take a while to pick up which wasn't that big of a deal.  I was told 15 min over the phone and it took 30 min.  The pizza was very fresh tasting and the vegetables not only looked good but still had crunch to them (that is a huge plus)!  Overall a very solid pie.  Another added bonus was that they took $3 off pizza because Sunday is pizza day!  Very cool surprise.The Chicken Marsala was just ok.  The noodles were cooked perfectly!  The sauce was too buttery for me.  The chicken was tender and juicy -- it was just the sauce that didn't do it for me.  Hard part is to knock them on this dish because I did do take out and noticed that the pasta was done well before the pizza.  So the waiting definitely could of contributed to the dish just be ok.This will be a place I order from again (most likely on Sundays).  Good neighborhood spot in Churchill.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,7/13/2013,57,69,,7,2>Ever since I moved to the West End, I've lamented not being able to go to Alamo BBQ as often. Alamo easily tops my list of best BBQ in Richmond. When I found out that the same owners were opening a West End location, I literally jumped for joy. I have since been twice and the food is just as good. Pulled pork, beef brisket, mac and cheese, corn bread with honey butter, collard greens, sweet potatoes, cowboy beans, fries -- I have tried it all to the dismay of my waistline but I enjoyed every single bite. Having this place only 10 minutes away from my home makes me so happy. The location itself is a little hidden but is big and has a true BBQ joint feel to it. I highly recommend anyone who can't make it to Church Hill but wants BBQ to come here!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,7/12/2013,88,97,4,2,2>I came here with my dame and were seated immediately. The place was pretty dead but it was a week night so it's understandable.We started off with the vegetable tempura. There was asparagus, onion, sweet potato, carrot and zucchini all deep fried to perfection. We then got some miso soup which was also great.We finally decided on three roles. Caterpillar, rainbow, and spicy tuna hand roll. The hand roll was my favorite and my fair lady called the Caterpillar roll "bombdiggity".A little on the expensive side but totally worth it if you wanna venture to uncharted sushi territories.  Sushi so fresh you can taste it. Sumo San, if you're reading, you can use that.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,7/11/2013,41,140,3,5,3>erhmegod amazeballs.  Beautiful setting, delicious food. Enuf said, be in your car and go now.IF you need more details... The pre-fixe is an amazing deal. One appetizer, entree and dessert for 28 dollars. Given that most entrees are around 20 something dollars, you probably want that.Had the cheese and the porridge for our starters. The cheese is kind of a reconstructed cheese plate, combining elements of a charcuterie plate (duck lardon, sharp cheddar, apples, and a beer cheese sauce). The porridge is almost a barley soup with kale and pear. The cheese was the better course, but both are worth repeating.The skirt steak and rock fish entrees were both fantastic. I thought the portions for both were really appropriate (not too large, in other words).  This course was a tie, depending on your personal taste.I liked the desserts, not loved, but the stroopwaffel was better than the chocolate pudding. The chocolate pudding was rather bittersweet. It had these crunchy chocolate bits in it that made it reminiscent of a sophisticated cocoa puff cereal experience. I had this fantastic riff on a gin and tonic/pimm's cup: the cucumber and ginger ice cubes wooed me.Looked like a solid beer and wine selection as well. We will be back!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,7/10/2013,13,65,2,4,2>I made the switch to the Bombshell in West Broad Village to follow my girl Natalia.  She is running things over there now and the salon is absolutely awesome.  It is fun and friendly and everyone that works there seems to really love their job and enjoy being at work - it is impossible to be in a bad mood in this place.  The pink walls and checkerboard floors are super fun and they always have great music playing when I am in there.  I usually go here for a trim every few months but last year I went in for my wedding hair and makeup.  Natalia did an amazing job on my hair and Summer did my makeup.  When I went in for the trial run I was so impressed with how everything looked - it was one less thing I had to worry about for the big day.  On the day of the wedding I was so relaxed and Natalia had me cracking up as usual - it was just a great part of the day.Short Pump isn't the easiest place for me to get to but this little corner of it is fun and I can't imagine getting my hair cut anywhere else in Richmond.  Just go!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,7/9/2013,52,70,5,1,3>Dear 8 1/2,I just wanted to tell you that I love you, so much. I have never met a hero like you before, you are very special to me. I have seen you in many flavors and moods, and I still can't get enough.  I don't know where you have been my whole life, but all I ever yearn for is the warmth I feel eveytime I open that bag. I cherish the small oily potato tokens of your affection that you leave me with every order (I know they are not just for me, but I would like to think they come from your heart). I just wish you would come over once in a while. I think that this relationsip is so once sided, I always have to come to your house, is this your way of giving us space? Are you feeling overwhelmed with our relationship? I would be perfectly happy nibbling on you every day, but you have to make an attempt to come see me too. I miss you every day we are not together. I will wait for the day that I can call and my hero will show up at my door.Love always,Marissa
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,7/8/2013,54,120,2,8,4>I used to live down on East Main street, but unfortunately at that time, Le Crepe had not existed.  I love crepes so when I discovered this place, I immediately made the journey over to try it out.  Inside, it was very clean and well-kept.  Each table had its own little plant in the center, and I also liked the black on black furnishing. It gave the place a classier feel.Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cI went for their dessert crepes, and was deciding between their Nubana or Strawbella. They both had bananas and nutella, the only difference between them was either vanilla ice cream or strawberries, so I went with the Strawbella.  The server brought out my crepe on a huge plate. It was much more than I expected and I had difficulty consuming it all. There were a lot of sliced bananas and strawberries stuffed inside with nutella, and some added whip cream. It was very decadent and rich, too much on the sweet side for me, but that was what I expected for my self-indulgence. Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/le-cFood: 4Value: 4Service: 4Overall: 4
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,7/7/2013,26,54,3,3,3>I fell in love with Eat first, I fell in love with Pescados second, this week I visited Ironfish and now I'm living in a romantic restaurant threesome of taste heaven. Ladies and gentleman, Ironfish is doing everything right. I ordered the whole branzino which came out eyeballs and all, served with cheese grits.  It was weird to see a fish on your plate with gills, fins and eyes,  but I loved every second of it. Prices were fair for a seafood restaurant and our service was friendly and helpful as she instructed me on the proper way to eat my fish. I'll be back....Soon.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,7/6/2013,23,48,3,5,4>I'm somewhat of a sushi snob so I was pretty excited to stumble upon Hanami Sushi especially after reading some of the great reviews.  Past sushi restaurants in this area have just been ok, so I was intrigued enough to try it out for myself.Hanami is a solid 4 - 4.5 stars.  It's nice that there's finally a sushi place this good with decent prices in the west end.Service is good, the location is great (for me), and parking is easy.The menu is extensive.  Lots to choose from.  I typically judge a sushi place based on the standard rolls.  If their standard rolls can differentiate themselves from other restaurants then you know you've stumbled onto something, and that's exactly what Hanami did.  I went with the spicy scallop and spicy yellowtail rolls and both were outstanding.  The plates were decorated and presented as if they were specialty rolls.  Lots of detail and lots of flavor.  Some of the best sushi I've had in a long time!If you like sushi, you have to try this place!  Thanks Yelp for the find!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,11/12/2013,4,23,3,3,3>Don't let the exterior fool you! It may be located in a rundown strip mall in a not-so-nice part of town, but the food is excellent.Everything is freshly-made and prepared, right down to the Italian dressing (which, in my opinion, completely blows Olive Garden's dressing right out of the water!). Pizzas always come to your table hot-- right-out-of-the-oven hot, not heat-lamp hot!--, and the pasta portions are gynormous. Whenever we go, we always order a buffalo chicken or supreme pizza and salads. And the staff is more than happy to accommodate any needs you have (like ordering fried chicken cutlets on top of my salad lol).Not sure why this place doesn't get more business than it does. It's local. It's infinitely better than any subpar chain restaurant out there. Food is FRESH and service is great!The only draw, I guess, would be the location... But they've been around for 35 years, so something MUST be working :)
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,11/11/2013,25,50,2,6,3>Best food here ever, i have never tasted an eggroll that  was so fresh., as much as I can say that the food and cooking of pho is amazing, you have to really come in and check out the food yourself, the best about this place is the appt. some places dont have many choices as this place. i love their dumplings, and rocket shrimp the most, they also have great choices of specials on the board once you come in.If your a spicy lover for soup, ASK FOR THERE Spicy Beef Soup which is called in Vietnamse, Bun bo Hue.Crispy calamira is good as well, they also have three chinese dishes, crispy chicken and crispy beef, not many kids love eating vietnamse food, but its a win win situation for the whole family. Great beer selection as well. Export 33 my all time favorite food. Def be be back when i am in town again
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,11/10/2013,25,127,5,6,6>Coming to this place was definitely one of my better life choices.Dropped in the other night with my fellow yelper friend Timmy T. Line was pretty long but that was actually good for me, considering there was like 30 different flavors to choose from and I had no idea what I wanted. Everything looked and sounded good. I sampled the cannoli and the tiramisu and opted to get a scoop of both in the medium cup. I almost wished I had gotten a bigger size simply because of how good it was. Super smooth, creamy, and *apparently* gelato is a healthier option when compared to other ice-creamy products. The lady that helped us out was super nice. I like her.Plenty of seating available indoors and outdoors, and the shop itself is very clean (but kind of tucked in a random corner of a random shopping center). I'd recommend paying with cash if you're buying something under $5, though. I would give it five stars but I need an excuse to go back and try more flavors, so when I try more, I'll probably bump it up. I'm that confident that the rest of the flavors will be just as awesome.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,11/9/2013,69,336,2,2,4>A quiet little place tucked away in a strip mall in the far West End.   With a number of good Yelp reviews, DH and I wanted to give it a try.We started off with crispy spring rolls and shrimp in rice paper rolls.   For dinner, DH had pho (as is his custom) and I opted for the spicy chicken in lemongrass sauce, which packed a bit of a bite.    Our orders were plentiful and filling.  Plus, I had some leftovers for lunch the next day.  Service was good and prices were reasonable.  We will certainly return in the future.  Next time, I will see how they do Pad Thai.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,11/8/2013,62,150,,17,3>Richmonders please visit this place.  I've been wanting to try this place since reading all the great reviews on Yelp and I am so glad I did.  This small hole in the wall restaurant is owned by a lovely Romanian couple.  The husband is the host and server and the wife is a chemist by day and cook by night (this is why they are not open for lunch).   He is so proud of this restaurant, his heritage, and especially his wife's cooking.  Do not shy away from this place due to size or decor, its a real gem.  We started with the Romanian chardonnay which was light and refreshing but also offers a bit more of a kick than your normal chard.  They gave us these warm homemade potato rolls which were great.  We ordered the Langosh,  fried bread with feta.  Boy was that a treat and I could eat my body weight in that.  For entrees I got the chicken schnitzel and the hubs got the Hungarian goulash. When ordering the goulash and they ask how spicy, they are referring to flavor, not heat, so we got it extra spicy.  Wow both were very flavorful.  The schnitzel was perfectly seasoned and fried but the star was the goulash.  There were so many flavors going on in my mouth.   We were both stuffed but decided to take home a few pastries.  Maybe since we waited a bit to eat these, they became a bit soggy so this was out least favorite part.  Our entire meal ,including tip, totaled $50. It saddens me that this place does not have the fan fare or business it deserves.  So do yourself a favor, drive a little further out that usual, and treat yourself to some amazing eastern European fare.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,11/7/2013,68,266,3,3,4>One of my favorite parks in all of RVA!I've probably been coming here for the past several years and this place doesn't disappoint. I always enjoy the nice big fields and the amazing views overlooking downtown and the james river. I think you can also see the Manchester bridge from here..? it's not as big as Maymont or Byrd Park, but I still think this is a special place. Good for picnics, flying your kite, and bringing man's best friend.Every now and then though there will be a few unwanted guests who visit the park and will try to sell you stuff or bother you. You just gotta say no and keep moving on. This doesn't deter me from coming back b/c the views are just so pleasant.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,11/6/2013,35,136,2,2,2>Akida is my favorite sushi restaurant. The sushi is fabulous, especially their special order rolls like the Dragon Phoenix. In addition to the food, I love the quirks of this place. They used to leave their Christmas lights up year-round. I crack up every time I look at the needlepoint on the wall of the teapot, announcing tea time. It should be hanging in a British grandmother's kitchen, not a sushi restaurant, but seriously, all these things add to the charm.It's a small space, but I have never had trouble getting a table. The waitresses are very nice and don't have any problem if you'd like to linger for a while.They also serve udon and teriyaki, but I see no reason to come here except for the sushi. It's always super fresh and super delicious.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/5/2013,89,171,3,6,3>I've spent quite a while staring at the review box trying to come up with a witty intro or fun way to tie into a review, but after about 10 minutes, all I can say is that TT Lounge is damn good.--Food: All the boba tea I've had in Richmond thus far has been in the form of either a slushie or a smoothie.  Not that it's a bad thing, but I've been searching for a more "tea"-like beverage and TT Lounge has just that.  They have Slushies too though, so if you want that, you can have that as well!Per suggestion of a fellow Yelper who I believe knows a thing or two about boba, I went with the Milk Tea, specifically Mango.  I'm not sure I've had milk tea before but the taste was great.  Slightly creamy and slightly sweet, it's sort of what I'd imagine drinking the offspring of a cup of tea and a creamsicle would taste like, in a non-gross way.  (Not that I condone the consumption of offspring!)  Alright, maybe that's not quite a good analogy, but the drink was darn good.  If you like a non-strong tea flavor and a non overwhelming milk flavor, give it a try.I have been told and saw that TT Lounge uses powder tea instead of actually brewing their tea, which to me isn't a big issue, but is true in reviews that knock it for that.  To me, if it tastes good, it tastes good.  And this was good.Also worth mentioning is the consistency of the boba (tapioca pearls).  A couple places I've tried around here either had really firm boba or boba that was hard in the middle.  I'm not sure if those other places just aren't cooking it long enough or what, but the boba in TT Lounge is far superior.  It's chewy but not hard and tastes fantastic.  It also fits through the straws better than some other places in RVA.--Cost: A Milk Tea and Slushie, both with boba, came to about $8.50 I think.  Not the cheapest, but like another review mentions, it's worth the extra dollar for good boba.--Atmosphere: The interior has some mismatched furniture and a variety of types of tables to sit at.  Seems like what you'd end up with if you went to a gently used furniture sale and bought what you thought would fit in an area you had to fill.  Is that a problem?  Not at all.  Does it catch you offguard when you walk in, not expecting that?  A little.  Side note, parking is a little hard during the busy part of a school day, but manageable.--Service: People have mentioned the rudeness of the staff here, but I didn't notice.  I will agree with anyone saying that they weren't bursting with friendliness, but they weren't mean or disrespectful in any way.  Drinks were made and presented within a few minutes.--Overall: I have yet to find another place that offers Tea / Milk Tea varieties of Boba in RVA.  I'm sure there are some, but I haven't found them.  The slushie and smoothie kinds are good enough, but I wanted something that's better than "good enough".  The Mango Milk Tea I had here at TT's was fantastic and I even told my fiancee that if I ever go to campus with her again, I'm stopping by here.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,11/4/2013,71,94,,3,2>Came here for the Beer, Bourbon & BBQ Festival.  I had a really good time given the content of the festival itself.  It was raining earlier in the day, and BEYOND humid later in the day, so it was nice that this event was inside.  This was my second BBBBQF, as the first one I went to was at the Cary NC location a few years prior.  The grounds are well maintained, the staff were courteous, although my interaction with them was minimal.  In regards to the festival, they might want to consider a bigger venue next year, because the VIP session was perfect, # of people wise, but once the general ticket holders came in, the lines were -tolerable- but the walking space throughout was a bit clustered.  That being said, you should -definitely- check out said festival, and between this event, and the races I've attended in the past - this place handles it well!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,11/3/2013,135,66,2,3,2>Very cool place.  Perhaps the coolest restaurant in RVA.  This is in the old Bogart's building and they have kept the tradition of live music going...pretty much all the time.  Get reservations.  Casual atmosphere, so don't feel the need to change out of your cool jeans (though you could lose the graphic tshirt).  The cocktail list is pretty exciting and delicious.  I've had a number and they've all been 4 stars.  The food has been hit or miss for me.  I'd consider going on Sunday's make your own burger night for the best deal.  Split the burger and order the tandoori cauliflower, as my friends have done.  Brilliant idea.  Overall, this is a great place to go.  It's not my go-to, best spot in Richmond place, but it's damn good and always a good time.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,8/19/2014,36,104,3,5,5>Can I just say, Juleps you are magnificent! My husband and I picked this as our anniversary dinner & we were absolutely not disappointed. We started with drinks, I tried a delicious Enola Reisling (I'm a sweet wine kinda girl, this does not disappoint!) & hubby tried the Allogash Ale (a deliciously smooth white ale). We ordered fried green tomatoes to start, while we waited we were served a corn muffin & whipped butter. Perfectly baked not too dry with a great taste reminiscent of mom's cooking. When we received our appetizer, it was a home run. Crunchy, thick cut tomatoes in a crisp fried shell served with a spicy pimento cheese. Everything about these fried green tomatoes was outstanding. For entrees we both ordered the crab cakes with root vegetables. Also a winner. The crab cakes are delectable! Large cakes with nothing but flakey crab, a hint of lemon and not a trace of shell. The bacon jam paired perfectly with the crab cakes & veggies, especially the Brussels sprouts, which I find always taste better with bacon! (Honestly what doesn't taste better with bacon?) And last but definitely my favorite dish of the night, was the table side bananas foster! This is my first experience with the dish and I was blown away! The gooey goodness of the brown sugar, butter & rum pairs so deliciously with the bananas, sweet cake & vanilla ice cream. Just writing about it now makes me drool. I think I'm in love... Sorry hubby! We had an outstanding time, with great service and maybe one of the best meals of my life!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,8/18/2014,68,266,6,11,8>Finally!! A decent Ramen house in RVA.For those of you who are wondering what the main differences are between here and Foo Dog:- Grace Noodle specifically focuses on Japanese Cuisine, in particular there are several types of Ramen bowls- Grace Noodle's ramen bowls taste ALOT better..- The atmosphere here is more definitely more relaxing/chillI got the Cha Shu Ramen bowl. It had six generous cuts of roast pork onion and seaweed seed. Unfortunately, they didn't have a runny egg for this ramen bowl but they might be able to add it for additional charge? The ramen bowl tasted pretty good. The noodles weren't as al dente as I would have liked them but they were still delicious. The broth was good, but nothing too spectacular. Roast pork, cooked perfectly and I was happy they had huge slices in there. We and a couple friends also shared a Kimchi Fried Rice Platter which was also good. Kimchi fried rice was only 6.50 and that was definitely a dinner portion!Service was good. Our waitress's English wasn't the best but we were able to get the general idea of what she was conveying. Overall, I would go back here for some ramen if i was craving some again. My ramen bowl was 11.99 though which is on the expensive side..
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,8/17/2014,69,336,4,4,5>What took me so long to try this place!?!?!?!?!?  I have been wanting to try Citizen for a while.   I have been working in downtown Richmond for three years now but rarely make it down the hill to Main Street.  But I see that changing, now that I have been to Citizen.There were so many things on the menu I wanted to try.  But on this visit, I ordered the chorizo quiche, which is obviously made just for you (individual serving sized) and served with a side salad dressed with a wonderful house made dressing.  The quiche has a masa crust (making it gluten free in case you need that sort of thing) and was incredibly light and fluffy, but at the same time a filling and satisfying lunch.Dining Companion (DC) caught a glimpse of the "secret" lunch menu, which sits on the counter instead being written on the board.  This menu contained two items - a pork check sandwich and a muffaletta - both of which I would have jumped on if I had seen them.  He was instantly sold on the pork cheek sandwich.  DC described his sandwich as a "flavor explosion", with lots of layers of tastes and textures.  He absolutely loved it.   Now that he knows about Citizen, he says that he, too, will be back as well.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,8/16/2014,246,313,4,8,5>Wow what great food. Who would know a small place in a strip mall next to WalMart can produce food like this.Firstly, some of the other reviews are wrong. They do offer takeout food and you can make reservations.We started with the fried pork belly. The flavors were complex and interesting. Then we had the beef and cilantro hotpot and the mongolian chicken. The whole meal had such interesting flavor profiles. The ingredients including the meat used were top quality.I agree with the other people who say this is the best Chinese restaurant in Virginia. I have traveled all over the world including spending time in Hong Kong. This was one of the best Chinese meals (in terms of flavors) which I have had.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/15/2014,52,70,6,6,6>I have been here twice and both times I have been really pleased with the food and service. First time I got the Siberian huskey and WOW. They make their own mustard and for those of us who like REALLY REAL REAL mustard, it has this great unique spice that only homemade mustard gives and its just refreshing to have this detail available and served, my hat off to you sir. The dog is big enough to fill you up but you can get a combo for like $1.50 or so extra (drink and side). The dog is a  long kielbasa style dog and its just juicy and delicious. The service was great and the owner (he runs the place and serves) told me he started making pirogies and blintzes, so I had to come back.I did, and got both the pirogies and the savory blintz --- DAYUM, they are good. I am used to traditional Polish pirogies, so the smaller Russian ones were different but still PERFECT, potato and onion, and he covers them with CHEESE. YES COVERS THEM WITH CHEESE. I love you mother Russia! He (the owner) also sent me off with a Kbac, a Russian malted wheat drink that is AMAZING. Just up my alley. I adore trying new things and this new drink is AWESOME. So the Blintzes- OHHHHH lawd all mighty. This man makes these BY HAND EVERY DAY. They are just delicious. I got the savory ones but you can bet your sweet patook I am going back for the cheese ones as soon as I am able. They are soooo, incredibly good, I can't even describe how the flavors play off each other between the potato, mushroom and the slightly pan seared and sweetened thin dough wrap ::::Drool::::I am going to make all my friends go here. Its awesome and the only place I know in RVA that serves authentic Russian food albeit just some items.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/14/2014,85,143,2,6,5>First visit so this will be brief for now. The decor here is wonderful and cozy. When you are inside you would never think that this was part of a strip mall off Broad Street.  The outdoor patio is awesome for afternoon/evening dining!They have a small but nice selection of local beers available on top or bottled.  The wine list is not too overwhelming either. :) My friend and I settled on two pizzas. I have the spicy sausage and black pepper honey pizza and she got the Margarita pizza.  They have a brick over here which they also cook a few other dishes in like their crab cakes.  Really great for bringing flavor to the pizza.  The crust was a little soft in the middle, the slices drooped on me, but the flavors were awesome. Sweet and spicy balanced each other well on my pizza.  Other plates that passed by look yummy as well. I want to go back soon to try the oven baked broccoli, crab cakes and scallops.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,8/13/2014,51,183,4,5,6>Still exploring Richmond's pizza scene and finally made my way to Belmont. So glad I did! We ordered carryout one Saturday night - medium pie and cannolis. It was hot and ready on time, the service was very friendly, and most importantly, the pizza was good. The crust is a little thicker than I typically like but it had a good chew and flavor. Toppings were generous and fresh. Between the various locations and styles of pizzerias across Richmond, I've had trouble settling on which to frequent. I think Belmont has struck all the right notes though - good food, good service, good location, right price.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,8/12/2014,71,47,6,8,8>I so love this place!  I know some people (myself included) who are intimidated with wine in general, but don't let the word "wine" in the name keep you away from this gem of a place.  I seriously cannot count the number of times I've sat down at the bar on a Monday night and let the bartender pour a flight of wines based on what I tell them I like or don't like.  Everyone in the place is friendly and knowledgeable PLUS they don't make you feel like an idiot.  Huge wins for me.So then, the food.  DO NOT PASS UP THE FRIED CHICKPEAS!  I don't care if you think you hate chickpeas, you don't know chickpeas until you try these chickpeas.  I try and I try to order something different, but then I give in.  I have no idea why I even try since they are so so good.Typically we also put together a cheese plate from the ever changing selections.  Last time we tried one from each milk group, cow, sheep, and goat.  In that taste test sheep took the day.I do love sitting at the bar - they have purse hooks!  I cannot over emphasize how much this little detail means to me.  So nice to NOT have to place it on the bar or try to drape it on the stool so it doesn't hit the floor.  They do reserve the table for those who are dining and not just drinking, so be aware.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,8/11/2014,35,136,3,9,5>This restaurant opened off Huguenot Rd. (in the same plaza as Portrait Innovations and Starbucks) with very little fanfare, yet it seems quite busy. Apparently word of mouth has been enough to get people through the door. I was texting a bunch of friends after lunch to tell them they had to check it out; I am sure others have done the same.The restaurant is not huge, but it has a table service, along with takeout. The staff could not be friendlier and the whole vibe of this place is welcoming. They also have some outdoor seating if that is your preference.Now to the food...I had a Greek salad. The feta was delicious and the homemade dressing was light and fantastic. The salad comes with a side of pita and I added chicken to my order. It was a delicious light lunch.My husband got the gyro and raved about it. The hummus plate that my son ordered was reduced to smidgen of hummus left on the plate. He scarfed it down.The homemade desserts looked amazing. We brought home a piece of chocolate baklava to eat later tonight. They have wedding cookies, macaroons, and other delicious Greek treats that I won't try to spell.I am thrilled that great Greek food is right down the street!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,8/10/2014,0,4,3,9,3>I knew I was getting into something good with this market because the first time I went (which happened to be in the middle of the summer) the parking lot was full and even the on-street parallel parking was backed up a few blocks.  As I made my way to the edge of Forest Hill Park, I rounded the parking lot to see over 100 vendors!  I was also greeted by wonderful bluegrass style music by someone picking a guitar, which really added to the ambiance.  There's lots of fresh, local veggie and fruit options, cheese, yogurt, meats, and crafts (like bead necklaces, homemade candles, and soaps).  It's also a great place to get a breakfast or lunch.  There's usually falafels & hummus, bbq pork, breakfast sandwiches with sausage and biscuits, new brunswick stew, and don't forget the food trucks!!  I have to start with the best: Mrs. Yoder's Donuts, which are by far the best donuts I have ever tasted!!  There's also fresh coffee, bagels, Goatocado, and crepes.  In the winter-time, there was a vendor selling hot, spicy mulled cider- YUM!!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/10/2014,126,171,,10,3>WOW! That's the best word to describe this place! I've had Indian food at other places in RVA and this one is absolutely, hands down the best. My friend James and I went here for dinner on his suggestion and I was absolutely happy with everything! The service was fast but not intrusive, the food was hot and SOOOOO tasty, and the prices were more than fair for the quality and amount of food you get. We got the lamb appetizer dish to share, he ordered the chicken curry, and I ordered a lamb entree (I forgot the name) - all three were beautifully spiced and cooked so well, we didn't even need knives. The lamb appetizer was spicy and savory... I don't even know how to describe this dish other than AMAZING! The lamb was flavorful and moist and the mango sauce that it sat on tasted absolutely perfectly with the dish. The main courses came out a few moments after we were done and I was definitely impressed. I can't eat spicy food (like, spicy as in burning my mouth spicy) and this usually means that the food I order at restaurants like this isn't flavorful either. This was definitely NOT the case at Lehja. The curry was an amazing blend of spices and the chicken was so tender it fell apart when the fork touched it. The lamb dish was phenomenal - a beautiful blend of spices and it smelled SO good. The lamb, like the chicken, was tender and cooked to perfection. And the garlic naan and jasmine rice that was brought with the order tasted just as good with the meats and sauce as it did on it's own. I wish I could go into more detail of how everything tasted but I'm not very versed in Indian spices. All I can say is, I was very impressed with this place and I have every intention of going back again and again.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,2/9/2014,114,325,3,7,5>Went here with a fellow Yelper (Jim) who had a Living Social deal that was about to expire. The restaurant is kind of in a random location on Hull St. about a mile after crossing from the north, but it is a lot bigger on the inside than it appears from the outside. That said, there aren't a ton of seats, so it can get really busy and crowded, and there was a considerable amount of people waiting to be seated throughout our entire meal, on a Tuesday night! Clearly, business is booming.The menu is extensive. And the portions are gargantuan. I ordered a grilled fish entree and a half-order of steamed mussels, thinking I was hungry. Let me preface that I am known to be capable of eating a CONSIDERABLE amount of food. At the end of this dinner, I was super stuffed, and had lots of leftovers left for BOTH dishes. These dish portions are insane, which makes for tremendous value (don't be fooled when you originally see an entree price of $15+; it's enough for two people!). The food was definitely yummy, albeit a tad salty for me.Our waiter was great, although service was a bit slow, and we did have to wait a while for our entrees. No major complaints though.Overall, a great place for seafood/soul food! Come with an appetite and leave with enough food for another day.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/8/2014,57,54,3,6,6>I'm pretty sure that I shouldn't admit to the world how often I catch myself thinking about Jo-Jo's pizza. I was born and raised in NYC, constantly surrounded by pizza. Pizza was just pizza. Moving away from the city definitely poses a host of transitioning problems, one of which is coming to the realization that now you have to search for - high and low - pizza. In a land of mediocre at best slices and poor approximations of what pizza might taste like - there are very few gems in the rough here in Richmond. When we lived closer to it, Papa's was a solid choice. Then there is the Pizza Place on 17th and Main (which is even better than Papa's, honestly). And then there is Jo-Jo's. People - this is what pizza tastes like. This is pizza. Not only is the pizza exactly what pizza is supposed to be, the place itself FEELS like a pizza joint back home in NYC. Nearly everything about each experience I have at Jo-Jo's feels like an authentic trip back to the city.Go, eat pizza. Just do it.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,2/7/2014,85,143,2,7,3>Two meals here have provided me with the need to shout my "warm fuzzies" for Burgerworks.  I'm not a huge "burger person" I really have to be in the mood for one.  Tthough it was off to a slow start Burgerworks might be enough to make me crave a burger with more frequency. My first dining experience led me to the Blues Burger which was topped with sauteed onions, Danish blue cheese and a balsamic-port wine glaze. All the burgers, unless noted are natual 100% USDA certified black angus beef.  While it had sounded good when reading it in reality I didn't fall in love with this combo the way that I thought I would. The combination of toppings just because too rich for me by the end and I wasn't able to fisish the burger.  The parmesan fries on the other hand were the bomb dot com! My second visit had me going with an option that was a bit more on the healthy side, The Bird.  This is a turkey burger with cilantro-avocado sour cream (OMG!), shredded lettuce, tomatoes (which I opted out of) crispy tortilla strips, and pepper jack cheese.  First off, anything that has a. avocado,  b. tortilla scrips and c. cheese in it generally can't be bad and this burger hit the mark for my tastebuds.   The sour cream was not heavy on the cilantro flavor which was a relief as it can be an overpowering herb.  A few items that are due for trying on future visits: onion rings and the BBA Bison Burger.  You can also build your own burger with a multitude of meat and topping choices!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,2/6/2014,49,29,,8,5>After going to the mainstream footwear stores to look for running shoes, it was time that I had taken advice from some serious runners. Footlocker, Champs, and sadly, even Dick's Sporting Goods were not very much help in determining what were my proper needs when it came to this category. I had worked at Champs Sports years ago, and my knowledge of footwear had surpassed the part-time employees "wealth of knowledge". I wont knock those places if you're looking for some dope J's or some Air Max 95's, those are the spots to look for the latest colorways and models.But yea...I had been told to check out Road Runner in Carytown, so I took that advice. Shortly after entering the store, I was approached by a lady that asked if she could assist. I mentioned my dilemma in needing to find some good kicks to run in. She asked, so I told her my expected distances and surfaces I would run on, and next she watched me walk bare-footed in the store. She was able to tell me what style of running shoe and support would work best for my needs. I will admit, I am very particular when it comes to spending money on "wants" vs. "needs", so she brought out about 4 different styles of shoes, and 1 style she had brought out 3 different colors. Needless to say, I took my time and walked/ran throughout the store. She had to assist other people, but she did make it a point to check in on me as I was determining what shoe I wanted. After nearly 40 minutes or so, I had finally found the right shoe! Yelp even offers a 10% off check-in coupon which I had noticed once I got good GPS signal to check in! This store is a must-visit spot if you are in the market for running shoes. They take the time to assist you with your needs, and have a great deal of patience being that most shoppers are expected to try out several different models of shoes to find what meets their liking the most. After I wear out this pair, I will definitely be revisiting this store for the next pair
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,2/5/2014,125,397,19,24,15>Wow!  Talk about a thrifter's dream!  I thought that thrift stores like this didn't exist in Richmond.  Boy was I wrong!  When you browse the racks at Fan Tastic thrift, it seems like you're at a store in a much bigger city.  You find actual good stuff, which, unfortunately, is quite the rarity around here.  You will find top brands at great prices and lots of new stuff.Yes, this place is tough.  True, it's a bit cut-throat, but only the strong survive.  If you can pull through, you will find lots of gems.  I usually have the hardest time, even at thrift stores with better selection, because of my size.  Everything's usually 10, 12, and maybe 8.  I found tons of options in my size here!  I left with the most clothing I've ever left with from a single store.  I found multiple brand new items, and the rest definitely looked new.  I  even got my usual wonderful thrift store cookbook find. Yippiee!!  There is even a decent selection of accent furniture here.Just a warning, if you are not a seasoned thrifter, you will find yourself frustrated, so I will give you a helpful rundown of some thrift  store no-nos that will help you have a more successful, less frustrating visit.  Rule #1 Never, ever point or discuss something you like loudlyYou like it, you pick it up, even if you are undecided.  If you point, it will be gone as soon as you turn around.  I guarantee it!  If little Jane Doe didn't like it before, she now loves it because you just detailed aloud how great of a find it is and why.Rule #2 Wear something simple.  I recommend leggings or very close-fitting skinny jeans with a tank with shoes that can be easily removed.  Don't forget the socks, for goodness sake!  If it's cold, put an easy-to-remove sweater over your tank.  This allows you to try on things over your clothing very easily.  Ain't no fittin' room 'round here, sistah.Rule #3 Ditch the cart.  It's bulky, it's big, it's annoying.  Yes, they have them, but no, they don't fit through the aisles very well.Rule #4 Got a whiney man?  Leave him at home or send him off with the boys.  You will need time to shop this place well, and he will get antsy.  The last thing you need is an annoying buzzing in your ear about how it's time to leave after you've only looked over two aisles.  You have to check the entire store before leaving.  Got kids?  Send 'em to their aunt's house.  That's what she's there for.Rule #5 Bring one friend with you who is NOT the same size as you and who will be honest.  Something about the thrill of the chase makes you think you'll absolutely love stuff that you really won't just because it's such a great deal.Rule #6 Go early.  It gets crowded and, remember, you're trying on stuff in the aisles.  Beating the crowds is important.  Rule #7 If know you are lazy, stay at home.  Thrifting is not for the lazy.  It's for those who don't mind putting in work to find their buried treasure.  If you are too lazy to work, you'll waste your gas and your time coming here, and you'll leave empty-handed.And why is this place missing a star?  Well, no fitting rooms and super tight aisles and no returns (again, all reasons why this is not the place for newbs).  Not to mention the fact that that ol' thrift store stench is in full effect in here!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,2/4/2014,196,211,2,5,4>My first time here was two months ago. I was really impressed that VCU had a BBQ place that was really good and that was really close to campus. I had a BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich with Hush Puppies. The portions were HUGE! I think I paid around $9 or $11 for my meal. It was all worth it! It filled me up really quick. The staff is really nice. Good seating area. They have another room that was under construction when I last went here. That new room will have a bar in it. This is the second location for Bigs BBQ. There's another location in Chesterfield County on Centralia Road. If you're in the VCU area and craving for some good BBQ, definitely check out Bigs BBQ. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,2/3/2014,20,91,3,5,3>I really like their tacos from the mobile truck, so when I heard that they had a taco and pizza restaurant within a few miles of home, I had to go.The standard tacos plate of three tacos is 8 bucks. They're tasty. The combo is chicken pork and beef,  one of each.  These tacos aren't your normal taco fare. They are supercharged. One is a beef bulgogi Korean style, one is Asian cilantro chicken, and another Mexican style pork. Very satisfying together. They also serve eclectic pizzas and I am sure that I will try them soon. They have a great selection of beers and wines as well. We were there for lunch on a Tuesday and they were almost full capacity. Great spot for casual lunch or quick dinner.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,2/2/2014,8,63,3,6,3>This small restaurant is a great place to settle in for a good dinner with a good group of friends.  The restaurant can probably seat about 18 people at the tables and another eight or so at the bar.  They have three beers on tap plus a creative cocktail menu.  I just had the Blue Mountain Half Nelson, but others at my table enjoyed their cocktails with homemade cola or homemade ginger ale, as well as a tequila-based drink with muddled raspberries.The menu is on a chalkboard and consists of about six appetizers, entrees, and desserts.  You can have the three course prix fixe menu for $30 or order a la carte apps for $8, entrees for $20, and desserts for $6.  I had the crab and avocado appetizer, which was very solid but unspectacular (it seems like I'm seeing this dish more and more frequently for some reason).  My wife had the smoked salmon appetizer which was almost in a tart form and was surprisingly good because I'm usually not a fan of smoked salmon.  I had the pork loin entree with bok choy and grilled peaches.  It came with three small pieces of pork loin and one large rectangular hunk of pork belly.  The pork and peach flavors were excellent together, but the bok choy was a non-factor.  For dessert I highly recommend the silk pie.  It's like chocolate pudding on PEDs with weird, clear jello squares on the side.  Trust me, it's good.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,2/1/2014,41,140,3,9,3>Went here for Christmas Eve- this place is old school in the best way: Excellent and courteous service.Some people say is it the food that makes a restaurant? Or service and ambiance? Obviously, it's both. And Bookbinders did not disappoint! When NOT to got to Bookbinders: Casual night out. Bachelorette party. Day before your paycheck.When to go: Special Occasion. Parents come to town. Treat Yo'self.Two notes: They have some "crowd favorites" and because we aren't expecting to return anytime soon we got everything we wanted to try.Oysters Rockefeller: good, but COVERED in cheese and spinach. Oyster almost an afterthought? Cheese was more melty than broiled. Flavors excellent, however.Snapper soup: That's turtle soup, y'all. The server mentioned it tasted comparable to pot roast gravy. She was right, in a good way. Very rich, meaty tasting broth. Comes with a small pitcher of sherry to add to taste. OLD SCHOOL DETAIL!I got the filet with lobster tail, he got the filet with crab cake. 1) If you like crab cake, this is the real deal. Unfortunately, he doesn't really so it was kind of wasted on him. 2) In the words of Christopher Hitchens, Lobster is OVERRATED. The petite filet was more than enough food, perfectly seasoned and cooked. Worth it.For dessert (yes, we even wedged in dessert), we got key lime pie, which was a good standard slice of key lime pie.In my opinion, the best favorite thing that they made there, the reason I would go again, is the loaded baked potato. It was HUGE (we split it) and it was PERFECT. The drinks are kind of generic (no egg white cocktails here, exactly). I got the hot and dirty, a martini with jalepeno juice (very good), otherwise there's a lot of peach-tini's and variations of the same (all very delicious sounding). Of course the wine list is excellent.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,4/11/2014,196,211,,10,8>This is one of the best donut places that I've been to in Richmond. The store is pretty small and so is the parking lot. I've only been here once, so I'm not sure about the names of the many donuts that they have. Wonderful selection! You're bound to find a donut to fulfill your craving. I love their glazed and chocolate covered donuts. Both had the perfect amount of sweetness. Great texture! These donuts are so addicting, but then again, what donut isn't? I heard that they always have different flavors, which is pretty cool. I like the check out process. They use square at checkout. They use an iPad that is encased in wood for checkout. When its your turn to add tip and to request a receipt to be sent to you or to be printed out, they just flip over the iPad to you. Very interactive!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,4/10/2014,43,19,1,10,7>This is a great vegetarian restaurant owned by a Vietnamese couple who make everything from scratch. I came here with my vegetarian boyfriend on a freezing night, and it was perfect! I'm not vegetarian, and I thought the food was delicious! I definitely recommend the pho. The broth was extremely flavorful and the soup came with vegetarian beef, tofu, mushroom, onions and cilantro. We both loved it! We also liked the steamed veggie dumplings.A plus-- the owners are so nice. Phoenix (the wife) is the one who makes most of the food.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/9/2014,6,31,2,6,4>Mary Angela's serves up my favorite new york style pizza in Richmond. My go-to order here is a large pizza (usually pepperoni and mushroom or plain cheese if it's a meatless Friday) and a tuna sub with cheese. The crust has the perfect bite with just the right chewiness. If I was being picky - which I suppose is allowed on yelp- I would prefer a little more crispiness for the crust, but I have yet to find better within a 20 mile radius of my house. The sauce is where a lot of pies in town lose me. Sometimes it is too sweet for my liking and applied with a heavy hand, but at Mary Angela's they put just enough and it tastes a bit fresher than many others. Lastly, the toppings are standard but proportioned just right. Overall, this pizza is definitely worthy of a try. I think it will make your top 3 list as well.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,4/8/2014,1,14,5,10,3>This place is really close to my apartment. I just wish I was made of money so I could eat there everyday. The food is great and has a nice ambience plus the bartenders there make a darn good drinks. If you got the money and want a nice place for a good date night (meaning good food and good company) then I say head on over to this place. Your stomach wont be disapointed despite what your wallet tells you. If you like to try different things like I do, try the snapping turtle soup. Its good and tastes almost like a beef stew. The service is great and the dress code is well not dressy I would say but you want to wear a nice collared and pants (sorry ladies, I dont know what is the equivalent of that for your gender). I tend to err on the side of a little dressier in a place like this but if your one of those people that think its ok to go out in public wearing basically pj's..... just stay home and rethink your life. (have some pride in the way you present yourself people) So to hell with being fruggle and indulge yourself once in a while. Head on over to this place for a good meal.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,4/7/2014,120,34,3,6,5>I LOVE WPA.Before I was introduced to this corner bakery, I was not a fan of pies, especially fruit pies. But oh man, the pies here are mind blowing! So far, I have only tried the blueberry, apple caramel, buttermilk, pumpkin with butterscotch chips and chocolate pecan pie. I love that the muffins actually have texture, that the tea is not prebagged and that the whipped cream is homemade. I am more of a fluffy, light doughnut lover but if you like cakey doughnuts, they have those too (on Sundays) ! On top of everything else, the staff is warm and inviting. You HAVE to try this place. Your standard for baked goods will forever be changed.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/6/2014,28,12,6,5,4>We tried Rocoto earlier this week for the first time- my first time eating Peruvian. Everything is delicious and portions are large. I got the ceviche as my meal which was HUGE and I should have split it with someone else. My hubs got the lomos saltado with steak, in hindsight, and after tasting the others chicken, he would have gone with the chicken. He also thought it was a tad salty, but we aren't huge salt lovers...The empanadas are great, get 1 more than you expect you'll want. You can thank me later.There is no "ambiance" and they don't have alcohol so be prepared for that. But you certainly won't miss it. The food outweighs any exciting decor and feels quite authentic.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,4/5/2014,24,53,3,5,4>A most excellent restaurant! I love that RVA has places like these! The cocktails are phenomenal. Try a Rye Manhattan. The "Fried Corn", is an excellent accompaniment to aforementioned cocktail. We ate off of the appetizer menu only. Great selection. Try the Shrimp empanadas, the bone marrow, and you AIN'T LIVED unless you've had their Oxtail Sopes. (Must have a bottle of the fabulous Spanish Tempranillo). What a great spot. BTW, RVA'ers, they stay open until 2-AM, so a late night cocktail in Richmond is no longer that hard to find!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,4/4/2014,4,21,2,6,4>I feel like this review is unnecessary seeing as how everyone has already covered every delicious detail about 8 1/2 below. However, ITS THAT GOOD. And so I write mainly to help others choose what to order. So...The pizzas and the calzones are my favorite here. I would recommend 2 pizzas for 2 people, or a pizza and another dish to accompany it. And for heavens sake, get the tiramisu. Make sure to give them a little bit of time to prepare your order, especially on a Friday or Saturday night. And be prepared for difficult parking at busy times if you're driving to pick up. Happy take-outing!!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,4/3/2014,13,6,2,8,4>We've been to Grey HIll several times. In fact its almost a Friday night tradition if we are in town. Our top three items are:1. The Southern BLT - with pimento cheese, this is sure to be your new favorite sandwich2. The Crabcake - it's amazing3. Brussel Sprout Salad - this is probably my favorite side in Richmond. It feels healthy yet all the parmesan satisfies my cheese cravings. Honorable mention for the Rueben - the only bigger one in town is at Chiocca's. If there was a giant flashing bulb sign that said "Eat Here" you should do it. Plus, you can always grab beer at Once Upon a Vine while you are in the neighborhood.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/2/2014,62,150,2,5,3>I've been once before for drinks and an app (the grilled calamari) and wanted to try out the dinner entrees.  This may have been one of the best meals I've had since moving here.   We came in on Saturday night and were lucky enough to get a table upstairs.  We started with a great bottle of Chardonnay.  We ordered the pomme frites with beet horseradish mayo and a pesto mayo.  Omg delish.  For entrees the hubs got the Waterzooi, a traditional Belgium seafood dish with cream sauce and I got the Pan fried trout with lump crab.  Both were so good.  I was so glad that the fish skin on the trout was perfectly cooked.  If the entrees weren't so large I would have ordered dessert.  But that just means that I have to go back!!!!  Everything was amazing and I could eat that meal every day!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,5/29/2012,35,47,,5,3>Akida is definitely my fave sushi place in Richmond!  I generally judge my sushi experience on the spicy tuna roll - and this spicy tuna roll does not disappoint!  The seafoood always tastes fresh and I just love all of the servers there!  They are all very attentive and sweet and the food always comes out super quick!Also, they have tons of really creative, delicious rolls - I try a different one every time I go and they are all super tasty!  If you don't love this sushi - you can totally blame me, but I'm positive you will love it!!!!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,5/27/2012,37,155,1,8,4>What fun flavors! The 4 donuts I tried were awesome! Creme de Dulce with sea salt, german spice cake and german chocolate cake (my favorite of the 4), and a chocolate frosted "cutie" decorated lke a kitty with almond ears and tail. They also had vanilla iced cuties, raspberry cheesecake and PB&Jelly. I will be back for sure, especially since the location is right in the heart of Carytown, I won't be able to stay away. I only hope that they put some tables outside, as it is right now there's no invitation to stay and enjoy your donuts/coffee, so I took mine to go.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,5/26/2012,14,73,2,7,4>I have known about Grapevine for some time, but I had never eaten there.  Today, my wife was craving Italian food, and I was just plain hungry, so we decided to stop by.--Insert choir here--This was unquestionably a wonderful experience.  I say that for two main reasons.  First, the staff is attentive. We were looked after by no less than three staff members - the hostess, the bartender and our server.  Now, as this was a "lazy" Sunday, it would have been easy for the bartender and the hostess to feel that the server was more than capable of caring for us and just taking it easy.  However, that was not the case.  That, my friends, is a caring staff.Secondly, the food was food.  Good food.  Great, actually.  The food was not pretentious, packed with superfluous ingredients or unfairly priced.  I'm ashamed to admit it, but I have sadly paid more for less quality.  I mean, how often do you get seafood alfredo, and not care about the shrimp and scallops (which by the way were stars on their own) because the pasta and sauce are just so insanely good?Other than those things, the decor is nothing special, our drinks from the bar were okay (but not worth the $8 paid for them) and our server was not able to answer one of our questions.  These items were what cost them a fifth star.  In all, though, this was a positive experience.I am not a food expert, but I know what I like.  I like Grapevine.  I like it enough to go back.  I can even confidently recommend it.  My only regret is that we did not try dessert...because we were so stuffed.  This a great place, and you did not hear that through the grapevine, you heard it from me.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,5/25/2012,81,83,3,5,5>I went here a couple of weeks ago for a birthday dinner, and wow. It was a slightly pricey [compared to my very tight budget!] experience that was worth every penny.   A solid array of local beers are offered and are usually served in the beer's proprietary glassware.  The wine list seems well thought-out and accessible, but then again, I'm an idiot when it comes to wines.THE SOUP.  DANG. The one served that evening was a cream of bacon and parsnip and I want to eat that dish every day.  In fact, judging from their online updates, it seems that every soup they offer is probably just as delicious.  I would go back just to try their soup du jour inventions.I picked the butter poached salmon as my entree, which was rich without being obnoxiously heavy.  I don't recall ever having a meal that tasted so...BALANCED.  I suppose that's where the "gastro" in "gastropub" comes from...oyster mushroom, onion, salmon, pear sauce...all different tastes, all working together to taste incredible.I was very impressed with the service as well. The waiter deftly handled our table of ten without missing any beverages that needed replenishing.  The chef came out several times to personally check on all the tables in the restaurant, and even comped desserts when several of the entrees came out later than the others.  The best part? The place isn't stuffy or snooty.  It's a haute cuisine restaurant, but still a Richmond kind of establishment: low-key, unassuming, and incredibly hospitable.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,5/24/2012,78,547,2,13,4>Okay, I'm going to counter Melissa L's review after having dined there last night. Did Blowtoad blow my mind the way the hype implied it would? No. Was it a good, solid dining experience? Yes. I stopped in for dinner last night and the place was surprisingly not packed. The atmosphere is simple, relaxed and good for a casual meal. Our server was awesome! I don't know his name, but he was very knowledgeable about the beer list, making lots of good suggestions, and was prompt and friendly. In fact, I was really impressed with him, especially considering the newness.We started with mussels. These were well prepared. Nothing incredibly special, but a solid dish served with a bit of pita bread for dipping in the buttery garlic sauce. Next, we split the serrano ham and arugula pizza. This was quite tasty. Did the coal-fired oven totally change me forever? No. Was the pizza flavorful, tasty and crisp on the bottom? Yes. At like $15, the pizza was big enough for the two of us to split, and it was well prepared. You could easily make just this an affordable meal for two. For dessert, we split the creme brulee. Again, it was a pretty straightforward execution, but it was creamy and crisp on the top with a nice vanilla flavor.There are 24 beers on tap, which is awesome, along with a full cocktail list and by-the-bottle beer list. I had a light, grapefruity beer, can't remember the name, followed by a dark and stormy--my favorite mixed drink! Was so excited to see it on the menu! My dining companion had the Hardywood Mocha Belqique followed by a Founders Breakfast Stout. All solid choices. I will definitely return for great food and pretty good prices, or for a drink at the bar!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,5/23/2012,44,25,2,6,5>I wish I lived in the same neighborhood as Kuba Kuba!!My husband and I decided to try out their brunch this past Sunday. We arrived around 1:30 and there was about a 5-10 minute wait. I noticed the bar had two open seats so we grabbed those seats instead of waiting. I think we got the best seats in the house. They were right by kitchen so we saw all the different plates of food. The waitress was also the hostess so we waited a few minutes until we got our menus. I ordered the cafe con leche with sweet condensed milk. It had the perfect amount of coffee and the perfect amount of sweetness. It really reminded me of the cafe con leche I used to get back home in Miami. For my  meal I ordered the California Huevos and my husband ordered the Tortillo con Chorizo. I have never seen or had anything like the California Huevos. I devoured it... I managed to offer a bite to my husband and spared a piece of bread for him too. :) He offered me a bite of his but i refused. The California Huevos has everything but the kitchen sink... eggs, beans, tomatoes, onions, cheese, enchilado sauce, lime sour cream and bread. Oh the bread.... the bread soaked up ALL those mouth watering ingredients. The prices were very reasonable for the amount of food served. We were definitely pleased with the service, food and prices! The restaurant is not huge but the flavors make up for that!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,5/22/2012,81,225,2,4,3>This is my absolute favorite cart downtown! Fresh, made-to-order paninis that just taste delicious! My favorite panini is the Pesto Chicken--the chicken is moist and flavorful. The portions are pretty decent, as are the prices (~$7 for a panini and drink). I'd recommend asking them to switch out the chips for the pasta though because the chips are just too salty (for my taste) and are sometimes burnt. Their brownies are also to die for!I agree with Matthew, if you don't get out there early (11:30-12ish) then expect to be in a line for up to 20 minutes. And if you come too late (I think they leave around 2pm), then there aren't many options left.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,5/21/2012,49,116,3,7,5>I can't help but give 5 stars for Tio Pablo, even though today was my first visit. I heard about it at work and knew I had to rush there immediately. When I heard that the people involved with Millie's and Lulu's had opened a taqueria in the old Papa Ningo/Boom Boom Burgers location, I was curious and excited. Everything was a s good as I'd expected to be, if not better. Love the decor, very festive and colorful with Mexican folk art and fresh flowers everywhere.  The graffiti at the entrance seems just right somehow. Interior space is small but well arranged and there is wait service. There were quite a few people there at lunchtime, so word must be out.Menu is simple and straightforward: Choose taco or tostada fillings like carne asada, carnitas, chorizo, etc... ($3 each or try a "plate" of 2 with sides, for $10) and sides such as potatoes with peppers, or rice and beans, or even lime-marinated onions and peppers. I tried all of the above and it was a mouth-explosion of happiness and delight. trust me. If a mouth could see colors and light, mine was blinded. In a good way. All of the fillings I tried were meat-based, because I love meat! There must be vegetarian offerings, I'll check next time. There is also a bar with different tequilas, and no doubt awesome margaritas.  I will return soon for dinner and investigate.  I'm so happy this place is here, and so temptingly close to my office.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,5/20/2012,5,38,4,3,2>People have already sung the praises of the cinnamon swirl bread and the challah, but holy moly that stuff's good. Like, GOOD good.Their quick breads are also lovely (I'm looking at you, pumpkin). You can sample a free slice of anything. Montana Gold is the real deal. If you're willing to spend a little extra for delicious fresh bread from a nice, cozy, local bakery, then this place is for you.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,5/19/2012,136,144,2,2,2>I love The Camel.I've been to a few venues around the RVA but, more often than not, I find myself yearning for the intimacy and awesome beer selection of The Camel.  The space is perfect.  Small enough to be entwined with fellow music lovers and the band, large enough to dance or get away from the crowd if need be.It's loud, so don't come here if you don't like noise.  Last night was the first time that I tried the food, and my turkey panini was tasty with havarti, spinach & honey mustard, if not a little boring.  I got the creme brulee cheesecake, which is a combination of my two favorite desserts, but I'm not really sure where the 'creme brulee' part of the name came from -- more of a caramel coffee cheesecake.  Delicious, but I was bummed about the false advertising.They have awesome happy hour specials too, like $2.50 rail drinks & $3 drafts.  All in all, if you are hungry while here, they have food until 2am, but don't make this your dinner destination.  It's much better as your get-your-drink-&-show-on destination.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,6/25/2013,68,266,,8,3>Vegetarian/Vegan Vietnamese restaurant..?! Now there's something you don't see everyday but I was excited to check this place out.Their menu/website really talks a lot about healthier eating and providing a lot of vegetarian options at this restaurant and also ensuring that customers dont eat anything that they may be allergic to.Got the spicy deep fried mushrooms and the yellow noodles with mock duck. The fried mushrooms were lightly fried/battered and tasted great. The mushrooms still had a good bite to it which is how I like it and was dusted with salt but wasn't spicy enough for me.. I want more heat! The noodles/broth were delicious. Broth was very light and wasn't over powerful like most noodle dishes. The mock duck was... very interesting. Not sure how to really describe it but it was good, not great. Service was really attentive, but then again, I was also their only patron for dinner for the most part. I was watching some of their other waiters serve some other customers that came in right before I left and they didn't really seem to know too much about the menu i.e. giving customer suggestions and fully explaining what all the ingredients were. Definitely coming back b/c I wanted to try some of their tofu dishes as they had quite a few. This was my first vegetarian dinner in awhile and I know I am coming back for sure.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,6/24/2013,71,94,7,4,4>Made reservations for Valentine's Day here as per some recommendations from fellow Yelpers, and well, because our first few times were outstanding.  Like our previous visits, we were far from disappointed.  If you've ever eaten at Pescado's on a restaurant heavy holiday like Valentine's Day, or Mother's Day, you are probably not shocked to learn this place was filled to the gills.  And rightfully so.  You can't get this combination of cuisine, for this price, and executed so well - anywhere on this side of town.  Hell, maybe even in the entire metro area.  Prove me wrong.Like every visit beforehand, the lady and I split the conch fritters.  I can NOT get enough of these things.  Seriously.  Order them.  Thank me later.I wanted to stray off the familiar "sea food" path that I've stuck to here, and try something a bit different.  I had recalled some other reviews raving about a dish that is on the regular menu.  So, feeling adventurous with a red wine I've never had before, I decided to play the same tune with the entree.Let me lay some foundation for you kids right quick.  I went with the Horseradish Chimichurri Flank Steak.  Marinated, char grilled 10 oz. flank steak, sweet potato puree, grilled broccoli, red onion, and horseradish/parsley chimichurri.  And apparently, it is gluten free.  But, I could care less about that part.  That dish was BEYOND DELICIOUS.  If there is one vegetable I hate, (next to anything pickled), it's sweet potato.  And turning it in to something that reminds me of baby food?  No thanks.  But damn, this really blended some in-depth flavors that was making me sample each part of the dish on it's own, and sampling different flavor combinations.  This dish was a journey.  For real.  My steak was cooked to a nice medium rare, topped with sauteed onions and that spicy horseradish chimichurri.  Nestled on top of the grilled broccoli and potato puree.  The grilled broccoli was INCREDIBLE.  I know what you're thinking, "Dude, it's just grilled broccoli."  No.  You're wrong.  Apparently they magic some sort of unicorn infused vinaigrette on them because I'd order 12 ounces of just that, and be content.  Upon asking the waitress, she made a pretty vague response to it being drenched in a rosemary sauce of some sort.  Incredible.  Oh, go with the surf and turf option, too.  Some grilled shrimp added to this dish was absolutely stellar.  Glad I went off the familiar path and ordered this dish.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,6/23/2013,18,24,3,4,4>Hurray! A good Indian restaurant close to the Fan! FINALLY!We went for dinner. We were REALLY hungry. We were immediately greeted with papadam and 3 sauces.We were starving so we got an order of samosas and papri-chaat. An order of samosa's were just two samosa's. But they were large, crusty, and  with  a touch of spicy heat. Yum. Papri-chaat was a good sized bowl and so good.We each got an entree, chicken tika-masala & khumb-tl kai paneer and an order of garlic naan.  It came with the basmati rice. We both ordered medium-hot and it was exactly that. I tend to find places under spice- so next time we go back I will order medium.It was high quality aromatic yummy indian food. We had plenty of food and plenty to take home.Our server was awesome! Attentive, personable, and knowledgeable! He actually had tried a wine on the wine list.We WILL be going back! Yay Lemon!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,6/22/2013,24,16,4,3,3>Definitely a fan! Really good food, good price and great atmosphere. A small of group of us went to Richmond on Broad for lunch today. I had the roasted red pepper and gouda soup, and the pimento cheese and smoked ham sandwich. Great soup and sandwich! Others in our group had the Prosciutto, Salami and Mozzarella panini, the potato and bacon soup, and Grilled Mozzarella, Vermont Cheddar and Dill Havarti sandwich. All four of us ate for under $40.Great downtown breakfast and lunch cafe! I highly recommend!!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/21/2013,6,61,3,7,6>The most authentic Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to hands down. It's as good as the mother of my best friend's cooking. I usually order a #12 if I'm feeling under the weather or my favourite #29 with #48 as an appetizer. Their pho broth is richer than other restaurants I've tried. It's a sad day when they're closed, which happens to be the single day of the week that I crave it the most. I have thoughts of one day moving away from the area and it already makes me feel miserable for not having this gem so readily accessible in the future. Seeing this place change in terms of the diversity of clientele over the course of five years really makes me happy for the success they've gained. It's all word of mouth. This is in my top 5 favourites for sure.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,6/20/2013,135,66,5,7,4>When entering a food journey at a new (to me) restaurant, I'm never more excited than to have an experienced server who knows the menu like the back of his hand.  Our server was exactly this and guided us through an amazing meal shared with another couple.  Such. A. Good. Meal.I'll save you a little bit of time...when you arrive order the pork belly.  Before you order the drinks or before they fill your glass with water...just ask for that.  The cocktail list was enticing and the drinks we all ordered were well made, naturally.  The menu is divided into small, medium and large plates - with a medium being your traditional appetizer size.  All reasonably priced.  And the way to go about this is just share with friends.  It's not all super sharable, but you can make do.  And it's worth it to experience more of the menu.  Aside from the pork belly, the bucatini pasta and meat balls (lamb?) were delicious.  The risotto with snapper was also excellent.  We had a few more items but those were the true highlights.You'll need a reservation at this place.  It's casual, but you could be dressy and not feel awkward.  This is the type of place you could go every week and not grow tied of it.  So glad it's in RVA!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/19/2013,1,14,3,3,3>A dive bar among dive bars.I unfortunately cant speak to the quality of the food yet but I intend to come to eat very shortly. From what I saw of the food, it was generous portions and SMELLED AMAZING. I was there for the drinks and the company.Its a small joint but a lot of character. I was instantly attracted to the corner booth as a james bond fan due the awesome JB poster (i believe it was Dr. No) they had hung up. The walls are covered in old school movie posters. The service was great and friendly. Always willing to lend a helping hand when your between beers and have no idea which to choose next. Your glass is never empty (which is key in my book). The atmosphere is warm and they have trivia night!Great place to kick back and relax by yourself or with a few buddies. Cant wait to go again
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,6/18/2013,245,1116,4,23,8>This is a fantastic little casual Romanian-owned European restaurant that I fell in love with in one visit.  The husband and wife duo are the sweetest and nicest people ever, and that alone makes me want to see their little spot do well.  When I arrived, there was a man ahead of me who was buying a bunch of sarmale (cabbage leaves stuffed with rice and meat) and two HUGE loaves -- I guess they're called loaves, although they're more ball-shaped than loaf shape -- of potato bread that the owner said can stay good for a month! I got the spanakopita, stuffed portabella mushroom and apple strudel to go, all for $9.45.  Spanakopita is my favorite, and it was absolutely delicious here.  It's only $1 per triangle, but the triangles are small, so get a bunch!  For the portabella, it's stuffed with spinach, cheese and either chicken or ham.  I chose chicken, and it was amazing.  The apple strudel was also heavenly, though I probably liked the complimentary Ester cookie that they gave me while I waited a little more.Know that when you go, they only have evening hours during the week, but full hours on the weekend.  Also, it's a two person operation.  Everything is homemade and prepared right on the spot, so don't be in a rush.  Or call ahead if you want to take food to go.  There are about five tables for dining in, otherwise.  And they also serve beer and wine!I can't wait to go back and try Transylvanian sausage and Hungarian goulash!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,6/17/2013,155,34,6,10,6>Love it! This place is simple and delicious. The menu is much smaller than their sister restaurants Mama Zu and Edo Squid, but there are still plenty of awesome things to get. We started with Bluefin Tuna Carpaccio and limonatas - yum.  Don't getthe tuna as an entre though, it's VERY small. They have the same awesome bread as Edo Squid and Mama Zu too. My friend and I split the Monk Fish and Fried Artichoke and the Squid Ink Pasta with crab meat. We would have never thought to try squid ink pasta, but the waitress was super nice when we asked what it was. Heads up - it's black. The monk fish was lightley breaded and seasoned the same was as the artichokes and it was very good. The pasta was phenomenal. You must try it. We tried to order an additional entree at the end of our meal to take home to someone but they aren't doing takeout yet. They take credit cards, which is great, and the first thing I asked when I walked in. This quaint place has black and white checked floors, intricate mirrors on the wall, and a bunch of two top tables, a few four tops, and space at the bar. There was no wait when we went last night (a Saturday) but I can imagine this place is going to be crowded all the time once it gets going.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/16/2013,57,54,3,5,4>We have been to Lunch three times now. In three visits, we have not had one thing that we did not thoroughly enjoy. How often does that happen?Tips: - Like a good, spicy Bloody Mary? How about one made over tiny little perfect ice cubes, served in a mason jar style glass with a handle? Yup. Drink it up. Then have another. You can hardly find a more well-crafted Bloody Mary anywhere in RVA.- Brunch specials are amazing. The menu itself leaves nothing to be desired - it is well thought out and the flavors are fresh and delicious. But those specials - go for it. Especially if it is some type of mexican food item made for breakfast. Soo delicious.- Get the Parker Ave (BLT with avocado & Duke's mayo) on multi-grain. You will be happy, full but not weighed down. Simple and delicious. A good celebration of ingredients.- Do not expect to get a table just because you showed up for brunch. The place seats 25. Take this into account before you leave. Choose a good time and go for it. Make this a destination for brunch.- Very important : CLOSE THE DOOR BEHIND YOU. Please do not be the jerk that takes that direction (which is nicely printed on the door) as merely a suggestion. Just close the door. Going in? Push the door closed behind you. Leaving? Pull the door behind you. Just do it. The place is tiny and unless you think everyone should have to embrace the elements outside because you just don't feel like closing the door; well...just close it, okay? All in all, this place is on our short list of favorites we frequent. Check them out. The servers are great, the decor is fun, the bar is stocked and the food is fresh and good. There is nothing not to like.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,9/2/2012,207,132,2,8,6>OK. I'll admit it. I'm something of a snob when it comes to restaurants in suburban shopping centers. As in, I don't think they'll be any good.Oh, how wrong I was about THIS place!After living literally around the corner from Eurasia for over six years, I finally went there to meet someone for drinks. I wound up staying for dinner, and having one of the best meals I've had in 12 years in this very-foodie town.Shared a fried oyster app, and my dinner was one of the specials: seared duck breast. Both were absolutely top notch, with special kudos going to the duck, which was cooked exactly as I wanted it: beautifully rare. I asked if they would substitute the truffled mac'n'cheese for the mashed potatoes, which they happily did.Truffled mac'n'cheese - I mean, who (other than a vegan with gluten issues) could resist??Dessert was terrific, too - a white chocolate panacotta cheesecake and an interesting take on creme brulee.I'd give this place 5 stars ... but some snobbery remains within me. Although I'm sure the RVA suburbanites who hate to go into the city for a meal *love* having this place nearby.I do, too.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,9/1/2012,25,12,2,8,2>It was chance that we tried this.  We were about to go to another joint and saw this....looked it up on Yelp and found out it was locally and family owned.  Bingo.  Very nice atmosphere, you can eat outside or in.  Very nicely laid out.  Good food.  I had BBQ, daughter had grilled cheese and my wife had chicken tenders.  French fries were hand cut, reminded me of boardwalk fries.  All were good, plenty of sauces.  Paper plates, plastic utensils.  Paper cups.  I liked it.  Country music and blue grass playing.  Refreshing to see this type of restaurant in the area.  They support local farmers.  Try them out.  You will not be disappointed.  Only problem...and this isn't really a problem but it was a little too warm and stuffy.  Not sure if the AC was broke or what....
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/31/2012,16,82,3,7,7>To celebrate our 10th anniversary we decided to go with our instincts, and Michelle A.'s recommendation, and take the opportunity to get a little dressy and go to Lemaire.  From beginning to end we were thrilled with our experience.  So many restaurants in Richmond are so cozy and tight that you often end up meeting the people next to you.  Not so here where we had the space to feel intimate and romantic.We started with delicious cocktails and the fried green tomatoes, which were perfectly breaded and amazingly crispy.  For dinner I had the halibut and hubby had the scallops.  Both were cooked to perfection and delicately seasoned but oh-so flavorful.  We had two desserts because 1) we are adults and we can do that and 2) we wanted to prolong the experience.  We started with the cheese plate which tasty but a little underwhelming.  So many Richmond restaurants are presenting really great cheese plates right now that if you are going offer it you'd better step up your game.  Second dessert was the mint julep creme brûlée, which I still wake up in the middle of the night craving.  When we called to make our reservations the hostess asked if we were celebrating an event.  Hubby stated it was an anniversary.  Our dessert was delivered with "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate and they gave us complimentary port to go with our cheese plate.  Now that is the kind of classy move that makes them a favorite.  Here's hoping that I don't have to wait 10 years for my next visit.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,8/30/2012,55,198,,4,5>In search of an Italian restaurant with a variety of reasonably priced menu items that offers good food, I decided to check out Maldini's after reading other Yelp reviews and comparing this place to other Italian restaurants in some of my favorite parts of town.  One of the things that sold me was the 4-7 happy hour (that includes $3 rail drinks), in addition to this spot being on my side of the river!  Don't let the facade nor the location fool you.  Maldini's is pretty roomy inside and has pretty nice decor.  The servers are very friendly, attentive and willing to help with menu recommendations.  I had the Linguine scoglio, which included a mixture of steamed shellfish and a choice of red or wine sauce.  I had a vodka and tonic...it wasn't the best, but it served its purpose for a Friday night girls' dinner.  This place became busy with families, friends and couples, and everyone seemed comfortable there.  My friend and I sat there chatting for several hours after we finished our meals!  I definitely plan to come back to try other menu items and perhaps partake of the happy hour specials when I don't want to cross the river.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,8/29/2012,55,162,2,3,1>I left my heart in San Francisco and found it once again at Urban Farmhouse. I love the earthiness...organics, cool-hippy-downtown-sunny scene, large windows, and stylish bathrooms. That's right: stylish bathrooms. I'm not kidding, check them out.The obvious is this: great atmosphere, good food, awesome seating. It is crowded and the meals a bit expensive ($10 for a small sandwich), but all in all, it's got a great feel. OK for studying if not crowded. My recommendation is to go for the 1/2 sandwich + 1/2 soup or salad. The Recs:1. Coffee -- gooood.2. Grilled Cheese Sandwich -- didn't have it myself, but was told it's delish.3. Mango Turkey Sandwich -- Good, but not the best sandwich ever. Again, small.Overall, the place is organic and conducive to studying outside of meal hours. It's opened late as well and the surroundings are safe. Definitely recommended for some good afternoon reading or light studying.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,8/27/2012,6,13,5,5,5>This is flat out the best Mexican in Richmond.  Habanero's tacos are to die for.  I have had now in several formats - catered at a friend's house, from the cart, and most recently at the home location on Quioccasin.  Each time Habanero has consistently delivered.  At my latest trip, I tried the corn taco trio (my name, not theirs) and ate the al pastor (pork and pineapple), shredded beef, and beef tongue.  This was also the gold, silver, bronze ranking of the favors in my estimation.Always a fan of al pastor, this version managed to be moist and flavorful in contrast to the dryness I have experienced elsewhere.  The shredded beef was juicy and intensely flavorful, while the lengua (beef tongue) consisted of grilled chunks of delectable meat.  It's taking some soul searching to come around to the idea of eating a tongue, but this taco took me a large step forward in that journey.  Plus, it's easy to forget what 'lengua' translates to.  I'll be repeating each choice in the future.With these tacos dressed up with a little diced onion, cilantro, and green salsa (plus free red and green salsa bar to boot) - I was one happy little hombre.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,8/26/2012,61,189,6,6,4>There's no question to me that Thai Flavor deserves 5 stars! I've only delayed writing a review so I could get a good cross sampling of the menu and cement my opinion. Ya know how some restaurants have a few items that are their signature specialties but the other stuff is just meh?  I'm here to say that I've tasted nine different items across the menu sections and loved every one of them!  I am still no expert on Thai food but I know when food kicks my ass with great flavor and this is it!  Thanks to some recommendations from the Yelp community, it's been easier to learn this wonderful cuisine, and I continue to learn with each visit.For once, I'm one of those lucky people who works nearby a great restaurant so can enjoy it whenever I want for lunch (I'm still soooo jealous of you downtown Yelpers who have all those excellent food trucks to choose from.)I tried the panang curry, Lad Na, the tom kha gai, tom yum goong, guay thew tom yum gai, kanom jeeb, green curry (wow!), and others. All had me thinking about them the rest of the day -- in a good way.  Their spice levels (1 to 3 pepper icons) seems to be pretty true for me. I usually stick to 2 peppers (a.k.a. spicy) and am happy. There's something about that certain level of heat where you can't stop eating it and craving more.I've officially declared this my "Summer of Thai" as I attempt to learn all I can about this wonderful culture and its food. I probably should have chosen a less spicy cuisine for the hot summer months (my forehead tends to perspire with spicy foods-- not a good mix for Virginia's humid heat) but I'll have the cleanest pores in Glen Allen so yay!You're missing out if you don't try Thai Flavors. Please just wait until after 2pm so I'll be able to get a lunch table. :)
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/25/2012,52,41,3,2,3>I found them when they were at the old location because it was within walking distance. Man, I am thankful I did.The spot is a little hard to find, but they gave excellent directions and told me exactly where to go. The salon looks great, the perfect balance of swanky with urban rustic charm. Drew is amazing, i'm one of those people who doesn't have "cool" hair but somehow Drew tames it. They always offer wine or beer, and those massaging chairs take you to a whole different place when you're getting shampooed.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,8/24/2012,19,90,2,3,2>Boyfriend and I went here for Valentine's Day, but I'm just now sitting down to review it. (Shameful, I know.) Also, you should understand that a large portion of my gushing review may be due to the fact that it WAS Valentine's Day and I'm sickly in love with the Boyfriend.First of all, this place is beautifully lit. Seriously, the lights on the ceiling make me swoon while I walk past. Secondly, the night we were there, there wasn't  some overpriced prix fixe Valentine's menu that everyone HAD to order from. It was their regular menu with a few entree, dessert, and cocktail specials. The food was easily the best meal I've had in Richmond. We split the Moroccan spiced scallops, which were flavorful and succulent. For an entree, I had the salmon and it was perfectly cooked (I specified medium, since I'm not a fan of undercooked fish.), crispy on top, and served on a bed of deliciously roasted root vegetables. (In retrospect, I should I have also requested the dish without mushrooms.) There was also a ring of possibly the best mashed potatoes I've ever had; they were offensively creamy, with goat cheese and some green herb. Chives. Maybe they were chives. Either way, I know I have to go back soon. (Boyfriend had the ginger braised veal, which he enjoyed, while being intensely jealous of my salmon.)They shouldn't have even offered us dessert. By the end of our meal, Boyfriend and I were stuffed, both with delicious food and wonderful memories.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,8/23/2012,51,183,4,5,3>Oh Roosevelt, thank you for living up to all the hype! We took a couple of friends from out of town here on a recent Saturday night and the amazing food was all we could talk about for the rest of the night. Hubby and I shared three dishes - Pig's Head Terrine, Southern Poutine, and a beet and watermelon salad (got to have something healthy in there!) Our friends ordered the catfish sandwich (which once devoured was proclaimed the best fish sandwich ever), the rockfish special, and a simple salad which they also proclaimed to be the best little salad ever. Our guests even went so far as to ask for the recipe for the salad dressing. As for our food - the Pork Head Terrine wasn't quite what I was expecting.  It was like a cross between pork fat and pork meat, pressed into a mold, breaded, and fried. It may not sound appealing due to my lack of descriptive powers but it was! But it was the Southern Poutine that will have me coming back for more, more, more! Perfectly fried, seemingly hand cut shoestring fries covered in a salty, well seasoned ham gravy, and then topped with pimento cheese. Despite the fact that we were all cradling our full bellies and slowly slipping into blissful food comas, we mustered our appetites to try two desserts - pecan pie and the Coca-Cola cake. The pecan pie was rich, gooey, and was again, proclaimed to be the best ever. The Coca-Cola cake was the only disappointment of the evening. I've only had Coca-Cola cake once before at Jestine's Kitchen in Charleston, SC. Jestine's cake was more like a brownie, so moist it was practically wet with Coca Cola, and pretty rich. Roosevelt's version is more like cake - and cake with a lot of flour at that. It wasn't bad, just not what I was hoping for. It's hard to resist trying one of the the unusual concoctions on the cocktail menu and fortunately the bartender has the skills to back up the creative recipes.Beyond the cake, the only other complaint that I have is that I wish they were open for lunch - or better yet 24-7! And hopefully they'll be able to expand their space sometime in the near future. Basically, I just want more opportunities to eat here!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,11/24/2012,31,57,6,5,2>Out of all the Thai places in Richmond, Thai Top Ten is my favorite. If this place was a woman, I'd marry her in a heartbeat.Thai Top Ten has all the typical dishes you'd expect from any other Thai restaurants, but for me what sets this place apart is the homey feel and true Thai spicyness. The restaurant feels casual but isn't run down, the lighting is nice inside, and is a great place for students to get together in-between classes or for dinner.This restaurant has the spiciest Thai food I've ever had. I love spicy foods and to get an authentic Thai spicy food was a huge plus. To get an idea, when you order any meal Thai hot, it isn't just a meal but rather a life-changing experience. It follows like a movie: you get an introduction and the premise of the story, the plot thickens and you get gripped into the drama, the climax, and finally the happy ending (or bad ending if your body can't take the spicyness).Overall it's a nice place that I can't find any complaints about the restaurant itself. The one drawback might be the parking as you could be hunting for parking for a while.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,11/23/2012,35,123,2,2,2>When I think of good Vietnamese food, I seldom think of pairing it with good beer. This place was such a great surprise. I was skeptical about the authenticity of the food. There weren't many Asian patrons. I asked myself, "is this real Vietnamese food?" I saw the beer selection. It was out of this world. They had the beer selection that you would only find at specialty bars. I was very pleased to know that I was able to get an IPA at a Vietnamese restaurant. But I ask myself again, "is this real Vietnamese food?"  Yes. Yes it is. Delicious and authentic. Can't wait to go back.Btw, the name, Mekong, refers to the region in South Vietnam where the rivers connect to the sea.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,11/22/2012,42,131,2,5,2>I rarely give five stars.We went the other day, got there a bit early for dinner and still the place was packed.  We barely had a place to sit.The staff was very very busy and the service was outstanding.  The food was delicious and it was very reasonably priced, especially for the size of the portions.Our server even took my dish away when I was finished and boxed it up for me.  With all of those people in there and she made the time to do all that, I'm impressed.  (Usually, when i have to do this, it gets VERY messy)I will definitely come back.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,11/21/2012,160,252,3,6,3>There are no reasons why a girl should get up at 8 o'clock on a Saturday morning - except this one. I am still infatuated with this market and I can say with confidence that it is one of the best finds in the city of Richmond - if not THE best! Located at Forest Hill Park, you just could not find a more picture perfect spot to pick up the creme de la creme of groceries and goodies. I have spent entire mornings just oogling over the selections of fresh produce and more importantly - delicious food from some of the best vendors in town. Find anything from the most vibrant berries to the most beautifully scented candles, and pick up a freshly baked jalapeno-cheddar loaf, while you're at it! The two staple tents I visit most are Pizza Tonight and Mrs. Yoder's, but really every Saturday brings a new and delightful find that I always welcome! Why are you still in bed?!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,11/20/2012,34,80,2,5,3>Moshi Moshi is my go-to sushi place in RVA. They have a pretty diverse menu that caters to sushi fans and sushi newbies alike. Everything from crazy fushion rolls that have asparagus and eel sauce to your basic California roll. Two of my personal favorites are the Lion Asia and the Crouching Tiger rolls. And whenever I feel a cold coming on, I immediately place a call for a carryout order of Moshi Moshi's hot seafood soup. It tastes delish and will knock the virus right out of you! I'm a big fan of placing to-go orders with them (they almost always have the food ready within ten minutes of your call) but they also have one of the best patios in Carytown, and the service is always really great. I'm a fan!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,11/19/2012,79,79,2,5,3>I've had a ton of things from Arianna's, especially since they opened this location on Lakeside (near me!).I frequently order a large cheese pizza, as it's also in that traditional NY style that is hard to find around Richmond. Thin, chewy yet crispy crust, oven charred flavor, great pizza sauce, quality cheese and pepperonis. I can polish off an entire one alone... I mean... with friends.I love getting their steak and cheese also. It's no Mary Angela's, but I can call it a close second. Lots of flavor, not dry in the least, and very filling.I've had a couple of their pastas, and I will say that is probably the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars (other than their prices). I ordered the seafood pasta, and it was tasty, but very expensive, and the sauce lacked flavor, in my opinion. It had a fair amount of seafood, but some of it was slightly overcooked.I also really enjoy their caprese salad and bruschetta, although sometimes these are hit and miss, not seasoned properly.I also think their prices are a little high, but the food is so tasty, and I'm happy to pay extra for the convenience of delivery.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/18/2012,62,181,,7,4>Nestled in the hip shopping district of Carytown, The Byrd Theater is one of Richmonders favorite cheap date nights as well as a great local landmark to boot. Come listen to Bob Gulledge play the Byrd's Mighty Wurlitzer or just admire the architecture of the building. Parking can be found all around Carytown, but there is a small (max 20 spaces) parking garage behind the building. Stop in for amazing snacks and a great $2 movie. Just make sure to bring cash (or wait in line at their ATM)- as they are a cash only stop.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,11/17/2012,84,184,2,4,3>Contemporary Metropolitan Restaurant & BarMy friend was raving out this place and so we went for a drink. Balliceaux is impressive inside and out. From outside you can see down the front half of the restaurant through their floor to ceiling window. Inside, they have a mix of booths, tables and a small bar. My friend and I sat at the bar. The bartender really engaged us and made a special drink for my friend. Their turkey, avocado, and brie sandwich was too good to resist and came with an order of truffle fries ($12). The sandwich was buttered up, spicy, and creamy. The fries were perfectly crisp. Their house red was fine. This is a great place to get drinks with friends or dinner for two. Ambiance & Service 5/5Food 5/5, Wine 2/5Value 5/5
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,11/16/2012,814,187,3,8,4>Firstly--I'm basing this review solely on their boba tea. The boba tea smoothies here are LEGITIMATE. I'm talkin real, fresh ingredients---not any of that powder stuff you see at other boba tea shops. But let me forewarn you to BRING CASH so you don't end up an unhappy customer salivating for their smoothies or banh mi. I treated myself to a taro boba smoothie today and was amazed. It was the perfect blend of real taro, ice, and sweetness. I also very much enjoyed their boba. The boba itself was surprisingly chewy and sweet--easier to chew than boba at most places--to the point where It would never cross my mind any awkward situation where a stranger would have to perform the heimlich maneuver on me for being clumsy and choking on one... They only use fresh ingredients here, and offer your usual flavors such as mango, strawberry, and coconut, on top of some more exotic flavors such as soursop, durian, and avocado.The price was also right. 2 boba smoothies totaled $7.35 after tax. I was very happy about this because I am so used to getting jipped with powder smoothies that cost me nearly $5 a cup!This small hole-in-the-wall vietnamese bakery also offers a pretty extensive menu of banh mi (vietnamese sandwiches) as well as vietnamese desserts and baked goods. I can't wait to come back to try some of their other boba smoothies as well as their banh mi!Another thing to note is that they have very odd store hours... that meaning they don't seem to have any set store hours at all, so you have to guess. Also, there is no seating, because it's more of an order to go place. Nonetheless, I recommend this hidden gem for sure.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,11/15/2012,279,214,3,4,4>Well, we eat out as much as we eat in, especially during the summer. Belle Vie, hmmmm.  It was terrific, the vege lasagna, the curry mussels and the seafood pasta was..........oo-la-la!  Little by little, the Southside has developed some solid restaurants. This is one of them! My, what a wonderful dining experience. They were slammed tonight, Fri. And along w/ the food, I happened to observe a most fascinating lady manage the front end of the restaurant. Her name was Stephanie I asked, that's how I know. Since service is such an important aspect of dining, I was amazed how smoothly and effeciently the restaurant ran, and it was slammed. Amazing food, amazing service. Out of all my reviews I've never addressed management of a restaurant until tonight....I watched as the tables were quickly reset, water glasses refilled, food delivered/served...all the aspects that makes dining fun.. this lady was smoothly making the restaurant run customers so very welcome and, well, that's customer service. That's a fact, .......jack, ;-)?....... oo-la-la for Belle Vie. Tonight was one of the best meals I've had in Richmond, and weve been here 30 plus yrs!  Oh, that sounds so long......Chef Xavier can cook! I should get paid for this review....lol. So, I highly recommend, .......obviously,...... this Belgium-French restaurant. A wonderful dining experience tonight......oh yes, the decor........5 stars
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,7/5/2013,15,64,3,3,3>*Happy hour only review....I have to say this is one of my favorite happy hour spots for food and drinks.  From 4-6 everyday you can get 50% off appetizers/ sandwiches and from 3-7 you can get half off drinks. Great deals!  The brunch burger was surprisingly pretty nice.  Sausage meat was mixed in with the burger and threw me off at first but I really enjoyed it!  Topped with a fried egg and bacon (my two favorite toppings) made for a great burger! Combined with some fries for a total of $4.50?  Heck yea!  I also tried the buffalo oysters which were pretty solid as well.  Might turn into my go to for happy hour specials!Oh and one more thing... if you order a drink form 6-7, it's bacon hour! free bacon!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,7/4/2013,47,98,3,3,2>Went to this place just to grab a Burger..so my expectations weren't too high... But it delivered just what You would think a sports bar in Mechanicsville would... Lots of locals that seem to come there all the time, like every night lol..There are large TV screens and small screens at each table to watch the game or the news, service was fast and friendly and everyone from the host to the bartender to the waitress had big smiles!Great spot for a burger, beer and the game!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,7/3/2013,109,52,3,6,2>Okay, as stated in my Yelp nickname, I'm a picky pescatarian. So naturally that puts me in a pretty weird spot going into a seafood restaurant known for its raw bar. However, Rappahannock won me over with its diverse menu, casual-cool ambience, and fantastic service.Some friends and I made reservations for dinner on a Sunday night, and we were happily greeted and shown to our table. Our waitress was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable from the start, as she patiently answered our questions (some were raw oyster newbies) and described in detail what "bourride" was. We got started with some drinks (great beer selection, and prosecco on draft!) and some small plates: one couple tried the oyster soup which was apparently as delicious as it smelled, and we ordered several of the raw oysters as well. Though i wasn't brave enough for that yet, the feedback was quite positive.As for entrees, our table ended up with a seafood cassoulet special, two tilefish specials, the grilled shrimp dish, the rockfish brandade, and the rockfish and oyster bourride. I had the bourride, and it helped me overcome my dislike of fennel and got me to try oysters (cooked, though). Though I was not a huge fan of the oysters (the texture is not my thing), the rest of the dish was fantastic: a light, flavorful broth, thinly sliced potatoes, and sweet large chunks of rockfish served with grilled bread and a poached egg to top it all off. Reviews from the rest of the diners were glowing as well, and the presentation of all the dishes was very nice -- so nice I took pictures of them all. When we go again I'll probably get the brandade just because I had no idea that it would be a mashed-potatoes-like fish dish with bread, which is an unbeatable combo for me.After another glass of prosecco/beer each, my friends opted to split some desserts: the cobbler and the cheese plate. I tried a bite of the cobbler -- good, but nothing special. We wrapped things up, and our server brought the checks. She'd split the desserts three ways across the three couples, not realizing it was really more of a two-way split. We asked her to adjust our bills, which she gladly did, and we bid her and the friendly bartender adieu.SO: I had a lovely time at Rappahannock on all fronts. I tried new and "exotic" foods and even liked most of them! I enjoyed learning from and talking to our waitress. I paid less than $60 for three drinks and two seafood entrees. And I will definitely be headed back.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,7/2/2013,21,129,2,4,2>I'm the worst customer for not writing a review sooner. What kind of perfection do they create you ask? They create an ice cream flavor named Just Ask because you need to hear the ingredients in order to understand the perfection that it is. White chocolate ice cream with oreos and peanut butter, hungry yet? You should be. When they first introduced this ice cream it wasn't on the menu all the time. I would get very angry every time it wasn't available so I became known as the "girl who called about Just Ask." I would be embarrassed if I didn't lust after it the way I do. I did call often before venturing out there because I was always craving Just Ask. The prices are extremely fair and the ice cream (all of it) is delicious and very rich. I love this stuff, seriously. It is the BEST ice cream in Richmond without a doubt. Try it! (Don't worry Just Ask is permanently on the menu now)
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,7/1/2013,25,127,3,7,4>Brandi is now in a relationship with Pearl's Cupcake Shoppe.I just tried them the other day and have found myself going back each following day. Bad for my waistline, good for my mental health.I'm gonna have to agree with Jamie D; the aroma of this place alone is enough. You walk in and it's like you immediately know you're in for something awesome. I've made it a personal mission to try every flavor. Dream big! So far I've tried the Red Velvet, Creme Brulee, Wicked Good Sisters, Vegan Cappuccino, Vegan Peanut Butter, Gluten-free Deep Dish Apple Pie, Peanut Butter & Jelly, Chocolate Raspberry, and the Blue Moon (the guilt started weighing in as I was typing up my list....)Let's start with the basics. I loved every single flavor. Seriously. I've gone late in the day and the cupcakes are still soft and fresh as ever (unlike SOME places, who's names shall not be mentioned!!!). The icing isn't sickeningly sweet. Not overbearing but still delicious, and fluffy like you are biting in to a cloud. I mean that literally. Like if I could eat a cloud, it would be the texture of Pearl's frosting. As mentioned in practically every other review, the frosting to cake ratio is on point. You get equal amounts of both in each bite.As for favorites, I'm gonna have to go with the Blue Moon. It's basically a blueberry cupcake with goat cheese frosting. Sounds kinda like a muffin, but not at all. A muffin would weep in the presence of the Blue Moon. BOW DOWN! I definitely love the vegan and gluten-free options. All the fun of a regular cupcake but with a label on it that makes me feel like I'm not as much of a fatass as I really am. Presentation wise, the cupcakes are adorable. Not ashamed to admit that I've given each cupcake it's own photoshoot before I eat it and its family. May your deliciousness live on in infamy.The staff is crazy helpful. Of course, no one thinks to read the sign telling you what flavors are what, and the ingredients in them. That'd be TOO EASY! So instead, you ask the staff! They never seem to get impatient and are willing to answer all your dumb questions. On top of it, they're always smiling. Prices are cheaper than what I've encountered. I don't know the price off hand because I don't keep my receipts, because who needs a receipt for a cupcake? But I wanna say it's in the upper $2 range per cupcake. I don't wanna give an exact number and be wrong so I'll be sure to double check tomorrow. Yes. Tomorrow.Pearls' also offers brownies and other baked goods. There are tables lined with apothecary jars full of sweets, too.The store is quaint, with ample seating. Parking isn't a hassle either. While most of it's street parking, it's never too difficult to find a spot.Pearl's has my vote for best cuppys in Richmond.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2013,6/30/2013,79,79,2,3,2>So I had a lovely little lunch at La Parisienne today!I ordered Le Jambon-Fromage sandwich. It was not at all what I expected, but still tasty. Quality, chilled ham, little pickles, PUNGENT mustard, cheese and a thick slather of butter on a baguette. So french. The baguette and butter really made the sandwich. Honestly, I could've just eaten a baguette slathered with butter.It also comes with a large side of belgian frites. Double yum!Then, I took one of their sweet crepes back to the office. WOAH. Bananas, IMPORTED Nutella, and fresh whipped ream. Yes, I ate the entire thing alone, and no I was not ashamed.I would have lunch here again, but not regularly. Sitting around $20 for a sandwich and a dessert is a bit pricey for my wallet, but nice for a special occasion lunch.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,6/29/2013,35,136,3,6,3>We tried Belle Vie last night for the first time. We didn't have reservations and they were booked so we decided to sit at the bar instead. The bartender, Jared, was fantastic. He didn't hover over us, but always seemed to know when we needed something. Martinis are half-price until 7:00 on Saturday (bonus!). The bar area wasn't crazy loud. We were able to carry on a conversation without shouting. They also have a couple booths and side tables in the bar area if that is your preference.We ordered the half-pot of mussels in blue cheese sauce. They were fantastic. The blue cheese didn't overpower the mussels and you get a lot of mussels for an appetizer portion. We also got the cheese croquettes, which were giants balls of fried cheese, with a small salad on the side. They were pretty good, but when I return I'm getting the mussels again.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,6/28/2013,30,47,2,2,2>First impression: nice interiors and small but decent patio.  We made reservations, as was suggested, but the place didn't really start picking up until about 8pm.  We decided to sit outside, despite the traffic noise, because the weather was so perfect.Good beer list and the Bourbon Street Punch was delish.  We started out with the portobello mushrooms topped with balsamic, tomato and artichoke, as well as, the pork belly.  Both were fantastic and big enough to share.  For the main course my companion ordered the lamb special and she loved it.  I asked our server about either the chicken or quail, she advised the quail (by a small margin) and she was right.  The butter beans were perfect but I didn't care for the squash casserole...though I didn't hate it.  Even though we were both stuffed we always ask what is available for dessert and our server said the magic words.  Key Lime Pie.  No better way to end a meal.Overall I'll definitely be back.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/27/2013,62,150,3,5,2>After a long week at work, all i wanted to do was kick back and a few drinks.  We decided to his this place since I've heard great things and because nothing makes me happier than a happy hour.  We walked in at 5:45 and were seated at the last available table (SCORE!).  We started with some brews and the Scallop and Pork  Belly app.  Super delish with tart ripe mango and cliantro sauce,  but they tried to pass of a half scallop as a whole (i'm sorry but for $12 and 3 scallops I want a whole one) we complained and the brought out a whole one right away.  For entrees I got the crab mac and cheese and my partner in gluttony ordered the  pepere's pork pie.  Nothing screams out happiness to me more than seafood and mac and cheese and i was one happy girl.  His pork pie tasted like Christmas.  I decided to switch from beer to elixirs and ended up with the cranberry "daiquiri".   great drink and I had to fight to keep his hands off.  I think I might have found my happy place.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,6/26/2013,69,336,3,6,4>Being certified barbeque judges (yes, it is a real thing), DH and I are tough on barbeque restaurants.   Real barbeque is all about low, slow and smoke and most restaurants just can't do it.  But  Q  has it down pat.Q belongs to Tuffy Stone, who competes under the team name "Cool Smoke" and has been featured on BBQ Pitmasters. I had the two-meat combo with ribs and brisket.  Tuffy took first place in brisket at the 2011 KCBS championship, so I was hoping his restaurant version would be a treat (it was).   My ribs were equally delicious.   Neither needed sauce as they were plenty moist and flavorful.DH had the half-rack of ribs were a generous portion -  thick, moist and with the right amount of bite.   While DH said he likes a little more smoke, he was quite pleased with his dinner selection as well.Q has a nice selection of sides for your meal.  I enjoyed the corn pudding and the hushpuppies.  While I never met a hushpuppy I did not like, these were especially nice - light and airy, not greasy.   DH enjoyed the collard greens and onion rings.   They also have real iced tea and lemonade so I can make myself an Arnold Palmer to wash down all this deliciousness.The only thing DH and I disagreed on was the restaurant itself.   I liked it and thought the atmosphere was fresh and modern without kitsch, while DH likes to eat his barbeque in a dive.   But in any case, we look forward to going back!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,5/16/2013,33,98,4,4,4>What do you do when your girlfriend pushes and nudges you for weeks until you finally agree to host a family get-together? Well if you're me, you sure as hell don't cook for 15+ people. I had already had the traditional Christmas ham dinner three times in a matter of a week. Now I love ham, but at some point you've got to say enough is enough I want some damn BBQ. And there is no better place in RVA for BBQ than Alamo.$80 got us 3 lbs of pulled pork, 2 lbs of brisket, and 5 pint sized sides. It was all amazing and just spicy enough not to scare away the children. I felt a bit ridiculous for going catered for the first family event I've ever hosted, but it was so much better than anything I could have cooked.I got home and realized that they had forgotten to give us the cole slaw I ordered. I called them and they had no problem delivering a pint of cole slaw to the Fan. In fact, they were at my door within 15 minutes and even had a sampling of all of their incredible pies for the mistake. I went to bed eating Pecan and Peanut Butter Pie and woke up eating Key Lime. Everything in moderation including moderation people!Great service, great food, and a great way to please a large group of people.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/15/2013,40,264,2,4,3>Recently visited Tony's for the first time and had my hair cut by Erin.  She's been at the salon for over ten years and her experience shows: she did a great job cutting my hair and she did it FAST.  I walked into the building at 9 AM sharp and literally walked out ten minutes later.  The cut was perfect, exactly what I was accustomed to from expensive salons in San Diego or DC and for less than half the price.  She was also very friendly and nice to talk to.$15 for a guy's haircut is CHEAP.  It's a no-brainer.  Just go here and Erin will take good care of you.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,5/14/2013,51,183,2,5,5>My mom and I have a tradition of having dinner at a Chinese restaurant on Christmas Day. Living in NOVA, we struggled year after year to find a  restaurant that didn't have a parking lot full of buses on Christmas Day and then to eat the food at the restaurants that didn't have buses and lines out the door. I was so excited to take my mom to Peter Chang's on her birthday. It was one of those, "Look ma!! It's really good Chinese!!" moments. Even though the spiciness of much of Chang's food is too much for my mom, she still really enjoyed the meal. I've ventured a little further into the menu recently - trying a few new dishes, but I still always order the Dry Fried Eggplant and Dan Dan Noodles. I've added the pan fried dumplings to the rotation lately because they're the best I've ever had. I could eat these dumplings daily. I wish I had some now. Golden Mountain Chicken has become a family favorite as well with its paper thin strips of crispy fried chicken coated in a slightly sweet sauce. It's a nice compliment to the spicy food. Still hoping that the opening of a downtown location isn't too far in the near future but until then, I will gladly drive the 25 minutes to Short Pump to continue enjoying some of my favorite food in Richmond.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,5/13/2013,114,325,2,2,3>I had been meaning to try Mint since I kept hearing about it and saw it as a participant in Restaurant Weeks, and a Groupon offer for Mint appeared recently which gave me a good reason to finally go check it out.Mint is located at the corner of an intersection, which makes it easy to find. There is a lot of deep, dark wood on the ceilings and wall trimmings, which gave it a very ornate, Victorian feel. The walls were also artistic though with a mint green accent and wispy lines. I sat right by the window to enjoy the gorgeous day.Our waitress was super peppy and upbeat, explaining the specials of the day and just being attentive overall. She seemed to be the only waitress for the entire restaurant that day, so as more customers filed in, it must have gotten progessively more difficult to manage. Nevertheless, we still got adequate attention.A new menu had apparently just been printed this past Monday, so some things were going through transition. My dining companion and I ordered and split the Fried Chicken with Sweet Potato Waffle, Pulled Pork Collard Green Ravioli, Duck Confit Salad, and Corn and Potato Chowder. The soup was not nearly as warm as I would have liked it, and the waffle wasn't all that crispy either, but the food overall was excellent. Prices are a bit on the higher end, but expected that (hence, I came with a Groupon). I can see why this restaurant gets such good marks! It is definitely a great destination for a pleasant dining experience!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,5/12/2013,291,293,1,5,4>This restaurant has the same owner as the Boathouse [thus why the name means boathouse in Spanish--get it?]. It is tucked behind the new development near the Off the Hooka area. Walking in, the decor makes the place seem like a lounge and the vibe is very young and fresh. The restaurant was filled with people dining and hanging out at the bar.  --Crab Guacamole--This appetizer was $12 for a small bowl. There were plenty of chunky pieces of crab and they serve the guac with fresh chips in little deep fryer baskets. They leave the avocado in large pieces which I thought made it difficult to eat. I see where they were going with the avocado, but I wish they had mashed it or had diced it. Overall, I thought it was an overpriced dish. Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/casa--Empanadas--3 slow roasted pork were $12. I thought they were pretty large and stuffed with a lot of meat. The pork was very tender and the shell was light, flaky and was crispy even at the end of the meal. --Coctel de Zapoteca--This ceviche was $11 and had steamed sweet shrimp and calamari tossed with lime, orange, habañero, avocado, jicama, red onion and cilantro. It was served on top of mixed greens and was served with some of their fresh tortilla chips. The serving size was very generous. They left the items whole and I liked that because I could really taste true flavors of the fresh seafood that way. However, I felt like there was way too much squid and eventually the sliminess got to me so I couldn't finish the dish [I love squid--up to a certain amount]. I think that if they improve their squid to shrimp ratio the entire dish would have been more enjoyable.  Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/casa--Slow roasted pork tacos--They were unfortunately out of their roasted duck tacos so we tried the pork ones instead. It was $11 for 3 tacos. The tacos came out on a very industrial looking plate. The pork again was very tender and there were also pieces of grilled pineapple which tasted great. The tortillas were freshly made and tasted pretty good but the juices from the filling made them break easily. I ate these with their house made ghost pepper habenero hot sauce which was super spicy but delicious! They also had a fruitier, more tame hot sauce available. Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/casa--Service--Julian was a great server--he was knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful by making suggestions from the drink and food menus. He had to tell us that the kitchen was out of duck for the night, but he quickly started making recommendations for what else to get. I really don't like it when waiters just tell you that everything on their menu is "delicious" or "their favorite"---so it was nice that he was very honest. I was personally surprised that the service was already so good here since they just opened. One major problem I see is their location. You can't really see the restaurant and the parking may be difficult if the pay-to-park lot is full--but there is valet for $6. Their website advertised that there was free validated parking at The James Parking Deck, but that is not the case yet. My friend parked in the garage and when he asked them to validate their ticket, they told us that they were working on the parking situation. They really should take that information down until it's all figured out. Usually restaurants go through some growing pains when they first open, but I don't think that's going to be the case with Casa del Barco. It's nice to have a fun, upscale Mexican restaurant in the downtown area. Next time, I will try out one of their main entrees and dessert [they have fried ice cream!] Tip: Ask for their house made hot sauces! They paired very well with the food!Food: 3.5Value: 3.5Service: 5Overall: 4
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,5/11/2013,79,61,4,6,2>I love a good espresso, and I love that this place usually has a short line, has a pretty good selection of treats to go along with my coffee and has a nice little tucked away location right here in the heart of Shockoe. But the single-handed best thing about this place is the amount of seating. Those two tables in the back, near the kitchen/restrooms hold a special place in my heart, for it was when I was studying for my medical boards and got tired of studying in the boring hospital all day that I discovered those tables and my studying felt fun again. My only caveat is that I always seem to run into a few people that I know while I'm here, and they always happen to be the chattier of friends. So don't come here if you are planning on hiding to get some studying done!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,5/10/2013,20,13,5,9,7>I'd like to start off and say that I am quite excited to be writing this first review.  My supportive girlfriend convinced me that my foodie commentaries should be shared so that people can read about my honest opinion upon the various restaurants I visit.  As a recently converted vegetarian, I am always looking for vegetarian substitutes to satisfy those meat cravings.  Back in days as a carnivore, I used to partake in pho 3-4 times a week at various locations such as Vietnam 1, Huynh's, Pho So 1, Pho 79, and Pho Tay Do.  As a result, I would consider myself somewhat of a pho phanatic ;)I thought all hope was lost for finding a substitute for pho until I typed in "vegan" into Yelp and stumbled across Phoenix Garden.  Seeing the raving reviews for the restaurant, I HAD to try it out that day in order to fulfill that intense craving of pho.  Being a thoughtful boyfriend, I am also always looking to find new places that my vegan girlfriend and I can enjoy =P  With some subtlety, I suggested a new restaurant to visit tonight and my beautiful vegan girlfriend (trying to earn some brownie points here) agreed to accompany me to this somewhat random location on Brook Road.  Arriving at the destination, the building doesn't look like much, but the ballroom style interior was nice.  The family that owns the restaurant provided very hospitable service all throughout the meal and it was a refreshing change in service in comparison to most restaurants that serve Asian cuisine.  I asked some questions about whether the Pho was vegan (to see if my gf would be able to partake in the meal) and the elderly gentleman was very kind to confirm this.  We started off with some delicious spring rolls that contained tofu, organic carrots, and traditional spring roll ingredients served with a delicious sauce.  My partner and I agreed they tasted very fresh and different from traditional spring rolls served at Vietnamese restaurants.For the main meal, she had the Banh Mi combo meal which came with an amazing sandwich, sweet potato fries, pho soup, and vegan coleslaw.  In her words, "This sandwich scares me because it feels like I am eating meat."  I politely asked to take a bite and was actually MIND BLASTED and how this Banh Mi sandwich tasted like a 1:1 replica of a Banh Mi sandwich with meat.For myself, I had the pho which I can simply say "Dang."  I am now satisfied. I have found my new pho place.  I don't need to worry.  In the words of the owner's wife, "You come back next time."  There will be a next time.  P.S. This broth is DANK.  It has a much different flavor than a beef broth, but it's excellent and bold in flavor.  If Richmonders don't come here and let this restaurant die out, I will be upset.   I NEED a pho place. Yes this sounds selfish, but hear me out, this food is good. If you're vegetarian/vegan, come here.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/9/2013,15,25,6,9,3>Oh. Wow. This place is Pavlov's dog amazing... I am ashamed to admit that I have almost drooled in knowing that I was going to get food there that day (or even the day before).I live in Church Hill, and not being a sweet pie kind of gal, I looked at the sign on the window and thought, "meh." I did, that is, until I found out that this place was going to have savory pies. I don't know of another place in the city that offers anything in the way of savory pies, and I immediately changed my tune. I then waited not so patiently for it to open. I didn't go right after they opened actually because the lines themselves and the crowd were a bit intimidating (I wondered if I was going to have to wait forever for my food). When I couldn't take it anymore (which was a few weeks after they opened), I became a completely devoted fan in every way. First off, everyone there is friendly. The space? Not as crowded as it may appear from the outside (as people tend to hang out for a bit there), and cozy. The lighting is warm and everything looks clean. Everyone working there is awesome too-- friendly and open to answer any questions that you may have. The process of ordering food is awesome too-- you order, they get it for you warmed, fresh and ready, and you pay by using a really cool little iPad pay screen that has a swivel to make it easy (and is cute by the way-- a little Kiwi bird is on the wood frame around it). You can get a text message or email receipt, and you can even set up a tab there. The food though... I can't describe how awesome and delicious it is. I am a vegetarian (although the meat options look great too if that is your thing), and I have had most of the vegetarian pies offered. My favorites involve the lentil pies (they have a couple of options in that category), but everything that I have had there is great. You can get a vegan or buttercrust shell, both of which are crispy and taste like something that your grandma would have made and had placed on the window to cool. The soup is always vegan, but it really is for everyone, not just vegs. I had the chipotle tomato once, and it truly was the best tomato based soup that I have ever had. The best thing to me, though, which has nothing to do with pie, are the ANZAC cookies. They are like hard core drugs, and I have gone back to get "dinner" really with the cookies in mind. They are crispy and kind of more like big biscuits made with rolled oats and this magical stuff that you apparently can't get in this country called golden syrup. It's kind of like maple, but it's way better tasting. Whatever they do to create that cookie makes it not only delicious, you have dreams about it (I really have eaten an ANZAC somewhere in my dreams). Overall, this place is one of the best places to pick up food in Richmond. The amount of customers shows it-- they have had to limit the number of pies purchased to be able to serve everyone (don't worry, it's not a small number, but they have had to place a limit per customer). They recently expanded their hours to be open until 8, so those of you Church Hill folks out there who hadn't been able to go after work, you can now rejoice. Go to Proper Pie, revel in its wonder, and support a local business that definitely deserves it.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,5/8/2013,22,82,2,3,2>YUMMMM.  Love the atmosphere, great service and the FOOD - Oh. My. Goodness.  I could gain so much weight here and be quite happy doing it.Stella's Kalamari: every bite was heaven.  I'm going to have trouble trying anything else as a meal here.Feta Fourno: wait to eat it because it's HOT and so very good.The shrimp special was also amazing but we were so full from the apps that we just had a bite and had to take the rest home.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2013,5/7/2013,291,238,2,7,4>After much time on my bookmark list I finally got over to Kuba Kuba.  Showed up on Saturday around 11:00 am - I really liked how their menu stays the same until dinner time!Parking is street parking and very easy to find a spot.  The place itself was shockingly busy, but we got a table within 5 minutes which was very quick.  Once we sat down the place got even busier to the point people were waiting outside.  Their coffee was very strong, dark and delicious!  Drinks came very quickly and within 5-10 minutes our waitress was ready to take our order.  Here is where I believe I made a mistake.  I initially had a craving for Tortilla Espanola and I allowed my server to sway me towards the Huevos Rancheros.  The Huevos Rancheros comes out  all you see it a beautiful color of red, yellow and green from the salsa on top of what looked like 2-3 different types of cheese.  Right under the cheese is a fried egg that is on a bed of black beans.  On the side sticking out from the bottom are three pieces of soft and thick bread (which was amazing).  Mixing everything created a rich and creamy bite of beans, egg, cheese and salsa!  It was a very solid Huevos Rancheros and very different from any Huevos that I have had anywhere else (including when I lived in NorCal).I definitely need to come back again and order what I was craving.  I will make sure to do an update once that happens.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,11/2/2013,5,37,2,3,2>I just moved to the area and am trying to find a new favorite Thai place, and this was my first try. I will probably return, but it wasn't as good as my old favorite, so I will keep  my taste buds open.I always get red curry, and Chadar Thai's was tasty. Good portion size and spicy level. It didn't taste quite as fresh as I was used to, but close. Also, my old fav red curry had zucchini in it and, well, zucchini in curry makes my heart race... I was kind of missing that. My husband got the pad thai and was not a fan, but that's because he tends to prefer it to be a little less dry. If that's your thing though, the pad thai is probably just fine.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,11/1/2013,30,47,4,6,3>Here's the low down.  Get a reservation and go ASAP.The goodness that we savored?  Pimento croquettes (OMG), pork belly (having just been voted best in Richmond we now know why), charcuterie, hangar steak with green bean salad (licked the plate clean), and vanilla bean cheesecake.Pretty sure I can die happy...though now I have a tie for favorite RVA restaurant.  (Ps. The only reason this does not have 5 stars is that our poor waiter was rather absent minded, though friendly.  Perhaps he was new...)
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,10/31/2013,245,1116,1,6,3>If you haven't ventured to the "extreme" West End to go to the RumbleSeat, you MUST!  What a great little find!  Great American food in a lovely automotive chic :-) atmosphere at great prices.  In case you don't know, a rumble seat is that extra fold-out back seat (instead of a trunk) in old cars.  That's where the automotive chic theme comes from.  Old gas pumps, gas station signs, license plates, hubcaps and so forth adorn the space.  If it sounds gross, it's not.  Everything is sparkling clean.  It's a spacious place, and I'd guess that they hold (or would hold) private parties there, too.  It's a really huge space.Don't be in a hurry.  Service isn't slow, but it certainly isn't rushed.  Just sit back and enjoy a good meal.  The crabcakes were good (you can actually see and taste the crab), the Caesar salad was fresh and delicious, the green beans were whole and cooked perfectly al dente, and the chocolate chess pie was incredibly delicious (but oh so rich that you only need a bite or two to be satisfied).  This is Richmond's (Manakin Sabot's) best kept secret.  And my new hideout!Happy Hour 2-7 p.m. and great deals!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,10/30/2013,44,170,2,9,2>The most delicious lunch time treat EVER!So let's be honest.....I started writing this review weeks ago  (just that first line) and never came back to it.  Mostly because whenever I start thinking about it, I have to stop what i'm doing, look at my watch, and figure out if it's an acceptable time to eat crepes and/or anything period.So a coworker and myself have happily hit this place up at least every other week and we are always so happy when we leave.My favorite crepe that I've been ordering on the regular is the chicken crepe, loaded with chicken, avocado, arugula, onions, tomatoes, and this DELISH lemon grass sauce.  It's just so good, my mouth is even watering now.  See! I've done it again!  The most recent visit, I ordered the Southern Pork crepe.  It's pretty much what you would imagine but with freshly shredded cheddar cheese.  It was very tasty but I think i'll stick with my usual.They aren't open for dinner but are open for breakfast and lunch.  So take 30-45 minutes out of your day and try this place, it's worth a try! I have a feeling you'll come back for more!Take care & savor it up!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/29/2013,55,198,,4,2>After visiting really nice cigar lounges in other states, it's exciting to see one in Richmond. This lounge has plenty of space, including a bar and cushy seating in other areas. The ambiance is laid-back and sexy...especially with the musician playing jazz tunes on a Friday night. That guy (Skip Gailes) is really talented...he switched from the piano to a sax to a flute while playing background instrumentals from his Mac Book without flinching!  Mona seems to have a good variety of cigars and wines to accompany them. I like a full-bodied red with my Romeo & Julieta. The only thing I don't like is the location...nothing against Short Pump, but I wish some of what has been constructed in that area's "downtown" would be replicated in downtown Richmond...but of course that whole discussion is opening another huge can of worms.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/28/2013,41,127,2,4,2>In a complete departure from my M.O. (no, not Missouri, Grandpa Simpson), The Savory Grain should be innocent until proven guilty.  They absolutely deserve 5 stars out of the starting gate.For full disclosure here, I must state that my trips have only centered-around more of a happy hour experience.  However, we did order quite a few appetizers, so I think I can accurately deduce how their overall dining experience must be.A wonderfully brief and crisply-written set of menus will meet you at your table; pay attention to the cocktail list, as it conveys a good thought process and an eye for flavor profiles.  The menu itself seemingly changes with the availability of ingredients and the kitchen's inspiration du jour.Each service staff member encountered has been fun, attentive and knowledgeable, making the experience quite nice.Overall, I see myself heading there more often than not.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,10/27/2013,62,181,3,3,2>Are you in the Chester area looking for a great happy hour spot? This is the spot for you. What a great place to go for a quick drink with friends. This sports-bar feel restaurant has more than enough to fill your needs for happy hour after a long day. Do you smoke? They have a seperate side of the establishment for you to enjoy your brews in. And, if you don't smoke or just want to sit down and grab a bite to eat, there is a non-smoking side for you to enjoy as well. Simple basic brews on tap, but the staff will ensure you have a great time. The bartenders are super kind and will ensure your drink stays full- if you have the time to sit and enjoy more than one. Great specials on food and drinks during the week- so go check them out as they often change. Oh yes, and the food. If you do decide that sit down is more your style, go for one of their killer burgers- with more than enough cow to spare between two buns, this place is surely going to fill the hungriest of burger fans in the area. I have even heard of the grilled cheese burger- go check out the heart attack on a plate and see if you can withstand all the flavor on that plate!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,10/26/2013,34,80,2,5,3>Awesome little place tucked away in Jackson Ward! Great atmosphere (gotta love the menus made out of old books) and a great selection of drinks, as their name would imply. I happened to visit with a friend on $2 tamale night and they were delicious! We also both tried the burger, which is one of the better ones I've had in recent memory! If you are a fan of goat cheese and cilantro, this burger is for you! We had an amazing dessert too: banana nut bread with vanilla ice cream. If you get nothing else, get that! Can't wait to visit again!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,10/25/2013,15,49,2,6,3>Feel like giving yourself a treat but you don't have reservations? No problem.  Joy Nails will make room.  No reservation necessary.This is a no frills place, but it's clean, service is great and the work is good.  So to me it doesn't matter that they don't provide sparking water and pineapple. My pedicure is always done well and at a bargain price.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,10/24/2013,38,28,3,4,3>I've been to the Bikram Yoga right near Cupertino's for a while but never seem to be around when it's open. This past weekend when we needed some breakfast I knew exactly where I wanted to go try!I had the energy breakfast sandwich with egg,  cheese, tomato and lettuce. All of these reviews are right...the bagels are amazing! I have some family in NJ/NY and have had my fair share of good NY bagels, these are really authentic. I had the multigrain bagel but would love to go back and try some different flavors.My fiance had the Super Cinn which was out of this world. It was delicious bagel that had a good roll around in some cinnamon sugar and was absolutely heavenly. On top of the great food the prices are great so we'll definitely be back.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/17/2014,68,266,8,5,5>A lot of people say "it's pretty hard to mess up wings" so with that saying, most wing places are pretty average and don't really stand out. But I say, "it's even harder to make wings spectacular". I am gonna say it right now, Hurley's Tavern may have the BEST wings I have ever had, anywhere. Although they aren't really known for wings (or at least I dont think so) they should be. I got half my wings with an Old Bay Dry rub and the other half with a Rajun Cajun sauce. The wings came out piping hot and were NOT all bone and little meat. The flavor of the old bay dry rub was deliciously amazing and the Rajun was just spicy enough for me to sweat but not ask for my mommy. The wings are a must try here.The owner, Billy, is very nice and actually came to our table and asked how our food was. It's clear that they care about customer service here and want people coming back and I know I will. Our waitress (Taylor..?) was also pretty nice and checked up on us frequently. Combine excellent wings, an affordable menu with great customer service and I'll be a repeat patron for sure.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,11/16/2014,143,40,2,5,2>Caesar has now added Chile Verde to the menu.They already had great carnitas and now finally a verde sauce. It's really good! It has serrano peppers and some lime which gives it a nice twist.This is NOT the old El Paso, it is total new ownership and they really try to add creative new recipes and dishes which I really appreciate. Doesn't taste like so many other typical sit down mexican restaurants in the area.  I recommend that you find it and try it.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,11/15/2014,114,325,6,6,4>I had heard so much about this place and have been meaning to try it; finally got the chance since I was working at the VA and got dismissed at noon (I was post-call). Although it's a bit far from me living in the Bottom, it's also one of the few places in Richmond open 24 hours.La Milpa is great. It's in a random shopping center, but the restaurant has an attached market that I only briefly browsed but would love to shop more carefully. The outside of the restaurant is painted with scenery, and the inside is decorated with a traditional flair reminiscent of my travels in Central and South America. The food area in the back is small, and there are a few tables if you choose to dine-in. There were a few menu items featured on the wall, but the printed menu is fairly extensive.I ended up ordering the "make your own" combination of a-la-carte items. Pick three and you get a free "juice." The free beverage choices that day were papaya, melon, and horchata, so I picked horchata! For my three items, I ordered a pupusa, a sope, and a flauta. Since I was hungry, I also ordered menudo and flan. I had originally wanted the "soup of the day," which the menu said was caldo de res, but the server said that it wasn't available. When I switched to menudo instead, I was told when they were preparing my meal that they were out of menudo. =( I love soup and wanted soup to accompany my meal, but they were out. They ended up refunding me cash since I had already paid for my meal with credit card.The server at the cashier had okay English; she kind of fluctuated between Spanish and English. Fortunately, I know a good amount of Spanish. Most of the diners/employees were Latino, which speaks volumes for this place's authenticity.After receiving my food, I can attest to its deliciousness. Each of my a-la-carte items cost $2, and the portions were very generous. I had a good amount of food even without soup, and spent only $9-ish including the flan. I was surprised to find that they had included a small container of soup as well (basically, the scraps from the bottom of the pot, so not a full order/portion, but still a nice gesture). =)Overall, I was very pleased. People are always complaining about the lack of good Mexican food in Richmond, but La Milpa definitely delivers. Prices are low so it's a great value as well. Can't wait to come back to try more!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/14/2014,71,47,4,6,4>I love this place.  We have visited three times so far and have loved it every time.  One of the AWESOME things they do is Tuesday night $1 oysters with a wine special.  We went this past Tuesday and had a wonderful dinner.I've tried the headcheese, pickled eggs, oysters, meat and cheese plate, and pickled mackerel as starters.  I think the pickled eggs have moved up into the "must have every time" club.  Z loved them and said they reminded him of ones he had as a kid.  The headcheese is also on point.  Headcheese is one of those dishes I order and force my dining partners to try.  On our previous visit I definitely made two new converts to the cult of headcheese. I've ordered the pork chop with mushroom spatzel twice now (I have a problem) because it is JUST THAT GOOD.  The pork is moist and flavorful and the spatzel is divine!  The other time I had the Amish chicken which might just be one of the best chickens in RVA.  Unfortunately the two times the Z tried the schnitzel it was dry.  He had better luck with the tri-tip special last time and consumed almost 100% of everything on the plate.  My various dining companions just cannot stop raving about the Schupfknudln (potato dumplings)!  If I can manage to resist the call of the pork chop I have to order these.If you manage to resist the call of the pork chop you MUST order the cheese spatzel.  I am serious people, put some form of spatzel in your belly!They have a short specialty cocktail menu.  I've had the Snap Pea Sour which is delightfully refreshing on a hot day.  If you are a fan of German Beers they have a rotating selection on tap and some nice bottles.If I had one gripe it would be to ask for more variation of large plates.  I'd like to see some additional specials or seasonal options.  This in no case means I'm not going to be there on Tuesday enjoying $1 oysters, wine, and that pork chop that dreams are made of.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2014,11/13/2014,41,140,4,6,4>Amazing meal, amazing service. There's nothing like it in RVA as far as I've seen. The meals are a bit heavy but everything we had- lamb chops, filet, deviled egg with caviar, coconut cake- was mesmerizingly good. The service was flawlessly attentive and the decor ... is you have to see it to believe it. A fun, fancy, whimsical meal. We will definitely be back! RVA standard: excellent cocktails. A bit pricey but great for date night/ special occasions.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,11/12/2014,62,150,1,5,4>Just got back from a quick lunch break here with the hubs.   We have been hunting down a good Korean restaurant for lunch and after reading all the great reviews here, we had to try it out and we are so glad that we did.  I ordered the beef bulgogi and the hubs had the bipimbap with beef.   Both were delish.   They even gave us a sample of the cucumber and kimchi sides.  Normally, I am not the biggest fan of kimchi, but this one was amazing.  I love the concept of the "chiplotle" like ordering style.  Everything was really clean.  The owner is also super nice and very excited about this new business venture.  I can't wait to go back and I am so glad that this is near my job! They just need to open one in the West end!!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,11/11/2014,24,53,3,4,3>Yay! You did it! We went on a double date Friday, 10-03-14, with our friends Tony & Shannon who are also Yelpers and you impressed us. I tried a cornucopia of new tapas and was impressed. However, the MORCILLA stole the show! Do not change suppliers. Whoever makes this for you GETS IT! We enjoyed both gaspacho offerings. Although our first order of chicken croquettes arrived a bit cold in the center, you DID THE RIGHT THING. You quickly refired and comp'd the order. Our server couldn't have been more accommodating and helpful. Overall a great time and great meal. Thank you!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,11/10/2014,89,171,10,12,8>I don't eat donuts anymore since I'm trying to lose some weight and semi-diet.  Is what I would say if Sugar Shack didn't exist.  I had been to their newer location downtown a few times but this is the first time I've been to the original location, and damnit, they're delicious as ever. We ordered a half dozen donuts for my fiancee's birthday, and we got a variety including a couple strawberry glazed, an orange glazed, an M&M, a Baby Ruth, and a maple one.  Everybody that had a donut unanimously decided that they were far too delicious for their own good.  Donut Deets:- These are yeast donuts, the fluffy kind that rise.  They're not cake donuts.  They're absolutely wonderful in that they're nice and fluffy without being too bready, dense, or overly fatty.  - The donut flavors.  While there are tons and tons of them, the selection at any given time includes 10-15 flavors.  So if you see something featured in a picture, there's no guarantee that they'll have them.  I love all of their fruit frosted kinds as they have small pieces or chunks of the fruit in the glaze.  I'm sure all of the other kinds are great too, I'm just a fan of fruit flavors.- They're about $8 for a half dozen, which is a bit more than your average donut, but it's so worth it.Doughy Verdict: If you like donuts, you owe it to yourself to try either this location or Sugar Shack Coffee downtown.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,11/9/2014,392,449,7,8,7>I found out about Proper Pie Co. right before the beautiful people who work there were going on summer vacation for a MONTH. I was fortunate enough to get in there before they ventured off to New Zealand, leaving a very sad and hungry me behind.Because my eyes are bigger than my stomach, I ordered a pork and peach hand pie and a slice of key lime pie. The cashier couldn't have been nicer, and they had one of those cool little iPads that takes credit card.Everything was delicious. I had planned to eat the hand pie and save the key lime for a late afternoon snack, but I proceeded to gobble everything up and spend the rest of the day complaining about how full I was. Now that Proper Pie is back from vacation, they're going to see a lot more of me. Like them on Facebook to see what pies are available on a daily basis!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/8/2014,245,1116,3,7,8>Let me tell you about the meal I had last night!We started with the Bicycle Spring Rolls, Mini Crab Cakes and Smoked Gouda Mac & Cheese.  The mac & cheese just needed a bit of salt and pepper, but it was delicious!  The crab cakes were good, and the spring rolls were also delicious!  Both were accompanied with dipping sauces that were perfect complements.For my entrée, I got the pan seared wild salmon with broccoli and stone ground grits.  It probably wasn't the best I'd ever had, but it was still good.  I had a bite of my friend's Mosaic Signature Penne Pasta with shrimp, and it was quite tasty.  I also had a bite of his peach cobbler a la mode.  I'm not a fan of cobbler, but it was yummy.My martini was perfect.  Service was great -- they just incorporated electronic order taking via device similar to an iPad mini, so the order is placed immediately, and the bill can be settled quickly.Décor is a fresh, light green palette with Chihuly-inspired art indoors, and there is al fresco dining if you choose.Thumbs up, Mosaic!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,1/3/2013,46,100,2,37,6>Although this place just opened, and like all restaurants, needs some time to get things perfect, I really enjoyed it! It is located in the old Guadalajara, a few doors down from Buffalo Wild Wings. The restaurant has seating for about 150, plus a full bar (with some nice tequila choices). I would describe it as "Mexican Fusion" cuisine. I only had time to stop in for a few beers (they have Sol beer from Mexico), a couple appetizers, and dessert. I ordered the guacamole, which I might dare say, was the BEST guacamole I have ever had. The avocado isn't pureed, and the guacamole retains some chunks of it. They use fresh, juicy tomatoes, cilantro, red onion, salt, and a good grip of lime juice. Let me tell you, I wanted the recipe!!!! This guacamole was absolutely amazing. So amazing, in fact, I ordered more after I polished off the first cup! For dessert, I ordered flan. The BEST I have ever had! It was the perfect consistency, and had a wonderful sauce on it. Not too dry, not too wet. Very deep, complex flavors going on here. If I hadn't spent most of my money on beer, I probably would have tried one of Maya's entrees, which all look great! They definitely have some unique flavor and ingredients going on.The restaurant looked a lot better than when it was Guadalajara, and the owners were extremely nice and talkative. The service was excellent, and staff was very knowledgeable about the unique dishes the restaurant served. They said they were starting with dinner, and had the hopes of adding a lunch menu in a few weeks. Please do yourself a favor, and try this wonderful restaurant out for yourself.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,1/2/2013,44,170,6,9,3>Saturday night. Nothing to do.  (This was us a few nights ago)We got a call to join another couple at this new restaurant and I instantly said "Yes!" and said we'd meet them at 6:45.We got to the restaurant, were stunned by the artwork on the wall...it was...mesmerizing to say the least.  We were told there was about a 30-45 minutes wait which we were happy to wait.  We went to the bar and checked out one of the most impressive beer selections in Richmond.  I couldn't even count the number of kegged beer they have.  We ordered Sapporo's and began to catch up.Around 7:35ish, we were told our table was ready.  We were seated against the wall away from the bar and as packed as the place was, we were still able to hear one another.  We ordered another round of drinks and then two starters, the firecracker shrimp (DELISH) and some sort of crispy spring roll that was equally delicious but I wouldn't hesitate ordered the firecracker shrimp EVER.  They both came out quickly and we were instantly satisified.For entrees, the table ordered the: Tangerine Beef (good but not my favorite, a bit heavy on the breading), the Black Bean chicken (light and yummy), the Fei-Lone Beef (on of the best dishes I've tried in a very long time) and lastly the Golden Prawns (beautifully presented and delicious too!).While I wouldn't order the tangerine beef for myself again, I would happily take the Fei-Lone Beef any day of the week.  The dishes were beautifully presented to us and the amount of food was perfect.While we skipped dessert, we opted for a glass of sex.  A sparkling rose from Michigan (I think?) at $8/glass served from a cold keg.The sex was amazing and the dinner wasn't too bad either!Go here, mingle at the bar, order apps to share, and be prepared to have plenty of food with your friends!  I can't wait to go back.Take care & savor it up!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,1/1/2013,61,89,,4,3>This is an awesome Urban Park. I run through here (almost) every morning.  Why people do not hang out here more is one of those Richmond Mysteries to me.  In my younger days, this is the kind of place I'd bring a backpack, a blanket and my friends to spend an afternoon.  In April all the trees bloom and it is absolutely gorgeous.  Brown's Island is a great place to snap some picts of downtown Richmond and the River.  I love the ruins of the old southbound train tracks across the river and the homage to when Richmond Fell at the end of he Civil War.  You can get a place to jog, a place to chill and a history lesson all in one woefully under utilized, river side city park.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/31/2012,51,183,,3,5>We don't get to Julep's often - it's a special occasion kind of place for us. Well, special occasion and when they're offering a Living Social deal. So coupon in hand and hubby's birthday to celebrate, we made our reservation at Julep's this past Saturday night. I still love almost everything about this restaurant. I love the decor - the windows facing the street, the large Magritte or Magritte-inspired prints on the exposed brick walls, the spiral staircase leading to the upstairs dining room (where I've yet to sit BTW.) The service is polished and what you expect it to be. My only complaint is that it's really dark in the restaurant. This really hit home this past visit when my husband is straining to read the menu and I realize I can't see any color on my plate. It's a minor complaint but I want to see what I'm eating especially when I know it probably looked amazing in the light of the kitchen. Our meal started with some of the best corn bread muffins I've ever had. Warm from the oven with a great texture and slight sweetness. I always want to order every salad on the menu - the combinations are always so enticing and Julep's knows how to compose a salad. It seems like such a simple thing but salads can be tricky. This is a reason I have to get to Mint as well - to see if the salads there are as good as Julep's but in bigger portions. We both opted for the mixed greens salad with blackberries, Firefly Mountain Top Blue Cheese, radishes, pickled cucumbers, and a shallot vinaigrette. I make note of the brand of blue cheese because I have to seek out this cheese now.  It's one of the best I've had and because of that it's a great reason to list those producers on your menu. For entrees we ordered the scallops with roasted corn, potatoes, and an heirloom tomato relish. It was as good as it sounds - nicely seared scallops balanced with the creamy, well seasoned corn, and then finished with the beautiful acid from the tomato relish. I couldn't resist and ordered the shrimp & grits again. Julep's version is still one of the best I've had. Having previewed the menu before our visit we were completely prepared to order dessert. Somehow though our appetites got away with us and we found ourselves too full to do anything but order coffee, pay the bill, and slowly make our way home in a blissful daze. I think I'll make a reservation for my birthday dinner now.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,12/30/2012,114,325,2,5,3>WOW! I just came here for Sunday brunch, and it exceeded my expectations. I had heard that brunch here was quite good, but I now believe that this is one of Richmond's coolest brunch destinations and will enthusiastically recommend it to all of my friends. The restaurant itself is bright and artsy, with a gorgeous view and wall-length windows. There are fun lights on the ceiling in groups of nine, and a very modern bar area.Our server, Lauren, was fantastic. She was super helpful throughout the meal. We asked her to take a photo for us at the end of the meal, but since we wanted to take one out on the patio, she got the entrance host to take the photo for us (he's a really peppy guy by the way who was very energetic when seating us, and joked that he was the "resident photographer" when he came to take our photo). Lauren was great in that she made sure we were taken care of, even though she was too busy to take a photo.Additionally, our server took the initiative to ask whether we wanted our bill split (I guess we looked like a group of four students who might desire that), and she even gave us four pens! We had said we wanted to share the scallion biscuit appetizer for the whole table when we ordered, and she was able to enter "1/4 biscuits" onto each of our separate checks! I've never seen that done before in my life, but it certainly made splitting the cost of that particular starter a breeze! I'm surprised there was an option in the computer for a quarter of a dish. xDNow onto the food! The food here is SOOOO GOOOOOD! First off, every table in the restaurant got some complimentary raspberry bread to try! The server would count how many diners were at the table and bring out one small block for each person on the collective plate. It was very thoughtful, and a great way for their kitchen to try out new food and gauge customer reaction (it was also a great marketing move to brighten up the start of each party's meal). The bread was warm and delicious, with fresh raspberry chunks. It was not overly sweet and was lightly seasoned with powdered sugar.Instead of traditional brunch offerings, Amuse's menu offers a lot of very creative dishes using super fresh, delicious ingredients. The presentation of the dishes is also stunning. We loved the fact that the portion was just right (sometimes fancy restaurants give such small portions), and that the food wasn't too expensive despite being of such high quality.I ended up ordering a few starters as my meal, and I got the pork belly pizza plus the arugula salad and an order of the chilled watermelon soup. I also had my bite of the shared scallion biscuits. The scallion biscuits were flaky and had a great texture, and were very tasty with the spicy peach chutney they came with. I love the flavor of scallions since there is so much scallion in Chinese food. The arugula salad was great and came with pluots as well as two edible nasturtium flower bulbs! I thought the watermelon soup was very refreshing as well. The pizza used naan as the crust/dough, and came with some cobweb-like manchego cheese and squash blossom. The pork belly was scrumptious and the sauce for the pizza was mole! =) As one of my companion diners put it, this meal was "such a pleasure for my taste buds." I had an absolutely five-star experience here and will definitely be back again for Sunday brunch to enjoy the impeccable service, food, and atmosphere. Plus, I have a student membership for the VMFA, so I get free parking and 10% off my meal!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,12/29/2012,20,13,4,5,4>The Quest for the Best Pizza:Since the origin of time, I have always been searching on the journey to find the perfect pizza.  However, recently turned vegetarian, I thought this journey would come to a standstill (outside of ordering a cheese pizza).  Man...was I wrong. Went here on 12/7/2012 with my foodie partner Steven who is my joint partner in crime for finding the perfect pizza.  Tagging along as a sidekick in this adventure was our dear friend Steve.Arriving at 6:30 PM on a Friday night, I thought parking would be terrible to find and that the place would be packed.  However, kudos to Aziza's for being in a location where parking is easy to find.  The restaurant was busy but we were seated promptly which is always awesome.Let me just start off with two things I really enjoyed.  1) Our welcome into the restaurant which was very hospitable and cordial.  2) Our server Kirby (coolest name ever) was extremely friendly and gave very good recommendationsLets start with drinks:  Beer selection is somewhat limited, but what they do carry is great.  Price on beers was a little overpriced IMO, but it's Richmond, so that doesn't surprise me.Appetizers:  I started off with a White Pizza (have I mentioned I really like pizza?).  I'll say that I was thoroughly pleased.  The blend of garlic, oregano, olive oil, fontina cheese was well prepared.  The crust wasn't too thin and had enough substance that my stomach was satisfied.  Was my journey for the perfect pizza search over?  Sadly no, but I would say that this pizza place is now in my top 3.Steven got the Calamari stuffed with sausage.  The presentation of the food was almost enough to make me reconsider my choice to become a vegetarian =P  Him and Steve absolutely wrecked the hell out of that appetizer and I saw it disappear as soon as the plate hit the table.Entrees:  I can't comment on the pizzas Steve and Steven ordered, Pepperoni and Peppers/ Prosciutto and Arugula but my pizza partner Steven absolutely enjoyed both.  He preferred the Pepperoni and Pepper pizza and stated it wasn't the best pizza he ever had, but it was pretty darn close to being the best pizza in Richmond.  Steven personally thinks 8 1/2 has better pizza.I got the Margarita R.G.P. for my main meal and it was not as good as my White Pizza, but the buffalo mozarella cheese really made the pizza.  The beauty of the pizza lies in its simplicity so you can taste the tomatoes and the basil.  Highly recommend for vegetarians.Dessert:  I really wanted the Cream Puff.  However, two pizzas (Yes, I know I eat a lot and yes Kirby had a WTF look on her face when she saw that I had consumed two pizzas) was too filling.  We will meet again next time Mr. Cream Puff.Overall, definitely worth the visit if you want some RGP (Really Good Pizza). My journey continues forward to find the best pizza, but places like Azizas continue to give me hope :D
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,12/28/2012,291,293,2,4,3>I am particularly fond of thin, crispy pizzas and 8 1/2 has just that! Nestled in the Fan District and run by the same guy who owns Mamma Zu's and Edo's squid [2 other solid Italian restaurants] this take-out only spot is a Richmond gem. 8 1/2 only serves 12" pies for $8 + $1 per topping. Though the pizza is smaller and pricier compared others, the quality and the flavor make it worth it. Their red sauce is bright and tangy while their white sauce is aromatic and garlicky [and a little spicy!]. The thin layer of cheese is crispy around the edges. Their crust has a fantastic crunch and chewiness and the slightly burnt edges give a smoky flavor that rounds out the whole experience nicely. I have yet to try their other Italian offerings but those who have tell me that they are just as tasty.Tip: Do call ahead to place your order or you may have to wait 45-60min. Flavor: 4Value: 3.5Service: 4
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/27/2012,291,238,2,5,4>Finally got to get around to getting my pie on!  My wife and myself strolled by yesterday afternoon to get some pies.I ordered the Chicken and Kumara pie.  The dough was flaky, soft and was prepared fantastically.  The chicken and kumara was completely savory and made you want to grab a warm blanket to take a nap right afterwards.  My wife ordered the Spinach and Cheese.  Her assessment was no different than mine outside the fact we both quickly were marking our calendars as to the next time we are coming here.I also ordered a lemon merengue pie to go.  It took about a good hour for me to feel up to adding desert to my system.  The lemon merengue was the best I have had in Richmond.  The lemon was tart, creamy and the texture was perfect.  I loved how they also torched the top to create an illusion that the it was topped with graham crackers or something similar.  It was stellar.I would recommend giving this place a go.  Clear some room in the belly though because I think its a must to have a savory pie then a desert one afterwards.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,12/26/2012,88,97,1,3,3>I come here mainly on Thursdays when they offer $1 beef or bean tacos. There is also a DJ that plays a really rad blend of classic punk tunes with electro. A good time indeed. The pool tables and volleyball in the back is the icing on the cake at this place.  People are saying that the service could be friendly and I say to hell with them. I kinda dig the fact that they aren't chipper. Gives this establishment a more realistic character. Definitely go on Thursdays for the good tunes and cheap tacos!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,12/25/2012,264,294,3,10,4>Still not sure I get why people gripe about the service here. They're quick and efficient, and know the food. Now that Rocoto Chicken has been closed a while (moving to another location), Mamma Zu has absolutely no competition when it comes to my favorite restaurant in Richmond.Since I last reviewed them, we've been back quite a few times and had a bunch more dishes. We always order the squid, arugula, and white bean salad. Then it's a fight - so many dishes have been so absolutely amazing that sometimes we just close our eyes and point. The squid ink pasta is a big crowd favorite, the lamb shank can be cut with a spoon, the duck is ridiculously flavorful, and all of the fish are cooked perfectly.Bring a crowd so you can try as many dishes as possible. Though I love going here for date night, taking family and friends for my birthday was an unforgettable experience.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/4/2013,268,143,3,6,4>Grand opening week! Wasn't surprised to find another Vietnamese restaurant popping up around here.Pho is equivalent to crack cocaine here in good ol' Richmond. This place used to be called Far East Bistro (food wasn't up to par hence no mo' business) But I see a lot of potential for this new restaurant! I'm diggin' the: -Staff. Full of smiles and very welcoming-Vietnamese tofu sandwich (banh mi) -Fresh dripped iced Vietnamese coffee (good condensed milk/coffee ratio)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,8/3/2013,49,116,3,5,5>Wow - the food is amazing. I'll get right to the point. You can't go wrong with authentic Middle Eastern dishes here...Hummus, falafel, baba ghanoush, shwarma, gyros.. you name it. It's the real deal, and they make their own bread to order so it comes to your table fresh and hot. Just had the best baba ghanoush here. One of my favorite dishes, so I'm pretty picky - and they turned it out perfectly. Start with that or hummus with the great bread as an appetizer, then get a sandwich or kabobs - you will NOT need any french fries as the meals are filling 9and the fries are not worth the calories).Plus - everything is inexpensive. Our sandwiches were amazing and under $5! I'd give this place five stars, easily, if it weren't for the atmosphere. It can be very quiet inside if there aren't a lot of other diners. Some music would be a great way to make me forget about the awkward silence. Anyway - the food ROCKS, and would be a great option for take-out if you are in the area. Heck, it's even worth a drive from across town.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,8/2/2013,33,73,,7,4>I've been craving a burger since someone stated that In & Out had the best burgers (I shot back and said they were overrated).  So, on an attempt to try a new locally owned burger joint, we decided to check out Burgerworks.  It was in our "passport" so we thought why not!We both decided to try it "their way" with a S.O.B. (Me) and BBQ Bison Burger (husband) and because it was Friday, a side of parmesan fries and fried pickles.  I have to say, I LOVED my burger.  The guac was delicious (housemade!) and the tortillas strips gave it an unexpected crunch that I'm kind of in love with.  I remembered putting chips on my sandwiches as a kid and this was just like that, but better!  It's definitely a spicy burger with the sliced jalapenos, but I LOVED it!  I also had to try a bite of the BBQ Bison Burger.  My husband likes the taste of bison, but for what it's worth, I like my meat with a little more fat, but a great alternative if you want the "red meat" taste without the fat the comes with a normal burger.  Their BBQ sauce was surprisingly sweet and went well with the bacon and white cheddar!Now, the sides.  I could've been happy with just the sides!  The dill pickles were thickly sliced, thinly battered, and served with a side of their chipotle ranch.  Because of the thickness of the pickle, it stood up and remained crispier than any fried pickle chip I've had before.  The chipotle ranch was actually a sweet southwest flavor and went great with the pickles.  And the parmesan fries -- yum!  The basket was bigger than we expected so we ended up leaving almost half there!  It's a nice alternative to the regular fries, so we were pleased but will know better to only order the pickles or the fries when we come back!For the overall experience, they were very good to check and see how things were going and even delivered our sides out early as we waited for our burgers which was a nice touch!  It was a little more pricey than expected, but we were pleased with our experience and will definitely be back!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,8/1/2013,71,47,3,5,4>So I didn't want to cook last week (shocker!) and convinced the hubs we need to try out the new sushi place right by our house.  It's in the old Sensi location and they've made some tweaks to the layout.  The mesh curtain that was used to cut the room in half when it wasn't full now curves along the bar area to separate it from the dining area.  The back wall is the sushi bar.  I didn't notice where it was until after we were in a booth - but that's where I'll be heading next visit.We started with sashimi and ordered uni (a huge portion for $7.50) and then mackerel and red clam.  Each order is only two pieces for your $4.50-$4.75, so it feels a little dear.  However flavors were freah and on point so no complaints on that.  Next time I may swing by Sumo Sam for sashimi before hitting Haiku.The rolls are where they REALLY shine!  Oh my goodness! We had the Spider Roll, the Forest City Roll, and the Volcano Roll.  The Forest City Roll had lobster people!  You know how I feel about lobster!  Seriously big pieces of tempura lobster sticking out of the roll.  In case you are thinking, how would I eat that? I ate it with my hands.  You're welcome.I had a Bell's Two Hearted which seems to be my sushi go to beer from a really well curated beer list.  We will definitely be back here  so I can get my Forest City Roll on.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,7/31/2013,53,71,2,5,2>Was searching on yelp for a place that would delivery and came across this gem!  Took a look at there online menu and was delighted to see so many options.   The online order was easy and comprehensible, and my order was delivered within 15 minutes.  The delivery guy was super friendly, and seemed to enjoy his job (as we all know most pizza delivery people don't). The pizza was surprising light, not at all greasy or imbalanced.  I ordered a NY Style pizza with chicken, onion, and garlic.  They were very liberal with the toppings, but not to the point of being to over whelming, and the cheese was definitely right, no need for extra.  Over all I will be ordering from them again!  Perhaps I will get adventurous and try other menu items.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,7/30/2013,61,189,3,4,5>Even though I was only fifty feet from the car-filled Midlothian Turnpike, for about an hour last Tuesday afternoon I felt like I was in the Caribbean.  Great music playing in the background, the smell of delicious cooking spices in the air and island service where they call you "friend" or by your name once they know you,  I was taken by Carena's Jamaican Grill.I've been here a couple of times before but this was the first since they completely rebuilt from the ground up, and my first time dining in. The inside is bright and colorful, with a welcoming bar as soon as you walk in (great happy hour, by the way!)  I was originally going to just grab take-out from their designated take-out door but changed my mind and walked into the restaurant.  The regular restaurant menu has many more options than the take-out menu so I took a few extra minutes to view it all. I ordered the pumpkin soup and the combo (pick two meats) with oxtail and jerk roast pork. I've never had oxtail before but have been anxious to try it. It was soooooo good!  The meat of the oxtail was fall-off-the-bone tender and its sauce had a great spice level (not hot but flavorful), like it had all cooked for hours. For those who haven't had it, it is very similar to short-ribs in texture. The roast jerk pork was also tasty but tasted more like sliced pork with a spicier bbq sauce than traditional jerk spices. My dinner included the traditional rice and peas with stewed cabbage, perfect mates to the spicier meats.  The table service was very friendly and attentive. She offered me dessert but I was stuffed so will plan better next visit. I like Carena's and only wish I'd come more often before now.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,7/29/2013,119,447,3,4,3>Visited Tastebuds again this weekend after a trip to the VMFA to see the Chihuly exhibit. We had my grandmother with us who is wheelchair bound, so we needed a place accessible to her and this place popped into my head since we had such a good time here Mother's Day.Made a reservation for 5:00pm. The restaurant opens at 5 on Sunday so we probably didn't need one, but what the heck. Better safe than sorry. Two of the five in our party (Jamal B. and I) arrived early and were seated immediately. They knew my name once I mentioned I had a reservation, so that was nice. The rest of our party arrived shortly after and we easily had the extra chair removed and moved my grandmother's wheelchair to our table.Started with a bottle of malbec and three appetizers: the tapanade, cheese torte (today's was cheddar and onion), and the duck spring rolls. Music was playing in the background just loud enough to notice, but once we started out conversation we forgot it was playing. Right before the small plates came out, we were brought some bread. It was good, crusty bread, and had we not ordered appetizers would have been nice to hold us over until our meal. But instead we ate the bread, knowing very well we were being brought appetizers and entrees later (I know, I know).The tapanade was standard, the cheese torte was rich and creamy and had bits of onion in it. Very good and a good starter if you've got between two to four people trying to share an appetizer. I skipped the spring rolls because I'm allergic to the pear sauce (weird, I know) but my party was happy to tell me that I was "definitely missing out". Our waitress noticed we had a little extra of the cheese left and nothing to put it on, so she brought out some extra crostini for us so we could finish everything off.Three of our party ordered the specials: two mushroom risotto and one seafood paella. Another got the burger and I got the shrimp and sirloin skewers. A small dish was brought out to keep the used seafood shells, which I thought was a nice touch. I had some of the risotto as well as the brussels sprouts that came with it. It was fan-freaking-tastic. It was creamy, rich, and cooked perfectly. And the brussel sprouts were good as well. If the sprouts had always been cooked this way, I'm sure they never would have received the reputation that they have now. My shrimp and sirloin skewers were very good. And the rice came wrapped in a spring roll wrapper, so it was creative and gave a nice textured crunch to what would have been just plain rice. And we also got carrot cake and bread pudding. Because why not, let's go all out. I didn't think that I liked carrot cake, but apparently I was wrong because I enjoyed the slice I had here. And the bread pudding, this time it was some mixture of orange and I think caramel? was delicious. Worth the indulgence. I'll definitely be back. This place continues to impress me with the food and the service.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/8/2013,7/28/2013,43,83,,4,2>I went her for a pho girl's night! The restaurant itself is creatively decorated. (the murals are very entertaining). We went right around 7pm so it was pretty crowded when we first got there. We waited for someone to come take our drink order but it wasn't happening so we had to go ask for one of the 2 people working to get our drink (and by that point, food order).  The food came out in a timely fashion once ordered and did not disappoint. I ordered the large brisket pho thinking I would have plenty to take home. I was very wrong. The food was so good that I couldn't help but eat all of it! MUST BRING CASH! This place only takes cash so make sure you have some when you eat here. The staff was super friendly but since there were only 2 of them, we spent a lot of time waiting which made me give it 3 stars.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,7/27/2013,15,205,,4,2>The recent renovations have left the place looking a bit more modern- or at least less traditional- and very open and pleasant. The Wednesday buffet is definitely worth the price- a solid offering of vegetarian and meat entrees plus a salad bar and two different types of appetizer with two desserts on a small side table at the end. The service was friendly and solicitous and a woman I suspect to be the owner or at least manager was very eager for opinions and suggestions.The food... was good. My brother was quite pleased and I'll admit to eating more than I should have- Cursed Buffets! *shakes fist*- but it lacked a certain zing that I associate with Indian food and I miss that. I have been duly admonished to return and order a la carte on a different evening so that the kitchen can spice my food to my taste instead of having to churn out tame dishes for the masses, however, and promised that if I ask in the future, dishes of 'hot red sauce' can be provided to jazz up the buffet fare as well, so I will certainly go back to give them another chance.And, of course, to order the kulfi and the carrot halwa. I've missed the stuff terribly and am thoroughly excited to see it on the menu again, but it didn't make sense to order extra dessert when there was kheer and gulab jamun already available.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,7/26/2013,55,162,,5,3>A food-lover's dream filled with mind-blowing food and a chance to get fancy-shmancy for Restaurant Week. $25 prix fixe menu with 3 courses and 4 options per course: appetizer, main, dessert. Each course had a suggested wine pairing should you choose to buy bottle service (half-price). - Appetizer: Gnocchi with shrimp. Three pieces each, on a small plate. The gnocchi was made perfectly with some greens infused into it along with the slightest hint of shrimp. Grilled shrimp was perfect.- Main: Pork tenderloin + housemade sausage on a bed of sweet potatoes, roasted apples, greens and a delicious smokey sauce. Two large pieces of each type of meat that were cooked to perfection; my favorite was the succulent tenderloin. A fairly large plate that blew me away with its flavors.- Dessert: Passionfruit panna cotta + cactus pear sorbet. Ah-May-Zing. The sweet panna cotta was just oh-so-perfect. And the sorbet? I can still taste it. Yumms. Too bad it was kinda melted (see **).Overall:Parking - plenty along the restaurant's street itself. Try a couple blocks east of the restaurant. Valet service available. Excellent setting - a bit dressy (aka blouse+skirt/pants; no jeans). Great service, **except...towards the end when we were hastily kicked out of our table and told that we had to take our desserts to go without utensils (they did not have any to go), all for the sake of accommodating the next patrons 15min before their reservation time. Sure, that's understandable (we were a bit late upon arrival) nor would we want to keep others waiting, but to kick us out with 15min left to go and no warning at all (nor apologies) and to send us away with desserts that were already melting (remember, sorbet), was quite an unpleasant surprise. Essentially we were left to wander various stores in search of plastic utensils to devour our temperature-sensitive desserts with. 4 stars--I couldn't bear to remove another one given the food. However, a restaurant should exercise due diligence in the art of asking patrons to leave or hurry. In the end, we're all paying customers.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,1/1/2014,14,184,,8,6>I'm letting my friends here on a little secret. One of my sick pleasures in life is visiting cemeteries, especially those that are old and filled with gems of headstones, mixed in with some history. I've been to a number of countries, always managing to find time to visit at least one during my time there. While Hollywood is not among the oldest I've visited, it does have plenty of history and beautiful (and unique) headstones, placed in a setting that even God would love. It's hilly, tree filled setting on the banks of the James River make it a spectacular and peaceful way to spend a nice Fall afternoon, away from the madness of everyday life. As such, I will return, but without the mask of secrecy that once was mine.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,12/31/2013,36,193,2,5,2>Looking for a romantic date, non-romantic date, or a girls' night?  Or maybe you're someone who would rather eat a wide variety of foods for dinner rather than stick to a single entree?  Or perhaps you want a snack and a drink with friends after work.  If you're looking for any of the above, C'est Le Vin is the place for you.We ordered a few small plates at a time, and managed to make a meal out of a variety of appetizer, sides, and main dish type small plates.  The stuffed peppers had the perfect ratio of creamy filling to spicy pepper, and the smashed potatoes had a surprising, yet satisfying spicy kick.  The asparagus-brie combination wasn't my favorite, but was a nice complement to the meatballs, and chicken empanadas.I'm only giving C'est Le Vin 4 stars because the seating was a little uncomfortable, and really belongs in a diner or cafeteria.  Additionally, when they say small plates, they really do mean small.  The size was definitely smaller than expected, and none of the small plates could be shared by more than 2 people.  But overall, the wine was great, service was friendly and prompt, and we had a fun evening.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,12/30/2013,17,9,5,8,6>Just my kind of personal, experienced independent bike shop. The owner and all the staff are super helpful, easy to talk to and have none of the usual "too-cool-for-you" bike person attitude. Its refreshing. I've had two custom bikes built here and tons of excellent service and recommendations.One time my handlebar broke in half (yikes) on my way to work so I stopped in and the owner gave me a used one on the spot. Stand-up guy.Another time my bike got stolen and the owner actually saw it at a party and made the dude bring it to the shop and give it back to me. Come one, that's like the best thing ever. That's like bike super hero level.Overall, just go here.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,12/29/2013,20,52,2,4,3>I'm so glad I was referred by a coworker. It's easy to miss at the top of Carytown but do not miss it! Everyone there is very friendly. Kathleen is great for facials, she explains everything she's doing and gives honest opinions on what's best for you. She's lovely.Mya is wonderful for hair. She's laid back and does not tell you what you want to hear, she's honest when it comes to what will work for your hair, she'll steer you in the right direction!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,12/28/2013,12,30,2,7,6>This place is so cute! I want some of the furniture in my apartment! I went and got my hair cut and colored by Nadia and needless to say she did an awesome job. I NEVER let people touch my hair because I have had some horrible experiences with cuts in the past. Nadia did not take too much off and she made my layers look awesome. I went in wanting some highlight but she suggested more of an hombre look to blend in with some color I already had. The final product turned out awesome!I gave this place 4 stars because the prices are a little steep, but this is definitely waaaaaaaay better than your $20 super cuts hair cut. Also the customer service here is awesome. Nadia asked me what i liked and wanted, and gineuwinely cared about how i wanted my hair to look. I will be going back here next time im in need of a cut and color.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,12/27/2013,9,84,4,5,4>This is the kind of world I want to live in.This store is really outrageous and full of bizarre and unique things that blow your mind and keep you creeping through every aisle. It's a toy store that looks like Hunter S Thompson designed when he took too much 'mirth.' I've been here a dozen times and usually come out with something I didn't know existed, so I obviously had to buy it.I was in here last week and I wanted to buy the whole store. They had all kinds of fan fare from Star Trek to Adventure Time- Astronomical! The staff was very helpful and there was never a dull moment. I almost didn't go in because I had my small dog with me, but they let me carry him in which was really accommodating. There were a million perfect gifts there, and I don't ever think there's that much merchandise.Go here and buy the weirdest thing that exists only after a visit.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/26/2013,46,109,5,9,5>So you've seen a movie recently and you didn't quite get the full picture the first time, or you had to visit the necessary at a crucial, plot turning moment.  You don't want to hash out another 12 bucks to see it again, and you'll probably miss the power of the scene on your 32 inch flat screen, plus you don't want to wait another month and a half for the bluray.  What to do?  I know!  See it again...at the Byrd!!At first thought, what's the point?  Well, the price is the point, $1.99 (yes, cash only) for a ticket.  The seats have seen better days, but you can jockey with lifers for the best ones, about half-way down the theatre on the aisles, or just join the masses looking for the full immersive experience up front.  For some reason, the sound and picture are very close to what you'll get at the new multiplexes, and this time, the sticker shock wont bother you too much.  Plus, you can make up the difference on some tasty snacks served by flappers with an attitude at the snack bar!  With kids, without kids, either way, you'll make friends and have a good time.  If you have company in town, check them out on Saturday night for the mighty Wurlitzer organ played by Bob Gulledge before the movie.  Worth $1.99 alone.  So don't go if you expect to be alone in your thoughts when watching an art house classic, but go if you don't mind a less-than-comfortable posterior and a last chance to see that blockbuster from a month and a half ago before the actors are stuck in that box above your fireplace.Five stars simply because there is nothing else like it left on Earth....at least in the RVA!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,12/25/2013,84,184,2,5,4>The Right Direction for Broad St. and Downtown RVALift is one of the few coffee shops between Belvedere and 14th St, serving as a rare gathering place in relatively underserved area. It's one I can walk to, which makes a big difference. The space is small, and given the popularity of the place, seating can be a bit cramped. The Wifi speeds fluctuated during the couple hours I was there, but was useable. I like the colorful boards and warm menu options. You can't really get a full meal at Starbucks. I had been eyeing the paninis and the chalkboard recommended the turkey, brie, and apple panini. I was pleasantly surprised that the sandwich came with a side, further delighted by the choice of yogurt and granola. They use Square for checkout, so I once I swipe my card, they can email me a receipt. Pretty nifty. I may try out Square Wallet if I ever remember to. FoodI must admit I love brie in sandwiches (yelp.com/user_details_re). The brie in this panini had oozed into the bread. The turkey was moist unlike the many I've had in the past that were either dry or slathered with mayo. The thinly sliced apples were a pleasant crunch and provided just a touch of sweet. I should not understate how well executed the bread was: evenly crisp, with golden lines (not burnt). It was enjoyable until the last bite.  The yogurt served was a good low fat vanilla yogurt (Stonyfield Farms?) with granola.ValueI was a bit surprised when my bill came out to $10+ for just the panini. I feel like $7-8 is the sweet spot for sandwiches. If you just want a sandwich, Nick's International Deli is just a couple blocks down, so clearly the extra 25% is paying for something else. The closest comparable stores are Panera and Urban Farmhouse. At Panera, you get something that's a little cheaper (~$8), more space, but it doesn't quite have the feeling that a person thought about the meal that they prepared for you. Urban Farmhouse has similar prices too.At this point, I think the premium I paid is to make a statement that I want to see a bustling downtown RVA and to show people there is money to be made in starting a business on Broad St. I think that's worth paying for. Ambiance and Service 4Food 5Value 4
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/24/2013,3130,648,3,8,7>I visited Blue Bee Cider brewery a month ago for their tour and tasting room. Blue Bee Cider tour was interesting. It's cool to see the process in which Blue Bee Cider is made. Our tour guide was one of the owners of the brewery. She did a good job explaining the process of the cider. After the tour you're able to sample two ciders in the tasting room. One of the ciders is semi sweet (Aragon 1904) and the other is more sour (Charred Ordinary). I like both but the sweet cider was my favorite. This brewery is locally owned. I purchased a bottle of Aragon 1904 & Charred Ordinary to take home. The brewery is tucked away, so it's easy to miss the building. Yelp navigation will lead you to the building if you're confused. Blue Bee Cider brewery was a cool experience.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,12/23/2013,5,23,3,6,3>I walked into the Lair for some grub and was immediately blown away by the atmosphere. One of the cooler concepts I've seen, they basically took a traditional Richmond house and tricked it out into a restaurant, art gallery, and event/dance space. Unfortunately they do not yet have a liquor license but when they do, I see a lot of cool things going on here.The food is great and at a great price. I have ate tacos twice here now and been satisfied both times. The homemade apple pie is to die for. Presentation is great as well, they served my girlfriend creamer for her coffee in a little teapot. I cannot wait til they get their liquor license, this place has a good future ahead of itself.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,5/26/2013,10,91,2,5,3>I've been here twice and both times were very enjoyable.  Yes, the prices are a tad more expensive, but the quality of the food is a step above your average bar.  They also offer a pretty decent beer selection considering the size of this place.  Only have about 8 tables, but that's what makes this place so cozy. I recommend the buffalo nickel shrimp, which is served on top of bacon blue-cheese grits (amazing).
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,5/25/2013,8,51,2,2,2>Been here twice so far. For RIchmond, this place is good. For authentic Indian food after coming from the West Coast, it's okay. Been here twice so far. So they made an important change since I have been here, which is that there is NO lunch buffet on normal weekdays. They only serve the lunch buffet on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. I have to admit that when I sat down and learned this, I felt like I was being jipped. But in retrospect, I pleasantly prefer this. Now what they do is give you an appetizer with soup, you order a dish that has a lunch price/servine size, and a delicious dessert. The advantage - freshly made food that is not mass made in buffet style, and you get some dishes that you wouldn't normally get in a buffet. The dessert was some awesome carrot dish that I had never had before, and it was great. Also, they give you unlimited rice and naan. I got an extra soup, and I am sure they would have given me more if I asked. But all in all, I can say that my friend and I were stuffed. Also, I would recommend ordering off of the blackboard. It was pretty good for the price.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,5/24/2013,7,13,2,6,3>Had a very specific craving for fettucini alfredo this afternoon.  I've walked and driven by Chianti countless times, but never actually went in.  Today, I'm glad I did.  Seems like the charming, family-owned Italian restaurant that you can grow to love.  It was a little after 3 pm, and empty aside from a few people working in the kitchen, including some of the owners.  There was a gentleman sitting at the bar having a late lunch, who seemed to know the owners.  The tables were neatly set with white linens and menus with rollups, prepared for the Saturday dinner crowd.  Tony waved me over and told me to sit anywhere I liked.  As shy as I tend to be, I didn't want to be awkward either, so I sat at the bar too.  Fortunately, everyone was very welcoming and chill - Billy introduced me to Bonnie, who took care of me, and I was introduced to Tony.  We had a laugh about the fact that the marble bar was pretty high relative to the barstools.  It did, amusingly enough, sort of made me feel like the kid sitting at the grownups' table.  But the stools had backs on them, so I was comfortable.  There was a football game on the TV above the bar, but I'm not really into sports.  I ordered a glass of unsweetened ice tea that ended up being enormous.  Good thing too, because I tend to drink it like water.  Ended up ordering chicken with my pasta.  Despite the laid-back atmosphere, the food was top tier.  The alfredo sauce was perfect, with just a kiss of nutmeg.  It's dishes like this that make you realize how important balance is to making good food.  Bonnie asked me if I wanted red pepper.  Intrigued, I gave it a shot.  It was just a normal shaker of red pepper like you'd find next to any shaker of parmesan, but I learned that it's pretty awesome with fettucini alfredo.  I'd been given some breadsticks before my meal.  (Aside from being piping hot, crunchy, and covered in butter and cheese, they were nothing fancy.)  It ended up being a lot of food.  I probably ate half of my pasta, and it was still too much.  You'll have some to take home with you for sure.  They had some enticing desserts on one of their specials boards, but I was too full.  I look forward to returning to try some of the more adventurous dishes.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,5/23/2013,44,170,6,4,4>"Belmont Pizzeria"- a love story...by Matthew B.How oh how did it take me so freakin' long to eat delicious pizza?!?!Belmont Pizza, I will never ever ever order from Channello's again.  Your pizza is so awesome with the fresh ingredients it makes me want cry for you over and over again.Ok, this got weird but either way order a pepperoni pizza and you will not be disappointed.  Or even better, order anything.  I honestly can't wait for more.Take care & savor it up!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,5/22/2013,55,162,4,4,4>Donuts are to happy stomachs as Tickle-Me-Elmos are to toddlers. Always worth a stop on your way to/back from the Richmond International Airport--only 5min drive away. There's very little to say about this simply decorated, donut-smelling, local establishment other than their good mix (lemon glazed to vanilla/chocolate cream to apple cinnamon filling) of donut flavors and reasonable prices of ~$1/donut. No discount if you get half a dozen. There's also the option of getting a dozen of mixed flavor donut holes (glazed, chocolate, and powder?). Opened 24hrs except for Monday; you owe it to your inner food-monster to give it a try.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,5/21/2013,15,205,3,8,4>I was absolutely delighted to see a Moroccan restaurant open in the Richmond area, finally so when a friend mentioned having seen it we quite literally turned the car around to head there for dinner. No regrets on stopping here for dinner at all- the service was polite and attentive, the prices on the lower end of reasonable particularly for dinner, the music pleasant, and the food quite tasty. The establishment itself is absolutely pristine- obviously freshly opened without a speck of dust or a scratch anywhere.The waiter brought pita points and olive oil to the table with our drinks while we perused the menu, hopes for the place bolstered by the hot mint tea I had ordered [if a place has bad tea, it doesn't pay to stay, after all]. I ordered the bastilla which, while not the plate-sized chicken-stuffed pastry I have gotten elsewhere, was absolutely delicious and made a perfect appetizer. The party shared a kofta tagine [beef meatballs in spicy tomato sauce], a ghanmi tagine [lamb, artichoke hearts, and peas] and a kofta kotban [different spiced, ground beef fashioned into a kebab] each with a side of rice or couscous.I am withholding a fifth star for the moment only because I would like to visit again and see how the service and the food are when the place is busier [it was later in the evening on a Monday] and perhaps sample the live entertainment before throwing my full support behind the restaurant, but I have high hopes. For those to whom it is important- Riad is not yet Halal, but the restaurant -is- pork free and the waiter seemed to think that they were planning to achieve this soon.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/20/2013,61,189,3,15,8>It's been a few weeks since I stopped in for a late Sunday breakfast (see pictures) but I know I'll be back soon for breakfast and to try their dinner service too. I usually don't give five stars based on a single meal experience but there were a few "above and beyond" elements that made Clippers deserving of my highest praise. I recently put up a Yelp Talk topic asking about the best biscuits and gravy in RVA and got several great suggestions, including one from Ryan M for Clippers.  I'm still going to try the other recommendations but I was knocked out by how good the sausage gravy is at Clippers.  At one point, the owner stopped by my table to ask how everything was. I asked him about the gravy and he told me it was house made using a recipe of an old friend of his.  It's now my reference gravy in Richmond.  The rest of my breakfast was also great, especially the potatoes. So back to the "above and beyond" that makes Clippers Cafe special.  These folks are friendly...not waitress-wants-a-good-tip-friendly but genuinely warm and friendly people.  They seem to put a lot of love in what they do and it shows.  I was treated like a regular, like family, like a valued customer.   When I told my server how much I enjoyed my breakfast, and especially the gravy, she got the proudest smile and was truly excited to hear I enjoyed it.  The clincher for me though was when the owner stopped by and offered me a complimentary slice of the birthday cake his wife made for him!  He certainly didn't have to do that, especially since he told me it was his favorite kind and totally made from scratch.  My visit gave me a real sampling of southern hospitality that isn't too common anymore, even in the South.  I'll be back.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,5/19/2013,119,447,2,5,3>Ventured here one night after browsing Yelp and seeing this listed under one of the new restaurants. Plus they have 30% off your order until February 15th. And you know me, I can't resist a Thai place.It was a little hard to find. Using the address listed here, it sent me in a weird direction, but FYI: you can just use the "9047". This place is right next to Teppanyaki Buffet, Food Lion, Yen Ching, etc. on West Broad St.Walking in, the place looks nice. There are tables with chairs and also additional seating with tables and benches on a raised platform. Not sure how many people you could actually seat in here with this set up, but it does make it unique.The person that I talked to was very nice. Gave me time to look over the menu and I decided to get the spring rolls as well as fresh rolls. Also the pad thai and panang curry with chicken. When I went there was no tofu option, but I didn't ask about it, so I'm not sure if that will change at any point. Got the order to go and was told to I was welcome to sit and it would be ten minutes.Food came out promptly and I was in and out of there quickly. When I got home the food was still warm. Spring rolls were fine, probably a step up from some other places, but it wouldn't be something I absolutely had to order. Fresh rolls said they came with an order of four- but it's really just two cut into halves (so if you have a large party that wants to share, go ahead and take that into consideration). The pad thai was a darker color than I am used it. Was brown, but it tasted fine and the right flavors were there. Still not as good as my favorite pad thai, but I wasn't disappointed. I wanted to save the curry, but I did take a couple bites of it to see how it was. It came in a larger plastic container than I thought it would. Rice came in a small styrofoam box, so if you're one of those people that likes your rice, you're going to possibly want to order extra. While this curry was of a medium consistency (less thick than Thai flavor, more thick than Ruangtong) it was rich and peanuty and the standard hotness (aka: I didn't ask them to spice it up) has a little more depth and kick to it than Thai Flavor (which will be one of their major competitors, being a short drive away). I was happy with the curry. And it reheated fine (though I'd recommend reheating via stove top rather than microwave, if you have that option).I went back another time and tried their satay and pad see ew. Both were good. The peanut satay sauce is thick and slightly spicy and the pad see ew served with chinese broccoli.Overall, not a bad addition to the Thai scene at all. A step up from your Thai Diner, outside of crowded Cary Town, and a step up decor wise from Thai Flavor if you're looking to impress a date. Prices are good as well: for two entrees and two appetizers the bill came to under $30. Plus the 30% off that they are currently advertising and it was under $20.Service was nice and friendly both times.A note: It did say on the door something about being closed in between lunch and dinner. I'll have to check next time I'm there but I think it was around 3ish on weekdays and 4ish on the weekends.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,5/18/2013,3130,648,3,5,4>I went to M Bistro & Wine Bar for dinner on a Saturday night. The restaurant was crowded, so I sat at the bar to avoid waiting for a table. I recommend making reservations on weekend nights. As an appetizer, the avocado tempura with crab meat and lobster filling caught my attention . I enjoyed every bite. The crab and lobster filling complimented the avocado very well. I chose the lime coconut tilapia for my entree. The tilapia came with broccoli and mashed potatoes. The coconut lime sauce on the tilapia was delicious. The tilapia and vegetables was cooked very well. I had a hard time choosing my dessert. I ended up picking strawberry Romanoff. The strawberry Romanoff was average.  I expected more from the dessert. Overall, I enjoyed my meal. I ordered a couple of drinks with my meal. M Bistro cocktail menu is limited. The cocktails I did order were prepared very well and flavorful. The bartender was very attentive and down to earth. M Bistro & Wine Bar has a nice ambience. M Bistro is a great place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine as well. The parking can be a hassle especially on weekends. I will be back to try other items on the dinner and brunch menu. I give M Bistro & Wine Bar a 3.5 rating rounded up to 4 because of the good customer service from the bartender.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,5/17/2013,36,193,,4,3>I drive up and down Boulevard quite often, but I've never noticed this place until it was pointed out to me.  I'm glad I found it!  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but I was pleasantly surprised when I entered.  The restaurant is a large, open space that goes back a lot further than you think.  My group of about 10 was comfortably seated in the center of the room.The drink menu is larger than the food menu, but there were plenty of options; chicken, seafood, beef, vegetarian, and even duck!  I had General Zhao's chicken - a flavorful dish in an extremely large portion (it went on to feed me for two more meals!)  All portions were very large, so I recommending picking a dish or two to share with a group, in addition to a few appetizers or a soup.  My only complaint - not nearly enough veggies.  My dish only had a few small pieces of peppers, and it would have been much better with more veggies, or just a smaller portion of meat.  Be prepared to get your fill of protein!The service was phenomenal - our server was knowledgeable of the menu, and enthusiastic about it.  It's always nice to meet an employee who truly enjoys the food at his restaurant.  He even split our checks without a problem.It was a great place for a meal, and the atmosphere was suitable for just hanging out and getting a few drinks and an appetizer.  It's right across the street from Movieland, so make it into an evening and catch a movie after dinner!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,6/30/2014,0,25,3,4,3>My family LOVES Gelati Celesti.  It is our children's number one choice when we ask them where they want ice cream or dessert.  The ice cream is so rich and creamy and love the variety of choices.  My son usually gets Chocolate Chocolate, I get either Chocolate Peanut Butter or Just Ask, and my daughter usually gets some type of icee or sherbet type.  My husband just samples all of ours!!The staff is always really helpful in explaining what the different flavors are and offering samples.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,6/29/2014,8,63,4,5,3>This place is a couple of blocks from our house, so when we go out for coffee we try to hit this place up.  Their new space is excellent, with plenty of tables, couches, and even a private room that can be rented by the hour for meetings.Their service is absolutely the standout at this place.  Though it can be a little slow, it is obvious that everyone, especially the owner, cares about what they are doing and the neighbors they serve.The coffee is fairly good, though the espresso drinks can be hit or miss.  The Blanchard's beans have always been solid and unspectacular, but more affordable than what Lamplighter offers.  They have doughnuts from Dixie Donuts and bagels from Cupertino's, both of which are great.  They also have a counter set up with Chocolates by Kelly, which are top notch and a great treat.  They also have a small market, which includes an excellent selection of local craft beer, some of which I can't get down the street at Once Upon a Vine.  I have had lunch here once right after they opened, and it was basically a cold cut sandwich similar to what I could make at home.  I would try it again, but probably wouldn't make this a destination for lunch only.Overall this is an excellent neighborhood spot that deserves a lot of attention and a great following.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/28/2014,109,52,3,4,3>This review is for BRUNCH only -- I have yet to go again for another meal!I came here after hearing about it for almost a year. My friend was in town, and her local Richmond pal told us to meet him there for brunch. We got there right at 10 (we'd heard it could get crowded) and were seated promptly in a sunny corner. I loved the decor and rustic-yet-polished, open feel to the whole space.I am not a huge brunch fan in general, but was pleased with the offerings on the menu. I ordered a Greek coffee frappe and an omelet with feta and spinach. Our waiter brought out the frothy coffee and I promptly guzzled it. Three minutes later, he surprised us by bringing me another one! He said he had made the first one too frothy and wasn't happy with it. It was a nice gesture, and we all split the second coffee so I wouldn't get too caffeinated. My omelette was light and delicious, with perfectly melty feta and barely-wilted spinach. At $11, I found it to be very fairly priced. My friends all loved their food too. I will definitely be coming back here for brunch, and hopefully for dinner too!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,6/27/2014,10,20,4,5,4>We were looking for a place to have ice cream when I find this option pop up on yelp.  We all agreed gelato sounded great and headed over to Deluca's gelato.  The place is quaint with several small tables and chairs.  The gelato and sorbet options are rather vast given that's all they do.  If you want a free sample before you buy all you have to do is ask.  The gelato isn't quite the same as I had in Italy but it's probably as close as you'll get in Virginia. The pistachio was good.  The tiramisu was creamy with just the right amount of espresso.  I settled for a scoop of lemon and a scoop of raspberry sorbet, as I wanted something light and refreshing. I wasn't disappointed, the lemon was perfectly tart abd went well with the raspberry.  The rest of my group had a variety so I was able to try various.  Of special mention, the salted caramel was dreamy.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,6/26/2014,114,325,4,6,5>I'm surprised I haven't eaten here before despite having been to Carytown multiple times! Baker's Crust is located in the plaza at the 195 end of Carytown where the Kroger is. The restaurant is a lot bigger on the inside than it might appear from the outside. During the Saturday lunch hours that I visited, the restaurant was very busy, and I had to wait about 15 minutes. There is a separate enclosed waiting area upfront.The restaurant itself is very warm and earthly inside, with a wood-burning pizza oven visible in front. It reminded me a bit of a Macaroni Grill restaurant or Olive Garden's interior, although a bit more sophisticated. In terms of service, I had one of the friendliest waitresses that I have ever experienced while dining out. Lauren S. was so approachable and down-to-earth, that I almost want to give this review 5 stars due to service alone! Apparently, there is brunch from 10AM-2PM on weekends, so I ordered a dish off the brunch menu. I ordered an Eggs Benedict Pizza, which was so creative/unique that I felt compelled to try it. It was delicious with lots of oozing egg yolk, and was much larger than I anticipated in size, so I had leftovers. I also ordered a bowl of the mushroom & brie soup, which was creamy and not bad. Prices overall were moderate, and the menu had a lot of different options. I had a great dining experience here, and would not hesitate to come back!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/25/2014,71,94,4,7,5>I really enjoyed Burgerworks. I was greeted at the door by either the owner or manager, and was promptly asked if this was my first visit or not (it was).  She encouraged the employee at the register to walk me through the process of either building my own burger, or selecting one of the burgers off the menu.  I really appreciated being walked through my various options, their cost.I decided that I didn't want to go the route of building my own burger, so I selected a menu option instead.  I went with "Da B.O.M", "horseradish-bacon mayo, smoked gouda, sauteed mushrooms, applewood smoked bacon, onion rings, cabot white cheddar, and BBQ sauce.  I opted for their classic bun, and went with bison instead of ground beef.  This burger was damn delicious.  A bit runny and juicy, which is understandable, but they didn't overcook the hell out of my bison, which was a huge plus.  I didn't go with any fries or anything, but after reading reviews perhaps I should have given that a shot.  Overall, after my first visit this place is very comparable in quality and flavor to Burger Bach.  Will definitely be back.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,6/24/2014,187,441,4,5,3>It's not crowded! An airport that's not crowded! When I think airport, I think LAX and that screams crowds! I came off my flight from Chicago and walked through the empty hall until I came to a small group of people welcoming those getting off of the flight (awesome!). Then I turned down another empty hall, down to the first floor for baggage.  I did not get approached by any strange people and did not bump into crowds because of lack of space. I was even surprised how fast I made it to baggage claim. Maybe I'm just stuck on my crazy congested traffic filled Los Angeles life, but Richmond made my arrival to see my love very easy.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/23/2014,80,45,4,6,4>A raucous round of applause for the Chef at The Magpie for creating a truly unique and phenomenal Gastropub experience. At The Magpie you will find yourself engulfed in a rustic-modern experience and dining on traditionally hearty meals that look like true pieces of artwork.As with many quality restaurants these days, The Magpie prides itself on leveraging the best of local ingredients from participating farms. However, what makes it unique is the flair at which dishes are presented and the palate entangling flavor combinations on it's menu.The only major disruption in our otherwise stellar dining experience was the chewing-on-grass-like flavors of the baby radish, cheese, and turnip* amuse-bouche served prior to our menu; however, it did serve a palate cleansing approach and a tribute to fresh, farm ingredients.To start our meal we elected to try the house made sausage and the charred asparagus appetizers. The sausage was a meaty, flavorful, and spicy bite with a smoking hot interior and a perfectly crisp outer casing adding a depth of texture to the bite. It was paired beautifully with an aromatic and strong mixture of bleu cheese, pistachio, and mint adding a nice basic, cooling note to the dish. Wonderfully prepared!The asparagus, normally a bland side dish, stood on its own as a small plate capable of being a meal in-and-of itself. An abundance of flavor accompanied the dish in the form of delicate roasted wild mushrooms, spring onion cream, and a manchego crumb.Prior to our main entrees, a nice warm cup of asparagus and goat cheese soup arrived at the table. Seated by the window on a mild day, the soup was the perfect warm dish to keep our stomachs looking for more. Simple, yet delicious - the balance and consistency of the soup had us wondering if we could order a handful of mason jars to go like I do at my grandma's farm in West Virginia.Our entrees, in my mind, are the essence of what The Magpie seeks to exhibit in it's locally grown, locally sourced, hearty and rustic southern meal experience - pulled rabbit with a gravy and cherry lacquered duck breast. If I could put Richmond on a plate, it would be these dishes.These were both unique dishes, with depth in flavor, complexity in design, and a bit of a confusing harmony of flavors. We went head first into accepting the confusion, as it was artfully planned and skillfully crafted.The richness in flavor of the cherry lacquer and the deep fatty flavor of the duck breast met wonderfully with an extremely acidic ramp pesto. The pesto, a delicious bite on its own, hits your senses like a slap in the face. The unique twist, a candy brittle infused with rosemary adding another aromatic note to the dish and a delightfully sweet note to be savored with the duck meat.As for the pulled rabbit (think pulled pork), the gravy was actually (I believe) a smoked fennel puree which added a homey flavor to the rabbit. Again, uniquely paired, was a sweet granola which added an oddly enjoyable texture and flavor contrast to the dish. We actually swapped plates. Myself giving rave reviews for the in-your-face flavors of the duck and my significant other speaking the same for the light-and-simple notes of the  pulled duck.We were both wonderfully impressed by our experience and have placed The Magpie above most, if not all, of the other eateries we've frequented in Richmond, VA!Notes:Our desserts were quality, but not reviewed in this post.Apart from the baby radish, I did not write down the ingredients. (+)
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,6/22/2014,125,397,3,5,4>Diversity is an excellent place for vintage furniture!  The prices are a bit high, but if you are lucky enough to find an item without a price on it, you may be able to land yourself a steal.  I wonder if you could negotiate tagged items.  Anyhow, tons of beautiful furniture, a good bit of it in pretty good condition.  You will find lots of lovely gems for reupholstery.There is also a great selection of throw pillows and linens.  It's great if you are making a pillow because for just $2, you can just buy a pillow from here to cover instead of buying a pricey form.  Even the massive sofa pillows are dirt cheap.Lots of selection in clothing, although not the best in the area, but it also wasn't what I came for, so I didn't search for long.  You will find tons and tons of selection of just about anything your hear desires here.  The trip is certainly worth your while.The workers and volunteers are very helpful and friendly, and pickup service is highly efficient.  They work like a well-oiled machine. I strongly suggest coming with a truck because you're bound to catch a nice find in furniture.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,6/21/2014,20,109,5,9,3>Maymont is an absolutely perfect place to go on a beautiful day. If you're going for a stroll alone, an outdoorsy date with someone, or taking the whole family, you're going to love it here.I came here with a lady friend who had never been here before, and so we made the rounds of the park. It was a gorgeous day, and many of the trees were blossoming, and the rest of the foliage was looking spritely as well. There are plenty of open, grassy areas to enjoy a picnic, throw a football or frisbee, or relax and soak up some rays. The paths are winding and allow you to have a bit of an adventure as you randomly decide which ways to go. We made the whole round of the park, and got to see the farm animals, birds of prey, Japanese gardens, and other colorful areas. Speaking of animals, the zoo-ish area of the park is great fun for kids and adults alike. Always worth stopping by!While we didn't go in on this particular trip, Maymont House is as beautiful inside as it is outside, with a huge variety of antiquities and impressive furnishings, as well as excellent tour guides who are able to give you every detail of every room's item. If you have time, or happen to go on a day where the weather takes a turn for the worse, stop on in and be amazed at the decadence of it all.There are bathrooms conveniently located throughout the park, and a few places for refreshments as well. Still, why not bring something of your own and dine al fresco? Cheap, fun, and effective sound like good adjectives to me.Overall, this is a must-see for anyone coming to or living in the Richmond area. Make sure to keep an eye out for their special events!Fun fact: you might be surprised to see skirts on some of the trees here. This is a fashion project where local students design and make a skirt for their assigned tree, with the prize being scholarship money. My lady friend is actually one of those students, so wish her luck!Overall: 5.0 stars---------Pros:-Everything there is beautiful. Inspiration for the artist and a sensation-filled experience for the layman.-The park is designed to have something for everyone, and delivers spectacularly.-The occasional fun events (like costumed individuals wearing period attire) definitely make certain days even more enjoyable than others.-Bathrooms/food/drinks are conveniently located.Cons:-The nicest days bring the biggest crowds, so parking may challenge you. However, my tip: don't drive all the way to the lot if you see cars prowling around it, just pull in on one of the side streets and park there. There are no time limits there and you'll still be able to walk to the park in under 3 minutes.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2013,6/5/2013,31,303,,3,2>3.5 stars: Make a reservation because you can't count on the back section being open. Great cocktail list executed marginally well.  Small but respectable beer list, which is a steal during happy hour.  Entrees are served in half or whole portions. Beef short rib was the standout favorite.  The other Mains were just fair.  Could have done without the fried oysters.  Prices are steep, even for a NYC-er.  Recommended for either lunch (there is a sandwiches menu at more reasonable prices) or a fancier dinner out in the Fan without feeling pretentious.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,6/4/2013,11,9,3,5,2>Oh hello again friends. Take a seat and let me tell you about my latest experience at RPM Car Care Center. I dropped my car off this morning because I felt like my brakes were just not quite as brakey as they ought to be. The guys looked them over and called me back. My brakes looked fine. The pads were in good shape. They called me because they didn't have to do any work on them. I did get an oil change, and the manager reminded me about a problem they'd noticed on my previous visit . . . a problem with the dreaded serpentine belt and the belt tensioner. It seemed my belt tensioner had sprung a leak and was oozing some goo all over the place and serpentine belt was about a year past retirement. With a baby on the way, I knew I did not want to get stranded with a broken serpentine belt, so I went ahead and told them to fix it since it was already in the shop. Since it was a fairly expensive job, they offered knock of 10% for me. When I showed up at the shop to pick up my car, the manager brought the belt and the tensioner to me and showed me the damage. It made me feel a lot better to know that my wife at 38 weeks pregnant would no longer be driving around with a decroded old piece of crap for a serpentine belt. I like this place. The staff is super-friendly, and the manager is quick to offer up a handshake and a, "Thank you for your business." They'll actually talk to you about the work they're doing, and they don't pressure you to add on more work. The facility is spotless.And again, they didn't murder me, which is always a plus.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,6/3/2013,35,47,2,8,6>I really, really love this place!  I was in a "vintage" themed book club for a while and they always had the obscure books we were reading in their used book section upstairs.  Not only did they have the books, but they were also always under $5 and in great condition!  I can't imagine anything better than that!And, as a cat lover, I appreciate an adorable shop cat.  This shop cat is SUPER adorable and can usually be found lounging next to the cash register!Loves it!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,6/2/2013,80,379,2,2,2>This was my 2nd time here, I noticed they expanded the place, there are now 2 dining room areas.  We had a reservation and were seated as soon as we walked in, we sat beside a waterfall that was in the room on the right. The best part of that area was there was a live guitarist playing some cuban music.. It gave us a nice romantic  atmosphere.. The live music made it feel authentic. The service was great, our waitress was perfect, friendly, patient and she was very knowledgeable about the menu. Thats always a plus. I love a waitress who can sell me by the way she describes food!We ordered an  appetizer, the triple cuban dipper.. It comes with choice of 3 appetizers, we chose mini papa rellenas,  yuka frita and camarones fritos (fried shrimp)... All three were good.  We got a salad with their traditional cuban dressing. (its some type of green dressing,, not sure whats in it but its good). Entrees come with 2 sides and I chose lechon asado (shredded pork) with arroz moro (rice & Black beans) it comes in a perfectly shaped circle on the plate...and it was cooked just the way I like it.... .. My other side was platanos maduros (sweet plantains) they were yummy.. Only thing wrong with them was I wanted more! Dessert came soon after... We chose flan and tres leche cake... Both were sweet and delicious... In honor of the valentines holiday the flan came shaped like a heart.. Nice cute touch KennTico. ;) Last thing that needs to be mentioned is the refreshingly light and addictive mojitos.. You just cant have cuban food without one.. And KennTico makes them well.. KennTico is a great little cuban spot tucked away on Grace street downtown.. They will see me again.. Soon...
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,6/1/2013,49,29,2,4,2>Another home-run here when it comes to Thai. I personally don't care for it as much as some, but I wanted to check it out because it is in a great location right in Carytown. The black pepper and garlic steak was perfect, exactly what I was expecting. Lots of nicely cooked veggies, the steak was juicy and flavorful. Just about everything that was dining was stuffed and requested boxes because the portions are very generous. Very good choice, the prices are average. Seating is kind of close, but I foresee that only being an issue if they become packed, which they weren't at the time. Five stars in my book :D
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/31/2013,238,135,,7,3>I wanted to treat my guy out to a nice Sunday brunch, and since I live in the Fan only 3 minutes away, why not try this place? The waiter was very attentive and friendly from the moment we walked in. He was patient and helpful. There is a nice, intimate feel to the restaurant (a lot of the tables are set up for 2 people). I ordered the Eggs Ordinare, which came with potatoes, bacon, beer bread, 2 eggs and a slice of fruit. All that was $6, but I was famished, so in addition I ordered the Strawberry french toast special (although, the waiter did warn me that it was a HUGE portion and came with 4 slices of bread. Clearly, he didn't know that this girl can EAT! Especially breakfast food!). We also ordered the 805 omelette.The food was good, I really liked the French Toast. Although a bit sweet for my liking, I noticed the syrup came in a miniature kettle. I enjoyed these small quirks that the restaurant seemed to have all over; the hot sauce came in a humorous glass bottle labeled "That Hot Sauce". The waiter said he even knew the guy who made it. Nice. Local sauce! It was delicious on everything, and I don't even like spicy. The restroom Men and Women signs were comic book covers: Superman and Wonderwoman, respectively.Overall, a nice quiet spot for brunch if you are on a date, or if you want to steer away from crowds. Come here if you enjoy brunch and friendly service!Food- 3Service- 4Aesthetics- 5
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,5/30/2013,207,132,3,4,2>Oxtail pho. People, these guys have OXTAIL pho. Granted, it's only on special menu, when you get lucky, but damn are you some kind of lucky if you see it there.If you see it, order it. Or at least make sure someone at your table orders it.Today was my first visit, and I'm pasting an enthusiastically-five-star rating on this place. Not only was the food stellar - and my lunch companions were in the same version of food nirvana that I was, with different menu choices - but the service was swift, attentive, and personal.I plan on making this place a regular haunt.OXTAIL PHO, people.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,5/29/2013,4,86,3,3,2>My girlfriend and I came here for a private dinner party with her coworkers, and it was awesome :)The Hard Shell is a classy joint, clean though sometimes a little disorienting walking around, if you had a few drinks you'll have some trouble getting to the bathroom. That's not a negative thing though, it's just not your typical set up for a restaurant. Our group had a private room with a fireplace and a single waitress, who did a great job taking care of us. The drinks came out with the quickness and were really good. My girlfriend had a drink called 007, it's not a martini (which is weird considering the name) but tasted pretty good, so for you froo-froo drinkers it's a great pick.As for the food, well we were provided awesome appetizers many of which I couldn't even explain what they were, but that didn't matter because it tastes amazing! The main dishes were good too, I can't remember the details except that my food was on my plate for about 10 minutes before it was completely devoured. All in all if you want an intimate dinner, good seafood or you want to rock out a little with some drink this place can definitely accommodate you!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,5/28/2013,33,73,3,3,4>Okay, this has been on my list to try for a while and my husband and I decided to go and I'm not sure why we waited.Seriously, delicious food with a kitschy vibe that left me wanting more!  My husband and I were looking for a little bit of a leisurely lunch so we started with the Ploughman's plate.  The Boston Brown Bread was a sweet brown bread that was the perfect base for creating different combinations with the thinly sliced apples, cheese, chutney, and dijon.  We both agreed our favorite was having all of it together!  This would be great to split with another of their appetizer and a bottle of wine if catching up with friends.I have to admit, I didn't look much further once I saw the Croque Monsieur and it's accompanying variations.  It's hard to go wrong with a grilled cheese and ham sandwich covered in a mornay sauce!  My husband was debating between the Croque Garnett and The Colonel when Meg, our fabulous waitress, recommended the Croque Garnett -- it did not disappoint!  The sage mayo with the cheddar and apples were such a good compliment to the mornay sauce.  I went with the Croque Florentine (I'm a sucker for anything with onions and garlic).  I wanted like eight more.  Not because I didn't get enough food.  It just tasted so. darn. good.  Between the Ploughman's and my decadent sandwich, it was hard to eat much of the French potato salad.  I saw some other comments that it had too many onions, but I'd disagree.  It was a very "pretty" potato salad which I can appreciate -- sometimes the lumps of yellow isn't that appealing, so the red potatoes, red onions, and flecks of green definitely made you "eat with your eyes."We were stuffed so we didn't get dessert and I'm kicking myself for forgetting to order a mint lemonade!  It just means we have to go back for more.  Or maybe for date night so we can split a bottle of wine and two entrees for $30!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/27/2013,12,23,2,11,4>The sushi is wonderful, the prices are very competitive, but it's the service that will keep you going back. We went with our 2-year old son for dinner. He was well-behaved but accidentally knocked a picture off the wall. There was no damage and he wasn't hurt, but the staff doted on him and even gave us a free dessert. They also offered a free appetizer earlier in the meal, which I presume was part of their opening week efforts to get the word out. It worked!The food is both beautiful and tasty. The ingredients are fresh and immaculately prepared. I had a specialty roll and two more traditional rolls. The descriptions in the menu are accurate, but still leave a little surprise when your food is delivered to your table. My specialty roll was good, but I was truly impressed with how flavorful the regular rolls were. I had a mango avocado roll and an eel roll. The eel was succulent and sweet, and the mango was perfectly tangy when paired with the avocado. They put a lot of love and care into each dish and it shows. The presentation is particularly eye-pleasing.The staff are incredibly friendly. We were welcomed immediately, frequently but not intrusively attended, and I never saw the bottom of my glass. They took great pride in our praise of the food, as well they should. Additionally, they gave us $10 off, just for being there. I truly hope they stay in business a long time, but if they keep giving away appetizers, desserts, and discounts, it could be a challenge. Regardless, they're our new favorite sushi bar. Go and check them out as soon as you can.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,12/22/2013,7,34,3,6,6>This place is a diamond in the rough. It's similar to its brother, Edo's, but different in so many ways. The cuisine is more rustic, larger portions. The setting is very, very casual. The bar service is terrible, almost laughable, but you look past it as you sip on a warm cab sav and wait for a table where you know you're going to get the best Italian food. I've had a few of their mozzarella salads, they are enought for 3-4 people. I also got the spaghetti and meatballs - so good. I usually go for something unique on a menu but this comfort dish is so well done, it's hard not to get it every time. There's usually a line to sit down, even on a weeknight, and there's no waiting area really. Last time I was there, people were complaining in line about the wait - shhh! It's a good place, lots of people want to eat there. I love that this place is tucked into a residential street in Oregon Hill yet it still draws such a huge, diverse crowd. Only down side I can think of is that they are just closed randomly sometimes. A friend and I walked over from her place one weekend for lunch and it was closed - oh well! Just built up our anticipation for the next visit!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/21/2013,22,82,2,7,3>Soft opening week was great!  It was a lovely Sunday afternoon and we sat by the open air doors.  Great atmosphere, beer choices, pub fare, service and music.  We had the Sausage Plate and the Sausage Craft choices were great.  I'm not a super fan of German food (colors are blah, flavors are typically meh, sauerkraut has never done it for me) but this was great!  The sausage was very good, the bread was wonderfully robust, the potato salad was fresh with red potatoes and fresh herbs, the beer mustard is YUM but the big surprise for me was the (home made?) sauerkraut - I'm a convert and fan.  The other food choices are great (see the photos), beer selection is wonderful, they do growlers and sell meats and cheeses by the pound as well as other market items (bottles of wine, chips, etc.).
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,12/20/2013,49,6,2,2,2>My mom and I had lunch here last weekend and it was a great experience all around. The story behind the place is tremendously inspiring, and we both thought the food was good. I had the BLT (crispy bacon, fresh tomatoes) and the jalapeno hush puppies. Mom had some sort of turkey sandwich with waffle fries. The hush puppies were a little underdone in the center but that was no big. The fresh squeezed orange soda, however. HOLY MOLY. Need some more right now.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,12/19/2013,31,303,2,2,2>Great dining experience, start to finish. We came in knowing the wait time would be significant (no reservations for parties less than 8), but the predicted wait was actually longer than the actual one. I like that they text your cell when the table is ready, since the bar is usually too packed (and too loud) to visit while you wait. Servers were attentive and knowledgable, but never hovered. Cocktails are creative but familiar, and very reasonably priced (~$8). Same with the beer selection ($4-5) though there are one or two brew options for the beer-nerds. We only opted for 2 appetizers because the options seemed too standard, and while we loved the fried oysters, we could have done without the shrimp. The entrees were all huge hits at our table, well seasoned and cooked perfectly, and all at very reasonable prices (~$17-22). Stand out favorites were the filet and the tuna. My big gripe is they claim to source their product locally, but the few items we asked about ranged from places like California to outside the US, which is fine, but misleading. Overall, this was a great meal, and one I'm looking forward to repeating in the near future.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,12/18/2013,16,10,6,7,4>I was hoping that this was finally converted into a decent place, despite low expectations (due to the failure of places in the past and their confusing sidewalk ad).They have some technological kinks to work out, but nothing major. I got the "My Noodle" dish for takeout. I'm not exactly a noodle connoisseur, but this was one of the most interesting noodle-infusions I've had -- some kind of green tea mixture in the noodles with chicken. Needless to say, it was awesome. However, the owner is the main reason I will continue to come back for more. He was engaging, helpful, and hilarious ("We want people to have fun playing with their food.") He also gave me a discount and a free water. Richmond restaurant owners have a stigma for being smug and aloof. That's why it's always refreshing to come across those -- such as My Noodle's owner -- who truly want you to learn more about their restaurant/food, rather than worrying about "fitting the scene."
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,12/17/2013,268,143,2,6,4>This place hits home! My family & I are vegetarians (me...not so much. eggs, cheese, shellfish. i love it) Food tastes just like my fathers cooking and that's damn delicious!Now, this is Vietnamese/Chinese cuisine.So I would not order anything outside of that range such as a regular veggie burger...go order somethin' unique man!I devoured....-Bun bo hue (Vietnamese "beef" soup) -Udon stir fry with soy "chicken" strips (so much better than regular lo mein)Guaranteed i'll be a regular here.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,12/16/2013,31,202,3,7,3>So I have this condition called a sweet tooth and this place satisfies that condition.  The ice cream here is very gelato like, very creamy.  The portions are huge and the price is cheap.  They also have more than 31 flavors, some odd ones that I'll try the next time around but this time I got good ole butter pecan.  The butter pecan was rich n buttery and full of pecans.While enjoying my treat I noticed some hot sauce near the register and asked the cashier what it was used for as I didn't see anything but desserts on the menu, she pointed at a large tub of chicharones.  The next time I'm coming here I gotta get some of those pork rinds and top it off with some dreamy ice cream.Forget that this shopping center looks sketchy n get you some ice cream.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,12/15/2013,22,146,2,4,2>This is the best place to find a great, original gift for just about anyone on your list. They have an eclectic and well-edited selection, and they have quite a few Richmond-specific offerings too. This is always my go-to spot for finding a gift, especially if last-minute because I can almost always find something. They have cards, gifts, and even the gift wrap and packaging so you can leave here with an item that's completely ready to be gifted.Some things are a little on the pricy side, but their sales are great. The staff is always super helpful, and they go above and beyond just checking you out at the register.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,12/14/2013,54,120,1,6,5>I saw that there was a grand opening for this restaurant, an all you eat sushi, so naturally I had to try it out. We were greeted warmly by manager and everyone was super friendly and polite. For lunch, their all you can eat is only $12, plus you get 20% off for yelp check in. That's crazy. I don't know how they can stay in business like that, but i hope they do.There's so much to choose from their menu. It's not a typical buffet where you go to a bar, but rather a la carte. You order whatever you want off the menu and their chef prepares it fresh for you. There are a ton of appetizers from shrimp tempura, edamame, seaweed salad to all kinds of sushi. My friend and I stuck with just the chefs special, each order comes with 8 rolls. We might have ordered too much, but the sushi was surprisingly pretty good for an AYCE sushi buffet. Next time I'll have to try their dinner buffet, it's $20, but hear it's well worth the price since you can order sashimi!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,12/13/2013,86,78,2,5,2>Went on Monday and overall it was a really good experience. We sat outside, had an awesome server, the food was really tasty and the beer selection was vast! Yes, vast.We ordered and shared the following appetizers: fried mac and cheese egg roll, natural cut steak fries and garlic bread with Gorgonzola dipping sauce. A carb lovers dream! (Don't judge...) :) the Mac and cheese was good - had some kind of smoky flavor to it - just a pretty small portion (1 egg roll cut in half for $4). The fries were really delicious but again the portion was small for $5 (a small plate with a few fries on it). The bread was ok but the sauce that accompanied it was really really good! The presentation was a bit awkward with the bread being cut in half and then in smaller skinny pieces but all put together to make the loaf appear still intact. Also, the bread was literally sitting *in* the sauce. I would've preferred a more appetizing plating option and the sauce on the side. You eat with your eyes first!Happy hour drink prices were not too shabby at all. It would be really nice to see them incorporate some happy hour food prices - as we all know that the current draw is the massive tap selection. The inside was nice and clean...more of a lounge feel than a restaurant which makes for a lot of discrepancies in my mind because when I think about beer I do not think about a trendy lounge. Will definitely go back.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,9/23/2012,35,126,3,6,4>I finally made it here after many years of wondering what the story was with this place.  A word of advice for you... if you're thinking you'll try this place some other time, try it NOW!  Don't be like me and miss out on this gem for years.The staff greats you with a warm_ inviting feeling while upbeat 70s & 80s disco-ish tunes fill the space with sound.Our server was great, attentive and friendly.  I have to say, this place must be a great place to work because everyone working @ 7pm on a Sunday night was oozing happiness and the food felt like it was made with real love and commitment.The menu... its huge... kinda like Mama Js on human growth hormone... heavily geared of course toward seafood.Though soul-seafood is obviously the specialty however if you're in the mood for poultry or even vegetarian they got yah covered too.So on the food, our table had a seafood platter, the fried shrimp & Fried fish platter and the Shrimp & Scallop Scampi platter.I'm not going to get into all the details of the 3 dishes so much in an effort to try to keep this shorter than most of my reviews.All the dishes were cooked perfectly.  And portion size... well, next time I can tell you the 3 of us will only order 2 dinners instead of 3. I really forced myself to eat a ton of food compared to my normal portions but yet we took home enough food for the 3 of us to have dinner the next night and even give the mutt some mac n cheese to go with her kibble.The good, the bad & the ugly...Well, no ugly and not really any bad per say but you need to have your expectations set correctly.If I could see someone (not me though) complaining about anything, it might be simply that they use smaller shell fish & crabs.  Of course, it's obvious this is done to maintain the affordable pricing which being in this neighborhood requires.... at least if you don't want to alienate the locals who helped build the biz.The shrimp are medium size shrimp, as are the mussels & scallops.  The "king crabs" are a smaller cousin called Opilio crabs... they look the same but not nearly as large and meaty.  That said, they give you plenty of all of them... and when you see the price they are charging for the dinners, you really should have an expectation set correctly... I mean most of the gigantic seafood platters are $13 - $16.Other things to keep in mind when coming here.  Though it's not hard to find, the lettering in their windows; which is their only signage; is a bit tough to read in daylight so as you drive by looking for the place, you will likely 1st notice their take-out storefront and perhaps question if this is a take-out only spot.  The eat-in dining room is just 1 door east of the take-out so don't get your panties in a bunch.I am very much looking forward to coming here again and checking out some other things on the menu.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,9/22/2012,59,129,,3,3>Really good mexican food is hard to come by in Richmond, but i think Tio Pablo is going to be a hit. Not your typical messy mexican cusine. Nice clean flavors. It's a small place that probably seats about 30 people. I ordered the $10 lunch plate which includes 2 tacos (your choice from 5 options) and 2 sides (your choice from 6 options). The tacos are served in a soft corn tortilla with a nice portion of meat. The chipotle chicken and beef tacos were great. They're topped with a little bit of melted cheese, onions and tomatoes and cilantro. For sides: the rice was cooked perfectly with a bit of green peas and small lima beans. The spicy small red potato side was also delicious.I wasn't a fan of the salsa that comes with the chips. It was mostly chopped tomatoes, lime juice and lots and lots of onions. For dessert, I tried the cookies and chocolate ice cream. Excellent.I'm definitely going back.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,9/21/2012,75,9,,10,4>If I ever make lots and lots of money, I'm going to give a hefty donation to Church Hill Animal Hospital! I have never had a more positive experience at any other vet anywhere, ever! They are incredibly patient with difficult pets, flexible with billing when you're feeling the pinch -- it is clear that their #1 priority is the health and well-being of your furry loved one.Also, I have never had to put a pet down before. It was one of the hardest decisions of my life. Dr. Jack, the head vet, did everything possible to help during this difficult time. She gave me sound advice, made herself readily available for questions, came to my home for the procedure (no extra charge!), the office sent me a condolence card that same week, and I only now received the bill a month later. I will never forget the staff's sensitivity and graciousness during this difficult time.I can't recommend them enough!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,9/20/2012,8,33,,5,3>Hollywood Cemetery has shaped my view of cemeteries for as long as I can remember. It's beautiful and peaceful, historic and a little spooky. The hallowed grounds serve as the final resting place for a host of notable Virginians including former presidents, Tyler and Monroe. There's a massive confederate monument dedicated to the fallen soldiers and leaders; President, Jefferson Davis, and J.E.B. Stuart are also buried here. The winding paths and towering trees curve through beautiful mausoleums and other examples of Gothic architecture. There are a number of notable grave sites that are must sees such as a dog standing watch over a child's grave. The most distinguishing aspect of Hollywood Cemetery is that it is more like an enchanting park overlooking the James River that just happens to be a cemetery. Artificial flowers are banned but families are encouraged to plant living flowers and shrubbery to remember their loved ones. Water spigots are sprinkled throughout to encourage this as well. As a child, I visited the cemetery on field trips but I also grew up knowing my relatives were buried there. As an adult I've found that it is a truly special place to go and think, and to remember those whom you've lost.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,9/19/2012,32,24,1,6,2>I am a do-it-yourselfer but I had reached my wit's end with my car's power locks due to a completely intelligible section in the factory service manual. I did a ton of browsing online and ran across this shop that hires only ASE certified techs to work there. Also I had previously directed a friend to go there to get a flat fixed a long time ago and was astonished at how clean the place was. That was 4 years ago and when I brought my car in a few weeks ago it was unchanged.I dropped the car off with some replacement parts I had pre-purchased from a used parts dealer and talked with Art about what I had tried and failed to accomplish. I also needed an inspection, alignment, and was planning on replacing brakes myself that weekend. He determined that both power door locks had died, and one of my used replacements was bad as well. Fantastic. Due to the design of my door latch, only a small electronic parts was bad, but was not available separately from the entire lock/latch bracket- at the tune of $190 per side in parts. Art and I figure he'd be able to use a universal aftermarket replacement with a little engineering, the same part used to add power door locks to cars that do not have them preinstalled. Great, they were $20 each at Best Buy. But this was Friday afternoon and I'd be without my car for the weekend, and unable to replace brakes as I had planned. No problem, he said just have the car back by opening Monday and it'd be fine.I returned the car with only the rear brakes done and requested them to finish the job with parts I supplied, along with custom alignment specs to apply to the car.It took a little longer than I had hoped, but Art engineered the aftermarket part into my factory door lock system for about the cost of 1 new part. The electronic connections were soldered and secured with the original clips, the brakes done perfectly, alignment so good (with computer printout! A MUST!) I can't stop speeding in turns, and a nice fresh inspection so I'm legal.If you must take your car to a shop, make sure it's Art's, he and his employees are honest, can hold a conversation, and charge you realistically and can even attempt to work with a mess you give them (as I did).
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,9/18/2012,38,21,2,2,2>4 stars are being awarded solely for their roof top bar and patio. Its a hidden gem that I found only after visiting 10 plus times.  Other then this, you can expect decent bar food, a kareoke night, many TV's to watch your favorite game (although they are old non-HD ones), ping pong, air hockey, old timers at the main bar. And they had OTB, but think they got rid of it. Its rarely packed, but often smokey.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,9/17/2012,34,21,5,10,6>This is my first review ever - so you know it had to be either a really awful or really amazing experience...happy to report it was the latter.Normally I frequent the same ole sushi spots, but today I remember seeing this sushi place near my favorite Mexican restaurant.  When I got inside, I was seated immediately...it was lunch time so be aware the place gets pretty packed during the week.The interior was pretty simple, but the atmosphere was casual and inviting.Given there were only two waitresses, it took about 10ish minutes to put the order in, but the service was very pleasant and efficient once our order was placed.  I got the 'Super Spicy Lunch Box' which included salad, soup, super spicy roll and spicy california roll, Shumai, and fruit.  Everything was delicious - the food was fresh and the portions were perfect.  The presentation was deliberate yet simple - I loved everything about this place and it's by far my favorite Japanese restaurant in the area.  Looking forward to my next visit - which will likely be scheduled for sometime next week :)
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,9/16/2012,19,79,3,5,3>For All You Fellow Nature Lovers.... Belle Isle has many hidden secrets and tons of wildlife, alongside its trendy hang out spot "Dead Rock" . Next time your in the area, take a break from the usual guitar playing and festivities at the hang out and walk a few yards east to "Hollywood Rapid"  on a good day you might see several Great Blue Heron fishing along the rocks, or take a hike over to the "Dry Side" and try to find the rock that looks like a foot, complete with painted toe nails,  watch out for copper heads in the banks, but if you lucky you might find a Red Bellied Water snake which is quite the spectacle. Don't forget to look up you are almost guaranteed to see some Osprey , along with Bald Eagle and Broad Winged Hawk circling the waters on any part of the isle depending on the season and your luck of coarse. For those just going to cool off in the summer, I suggest getting some water shoes, there is glass from broken beer bottles and such in the water and you wont see it before it cuts you. Again when your walking across the walking bridge look up^ if your too consumed by the view below you will miss the Barn Swallows nesting beneath the bridge above you. Enjoy the beauty there is much to be seen. *On a personal note i would dare not swim on the south side of the isle where it connects to the "Dry Side" dam. I have seen many a copper head crossing stream on the tiny islands just upstream from there, stick to the places with more active rapids where it is harder for them to fish.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,9/15/2012,79,79,,6,7>I've only been to Belmont Pizzeria twice, so this review won't be long.What I have to say? This is, hands down, the best pizza in Richmond. The crust is perfectly chewy, the ingredients quality, the pizza sauce full of flavor and the pie is freshly made for you.I would venture to say if you are looking for authentic NY style pizza, this is the place to go.Or, if you're looking for ANY kind of good pizza, this is the place to go.Fast delivery, too.I don't remember seeing any seating here, other than a small lunch counter. It's really a grab and go kind of joint.You'll never order a Papa John's, Pizza Hut, or Domino's pizza again after one of these... I promise.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,9/14/2012,160,252,,6,5>As a non-vegan, non-vegetarian, this place is very impressive! Don't be swayed the wrong way by the looks of the place. My boyfriend and I checked this place out and loved it. The cute Vietnamese couple that owns this restaurant is very sweet and accommodating so that definitely added to the pleasant experience dining here! To start, we ordered the vege-combination platter, which had crispy spring rolls, corn nuggets, sweet potato fries, chips and dip, and vegetarian chicken nuggets. The chips and dip were a disappointment (stale chips and what seemed like salsa from a jar), and I didn't really dig the vegetarian chicken nuggets. We loved the corn nuggets and sweet potato fries though, and the spring rolls were good!For our entrees, my boyfriend ordered the vegetarian pho and it was so flavorful! We were both shocked at how rich the broth was for not having any flavor from meat. The only complaint he had was that there wasn't more of it! I went with the vegetarian banh mi combo, which came with not only the sandwich, but a small bowl of pho broth, sweet potato fries, and vegan coleslaw. The coleslaw was very interesting, it was made mainly with cashew nuts and some type of dressing mixed with shredded carrots. Sound really weird, but I couldn't get enough of it! Everything was amazing. I really didn't think I'd love it as much as I did! The combo is definitely the best bang for your buck, you get so much for only a couple dollars more than the pho on its own. We were both very full after our meals, but nothing stopped me and my sweet tooth from ordering a couple desserts to go to enjoy later. I think what really attracted me to the desserts were that they were Vietnamese specialties I hadn't had in a while, and seeing them listed on the menu made me long for them! We ordered the corn and sweet rice with coconut cream as well as the black-eyed peas and sweet rice with coconut cream. They were both just what I was expecting! Very well made and just delicious. Being quite the carnivore myself, trust me when I say this place is worth it for those wary of the green!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,4/6/2013,172,233,2,2,2>Went to this place based on fellow yelpers and so happy I did! I made reservations per some suggestions. I did it right before the 5pm deadline for same day reservations and they couldn't seem to find it when I got there. Still, we were seated quickly and automatically given glasses of water. I really liked that they left a small pitcher of water in the middle just in case we wanted a quick refill, but our waitress was on top of the refills. She made wonderful suggestions on what to order so here's what me and my friends got:Bourbon Barrel Smoked Pork Belly (pictured)Absolutely amazing! Don't even need a knife since it's so tender, but I used it to cut up smaller bites so I could savor it longer. The sauce really added flavor to the pork belly. It also came with kimchi like rolls. I thought it was gonna be too spicy for my palate, but it's pretty refreshing to eat between bites of the pork bellyChicken Pate w/ golden beet mostarda, ginger, fennel, toast (pictured) Dip into all this wonderful flavor - and i suggest that you get all the pate, beet mostarda, ginger and fennel items all in one bite to get the full effect.Gnocchi (pictured)My friend ordered this and said the sauce was delicious! She really loved the flavor and her plate was quickly empty!Butternut Squash Soup (pictured)Also a hit for my friend!All of the food is beautifully presented even though the food isn't too expensive. The service was wonderful as our waitress constantly made sure everything was going well and quickly cleared our table whenever we were done with our plates.Can't wait to try this out for brunch the next time!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,4/5/2013,35,126,2,5,3>1st experience, I stumbled in not realizing they closed 1/2 hour earlier.  Fortunately for me, they made no bones about seating me anyways... this is the difference between an owner being here or out.Atmosphere... well, cool white fluorescent lights, grey carpet, bright white walls with black trim & black tables... think old-school prison uniform... let's not forget the black n white clock & pictures scantily placed around... OK... not exactly high on the wow factor (unless we're saying wow, this is bad décor) but hey... let's give Jerry a chance to wow us with the food instead. I had the triple decker reuben & boardwalk fries..  The use of Thousand island instead of Russian dressing always makes me take off points but @ least they call it what it is on the menu (as most say its Russian dressing).  The sandwich was quite tasty, only problem with it was the bread being triple decked, the top & middle slice of bread was toasted but the bottom was not; so it got kinda squishy on the bottom from the meat steaming.  The fries were fen, nothing to write home about but would eat again.The size of the sandwich for me was large enough I took had of it to go; although I'm sure if I had not ordered fries too, I could have eaten the whole sandwich.I must say, after eating here today I'm ready to try their breakfast some time soon.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2013,4/4/2013,814,187,2,6,4>3.5 stars. Lady N'awlins had me at $5 po boy Mondays. I came here for a late night meal with some friends for the $5 po boy special (all day I believe?). I initially ordered the gator po boy, but to my dismay, it was exempt from the deal along with the oyster po boy! But all was good and I was still feeling happy from happy hour, so I  ordered myself a shrimp po boy.The sandwich came out in what felt like 10 minutes. Eh not too bad of a wait, but I was starving, and chomped into the sandwich right when it got to the table (well, right after I took a picture of it of course). The sandwich was delicious. lightly battered shrimp hugged by a lightly toasted roll with some lettuce, tomato and mayo and a side of fries. Best $5 you can spend on a monday night. Definitely more well spent on this, than a platter at cook out (although I do love their corn dogs).Service was meh (via a laidback hipster-looking girl), opened late night until 2am, sandwich was good, price was awesome, but fries were disappointing. you know the fries are a bit soggy when your friends wont even finish them for you. But I would definitely come back for a $5 seafood sandwich, even if it means lonely soggy fries on the side.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,4/3/2013,37,155,2,3,2>So this place is not only a totally hip bike shop and fun to peruse, but the service it awesome. I told them about the problem I was having with wrist discomfort and they were able to special order ergonomic bike grips for me. They called me when they came in and put them on my bike for free! Not only that, but they actually had me get on and hold the grips so they could adjust them to the most comfortable angle! I asked if it was typical for customers to tip and they suggested some mexican cokes form the greek restaurant across the street. I obliged happily with a 6 pack of bottled cokes and it was seriously the least I could do for such great service.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,4/2/2013,84,184,3,4,5>Jazz on Saturday nights. This wide open store is wine store in the front, restaurant in the back. It's very casual and welcoming despite the number of couples that come for dinner. The walls are covered with colorful modern art. I had the soup of the day: prosciutto and fall vegetable soup ($5) with the lamb sausage sandwich ($10). The soup was unexpectedly hearty and the lamb sausage, while simple, finished with the sweetness of sauteed red onions. Neither of these dishes were complicated, but both had an unexpected richness of flavors. The bottle of wine was picked out by one in our group. At $16.99, it was a steal for splitting between three people. Total: $25.Ambiance and Service 5/5Food 4/5Value 4/5
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/1/2013,38,33,3,6,4>Well...I almost don't even know where to start for this one! I can say: in comparison to this restaurant, it makes me want to go back and re-evaluate all the other places I gave 5 stars to though.My guy and I came out for the International Supper Club for February. It was both of our first time ever trying Indian food. To be honest, I always shied away from it because of the pungent aromas and strange colors. This restaurant has drastically changed my views on Indian food!The inside of this restaurant is just beautiful. It was dimly lit, but not too dark. Great for a relaxed dining experience. It was clean, and not crowded at all - being that we went on a Tuesday evening, which was perfect.We ordered several appetizers for the table as we had about 8 people altogether to try everything. We had Coconut Curry Scallops, Firecracker Chicken Tikka, Chaat, Shiitake-Leek Tikki, and Garlic Naan. I LOVE scallops, so to me the coconut curry was just amazing. You can really taste the hint of coconut and they were cooked perfectly. I've had some iffy scallops, as they can be overcooked easily and get chewy.  The Firecracker Chicken Tikka was good, very spicy though - firecracker is very fitting.  Chaat - the selection I believe was Samosas: they were basically little pockets filled with potato and peas. I despise peas, so this app wasn't very good to me. The Shiitake-Leek Tikka was very good. Garlic Naan...YUM! The cucumber yogurt dip that came with the bread was a fantastic clash of flavors that just worked very well together. Between the scallops, shiitake-leek tikka, and naan - I could have been satisfied there!  For my entree, I ordered the Crab-Scallop MelJol and my guy ordered the Rara Lamb Curry. The Crab-Scallop MelJol is probably the best dish I've ever had anywhere. And that is saying a lot! It only had 2 scallops, which was fine, would have liked to see 1 or 2 more though.  But the lump crab meat in the Nigella-Mace-Tomato sauce was amazing. Put the mixture on the rice that is served with it and your taste-buds will be in flavor heaven!!!  I of course couldn't eat it all because of all the app taste testing I did, so I had more than half left over for lunch the next day. It heated very well in the microwave and tasted just as good which was surprising to me, a very tasty surprise! :-)  I did try the Rara Lamb Curry as well, I didn't particularly like this. It was very spicy and the flavors just didn't blend well for me. He really liked it though.The host/server was a very pleasant man that was very happy to explain most of the menu to the table and assist with menu choices. He was very knowledgable about where the different dishes came from in regards to what state in India. He even recommended an off-menu meal to one person with our party which was nice of him. He also was great about explaining to another party member which dishes were vegetarian and offered information differentiating from vegan dishes which is simply amazing because not many places in Richmond are so accomodating or informed about different dietary needs. This just added to the entire meal experience and makes me want to go back. We were never rushed, and the servers were rather attentive.  This has no doubt been the best restaurant experience I have had in Richmond in the 6 years I've lived here.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/31/2013,46,109,2,4,3>This is one of those places that I am sure that my review, whether good or bad, really won't make a difference to those that have read the reviews, seen the TV shows, or probably have eaten the food before.  But allow me to weigh in...this is as close to a Park Slope joint in Richmond as I have been to.  The smell hits you as you round the corner, and then you see the patiently waiting masses outside.  No bar inside, no lounge...The dining area is as big as my living room, with approximately a dozen tables of varying sizes, most big enough to accommodate a group of four or five, but if you are a large group, forget it unless you rent the place out or go with at least an hour to wait outside.  And located about a block away from the VCU Bookstore and the Siegel Center, I guess you could put your name down, disappear for a half hour and come back without missing a beat.And you will wait...we went off peak, we waited, we went for lunch, we waited, we went for dinner, we waited.  You are almost waiting for them to annex the townhouse next door before you go back.  But I digress...the important question is...IS THE FOOD WORTH THE WAIT?  The answer is yes.  The food is fresh, delicious, and, this is the most important part, unique.  Yes, their signature food item consists of sandwiches basically, so what's the big deal?  The deal is in the details, like putting granny smith apples with chicken livers and slaw-er-shredded cabbage.  Peach chutney and banana ketchup with blackened chicken.  And let's not forget the bread, crisp french baguette that is crusty but enjoyably chewable, and a fine compliment to the ingredients.  We ordered four half-battleships for four people, way too much food, but the fun was in the sampling.  If two or more want the same sandwich, certainly get the whole boat.  But plan on taking some home, especially if you sample one of their ridiculously creative desserts. The wait notwithstanding, this is the place to take an out-of-towner who may doubt Richmond's pedigree as a foodie destination.  So why the four stars instead of five?  Well, there needs to be some urgency among the serving staff and the guests to eat and not linger, and there is none.  You wanna sit in the window and stare at the cold hungry masses yearning to eat a battleship?  Go right ahead...no one will stop you.  The food takes a while understandably as it is fresh as fresh gets, but once the food is wrapped, the drinks finished, the desserts sampled, the coffee sipped, and the stares from the waiting throng beginning to turn to scowls, get me my damn check just a WEE bit faster, thanks.  I don't fault anyone for wanting to enjoy their dinner but folks, lets give at least half a thought to those that are waiting, and expedite the paying process a bit.  A small bit of concern goes a long way.  The Black Sheep is all you've heard about, but be prepared to press your face up against the glass and be an outsider looking in.  At least for a little while.  Or call the takeout angel and bring your battleships home!  Yes, they taste just as good, and you can avoid uncomfortable stares and frostbitten toes.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,3/30/2013,29,56,2,5,3>While I love all of the wonderful restaurants and chefs around RVA who are reinventing Southern cuisine, it is great to visit a restaurant that takes pride, and puts its passion, into maintaining the traditional menu and cooking methods of our region.  Family Secrets does all that and does it with courtesy, graciousness, and adherence to high standards.The only disappointing thing about this restaurant is that its location, hidden in a nondescript strip shopping center near the intersection of Chamberlayne & Azalea, made it so unknown to me for so long. Thank goodness for Yelpers or I may never have found this gem only about 3 miles from my house.As others have said, it's not much to look at. It's appearance inside and out is a little worn and a little old but clean and comfortable ... and the food is great!  Unwilling to go home without trying the wings others raved about, I got the Fish & Wings platter with cabbage and cole slaw.  My housemate got the ribs with collard greens and mac & cheese. The cole slaw was only okay and I say that to get it out of the way.  Because everything else? Was awesome!Both the fish and the wings were gently coated with seasoned flour and lightly fried.  The fish (whiting) was tender and flaky and the wings were so moist that I was disappointed that there's no full fried chicken platter. Likewise, my housemate's ribs were cooked to perfection, tasty and came off the bone with ease.  He said the only thing that they lacked was that they were not smoked. But that didn't stop him from clearing the plate.Before we even got our food, we were made to feel at home by the owner himself, Reggie Littleton.  He came by our table, welcomed us, and treated us like old friends. He was happy to talk about the restaurant, the food, his customers, and his love of cooking. After we talked about fish and seafood, he excused himself and came back to the table with a blackened fish filet for us to try. It was fantastic. Flavorful without falling back on simply being spicy. And you could tell he was proud of it. We agreed that we'd have to return to sample it as part of meal.So here's hoping that Family Secrets maintains its commitment to great homestyle comfort food but that it doesn't stay a secret so Reggie can keep it going for years to come. A wonderful meal!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,3/28/2013,11,18,5,4,3>You're cheating yourself if you don't come here on a Monday, grab a Cubano Especial and a Mojito on special, and sit next to a window. It's the only way I know of to face the reality of four more work days.They finally renovated and expanded to whatever burnt out crack den used to be next door  - turned it into a lovely open space with a sliding glass wall/door to create a bangin' patio space. Food is excellent and authentic (from what I can tell of four days spent in Miami, caveat) and the service is great.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,3/27/2013,238,135,3,4,3>First time here, so my friend and I decided to order what they are known for; the duck confit salad and their pizza. We got the Belly pie (pepperoni, assortment of cheeses, mushrooms) aka: CHEESY GOODNESS.  Man I did not feel guilty about devouring down slices of this pie. It isn't your typical delivery-door pizza; there's some very delicious and unique blends of flavors at this restaurant. This is applicable  to the duck confit salad as well. Albeit we were a bit skeptical at first, but the arugula's fresh and bold taste melded perfectly with the duck, dressing, and cheeses sprinkled on top. We also took advantage of the Happy Hour special on wings (50cents/wing) and ordered the spicy garlic flavor. The wings here are big and juicy and bursting with garlic flavor. I will definitely come back to check out the other HH deals (including: $2 off pizza, nachos, shrimp and $1 off beers). Cozy and very much like a tavern, I'm a fan of the unique food and atmosphere of Belly Timber!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,6/20/2014,41,140,1,5,6>I would typically say that the sides are the star of the show here, and they are amazing to be sure; but that would be belittling to the actual stars- the mains. Each lovingly prepared and behemoth sized (order the fried catfish if you don't believe me), packed with flavor and perfectly cooked. My favorite is the rockfish but I didn't see it on the menu last time I went. Chicken with the Alabama BBQ sauce is really delicious- the sauce has a great zip!Now on to the sides. Everything is perfectly prepared: green beans, crisp tender. brussels sprouts, and the mac and cheese. I could eat that mac and cheese every day. Cheese grits and scalloped potatoes are good too. Service is great, awesome drink list (something for everyone).
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,6/19/2014,44,170,4,6,6>Seriously, these doughnuts are as good as it gets.  No joke.Their maple bacon doughnut. oh god.I am not kidding when I say that these doughnuts are AMAZING.  Luckily for me, I get to pass this place on my way to work every single day.  It's difficult not to stop.  It's also difficult because my boss knows I love them and she brings them in by the dozen.  If you haven't visited Sugar Shack then you don't know what it's like to have a REAL doughnut.  Don't pay attention to those other places around Richmond that serve "doughnuts" because they probably aren't even real. Tehehe...I actually just haven't visited any other doughnut shops yet since I've already discovered the best one in town!Take care & savor it up!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/18/2014,120,34,5,8,5>One of the best brunches I've had in Richmond. The chicken and waffle is the epitome of everything I love in a sweet and savory dish. The dish is so simple but done right. The light and fluffy waffle was topped with crispy, maple syrup coated chicken. The big hot mess was equally as delicious. I loved the spicy kick from what I think is a chipotle sauce. The best part of the dish however was the perfectly poached egg in the middle. Seriously, what's more glorious than a runny yolk over fried potatoes.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,6/17/2014,14,18,6,8,8>WPA Bakery is cute and quaint and can ease your carbohydrate craving quite pleasurably, what could be better?!I have loved everything I have ever tried...from the cake doughnuts to the tarts to the pesto/sun dried tomato/goat cheese pastry! Y U M!Oooo and there is coffee! They also have a little library box outside, which is always worth sifting through! I grabbed a great Tolstoy the last cake doughnut crushing spree I went on....which I must say, made me feel completely justified when evaluating later whether that event was indeed necessary. Ha! DoIt.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,6/16/2014,62,150,3,7,3>Went to this place on a cold Friday night.  We started with the fresh spring rolls. These may have been the best rolls I've ever had.  The peanut sauce that came with it was amazeballs and we devoured the whole thing.  I had the roast duck soup which was so flavorful.  I could eat 2 bowls of that stat.  The hubs had the Phuket noodles with chicken and shrimp.  I'm sure it was tasty because he wouldn't share.  :)   It was also half off bottles so we had to get some wine to go with our meal.  Can't wait to try out what chef joe has in store!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,6/15/2014,10,49,1,6,4>I moved to RVA about two years ago but have coincidentally gotten my haircut twice out of state, while on vacation.  It had been a year since my last  haircut and was tired of my long hair which was already close to my waist.  I was lucky to book an appointment with Dustin the same day that I called to ask for a last minute appointment.  I didn't know how my haircut will turn out since I asked him for a shoulder length cut.  Dustin turned out to be very talented!  I got a lot of compliments.  I am very lucky to find a good hairdresser on my first attempt to find one in RVA and plan to go back even if he's moved up as a Senior (?) hairdresser.  Good choice of talent Bombshell!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/14/2014,81,83,5,5,4>I don't know how they do it. A Chiocca's sandwich is like a black hole of deliciousness - you don't think they're going to be all that mind-blowing, or all that filling, until you've gorged yourself on only a half, and the infinite mass of their cold cut core is too intense for any hunger to escape. Striations of flavor will mesmerize your senses, and the only response you can make is to just go home and sleep about it.  Garnish with sweet pickle slices, a sour spear, a mountain of potato chips, and cheerful, noninvasive service. Save half of the sandwich to enjoy later. Trust me.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,6/13/2014,10,40,5,6,4>This is the best salon I have EVER been to. Easily the best haircut at a salon I've ever had in my life. Yes, sometimes I have a penchant for hyperbole, but I'm not kidding. Olivia did a fantastic job on my hair and I will never go to another salon in Richmond barring some terrible reason they aren't around.I am very stupid when it comes to my hair. I have no idea what looks good on me and after letting my hair grow out for 2 years I came to Olivia with a mess of locks. I told her what I usually had my hair like before and she told me exactly why the cuts I were getting previously were achieving exactly the undesired effect and what would look best for my hair type and face shape. After working her magic I am in love with my hair. The best thing about Circle Square is that they are so thorough and not at all pushy about products.  I did end up buying the mousse Olivia used on me but mostly because I usually use the $3 gel my husband has in the back of our closet, which always makes my hair look awful and crunchy.I also always have the problem of the "salon look" never keeping the next day because all I have time/care for is just to blow dry my hair and put something in it really fast. Olivia listened to me and set me up with a style that she knew would work for my lackadaisical attitude when it comes to styling myself.The rest of the salon employees were also super nice. I seriously cannot emphasize how much of a great experience I had there. Say hi to Chico for me if you go.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,6/12/2014,5,26,5,9,7>Why this is the most awesome place to have brunch in Richmond:1) The food is incredible! Great portions and an amazing assortment of choices. I have eaten here so many times and have literally never experienced anything less than delicious.2) The staff. Fast, attentive, sharp, helpful, and Edwina can really make a Sunday entertaining.3) The atmosphere. Loud, crazy, chaotic, packed... if you want something low key and classy, well, go somewhere else. All the party animals high-tail it to the Sidewalk.4) The drinks. $10 pitchers of mimosas!There's a reason why every Sunday there's at least a 30 minute wait starting around 10AM... do yourself a favor and go by, wait at the bar with a pitcher, and have a great time.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,6/11/2014,12,90,4,7,4>Absolutely loved the modern feel of this sushi bar! My friend suggested we go to LEVEL when we were trying to come up with a new bar to go to. The atmosphere is unlike any other- the bar lights up upon touching it, lights are dim, serene music playing, even the bathrooms were modern and fun. The light up bar was so cool that I had to send two snapchat videos to my friends, many of which responded immediately asking where I was.We had already eaten dinner, so we split the ceviche- tuna, salmon, and yellowtail. It was delicious! The fish was fresh, and the light sauce they used was so good, my friend and I ate all of the lettuce bed that the fish was served on. The beer list is pretty impressive as well. I can't wait to go back for a full dinner!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,9/28/2014,27,63,3,4,4>A Saturday brunch into lunch type of atmosphere.  Small and cozy environment with an artsy feel.  The food is often good and the mimosas are a sunny delight..no pun intended..really they do put in champagne...even a tad bit more when you ask.  Not that I've ever done that, but really they do.  So...if you are looking for a place to not feel weird when rolling solo or a place to casually socialize with your peeps...this is another RVA it.   Did I say the food was pretty good? If not, the food is pretty good...or I wouldn't frequent there like I do. So see it's not just the mimosas. :)
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,9/27/2014,57,69,4,6,5>I've been to Superstars Pizza a couple of times now, first at the recommendation of a co-worker and since because I love their pizzas. They focus on pizzas and subs with pizzas by the slice only and take-and-bake pizzas for whole pies. The variety of options for pizza slices always amazes me. I've tried the Cheeseburger in Paradise, Luau, and Supreme to name a few. As far as subs, I've only heard great things about the Trucker and the Jerry. Coming in during lunch on a workday can be hectic as the combination of a lot of people and on-street parking can be overwhelming but usually by dinner the place calms down. Give this place a try!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,9/26/2014,1,9,4,6,5>I am a porter/stout kind of guy, and their peanut butter porter is simply amazing.  Seriously, it is incredible.  I really enjoyed their oatmeal stout as well.  I have heard their blueberry belgian is also really good.  The place itself is really nice and cozy, laid back crowd.  Currently my favorite brewery/tasting room in Richmond.  Its also a great alternative if you want to drink great craft beers in the area, but aren't in the mood for the lot party style set up at Hardywood.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,9/25/2014,17,6,5,5,4>Definitely a must go! Local Favorites.Half a sandwich will fill you up; share a whole sandwich together to save a buck or two.  Highly recommend for both brunch and lunch!Service: 5/5Ambiance: 4/5Food: 5/5Speed of Food: 3/5 (took a while the last three times i've been)Off the menu, the three things I recommend the most.USS Brooklyn Jerk barbecued chicken, loaded into a toasted french baguette with shredded cabbage, roasted banana ketchup & peach chutneyBreakfast Batteau Half a toasted french baguette topped with sweet potato butter, crispy pan fried roasted duck leg meat, pepper jelly glaze, bacon, two eggs*, grilled red onions, arugula, ricotta salata.Curry Lamb Shank Tacos Braised lamb shanks pulled from the bone with potatoes and peas in a spicy vindaloo sauce, topped with a cool mint raita, and pickled red onions. Served with lemon and cashew basmati rice.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,9/24/2014,3,20,4,6,7>I'm a voracious meat eater, so I was highly skeptical of how great vegan/vegetarian pho could taste, but Phoenix Garden's pho put my skepticism to rest and made me a huge fan.I ordered the plain ol' "Pho" off the dinner menu, and I was blown away by how it tasty the broth was - I personally couldn't taste much of a difference between it and a meaty pho. I was also greatly surprised by how tasty the vegan "meat" was. It was so very well spiced that I gobbled it up after a hesitant first bite. I have to say, I also really loved the owners. They appear to be an elderly Vietnamese couple, and they were incredibly kind and hospitable to my boyfriend and I during our meal. The decor is a bit dark and dated, but I could care less when everything else was so spot on. This is one of those great hole-in-the-walls that is worth checking out at least once.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,9/23/2014,12,8,4,5,7>So I just found out my dad's favorite dessert is an apple fritter. And I also found out he's quite the connoisseur of them. (Don't know how I never knew this!) So I googled and found the Country Style carries apple fritters. Well they were HUGE. Like the size of my head. And only $2! So I took some to my dad for his birthday. And he said they were the best he's ever had. Kudos Country Style! You've won over 2 more people! I'm sure you'll see my dad in there often now!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,9/22/2014,3130,648,8,15,13>I found the Naked Onion using my Yelp app (searching for sandwiches). Staff kindly greeted me after entering the restaurant. I decided to order a turkey sandwich and side salad. The turkey sandwich (roasted turkey,house cheese spread,pickled red onion,pickled jalapeño,cucumbers,and bacon) was delicious. What's in the cheese? I don't know but the cheese spread blends well with the turkey and other ingredients. I'm not a big fan of onions but the pickled onions are a winner in my book. Customers have a choice of salad or potato salad for sides. I went with the side salad which was fresh and tasty. For dessert, I had vanilla cream bread budding. Naked Onion bread pudding was flavorful and delicious. The owners are down to earth and polite. They told me which sandwiches were popular on the menu. I've been to the restaurant numerous times for different sandwiches. The Ruben and Bahn Mi are tasty as well. The Naked Onion is small and easy to miss. It's more of a takeout restaurant (no seats inside). Use your Yelp app navigation if you cant find the restaurant. They do offer delivery if you live within a certain radius. There's street parking in front of the restaurant. The Naked Onion is an excellent choice for quality sandwiches and salads in RVA!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,9/21/2014,3,38,3,7,5>I'm not really a fan of frozen yogurt... All of the fro-yo places around Richmond taste the same to me. However, donuts, those are my life. So when I saw that they were now selling donuts, I had to give it a try to see how they compared to other donuts around town. (And trust me, I've had them all.) The donuts are AWESOME. They are cake donuts, which I usually hate, but they were cooked a certain way so they tasted fried on the outside and chewy on the inside. They also have about 10 different icing flavors and 15 different toppings. You can play mix and match all day... The only problem is is that if you go in during a busy time, then you will have to wait because it takes a while for them to make the donut by putting the icing and then the topping. These donuts are good if you are looking for something other than plain. If you just want a plain glazed donut, go to krispy kreme. However, if you like any other flavor of donut, go to Goin' Bananas. The donuts are fresh and made in front of you. Other donut places around town make their donuts a while before anyone even eats them, and you can tell. These donuts rock!!!!!! Side note, the only flavor of actual donut they have is just a white cake. There are many different toppings, though, to make it more interesting!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,9/20/2014,20,91,5,4,5>Mighty Tasty Shrimp and Pork Egg Foo Yung. I am going to tell you why this may be the best take out Chinese food in Richmond. I've been here about 5 times and it's been consistently good. On a Friday night they had no less than 7 different groups walk in while I was waiting for my take out. It's a small family type Chinese food place with the high school age daughters running the register. The menu has some chefs specialty items I'm going to try.The Egg Foo Young is perfection in a box. It's fried perfectly, not greasy, the sauce is packed separately and has that rich caramel color that tells you it got some flavor. Not salty, not greasy, good rice, very nice dish and they give you three large pancakes of the egg Foo young. Their egg rolls are fresh and hot. The wonton soup is rich and the wonton are fresh and huge. Moo Goo Gai Pan has been very tasty with lots of chicken, broccoli, and snow peas. They have a drink cooler with all sorts of soft drinks. I'm giving it four stars because this place needs a dining room update. The banquettes are covered with cloth because they're torn and kind of old.  Well,  not kind of,  they're old. Otherwise, the place gets busy with people all times of the day. Their lunch specials are good and plentiful.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,9/19/2014,31,303,2,7,6>Easily the best, most authentic Indian food in the Richmond area.  Sauces are diverse and layered with heat and flavors, while simultaneously highlighting rather than overpowering their paired proteins.  Equally important, the staff is both attentive and incredibly knowledgeable about the dishes, well beyond what can be found in the menu descriptions.  At the end of our meal, we met the chef/owner, whose passion for his craft (excuse the pun) is undeniable.  Prices are reasonable (entrees are roughly $14-17, and served with unlimited rice).  Thrilled to have found this gem.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,2/13/2013,31,202,2,2,3>The place was PACKED, the dining room, the banquet room and the bar.  Luckily we got 2 seats at the bar and didn't wait to be seated in the dining room.  Seemed like a few people were redeeming their groupon cert's (incl us).  The 1 bartender was attending to over 20 diners at the bar and fulfilling the servers orders, with occasional help, really well.  Needless to say we waited for a few minutes to get drinks and such, but kudos to Jared (I believe).  Actually the grumpy gentleman next to me seemed more concerned that we didn't have drinks than we were.Their beer list is fantastic, SS great place to get an excellent beer.  My first 2 were 2 different Belgium beers that I won't even attempt to pronounce, my last was a Delirium.  We weren't interested in a heavy dinner that night and stuck with 4 app's and a salad.  Sara tried escargot, reluctantly, and surprisingly ate her entire portion.  I loved them, they were perfectly cooked and the butter made for great sopping.  The scallops stood out the first time so we ordered them again, they did not disappoint us on that decision; great sopping sauce.  The cheese croquettes and fries were delicious as well.  I'd order everything again.  The goat cheese salad, was a salad.  Well dressed, big slice of goat cheese, and tasted good.I'll eat here any day!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/12/2013,36,193,2,4,3>Addis was my first experience with Eithiopian food, and it was a phenomenal culinary adventure.  Food - top notch.  Service - slow, but friendly.  Atmosphere - very mellow until the band started setting up and blaring loud music as a warm up.  My advice is to either go early, or not on a night with a band, so you can spend time enjoying the food and your party's company.  Because the food is delicious!I was able to sample a variety of the traditional Eithiopian fare, including the three appetizers.  The Katenya was my favorite - crispy and flavorful.  I enjoyed the sambussas as well, and while the tomato fit-fit was tasty, the texture takes some getting used to.In attempt to sample as much Ethiopian food as possible, I ordered the pick three vegetarian platter, with the yeabesha gomen (collards), denech alicha wot (potatoes and carrots), and misir wot (spiced red lentils).  The potatoes were by far my favorite, although the other two dishes were good as well.  Although Ethiopian food is meant to be eaten by scooping food with the bread, rather than using utensils, I ended up switching over to my fork pretty quickly.  Not because the scooping was difficult (it was actually quite fun), but because I wanted to save room for the food, rather than fill up on the bread. Since you eat with the bread, rather than utensils, it's easy to share.  I recommend going with a group, ordering a few different things, and sharing plates. Definitely pair your meal with the Ethiopian honey wine.  The sweetness of the wine is a beautiful complement to the spicy food.  It's sweet, but not overly sweet.  You can definitely taste the honey, but it's not overwhelming.During our meal, the owner came to check on us, which was a nice touch.  The only thing missing?  Dessert.  I'm not sure if it's served at Addis, but I was too full to even inquire!  I will definitely return to sample some more!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,2/11/2013,92,144,4,7,3>As a resident of Chester, I was excited to see that I didn't have to go into Richmond to get a sugar fix.  This place is located right next to a nail salon, library, Walgreens, and even my local comics shop on Route 10, on the way to Wal-Mart if you are coming from I-95.  Parking was no issue for us.  We walked in past the nice looking street view and into the cafe.Up to the counter we went.  The lady at the front explained to us the different flavors.  They were out of red velvet that Friday.  We decided on the dulce de leche cupcake and the chocolate ganache.  For drinks, we got what they call a magic tea.  It's a big cup of early grey tea with lemons, honey, and some sugar for good measure.We sat, we chomped, we sipped.  The dulce de leche cupcake was pretty good.  It was very rich, both with the topping and the filling.  The chocolate ganache was a little dry, I would've preferred the mix to be a bit richer.  The frosting is really what gave it a kick.  I definitely liked the dulce de leche one more.You can't go wrong with that magic tea.  It was steaming hot, tasty, and full of good stuff.  Can't really mess it up, but that's the beauty of it.  I do want to try the coffee here at some point.To go we got some macarons.  They were chocolate-almond macarons, and very very rich.  For our wedding, we had a bunch of macarons as favors, and ever since we've been looking for a place close to us where we could get some.  They rotate the flavors here, and pastries, so it's not guaranteed what macaron type you'll get, or if they'll have any, but do try them.  They are good.  You can buy them in singles, and it's the reason we will be coming back.This is a good spot for a cafe like this.  It never feels cramped.  I got some good reading in here for some classes.  The wifi is fast, just ask for the password at the front.  If you live in Chester, save yourself some gas and give this place a shot for your upscale pastry fix.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,2/10/2013,42,263,2,11,3>Found this AMAZING sushi place from a fellow Yelper! :)This place is way up in the W. End in a strip mall with a large, new Martins nearby. This place is AS GOOD OR BETTER THAN AKIDA, which in my opinion, is THE BEST in Richmond for sushi. I'm a sushi snob, and this place passed the test. The inside is really relaxing in decor, and the wait staff is friendly. I like how they have a sushi menu with PICTURES of ALL the big rolls - I like to see what I'm getting. I had one large roll (can't remember the name but it was DELICIOUS with filet mignon, shrimp tempura, avocado, etc) and a bowl of miso soup (good flavor). We had 2 japanese bottled beers and hubby got the chicken udon - really good! We will most definitely return even though it's about a 30 minute drive from where we live down in Chesterfield.I have FINALLY found another good sushi place in Richmond - other than Akida. YAY to the sushi gods!!!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,2/9/2013,136,144,2,8,5>This place is so wonderful!  I want to go here more, but I tend to hermit-tize in winter.  I will make it out there someday Little House.I did go on their "grand opening" day...last Saturday maybe?  Got myself some Meow Milk and a really nice olive oil.  Both products rocked, but what I loved most was how friendly and helpful the girl running the register was, definitely one of the owners.Speaking of the register, so high tech!  She rang up my order on her laptop and then had me electronically sign with my finger.  They also take credit cards, which made me super happy as half the time I don't have any cash for the farmer's markets.  The idea of this place is great too; I love that they work with local farms and offer local, organic products throughout the store.  Anyways, I wish them the greatest of success and hope that others are inspired to do what they are doing.  This country needs local grocery stores that work with local farmers throughout so we can stop relying on big box grocery stores that rely on food grown in Mexico or wherever!  Once I moved to Richmond, I spent a lot of time looking for fresh produce after rejecting what was available at Kroger & Martin's.  I'm so glad Little House is here!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2013,2/8/2013,69,336,5,3,4>For our ritual Friday Night Date Night, DH and I are still exploring restaurants in our new neighborhood in the West End.   After hearing good things about Trak's, we decided to try it.Upon our arrival, we were warmly greeted and seated promptly.  The restaurant was nearly full, telling me we would be in for a treat.   However, I could hardly make up my mind on what to order due to the sensory overload of just looking at this place's decor!    It looks like it may have been decorated by Adrianna LaCerva.    While the murals are rather charming,  this place makes use of every other surface and corner in the place with lights, faux plants, faux marble columns, urns, statues, etc. Once we were able to our attention to the menu, we had many choices.  I was a bit surprised by some of the prices, with some of the prices up to $24 for an entree.  But most are in $15 range.I had the olives and feta (plated with flatbread and tzatziki sauce) appetizer, which is big enough to share.   I also had the moussaka, which came with a side Greek salad.  All of which I thought was pretty tasty.   It also turned out to be a lot of food, but that means I had leftovers for the next day.Overall, it is a kooky little place with great service and good food.   I am sure we will be back.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,2/7/2013,68,266,3,8,6>After several unsuccessful attempts, i've finally made my way to this pizza place!! I've heard great things about this place and read amazing reviews (thanks to my fellow YELP-ers) about their delicious pizza. The moment you walk in, you get surrounded by this delightful aroma of pizza and I was instantly hooked; I love the smell of food, or maybe it was because I was really hungry..FYI, this place has VERY limited "seating." 5 stool chairs and a corner table that seats 4 max. All the employees seem pretty cool and laid back and all the pizzas are made to order so you gotta be wiling to wait for that cheesy goodness. I got the personal size eggplant siciliano which has grilled eggplant, Romano cheese, and Prosciutto. It was definitely a good size and for 6.50, it was very reasonably priced. The crust was thin but not flaky and was beautifully crafted. I prefer crusts that are not too thick, seasoned well but doesn't take away the show from the actual pizza and Belmont rocked it. There was a good serving of Prosciutto on my pizza but i dont recall any eggplant possibly..? or maybe all the other flavors just masked it. Make sure you wait a few minutes when enjoying this one of a kind pizza because it comes out piping hot.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,2/6/2013,66,91,3,5,2>My husband and I love Yen Ching!  We used to live closer to the restaurant, but they still deliver to our house which is now slightly farther west.  The food can take a long time to be delivered, but it is well worth it.  We have dined in and had delivery.  We always get the egg drop soup, egg rolls and usually the steamed Peking dumplings. All are delicious.My favorite dishes are beef with broccoli, sesame chicken, kung pao chicken and the beef lo mein.  the staff on the phone is friendly and delivery is usually quicker than they say.  Don't be put off when they say 45 minutes.  If you are ordering on a weekday, it does not take that long.  If the weather is bad outside, then you will be waiting the full 45 minutes, as everyone else had the same idea as you!This will continue to be our go to Chinese place.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/5/2013,245,1116,2,6,3>What a nice, cozy new-ish spot that is filled with ambiance and friendly employees!  Located in the Museum District right across from Banditos, Deco is a very small Italian place that I could see myself visiting again and again with friends who live nearby -- if we can get in.  It's only two very small rooms, a small bar and a kitchen.  Very tight, so you definitely want to make your reservations in advance, or plan to go after 9 p.m. after the crowd thins.Our party of six sat in the front booth in the bigger of the two rooms.  Tight.  I ordered the pastiedda (fried cauliflower) $4, and the veal pizzaiola (tomato sauce and mozzarella), $18, which came with a vegetable (was it green beans?) that were cold, but I'm not sure they were supposed to be.  Portion was small, and I was disappointed that it didn't come with a side of pasta, but it was delicious.  I also tried a friend's insalata finocchi (shaved fennel, olives, citrus vinaigrette) -- not something I'd want to have again -- and the grilled calamari... delicious.On the service end, the staff couldn't be nicer.  They could be faster with the drinks and the food, but they couldn't be nicer.  We were a somewhat large, talkative group... lingerers, so it didn't matter much about the slow service, because we were enjoying each other's company.  But in a different scenario, the slow service could be a problem.The prices aren't bad, but when salads don't come with the entrees, pasta doesn't come with the meat dishes, and portions are small, the price easily adds up if you have any appetite at all and order a la carte to make a complete meal.  Honestly, I wasn't sated when I left.  I easily could've eaten more.All things considered, I'd give Deco 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/4/2013,41,127,3,3,2>It is embarrassing how often I forget about Helen's.  Until I remember, then I wind up going three or four times in under two weeks.  Brunch?  Two days in a row.  One happy hour.  And let's throw in dinner a few days later for good measure.Service is surprisingly good, given the uber-hipster vibe going on.  The bartenders, servers and kitchen staff are all chill and polite.  You may have to be a little patient, but that's good for the soul.The drinks are good, wine selection is limited (but appropriate compared to menu offerings) and my dear lord... the food.  All that I have had there has ranged from 'hmmm... tasty' to 'there's a pants party in my mouth!'.Oh, and the prices are strangely low.  I feel that I've run up some really big dinner bills there some years ago, but all my trips within the past ~12mo have been reasonable.See you tomorrow, Helen's.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,8/2/2012,37,155,,3,2>Not only Delicious food...Great place to buy wine/beer! Walking into this place just gives me good vibes. It has a wonderful warehouse/brewery feel. I like how the pasta machinery is visible. Oh and the pasta dishes they serve up...SO AMAZING. The two I have head so far, Salmone and chicken Pesto, were so tasty. Whats great is you pick the basic dish and then choose your pasta, not just shape, but flavor! I chose black pepper pasta in linguine, and then spinach spaghetti, if I remember correctly. Anyway, so good, and cannot wait to go back again and again. You can also buy the pasta and sauces to make at home!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/1/2012,125,397,2,3,4>Byrd theater is a true gem!  We Richmonders often take for granted how amazing it is.  It has such elegance and class.  It is quite the peace of history and a real marvel to see, even when inside the theater and the lights are out.  Not even darkness can mask the amazing beauty in this place.The retro prices are pretty cool too ($1.99).  What I really hope to see is Byrd being used as an indie theater.  I saw the 48 Hour Film Project at Byrd, which was my first time there, sadly, since I am from Richmond, born and raised.  I just think that Byrd theater is too good for the crap movies on the big screen these days.  Quality films that are true art is what deserves to be shown at Byrd.  For now, I will enjoy this theater whenever I can, regardless.My only problem is the bathrooms.  They are not cleaned as often as they should be.  Other than that, I have zero complaints.  Byrd Theater should be treasured, and I just hope that we don't forget our history and ever consider shutting this place down.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2012,7/31/2012,129,78,2,3,3>Cool little place with a good beer selection and cute little patio areas. I usually cozy up with a local IPA and then dive into the pizza list. The Goat in the Garden and Greek are both good, and I really need to get back with some meat lovers to try a few others. If you are a salad before your pizza person, the basil vinaigrette  house dressing is good too.The crust is pretty thick, but I don't discriminate again crusts, I thoroughly enjoy bread and will delight in all crusts equally. But for those of you complaining about it, you can order thin crust pizza. And stop comparing it to Dominos. It's an actual restaurant. You know, with ambiance? and booze? The latter being the kicker.It's hard to go wrong with pizza and beer.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,7/30/2012,81,83,2,5,2>Incredible.  When people say the dishes are inventive, they really aren't kidding. My family wanted to meet up for my dad's birthday at Mamma Zu, but it wouldn't be fair to anyone to try and squeeze a five-top in there on the Saturday night before V-Day. However, I recalled all the glowing reviews for Pescados, which was only a block away, and was a little more flexible in the seating department.  My spur-of-the-moment alternative suggestion was incredibly well-received, as my entire family had an amazing time.We started with chicken tamales [very flavorful, albeit a tad mushy] and baby octopus ceviche [sweet octopi and mangoes against the acidic citrus - delectable].  I decided to go simple and have their fish tacos, which are some of the best  I have ever consumed, and the mashed coconut black beans on the side were simply addictive.My mom also noticed that their salad greens are sourced from a local farm, that happens to be run by some distant cousins of ours. Of course, the family had to share a salad to show their support, which was just as amazing as the rest of the offerings.  Very good service and mind-blowing food in a bright, laid-back establishment in the heart of Oregon Hill.  The perfect place to go for a "fancy, but not TOO fancy" dinner on a date or with a group.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,7/29/2012,78,547,,6,5>My friend and I did dinner here last night and it was pretty good. Atmosphere: not much has changed since it was Acacia. The setup here is always a little awkward because the restaurant is in the lobby of a building that houses other boutiques and a hair salon. Some of the tables are almost along a hallway. We chose to sit at the bar.First off: hello $4 happy hour special wine. I'm not sure how long it goes, but I got two generous glasses of a nice Argentinian white and was quite pleased. To eat, my friend and I each started with the daily special watermelon gazpacho with fresh crab. This was a tasty, generous portion. I light watermelon broth was filled with lump crab, chunks of watermelon, cucumber and other tasty flavors. I think an extra zip of pepper or something would have been the only way to make it better. Either way, I'd get it again.For dinner, we split the carbonara pizza: ricotta salata, pancetta and an over easy egg on pizza. This wasn't huge - I wouldn't recommend splitting it without getting an app, but it was tasty. The crust was crisp and the cheese and pancetta combined nicely. Then, the runny egg just took it up one more notch. I would definitely order this again too. Another minor complaint, They didn't have crushed red pepper flakes. I feel you can't have pizza on your menu without red pepper.Since the soup was light and the pizza wasn't huge, we decided to splurge on dessert - banana pudding pie. Hello deliciousness. The cake itself tasted like sweet banana bread taken up a notch, and it was topped with bits of dried banana and chocolate chips, and served with some rich French vanilla ice cream on the side. It was a perfect end to the meal.Service was attentive throughout the meal. The menu wasn't huge, but it had a nice range of options including salads, sliders, pasta, a crawfish quesadilla, etc. I'm definitely looking forward to returning.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/28/2012,11,9,3,6,3>Oh hello there.I spent one of the best nights of my life at Secco Wine Bar. My wife and I were meeting a coworker and his wife out. It was the first time we'd all met. We went to dinner first, then decided to hang out at Secco afterward. We spent several hours at Secco. Time flew by, and we had a fabulous time. All of the wine recommendations were top notch. I had two glasses of the strangest, sourest beer known to man, and I loved every sip. How did I wind up with a sour beer? Simple. I asked the waitress for a recommendation, and she told me some things. Then she said, "Oh, and we have this crazy sour beer if you're interested. It's absolutely mad!" So I ordered it. The first few drinks were like drinking fermented atomic warheads, but then I got used to it and the beer was delightfully reverent. I ended up drinking two of these delicious brews.We shared some food. The pork rillettes tasted like someone crammed heaven into a little glass jar. My wife got a cheese plate that came with apple butter. It was delicious. We ate all the food and talked about it for days afterward. Secco is a great backdrop for those memorable social experiences like meeting new friends or maybe catching up with old ones. The atmosphere is laid back but nice, and it was quiet enough inside that we could chat without screaming our voices hoarse.The bathroom was clean.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,7/27/2012,136,144,4,3,3>What a treat. I am in love with the Blue Goat!My first time here was dinner, and the decor and style won me over right away. My bf and I had the rabbit pate (Yum! with sprouts and a drizzle of balsamic, definitely my fave), forest mushroom ragout, and silky smooth potato soup. The second time I came for Sunday brunch and had their delicious french toast with elderflower honey and blackberry compote, strawberry mimosas and the goat cheese fritatta.  Everything is made so splendidly, the slightly higher cost is completely understandable. The bread and honey (?) butter is splendid.  The servers are charming.  There's a parking lot behind the building.  What I love most about this gastropub is its heavy support of local farmers and using all parts of an animal.   I love this place so much I want to lie and tell you that its terrible so you won't come here and I will always get a table and a parking spot.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/26/2012,49,116,2,6,3>This is very close to as good as it gets! I'm a taco fan, and am pleased to see several nice taco joints opening up around town. Tried Don't look Back today and am happy to say they did not disappoint. What a boon for Carytown!I like that the menu is simple - just a few (chicken, fish, chorizo, carnitas, pulled beef, etc) well-made tacos on the list, with a burrito or quesadilla available if you get taco'd out (can you though?). Chips and salsa are not gratis, but pretty damn cheap ($1.50 for a big basket with spicy fresh chunky salsa).  I've tried the fish taco and the chorizo. You can choose "traditional" - with cilantro, onion and lime, or "gringo" with lettuce and shredded cheese or something. I didn't read that far because I wanted traditional. On a corn tortilla if you please. Flour tortillas are also an option. Both were excellent, the fish was a standout with tangy red cabbage slaw.I like the neat clean feel of the place, they make good use of the small space and I especially like the little lounge area by the bar. Cozy. And if you go in for lunch you can watch Yogi Bear cartoons!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,7/25/2012,54,13,3,4,3>Ever walk into a shoe store, hoping to find some great weekend casual footwear in non-boring colors only to be plagued with white walking shoes or Skecher's Shapeups? All I want are viable color options, people! Is that so much to ask for???West Coast Kix is my kind of an answer. I have been talking about this store for the past 6 months. Every time I walk (maybe not in the straightest of lines) home from bars or shopping, I can't help but pier into the window filled with shoes in ever color of the rainbow. Converse, New Balance, PF Flyers (The Sandlot anyone?). I received a gift card to West Coast Kix for the holidays and have been dying to use it. A few weeks ago,  a friend of mine and I grabbed lunch and trotted down to the store. There were some awesome Red New Balances in the window display that I had not seen before. We both pointed, turned to each, and with a huge grin, walked inside. Ryan greeted us (yeah we are on a first name basis now). Who would have known it was his first day? I wouldn't have had he not said so -  we truly put him to the shoe retrieval test. Oops. I give him made props for admitting that minor detail. Ben, the owner also came out to help. It seems my friend walked in with ZERO intention of buying anything and soon was trying on more pairs of shoes than me. I had been eyeing New Balances all along, but started off with some navy blue Saucony's. Cute, but a little too low for my taste. Next were the women's New Balances in an off white color. They looked and felt great. Just what I was looking for. And in true shopper fashion, my friend and I had to check out those red New Balances from the window. They are a unisex shoe and fit better than a glove. My friend ended up getting them since the red was more her style. I got the same ones in black. They were incredibly comfortable. Oh and the best part, my shoes come with red and black shoe laces. BOOM!!!!The artwork on the walls is really cool, and fits the style really well. It was done by a local VCU student. Ben, you know Richmond so well. We love when businesses support local _______ (fill in the blank here.)Like I told Ben, if my landlord needs my rent, its all been spent at West Coast Kix. Awesome store, great vibe, and even friendlier staff. CHECK IT OUT NOW!!!!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,7/24/2012,32,4,,3,3>All I can say about Jay is "wow." And that's a compliment! My fiancee and I were obviously in the market for an engagement ring. We received quite a bit of advice from many but with both of us having "been around the block" before, we had great ideas of what we wanted and could afford. Completely over the "big box mall stores," we turned to Yelp and discovered Jay Sharpe. Prior to coming in to his shop, I perused the Web and scoured additional local shops but kept coming back to Jay's Yelp reviews. That being said we decided to give him a shot and are totally happy we did.We arrived at Jay's shop on a Saturday shortly before closing. Knowing what I was looking for in a diamond as far as clarity, color, etc, Jay sat is down and educated us a bit in a warm, calming demeanor without a hint of overwhelming or pushing us. In fact, throughout the entire process, Jay never pushed or pressured us, a trait of his we're very thankful for! We learned a lot from Jay that Saturday (including finding out he had designed a wedding band for a friend of ours from his many references) and decided to have several diamonds brought in for our review. We additionally picked out a band and setting before we left.We went back to Jay's shop a couple of weeks later to review the diamonds, with Jay calmly educating us on how to hold the stone loop to observe the stones under magnification. Jay didn't push us either way and we choose the stone to use for the ring.  When I picked the ring up, Jay have me some advice on how to care for it, including how to test the stone every so often to see if it had gotten loose. No other jeweler ever suggested that to me before. I encourage anyone looking for a reputable yet reasonable jeweler to check out Jay. His professionalism, enthusiasm and friendliness without a pushy sales attitude are keys in my book.Thanks so much, Jay!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,6/8/2012,44,170,,9,8>Hidden Secret. Best Barbecue. Amazing Jalapeno Mac n Cheese.I don't know what took me so long to try this place out...when I mentioned it to a coworker last week, she told me it had closed and I about had a fit!  I did some of my investigate (i.e. calling the restaurant) and low and behold they were alive and well!!!!We checked out this Church Hill corner on a chilly Saturday morning and read the menu on our phones so we knew what we wanted before we got there.Want to know what to order???The Platter, choice of two meats which comes with cole slaw, corn bread, or a bun, and two sides.  I opted for the upcharge and got the ribs and pulled pork barbecue, collard greens and jalapeno mac n cheese.  AMAZING.  That's all I can say...so freaking delicious!!!  The bf ordered the same platter but with beef brisket and pork bbq, and I don't remember his sides but that isn't the point because the real stars at this place are the ribs, the brisket, and that AMAZING mac n cheese.  While I loved the pulled barbecue and think it's one of the best I've had in Richmond, VA, I'm considering going back today just to slam some brisket down my gullet.Go here now. Not tomorrow. Now. And enjoy one of RIchmond's hidden secrets.  You won't be blown away with the party tent seating area but a real food lover won't let those things deter you. So go now.Take care and savor it up!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,6/7/2012,13,34,3,3,3>This place ranks right up there with The National and Center Stage, in my opinion, as far as venues for seeing a performance in Richmond, VA. As I said in my review of the The National, if an event is coming to this venue that interests you, go see it. I have seen two concerts here, Matt Nathanson (my wife made me go and it was actually good) a couple of years ago and Bela Fleck and The Flecktones a couple of hours ago. The acoustics are great and the venue is small and intimate. The seating capacity is just shy of 600 and both shows I went to were reserved seats. There is a small balcony with maybe 100-150 seats. Getting to the venue is no problem, it's right off River Rd on the main campus of the University of Richmond. Since the capacity is so small, parking really is not an issue.  There is plenty of room right in the main lot of the Modlin Center. The Modlin Center is home to a couple of art galleries and the music facilities for the campus, I believe.It is a very beautiful building as is most of the campus. Go for a walk or run around UR, it's a cool place to hang out and pretend like you are shelling out 30,000K a year for school ;)  It would be a 5 star in my book but they don't have any concessions...
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,6/6/2012,53,268,,4,1>THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS NOW!!!  OK, had to get that out of my system as so many reviews mention this and they have been taking all major cards for over a year now.This is a  true whisky bar with a stunning floor to ceiling bar complete with library ladder.  No web sit, no drink specials and, best of all, NO TVs!!!!   A wide and diverse whisky selection that cannot be found elsewhere in Richmond.   The wood paneled walls, huge booths, low lighting and general atmosphere is first date friendly, and a great mellow place to bring someone with an appreciation for good booze.  What most do not know, however, is that  "The Whisky" has one of the largest selections of craft and organic vodka, gin and tequila.  Famous for its Green Bean Fries and winter "Spiked Mulled Cider" this fan hot spot is becoming quite popular. If you are in a hurry or with a group larger than six you are coming to the wrong place.  Mellow is the mood and the college frat boys are not invited.The bar does not encourage exotic mixed drinks or shots so you won't find a Long Island Tea, Tequila Sunrise and the like here, there are other bars right down the street that encourage that.  Surprisingly, there are no beers on tap however an extensive and divers bottle and canned beer (always poured in a glass) selection is unusual and surprising. My menu favorites are: Appetizers - Hot Shrimp, Bacon and Artichoke dip, fried green beans, crab meatballs, and Asian fusion wings.Sandwiches:  Burgers!, Crab Cake, Steak n Cheese, Gourmet Grilled Cheese.Entrees:  Crab Cakes, Duck, Shrimp and Grits, Three Meat Meatloaf, and Chicken Marsala, Veggie Options:  Veg BBQ, Veg Stir Fry, Portabella Sandwich, Tofu Bites etc.There are about 4 to 5 parking spots right behind the bar and another 6 or so in the middle of the open alley courtyard and signed.  A great advantage in the fan or when you need to taxi home.  This is a small, intimate, cozy spot and a welcome addition to an area that has catered to the college crowd for too long.  They also serve food until 10 pm weeknights but on Friday and Saturday you can get a full menu until last call so nor more trips to McDonalds are Waffle House are needed!  Lunch is only Fri-Sun.  No brunch anymore.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,6/5/2012,9,26,3,3,4>Living in Richmond my entire life I have been to plenty of baseball games at the Diamond. This park is more enjoyable with the Squirrels than with the Braves.It is not just a baseball game anymore, Squirrels Management entertains you from opening pitch to park closing. Who would have thought that chanting Chips and Queso would be so much fun?!For the best deal, go on Monday. It is McDonald's Monday. This means bring a McDonald's receipt and get two tickets for the price of one. Even if you don't eat McDonald's you can get a $1 Sweet Tea and save $10 on a lower level seat. Only downfall is that you may be harassed by the scary McDonald clown.My advice, grab a big beer, some cracker jacks, and have some fun.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,6/4/2012,119,447,2,4,3>Probably a three, but bumped to four for the ample seating space, parking lot, and the ice cream!I dig a coffee joint that can make my beverage of choice with soy (and not make a face!). The most recent time I went here, I had a (soy) hot chocolate. Rich, sweet, and I finished it pretty fast. Everyone else enjoyed their coffee as well. Lots of room to sit inside, both in the area by the bathroom, as well as by the counter that you order at (plus an outside area). I could settle in here comfortably for a quick chat over coffee or to actually get a little work done on my laptop, as opposed to the other location by VCU where I can never find a place to sit and have the urge to grab coffee and go.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,6/3/2012,84,6,2,2,3>Buz and Ned's is by far the best BBQ in Richmond.  I typically buy the sandwich plate and get sliced brisket.  The brisket is delicious and tender.  My wife usually gets ribs and these are their specialty.  They are tender and amazingly tasty.  Our son (6 yrs) gets a hot dog and fries each time and has no complaints.Other notables are -- the hush puppies and the fries are tasty.The only thing to mention is that the seating area inside is very small so be prepared to either wait for a table or get your food to go.  The line for ordering and pickup ends up taking up 1/2 the inside of the place which is a bad way to do this given how small the place is.  It is worth it for the food.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,6/2/2012,98,280,3,9,3>I went here for my second opinion after my charismatic but ultimately disappointing first chiropractic experience.  After negotiating the short, but odd, phone tree I was put in touch with a very nice, helpful lady.  Everyone I've spoken to here has been kind, helpful and almost frighteningly calm and healthy looking.  If there's somewhere in Richmond where aliens are testing their happy juice technology, it's here.  Torchwood, that was a freebie, I've got more, just call me.I filled out a relatively short number of forms for a doctor's office.  I *could* have filled those forms out online, they emailed me a secure link...but I'm a lazy bugger and forgot to do it.  Within minutes I'd been greeted and led to a consulting room by a cute, petite chiropractor who was very helpful and listened to me babble a little longer than most people do.After my last experience I was wary of chiropractors, thinking they may all be scams.  No worries needed! They didn't try to sell me anything.  They did schedule me for two "adjustments" before the "report of findings" visit where they'll tell me what they found in the tests, which I was skeptical about, but still went to.Even on the first visit, where they were just running tests they found a problem in my wonky shoulder.  "I'd like to get you a therapeutic massage session." She said.I was worried that my insurance wouldn't cover it.  She flipped my forms over and looked at my insurance information.  "Yep! Says right here, 'therapeutic massage okay'!  We'll get you in for one right now so that you don't have another copay for that."In my other two "general adjustment" sessions they taught me that your muscles have memory and will try to work your spine back into the unhealthy position it was in.  They scheduled me for a short massage session after every adjustment to squish the muscles into a healthy spot.  Good times!They'll tell you that it can be scary getting an adjustment for the first time since it'll be loud and feel "wrong".  You'll laugh because only a complete plebeian would be afraid of cracking joints.  You'll laugh again after the adjustment because HOLY MOLY that IS scary and you're glad they warned you.  You'll probably also laugh during it because it is extremely awkward and silly to be manhandled around until your joints snap like that.After only two sessions my neck feels totally different!  I feel so much better that I've been unable to stop commenting about it.  My head even feels like it sits in a different, more comfortable position now.  I can't wait to go back for my "report of findings" and get on a special treatment plan.  If this is good, that will be better!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,6/1/2012,105,649,,6,1>YUM YUM YUMEverything about this place is great (high ceilings, friendly service, plenty of street parking... make a reservation and you wont be sorry) but most importantly- the food is delicious.  I got to taste the dishes the other folks at my table ordered as well as my own, and here's the run-down:CORNBREAD, HONEY VANILLA BUTTER- this was the only thing that I thought was just ok- I like sweet cornbread and this was more savory, and the butter was a little light on flavor.  Even so- it was a generous portion, perfectly toasted...***CRISPY PIG HEAD TERRINE, PICKLED MUSTARD- totally not as scary as it sounds... it's braised pork formed into a patty that's been dropped in the deep fryer... and then a little grainy, delicious mustard on top for good measure.  I could totally order a double order of this terrine as a main course...awesome.FRISEE, DUCK CONFIT, SHAVED BEETS, APPLE, FENNEL, BUTTERMILK DRESSING- Really light and delicious with perfectly balanced flavors. The dressing wasn't too rich or thick, there was just enough duck and it was cooked perfectly... Definitely not a dinner portion, but made a great appetizer.  ***FLANK STEAK, ROASTED FINGERLING POTATOES, SLOW COOKED EGG, SALSA VERDE- Really amazing dish- the steak was perfectly cooked and incredibly tender, the way flank can be when someone who knows how to cook it makes it.  Literally melted in your mouth- its by far the best flank I've ever had in Richmond, and way better than I could make it at home.  The egg was perfectly cooked (rumor has it they use a special machine to ensure perfection) and it was a great addition to an otherwise standard pairing or ingredients. ***BRAISED PORK CHEEKS, CHEESE GRITS, GREEN CABBAGE, MUSHROOMS, MUSTARD JUS- Not sure which set of cheeks on the pig this is referring to, but it turns out they are delicious!  Pretty much any braised pork is going to be good, but this pork was super tender, perfectly flavorful without being too salty or full of vinegar, and it was perfect over the grits, which were creamy without being garishly over-cheesed.  Plus, the mustard jus was so subtle you really just got a background flavor of mustard- it was mostly just a really tasty sauce that was largely based on the braising liquid from the meat (I think).  Overall, a really good dish worth going out for.If there is one picky complaint to be had about the food, it's that two of the ingredients listed on the menu were not present in the dishes- my pork cheeks had no mushrooms with them, and the frisee salad had nary a piece of fennel to be found.  I suspect that they ran out of these ingredients, and to be fair none of the dishes suffered for the omissions...   And, the prices and portions are perfect.  Two people can eat a gourmet meal here that they really enjoy and that fills them up for $40-$50.Needless to say, I'll be going back to The Roosevelt soon.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,5/31/2012,10,49,,9,4>Anyone who says.. "Richmond?!? WHY?!?, don't know what they're talking about.  I've gotten this reaction several times from co-workers who prefer being in North VA /D.C. and specially when they find out that I like Richmond better than southern cali.Maymont Park is just one of the few reasons why this city has a lot to offer.  Beautiful landscape with great walking paths and benches to sit and relax or have a spur of the moment picnic.I did the whole walkabout to the different gardens and the small zoo the first time I visited Maymont.  Today however was a simple "where to for lunch?" so we ordered take-out sandwiches and drinks, parked, walked around and found a shaded bench and had a little picnic. A blanket/mat is a great idea since you can sit anywhere in most areas of the park and hot days are just around the corner so take advantage of the cool sunny days if you have time!  I have not had the chance to go inside the mansion and buildings but will try to the next time I visit.  There are also a lot of activities in their calendar of events which you can find on the Maymont Park website.Have fun!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,5/30/2012,32,16,,5,4>I never fail to find someting here for my favorite toddler. A great mix of new items at less than suggested retail pricing and stylish consignment items.Recent finds included new in the box shoes for less than half of what a nearby childrens store charges and a Lilly Pulitzer sundress for my niece.The owner could not be nicer! When she did not have the size we needed, she took the time to check with the manufacturers website and see what other stores carried the same item locally! Realy great service!!!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,5/18/2012,757,404,3,16,9>Well I've been looking at all the reviews on here about this restaurant and wanted to try it. Now my wife didn't look to happy with my suggestion of it, as she likes American food only. So off we go to the Anatolia Grill and when we arrived at the restaurant it didn't look to busy. And when we walked in we were greeted and seated. Now our waiter came right over to the table and gave us menus and ask if we would like to order our drinks. So I ordered a Pepsi and my wife a unsweet tea. Now comes the part where the wife tries to find some American food on the menu. So not finding none she asked our waiter and he explained everything on menu to her. Now that is what I call some good service to explain all of that to her, he is working up a damn good tip! So now she is ready to order and decided on the chicken doner kebab. Now I chose the mixed grill which contains chicken doner kebab, adana kebab, chicken shish kebab, and lamb shish kebab. And both of our plates come with a Anatolia salad which has mix greens, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, red cabbage, carrots with vinegar, olive oil and lemon juice. So they bring us our bread and olive oil and it is nice and hot and yummy. But of course my wife wants butter and our fine waiter delivers on the spot. Now our food arrives and wow a lot of food as you can see in the pictures. As I go through my assortment of food it is all delicious and prepared well. And the salad was loaded with red cabbage and was equally delicious. Now my wife is not impressed as she picks at her food. But I kinda expected that as the food is not traditional American food. My wife is a sight eater if it sounds strange or looks strange she not going to eat it or try it. So I boxed it up so I can eat it later. Now on to dessert my wife got the creme caramel and I the baklava. Once again our fine waiter returns and tells me they also have chocolate baklava. Now I have not encountered this before so of course I said bring it on. So our waiter brings our sweet treats and my wife's is a custard with caramel all over it and is very rich. And mine is oohhh sooo goood baklava with a hint of chocolate in it is just fabulous. This restaurant is about the best I've eaten at anywhere. The people that work here will take the time to explain any of their offerings. As we were eating a table next to us wanted to know about the Turkish beers. So some one from behind the counter comes over with the beers and explains them. So if you want a good meal and outstanding services this is the place and if Deven waits on you you are in good hands.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,5/17/2012,1,10,3,5,4>I would have given it 5 stars but every time I go there, live jazz is playing (not a fan - but hey, it's Richmond).  My husband and I recently went for Sunday brunch.  For $14, we enjoyed an egg, bacon and cheddar breakfast sandwich, bagel w/cream cheese and two coffees.  The fresh rosemary on the egg sandwich added a lot of flavor and pleasant aroma with each bite.  Their medium roast was full bodied but you are charged 72cents for re-fills which is a little nickel and dimey.  On another visit, we enjoyed a STRONG (4 shots!) vanilla latte.  Seating is generally very limited so I would recommend grabbing a seat as soon as you get there and being polite by not claiming the space for hours.  The large windows create an open feeling while the decor keeps it cozy :)
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2012,5/16/2012,33,98,3,8,4>How to rate a place that gave me one of the best burgers I've had in a while, yet had a few flaws I couldn't ignore? This was tough. My GF and I stopped in on a rainy afternoon and this place was packed. I begged and pleaded for burgers and she allowed me to further pursue a weekend of gluttony. Diet starts tomorrow. Unless it doesn't. Thankfully we didn't get seated in the communal table in the center. I'm not European, I'm not opposed to all-things European, but I do prefer a nice booth. I can even take cramped side by side tables a la Edo's Squid, but a communal table is not my thing. Our waiter was prompt and polite and pretty knowledgable about the menu. I ordered the West Coast burger and Beki S opted for the Wellington. We shared a large order of fries with garlic aioli, jalapeno remoulade, and tzatziki sauce. My biggest gripe of all comes with the sauces. They were very good (especially the jalapeno remoulade), but they CHARGE for ketchup. I understand this isn't Johnny Rocket's and that their ketchup is made in house, and they're a "gastropub." But you just don't charge for ketchup. Paying $1 for a medium-ish container of the red stuff is un-American. You get 2 free sauces with a large order of fries (1 with a small), anything else is an upcharge. That's fine, but ketchup should be free. Oh, the fries were fresh and VERRRY good. My west coast burger was AWESOME. Even better than the fries. Juicy, just the right combo of ingredients, completely fulfilling any cravings I had that day for anything bad. Great cheese, bacon, sauce. Get this burger!The GF's Wellington burger would have been good if not for being completely overpowered by bleu cheese. I wanted to take that bleu cheese and spread it all over the salad that came with my burger. The dressing left a lot to be desired.I also understand and am fine with restaurants that provide bottles/cans instead of fountain soda. But not a burger place. I want an IV of Coke hooked into my body when I'm eating a burger and fries. Paying $6 for 2 12 oz bottles of Cokes wasn't fun for me.With a few changes this place could be 4.5/5 stars for me. Great burger, great fries, great sauces. Stop charging for ketchup, get fountain Coke, and otherwise be European and keep up the great work. I'll be back, but I hope some things change.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,5/15/2012,19,46,,4,3>Delicious Al Pastor tacos! They are so flavorful and very comparable to the authentic hole in the wall tacos that my husband and I are used to in Los Angeles. The Carne Asada ones were a little on the drier side though and not as flavorful as the Al Pastor.One star off for the price and for never having horchata (they've been too busy to make any) when I'm ordering from there.  I have to have my tacos with a big icey cup of refreshing horchata.  It's the perfect combo!  So, I end up having to swing by Casa Grande on my way home just for that drink.  It's pricey for just tacos, but I have noticed that most ethnic food here in Richmond is on the expensive side. Boo.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,5/14/2012,6,75,2,5,2>I'm new to running and doing my first 10k so I stopped in for new shoes after hearing multiple recommendations. I was helped by Andrew who was really patient and listened to me when I talked about concerns I had and issues I had been having while running. Like others said, you  walk/run around their mini indoor track so they can see how your feet land. Turns out I'm a neutral runner- learn something new everyday! After that, he had me try on about 5 different shoes until I found the right fit and didn't try to pressure me into buying a pair or brand I wasn't comfortable in. I left feeling good about my purchase and with a little extra running knowledge (runners loop so my shoes are tied tight in the right places!). All in all - I'm a fan!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,5/13/2012,1,12,4,3,3>Don't think you have to break the bank to eat here!The cheeseburger is the best Richmond has to offer and you can get it half-off at lunch when you eat at the bar. It is a must try. Seriously. GO NOW.The fries are awesome and you get a large portion of them.The moules frites (mussels) are also a lunch special and are delicious. Pro-tip: dunking your fries in the white wine and garlic sauce. Don't judge me, but I'd also love the sauce as a martini. Did I mention that the sauce is delicious?Put Can Can on your bucket list.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,5/12/2012,3,18,,7,2>Two of my best friends are interior designers, and they both advised me to shop for home furnishings at West End Antiques. It took me a while to get there, but once I did, I fell in love. This place is huge and it's awesome! We can spend hours in there looking at stuff. As long as this place exists, there's no real reason to go to expensive stores like Pottery Barn and Crate & Barrel where the furniture isn't necessarily high quality but costs a lot. At West End Antiques, you'll find dove tails and dust boards, along with everything else you need for your home at great prices. They offer delivery and even layaway. The staff is always nice and helpful. I can't say enough good things about this hidden treasure of an antiques mall!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,5/11/2012,35,126,5,5,3>Hands down the best hot dogs in Richmond and perhaps the best I've ever had aside from at Tony's (his brother's joint) off Newtown Rd in Va Bch/Norf area.  Joey and his staff are equally as great!You have to come here if you're a dog-eater... and don't be scared to order one more than you'd normally eat because his dogs are extremely light.  Not that they aren't filling, they just don't leave you feeling bloated after downing them.I have no idea how any of the folks who say these dogs are "nothing great" come up with this.  Perhaps they just have no appreciation for this style of dog... perhaps they like the huge quarter-pound dogs from 7-11 or something... I dunno.  The dogs have the tough skins that are just enough snap but not to the point of being chewy (like the Board Head franks)The only complaint I could say about the food they do serve is the hot dug buns absorb moisture very quickly and therefore get soggy quite fast_ especially if you have chili or sauerkraut on the dog... so when I order 3 dogs I find myself inhaling them to keep the soggy bun syndrome to a min. So why am I only giving Joey's 4 stars?  I'm just being a jerk because they are missing what I consider to be a staple item that any hot dog shop should offer with their dogs... french fries.  I know hot dog stands don't generally offer fries but this is a hot dog shop, not a stand.Okay, so Joey's does offer a few things that his Brother @ Tony's in Va Beach doesn't offer  (pasta salad, cole slaw) so I can't slam him that bad but come on... fries and hot dogs really do go hand in hand and I don't like having to stop at McDonalds before going to Joey's (I really feel like a fat-ass when  do this).Okay, so I know he's not going to listen to me on the french fry thing but perhaps we can all put enough pressure on him to offer a better selection of chips, like some Cape Cod chips or Popchips.  At least with better chips they will likely sell more and it will not affect the speed which they can sling dogs (which speed is why they say they won't do fries).All hatin' aside, this place is great!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,5/10/2012,245,1116,,6,5>O.M.G.!  All the hype you've heard about Stella's...  All the difficulty you've had getting a reservation...  All the trouble trying to find a parking spot.  Go, and you will understand!  We started with a spanikopita appetizer to share (four triangles, $8).  Best spanikopita I've ever had, hands down.  For an entree, I got a special not on the regular menu, but it was grouper with potatoes, mushrooms, squash, a drizzle of tomato ($25).  I'm not doing the description justice, but it was mouthwatering, succulent... perfectly seasoned and spiced.  And the serving size was big enough that I took half of it home.  My friend got the artichoke moussaka and said it was great.  She, too took half of hers home.  The service was friendly.  The timing of the meal was perfect.  We never had to ask for refilled glasses.  Beautiful decor in a quiet upper fan neighborhood.  You will NOT regret your meal here.  MUST GO!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,5/9/2012,20,12,5,5,5>So I discovered Belmont Pizzeria thanks to another local business who raved their menu and fabulous prices.  I wasn't quite hungry enough for something Italian but thought I would go over and get a menu and see what they have.I tried a cannoli that are made right there on premises as you wait and it was quite divine.  The blue eyed guy who took my order and came from around the counter to hand deliver it to me with a smile made it even sweeter.When one Friday night, I was decluttering/organizing etc. and had a need for substance, I called Belmont(which they deliver with a $12 minimum order) and ordered a personal pizza(white sauce/shrimp/etc.) and asked the guy on the phone what I could order that was a good side to reach my $12 needed total.  He suggested the garlic knots and said that they were really addictive.  My garlic knots and pizza arrived within less than 30 minutes which was surprising compared to some other delivery places.The amount of knots included in the order totally surpassed my expectations!  I was expecting 5 maybe, but the order included 10 scrumptious garlic knots drizzled with olive oil and pieces of minced garlic.  They were quite addictive as evidenced by me not being able to stop at one or two.  They literally melt in your mouth.  The pizza was also quite good and really enjoyed the thin crust.  Was nice the next day when reheated(can't say the same about the knots since there were none left).Also the blue eyed cannoli guy delivered so that made it even better!I've since ordered from them and enjoyed the pizza.  I did try the toasted ravioli and while good, think that maybe I just don't like ravioli toasted.Definitely worth a try.  If they could deliver wine, that would be awesome!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/8/2014,93,171,4,6,6>Beautiful park!  I'm honestly surprised by the amount of amenities available for free.  Petting zoo, Japanese garden, the Maymont Mansion.  This is definitely one of the best places to take your kids, or your honey for a romantic outdoor date.Maymont Park will also hold a special place in my heart as this is where my fiance proposed.  On the bridge in front of the waterfall.  Men, please take note - it's a perfect place to ask that special someone to spend the rest of their life with you.  Bonus points if you can get someone to photograph it.I also learned from a photographer that Maymont Park charges $50 for engagement photos.  I'm sure that's how they help fund the free park.  Just keep that in mind if you want to go back and recreate the moment.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,10/7/2014,13,36,6,5,5>If you need a treat, a sugary-fattening-delicious-treat, go here. Located in the old Ben and Jerry's in Carytown, across from Byrd Theatre.  Has a coveted parking lot so you don't have to let fear of parallel parking get in the way of your dessert craving.Creative flavors, and I don't know if they change daily. Donuts I tried today: Cinnamon/sugar twist, old fashioned glazed, samoa, Sauers toasted almond, dolce de leche, chocolate glazed.My eyes 'glaze' over (had to say it!)Loved the simple cinnamon sugar twist.  Old fashioned glazed melted perfectly.  Samoa - this is the one i was most excited about and it did not disappoint.  The Sauer vanilla toasted almond was not for me, i thought it was too much.  Dolce de leche was ok but I'm not a DDL connoisseur.  Chocolate glazed was delightful.Tip = day old donuts are 2 for 1.2901 W Cary St Richmond, VA 23221(804) 359-1119Thanks Dixie Donuts for the indulgence~
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/6/2014,97,66,4,7,6>My first time at Millie's and at a brunch restaurant - and it was definitely an eye opener with my 3 sisters!Food: We ordered the Devil's Mess, Cajun Mess, Huevos Rancheros, and Turkey Sandwich! And my favorite has to be the Huevos Rancheros, hands down! All the dishes were very favorable and was pretty unique to the restaurant in my mind (maybe because I've never had legit brunch before). The turkey sandwich was definitely a surprise to me, I didn't know it came with so many ingredients in the burger - definitely worth the try. Price: The prices were alright. But the portions definitely made up for the price. We ordered 4 plates and had leftovers for every single plate even though we did family style and ate off of each other's plate, to taste the variety.Service: We definitely came in at the right time. There was no wait and our waitress was pretty on point with everything. Since it was my first time here, I had a lot of questions about their dishes because the dishes' names can be a little vague. And let me tell you, the waitress knew the menu and helped us tremendously when we asked what was in the dishes we were interested in. I will definitely be returning to try something different and possibly bring a friend that is from out of town to try this place also!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,10/5/2014,23,76,3,3,4>I am searching for a couple of pieces of furniture for my new home and a friend mentioned the West End Antiques Mall. It's located in the back corner of an older strip shopping center. Once I walked inside I realized how huge this place is. Different vendors displaying their antiques for sale. The aisles go on forever! Plenty of assistance from staff if you are looking for a certain type of furniture. I only had an hour with my tight schedule today, but I know my next visit will be a three hour tour. They have almost anything you can imagine. Prices seem negotiable... Very cool.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,10/4/2014,83,61,4,4,3>What a great place to pass the time! From top to bottom, this place is a happy little oasis for me. Whether it's coffee, tea, lunch, an intimate concert, or a glass of wine one evening, this place encourages you to relax and be yourself.The staff is friendly, remembers your name, drink, Twitter handle, and the story about when you first got your pets. The coffee is delicious and traditionally made--a point they're keen to make sure you're aware of, in case you're coming in for something a little contemporary (read: the things you've come to expect from places like Starbucks). Menu offers baked goods for all dietary backgrounds, delicious sandwiches and salads made to order, as they're ordered, with fresh ingredients, and a variety of alcoholic beverages for those who prefer their coffee house experience to have a little more of a kick! They're great for breakfast, lunch, snack, and acoustic concerts.Check out their performance schedule, board games, patio, and comfy seating.Enjoy!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,10/3/2014,3,28,2,3,5>This was the first bridal store I visited when shopping for a wedding dress. I was a bit nervous and had no idea what I was really looking for. My consultant was so friendly and down to earth that I was eased immediately. She let my friends and I pick through some of the dresses and she picked some that she thought would look best on me. Most of the dresses actually fit, so I got a good idea of what it would look like. I found the "one" but had another appointment at a store down the street. We headed to the next appointment, and it didn't even compare. We headed back that afternoon and put a deposit on the gown. It took about 6 months to come in. I just had my final fitting and everything has been great. I would definitely recommend Bridal Elegance. I think they had a wider range of prices, sizes and variety compared to my other experience.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/2/2014,13,13,3,3,4>This is one of our favorite places to visit!! we really love this place because we can still stay on our diet since the whole restaurant is gluten free. They have the absolute best pico de gallo, very fresh... all their food taste fresh.My 1st time trying cactus, it was very yummy. Also beef tounge is really good. Some unusual stuff but its awesome. I will also like to point out that the Margaritas are made with real juice and sweetened with agave! AMAZING!Only downside is I wish it was a little bigger. They should expand. Its hard to come in with a big group, its a solo or couples place.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,10/1/2014,31,101,6,6,3>My girlfriend used to work on the Northside of Richmond so we've eaten here a lot. We heard about DOTs Back Inn because Guy Fieri plugged it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. I wish I could say I've ordered a lot of different things on the menu but I can't. I ordered what they list on the menu as a "Steak and Cheese sub".  I fully expected to get something that resembled a Philly Cheesesteak but what I got instead was something that can best be described as an In-N-Out double-double with grilled onions on a sub roll.For those that don't know what In-N-Out is, this is some pretty high praise.  The description is "top sirloin and cheese with grilled onions, lettuce, tomato and mayo" where I come from this is a burger on a sub roll instead of a bun.The nomenclature threw me off but I'm glad it did.  My taste buds were in heaven. The grilled onions infused with the ground top sirloin created a symphony of flavor.  It's very good and I get it almost every time I go.  The other item we've tried is the tuna melt. The reason it's so popular is because they make the tuna fresh, probably daily. Between fresh and canned tuna, obviously the difference is night and day.  Not to mention the cheese is always perfectly melted.  If I even mention the tuna melt to my girlfriend she will force me to drop everything and meet her there.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,9/30/2014,3,51,4,5,3>OMG- can the Richmond restaurant scene give me a break!? Another amazing choice! This restaurant has it all. A great spacious indoor bar, intimate seating, outdoor patio seating and an upstairs deck bar. I probably had one of the best cheddar burgers I've ever had in my life, rivaling any burger you can find in the city. Cooked to perfection on a bun that was so fresh that I could actually taste the yeast. I also had great draft beers from coast-to-coast. Superb salad and peach sorbet to finish it off. This restaurant rocks and it will be another go-to choice in my rotation. Well done Postbellum-
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,9/29/2014,1,9,4,5,5>Patrick Henry's is a Church Hill necessity. Whenever you are craving delicious pub fare, a beer with friends on an awesome patio, or even a fun night of trivia, this is the place to go. The staff is always professional and attentive. They are very nice and are always very helpful. The food is very good and they have a surprisingly wide variety of options. There are three sections to this place: the basement bar (smoky but fun), upstairs restaurant (quiet and quaint), and outdoor patio (awesome!)
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,3/14/2012,49,116,4,4,6>Everybody's talking about it and what they're saying is true: The Roosevelt is amazing. I love what has been done with the old Que Pasa location in Church Hill.  Completely re-done, decorated to the period of the building and neighborhood, the menu also celebrates the south. Roasted catfish, bourbon cocktails, coca cola cake..! yeah you heard me, coca cola cake. GO EAT SOME. Plus, the very attractive staff all wear adorable mixed and matched plaid shirts.  Bottom line - whatever you're looking at or putting in your mouth at The Roosevelt is sure to please you.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,11/4/2012,16,82,3,7,3>How have I gone this long without a Dots review?Now that this is one of our neighborhood joints we are here frequently.  A word to the wise - go at off hours or be prepared to wait.  So, what is there to love about Dot's that makes it worth the wait?No beer over $5.50Delicious daily specials (shrimp and poblano torta, honey fried chicken...yumm)AWESOME hot wingsSweet potatosPerfectly cooked steaksYummy desserts (like a blueberry muffin ice cream sandwich)Great serviceGreat pricesVegetarian options*sigh*  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,11/3/2012,66,91,2,4,3>All hail Kate Montgomery, queen of the curly hair cut!Had my cut and color with Kate M. yesterday.  It was outstanding!  I love my hair and will definitely see her again. She started by dry cutting my hair, and i love the way she cut it. She only took about a half inch off of the length, but when it curls now, it really curls up, giving the illusion that I cut a lot of hair off. And it looks good with my face shape.She then highlighted my hair with some low-lights to get me where i wanted to be. I have dark brown hair naturally and the all over color i had before had turned brassy and made the color look red. I was looking to go more copper or honey colored. The partial foils turned out great.  She then toned all of my hair to make the brassiness go away.  All around a great improvement.She used DevaCurl products that i had never seen before.  They seemed to work great and she told me step by step what she was doing. I read their book while I was drying later and the whole concept totally made sense. She even gave me a business card with how to do everything she did on the back.  Awesome.  As soon as I run out of my current products, I will use these.Also, she did not pressure me to buy a single thing.  It was wonderful. She knew I had some stuff I was currently using, so she didn't make me feel like I had to buy the stuff she used to have great hair.  She gave me some great tips on how to dry my hair and it's stuff I can do as a non-beauty professional. She also asked how i heard about the salon, and I said Yelp! She was very excited to hear that.  I also told her the fact that she specializes in curly hair made my day.Now the whole adventure was not cheap, $160 pre-tip for everything.  I have it regimented that I usually alternate the cut and coloring of my hair to not have to drop so much cash at one time. My DH was not to thrilled about the cost, but he is a guy and has no clue how much women's cuts and color in Richmond cost!I think I have found my new hair stylist.  Kate, don't go anywhere!!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,11/1/2012,119,447,3,6,5>Coming to Urban Farmhouse is like hanging out in your hippy chic friend's roomy loft apartment.I love the look of Urban farmhouse: bright, high ceilings, wood, brick, colorful local art, a good amount of tables, comfy chairs, large windows, and displays in the back showcasing wine and other things to buy.They offer a variety of drinks, teas, sandwiches, baked goods, and snacks. Lots of the stuff is organic, local, and they have a lot to offer both the more and the less conscientious. The food won't blow your mind but it is good. Everything is fresh and, from what I've experienced, they have nice portions and offer a simple, but they don't try and over-extend or complicate things: what they do is well done and tasty.This would be an easy place to pop into if you worked in the area or needed a quick break from work. I'd imagine it could get crowded, but during my 10:30am visit, it was comfortable: enough people to make it feel like a cool place, but not so crowded you were rubbing elbows. Unfortunately, it's a bit of a walk from where I am... But if parking wasn't such a hassle, I'd be back here often.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,10/31/2012,61,189,3,5,5>I try to wait until I've been to a place a few times before writing a review so I can get a good menu sampling, but it's not necessary with Dixie Chicken. They do chicken and they do chicken extremely well!  Thank you fellow Yelpers for putting these other reviews up or I might not have found them. If I'm ever on death row (No plans to be, but just saying) and get a last meal, this makes my top 3 list.My first visit was solo and I got a chicken combo with a breast. I've never seen such a large chicken breast and was filled up after one piece! I had cole slaw and hoppin' John (a first for this California guy.) the chicken is tender and juicy like I've never had before at any restaurant or at home. It's also made fresh to order, which just adds extra points. My second trip was yesterday and I brought my visiting parents. We knew we didn't want to cook on this 103 degree day so this decision came easy. We got a couple of 10-piece orders to feed us and the two nieces, and ordered sides of coleslaw and cucumber salad, and a few soft shell crabs. These guys are so friendly and hospitable! Even though they were working and sweating their asses off during this late morning rush, they took time to chat while we were waiting for our chicken. They even gave us a sample of the cole slaw and a couple of extra cups for iced limeade to cool us off while we waited. Definitely appreciated!With food this good and such friendliness I'd love to eat here everyday if I could.  It's the best fried chicken I've had...period.  We all got filled up and have several leftover pieces to fight over today.If you like fried chicken and genuine southern hospitality, Dixie Chicken deserves your business. Yelp says I'm a "regular" now and that just makes me smile because it's happily true.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,10/30/2012,46,100,,6,8>WOW!!!!! This is the best Chinese food in the entire Richmond metropolitan area. After hearing about this place from many friends, articles, and co-workers, I decided to give it a try for lunch. We arrived around 11:30, and the place was already starting to fill up. We were sat right away, and had a server come over almost immediately. She was very prompt and attentive. For starters: the Hot Numbing Beef. I will say this is one of the best, most unique appetizers I have ever had.  The dish reminds me of warm beef jerky with a sticky, sweet, and spicy sauce with hot peppers. We all agreed it was excellent and most delicious.Next, we had egg drop soup, which was also delicious (pretty standard though), followed by a lightly fried, but soft Spring Roll (probably one of the better ones I have ever had).For the main course, two of us ordered General Tso's chicken (I know it's boring). I will say it differed from the standard General Tso's chicken, in that it had more of a orange-colored, sweet and sour type sauce (but still somewhat spicy). It was very good, also one of the better General Tso's chicken dishes I have ever had. My other co-worker ordered a Chef's special twice fried pork belly dish which was fantastic! We all had fried rice as well (which was done well, not too greasy).The only downside to this place is the location (out in god-awful Short Pump suburbia, next to god-awful Wal-Mart).Overall, highly recommended food and quality!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,10/29/2012,44,170,3,5,3>Ahhh....living the life of fresh pasta...one of my dreams come true!Over the past couple summers, I had the pleasure of buying pasta at the SOTJ Farmer's Market- now, he has since opened this awesome store and I live only a few blocks away.  Why it took me so long, I have no idea but this place is freaking awesome.I didn't think his pasta could get any fresher until I walked in and was watching part of the process that was going on while he was at the store.  It's visually amazing and I strongly urge any of you fresh pasta virgins to go check this place out this weekend!Do yourself a favor and quit buying dried pasta from your grocer and support out local businesses!Oh yeah, did I mention the black pepper pasta is amazing?Take care & Savor it up!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,10/28/2012,51,183,1,4,4>A friend had been hearing good things about Hogshead Cafe so we decided to head over for lunch one recent Saturday. We heard the restaurant had a barbecue focus, and although I wasn't in the mood for barbecue this day, the menu seemed extensive enough that I figured I'd find something I wanted. Little did I know that once we saw the full menu and all of the specials that I'd be wanting to order half the items available.Hogshead is located in a small shopping center, adjacent to a now shuttered Red, Hot & Blue. The restaurant is small, maybe 40 seats, and those 40 seats are pretty close together. We showed up at 1pm on a Saturday and there were maybe 2 other tables seated. Within 15 minutes of our arrival though, every seat was full and carry out orders were flowing steady out the door. We started off all ordering large limeades before we even saw the menu. The large limeade comes in a quart size jar, filled to the brim - a good thing because at $4 a pop I don't want to order a second. We had a tough time deciding on our food - a lot of the specials sounded good and we were hungry. Between the three of us, we finally settled on the Hog Dog, Hog Burger, and a special po boy with fried green tomatoes, grilled shrimp, and bacon.  The Hog Dog is a bacon wrapped jumbo beef hot dog, deep fried & topped with pulled pork, BBQ sauce & cole slaw.  The Hog Burger was topped with pepper jack cheese, bacon, pulled pork, onion rings, cole slaw & BBQ sauce. These are some serious sandwiches and neither guy that ordered their respective sandwich was able to finish it. But they were tasty. I tried both and while it all sounds over the top, all of the toppings really worked well together and the meats were cooked well. My friend was even able to order his bigger rare and it was served a perfect rare. I devoured the shrimp po boy. You get what you order here. They completely deliver on the flavors and the execution of the food so that we were all completely satisfied, and a little surprised by how good everything was. We also tried the wedge salad (pretty typical) and the sweet potato fries. The fries are definitely a sweet treat - maybe not for every meal, but somewhat addictive in their sweetness which is amplified by the maple dipping sauce they're served with.As for service, I think there was one server working and she worked that restaurant well. I won't say she was super friendly, but completely professional and polite. Either way, that restaurant filled fast and she never missed a beat so I was impressed.Overall, I'm really looking forward to returning. And as I find myself meeting bigger crowds and longer waits at some of my favorite restaurants in Richmond, I hope Hogshead starts looking at expanding their space now.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,10/27/2012,61,89,1,4,4>I'm a beer snob too.  And this place is definitely worth a stop.  The casual warehouse atmosphere reminds of the Brooklyn Brewery up in Brooklyn.  And the beer is just as good - dare I say better?  Ouch, my New York Roots just kicked me in the shin... Anyway:  I've found that Hardywood is a great place to  spend a Saturday afternoon, sitting at a picnic table in the open air warehouse watching the staff and friends mash fruit for the latest specialty brew, admiring the wall of Bourbon Barrels that are quietly making that delicious Bourbon Cru, and conversatin' about the deliciousness of the beer.  The staff is amazingly friendly and there is a a real house party feel to the place (i mean that in a good way).   For instance:  "need to use the bathroom? Oh, yeh, it's back through the office, go ahead."And so you walk through the brewery's offices and use their bathroom.  Pretty cool...Again, I am a beer snob.  Hardywood's Beers are GOOD.  Shockingly so, given the mediocre lullaby we are used to here in Richmond from Legend,and the bygone Richbrau (no offense -- I just don't think it is/was real craft beer).  Highly recommend the Cru (I am a big fan of the new Barrel Aged phenom going on with Craft Beers and Hardywood's Bourbon Cru is a great example), but the Hoplar is great as well.  Bring your growlers, and fill 'em up!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,10/26/2012,114,325,1,7,5>Super fun Colombian restaurant! I thank Groupon for alerting me of this hidden gem.Quiubo Pues is located right next to a Latin dance/nightclub and a hotel. The club might even be owned by the same person.Since we came for lunch, the restaurant was the only part in business. The place was relatively empty with only a few other patrons, but it looked promising. The interior was colorfully decorated, complete with a Colombian flag. We were seated in a booth in the upper part of the restaurant.As this was my first Colombian food experience, I was eager to try a lot of different things. I ordered an empanada plus the sopa de mariscos (seafood soup). Avery ordered the Bandeja Paisa (steak, egg, avocado, sausage, plantain, rice, beans, and this bacon-like meat) and a cup of strawberry juice. He LOVED the strawberry juice, which came in a huge glass SANS ice (which means you actually got a lot of real juice). Both main dishes were super delicious! I suppose my seafood soup was a bit fishy, but I was fine with it (I didn't expect much in terms of super fresh seafood in Richmond, VA); plus, it came with a pretty substantial portion of yummy crab legs and a ton of shrimp. The empanada was different, with a fried cornmeal instead of flour dough crust. The filling was also more potato-y and less meaty.Throughout the meal, I was eavesdropping on this older lady seated right behind me who was dining alone and tried to speak Spanish throughout the entire meal. Although she had a pretty heavy American accent, she was trying very hard to practice, and the waitress was very understanding and helpful. It was pretty amusing, and reminded me of my time in Guatemala this summer. Our waitress was super friendly and tried to make our first dining experience at Quiubo Pues enjoyable. At the end of the meal, she told us about the freshly-made-in-house desserts (not on the menu), which consisted of flan and tres leches cake that day. We opted to try the tres leches cake. Not only was the cake creamy and delicious, but when it was brought over our waitress said "she" [which I guess referred to the restaurant matriarch?] said it was on the house!I loved my meal at Quiubo Pues and can't wait to come back to try other things! I already have my eye on the tripe dish...
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/25/2012,13,34,4,6,5>Yelp is all about cool, local businesses, right? Well, Yesterday's Jewels is as good as it gets. This is a small, off the beaten path jewelry store that offers a solid assortment of estate and new items. It's right in "downtown" Mechanicsville on Richmond's eastern side. Everyone always refers to the bank that literally is a huge windmill when talking about this little main street.  As a bonus it is very close to Carter's Pig Pen BBQ so you can get your fix after getting adorned. Carter's will have to be my next review. Back to the jewels...The coolest thing about Yesterday's Jewels is the jeweler himself, Bill. He is usually at the shop and if you don't see him, he is back behind his counter fixing something. Bill is a true jeweler and a gentleman. He will give you the honest scoop on whatever  he has in stock or whatever you bring him. He is the perfect person to ask about that old antique ring or other piece of jewelry that was handed down to you. My favorite part of the store is not the estate or new pieces that he has for sale. Ask Bill about the things that he made personally. There are always a few in the store. I purchased my wife's engagement ring at this store several years ago and the ring was one that he made. Talk to him about your ideas and maybe he can work something up for you. You will walk out with a unique piece that was made by the guy you just talked to. Don't go to Jared's....check out Yesterday's Jewels. To top  it all off, Bill is also a local author. He has a series of books that he has written that are loosely based on his family's history in America. What else could you want?
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,4/28/2012,6,31,2,6,2>PIZZA PERFECTION! If you love pizza you will love Pizza tonight. If you love eating fantastic pizza on your couch, in your pajamas, and without having to tip a driver that is 30 minutes late, then you will lose your mind for Pizza Tonight. I exercised poor decision making when I decided to live south of the river. While this decision saves me money on the mortgage, it cost me my ability to order in good pizza. Pizza tonight saved me from my greasy fate of eating chain pizzas that are terrible for my health, taste buds, and my wallet. I order pizza kits weekly from relay foods and I also pick up a kit or some extras at the South of the James market where the oven is parked every Saturday. The kit comes with 2 balls of dough, enough sauce for both pies, and their magic sprinkle spice blend. Also pickup a ball of fresh mozzarella and you are in store for a real treat. The red sauce is so bright and fresh and you will have to restrain yourself from just going at it with a spoon. If you do manage to save some for the actual pizza, top it off with fresh mozzarella and basil for a taste of Naples. The white sauce is also delicious. It's creamy, rich and slightly peppery. Top off the white pizza with your favorite Italian cheese and some shaved asparagus... it's to die for! The possibilities are really endless. Just be sure to follow the included instructions on how to treat the dough and you can not go wrong. I believe this is truly the best pizza in Richmond (with 8 1/2 coming in a close 2nd), and the fact that I can make it in my own oven is a delightful bonus.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,4/27/2012,41,127,4,2,2>So I head to Umi about three-to-four times per month, as it seems to have about the consistently-best sushi in town. I'm not a fan of the strip shopping center location, but what else should I expect in the Short Pump area?? Most of the time I am with business clients, which makes this join an even funnier place to 'entertain'. Why? It looks like a first-date kinda place for a guy who has spiky hair, listens to horrible 90s-era techno and drives a lowered car of some sort. Oh, and I'm sure the date would have a name like 'Bambi' or 'Krystal'. Seriously - this place is all dark-hued and dimly-lit with odd techno-ish music playing.While if I were judging a book by its cover, I would likely disregard this spot as a serious contender. Luckily, I am not and have not. Their sushi is really, really good. We're talking beautiful, deep purple-colored tuna, gorgeous Toro and impressive specialty rolls.Keep in mind that when it comes to sushi, I am a creature of habit. My order consists of the same things, no matter the location: tuna roll, yellowtail roll and two pieces of tuna sushi. It's my measuring-stick. Umi never fails me. Do I really need to go on about why I like this place? Maybe I do have a thing for mood lighting and Paul Oakenfold, circa 1996.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,4/26/2012,14,46,2,3,4>Wow! Wow! Wow! This was a serious 5 star experience! We decided to come here for restaurant week back in April. It started with our server Joe welcoming us and telling us a little about some of the featured dishes and taking the time to discuss the actual charity part of restaurant week and thanking us for being a part of it and doing our part to help. Big bonus for him. For starters we ordered the fried tomato beignets w// Roasted Jalapeño-lemon Aioli and Roasted Tomato and Jumbo Lump Crab with a Fresh Basil Oil. The soup was Amazing!! I ordered the shrimp & grits - prepared with Butter Poached Jumbo Shrimp, White Cheddar-Grilled Andouille Sausage-Wade's Mill Grits, served with asparagus, and finished with a Lobster Stock Emulsion. It was everything i had hoped for. I don't think I've had shrimp so lovely in my life. My husband had the Grilled Flank Steak, Marinated in Chimichurri served with Asparagus, Garlic Confit Mashed Potatoes, and a Caramelized Vidalia Onion Gravy. Also incredible. All meals were presented perfectly. For dessert we were lucky and glutenous enough to try all 3. Bread Pudding with Caramel Sauce and Whipped Cream / Bittersweet Chocolate Tart with Chantilly Crème / Fresh Made Strawberry Sorbet. The bread pudding was heavy - it IS bread pudding after all but it was divine! The tart was so good the bittersweet paired with the chantilly creme was such a perfect combination and the fresh made strawberry sorbet was the perfect light and refreshing ending to an fabulous meal. Everything from the decor, the service, the presentation, the food was 5 star. I truly can't say enough for Joe, I have never experienced service as top notch as what he gave us. My husband said it was by far one of the best meals he's ever had. Can't wait to get back and dive into the rest of the menu.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,4/25/2012,43,22,10,11,9>Okay, so I have dreams about that salad bar. They have this edamame hummus that I just love love love. It's $9 for just the soup and salad bar, which is pricey, but to me it's worth it, because I love everything on there. It's a small bar to be sure, but everything is always so fresh and tasty. The fruits they have in that infamous tub are of the super fruit variety: the strawberries are the size of a baby's fist. No actually, bigger. Like a fat baby's fist. Am I going on too much about the strawberries? I suppose if your establishment is called "Strawberry Street Cafe" it would be clever to incorporate strawberries, and business savvy to ensure those strawberries are amazing. I digress. The latest thing I ordered from their menu was the maryland crab cake sandwich. The crab cake itself was very good- it was distinctively crabby tasting, which was extremely satisfactory. Now on the menu it said that it was served on an english muffin, and at first it sounded good, but the crab cake did not pair well with the muffin, so I just ate the former, no big deal. Nice quaint decor, nice people; I like this place.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,4/24/2012,75,9,3,3,5>Without a doubt the only video store in Richmond where you can walk in on any random night and tell the clerk that you're looking for a movie that is "kind of dark, but not too dark, maybe foreign, from the 60s or 70s, with some sexy time scenes" and he/she can, off the top of their heads, recommend a number of spot-on titles. These folks know their film! The vibe in there is also very conducive to browsing leading to the discovery of little-known or long-forgotten gems. The owner did a great job of hiring staff who are super bright, witty, and laid-back -- the kind of folks who would receive off-the-wall X-Files fan art from a customer and be totally tickled. Video Fan...YOU COMPLETE ME!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,4/23/2012,51,5,2,5,4>Karina's Salon is very hospitable with many talented stylists. This was my first time here, but it will be my go to place from now on. After my color and cut I came out looking and feeling like a new person! Kaitlin is an amazingly talented stylist! My hair is very fine and gets tangled easily, so I like to keep it low maintenance, air dry, no products etc. After seeing a friend with a great Ombre look, I decided to take the plunge. I showed Kaitlin photos of what I was going for, she assured me it would be subtle but still noticeable. It was the best color and cut, ever. I received so many compliments. Now I will only trust her to style my hair. She is very attentive, friendly, and super stylish. I highly recommend her!!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,4/22/2012,4,36,2,4,3>We visited Mansion Five 26 on a Wednesday night.  The place wasn't very busy, but the food was still good.  I had the ham biscuits to start, which were not quite what I expected, but delicious nonetheless.  I had the Po' boy for my main entree.  The portion was sizable and the flavor was good.  I think its hard for a restaurant to distinguish itself with a fried dish, but the toppings made this one stand out more than usual.  A friend had the chicken and waffles and said it was delicious.  Price point for sandwiches is comparable with most restaurants in the city, entrees are a little more expensive.  Service was great.  What we enjoyed most about the restaurant, however, is the setup.  You have the historic home feeling in the front, swanky bar in the back and 20's theater next door.  Don't miss out on the opportunity to walk around and check out the entire facility, including the hippodrome next door which can be accessed via the doors upstairs.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,4/21/2012,11,16,2,6,3>I am sure I wasn't the only one skeptical of 'another' burger place in Glen Allen. But I really can't recommend this place enough. My family of four went for dinner. for about $34. My husband and I both got the turkey burgers, obviously hand made and hanging off the bun. He got "The BIrd" which had many toppings and I stayed simple with Danish Bleu Cheese. He decided on Parmesan French Fries. The kids got sliders and a grilled cheese. The turkey burgers were juicy and not even one bit overdone. I loved the option of having a wheat bun. The fries were good but I would stick with the plain fries rather than go for the parmesan. It didn't do anything for me.  The sliders were the perfect size for my 8 yr old and the grilled cheese was great (I tested them both!). Its obvious that the attention to detail inside. The interior is bright, with tables and booths. The menu on the wall is hard to read and would be much better placed elsewhere, but giving out paper menus at the register makes the choosing easier. We were never lacking in service, smiles or roaming (what I assume to be) owners/ managers. The place was incredibly clean and although not packed, had a steady flow of people in and out. Food came out fast and hot. Go here. Eat the deliciousness and know that you can come here and get a turkey burger, bison burger or even a marinated portebello mushroom burger anytime.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,4/20/2012,25,127,2,5,3>This is honestly my favorite Italian restaurant. My boyfriend took me here for our first date, and I'd say he did a pretty good job picking out the right place to go. I don't have one bad thing to say about this place.For the appetizer, we both split the mozzarella prosciutto. I was a bit iffy on ordering it at first, because the idea of a hunk of cheese wrapped with ham was just strange to me. But, we ordered it anyway, and it was fantastic. No joke. I don't even like ham and it was freaking delicious. I crave it from time to time and would get it frequently if I could. For my main dish, I had the farfalle au vodka. The portion is huge, and it's sooo good. I can't remember what my boyfriend got (I think it had sausage in it but I don't recall) but his was equally just as good. Every time we've went, the food has came out quickly, and the servers are knowledgeable, attentive, and polite. The atmosphere of the place is nice, pretty ambient, but it seems to be popular with the office staff crowd. Every time I've gone in, there's a table of loud snobby people that seem to think everyone wants to hear their conversations. Guess what. No one does. But that isn't under the restaurants control really, so not much you can do about that I suppose.I highly recommend going here, definitely not a disappointment.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,4/19/2012,13,67,,7,5>Pho So 1 used to be my go-to place for pho until I discovered Pho Tay Do. Since I get pho about once a week, I was definitely a regular. However, the trick to these small Vietnamese places is to figure out what they do well and to stick with it. At Pho So 1, they've consistently had the best grilled pork and broken rice dish (#31) out of all the places we've tried in Richmond. The pho here is okay, and it's more convenient than Pho Tay Do because it is larger and you can use debit/credit card to pay here. Although I prefer the way they cut some of their meat toppings to Tay Do, the broth here lacks the complexity of the pho broth at Tay Do, and sometimes it tastes like they are cutting corners by using beef broth powder or something like that to stretch the broth. Every once in a while I will still get the pho here, but I usually have to supplement the broth with sriracha, along with my usual toppings. The grilled pork here is mind-blowingly good, and the smell of it will hit you as you walk through the parking lot. The vermicelli bowl is scanty on veggies and herbs, relying too much on the pork (or other meat) and the noodles to fill you up. The bun bo hue here is awful. It barely tastes like the dish, so if you want to get bun bo hue, you're better off going to Vietnam Garden to get a decent version. The spring rolls here are so-so. You can get a much better version from Vi's Bakery on the road behind Pho So 1. The egg rolls (deep fried) are satisfying, but the version at Vietnam Garden is better. The iced coffee here is very good. Unlike Tay Do, it comes premixed over crushed ice, so you don't have control over how much condensed milk you want in it. It comes relatively sweet, which I like, but if you like more of a coffee taste, you might want to ask for less condensed milk. The salty lemonade (chanh muoi) here is better than all the other places I've tried it here in Richmond, and you have the option of getting it with club soda for some carbonation.Overall, I enjoy Pho So 1 for their grilled pork over broken rice, and I often stop in during the summer for a cup of their salty lemonade. When it comes to pho, however, you're better off at Pho Tay Do.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,7/22/2012,68,266,,8,3>After going to the the Farmers Market in LA a few months back, me and my girlfriend just had to find another farmers market to venture to here in Richmond where I live. I had my first experience at the 17st farmers market about a month back and it was lackluster and very very small. I heard good things about this Forest Hill Market and they were right!!! We arrived there around 9.30AM and I was a little worried at first we would be "late" but it was a good time to come. We, unlike other people/reviewers, had no trouble finding parking at all. We found one in the main parking lot near the entrance; although it was probably because we got really lucky... There is also plenty of parking on the street and in the surrounding neighborhoods. Navigating around this whole area can be a little tricky though because it is very tight quarters and you will have to maneuver carefully down streets that look like one way but are actually two way streets...On to the Farmers Market we go!! There were crowds of people moving about between vendors and just about every type of dog to watch/pet available. Everybody was pretty nice and weather was just about perfect (we went on an 80 degree day and it was only a liiiitle hot for us as we were walking in direct sunlight). If I had to take a guess, there were about 60 or so vendors there which included: bakery/pastry shops, flower/plant shops, meats, a few frozen treat places, about 10 or so fruit/vegetable stands, and about five food trucks which included: crossroads, boka, and sustenance and a couple others i dont remember the name of.We ended up buying a small box of the SWEETEST strawberries I had ever had!! They were sooo delicious. We also bought a peach pie from simply southern pies, peaches, kettle korn (I looove kettle korn and I had to buy it), a limeade that was freshly made on the spot, and two breakfast biscuits that were okay... that was the only thing we dont recommend getting. I think next time we go out to this farmers market we're going to try some of their specialty breads/muffins for breakfast instead!It was a lovely day to go the farmers market and the selection was vast and had a little bit of everything. I would definitely go back again as soon as I can to get some more strawberries and limeades. I also heard about these donuts that are amazing but apparently weren't here this time; we'll definitely look for them next time though! For you first time goers, I would recommend bringing at least 20 bucks each because prices can be a little high and you definitely have to get a few things before leaving!
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/21/2012,33,98,2,3,4>This place is a cool neighborhood dive/diner with great prices, really good unhealthy food, and a big ass menu.Not sure why I'm writing reviews when I'm hungry, but if I could have anything right now it would probably be Dot's. Unfortunately I'm not in Richmond  so I'll just sit here and think about their food instead of an actual choleric onslaught. Dot's has an unexpected diverse vibe where you'll see groups of really old dudes from Lakeside, next to a bunch of hipsters, next to Collegiate/St Chris grads with sunglass straps and LAX shirts. In all it's just a really cool diner though.They've got GREAT breakfast food. The eggs, bacon, etc are very good, but the best thing I've had was the biscuits and gravy. The best I've had anywhere. I've gotta get around to ordering a burger because the egg-topped behemoth my GF got was so good I had to sneak bites whenever she turned her head. They've got a pretty big menu that has some innovative stuff you wouldn't expect to find here.Always seems to be busy, and that's because it's so damn good and cheap.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,7/20/2012,6,75,2,7,6>Sugary sweet and oh so good! A few weeks ago my friend begged me to take the last bit of her cake from Shyndigz because she couldn't stop nibbling on it. I hadn't heard of this place before but was happy to finish off some leftover cake - oh my! Since then its been on my list to try it for myself and last night was the night!I really didn't know what to expect from a "dessert restaurant". But can I say I was pleasantly surprised! We went around 8pm on a Saturday night. There are a few tables outside and as we entered the shop I saw just how cute (and romantic!) a dessert restaurant can be! Tea lights lit up around the room, dim lighting, the smell of sugary treats. I went with classic chocolate cake, my friend got chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse, and her husband got warm chocolate chip pie a la mode. YUM! Seriously everything was so good! Portions are very generous! My group of 3 could have easily spilt a slice of cake but I think for the chocolate chip pie for instance that would be good for 1 or 2 people max. Everything tasted amazing and I can see why the reviews for this place are so good!Quick tips: - cash or credit (lots of people saying cash only but as of 5/26/2012 I paid with my visa last night!)- prices are $5-$7 for the desserts- cute patio but limited seating (3 or 4 tables with 2-person seating)- super friendly and attentive service- "like" them on Facebook as they post their nightly menuWill absolutely be back!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,7/19/2012,35,126,3,3,4>So this place has fast become one of my fav spots in RVA.  Everything I've had here has been good.What's even mo killer is they deliver!  And yes, the food is just as good out of crappy plastic containers as it is table side.On my recent visit, I tried the Chicken pot pie... yummy... but I must say the Fish tacos & She Crab blows it away.In the past I've had a couple of their sandwiches and they are VERY good, however for the price you might be expecting a bit more meat (Us big fat Americans have to have way more food than we need so we don't feel like we're getting ripped off).And did I mention the she crab & fish tacos?Let me tell, they have the best she crab & fish tacos!Okay enough said... Try the she crab & fish tacos... As you'll see from many of my reviews I normally avoid seafood in RVA and most other places that are not coastal at all costs... As they always disappoint me (when you grew up on the beach where lots of great fresh catch comes in daily it's pretty tough to think the crap most places serve away from the ocean is any good).... That is until I found this place and for some crazy reason, decided to try the she-crab.  Okay, the reason I tried it is because I was in such shock as to how expensive a freaking bowl of soup was that I could not help myself... I was dreaming about the opportunity to write a bad review of this overpriced bowl of wanna-be she crab.Well, they totally F'd me up because no matter how much I wanted to slam them for selling a bowl of soup for $10, I just couldn't.  I hate to say it, but if you have $10 to spend on a bowl of soup and you really love she-crab, this place has the killa-from-manilla when it comes to she crab!So hey, about those fish tacos... Okay, no more I promise, but again if you like fish tacos and you have enough of a pallet to appreciate them NOT being made with sewage-eating tilapia (yuck-fish, watch discovery if you don't believe me), they have you covered.  Excellent flavor, sure they could be better if they were local to the beach but the way they are cooked is sooooo freaking flavorful, it really does compensate for the fact the fish may not be fresh catch today.I can't wait to try some other stuff here.  Some advise, for lunch, if you're not looking to have an executive level lunch, this may not be the place for you... They are kind of pricy for lunch... Certainly by RVA standards, you'll be hard pressed to get out of here for under $20 a person with no drinks even at lunch.For dinner, if you're up for a nice dinner, they're not terribly expensive, if you know Millie's, think of them for dinner and that's about what you might expect.As far as the scene, since I'm married now, of course I don't have a lot of experience with the evening crowd and if there are any worthy one night stands or long term catches but it seems the few times I have been here in the evening they tend to get s decent bar crowd... But it could be heavily dependent on  the convention crowd.That's all I got.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,7/18/2012,59,129,,3,3>Definitely some winning dishes here.I tried the scallops and they were some of the best I have ever had (a big deal since I'm not really a fan of scallops). They were perfectly seared and flavorful. The Mac n cheese is pretty good, but i would suggest you get it sans bacon. In my opinion, the very large chunks of bacon in the mac n cheese are a little too much. People have raved about the crispy brussel sprouts, but I didn't think they we that good. Maybe that dish actually needed some bacon.The real star of this meal was the Pork Tenderloin entree - amazing and paired with black beans, rice and thinly sliced fried plantains.The decor her is tasteful and romantically lit in the evenings (there is even a grand piano to the left of the bar). Nice dinner date place.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,7/17/2012,245,1116,2,4,6>This is the restaurant where Daniel Day-Lewis took a lunch break from filming the Spielberg Lincoln movie and a photo that circled the globe was snapped of him looking very much like his character.  It just so happens that I was seated in that very seat when I ate here last night.  The menu was impressive.  Not very big, but it contained lots of items that me and my date wanted to try.  So we tried everything we thought would be good and shared it -- the pear arugula salad, the deviled eggs with truffle oil and caviar (not enough caviar to even call it that, though), the rock shrimp macaroni and cheese, the blue crab cakes and the purple rice crusted rockfish.  Everything was delicious, but a tad on the salty side.  When the waitress asked, we told her so and she said she'd pass it along to the chef.  The waitress, at first, hovered a bit too much, but once it got busier, she chilled out.  My martini was perfect.  Excellent spot right in Shockoe Bottom at the north corner of 17th and East Main.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,7/16/2012,69,336,,4,3>What a nice little find tucked away behind the Valentine Museum and MCV Putney House.  After placing our order at the counter, BFF and I enjoyed our box lunches in a bright sunny space  with wonderful view of the Valentine Museum garden, making it a nice spot for a ladies lunch.I opted for the box lunch  which included a sandwich of my choice (chicken salad on a fluffy white roll), a side, a deviled egg (how southern!), a homemade cheese wafer (also southern) and cute little cupcake for dessert.    BFF had a salad with a scoop of chicken salad (which also came with a cupcake for dessert).    Yum!So if you find yourself around MCV at lunchtime, duck into the garden for a nice lunch treat.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,7/15/2012,3130,648,,4,4>After finding Julep's on yelp, I knew I had to make a trip for dinner one night. I decided to try Julep's for the first time Saturday night. The food was delicious and flavorful. I started out with the caesar salad with white anchovy, which was tasty. I'm not a big fan of white anchovy's but they complimented the salad to perfection. I had the bourbon glazed pork loin for my entree. The pork loin was cooked to perfection, the broccoli was fresh & crisp, and the cheese potatoes were delicious. The highlight of my night was the table side fresh banana foster. I'm a big time dessert fiend. Every restaurant I go to I get dessert. The banana foster was delicious and one of my favorite desserts from a restaurant. My abs may not be happy but I could eat the table side fresh banana foster everyday of the week! The bartender did a great job with the cocktail I ordered from the bar . I choose the Spike Daniels, which was tasty with the right flavors. The bartender was pretty good mixing drinks. The service was awesome. My server did a great job explaining the menu and making sure I didn't need anything. He was very charismatic .I always appreciate great customer service from a waiter. The atmosphere was very professional and romantic. The decor in Julep's has a vintage feel which complete the restaurant. Julep's has some seating downstairs (where I sat) and some seating upstairs. Making reservation is very important. I seen some people get turned away because the restaurant was filled. Julep's offer customers valet parking. I had dinner at 7pm and street parking wasn't hard to find. Julep's doesn't open until 5:30pm.I will definitely be back to Julep's, so I can try different entrees. The banana fosters is a must for dessert. I've been to a lot of fine dining restaurants in Richmond; Julep's definitely held its own. If you haven't been to Julep's, it's definitely a restaurant you want to put on your Richmond restaurant bucket list. Take my advice, make sure you make reservations and get the table side banana foster!:)
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,7/14/2012,19,31,2,5,3>I visited Class and Trash after a long search for antique chairs.  Though the color wasn't what I had in mind for my place, I did not walk away empty handed.  This place is chock-full of tons of thrifty antiques - furniture, rugs and tons of knick knacks.  With two floors full of stuff, you will always find something you need (or just have to have).  The prices are very reasonable, but they do offer pieces for the more tasteful buyers willing to pay more for certain antiques.  The owner, Lisa, is super friendly and she even told me about the other local antique shops nearby, but they didn't even compare to her shop.Class and Trash is the epitome of what is one man's trash, is another man's treasure. Highly recommend this place!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,7/13/2012,56,13,,9,4>Jesse and the guys are just great!  We used them for a move in October.  When I called for a quote, I got just that - a complete price that included everything.  Other guys will tell you a price, plus taxes, plus gasoline, plus a travel fee, plus blah blah blah.  Not only was their estimate correct, it was also affordable. I highly recommend these guys!!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/29/2014,41,140,3,5,6>Always looking for new places to eat and remembered reading an article about this new place in Church Hill. When we saw the address, we thought, woah, that's far back there. SO GLAD WE WENT THERE.Impressed by the style, subway tile, brooklyn glam. I'm sure the cocktails are fab.We opted for beer and wine and were pleased by the quality and the price points.We had the chicken liver mousse, which was served in a little jar with aspic, and sea salt, and the most darling beet and parsley salad. I wish there had been some mustard. There was nothing to cut it with. There were FOUR crostini, which is really not enough for a whole pot of chicken liver mousse. They gave us THREE more when we asked for it. Presentation-wise, though, it was beautiful.He had the schnitzel of the day, chicken thigh, which was served over the most delicious fingerling potatoes with a side of red cabbage. The schnitzel was awesome, crisp, flavorful.I had the wurst and spätzle and I loved the spätzle, which was buttery, creamy, tender and everything you want it to be, but I hated the wurst, which I thought was underdone, not flavored well and the casing had no snap.  I'm a picky eater, though.We shall return! Gorgeous for a date night.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/28/2014,120,34,5,10,6>I've always liked Indian food but Lemon makes me love Indian food. I wish I could have an endless supply of the garlic naan. It tasted like a homestyle garlic bread with a bit more spice on top of a fluffy,soft flatbread. My tandoori chicken was paired with grilled veggies which had a charcoal smokey-like flavor, reminiscent of summer BBQs. The server also recommended the fried cauliflower. I was hesitant at first because I've never heard of such a thing but it was totally worth a try. The cauliflower was covered in a curry-like sauce which made the dish spicy and creamy. My descriptions really does not do this place justice. If you just have an longing for Indian food, go to lemon.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,8/27/2014,44,170,7,4,6>You're Ramen Me Crazy!  - Get it? No?  Ok, keep reading.I love that I am still able to try new places in Richmond and am still blown away by the fresh concepts and exceptional quality of food coming out in this "emerging food scene" that has been emerging since I was born and continues to emerge.  Stop saying emerge.  Let's just be honest about it, Richmond has dank food options and by far surpasses many cities similar to our size and has for a long time.I had a friend in from Portland, OR wanting to grab dinner at preferably one of our "go to" places like Edo's Squid or takeout from 8 1/2.  While perusing the yelp app, foo dog came up and I was like, "oh yeah" and she was like "oh yeah" too.  Now that's how you make a decision, a series of "oh yeahs."We were quickly seated at a table for two with menus and then promptly brought water.  Our waitress came, explained the happy hour options and we both opted for the "Hey Joe" cocktail.  A lovely concoction of Bulliet Bourbon, honey, thyme, and ginger beer.  Much needed and very refreshing.  We looked over the menu and decided to order a couple items of the "street food" and then decide on a couple noodle or ramen bowls.What to order:The Bao Wow, two DELICIOUS pork bello sliders.  Literally, an orgasm in my mouth.  Sorry for the vulgarity but it was so amazing, you must order it. Now.  We also tried the Gyoza, six lemongrass chicken dumplings in a "to die for" dipping sauce.  After trying the Bao Wow, I wanted to order more and more and more and more.  As for dinner, we opted for the Malaysian Ramen with a poached egg and also the Food Fried Rice.  The Malaysian Ramen was equally amazing as the Bao Wow and Gyoza.  I can't even explain it other than you must go now and order it.  The food fried rice was good but nothing to write home about.  I also ordered a to-go order of the Singapore Curried Noodles with chicken.  Good...but I think another ramen would have been a much, much better choice.Our service was great and the food was delicious.  Now that I know that the real focus here is their their "street food" and the ramen dishes, next time I'll skip anything else.  When you're ramen with me, you can't go wrong.  Get It? No? Ok, I'll just stop.Take care & savor it up!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,8/26/2014,62,150,3,9,5>Finally!  Good latin food in RVA.  Coming from FL, I missed restaurants where the menus are in Spanish and the food speaks for itself.  This place brought back a little home for me.  A place the serves me chicharron, fried pork belly and mini arepas to start a meal, will always have my attention.  Because I was so obsessed with the chicharron, I ordered the Frijoles Antioqueños which also came with beans, rice and avocado.  The beans were amazing and I cant wait to eat the leftovers tonight.   The hubs ordered the carne asada.  The meat was so flavorful, I kept eating off of his plate.  This may not be the fanciest place.  The seats are torn and its located in the Richmond Inn, but its clean and the service was amazing.  I may have found one of my favorite lunch spots!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,8/25/2014,19,26,4,7,6>I've had really good homemade biscuits before, but this place takes it all!  If you are willing to wait for by far the best tasting biscuits I have ever eaten, then you are in for a treat.  We got there during a short lull in the action around 1pm.  Most of the early favs were sold out. We bought the PBJ biscuits and buttermilk biscuits.  HOLY COW!  The owners are extremely friendly, attentive and happy at what they're doing.  These are biscuits that made with true love!  my wife and I are hooked!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/24/2014,4,9,3,4,4>Their ribs and macaroni and cheese are too much of a good thing. This is coming from someone who wouldn't normally choose ribs as a main course, or go out of my way to seek out ribs.  Normally too much of a good thing can be a bad thing, but definitely not with Buz and Ned's. Excellent original location on the Boulevard, but now since they've expanded to the West End, that's also another option. Awesome southern barbecue, you won't be let down with what they have available to order, make sure to try the okra and brisket always delivers. Buz and Ned's deserves to be featured on television and all the business they get from their publicity. Parking available on the side of the building, and the outdoor seating is great. If you can't find a spot on the side lot, look on Boulevard and see what is available.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,8/23/2014,10,49,1,13,7>Best of two worlds collide!  Turkish and Filipino food in one stop. It's easy to miss this family friendly restaurant if you're driving down Hull Street. Anyone seeing the restaurant from outside would have no idea what the small, inconspicuous  "Kamayan" sign means unless of course they're Filipino (like me!).  The scrumptious Baklava on display as I walked in was what clued me in that this was not just a Filipino restaurant.  Unfortunately, Turkish food would have to wait, I want me a taste of home! I ordered Sauteed Rice Noodles/Pancit, Chicken Curry, "Giniling"and "Halo-halo".Giniling is ground pork/beef stewed with potatoes and tomato sauce.  It will remind you of meat sauce for spaghetti but don't knock it until you try it over steamed rice!Chicken Curry is a popular Filipino comfort food and Kamayan's was flavorful.  A definite winner and a must try would be Kamayan's Pancit (pronounced as Pan-sit)  which is  made with Rice Noodles sauteed with pork/chicken and vegetables.  There are different varieties of Pancit/Filipino noodles depending if  rice or flour noodles are used in the dish.  Pancit is an international favorite for those familiar with Filipino cuisine, surprisingly not a favorite dish of mine but Kamayan Restaurant's Pancit/Noodles was awesome.Lastly, you won't see me walking out of a Filipino Restaurant without "Halo-halo" and this was as authentic as it can get.  Halo-halo is a shaved ice desert with various sweetened treats mixed in and topped off with milk, custard, and ice cream.  A must since Summer is Coming...
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,8/22/2014,392,449,3,6,4>Chiocca's is located on a residential little street, basically in a basement. The chairs and tables are super close together, so you'll have to scoot past all of your neighbors just to get back to your booth.As previous reviews have stated, the service is very, very slow. I ordered a pastrami and swiss, and it came out about half an hour later, and it wasn't crowded at all. My sandwich came on rye and with some store bought chips. The sandwich itself was very, very solid. One of the better pastrami sandwiches I've ever had. So come on by and try one, but make sure you don't have anything scheduled for later. You'll be at Chiocca's for a while.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,8/21/2014,89,171,6,9,6>Living near the West End (and Richmond in general), there aren't too many open green places to visit and run around in.  Given that this weekend was amazingly nice out, despite it still being winter, we decided to check out Joseph Bryan Park.And it was glorious!  There are all sorts of fun things here from tennis courts, soccer fields (seriously, they have a whole soccer complex with like 6 full size fields), walking trails, biking trails, foresty areas, picnic areas, frisbee golf courses, fishing, an azalea garden, and more.  According to their website, there is a 260 acre area to explore and enjoy.We basically walked around the entire perimeter of the place and looked at all the park has to offer.  Being that it is still winter, the azalea gardens and landscaping wasn't in bloom (more or less still semi-dead and green-brown), but it's immediately apparent that it'd be a really beautiful place in the Spring.  Heck, even in the winter it was still pretty enough.The people visiting the place really breath life into it as well.  From children to dogs to families grilling out to groups of dudes playing frisbee golf, the place is really brought alive with people having a good time.  That said, there are also nice places to just sit down and relax or read a book.The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars, and maybe I'll update this come the spring and summer months, is that it's a little unclear exactly where you can and can't go.  Sure you physically can go anywhere, but we ended up walking down a path at the beginning that ended with us against a stream with no way to cross it (other than a sketchy 20 foot log or a super long jump).  Granted, we just turned around and continued our stroll and ultimately were just out to walk, but I know forced backtracking isn't normally an ideal feature.Oh, and certain parts of the park are pretty close to the highway or other driving / parking areas.  It's fenced in by the highway and admittedly that part is primarily hiking, so it's not really a danger to kids or dogs.We're definitely going to be returning here and can't wait to return in the spring and see the azalea gardens and the general greenness that should come along with it!  The addition of sporting things like tennis courts, soccer fields, and frisbee golf also make it a great place you could plan to visit with some friends too.  While it's not the greatest park I've ever been to and not as grand as Maymont for example, it is a great thing to have within a 15 minute drive and definitely worth checking out.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,8/20/2014,245,1116,,8,3>I have been a fan of Croakers Spot since they were Eggleston's.  Remember when?  I haven't been in a long while, though so I was glad to go last night.The Friday night dinner hour was hopping!  We put our names on the list and were told it'd be a 30-35 minute wait, and it was exactly 35 minutes.  I got the salmon cake dinner, which comes with cheddar ranch grits, fried cabbage and cornbread.  I also ordered a side of macaroni and cheese and a limeade to drink.  Considering how every table was taken and there was still a line at the door waiting to be seated, I was kind of surprised at how fast our food came out.  SO MUCH FOOD!The salmon cakes, cheddar ranch grits and fried cabbage were all good.  I don't remember the cornbread tasting the way it did last night.  It wasn't good.  It was dry and dense.  The macaroni and cheese wasn't great, either.  The mac was overcooked, and the cheese tasted processed.  The signature limeade was amazing.Service was fantastic.  The host was friendly.  Our server Serena/Selena was friendly, fast and accommodating.  Price was right, and you get SO MUCH FOOD for your dollar.  I took home half my meal.Atmosphere is great.  Diverse crowd.  Energetic.  LOUD... people are chatty and seem to have a good time.  Great background music -- 70s, 80s, 90s soul, R&B.  Beautiful space with exposed brick.  Colorful art.Definitely a hot spot.  Unfortunately, they don't do karaoke anymore :-(
