<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,7/10/2014,19,94,2,4,2>Conan!  What is good in life?Tea.This may be the largest selection of tea I have ever encountered.  The menu is a small book with an index by location and type of tea.  If you're not a tea nerd, there are going to be familiar favorites like chai and earl grey and sencha.  If you are a tea nerd, you definitely want to go here.  The staff use thermometers to brew at the right temperature, so you won't get green tea that's all chalky and sad from being steeped too hot.  Water for refills is also at the right temperature, and the staff will tell you how long to steep for.  There are a bunch of snacks and light meals that are very friendly toward vegans and various allergies - want a vegan, gluten-free, soy-free meal or snack?  You will have multiple options to choose from and the menu marks what's what.The atmosphere is on the quiet side and the light is mellow, fine for reading but not too bright.  There are some spots where you can take your shoes off and sit on cushions, there are a couple of couches, and a fabulous pink comfy chair.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/9/2014,46,26,,5,3>I had a super time in Kennebunkport this past weekend! Wonderful music, beautiful weather and fantastic food! What else could you ask for? If you're a Mainer, you know it's a must to take advantage of the few months of good weather we are blessed with out of the entire year! This festival is definitely one of those events you want to keep your eyes peeled for in June. It's about a week long and you can purchase individual tickets for separate days. I went to the brews and tunes event on Saturday and relaxed to amazing music on the lawn while eating vegetarian pierogi I bought from the food truck (picture attached)! Tickets may be pricey, but fine wines, acclaimed artists, top chefs, musical talent, and the oceanfront charm of Kennebunkport is quite irresistible for those seeking a getaway from it all!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,7/8/2014,2,21,,2,2>We used Nothing Bakes Like A Parrot for our wedding reception . Let me say I had so many compliments about the cupcakes!! People had 3-4 cupcakes and wantedTo take the leftovers! Jessica was an absolute pleasure to work with and we couldn't have been happier with the cupcakes and display!!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,7/7/2014,96,87,2,10,6>It's tough to review a restaurant during opening week, but I think Slab did a great job and will help transform Preble Street. With the soup kitchen in the middle and some seedier neighborhoods adjacent, Preble Street has always been one of those "Don't walk alone" type of deals. This is changing. A block up from the soup kitchen and a block from Congress sits Slab, at the end of the old Public Market building.Inside is a surprisingly large dining room with dark wood tones and sleek furniture. It would be a chill restaurant even in the winter. But summer is where Slab will shine. Outside are rows of orange picnic tables that seat over 100. You literally could come with 20 friends and all sit together (we did). Outdoor speakers play an eclectic mix and the location provides fun people watching.Paper menus on the table have food on one side and drinks on the other. If you're not in the mood for a pizza-ish item, I may pass on Slab. You can get a salad (it didn't look so great), but nearly everything else consists of dough, sauce and cheese in some combination. In the world of $15 small plates that wouldn't feed a child (I'm looking at you Central Provisions), Slab is a revelation. The 1 pound Slab is 2" thick with delicious sweet sauce and slathered in cheese. If you're hungry, this will fill you. Or it could be shared. It's $6. The meat lover's pizza (I forget its actual name) is basically a slice of pepperoni pizza with a peperoncini on top. A little disappointing given the description, but it was tasty and the bleu cheese dipping sauce is a nice touch. Most of the other food items, including small sandwiches and other pizzas are $4. Everything was good, but not great. For just pizza, I'd take the thinner crust Otto over Slab, but the Slab experience is miles better.I was a little disappointed in the beer menu. With probably 15+ local beers on tap it should be perfect. But at least 10 were 8 or 12 ounce beers at 16 ounce prices ($6+). When my tiny beer is more expensive than my giant food, I take issue. Too many low alcohol beers as well, though some people may like that. The $3 pint of Narragansett is a steal. The small wine and cocktail list is fine but average.Service was great while our party was smaller and confused as more people came. It was technically opening day and we had a party of 20, so I think she did a solid job, considering. A major issue was napkins. I support saving the environment, but I do not support grease all over my clothes. When the entire outdoors is asking for napkins every 5 minutes, maybe you should provide dispensers.Overall Slab is a terrific addition to downtown Portland. Inexpensive and appealing Sicilian food with craft beer and some of the most abundant outdoor seating in the city. It's worth a trip.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,7/6/2014,71,96,5,7,4>I want to be clear about something, just to set the record straight. I want the world to know that I think Portland is awesome. For someone who likes food and drink as much as I do, it's kind of a little paradise. There are so many restaurants in its tiny little footprint that I would have to eat out every night of the week to be able to try them all. And that's not even including establishments a little further afield. But Portland was missing one thing, one thing that would make my life complete, that would mean I would never have to take a culinary pilgrimage to somewhere "away." And that thing is Lebanese food. That is, until CN Shawarma arrived.Sometimes I'd remember my days in Detroit and the delicious, omnipresent Lebanese restaurants and my mouth would begin watering for the soft, warm pitas with just a tinge of cinnamon, the savory, complex chicken shawarma, the crunchy pickled radishes, and the punch-you-in-the-face-with-awesomeness that is taum. For the uninitiated, taum is garlic paste. But not just, "oh, I put some garlic in this sauce" kind of paste. No. It is nothing but cloves and cloves of garlic and oil and it is so worth smelling for days and offending everyone within arm's reach. Trust me, you won't care that everyone around you is making faces and talking about how much you stink behind your back because you will be full of garlicky goodness. It's a satisfaction that has no match. If there's a heaven, it's made of taum.CN Shawarma is a slice of heaven then because they have it, drizzled over their AMAZING potatoes. I don't know what they do with them but they are both crispy and soft and sprinkled with sumac and salt. They have chicken shawarma, lentil salad, tabouleh, and lamb kofta. The shawarma is unusual, a little curried, but no less delicious than the real thing. And it comes with pickles. Not kosher dills shoved in there in a half-assed attempt at old world pickles but real, pink, pickled radishes. And you know what else? They're nice. Which really wouldn't matter if I were in dire need of Lebanese because, you know, sometimes you just need garlic sauce and pickles.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,7/5/2014,13,137,,5,2>The Maine Brew Bus is fantastic!  I was very much pleased with both the quality of the tour and the knowledge and professionalism of the staff. Our tour consisted of the following: A visit to The Thirsty Pig (beer tasting + homemade sausage tasting), Maine Mead Works (beer tasting and tour), Urban Farm Fermentory (kombucha & hard cider tasting + tour), Bunker Brewing Co. (beer tasting), and Maine Craft Distilling (tour + tasting). I will definitely consider doing the tour again in the future and will recommend the experience to any visiting family and friends.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,7/4/2014,7,36,,7,4>There are two things that I am always on the hunt for.   1. Blood Mary's  2. The best Mac n Cheese. I have to say, I am never shy to order a blood mary-- I'm a sucker for the savory brunch treat.  I have tried many since moving to Portland.  This is my favorite in the city, and the list for me is tiny.  I think the secret is not just about the spice concoction-- but also about the fixin's, and this place does both well (a nice touch with the southern pickled okra). As for the Mac N Cheese--- my list for this is a bit larger, but this place definitely measures up.  I love the brunch option served with smoked keilbasa. While these are my favorite items, I must say, this is a breakfast favorite of my mine.  The corned beef has is a good go to dish!  The wait can often be long, as this place is small, but the wait is worth it.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/3/2014,2,5,3,8,5>Holy meatiness, this was good!  We went the second night they were open and were impressed with how smoothly everything flowed.  Be warned that the portions are large, as are the prices.  But it's worth it.  We started with the shrimp cocktail and tuna tartare.  The shrimp was good, but the tuna tartare was fantastic!  We then moved on to a soup/salad course.  I had the onion soup, and it was exceptional, but by that time, I was already getting full, so I only had a few spoonfulls.  Thankfully, I convinced my husband and dining partner to split the 24 oz. rib eye.  It was quite a sight to behold.  Cooked perfectly!  Gluttons for punishment, we rounded out the evening with a delicious dessert of chocolate mousse cake.  Unlike the usual dry restaurant standard, it was moist, chocolately, and divine!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,7/2/2014,5,34,,2,1>A friend told us about this place after I mentioned that my wife & I both like cilantro.  He said the tacos have a good amount of cilantro on them.  He was right.  We went one day last week.  My wife had tacos that were very good and well loaded with cilantro.  I had the "Mexican Plate."  It was good , but not served with cilantro .  I asked for some and it was quickly provided.  The salsa verde they provide is also excellent.  I think we ate 4 of the little plastic cups of the stuff.This place used to be a food truck by the side of the road.  It is now an extension of their house with a gravel parking lot and a few outdoor tables.  We drove an hour or so to get there from Bar Harbor.  It was worth the trip.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,7/1/2014,0,11,,4,3>This is an AWESOME diner!! They have a good variety of food on the menu, friendly staff and the food is delicious. I had french toast and requested light egg because I don't like a bunch of fried egg on the edges of my french toast and instead of looking at me oddly, like I usually get, the waitress said she would do her best and it came out perfect!! They definitely cook to your preferences. Bring cash because they don't take cards and be prepared if it's lunchtime because it got pretty busy in there and some had to wait for a table.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,4/9/2014,0,12,,3,2>I had a cone with a scoop of Kentucky Derby ice cream. So good!!! It had a little kick of bourbon, molasses, pecans, and chocolate chips. For the few minutes it took to eat it, I was in heaven! They had a bunch of other flavors that looked incredible, too! Awesome!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/8/2014,9,31,,5,2>1st time visitor and I will be back Interior brick and artwork line the walls.  The walls are brightly painted with color giving the space a lightened-up feel   The seating space feel roomy.  Slate's is an eclectic way to enjoy your meal.Three of us got there at about 1130 on Saturday, we were seated within a few minutes. The special menu flanked two sides of paper.  Prices ranged from 10-15, I had the crab cake eggs benedict, with homefries, I also had a strawberry Italian mimosa which was tasty. The eggs benedict was the best I have ever had. I would suggest poppin' into the bakery for a treat for after your meau
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/7/2014,0,4,,4,3>My favorite restaurant in the Portland area so far. Greeted at the door by the owner, friendly and helpful wait staff, very good food, and an awesome little play area for little ones.  I nearly cried when I saw it: a chance to eat in peace with the family for more then 5 minutes!  Really neat atmosphere, loved seeing the kitchen on the stage.Had the deviled eggs - smokey! Fritters - yummy!  Grass fed beef burger which was good, nothing unusually fabulous but good sized but the fries it came with were sooo good.  Wish I'd saved room for desert.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,4/6/2014,139,60,4,8,6>This is the bar/lounge that Ron Burgundy would come to. It's dark, decorated in many leather bound books (OK they're just wallpaper books but they look cool), and smells of rich mahogany. I can almost see Ron here drinking scotch and complaining about Anchorwomen. But in all seriousness it's a phenomenal spot to get drinks and has one of the most extensive martini menus in town. Located downstairs in the historic Regency Hotel, I would normally categorize the scene as an older classier crowd but in recent years it has become a hot spot for almost all ages. At least you won't have to worry about peeling your feet off the floor or being shoulder shoulder with sweaty YOLO-ers like some spots (I won't say it but like a place that rhymes with "Gore Flay"). Great for a early evening spot or late night/last call, the Armory Lounge is on my list of best places to get a drink in town.TIP: I don't think it's on the menu but late night ask your server for the "Cheese and Cracker plate". With various crackers and whipped cheddar spread this snack plate will hit the spot after a few rounds.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/5/2014,1,6,,4,2>Cute place! A total surprise discovery. Very casual and child friendly atmosphere (diner-like) with toys nonetheless. Delicious home style comfort food. We stopped in for lunch, (pea soup with bacon and homemade grilled biscuits and a PB & J on amazing thick and fresh wheat bread.). We found the prices were very affordable, the service friendly and accommodating! We would love to try breakfast soon.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,4/4/2014,95,133,,4,5>I have been to other Bull Mooses (or would that be meese) anyway, I love the selction and assortment of all of the different types of music and entertainment.  The staff is always super friendly and I can usually find even the most obscure things that I am looking for.There are not a lot of places that I go to to add to my vinyl collection mostly one my favorite things for my wife and I to do is sit around and listen to records and Bull Moose helps me to add to this finer moment in my life.You can also get a great assortment of used CD's and records and every other thing that you might be looking for in the areas of books, video games and DVDs.You have to check this place out if you are looking for a fun little place that has a lot of stuff!!!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/3/2014,52,100,3,12,3>Chris and Paige Gould have hit this one out of the park! Generous pours of craft cocktails in prohibition style glassware. Punches for two, who does that!A menu that ranges from raw,cold,hot, or sweet small plates.  Plus a few with the option to go big, like the full flavor dry aged sirloin or the foie gras and millet granola( If they had a rice crispy treat on Mt. Olympus it would taste like this!).Even vegetarians are welcome, brilliantly rich squash soup, smoked carrots, the most amazing bread and butter plate ever!Stop in for a drink, and a few small plates in the bar or eat your way through the full menu upstairs you won't be disappointed.Exuberant,yummy goodness!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,4/2/2014,4,14,,4,2>If you like Greek/Italian you'll love Enoteca. This is a truly unique venue in Maine. The owners understand the food and wine like no place we have been to in Maine. We had two casual relaxed dinners with drinks and wine and were impressed on both occasions. Greek favorites as well as innovative twists on dished like kebabs, gyros and even oysters. We had such a fun time trying the wines suggested by the waitress.  The oysters with prosecco mignonette were outstanding. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,4/1/2014,35,19,2,4,3>By far the best breakfast in all of southern Maine. The staff are all super friendly. I hadn't been there in a year and they remembered me. They make everything from scratch. I always have an internal struggle between the pancakes, the southern benedict, and the Irish benedict.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,3/31/2014,3,6,2,4,3>My husband and I have eaten here twice in two years. Both times the service has been excellent. And Both times the restaurant has been full to bursting. The most recent visit we were seated, no reservations, during a very busy lunch after waiting maybe 15 minutes. Not unreasonable in my opinion. The hostess was very attentive and aware of the door, (A pet peeve of mine). Once we were sat our server was also very attentive and we were well taken care of. The food is very creative. We always get a large variety. The fried calamari is wonderful. Perfectly cooked. Wonderfully seasoned. The menu changes seasonally, something I always like to see. We had a couple of their sandwiches...the pulled pork one and a turkey one. Both were really well done. And went very well with the truffle fries. Always a favorite!I highly recommend this place. You always get what you pay for and then some.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,6/30/2014,4,9,,3,1>We arrived here rushed - trying to find a dinner before a show at the playhouse. Although the service was slow at first, once we told the man who seated us that we were in a hurry - everything sped right up. From the fresh baked rolls - the best I've had in a long time - to my haddock dinner to the coffee - everything was delicious. The service was quick and we had plenty of time to eat but wished we had more time to better enjoy our meals since the food was so good. We will go back - not rushed this time - to really savor our meals slowly.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,6/29/2014,0,4,,2,1>I love this place.  I loved it as a college student; now I love it as a mom.  Sign up for the birthday club and it us the perfect place to celebrate.  Who doesn't want a song, a sombrero, and a chocolate covered fried ice cream?  Yes, save room for dessert, it is worth it!Wednesdays are 2 for 1 college night.  Now that I've finally graduated, I go for other special days.  My kids love Cinco de Mayo there in the early dinner time when they get plenty of attention, sombreros, beads, and wax sticks for making stuff (creative kid toy!).  Also, it is hard to find a place that can accommodate dairy free dessert, but they have a kid size fruit smoothie that they like.  Bonus for kids, the Orono park is behind the fire station across Main street.  Take your dessert to-go and let the kids run themselves out!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,6/28/2014,3,11,1,3,2>A hidden Gem in Bangor.  It's easy to mistake Swetts Auto and Hogan Rd Market for any other off-interstate gas station off I-95, but you'd be making a big mistake.  Hogan Rd Deli packs one of the most robust beer selections in the area and a full sandwich shop into its interior.  Sandwiches are both pre-made daily (not weekly) and made to order as boast some of the freshest ingredients you can ask for.  Swing by in the morning and score a great deal on breakfast sandwiches made to order on Bangor Rye Bread bulkier rolls.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,6/27/2014,26,54,1,5,5>I was walking down to old port, it's about 80 degrees out, and I noticed my veins were swollen. Not sure if it was dehydration, heat, or what, but I knew just what I wanted, life blood juice! I love beets and am addicted to this juice. A ton of fruits and veggies go into it, and it's only $5. I asked for ice and the incredibly sweet juicer-girl offered to put it in a big cup as to not lose out on any juice. They were very busy but nobody was losing their cool or calm. I'm sure everything here is great, including smoothies, but life blood is my favorite. Apple, lemon and ginger is also a great combo, mmmmmmmm Veins no longer swollen by the way!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/26/2014,39,99,4,7,3>My labor was 18 hrs and my darling child was not facing the right way. Um, ow. I had an additional, excruciating problem called back labor. Jen was so capable and calm, I can't imagine going through that awful experience without her. I highly recommend  back cove midwives and also the birthplace at mercy, where they deliver. Such a skilled group of professionals. I am so thankful for them, they kept my baby and I safe.Ellie has helped me with post partum issues. They are just a fantastic group.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,6/25/2014,125,93,3,8,4>I was blown away by this place.  I have passed by Babylon every single day for almost a year and never bothered to step foot inside until recently.  I have only done take-out from here, but I've been impressed every single time.  The restaurant is owned and managed by a family, who are all great people.When I get take out, I get the entrees, which run about $12-$16, but are definitely worth it.  The entrees come with a LOT of food, so it's good if you're super hungry or if you want to get 2 meals out of it.  Every single food item I've had here has been delicious.  The falafel, lamb, beef, chicken, bread, salad, veggies, and rice have all been outstanding.  But the real key food item is the hummus.  The hummus is easily the best I've ever had, and you'll never find anything in a store that will compare.Since this place is on the corner of a very busy portion of Forest Ave., parking can be a pain.  But do not let this deter you from this place.  Babylon is definitely worth this minor inconvenience.  I highly recommend this place.  Plus, word on the street is that Babylon will be starting a weekend buffet around the end of June 2014, so look forward to that!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,6/24/2014,7,7,1,4,3>We went in early on a Friday evening for drinks and take-out. The ginger martini was glorious- well balanced, and flavorful. The entire place was sparklingly clean, and the staff were very friendly. When we got home and tore open the takeout bags, we kept exclaiming "I can't believe we just found out about this place- we have great Chinese food in Portland!" There was much rejoicing. The food was fresh and the high quality of the ingredients really elevates anything that Portland has had to offer in this food genre. The gluten free options are extensive and were as tasty as the non GF dishes.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,6/23/2014,2,9,1,3,3>I drive past this place at least three times a week and I finally stopped in this Thursday! I wasn't sure what to expect, but it's adorableness exceeded expectations I didn't know I had. I ordered a Snickerdoodle Latte that was delicious, but not too sugary, and a Cranberry Bog chicken salad sandwich. My only complaints would be that the bread was a little dry (but it was marble so what should I have expected) and I wish the latte were hotter. So cute and the service was wonderful.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,6/22/2014,3,40,1,6,4>Nice location with great open ocean views. Indoor seating that gets crowded during tourist season, but if the weather holds there is plenty of seating outdoors. Generous portions and very fresh. I had the seafood platter and waddled out afterwards.Fried fish light, flakey, tender. Clams were cooked to perfection. Shrimp was the small, Maine variety and was very good. Scallops were the ocean variety and just a bit greasy. Overall the food, atmosphere and portion sizes were very good.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,6/21/2014,67,81,1,4,3>I just moved into the neighborhood and had to check out The Local. I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised. There isn't a lot going on in Cape Elizabeth but this place could rival some of the Portland bars.They have a decent selection of beers and the wait staff were really good.I ended up getting the lamb burger with feta, tomato, olives.. very Mediterranean. It was very tasty too!This place doubles as the local cafe as well. I was told they get fresh bagels every morning and they also make some nice breakfast meals.I think everything is locally sourced too.I'll definitely be making this a regular stop.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,3/9/2014,1,7,1,4,4>I just realized that I began writing a novel and it was erased, so I am going to keep it short and sweet. DANA IS A GODSEND. I literally have the craziest job ever at a law firm and I always really look forward to my hair appointments with him. Not only does he do the MOST AMAZING JOB EVER, but his demeanor makes me feel better about LIFE. I can never maintain my hair - especially because I'm trying to grow it insanely long for my wedding (and he humors me with this). Dana does an exceptional job of cutting just enough - but not too much and manages to make my hair feel so healthy and voluminous. If you want to be blown away, make an appointment with Dana!!!! Also, everyone there is so friendly and welcoming. It's just an all around GREAT experience. THANK YOU 02 SALON.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/8/2014,44,173,,5,3>The hummus platter is huge. Hummus, pita, olives, and grilled veggies(onions, mushrooms, peppers) I couldn't finish it, huge! Friends had the fish cakes with a side salad and the steak salad. We also ordered a small sweet potato fry. Plenty for the 3 of us to share. Inexpensive but good prosecco, wines and beer. No reservations taken, but we did not have a problem finding a table.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/7/2014,82,33,3,9,11>Oh man, I had walked by this place so many times and been too intimidated by the fancy blue bar lights to go in. That may sounds silly... but from the outside, it looked like a place that served only $15 cocktails and expensive bottles of wine at a cold bar. Didn't think it would be a spot for me. I was wrong.They have a decent layout of bar seats and some booth-type seating with low tables in the back (which are great for meeting up with a handful of people). There are some deliciously creative cocktails around $10, a pretty decent beer selection from what I could tell, and a few appetizers. I was there meeting up with a big group of people and we were graciously greeted and served by Guy. I highly recommend chatting with him; he suggested some of their cocktails and described all the ingredients in detail. Very friendly and honest service, I loved it. There was even fire at one point. Fancy!My only complaint (which I would give 4.5 stars for if I could, but not enough for a drop to 4 stars) is that when they had a band start playing around 8pm... it was very very loud. Don't get me wrong, the jazz band that played was AWESOME and talented, but just a tad too loud for the size of the space. It was difficult to hold conversations with people more than an inch from you. Overall, great experience. I hope to come back often. Maybe watch some of the different bands that come through from the bar. I'm sure they aren't all loud? Cheers!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/6/2014,297,73,1,5,3>This location houses both a distribution center and a retail tire and repair location. I've been encouraged by the fair and consistent pricing across a number of vehicles and repairs. I've also purchased tires from them and had punctures repaired.I've always found them to be honest and straightforward. I like to bring my own oil and filter. Unlike some fast service drive through places, this has never been a problem. It also avoids paying a markup on premium synthetic oil and upgraded oil filters.They will tell you what your car needs to stay on the road and also the recommended repair. This location can get busy, so unless you're dropping it off, calling for an appointment is a good idea.There is a comfortable waiting room with a few chairs, a nice selection of magazines and a local paper. There is also a complimentary Keurig coffee service. Free wi-fi is also available. Ask them for the password if it isn't visible on a card in the waiting area.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,3/5/2014,101,201,2,15,6>Turns out, I like mead! At least the variety that Maine Mead Works makes.I take walks in this area sometimes, and I've walked by Maine Mead Works several times. For some reason on this day I walked up to that tinted glass door and popped my head in. I was greated immediately by an easy-to-talk-to woman, and I told her I wanted the whole spiel. She obliged and gave me a quick rundown about mead and the mead they make there, including the fact that they make the drink, the labels, and do the bottling all on the premises. Looking good so far!She asked if I wanted to try the meads, and I sure did. I'm not sure if she planning it this way, but the order in which she served them matched almost exactly my order of preference, from least favorite to most. Let's go through them, in that order:* Dry Mead - The Dry Mead, which I was told is their "standard" mead, was fine, but my brain kept trying to compare it to wine. Perhaps because of this, I kept thinking of it as bad wine. Not so great, but I think I could acquire a taste for it if I could get rid of that association. * Blueberry - Actually very similar to the Dry Mead, but with an obvious blueberry taste. This was not as sweet as I expected, and my brain was having a similar problem as with the Dry Mead.* Lavender - Again, much like the Dry Mead, but with a strong lavender taste. It was good, but I associate lavender with soap, so...* Dry Hopped - Now we're getting somewhere! This one tasted closer to beer than wine, but with a lovely taste of honey mixed in there. Very good!* Semi-sweet - Personaliy, I think they should all this one their standard. It's a great default mead.* Reserve - Like the semi-sweet, but more refined and complex. * Elderberry - Sweet, fruity, and fantastic.* Apple Cyser - This is their season mead for autumn, and it was lip-smackingly good. Like honeyed apple cider wine. Yum! I bought a bottle of this.* Spiced Mead - The closest mead they have to traditional mead I tend to think of. Vikings smashing giant goblets together in fire-lit halls and such. The strong, sweet, spiced flavor made me want to start singing Christmas songs right then and there. I can tell you right now I'm bringing this one as a present with me to holiday parties.After that she showed me their iced tea and lemonade, both of which were carbonated and dangerously good. I'll be back for these at some point as well.My experience with mead started with uncertainty, moved to skepticism, rose to pleasantness, and peaked at excellence. Yaaaaay!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,3/4/2014,29,27,3,8,5>This place is awesome!! The food is homemade, the service is exceptional. It's a diner but so much more!  We came to visit on a Friday morning, had a wonderful waitress who was attentive to us and our 9 month old (I wish I remembered her name I would give her kudos).  We both ordered eggs with the homemade toast (to die for) and we split an order of the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS. IT is a cinnamon roll sliced and then dipped in egg and cooked like french toast. It was amazing. Spend the extra $$ and get the real maple syrup!  We can't wait to go back again.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/3/2014,79,33,2,11,7>I went to Vinland with my girlfriend during their first week of operation and had a fantastic time. Ben was excellent with his suggestions of wine pairings and cocktails as we poured over the various options for dinner. While most of the food was made of ingredients that were new to me (a lot of this stuff has been extracted from French, Dutch, Finnish, and traditional cuisine), the combination of flavors and presentation make delicious and edible art that begs you to deconstruct it elegantly piece by piece and savor the oft-new flavors. As the first restaurant of it's kind to tackle the difficult task of utilizing only locally and sustainable produced foodstuffs, they are executing on their mission with aplomb.Highly recommended stop for anyone who appreciates sophisticated but accessible food and drink.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,3/2/2014,3,40,1,5,5>It took me over a year of living nearby to finally visit the Delorme Map Store. I thought "what's the big deal about a store that sells maps?"The giant, moving globe is in fact pretty cool to look at. There is also a viewing area upstairs so that you can see North America better. The store itself is far more interesting than I would have thought.There are maps and atlases of course, but there are also local sea charts, antique looking desk and free standing globes. There are also star charts and star globes. There is also map software for computers, portable GPS and hiking GPS units.They also have science toys for kids (or those young at heart) similar to what you would find in a Discovery Channel Store. We went there for atlases for the car (tired of relying on my GPS without being able to see the route it is sending me) and ended up finding 3 christmas gifts (in addition to seeing things there I would like myself).
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,3/1/2014,38,94,,3,3>I always have loved this place and finally made it back and wondered why it had taken me probably 15 years to return.  The service is wonderful.  The food fresh.  The pad Thai head and shoulders above another in the Greater Portland area.  The tom khar gai soup full of flavor, spice and fresh mushrooms and lemongrass which nice chunks of chicken.  We had freshly made spring rolls, and tofu fried rice.  This place does a very steady takeout business that is perfectly timed but you can also enjoy a meal seated at one of the few tables.  While you're waiting, peruse the perfectly stacked Asian grocery staples that are hard to find at the bigger supermarkets.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,2/28/2014,98,279,1,8,4>Tucked away on a lightly traversed portion of Forest Ave is an unpretentious Thai resaurant that I fear will fast become a good excuse to not cook dinner. According to the take-out menu, Sabieng (pronounced Sa-biang) is an ancient Thai word meaning "reserved, savory food that is traditionally homemade and eaten when someone is traveling a great distance." Luckily, I don't have to travel so far for the pleasure of their cuisine, as they are located a mere half block from my home.     The interior of the restaurant has no frills. Just a small shrine at the front door and a few more pieces behind the desk in the back. Otherwise, the tables are out of date and surrounded by mis-matched chairs resembling the ones my grandma still has from the 70's.      The service is friendly and attentive. Though she was the only person on the floor, and the place was filling up with a lunch rush, the food came out relatively quickly and the server made it a point to stop by each table to check up.     To start, we shared an order of fresh spring rolls. Not your typical fried spring roll, but traditional thai-style rolls wrapped in a thin rice paper. Quite good. We were also given a small salad with a few greens in a slightly salty dressing that was just delicious. I saved my empty plate to sop up the extra dressing with my spring roll.      For entrees, my husband ordered the Panang Curry with beef and I got the Drunken Noodles with Chicken. We ordered both at a "3" spiciness level, afraid that the "4" would be a bit much. The flavor and spiciness of both dishes were perfect. I was pleased that my noodles were not outnumbered by onions as is usually the case at other establishments. The portions were quite large leaving us full and happily walking home with leftovers in hand, though it was hard not to eat through the satiety to discomfort.    With my cold can of coke our lunch came to just over $22. Not bad considering we have enough leftover for another small meal.     We both decided that Sabieng is just what we have been looking for in a neighborhood restaurant and without realizing it, we had ordered exactly what we didn't know we had wanted.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,8/29/2014,2,4,1,2,3>I'm not awesome at describing movies, but  the staff knows what I want and save hours of scrolling through Netflix looking for that nerdy time travel indie movie with big words recommended to me by a coworker. And when I want to cry because my favorite Canadian sketch comedy show no longer is available to stream on my neighbor's subscription account, I know I can find it five minutes away in the Old Port. Their $40 credit for $30 deal covers the cost of my delinquency and the Incredibly Strange section is exactly what it promises to be. Should you go in and not be able to find what you want, the staff will be just as shocked as you are.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,8/28/2014,43,100,1,5,4>Beer. Damn good beer. I'll admit, I am from Vermont, home of Heady Topper, so my baseline for good IPAs is set very high.  The Substance is great.  It's got a hop you in the face yet smooth citrusy taste with a clean finish. Is it Heady Topper?  No, but that's actually a good thing. The Substance is a bit less alcoholic, a bit lighter in mouth feel but no lack of great hop, taste, and is sure to get you craving more. Heady Topper has some serious competition. For me, this is the beer I would reach for when I don't want something quite as dense as HT.   I like to think they are nearly on par with each other. Think of it this way, The Substance is not a "nearly heady topper" beer clone. It's a damn good IPA that is in my fridge next to the HT and requires me to think about which of the two I want to drink. It's a hard decision!This is truly a quality item that is always in my fridge because I actively seek out a case when available. Be warned, it sells out very quickly... Why?  Because it's friggin awesome.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,8/27/2014,46,78,,5,5>Have you ever stepped into a local establishment only to feel like you'd been transported to some chic corner of a city so much larger than Portland? During my first visit to Maps, I settled into the cozy spot and felt like I could have easily been stopping for a drink in some distant locale. Perhaps it was the traveler-friendly aesthetic that featured maps of distant places and a ready-to-go suitcase in the restroom, or maybe the quick trip I took down route 1 before my visit made me feel more like I was vacationing than I realized.Maybe for some the ideal watering hole is one where everyone knows your name and the regulars have been regulars since before you were allowed in. I don't mean to downplay the comfort of some of Portland's longstanding establishments, but every once in a while it's kind of nice to feel like you're experiencing something new and different in your hometown.I'll definitely be back, and I expect that as the spot becomes more familiar, none of its charm will wear off. The owners were delightfully friendly, managing conversation with the constant stream of customers without skipping a beat in refilling beverages and the complimentary cups of pretzels.As an added bonus, they have a daily homemade cake available. Stop by after dinner for their dessert wine and cake happy hour.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,8/26/2014,52,100,3,8,6>A real Po Boy in Portland Maine? Absolutely!, and unlike the ones in New  Orleans you don't have to push your way through drunken hoards to get one. My favorite is the fried oyster and shrimp Po Boy, it's loaded with delightfully fried seafood and served on  a sliced bun substantial enough to handle it. Everything comes with a side of there super tangy pickles and the have a good selection of sodas chips and beer.  Other favorites of mine are the classic muffuletta and the creole sausage and pepper sandwiches. The sausage  Po Boy is particularly good due to  the sausage not being in a casing which allows it to be better spread about the sandwich. It also eliminates the sometimes awkward squirting of other lesser sausage sub combos.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/25/2014,68,106,,4,4>It's organized, stylish, and a thousand times more inviting than your standard chain retail store. I can't believe I'd never been inside before; I've walked by it hundreds of times over the last few years. My husband is the cook of the family, and he wanted so many knick knacks that we ended up browsing for a while, though we were able to refrain from making too many purchases. The prices seemed fair and reasonable, and a variety of brands and products were featured for each need. The store has a huge olive oil and vinegar tasting section and also carries local sauces and treats. My mom was looking for an oddball item and found it upstairs, which made the trip even more of a success.We'll definitely be back here the next time we need a kitchen thingamabob.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,8/24/2014,10,21,2,4,3>Stopped by after hearing about their lobster ravioli on the radio.  It's always something I'm craving!  Service was fine on a quieter Wednesday evening.  Ordered the lobster ravioli and a side cesear salad.  A bit too much dressing but nothing terrible.  The ravioli was better than expected.  Very generous with the lobster!  The sauce wasn't overly creamy an the pine nuts gave a nice crunch to the dish.  Enjoyed my leftovers for lunch the next day. Will have to stop in again before they take the lobster off the menu.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,8/23/2014,27,4,1,3,2>I come here all the time. From pizza to sandwiches. I love it. I would suggest to call ahead. Not that it's busy all the time just easier if you are getting it to go. Seating is limited and more over the summer, but that's only because of the seasonal Ice Cream. Really the best in town price and personally a little better then B&J. And I would suggest a Moxie Float. For pizza don't bother with extra cheese they put tons on to begin with. Any of the toasties and the chicken salad sandwich are delicious!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,8/22/2014,28,11,2,5,3>The thing that I love the most about Willows is that it truly is a neighborhood establishment. Yeah they have delicious pizza, scrumptious subs and beer specials but what stands out is their warm and welcoming staff and their hometown feel.I took my cousin there who was visiting from Florida. We needed an affordable, kid friendly place. My 5 year old hates to go out to restaurants but loves Willows so it was the first place to pop into my head. I assured them they were family friendly as they always have a bin of toys for the kids to play with when they come in. When we walked in we picked a booth but the woman who works there on Friday nights suggested we take a bigger booth to make sure we had plenty of room as their were four adults and a baby. We used their child's seat and the woman even hooked it on the table for us to make sure it was set up correctly. They immediately fell in love with Willows before even tasting the food. Two of us got pizza and two of us got subs, Everything was delicious and the staff continued to be warm and friendly throughout the entire visit. I have been going to Willows since I was younger and it is still one of my "good ole stand bys" and I am so glad I got to share it with my out of town guests.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,8/21/2014,0,6,,5,3>They are a small little spot with delicious food! They have gluten free options which is a HUGE bonus for me (difficult to find places with this option!). They have salads, coffee. Sandwiches, breakfast options, smoothies... The only downfall is the limited hours. If they were open later I would eat here more often, I believe they close around 3/4pm. Seating area is small with a few tables inside and a few picnic tables outside that are nice during the summer hours. I recommend this place often to out of town guests & friends.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/20/2014,71,45,3,7,5>Leonardo's is by far my favorite pizza in Portland, delivery and eat-in. I've never had one disappointing bite of pie. Their veggie works is my number one, and not because I'm a veggie fiend, but because the amount of toppings is massive! Toppings always seem to be forgotten if there are more than two at other companies, but Leonardos far exceeds any pizza expectation. When I ask for thin crust, I GET a perfect thin crust, light cheese on one side? You got it. Never had a mistake made, nor had to wait more than 20 min for delivery (and that was prime time on a Saturday night!).  Their mobile app is extremely easy to use and I've never had an order messed up in digital traslation. After my first online order the even delivered a "welcome to the neighborhood" coupon for a free large pizza of my choice, delivery or eat-in. At this point, I'd even consider catering my wedding with Leonardo's Pizza..
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,12/8/2013,9,6,,2,2>Friendly, but not overbearing staff + flavorful fare = Starlight Cafe.Situated in an intimate below-ground nook on a side street in Bath, Me., Starlight Cafe serves breakfast and lunch with a nostalgic and homey feel.Standard menu items include sandwiches, salads, breakfast burritos, homefries; but the specials are where the local flavor and creative minds of the owner/operators are shown. Homemade breads and baked goods seal the deal.I'm a regular, not because it's right next door to where I work, but because it's consistently good food, reasonably priced, in an awesome space, with friendly staff.  Perfect lunch spot.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,12/7/2013,77,62,,4,2>Awesome selection of comics and vintage toys. They sell  a bunch of amusing and original t-shirts as well. Plus they have Dr. Who pinball, nuff said. The staff is also extremely accommodating. I have witnessed their patience with customers who are quite obviously off their rocker.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,12/6/2013,1,6,,2,2>I have been lucky enough to be an almost-daily customer of Tandem Coffee since mid-January of this year. There is nothing else like it in Portland: fantastic house-roasted coffees and dead-on espresso drinks served in a beautiful modern-minimalist shop, by friendly, intelligent, and articulate people who are dedicated to coffee, committed to being a small local business, and providing robust and meaningful conversation and chat. The clean design of the place (located in a free-standing building that the owners have built out for their premises) allows one to pay full attention to the two reasons for being there: the coffee, and the company. The lack of wifi and other distractions is a stroke of genius, as far as I'm concerned. We are losing the ability to pause, to talk with others, to be intellectually stimulated, to be witty, and to laugh in this country: it's nice to go somewhere where this pause--fueled with top-notch coffee--can remind one of these neglected pleasures.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/5/2013,71,96,9,4,5>I write love letters to Bam Bam's cookie dough bar in my diary every evening, so deep is my devotion to their treats. Just last night I penned this heartfelt passage:"My dearest Cookie Dough Bar,Your chocolatey embrace buoyed me through yet another grueling day today. I don't know what I would possibly do without you. My love for your silken supportiveness has grown to new heights over these last few months, I could scarcely have imagined it when I first sampled you at the one year anniversary. In fits of indecisiveness, I foolishly think that perhaps we should spend more time apart, allow one another to play the field so that we can be reunited, firmer in our conviction that we were truly meant to be together. But then I see you in the cooler case, with that seductive chocolate drizzle and I simply can't resist. You've ruined me for other baked goods, Cookie Dough Bar. I am a husk of the woman I once was without you in my belly."
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/4/2013,70,177,,4,5>I'm always intrigued by the term, "bistro," when it's used to describe an eatery. What exactly is a bistro, anyway? Well, it's a French word, and since my foray with the language in high school wasn't pretty (even though I'm French-Canadian on my mom's side), I tend to shy away from French words.Simply, a bistro is a restaurant serving moderately-priced, simple meals, in a modest setting. Portland & Rochester Public House is both a bistro and a pub. I know what a pub is, and I'm more comfortable with that one.Attending a private party at this newer bistro/pub on Tuesday night with my better half, we decided to stay afterwards for the full dining experience, or at least, the bar-area experience.I really like the vibe and the "modest setting" of Portland & Rochester Pubic House. By modest, I'm not talking cheesy, or dive-y, either. This is a place where you can stop in, grab a bite and a drink in a nice comfy bar area, or if you prefer, the larger dining area. I love windows and natural light, and the large windows looking onto Preble Street really work, and I was there at night. I imagine I'd them even better during daylight.I really liked the back lounge area (where our party was); the comfy couches were inviting and I can see gathering with a group of friends and colleagues for a Friday happy hour working very well, here.We were dressed in 20s garb, but no one batted an eye. I think you'd fit in at this restaurant dressed casually, or more upscale, which is another feature that I liked.Our bartender was attentive without being intrusive. The cranberry ginger margarita was the best margarita I've ever had. Miss Mary agreed. There were a good selection of beers on tap and no shortage of cocktails on the menu.Mary decided to be different and went with the burratta, which is fresh Italian cheese, made from mozzarella and cream. The outer shell is comprised of mozzarella while the inside contains both mozzarella and cream (I think). It lends the dish an unusual, soft texture. She also ordered a beet salad, with local greens. I went with the lobster cakes and cream of cauliflower soup. I loved both, especially the latter. Since we're now in soup season (and it's pretty much always soup season for me), this rich, amazingly robust soup was a perfect starter and my lobster cakes were done up perfectly.I'm really excited about what's going on in Bayside. This new eatery is a grand addition to the neighborhood, and just different enough for Portland that I think it will work, at least I hope it does.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,12/3/2013,10,65,,4,4>KnitWit is a nice little yarn shop that I made a point of visiting while I was in town.  There was a great selection of beautiful yarn that I wanted to cuddle and squish!  It's a smallish store, but there's a nice array of different yarns and the best part is that they introduced me to The Fibre Company and I'm a huge fan now!  The prices seemed reasonable for what you get - this isn't a super-saver acrylic blend type of hobby shop but is instead a purveyor of quality yarns made with (from what I saw) mostly natural materials - wool, silk, alpaca, etc. - which is exactly what I love!  And the colors...oh the colors!The nice guy at the register was very helpful and tolerant of my incessant yarn-babble.  I hope to visit again!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,12/2/2013,3,18,,3,3>Where do I begin? How about here: LOVE!A friend of mine has been trying to get me to come here for a couple years now and I finally did and I gotta say, I have been missing out!I ordered the Fatoush Shawarma, a Stella Artois and for dessert: Pistachio Baklava w/ Pistachio Ice Cream..... oh sweet heaven. The Fatoush Shawarma is one of the best wraps I've had... ever, let alone just in Portland. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful and I honestly couldn't stop eating until it was entirely gone. At this point I started picking some Tabouli from my friends plate and more-or-less made a round of her plate with no complaints - everything was fresh, flavorful and the price-point was fantastic! The dessert... oh my. I was so full I really didn't want dessert but just couldn't resist. And I'm glad I didn't. A blissful pistachio overload with sweet glazed pastry and everything. It was sweet, still having a fresh flavor even for a dessert, and oh so satisfying. I've since heard nothing but amazing things about their Broccoli Soup and can't wait to go back to try it. I read another review here about the small, uncomfortable space and over-priced, sub-par food and I couldn't disagree more. For starters, the yelper isn't from Portland and may not be aware that many of our local establishments here are very small and a little awkward. We're working with very old buildings from when Portland was first settled so space is tight in many of our local places - along with our cobblestone streets and brick and stone buildings, it's our charm and what makes us, us! The price point I found to be more than fair, again maybe being a local here I'm more accustomed to the price points around town. I'm not sure what similar fare goes for in Connecticut, but here, the price is more than worth the quality and portion size. And I can't imagine what she had ordered that was so sub-par. This is one of the only places that, so far, I haven't found a single complaint about any of the food and I've been to Europe and sampled the freshest Mediterranean cuisine on the planet. In fact, for the past 12 years or so I've been searching high and low on all of my travels for something comparable and can't believe I've found this place here in my own town. Nothing compares to the real deal, but this place is the best I've found nation-wide in the past 12 years of searching so I think that says something. I'd love to give this place 5 stars but I honestly have to go a few more times to really get a more rounded out view but so far - no complaints and can't wait to go back. Also, my server Carissa was is the cutest, funniest and friendliest I've had. I really hope she's working next time I go. She made wonderful recommendations and was just so pleasant and truly just a joy to have around and talk to. I'm definitely a fan. :-)
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,12/1/2013,14,3,2,8,5>Let's just get this out of the way first: I'm not the sort of guy who would try to go to a place like El Camino on a weekend night. Too much bar scene, too much noise, too much waiting. (Also, my "weekend" isn't Friday and Saturday night.) So, I can't speak to the waiting... but based off the parking scene around the restaurant on those nights, I would believe every single reviewer who has said the wait is rough. That said, I've never had to wait when I go to El Camino, and I'll say that in fact the service has often made me say, "DId they know I was going to order this before I did?" It's just that fast on a weeknight. The food: for "Mexican" food in Brunswick, ME... straight up incredible. Cider and chipotle braised pork belly? YES. YOU NEED TO EAT THIS. I love the specials menu, and I would say that's where this place really shines. Dishes are creative, well executed, but never over-dressed just for the sake of it. This isn't authentic Mexican, but I would never expect to be able to get that here, and I'm glad for creative improvisations by skilled chefs. The drinks: I've had a bit of mixed bag in this regard, but they do a good thing with sangria, and plenty of nice work with various margaritas... and really, that's what we're here for, right? I've had little less luck with cocktails of a more creative stripe... mainly what comes across is simply whatever tequila is at the center... not much balance from other ingredients. There's a good argument to be made that what most folks are looking for is exactly that in a joint like El Camino... they will love it, and have at it, I say.Oh yes, the CHIPS: Yup. They cost money. Salsa costs money. Guacamole costs money. You know what I like to spend money on? GOOD THINGS. This would be them. I will gladly let them take my money from my salty, slightly greasy, delicious finger tips as I shovel more of the starters into my mouth. This is not poured out of a big bag of Tostitos, and I'm happy to part with cash in exchange for joy, which El Camino delivers.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,11/30/2013,33,5,2,3,2>I was most recently treated to a evening at Old Vines for Valentine's Day and I loved every moment of it.  As locals, this is one of our favorite spots.  We enjoyed the dips & toast with hummus, roasted veggie panini, and the flatbread pizza with bacon & sauteed onions. All the food was excellent and very fresh!  The flatbread pizza has such a great flavor and I would highly recommend it to anyone.  My boyfriend and I like to try a little bit of everything instead of having one large meal and we find that Old Vine's menu really satisfies that need.  The wine's are great and the bartender makes the best mixed drinks in town!  I highly recommend this spot to locals and visitors alike!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,11/29/2013,57,343,,5,2>I first discovered Pie in the Sky two years ago when I came to Ogunquit for dinner at Arrows Restaurant. My first visit was a Sunday morning during the spring and I stopped in for breakfast. I ended up buying an amazing blueberry muffin and a chocolate chip cookie and a bottle of juice.  On that visit I spoke with the owner and found out about the back story of the bakery and such.  I marked this bakery down on my note list as a must visit if I ever get back to the area.  Well this past spring I was living in Salisbury, MA and it was close to the NH border and an hour away from this bakery. I made the trip and was greeted like an old friend by the owner. This time they suggested a huge piece of turtle brownie and I saw a blueberry pie come straight out of the oven and the aromas were out of this world.   I ended up buying a blueberry pie to bring to Brooklyn, NY for my nephew's birthday party.  Everyone loved the pie as my sister a huge foodie and a part time baker raved it was the best pie she ever had.  The crust was divine, and the blueberry pie was filled to the brim with fresh Maine blueberry.  This is a must stop for anybody close to bakery. Sure the prices are a bit high, but it's fresh and made from scratch and AMAZING PIES.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/17/2013,1,12,2,7,6>What can I say about Ohno?  Easily the best breakfast sandwich joint - ever.  I live quite close and Ohno is my go-to place for quick, delicious breakfast.  They carry CBD coffee, which is a plus.  And their beer and wine selection?  Pretty amazing.  I particularly appreciate that they carry Maine Beer Company brews.  I'm so happy to have a spot like Ohno in the West End!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/16/2013,6,30,,4,2>I have been going regularly to the Bear since the early 90's and this is the first time I have ever thought to write a review.  its my old standby, its friendly, the food is consistent, the selection of beers is excellent - especially with the mix of some Belgians to go along with all of the traditional ales, lagers, stouts etc....  The only thing I'm not a huge fan of is the cheese sauce, but you don't have to have it so problem solved! I love the crispy potato slice fries, the buffalo(esque) sauce is one of the most unique and delicious I have ever tasted - making the wings and buffalo chicken wrap two of my favorite items on the menu.  Huge Nachos that can satisfy a crowd, plenty of fun vegetarian options, good burgers and shaved steak sandwiches.  One eyed bacon cheeseburger with fries, gearys summer, and tollhouse cookie pie for desert could be my last meal.    The bear is like that old t-shirt that you never want to give away,  I hope they are always there!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/15/2013,10,39,3,2,2>Finally, a REAL bagel shop in Portland! This is what my fiancé and I have been waiting for since we moved to ME last summer. We frequent this place probably 2x's a week and absolutely love their bagels. I'm not sure if I've ever had a "real" NY bagel before but from other reviews, apparently that's what these are. All I KNOW is that these are good, REALLY good! My top favorite bagels at Union Bagel Co. are:1. Salt bagel (SOO deadly!!!)2. Garlic bagel3. Plain bagel (May be plain Jane but I like it that way!)4. Onion bagelThe only thing this place needs which my fiancé has suggested is an asiago cheese bagel. OMG, if they made an asiago cheese bag I would probably die of happiness.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,9/14/2013,179,122,,2,2>158 Pickett St. Cafe is definitely a hidden gem.  We went the morning of the first snow in 2012, and they had the wood stove going.  I'm sure the back porch is fantastic in the summer but with snow outside and the wood stove inside it was perfect.  With stickers posted all over the walls/windows and tiny figurines lined up around the front of the cafe it feels like you just got invited to eat delicious bagels and drink amazing espresso in a teenage boy's bedroom.  The Red Eye was delicious and, in my opinion, satisfied my caffeine needs 100%. Food wise, my boyfriend ordered the Hogzilla and I got the Canuck.  For meat fans the Hogzilla is fantastic, with thick cut bacon, grilled canadian bacon, egg and cheese.  Mine just had canadian bacon, egg, and cheddar.  We both had Everything Bagels which we were over to moon to find, had fennel in them.  Next time I think I'll jut get a bagel with cream cheese so that I can fully enjoy the delicious complexities of the homemade bagels at 158 Pickett St.  Nostalgia and bagels? They've got it all.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,9/13/2013,6,14,2,3,3>Gotta go 5 stars here - I've never left dissatisfied or hungry. Compared to other fro-yo places I've been (down south) GoBerry is kinda limited: four flavors to choose from, 15-20 mix-ins, all of which the workers take care of for you. BUT those are always great flavors (try getting a twist!!) and it comes from our local Smiling Hill Farm.Smalls are big, mediums are huge, larges are a meal in themselves. Pints are only $5!!! Bring some home!Make sure you get a frequent buyer card - GoBerry is so good it wont take long until you've gone 10 times and earn a free small one topping.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,9/12/2013,74,300,2,14,6>No. Literally. This is as good as it gets. This is straight from Milan gelato. This is velvety, delicious, locally made gelato. And it could change your life. The strawberry gelato tastes like summer, the dark chocolate tastes like a rich, creamy version of your favorite 65% cocoa chocolate bar. My husband took one bite and said "It reminds me of when I was living in Italy." Boom.My biggest reason for supporting this family is this: not only is their gelato superior, but they were here first. I need not mention to anyone who's been to downtown Portland lately that another gelato place opened up right across the street. That ain't cool man. I know everyone's free to do what they need to do to make money and be successful, but there are about a bazillion places in this city to set up shop. How about not right across from the authentic gelato place? The one where the owners/producers are actually FROM Italy? I get it, it's a lucrative place. But I will not step foot in the other one. I notice a lot of people mentioning the other place's vast array of unique flavors. That definitely has its place, but it is not the authentic Italian experience that I want. Gorgeous does that.(When I'm in Brunswick, maybe, but even then I'd rather just drive the forty minutes south for some Gorgeous.)Stop by, enjoy, make conversation, enjoy some Lavazza, and take in a tiny bit of Italy while visiting Portland.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/17/2014,13,137,,6,7>MJ's Wine Bar is a Gem. The owner is a licensed and finely proficient sommelier with a profound passion for wine.  MJ's is the only wine bar in Portland, while many restaurants offer a food and wine selection, MJ's is the only one in town that emphasizes the later. They do not have liquor. They do not have dinner service. What they do have is elegance, sophistication and class. The small plates available which include, cheeses, olives and bread are well selected and priced. They even have a map on the wall of all of the most significant wine producing regions in the world and odorant jars containing the most basic wine elements, so you can not only taste your wine, but experience it, nuances and all. Give MJ's a shot...you won't be disappointed.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/16/2014,88,48,2,4,5>How have I lived in Portland for four years and not known that there was an olive oil and vinegar tasting bar on Commercial street???  The white coconut vinegar and the black truffle oil are reasonably priced and worth every drop!  My only comment would be that I thought there should be bread.  Only because I had it that way at another tasting room and it enhances the experience and therefore the potential for sale :)  On a side note, there is a lot of eye candy for the amateur to pro chef. I love gadgets!!!  Great space in Scarborough too.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,2/15/2014,71,96,3,8,4>In the deep, labyrinthian bowels of the USM Science Building lurks a celestial beast, a giant, dome-backed cosmic soothsayer. Early peoples called this type of creature the Orrery* but today we know it as...the Southworth Planetarium!I am so in love with the Planetarium and you should be, too. Besides the friendly, funny, nerdy staff that welcome you as soon as you enter the Planetarium's darkened lobby, there's the Cold War era decor, and the kid-friendly shows. If you like to science, you can't get much science-ier than the Planetarium. My favorite part of the experience, by far, is the night sky tour that happens immediately after each show which has helped my own star-gazing immensely and is peppered with all kinds of quirky, space-geek jokes. And if that weren't enough, they have astronaut ice cream for sale in the lobby. So you can leave with dessert!*The Southworth isn't an orrery but uses a projector. So don't go expecting giant planets overhead.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,2/14/2014,37,40,1,5,4>If there is one thing besides good beer I'm passionate about, bagels will come in a close 2nd.Union knocks it out of the park. No pretension, just well crafted, fresh and delicious bagels. If you like your bagel slightly will toasted, you should ask for it. Solid cream cheese selection too. The staff care - this means a lot too. I believe they serve Arabica coffee. Small size only. They have Square for debit/credit card purchasing. I like them. I like them a lot. Thank you Union for saving me the commute to Scratch. I have the Portland areas best bagel spot down the street.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/13/2014,96,87,1,7,4>After having brunch here today, I really believe that the East Ender is the most underrated restaurant in the city. If you're looking to spend $25 on entrees, I'd go elsewhere. East Ender does have this price point, but it isn't the best. Portland is full of fine dining, and you can have better meals for the price at Fore Street, 555 and several other restaurants.Otherwise, this really is one of the best that Portland has to offer. The mile long line outside of Duckfat when we left brunch at noon astounds me. Duckfat has decent (not spectacular) paninis and fries with terrible atmosphere, a below average drink menu and fairly expensive prices. East Ender was mostly empty.The brunch menu, offered Saturday and Sundays from 10:30 to 3, probably has 20 items on it. These range from $5 "appetizers" such as Deviled Eggs (three different ways) which was absolutely delicious, trout fritters, a home made pop tart (today was filled with brisket and gouda and was amazing. $6), and many others. The entrees include the best single heart attack breakfast in the city, consisting of a giant fried boneless chicken breast smothered in hot sauce and cream, served over a homemade waffle. The rest of our party ordered the brisket hash (which was the most disappointing of the items. Small and good, but not exceptional) and pulled pork with eggs (amazing). There's a great breakfast cocktail menu along with the regular drink menu. The prices are below comparable restaurants.East Ender is consistently better than the competition, without any wait, if you go in with the right expectations. For the finest of dining, I'd go elsewhere. But for mid priced meals in a cozy atmosphere with decent drinks, a fireplace, tvs and easier parking than the center of the old port, this is one of the best.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,2/12/2014,6,75,1,5,5>We didn't expect to like this restaurant as much as we like Aroma, which is right around the corner.  We hit up Jewel of India on a Monday which is the day Aroma is closed because we just had to have Indian.  There was no buffet that evening so we had to order off the menu.  The host / waiter, while not nearly as friendly / personable as the staff at Aroma, was helpful with our menu selections.  The food was fresh, fast, and DELICIOUS, plus the portions were huge.  How lucky are we to have two great Indian choices nearby?!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,2/11/2014,58,227,2,6,4>I love this place. Yum. Yum. Yum. We moved to York in January and so far this is my most favorite place to go for sweets.  I have a mad sweet tooth and I delight in picking up a slice of cake or a cupcake to enjoy in the evening.  To be perfectly honest, I don't understand the less than 4 star reviews.  I've had a lot of desserts from allover the place (in the US and abroad) and this is some of the best I've had.  Mike C. is on point....this place is among the best.  I'm from California originally so these prices don't scare me.  It is a bit high for Maine but I think the quality, creativity and skill all make it worth it.  And the staff are very friendly.  They are very happy to chat and exchange pleasantries.  I also really like that they seem to have a community among the staff.  They seem to pull for one another in whatever it is that they are doing (often see fliers for activities or what-not that staff are engaged in).  Its nice to see that since its becoming so rare (...anyone read Bowling Alone?  Or am I alone in that...sorry, this is yelp not a sociology class).Back to the food...Muffins, cake slices, cookies...its all good!  Nice, strong Carpe Diem coffee.  The cinnamon butter puffs are insanely amazing.  Its not a muffin exactly but not a scone or biscuit. And its not coffee cake.  Whatever it is is delish!  The chocolate truffle cake is stop-in-your-tracks heavenly.  I usually do not enjoy chocolate on chocolate action (its usually too sweet) but this is not at all!  Totally amazing dark chocolate, gooey loveliness. Pros: Super yummy, passionate about baking, cakes, coffeeCons: Not open year-round, parking & traffic in this part of Ogunquit is ridiculous (all summer and during lunch hours in the winter)
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,2/10/2014,7,56,3,6,4>CRAZY. AWESOME. CHOCOLATE.I used to work for a chocolatier. I love good chocolate.This is the best that I have ever tasted!It is pricey, and since I am a local, I cannot go there in the summer, so I buy for Christmas. I get the Grande Sampler box for a few of my awesome clients as presents year after year. I mixed it up one year and got gift baskets and actually got emails and calls, "Why no chocolate this year?" I won't make that mistake again!Their chocolate dipped fruit is amazing, they have sugar plums in the winter, fruit jellies, and just an amazing array of fine quality chocolates.They expanded into the store next to them a while back and also added a gallery so you can see them making the candy. I have had nothing but terrific service (but I do go in the winter which is very quiet).If you cannot find parking on the street, there's a gas station right past the row of shops and Right after the gas stationing is a little parking lot with two hour free parking.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,2/9/2014,82,42,3,5,4>I have such a crush on Pai Men Miyake. This is my happy place all winter long. I love their tofu buns and Tokyo Abura. They have an awesome beer list and good house cocktails. The honey pot is always a table favorite. The waitstaff are all lovely and happy to help you find the perfect beer and dish for your meal.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,2/8/2014,3,18,2,5,4>Do you love Americanized Chinese food as much as me? If so you're already aware of the huge lacking in this department in Portland. But alas, there is hope thanks to Zen.The price point is a bit more than you would expect to pay elsewhere but what you get in return is worth it: this is fresh! The flavors are bold and vivid and remind me of the best Chinese I've had throughout my travels. The veggies are fresh, nothing tastes like charcoal which seems to happen to all the Lo Mein in Portland.  Ultimately, if you want good chinese in Portland, you just have to pay for it and I'm willing. This place beats the competition without breaking a sweat. And the restaurant itself os gorgeous and comfortable inside. I love Zen and thank the dear lord they're here! If you haven't tried them, do it! Ugh I still miss those spareribs. And egg rolls. And all the other things.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,4/19/2014,14,44,,8,5>Outstanding BBQ. The meat is the Star here, with the sauces playing a supporting role (as they should be) . Best I've tried in Maine by far.  You may have to rethink what you think BBQ is, since they prepare the classic cold-smoked dry rub BBQ, not that gooey over-sauced crap. The ribs are smoky, tender and delish, served  with host of sauces (on the side)  to dress them with (try the blueberry, it's excellent). If you like your ribs swimming in goo, better go elsewhere, or just lay on as much sauce as you want as they bring unlimited sauces to the table. We tried the ribs (perfectly smoked - that's smoked, not grilled thank you), Chicken (tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned), pulled pork (succulent) and the brisket (a wee bit dry but seasoned just right). Also tasted the house sausage and lamb, both were very good. Sides were all tasty and nice portions. Dinner portions are huge, so plan on leftovers. Servers were fast and friendly. A good dinner bargain compared to other spots in Freeport due to the generous portion size.  2 of us shared a combo dinner and still took a meals worth home.I some neg reviews complaining the BBQ was "dry". Welcome to properly prepared BBQ. The star should be the meat not the sauce. Many places drown your meat in sauce because they don't know how to cook it, or to hide the fact that they are serving frozen meat.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,4/18/2014,70,177,1,10,6>Portland has its share of ethnic restaurants. The one area where the selection is a bit thin is Middle Eastern/Iraqi fare. Babylon is a restaurant set to step in and fill that niche.I've driven by the nondescript Morrill's Corner restaurant a number of times, located at the odd little intersection of Forest Avenue and Bishop Streets. For some reason, I've been tardy about trying it until today.Arriving just after the usual Noon rush hour, Babylon's spacious dining room (hall?) was deserted. My lunch partner had already arrived so we got busy looking over the menu.Babylon advertises that all of their dishes are made with Halal meat, meaning the slaughter and preparation is permissible according to Islamic law.All meals begin with a cup of red lentil and rice soup as a complimentary starter--this was a nice touch. The soup was flavorful with a bit of a tanginess.I love sambuse or sambusa, a phyllo dough-rapped appetizer made with ground chicken or beef, onion, and various spices. I've had these at Somali restaurants before and the ones at Babylon were very good. I opted for the shawarma made with beef. The rotisserie beef was seasoned and flavorful and the hearty "wrap" also had onion, lettuce, shaved carrots, with what I think was a mayo-based dressing. I would describe it as similar to a gyro.All of the "sandwich" entrees come with a house salad, but I asked specifically for the Arabic salad, which I had been instructed in a previous review, to do. I'm glad I did. The fresh salad of diced cucumber, tomato, flattened parsley, and mint (?), along with lemon and olive oil went well with the shawarma.Babylon's portions are ample, so opting for the smaller size is advised.The one caveat I'd offer is that the service is slow; I think this might be more cultural than anything, so keep this in mind--if you need to get in and out quickly, then lunch might not be the time to try Babylon.I did note that there were several vegetarian options, along with a number of other interesting entrees, including several various combo-type meals for the budget conscious.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,4/17/2014,6,4,1,7,4>What a fine establishment! I was so pleasantly surprised by all that I discovered here last night. First, while East Bayside is indeed off the grid a bit still, parking immediately adjacent to the restaurant is a gem. My husband and I came for dinner prior to heading to a theater show. He had a Manhattan with house-infused bourbon, while I dove into the cream of mushroom soup, complete with fried mussel. Delicious. For dinner, I had the steak frites, and he had the lamb burger with chèvre and arugula. Also delicious, truly. To top it all off, new chef Paul brought to us himself the most incredible, mind-blowing dessert we had ever had... blueberry ice cream. Sounds simple, doesn't it? You best try it to know what I mean. A cozy and very friendly atmosphere, coupled with exquisite yet simple food and delicious beverages makes for a wonderful option in Portland. Go, tonight.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,4/16/2014,39,99,3,10,7>My business lawyer specifically recommended this bank to me. I listened. So glad I did. Its been over a month and I am still trying to figure out what is wrong with these people! This is a bank? They are helpful, smart, I can call in with questions and the awesome Max Bangs helps me over the phone and knows who I am. When I have an online glitch with checking my business acct online I get a HUMAN in the same time zone who emails and calls with follow up. What planet is this? I am so glad I moved my business account over here, I wish I had done it 4 years ago when I moved to Portland. I asked for info about payroll and a nice fella from another branch politely emailed me, and we set up a meeting at the branch closest to me. No "this is where my desk is" mentality. A human in a bank who emails you. So refreshing. The amount of time they save me is even better than the lack of fees. Now I will restrain myself from leaving a review for B of A (former bank) because we aren't allowed to use bad language on Yelp. :)
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,4/15/2014,5,13,,4,4>Ahhhh always delish when we go for lunch! A few menu changes since we were there last, but all positive! The poutin is amazing! We got a large to share and I swear the portion size grew, however I am not complaining!!!! :) My boyfriend is a huge coffee junkie, so he was a bit bummed when told it's no longer french press coffee. But the new coffee was good. I had the chicken and broccoli panini special & my bf had the pork belly panini both were excellent!!! Service is always great! It's a plus when the staff is happy when your dining.... It makes the experience so much better! Ohhhhh anddddd they had Sriracha for hot sauce, true love right there!!!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/14/2014,10,12,,3,2>Really friendly service, great pad thai, amaaaazing pad prink khink (I've also seen it called green bean pri king at other places). I've never been disappointed here and they were open during a snowstorm when everyone else was closing early. Instead of an after dinner mint they gave us a guava candy. Yum.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,4/13/2014,0,4,,4,4>I absolutely love Yordprom. The Vietnamese coffee is delicious and I often stop by in the afternoon for a decaf cappuccino. Whenever I work from "home" I end up walking down to Yordprom and doing my work there. Friendly faces, comfortable and relaxed atmosphere, superb coffee and free wifi - what more can you ask for? Buy local and support Yordprom!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,4/12/2014,12,30,,4,3>Omi's is a place where I would love to curl up and spend an entire day. It's the kind of place that makes you feel warm on the inside. Maybe it's the cutely placed pillows on their front window seats, or the wall of books for guests to peruse. It might be the funky local art that hangs on the walls, the delightful service, or the creatively-crafted lattes with syrups or combinations that are made in-house. Whatever it is, these ladies have something that makes me want to go back again and again. It also doesn't hurt to walk out of their front door and have a sweeping view of Casco Bay. I say this place is pure magic.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,4/11/2014,0,4,,3,2>This is my 4th trip to the Hartstone Inn, and this time we stayed in the Rose Hip suite.  This is one of my favorite rooms so far!  It is cozy, romantic, and so incredibly unique the way it mixes the look of antique and contemporary.  At dinner, the french onion soup and lobster appetizer was amazing, but the star of the show was the hazelnut encrusted lamb....wow, wow, wow!  And the gingerbread souffle...my favorite dessert I have had there so far.  The staff were so accommodating to our preferences even though we were there with a DealChicken certificate-they suited our preferences perfectly, and went above and beyond to make their guests happy.  If you are at all skeptical about staying at a bed and breakfast type of establishment, take it from a former skeptic...it is so romantic and unique, and I would take a night at the Hartstone Inn ANYTIME over an overnight in a hotel.  Unforgettable, classy, cozy.  Perfect, perfect, perfect!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,4/10/2014,4,4,,7,3>I have been to Guthries many times. It has always been very good, and as a vegan it is one of the few places in the Lewiston area where I feel comfortable eating. I love the atmosphere here. It just feels right for a break from an office type setting to step into for lunch and relax. Prices are very reasonable and the portions are ideal. The menu is fun and has many great options. Best of all, it's healthy eating. If you've had enough of all the grease that permeates a lot of eateries in the area, definitely give Guthries a chance if you haven't yet.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,11/8/2013,26,27,,4,4>On a recent trip up to Portland, my Lady Friend and I got into town around 11am, and after a brief, nauseating look around the touristy shops in the Old Port, headed into our first stop: Gritty McDuff's brewpub. Gritty's is exactly what a brewpub should be: good pub food, a large bar, tasty beers and lots of dark wood. It shouldn't look like a dance club, it should look like a refuge from the sober cubicle drone world outside. It should have personality. And lots of beer.Gritty's had a flight of seven beers offered, which was great. Most places have about five. The food was good too; I had a chicken sangwich, and Lady Friend had some sandwich with silly green vegetable thingys. Ew.Overall, the beers were great. A couple, like the IPA and the Pub Ale really shone. I was really intrigued by the IPA, since it tasted so much like a Citra hop, and while some beers on the menu had their hops listed (like the stout, strangely) the IPA did not. Gritty's also has a retail store (brew-tique), which we had to skip to make it to the  Allagash tour. They also have two other locations in Maine, in Freeport and Auburn, and I definitely plan to go back. Gritty's is pretty common and easy to find in stores in ME, but we also did see some select six-packs in MA after our trip. Unfortunately, it was the Vacationland Summer Ale, which neither Lady Friend nor I thought was the best of the bunch. Maybe it's because it was the first stop, and we were eager and fresh-palated, but I thought that Gritty's was great. Go there.Sidenote: Seeking shelter from a Maine monsoon, we stopped in again later that evening (a Friday night), and it was a much younger, louder crowd. Pretty packed. It is in the Old Port section downtown, so I'm sure it's a popular gathering place, but just as a heads up, it's a completely different vibe at night.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,11/7/2013,19,30,2,3,2>A lot of people had told me to check out Fore Street, and finally, I had an excuse. I wasn't disappointed.First off, the building itself is great; an unassuming exterior with windows that overlook Commercial Street, an open kitchen so you can see what the chefs are doing, classy, understated decor and it was nice and quiet for conversation. I also liked the huge vase of branches with bright pink flowers on them right near our table.The waitress was attentive and knowledgeable and the menu had a great selection of nice entrees. I had my usual, a martini and it was great: strong and dirty, just the way I like 'em. :) I ordered the onion/garlic soup as an appetizer and the mussels as an entree and my companion ordered the pasta and mushroom appetizer (which was enough to be a meal and it was delicious), the fingerling potatoes and the broccoli rabe. The mussels were delicious: fresh and there were a ton of them!I had sherry for dessert and my companion ordered espresso. Both were perfect finishers.All the rumors are true folks, Fore Street is delightful and if you have someone to impress or a special night to plan, I suggest you check it out.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,11/5/2013,58,227,,5,2>A for effort, quality, value, effectivenes, service & speed.I generally enjoy this place.  This is not the "best" Chinese food or the "most authentic."  This isn't the nicest of ambiance or dining settings.  People need to judge this place for what it is and for its context.  Some key factors to consider...this place is located in southern Maine in a relatively rural town with generally only a few options right in town - for restaurants, services, groceries, etc.  Without going to Dover or Portsmouth this is it. This place is definitely not a destination restaurant.  If you do not live in nearby in South Berwick, Rollinsford or Eliot and/or have reason for being nearby, than I wouldn't make a special trip to come here. All that aside, this is what it is...an American version of Chinese food that is decently prepared and pretty fresh & decent quality.  Their goal appears to be to serve take-out food, quickly and at reasonably affordable prices.  They seem to be accomplishing this task.  I don't think they're trying to win awards or have you come here for a night on the town.  They just want to get you fed.  Pros: Very fast with walk-in orders & call-in, they can ID regular call-in orderers, good value proportions (we always have enough for leftovers), good amount of veggies, veggies are fresh/not canned or frozen, Dragon & Phoenix entree, won ton soup, crab rangoons, Hunan chicken, sesame shrimp, lo meinCons: Sparse, uninspiring interior; Parking can be challenging during the dinner hours
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,11/4/2013,46,78,,6,3>After previously living a block from Rosemont on the Hill, I count myself lucky to be just a short bike or car ride from this one. It's way more convenient to stop into Rosemont than make your way through the hoards of people crowding up the local grocery stores, not to mention their stuff is fresh & local.I specifically love Rosemont for their cheese selection, which never disappoints. The people behind the counter are great at answering questions about any of their products and helping to narrow down options based on what you're looking for.Rosemont has loads of fresh fruits, veggies, and breads and regularly made grab-and-go meal offerings. Their sandwiches are always good, though some of the veggie offerings are more creative than others. They also offer pizza and soups daily, as well as various prepared items in the deli case.This one has a wall of wines, and I've seen them offering tastings on more than one occasion.Rosemont is definitely community-oriented, you will most likely see someone you know, or have the option to check out what's going on around town when you walk through the door. Many of the food offerings can be traced back to local farms or vendors.Most of the people that work here are awesome, some of them need to lighten up a bit. When I was here last week, the cashier, who was counting a big ol' stack of cash when I wandered up to pay, took her time doing what she was doing while I waited patiently. When she finished, she just started ringing up items - no hi, no smile, no small talk. I've worked my fair share of customer service jobs, and I know you've got other things to do than rush to serve me immediately, but at least acknowledge that I'm standing in front of you, paying you for a service. It was a bummer to end my visit on this note, when everyone else had been so helpful.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/3/2013,25,7,,3,1>Rivers Edge Deli is one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast and/or lunch during the work week. Steve, the owner of the deli, is always there, making delicious food from scratch. I have never had a bad meal there and I look forward to eating there whenever I can.  Also the prices are very reasonable and eating there has definitely saved me some money during the work week!  I liked Rivers Edge Deli so much that they catered my sisters wedding. Steve and his staff are so kind and you can pretty much request anything (with a little notice of course) and they will make it for you. I definitely recommend Rivers Edge Deli to all.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/2/2013,10,129,1,4,2>Just recently moved to the area and finally took a walk down to the A1. All I can say is food quality is amazing. My bacon cheeseburger was excellent  and side of fries were tasty as well! Also ordered apple crisp which came out piping hot with ice cream on top. Overall, good atmosphere, fresh ingredients, Excellent quality food makes for a good time.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,11/1/2013,50,64,,5,2>Wow really proves the adage of don't judge a book by it's cover, this place is great. One can easily drive by this place and never notice it. The menu is a lot smaller than most phone book size menus of Chinese take out places. Granted this is not super authentic or someone's crazy take on trying to make Chinese food healthy. This is down and dirty good Americanized Chinese food. I had what I consider the best Chinese food  general general tso chicken. Large pieces of great tasting chicken and some of the best fried rice. The rice was flavorful and tasted like it was cooked to order compared to so many other places that have way too much grease (it becomes the bad brown rice) and that are cooked to far in advance. The crab Rangoon's tasted not of just cream cheese!  What?!!! Is this some real and or fake crab mixed with cream cheese?! YES, FTW! (For the win).The best part of the meal the soup. The Hot and sour soup was by far (maybe a country  mile, or maybe a city mile) was the best part. So much flavor, slight spice in my book (GF thought it was way too hot). I could have had another bowl. So good. Prices are average 10 bucks for dinner but it includes the soup! As Frank the Tank says "Once it hits your lips, it's so good!"
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,10/31/2013,44,173,,9,3>As always, another wonderful meal. The service is so special. Every need is anticipated and everyone is so friendly. Adrian is the gem of back bay grill. He knows everyone by name and is so sincere. The waitstaff is equally as knowledgeable and welcoming. Now to the food. The mussels, beet salad, gnocchi and lobster ravioli appetizers were sooooo good. I had salmon with spatzle, fried green tomato and small slices of winter squash. My husband had the scallops and quinoa and barely gave me a taste!! Go to back bay grill for the food, service, and the cosmos!!!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,10/30/2013,4,4,1,4,4>This is my favorite place to eat in the Bangor area. The Fiddlehead has a very nice feel to it but a casual atmosphere. I am a vegan and know that their menu does not have a specific vegan entree. I called ahead when I made my reservation and they made something specifically for me. Or, I could have gone over the menu and just had something vegan instead of as described. That's not relevant to everyone, but the quality of the food is. And Fiddlehead definitely uses high quality ingredients and takes care to make those flavors come out. The first time I loved what I got I ended up ordering 5 different menu items (not entrees obviously) just to try them. It was expensive, but I was satisfied. The drinks are nice as well! There are some great options. Also the wine options are good.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/29/2013,2,33,,2,2>this is our go to place to have a drink & relax. the rotating taps always have an option (sometimes more than one) for each of us, the beer drinker and the non-beer drinker. i love the cider or interesting mead options, the hubby likes the beers of course! we go before the heavy evening crowd so we can have a conversation but any time is a good time for great drink selections! prices are reasonable when you consider that this isn't where you go to get a budweiser (which we like to call water).
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/31/2014,41,59,,4,3>I took a friend here a couple of weeks ago. She's from Scotland and hard to understand at times because of her accent, but we had a blast! We learned they are going to be offering a new variety of liquor (I can't tell you what it is, but it sounds delicious). This place has grown since my last visit in 2012, not only in size, but with more merchandise to choose from, including those small bottles you usually find in a hotel mini fridge. I grabbed a couple of those in blueberry vodka, bought a full size bottle of their regular vodka and we got three shot glasses to share! If you want a truly smooth taste, then this is the place to go (and the prices are lower there than at the liquor stores).
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/30/2014,1,6,,2,1>Geno's is the go-to place to experience the vibrant DIY music scene at its best.  Incredible that a small club catering to oddball and low budget local bands has also attracted such east coast and nationally known power bands such as Thee Icepicks, The Nebulas from Hartford, the Swank Bastards (Los Vegas), the Murder Weapon, the powerhouse Jonee Earthquake band from New Hampshire, etc.  The ambience may be Spartan but those booking shows know their onions, and have been known to pay out of pocket and lose some money to bring some obscure outstanding talent to the stage.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/29/2014,24,11,,3,2>I am a big fan of Mexican cuisine and even though I wouldn't consider Zapoteca the most authentic Mexican food I have ever have, I was very satisfied with my meal. I was especially impressed with their drinks, starting with the Mojito Caliente (I could have just drank this all day...so good!) that had just the right amount of heat and delicious flavor I prefer in my cocktails.Another especially was the staff, my waitress was very friendly and went out of her way to make my "girl's day out" experience as fun as possible. My only tiny dislike is when I ordered a tamale and it came in some deconstructed state, which I am sure was just a way to "fancy" up this utensil free food. And don't get me wrong, it didn't taste bad...just not the tamales I look back fondly on.All in all, I would say try Zapoteca out for yourself. Especially if you want a yummy drink!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,5/28/2014,2,4,,3,2>Our favorite ice cream place by far! We look forward to its opening every summer! Their ice cream is delicious, and their staff (usually local high schoolers) are always friendly and smiling. My favorite flavor is pumpkin pie. They have an easy to find location (right off of Route 77 in Cape Elizabeth) with convenient parking and outdoor picnic table seating. It is also fun to take the short walk down to Kettle Cove Beach and enjoy your ice cream cone with a view of the ocean!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,5/27/2014,18,4,1,5,4>Chutes is more than a diner, it's the brick and mortar of our community. The people are earnest, caring people who genuinely care for their patrons. The food is what gets you in the door, the people bring you back. For food, I'd try the hash. I'm a huge fan of the buffalo chicken hash but try them all!  Always consider the specials menu. They put a lot of pride in mixing up specials offerings.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,5/26/2014,23,30,,3,1>A year and a half later, I'm I am back updating my review. I've gotten over Trivia-gate (see previous review) and am back to being a regular at the Cup. When friends from out of town come to visit, the sure bet for lunch or dinner is The Liberal Cup. I can even bribe my brother-in-law to drive more than an hour just by casually mentioning the Cup. The beer cheese soup continues to be a winner and something I order every time I visit. The combos of beer and cheese change regularly, so be sure to ask your server what you're getting. Those who are sensitive to salt might want to take a pass, but I'd be more than happy to have your share. I don't know if something has changed in the kitchen definitively, but the quality and flavor of the food has seemed to improve since the last time I reviewed. The specials are always unique and flavorful, and I am now expanding my horizons by trying something different on the menu every time I visit. With the amount of times I visit the Cup, I don't have much menu to go. If you're reading this review, do yourself a favor and head down to Hallowell and become the newest regular of The Liberal Cup!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,5/25/2014,12,37,,4,2>I love simple barbecue made with quality meats, and Elsmere's did not disappoint. Friday evening; it was very busy, yet I waited only 15 or 20 minutes for a table - not a hassle at all, considering they offer a FREE PAC-MAN machine! Good beer selection, including new offerings from Banded Horn, which was nice. We sat at the "kitchen bar," right along the open kitchen, face-to-face with the staff (I will recommend requesting this, as it was the warmest seat in the house). They moved efficiently and communicated well, resulting in our food arriving more quickly than I thought it would.I chose the St. Louis style ribs, brisket, and house-made sausage; and the sausage, to me, was the star, with excellent spice and a satisfying snap from the casing. For sides, the mac & cheese and vinegar-based slaw were very good. My daughter chose a pulled pork sandwich topped with mac & cheese, and it was very good (if not messy). Thee were plenty of offerings on the menu, including a veggie burger. An added treat was being taken by one of the owners, Jeremy, to see the smoker - he offered to do so as we chatted at the kitchen bar (he was on the line). Also met the other owner, Adam, in the smoke room. You could sense the pride and excitement in their voices over what they were adding to the local food scene. Our server, Mikayla (sp?), was cheerful and attentive - smiles from everyone we dealt with. Given the good prices and laid-back atmosphere, we will definitely be returning to Elsmere's to sample more of the offerings - especially in the summer when outdoor seating will be available!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,5/24/2014,140,379,6,11,8>Absolutely love this studio. I have been practicing Bikram for about 5 years now and have visited studios all across the country and this studio is by FAR the most friendly, welcoming, non-judgmental spots I have ever been. There is no stuck up, holier than thou instructor vibe here - they are actually friendly, happy to see you and make you feel welcome. What a nice surprise!As for the studio; it's immaculate, clean and doesn't have the normal Bikram smell. The carpet inside the studio is the best material that I have ever felt...I know it sounds weird but the flooring to me in studios is a big deal. Most studios have nasty carpet or dirty floors which drive me nuts. Not this place - it's like a felty miracle. Go there and you will see what I mean.So far the classes haven't been too full, there is always space in between you and the next person (another plus for me), and other class attendees are courteous to make sure you can see yourself in the mirror when they set up in front of you.I also like the fact that they aren't all preachy here or reading from their own personal poetry books - and that they offer just enough motivational talk to keep you interested but not to the point where it's overwhelming and annoying.Hands down, my favorite Bikram studio ever. Love it.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,5/23/2014,43,100,4,6,4>Brisket and pulled pork thats fantastic!  Oh and the smoked chicken is succulent and tasty!  Does it help that its across the street from work?  Heck yeah it does!  This is a great go to with tons of beer, fantastic meet and sides that make you want more.  Picnic table style seating and white bread and pickles makes this a fun, more southern style BBQ that leave you wishing you're stomach was twice its size!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/22/2014,82,33,3,10,4>I've always enjoyed Allagash's beer; the White, Black, Tripel and Curieux are among my favorite beers. And when you're a beer lover, it's an exciting thing to enjoy not just one but many of a local brewery's offerings. This is why I ended up going on their tour and learning more about how they operate. We had a fantastic tour. Fun, informative, and dare I say inspiring. They had convenient headsets so we could hear the friendly guide as he walked us through the brewery (without them, it would've been too loud at times to hear him), giving us some history on the company as well as some details on how they brew and bottle the beer. My favorite part was seeing some of their experiments/projects as they age very small batches in various barrels; gin barrels, whiskey barrels, tequila barrels, etc. The smells! YUM.Their storefront, where you can taste beer samples and purchase beer/merch is a pretty gorgeous area. I appreciate when a place puts the effort into making you go "wow" the second you walk in the door. Lots of space as well - you don't feel crowded by other visitors. I highly recommend stopping in and supporting this local brewery. They produce many quality brews... and after a tour, I'm sure you'll feel more confident about spending that extra dollar or two at the bar. It's a tastier sip when you know what love and effort went into creating what you consume.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,10/7/2013,38,94,3,4,2>Why oh why wasn't this place here when I was in my young adulthood?????  I regret all those glorious nights spent at inferior Dewey's or Gritty's.  Oh well there were some good stories that I can sorta remember - like the time my "friends" left me well after closing time at the Dry Dock leaving me to fend for myself .  When you're only making, oh say, $6.50 an hour, having received your BA from a prestigious women's college, you might as well drown your sorrows after spending a day making copies for elitist Old Port lawyers as a lowly temp. (oh yeah that was me back in the day!) Novare Res brings to mind an English pub and a Munich biergarten.  Nestled away from the hubub of overpriced/overated Exchange Street, you'll have a choice of quaffing a pint on the umbrella-ed deck or inside the dark and sprawling pub. The menu of bier is mind-boggling and I was able to sample some from my new friends and reconnect with a friend from the wayback machine.  Though expensive, the food menu is perfect - you can cobble together an impressive cheese plate or nosh on some japa hot dogs.  As we closed down the conversation and headed our separate ways, we were treated to a couple of guys impressing the crowd with their old skool dance moves a la Electric Boogaloo.  I, however, was most blown away by the cute pre-school chica watching with her parents who pulled out her inner Nicki Minaj and brought down the house totally twerkin' it. Take that Sophia Grace and Rosie!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,10/6/2013,142,530,1,3,2>Small, rustic, cozy...excellent for a date night or a small, casual dinner with friends. A fireplace, seating and bar area greet you as you make your way in with the main dining room being around the left corner giving a peak into the kitchen and it's hard working, dedicated crew.Dried flowers coated in dust bunnies hang from the ceiling around a hearth area in the dimly let, warm and cozy dining room. Staff is friendly, smiling, and accommodating, from the hostess to the servers who keep your glasses filled and bring your food. We were never forgotten, constantly tended to and felt welcome and appreciated.The steamed lobster was as you'd expect in Maine. The largest being 1 1/2lbs. I wanted the choice of something a bit larger. For starters we had and caramelized onion and gruyère tart and a drizzle of balsamic and sprinkled beautifully with pomegranate seeds. Absolutely mouth watering, come-back-again-just-for-this delicious! This appetizer hit all the marks and then some and I craved going back for days after my first visit. A great selection of house made desserts; try the homemade apple pie on a chilly evening. The crust is rustic and the pie itself is creamy with just the right amount of cinnamon and nutmeg, like mom used to make... or would have made if she baked. ;-)Street and Co. is incredibly popular with both locals and visitors to the area, a good sign even before you take your first bite. You just can't go wrong here.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,10/5/2013,17,50,4,6,4>After sampling UFF products at numerous local establishments, it was time to see where the magic happens. To an old warehouse in an industrial part of Portland we go! Upon entering the tasting room you're greeted with the sour smell of bacteria and yeast excrement. Poor choice of words perhaps, but you gotta hand it to the microbes, their shit is awesome. The cider is dry in style, which is surprisingly hard to find in the USA. The taste reminds me of the ciders in Asturias; a northern province of Spain that is famous for its ciders in much the same way Bordeaux or Napa are famous for wine. UFF used to offer sauerkraut as well, but have shelved that particular endeavor as they pursue other ventures: expansion! UFF is growing, and I'm just not talking about the weird, slimy kombucha cultures. Their production space and taproom has tripled in size in the last year, though expansion won't be complete until later this summer. They're putting in greenhouses to bolster their already ridiculously local ingredient selection. The owner talked about putting in an aquaponic system, which went a little over my head, but the man must be a scientist to keep yeast and bacteria so happy so I'm sure his techno savvy approach to gardening will be successful. They sell mini, 32 oz. growlers ($5 for the bottle, $7 refill of booch, $11 refill cider) and various swag (tea-shirts, glasses, etc). The people that run the place are super friendly and laid-back. Their excitement for their craft is immediately apparent. I wish them all the success in the world, though honestly they don't need my help as the quality of their products speaks for itself.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,10/4/2013,294,210,4,6,5>If I could be any dessert, I would be gelato. On gloomy days (including days when I get beaten by an exam at school), Gelato Fiasco is there for me. They have various flavors to choose from and introduces new flavors every month. My ultimate favorite - Stracciatella. Some honorable mentions:- Sweet Resurgam- Caramel Sea Salt- Caramel Brownie Bits- Maine Wild Blueberry Crisp (Only in season)As you can tell I tend to love the sweeter flavors rather than the tart/fruit-like sorbets that they also have in stock. Don't forget to join their Red Spoon Society! It's their own rewards system where you don't even need to carry a card. For every $1 you spend you get 1 point. To see a complete description of their bonus points and prizes, click here: gelatofiasco.com/red-spo
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,10/3/2013,74,67,1,4,4>I just have to give this 5 stars. We actually found out about this place because of YELP. We just kept seeing so many fabulous reviews. On Saturday we decided to take the kids out for lobster rolls and decided to hunt this place down. I had known of the Fisherman's NET fish store located next to the Grill but had never ever seen a restaurant there. Needless to say this place is all about quality. They have 3 different sizes and the mini is more than enough as it contains 1.25 lbs of lobster. I am weird about may so they made mine plain with a butter roll and it was amazing. I am sure they did not need another review but it was too good not to comment. If you are in the southern Maine area seeking lobster rolls this is the best and biggest option. The owner of the place was very friendly and made sure we had a table. This place is always packed. Remember to bring cash because they do not take cards.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/2/2013,101,201,,9,6>The best yoga studio in the Greater Portland area. Let's get the basics out of the way:* The studio is clean, comfortable, and is decorated well.* The teaching is top-notch.* The heating/humidity system is great (it's hot yoga).Ok, now onto the more intangible stuff, which is probably just as important as the tangible for a yoga studio:* This place is owned by a couple (Alice and Charlie), who's presence can be felt very strongly there. There is a clear vision at work in the studio, from the teaching to the locker rooms.* The teaching is Baptiste Power Yoga. The classes are varied, but within a framework that has been honed and refined. Each posture and flow serves a purpose, and none of it is frivolous. This consistency also allows for familiarity and a sense of developing mastery over one's self and one's practice, which is, some would say, what yoga is all about.* The teachers and staff get to know you and care about you. They'll great you by name when you walk in the door. They'll call out your name in class (in a good way). They'll remember your injuries. The individual attention given in group classes makes me feel like I'm getting a private each and every time. I'm not sure how the teachers do that, making everybody in the class feel like they're the only one they're talking to, but it's awesome.* It is welcoming. The first time I showed up, I had pre-paid online, and when I walked in the door they said, "You must be Aaron!" with a great big smile. They had already laid out a mat in the studio for me, and proceeded to give me a tour of the place, ending at my mat when I was ready. You don't get that sort of attention, and friendliness, everywhere. * The community, and sense of community, is outstanding. My wife and I have made good friends within the community there, and we continue to meet new and awesome people. It's a very diverse crowd in terms of age, gender, and experience.Here's what you won't find at Portland Power Yoga:* Music. Great music plays in the lobby and in the studio before class, but with the exception of a few special classes and events, the actual classes are not accompanied by music. The breath of the group and the sound of the teacher's voice, and your own headspace, are what's there for you.* Super-spiritual yoga talk. While there's plenty of attention given to the self and matters of the mind, emotion, and personal development, there's very little mention of spirituality during classes, which I really enjoy.* Jerks. I never get the sense that there's a silent competition going on around me. If you're looking for power yoga in the Portland area, I can't recommend PPY highly enough.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/1/2013,82,33,2,5,3>Do you like thick, flavorful donuts full of quality ingredients? Maybe a delicious iced coffee with your breakfast or midday treat? Then I highly recommend stopping by The Holy Donut. I'm usually not a huge fan of donuts in general, but these are my exception. You have no reason to go to some fast food chain and eat frozen products that were shipped from many states away when a local place like this exists. It may just be donuts, but if you're going to buy a tasty treat you should make it worth your money. I know other people have given low ratings because of how busy it usually is or the customer service not being 5 star, but I think the product is well worth the wait in line. Also, nobody has ever been rude to me there; just speedy, efficient, and polite service so that everyone gets to enjoy their donuts. In short: Maybe pricier than your usual donut, but well worth the quality ingredients and support of a local business.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,9/30/2013,70,177,,3,4>My wife's niece has been talking up Hot Suppa! for awhile. We were in Portland on an early Sunday morning after staying in-town for a wedding, so off to  Hot Suppa! we went for breakfast.We were one of the early arrivals just after they opened @ 7:30 and it wasn't long before the booths and tables were nearly filled. That's always a good sign when you are at a breakfast hot spot.My wife opted for their BLFGT (bacon, lettuce, and fried green tomatoes) on wheat. My god, why didn't I order this?!My bite (she only allowed me one that's how good it was) was a mouthful of perfection. The crispy bacon, ample mayo, and the somewhat tart but fried to perfection green tomatoes were an exquisite combination. I went with the French toast, which were cinnamon-y, toasted just right, and nice and thick--just like French toast are supposed to be. The side of home fries I ordered were a treat in their own right. Crispy and pan fried with grated fried potatoes on top (more like hash browns than your usual diner home fries), these were a great accompaniment to my French toast. Hot Suppa! has cheese grits. Not many places (if any) in Maine are serving up cheese grits just like you find in the South. My wife ordered these and I coaxed a few samples my way. The grits are cooked just right and topped with cheese from Pineland Farms, in New Gloucester.Portland has so many options for breakfast and brunch, but this seemed like a cut above.I really want to go back for their Southern and Cajun-style main course offerings for lunch and dinner including fried chicken.The service is friendly and as out-of-towners not sporting a hipster vibe, we felt right at home. This isn't always the case at some of the city's trendier eateries.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,9/29/2013,36,27,,3,2>We hadn't been here for a few years and returned tonight. Through the whole meal we kept saying, "why did we ever stop eating here???" Our meal was amazing. We had a LivingSocial deal which made us fearless about going big. Pepperclub's changed their menu a lot since we've last been there. There are loads of local beverages (E had mead from Maine Mead Works; I had a delicious lemon rosemary spritzer made locally by a company I'd never heard of). Now there's also a creative four-course menu option--app, salad, entree,dessert--which is a wicked good deal. The price varies a few bucks based on whether you get veg/meat/fish/scallops for the main course, but it's way less than ordering even two courses separately. We went for it. Have I mentioned our meals were amazing?E's gluten-free, and Pepperclub had tons of easily marked GF options and a knowledgeable waitstaff who even offered GF bread (which was, incidentally, quite good). E's jalapeno app and scallops were ridiculously delicious. My brussel sprout app and quinoa pasta carbonara with chicken--one of the best meals I can remember! We both had the most amazing dessert...GF ice cream cookie (espresso chocolate, squishy and YUM) sandwiches with Maples' organics sea salt caramel almond gelato inside (!!!!). I cannot say enough good things about this dinner. I'll be back to Pepperclub soon. I don't know why I ever left.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,9/28/2013,38,37,1,2,1>Gotta try the infused liquors !! They make an amazing Mojito and I have had brunch here about 50 times and still the Biscuits and Gravy is what I order every time, it's that good !! Staff is decent, they never seem too excited about life, but they are never rude, plus there is a waiter/host that works there that has the best style in the Old Port !! Plus, if you are a Football fan (Soccer) and the owner is around, you get the treat of seeing some out of network European games !! Great place with an awesome side patio in the park !!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2014,10/28/2014,4,7,1,4,3>Delicious food and if you are a big fan of sea food, this place is a must-try. We went on a Sunday and got there before 2pm, but that place was still totally packed. Waited for quite a while before being able to place our order, but all I could say is that the wait was totally worthy it! We got a pint of scollops, an order of calamari and a seafood sample to-go. It was really good that we already planned to come back next time earlier so we can try their "chowdah".If you don't mind the long wait and possibility of not being able to dine in, go try it out!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2014,10/27/2014,7,10,1,3,3>Wow!!!! This is good food! Very popular, very fast, very fresh & tasty ingredients, and awesome combinations!!! And cheap!!!! I highly recommend this place!We had the nikkomen pork buns (GREAT), and then miso ramen with kimchee, beef kimchee ramen, and the udon! All very tasty!!! Miso ramen with side of kimchee was the tables' fav!!!!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,10/26/2014,46,26,6,5,5>I used to think that all ice cream tasted the same. Store brand, Haagen Dazs, Ben & Jerry's, Gifford's, hand-made ice cream... all of it. BOY WAS I WRONG. All I had at Catbird was plain old chocolate ice cream with some whipped cream, gooey strawberry stuff, and sprinkles. I can't even describe how rich and creamy this ice cream tasted. I now understand the difference between crappy store brand ice cream with over 20 ingredients and ice cream from Catbird. I get it now. I TRULY GET IT NOW! With just one bite a surge of endorphins rushed over me and I instantaneously felt happy. I never had that feeling with any other chocolate ice cream before. NEVER.The service was beyond excellent. They pretty much let you try every flavor before you make your final decision. The lady in front of me had to try one flavor twice, because apparently she couldn't taste it right the first time?! I guess you could say I'm boring, but I went straight to the chocolate flavor first. I didn't even try any of the other ones, so if you're looking to discover other flavors, you should definitely take a look at the other reviews on here!Only problem I had with this place was actually finding it. Maybe I'm blind, but I was running around for a good 7 minutes trying to locate it. It was also around really dark outside and they were about to close. Perhaps a glow in the dark sign at night would be nice? Just kidding! :)
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/25/2014,0,11,1,5,4>We come here at least once a month because the food is so amazing. If you come on a weekend, be prepared for a wait though - because perfection takes time and this is a well-known brunch spot. They do not take reservations, you just have to put your name on the wait list, grab a coffee and hang around for a bit. The food is worth every minute you have to wait for it...The pancakes take up almost the entire plate (a good 8-9 inches straight across), the french toast is made with thick texas toast and my boyfriend swears by their scrambles. The irish coffee and mimosas are both amazing - so just treat yourself and get one. If you get a server named Andrew, consider yourself lucky because he memorizes your order, gets it right, is friendly and doesn't take forever to get you your check.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,10/24/2014,26,28,3,3,3>Brunch is an important event, and I'm excited to have discovered East Ender as a great option. They even take reservations, which is a plus in my book! The staff are friendly, the food has been very good with interesting options. The only thing I didn't like was the breakfast sausage, but the bacon was great! I'll definitely go back!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,10/23/2014,10,42,1,3,4>I really enjoyed stopping into this super cute, lively bar. The bartender was very nice and attentive and the crowd was eclectic and welcoming. The drinks were delicious and as we were starving, we had a little snack of mac n' cheese, which was pretty darn tasty. If I'm ever back in the area, I will definitely be stopping in again. PS - Good job with the decoration and atmosphere... felt like it was the right balance of sophisticated and modern, small-town Maine.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,10/22/2014,38,94,1,4,3>Visiting Wallingford's in the highly anticipated fall season is apparently a big deal in these parts.  The place was packed with folks in search of all the flavors and scents of fall - cider, apples, squash, donuts.  It really is more than it looks on the surface and is a real draw for families as there is a petting zoo, tractor rides and, I think, a corn maze.  The donuts here surpass all expectations and will be included in my future "Maine donut" blog - pumpkin, chocolate, plain, and sugar as well as other wonderful apple pastries like fritters and cobblers. Donut lovers line up in droves in the back of the store and are served by fresh faced teens who are super sweet and efficient.  You can watch the donuts being assembled and most likely will be offered ones fresh from the oven.  Delish!  Views from the hill upon which Wallingford's sits are spectacular.  You have to drive a bit off route 4 through some quaint villages.  Watch for the signs and you won't get lost.  Another plus is the enormous variety of apples you can sample - many I had never tried and you can pick and choose based on the accurate descriptions depending on your eating/baking needs - tart, sweet and all variations in between.  The only thing I can think of that detracted from the visit were the schlocky inflatable Halloween characters that dominated the scene.  Honestly, they are an eyesore - this place is fine on its own and doesn't need anything else to attract visitors.  Other than that, I know that it will be on my list of close-to-home fall destinations next year.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/21/2014,12,20,1,3,3>Lil's has the heart, and the quality, to be what many cafe's in this area are trying to be but don't quite pull off.   It's a breath of fresh air for Kittery.  Lil's is warm, friendly, full of life, and a place where the caring and hard working staff take the time to get to know you and serve up tasty, nourishing goodies with a genuine smile.Come for breakfast and have a creamy and expertly prepared espresso drink and one of their drool worthy fresh baked pastries.  And on the subject of their now world famous crullers...resistance is futile...run an extra mile this week and just have one.Lunch offerings are vibrant and seasonally inspired...yet also nice and simple.   My favorite is the fennel, apple, arugula salad with blue cheese and figs.  I have also tried most of the focaccia based panini's--excellent.  The thing is, when you have fresh and simple ingredients, it just tastes good.  They have a very fresh, well thought out, yet still unexpected menu.The decor is retro modern (is that a thing?).  Brick walls, birch and maple accents, some metallic elements.  It just works--like shaker aesthetic meets brooklyn neighborhood.   I have never had trouble finding a seat--despite the fact that it's pretty busy most days.  They also have two counters--you can hide or be visible, depending on your mood.Can't say enough about how excited I am that Lil's is in my own home town.  I'm an official regular there.   Hope to see you there.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/20/2014,27,15,1,5,2>I've been putting off this review for quite some time...I come to boone's about once a week (or so) for dinner, drinks, or late night snacks. I wanted to take my time and be sure I felt confident in my rating. After what has added up to thousands of dollars and probably hundreds of visits by now, I'm sure that I love this place. Tonight only deepened my convictions. My best friend and I were out walking my pup and decided a glass of wine was in order. The Port Hole was in full swing but that really wasn't our scene. Boone's has two decks and I assumed they must allow dogs. They definitely do.  Bella was welcomed by patrons, wait staff, bartenders, and managers alike. She received a bowl of water the moment we sat down and even had her own chair for a while. Any restaurant that caters to animals earns some stars in my book. To top it off the manager, Ben, and bartender (didn't get his name) were attentive, kind, and helpful for the 2-3 hours we were there. We ordered the special mushroom risotto (no cream for lactose free friend- thank you kitchen staff!!) and oyster room meatballs...always our favorite. I've never been disappointed by the food here but I always order on the more exotic (read: less touristy) side. To end the evening on a high note I forgot my sunglasses and the manager ran after me in the parking lot to make sure I got them. To summarize; tonight was one of many great experiences I've continually had at boone's over the last year.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,10/19/2014,2,18,4,4,5>For several months The Armory Lounge was mah thing. Literally, every Sunday I was there for cocktails and half-priced appetizers. Half priced crab cakes and cheese-plate? Yes please!Our long-time waitress, who's name I embarrassingly admit I just can't remember (probably because I was always floating on at least two of their delicious martinis... Natasha, Natalia??) was the greatest waitress ever! She knew us by name (which apparently I can't say the same *shame face*) and drink, and even gave us a gift-card to the lounge near Christmas time.I always got the Almond Joy martini, extra almond-y. I don't know if they actually did anything special to the cocktail, but it made me feel special. It's creamy, delicious, strong and has a cinnamon sugar coating on the rim. The crab cakes have gotten smaller since the last time I was there, but you still can't beat half-priced food and they're still pretty good.The atmosphere is dark and cozy? It's a mash-up of painted tables resembling marble, fake library decor, dim lighting, and cushy chairs. It's definitely a lounge resembling an outdated man-cave, but that's never stopped me once from going. In fact, I kinda love it.I'll be back soon for my almond-y Almond Joy Martini.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/20/2014,3,8,,4,2>For the beer, wine, and mead enthusiast: Novare Res is the perfect place to enjoy an eclectic variety of quality craft beers, international beers, specialty beers, wines, and meads. The revolutionary atmosphere that Novare fosters is unlike any other bar in Portland. Want to enjoy some summer weather while drinking your ice-cold brew? No problem! Novare has a large, sequestered, outdoor (smoke-free) deck complete with an outdoor bar and cornhole setup. The waitstaff are well-versed in the menu and would be happy to provide sound suggestions tailored to your taste buds!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,7/19/2014,98,279,3,5,6>Typically I drink beer, wine and the occasional margarita. But on this rainy Thirsty Thursday, my cohort and I decided to check out the Armory, described by fellow Yelpers as a place one might find Ron Burgundy or Sherlock and Holmes, sipping a scotch.On walking in, I could see the validity of this description. The decor was dark, with big leathery-ish chairs and a lot of wood. However, I was a little put off by the large, loud group of people surrounding the bar- my favorite seat for the proximity to the tender- nor was I fond of the faint aroma of fish sticks ( my least favorite food.) So I found a quiet chair off to the side and perused the drink menu while I waited.None of the drinks were what I would typically order, but I found the Pepino Picante- Spicy Cucumber en ingles- which I chose for its similarities to a margarita (tequila and juices). Plus I love spicy drinks. I love it when I inadvertanltly order exactly what I didn't know I wanted. SO DELICIOUS and not really like a margarita at all. It was refreshingly cucumbery with a gentle fiery kick to the finish. So light, not super sweet, and very easy on the tummy.I was tempted to get another of the same, but decided to be a good sport and go for the Summer Fling. At first glance, this drink is pretty much the opposite of anything I would ever order. But summer cocktails (even in a dark basement bar on a rainy evening) call for fresh fruit.  I had a choice of gin or vodka. Vodka wins every time. And who doesn't love vodka soaked watermelon speckled with mint? The agave nectar in conjunction with watermelon took this cocktail to a slightly sweeter level, but not unpleasantly so. The Summer Fling is the perfect drink on a hot and humid day. It is the epitome of a summer cocktail.My cohort had the Pepperoncini Pickletini because the worcestershire sauce in another cocktail was not vegeterian friendly. I'll admit, I was dubious, but I can definitely see how it would appeal had I salt craving.She also got the Fleur de Tea which I was slightly jealous of. It reminded me of the ever so slightly sweet sun tea my very Texan grandfather was fond of. It's probably better that I did not order this. It seems like one of those sneaky drinks. Throw a few back and before you know it, you're hammered!Did I mention the cheese and cracker plate? I picked up a townhouse cracker and dug in to what I thought was roasted red pepper hummus. Um- NO. It was a huge blob of pub cheese. Not gonna lie, I was not dissappointed.All in all? I dig it. I'll be back. I can't wait to see what they come up with for all the other seasons.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,7/18/2014,2,21,,3,2>My all time favorite breakfast place! This place has a Cajun flare. They have an extensive selection of delicious omlets! I have never tried the crawfish omlet but my friend for Louisiana said that if wasn't good.. But everything else is great! My favorite is the ginger pancakes and blueberry corn bread. Also this place fills up fast and it is small so be prepared to get there early or wait! If you have to wait I recommend browsing the art store across the street. In the summer it is sickly hot in there.. But they do have takeout and the food is worth it.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,7/17/2014,3,6,,3,2>Ice cream shop on a dairy farm. Did I mention it's in a train caboose?  Tons of flavors,  packed full of different types of treats from the traditional strawberry to "Candy store floor" which has numerous types of chocolates. The servings are large and the prices are good too. My only suggestion is labeling what the flavors are, although the employees know all of them back and forth and are more than happy to help.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,7/16/2014,35,16,,4,2>I have a major sweet tooth and although I've had cake from the European Bakery I had never visited it. Well, that changed this week when it was the husband's birthday and I realized we were cake-less. I stopped in on my way home from work- around 5:30 pm on a weeknight and found an impressive selection of cakes and sweets (especially for it being 30 min before they closed!). I opted to get a couple smaller items vs. a cake  so we could try a few things. I believe the small 16 inch cakes were $22 and I got 4 items for around $15. Here is the breakdown of what I got and the reviews of my husband and our friends: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cupcake- you MUST get this. It was A-mazing. So delicious. The peanut butter was mousse-like. So so good. By far our favorite item. Carrot Cake Cupcake- great creamy icing and delicious batter. Carrot cake is the hub's fav so this was a must. I was told the batter is the same as the bigger cakes so it was cool to be able to try it without buying an entire cake.Raspberry Mocha Cake- this was definitely the most interesting item I got and it was good, but our least favorite. The icing was mocha- very yummy. The cake was kinda like pound-cake and had raspberry filling with coconut and powder sugar on the outside. I think it was just a strange combo of flavors. I would enjoy the icing on something else. Maybe chocolate cake. Pecan Torte- Pecans with caramelized sugar and covered in chocolate. Really, really good. Great combo of sweet and salty. So, if you have a birthday or just want to satisfy your sugar craving- GO HERE! The staff was friendly and they even have tables and chairs and a "tea room". I have plans to go back with a friend and try more items. They probably had close to 50 different choices and honestly, everything looked delicious.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,7/15/2014,186,11,,3,2>Alright, if you want AMAZING food, with a gorgeous but private and romantic atmosphere this is the place to check out.  The food is made fresh daily with local ingredients bought the day of service.  Their chef Jim is a miracle worker in the kitchen.The menu changes weekly (although the favorites still stay on) and they often have nightly local entertainment.  They have an extensive wine list and a semi full bar that they keep adding to as customers request.  The locals seriously come back every single week for this fare and I totally see why.  The food is to die for!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,7/14/2014,74,300,2,5,2>I loved Lola. I think I will also love its little sister.Lolita feels sophisticated, yet accessible. Lola was great for a fancy night out, with their prix fixe menus and themed nights. But Lolita feels a little more every day (ha, I wish).I sat at the bar and enjoyed some cider on draft and some small plates. I got the burrata, the chicken liver mousse, and some olives and enjoyed chatting with the staff. The kitchen is spotless, as it should be since it's brand new, but I have a feeling that's just the type of ship that Guy and Stella run. It's an open kitchen, but unlike its neighbor down the street, they have a SERIOUS industrial fan that allows patrons to leave not smelling like smoke/food/cooking oil. I love the decor and they serve lunch AND dinner. I'm excited to keep going back...
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,7/13/2014,34,42,,2,1>Solid pizza.... CheckFast service.. CheckCrispy, delicious take out wings... Check!Wait what?  Yes, you read that right.  Crispy but not burnt wings... As take out.. That are still crispy on a 15 minute drive home.  Yes, it actually happens here, at a small town house of pizza.  Don't forget your order of fried mushrooms too if that's your thing, they rock.   The only reason it's not a 5 is it's just not my favorite style of pizza dough but it's true to house of pizza style and it's done well. In high school, my BFF and I lived off of their chicken finger subs.  I haven't had one since but their quality on everything else hasn't slipped in 16 years so imagine it's still a great sandwich too!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,7/12/2014,28,16,,3,1>I knew I wanted to donate to Locks of Love and I was dying for a haircut. Per some research and recommends, I ended up at bei capelli and BOY am I glad I did. The atmosphere rocks, they offer coffee and water for free and my stylist Jaelynn was AWESOME. she was sweet and listened to my needs.  I was nervous about going short and she eased my worries. The best part was the shampoo. They have this very zen little room where they wash, massage and pamper. It totally helped ease my anxiety. Everyone commented on my hair (both the ponytails she hacked off and the final product) and it made me feel so good and pampered. It was my first time in there and I was the last customer of the day but she still took me around and showed me the products she used and answered all my questions. She could have rushed me out the door but she didn't. That alone was enough to keep me coming back. The donation was free but I gave a tip and they will DEFINITELY be seeing her again for trims and upkeep. The prices are listed on their website and I guarantee it's worth it!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,7/11/2014,42,20,3,10,2>My favorite dining establishment in southern Maine / New Hampshire - and here's why.The bar. Let's start with the bar. It's  wooden, with a flat top to set beverages on. I have yet to find a bartender that was not friendly and engaging, on the spot with new drinks or food, and capable of mixing some exceptional offerings. Me? I'm a beer geek, and they consistently have about twenty on tap, with a strong selection of both local, domestic and foreign offerings that span the gamut of styles from IPAs to porters and stouts.Expertly mixed cocktails. If stronger spirits are your game, I should note that absinthe is on the menu, and they serve it properly. They also have a good, upscale selection of more standard liquors, nicely poured - neither too weak nor too strong - which is what you want, right? All of this combines to make it a fantastic place for a small, intimate gathering, or maybe drinks with that special someone. Presuming for a moment that you're not a drunken reprobate like myself, this is a restaurant, after all, and the food... the food is good. The majority of the small, cozy establishment is dedicated to the dining area, which has a combination of tables and communal style dining. Pick one or the other depending on how extraverted you might feel, but in general people don't seem shy about leaning over and asking what you're having and/or striking up a conversation. Maybe this irks some, but for me it has always created a greater social experience as a result of the close quarters, as if you've managed to find something very special - and you have.The menu has some cold plates and an extensive selection of appetizers. A few that come to mind are the braised short ribs, the polenta fries, and my favorite... poutine. For those of you unfamiliar with this French-Canadian haute cuisine, it consists of fries smothered in gravy and melted cheese curds. The twist they have added is to top it with a delicious duck confit, and the whole thing comes together as a wonderous artery-strangling assault on whatever section of your brain happens to define the religious experience.For true dinners, I highly recommend the perfectly cooked duck breast. If you are looking for something a little lighter (or vegetarian) the tomato soup is amazing as well. Make sure to check out the specials board for both seasonal dinner offerings and desserts. For the latter, they seem to have a regular offering of brulee variants and frequently an amazing, freshly-made, after-dinner donut.The staff is friendly and attentive, the food arrives on time, well-portioned and equally well plated and paired. I have seen a few reviews that note their lack of vegetarian offerings, which are present if not plentiful. Not being a vegetarian, it's never been a concern.The Black Birch fills up fast every day of the week, so get there early and enjoy.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,6/10/2014,71,45,2,9,5>Oh, my, The East Ender IS as good as it gets, without all of the busy hustle of a popular spot. Their just a step out of the Old Port, literally, just enough that parking isnt as much as a pain as any other establishment directly in the city. My first visit was quick, but not by choice. I sat at the bar, ordered mussels (which to this day are my FAVORITE in the Portland area -- sorry, Fore St) and a casear salad. The mussels came in a super flavorful, spicy, vodka with a hint of buffalo sauce and were the perfect size, not a shellfish growing out of it's shell. The salad was massive, and authentic, sardines included.My second visit was for brunch. I'm not sure how anything can be more inviting than a 24 oz mason jar filled with a mimosa for only $15! I shared (again, not by choice) with the couple of friends I was with.  East Ender is in my top 5 restaurants of this city. The service is very attentive and always seemed like they also enjoyed being there. Very quaint space, but doesn't lack the attitude and flavor of a delicious Old Port gem.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/9/2014,72,64,3,4,6>Warning!!! This is a dive bar! Nothing fancy by any means, but I really liked it. This is a local hangout so as a tourist/ outsider you may get a few looks. The seating is limited and it's seat yourself. The bar takes up most of the restaurant and has lots of barstools. During the summer they have outdoor seating to take advantage of  the water views. My first visit I ordered an Allagash white beer with an orange slice ( they don't have oranges just so you know) and a lobster roll. The beer is local and delicious- very citrusy. Food came out quickly. Lobster roll was served on a toasted hotdog bun- tons of lobster meat piled high- mayo and butter on the side. It comes with salty potato chips and a pickle spear. My only complaint was that the meat itself was cold- I expected it to be warm, but it was still good. I returned to Jay's 2 days later and had a regular order of steamers (clams) $15 for a good size portion. This was my first time trying them and I really enjoyed them. They were served in an aluminum bucket with drawn butter, and a small bowl of hot water for washing off the sandy clams. If I'm ever back in Portland I will go back to Jays. :)
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,6/8/2014,25,17,,4,3>Fantastic little family owned Italian bakery right in Pepperell Square in Saco. I tried a slice of their homemade pizza and a piece of their tiramisu and was not disappointed! I'm not sure which type of tiramisu "Gina" was eating but the tiramisu made by this bakery is definitely not made with chocolate cake. Espresso soaked lady fingers is what I got...just the way it's supposed to be. It was so good! Very comparable to Mike's Pastries in Boston. The family is super nice too. I'll be back to try some other pastries once I work off the tiramisu!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/7/2014,11,17,,7,4>I use to live in nyc and we just ordered molly' chicken mushroom carbonara, and cheesy garlic bread. It was really really good. We are very happy we can still get good pizza here in Portland. We definitely are ordering from here again. Very pleased with the speedy delivery as well. The pizza was around 19 but you get a lot for your money especially with the bread sticks. Very impressed.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/6/2014,38,94,5,5,6>On a recent stroll around Back Cove and walking under Tukey's Bridge, I needed warming up on this breezy March morning.  I steered myself to this vibrant coffee house that is positioned in the gritty yet up-and-coming East Bayside neighborhood.  The vibe was enticing and the interior smaller than expected but filled with the big hearts of the staff.  The menu is limited but satisfying and I chose a steaming cup of Los Arboles that was accompanied by a charming little square of leather.  My companion enjoyed an espresso.  Of course, I whipped out my other constant companion, my iPhone to document the experience and was quite satisfied with the results.  At one point, I consulted the interwebs and the wifi connection name that popped up was "Gayle Waters-Waters"  I immediately recognized the inside joke here which is a reference to the overachieving, power walking suburban housewife played by the genius Chris Fleming whose web series is in its 3rd season thanks to the generous support of Kickstarters.  The mustachioed proprietor is indeed a huge fan and we instantly bonded over this discovery and traded quips from the videos.  Yes, Gayle would be the first one to stop here after her power yoga class or 5th time around the Back Cove trail. Anything to trump her frienemy Bonnie.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,6/5/2014,68,106,3,6,5>Does it count as zero calories when you didn't MEAN to stumble upon the glorious deliciousness of cupcakes?  I walked into the common area at my work and there just HAPPENED to be a table covered in these delectable treats. I couldn't even try to use the, "I don't have cash," excuse because KupCakes came prepared with one of those handy iPhone Square scanners. I was basically trapped. Held against my will, really. I had no choice. Well, I had a few choices... gluten free chocolate coconut, lemon poppy seed, vegan vanilla, blueberry lemon...I opted for a standard chocolate with buttercream frosting and a vanilla with blueberry filling and lemon frosting. I'm not a huge sweet tooth person (my vice is candy, not baked goodies), so I was able to hold out and bring these babies home and store them as a weekend treat.A few days later, I took the chocolate with buttercream out of the fridge for a taste test. It was very rich, if you are a chocolate fan, you will LOVE the full and nearly-dark chocolate taste in the cake. I'm not a big chocolate fan (srsly!), so the sweet frosting was a great balance to the strength of the chocolate for me. I could only eat a quarter of my KupCake before begging for a glass of milk. This dessert is easily shareable by two, and I still haven't touched the blueberry lemon out of sheer intimidation of its size.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,6/4/2014,439,349,,6,5>I love how this humble auditorium is filled with energy every time I come by for a show, no matter who is performing!I did a bit of digging, and it turns out Merrill Auditorium was built in 1912 (no surprise, right? Maine is super old) and the seating capacity is 1900. Is that number right? That's more than some small towns! It's also seen the likes of SUPER FAMOUS people such as John Philip Sousa and George Gershwin. I don't remember what they've composed, but they were a BIG DEAL back when I took a introductory music course. More recently, I've had the pleasure of seeing Rock of Ages, Potted Potter, and my new all-time favorite--Blue Man Group! It's amazing to find such big name shows here, and it's even more amazing because it's a relatively small space, which means I get to be even closer to the stage, no matter where I'm seated!I have no complaints, and I look forward to seeing more great shows here in the future. :)
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/3/2014,297,73,2,6,3>As small music venues go, this one is great. It has a nicely remodeled feel and is clean as a whistle. Nothing about this facility feels cheap. The main room is longer than it is wide, with lounge seating in an elevated area to the side that costs a little extra. The sound is good and there are no visual obstructions.There are two bars, one as you enter on the right and one in the lounge / VIP seating area. Both are full service, well stocked and also offer a number of beers on tap. I've been twice and both times the bartenders were friendly, competent and professional. You won't find mixology type cocktails here, which is completely forgivable as there's only so much they can do in high volume setting in a plastic cup. As mentioned, they're competent and will shake up something tasty if asked. Drink prices, as noted by other reviewers, are on the steep side. If you already forked over your hard earned dough for a ticket be prepared to dig a little deeper.The bathrooms are down a very long flight of stairs past a pool table and a few arcade / pinball machines in the basement. The stairs are wide but watch your step. Parking is on street and there are reasonably priced off street pay lots within a few blocks walking distance.In summary, this is the grown up version of the smaller live music club venues of your youth. Many of the musical acts are the same as your youth however absent are the sticky floors, smokey air, standing behind a pole, low quality PA and sweaty neighbors. They've been replaced by a slightly upscale and comfortable experience with prices that match. I enjoy seeing concerts here.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,6/2/2014,21,17,,2,2>This place is one of my favorite place to eat and drink after work. They have awesome fries and poutine. Last nite we got a bacon poutine (which was very delicious), crispy wings and 2 burgers. I'm not a big fan of burgers so i didn't try them, but the wings were kinda good, they topped with crushed pretzels which was interesting.Overall, this place is awesome to hang out with friends, get some snacks and drinks.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,6/1/2014,73,8,2,3,2>Summary: great for late night foods, open late for post-bar munchies, AWESOME tater tots. I didn't like my other foods but I will be willing to try something else. Pros: Open later, great tater tots. Cons: Parking, small dining area. I went on a Sunday afternoon with the girlfriend after a day of roaming the city and we luckily found a parking spot right in front of the place, but there are limited spots around the area so just be mindful when going here. It's probably better off as a place to go to after you've done some exploring around the city. It's a small space to get your food and have a quick bite or a quick, casual lunch. We went in and it was empty so it was perfect to explore everything about the place. The menu had sandwiches hot dogs and our fav: tater tots. We opted for the three little pigs tater tots, small brussels sprouts (per recommendation of Yelpers) and the Seoul Dog. Tater tots: need I say more? Tots are delicious by themselves and the combo with cheese, and bacon makes it even more delicious. Left me wanting more. Brussels Sprouts: I've never liked brussels sprouts but wanted to give them a try since Yelpers raved about them. I still don't like brussels sprouts. They were grilled and had some sauce and cheese on them but I couldn't get over the brussels taste. Seoul Hot Dog: I've had better dogs themselves. It wasn't anything spectacular. The kim-chi on it was more vinegar-y than I usually like it. I probably don't try it again, but I will be willing to try another dog. This will be my new spot for post-bar munchies with tater tots!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,10/28/2013,12,3,,4,2>Stunning food from a decidedly unassuming venue. This place is tucked away so much that I when I arrived to meet friends, I thought it was closed. It's snuggled in beside the pizza place. I can only suggest that you find your way there. I tend not to differentiate food based on ethnicity, rather, I judge it on whether or not it's good food. What I got at Thai 9 was good food. No, it was great food. So few chefs these days really get the concept of layering flavors. This chef gets it. From the soup to the main course, the flavors were perfectly set up. This does not happen by accident. I don't know if this is a chef owner, but if it's not I suspect it will be. This was great food. The space was sad, but I don't care, the food was that good.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,10/27/2013,0,4,1,7,3>Generally making my way to the old port for Dining I would not have thought that I would be going north to Lewiston. After Saturday night. I think my car will steer north more often. The food was incredible. Like a work of art and not skimpy. Usually  the case when it's artful.  I had the sesame encrusted sashimi tuna! Hands down best I have ever had.  Cesar salad before (hold the anchovies) great dressing and fresh.  The atmosphere was either loud and festive in one room or quiet and romantic for two in the side room or toward the front. Great space for lounging or saddling up to the bar. All in all a great joint and addition to the LA area.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,10/26/2013,0,4,,3,2>My husband and I just moved from California to Maine and have been exploring what this area has to offer, food wise. Although the fine-dining experiences are limited in the Lewiston-Auburn area, Fuel was an all around lovely experience. Our Friday night carried an eclectic, casual, fine dining feel. Some patrons dressed in jeans and t-shirts, while others wore heels, dresses and button up shirts. The prices, for what you receive are definitely fair, and if you consider the $20 range expensive for a meal, then I presume you would find this restaurant to be quite pricey. However, taking your sweetie out for a romantic $100 divinely cooked meal is a treat worth occasionally partaking in (in my opinion).Drinks: WHAT A SELECTION! Especially the wine list. I was very impressed and therefore ordered two drinks during my time there (I am a lush). 1) Parducci Pinot Noir (from their wine tap) and 2) The Old Fashioned (made with bourbon, bitters, a cherry, and orange): It tastes great made "smokey." It was rather strong though (which I liked at the time, but disliked in the morning). Appetizers: We ordered the Bacon Dusted Frites, which the server recommended. I wasn't very impressed though. To me, they tasted like overcooked skinny french fries. But, maybe I don't quite have a handle on the French cuisine style of cooking?Entrees: The Balsamic Braised Pork Shank was a phenomenal, flavorful dish. Order it. And have someone capture a picture of your face when the server places it in front of you. The portion was very large and I thought it was cute that my husband ordered filet mignon and his portion was super tiny compared to mine. The Filet Mignon was good, but it wasn't as tender as a filet cut should be. Dessert: We shared the Chocolate Bomb. If you enjoy a few bites of dessert and then you are finished, it is a perfect little treat. It is rather small, but very rich. The caramel is fantastic and tastes homemade. So, breaking it down: 4 drinks, 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert = $103 (including tax). Not too shabby!When my husband and I head back to Fuel, in the weeks to come, we are going to sit at the bar because it was so energetic and colorful. It looked like the people at the bar were regulars and there was a lot of laughing. I think that is probably why I would like to go back to Fuel: laughing, warm atmosphere, tasty food, and strong drinks. YES!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,10/25/2013,23,30,,2,2>Simones' Hot Dogs is an institution in Lewiston. When I moved away, I had to come back and visit every time I came home. Marc C. couldn't be more right when he says that customers quickly become friends. The Simones and staff couldn't be friendlier and always make you feel at home. The walls are lined with photos of Maine and national politicians that have visited over the years and it is THE place to go to talk politics in Lewiston.  I recommend the Maine steamed red hotdogs (but they have grilled beef dogs if you aren't brave enough to give them a shot), the chili cheese dogs (house special), or the tuna melt. Don't forget to order a half and half (onion rings and french fries) to go along with your order!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,10/24/2013,2,12,,2,2>I went rafting on the Penobscot river for the first time and had a blast! I can't recommend it enough. We left for the trip around 430am to be there for the 7am check in. That alone was an adventure... in a good way. But anyway, I was super nervous about going. The presentations, safety lessons and constant reminders of how these are the hardest rapids in Maine and how the water was very high that day (which makes the rapids even more "dangerous") didn't help calm my nerves. I was on a raft with 5 other family members and 2 strangers. ALL of us were new to rafting and our guide thought it was shocking that we didn't try out the Kennebec river first, which is supposedly not as dangerous, this comment also did not help settle my nerves. Our guide Zach was AWESOME and a huge help in making us feel safe and at ease for our first trip. He was very professional when necessary but was also a lot of fun and had a great sense of humor.There were quite a few spots where you sit in calm water and at times go swimming. I prefer more rapids but it wasn't so bad to take a break from time to time. The lunch provided was really good which I appreciated because we were all starving after the first part of the trip. The views of Katahdin are absolutely gorgeous!!! After the trip, we all (people who rafted plus the guides) gathered back at the lodge. This was one of my favorite parts, everyone reflecting back on the day with a nice ice cold craft brew (for $4.50!!!) and laughing at funny photos and watching a very cool video. I could go on and on about how awesome our trip was but this is long enough. I can't wait to go again! Oh the guides are pretty good looking too ;) Just sayin' Bring sunscreen!!!!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,10/23/2013,7,56,,2,2>My husband and I were vacationing at Lake Cupsuptic for our anniversary and were told that The Gingerbread House was a good place to eat. We made reservations for our anniversary.The staff was super friendly. I read other reviews that were from years past, maybe they have better staff now. We had an exceptional experience and meal. We started with a bottle of cabernet sauvignon that was reasonably priced.Our waitress was very helpful and made suggestions.We ordered the crab cakes to split as an appetizer. They were almost ALL lump crab hardly any filler. They were some of the best crab cakes I have ever had.My husband asked for a recommendation from the waitress and she suggested the lamb chops. They were juicy and delicious! The portions were well worth the money!I had the Lobster Mac n cheese. It was super! The lobster was piled on top, not baked into the mac n cheese. This made for very juicy lobster meat. All of the lobster meat was claws.For dessert, we had warm gingerbread with vanilla ice cream. It was delicious!A terrific anniversary dinner!Two thumbs up!!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,10/22/2013,4,10,,,>Can't complain is an understatement.  :)This is a bar and restaurant. A bar with staff that doesn't turn over and quality beer and whiskey options. You are forced to be cozy with your neighbors, and at Boru, that's a good thing. However, the food is awesome as well. It's not pubby, Boru seems to do traditional non-chain driven Irish/American classics with a respect to regional bias and food-sourcing. They are able to book better bands, Host a great road race yearly, and apparently have great Irish music on Sundays. Not my jam, but I respect it.The deck, the bevs, the food, the entertainment, the service (always prompt and attentive, but will equally walk away when some yuppie debates whether or not they want a summer ale or a guinness), the location (It's not the Portland public school reunion every night,) are all factors that makes Brian Boru a go to; regardless of the reason.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,10/21/2013,1,22,,2,2>Sometimes I come here just for the pie -- warmed up blueberry with vanilla ice cream on top. Cappy's is definitely a favorite go-to place when you don't necessarily want fancy food, just good food. I've had several things here, but my personal favorite is the Belfast Delight -- a blackened chicken breast with Maine pepperjack cheese and habenero mayo. Beware: it is spicy!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,10/20/2013,10,38,1,4,5>This citrus-colored coffee shop has plenty of tables, parking, and a spot out back for your doggy to run around while you sip your freshly-ground coffee. This little place brews EVERY CUP of coffee fresh to order. No giant urn, no diner-pot. Your coffee is brewed just for you using a filter and some gravity. My companion didn't care for his spring green tea...he said it tasted like water filtered through grass. Eh, I am a coffee drinker and  this place treated me just fine.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,10/19/2013,104,40,3,6,2>Wow!!  How lucky is Portland to have such a unique place. It is a collection of the weird. If you are expecting an organized, pristine, well-marked and explained collection, you are missing the point. This is a collection of the unexplained, Legends, stories. If there were facts and solid evidence of Big Foot, he would not be in a cryptozoology museum. Instead you get to feel like you are peeking through someone's private collection, piecing together stories, and letting your imagination run wild.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/19/2014,1,9,2,2,3>My family and I ate here a few weeks ago when we were shopping in Freeport. It was awesome! I.ordered a lobster grilled cheese, my first time having one ever, and it did not disappoint. They accommodated my request for gluten free bread no problem, and my daughter loved their kid's fish. She also really enjoyed the things they gave out with their kids menu- some kind of twisty sticks- much more entertaining than the usual crayons. Overall, we loved our lunch experience!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,8/18/2014,183,392,5,5,5>2 Cats is 2 cool of a restaurant to miss out on while visiting Bar Harbor. We visited during the 4th of July and had front row patio seats for the parade. Due to high volume during this day, service was slow (which was perfect so we could watch the parade without culinary distractions) but our waitress initially and quickly brought us two biscuits and strawberry butter (you'll hate yourself if you don't order those) and kept our coffee (delicious) and water glasses full throughout the parade. Once the parade ended, service picked up. Mark ordered the lobster benedict which he describes as, "one of the best lobster benedicts I've ever had." I ordered the pancakes which were fantastic, but note they are huge so be sure you have fasted for days to prepare your stomach for the carb overload. I could have just had one and been perfectly content, but the flavor was so spot on and the cakes were so fluffy I wound up eating two and feeling extremely bloated for hours.Rumor has it there are two cats that live at the restaurant (though a little birdy told me they mostly hang out at the pizza place) which gives the restaurant its name. I would have loved to have seen them, but I'm sure they were snoozing in a pizza dish somewhere. The restaurant was super cozy as it is more like a B&B with a beautiful and colorful front porch for breakfast. I wish I had purchased one of their tydye t-shirts because they're logo is awesome, but alas, that will be for another trip.Definitely make this a priority on your next trip! I will certainly be back!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/17/2014,72,64,5,4,4>Had a nice dinner with my roomie and her friend on a Tuesday night around 7:00. Great location, cool vibe, friendly waitstaff. My favorite part, the bread- those complimentary garlic knots with the dipping sauce are to die for!! I seriously could have eaten my weight in them!! First round of drinks- the strawberry basil mojito, it was delicious- light, crisp, and loaded with yummy strawberries!!  It was so good it also made the second round, lol! For dinner I ordered the shrimp and scallop skewers- they were to be served with a mushroom risotto but I'm not really a mushroom fan. I substituted mashed potatoes and they were just ok. The skewers were cooked perfectly and were a decent portion. For an after dinner drink I ordered the "After D"  clever name! ;) It consisted of baileys, Kahluha, Godiva, and espresso. It was so rich and creamy!! I really liked David's and will be back!!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,8/16/2014,439,349,1,5,3>On a rainy Sunday morning in April, a warm and hearty brunch accompanied by a side of live bluegrass music may just be the answer to everything. My friends/classmates and I had won a silent auction brunch with faculty, and Gather was definitely a great find! If you're looking for a relaxed and comfortable place with an upscale feel, this is it. The crowd varied from families with small children to elderly couples, and it was clear that everyone was enjoying themselves. The live music begins at 11am on Sundays, and it was amazing how the everyone would stop to applause when each song ended. It was great background noise that never distracted from the conversation, and yet everyone still knew they were there. Onto the food... the building looks like an old church or schoolhouse, and you can see the kitchen from everywhere! While I usually love breakfast and eggs benedicts, I opted for the Gather Reuben on this cold, hungry morning of mine. I believe it was corned beef on rye, with onions and swiss cheese, with a LARGE side of french fries! The portion was much larger than I expected, and it was definitely tasty, albeit peppery. I also had a glass of their carrot/orange juice blend, and it was wonderfully delicious!Now if I were to go again... I'd be torn between ordering the Vegetarian Eggs Benedict w/ Ham or their Smoked Salmon sampler w/ salad. Absolutely everything that was ordered at my table looked DELICIOUS and I kind of wish I had ordered a more breakfast-y food! They also had a Peach & Vanilla Bean bellini on the menu that sounded delicious, but apparently the flavors were very light. This was definitely a great find, and I can't wait to try this again in the warmer months! :)
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,8/15/2014,0,10,2,3,3>I would not call myself a huge fan of French food, but I do like this place.First, I highly recommend trying their craft sodas. Craft soda? Yes, and it is not simply overpriced stuff that you can buy in a bottle in the store. Try their take on root beer - It has a root beer flavor but spicier and certainly different than anything I have tasted sold in bottle form.Now about the food... The best part of any French restaurant is the french fries, and Duckfat makes excellent fries. They also supply some dipping sauces that are tasty, but the fries are good enough to eat naked. As for regular food, the sandwich board is expensive, but the cure meats and pickled vegetables they serve with it are fantastic.As for atmosphere - hipster. Definitely not kid friendly, but it's great place to go with friends or take someone on a casual date.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/14/2014,82,42,2,4,3>You can't get any closer to where your food comes from than at The Well. Located on Jordan Farm the chef creates always changing menus based on what's being harvested. The atmosphere is lovely - done in an intimate "shack" with the chefs or select a screened in gazebo. There are open air picnic tables too, but be warned the biting insects are often a nuisance. The food is delicious albeit a bit plain. It's honest good food. Well prepared and of course fresh. While nothing was disappointing I didn't give 5 stars because my meal wasn't outstanding or particularly memorable. The setting took the show.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,8/13/2014,140,379,3,7,4>Finally I have found a decent steak in Portland. I seriously thought it would never happen. Since we moved here in September I have been let down time and time again by mediocre steaks, that is until Petite Jacqueline's Steak Frites entered my life. It was love at first bite for me; the steak was cooked to perfection, lightly seasoned and melted in my mouth. By far one of the top 5 steak dishes I have ever had. The simplicity alone is what I loved most - lightly seasoned meat, perfectly cooked frites & a glass of champagne - what more could I ask for?The husband tried the snails - which looked disgusting - but he enjoyed and then had the fish of the day which was Sea Bass. He loved both dishes. Our server was excellent, made great suggestions, explained the menu very well and was ahead of our every need. On thing that I really liked was the bar in the back which had a lively atmosphere and is cleverly tucked behind a frosted glass wall so it doesn't ruin the softly light romantic dining area vibe. Genius.We finished the evening with creme brulee which was the perfect end to one of the most perfect meals in Portland yet. Can't wait to come back and enjoy their patio this summer!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,8/12/2014,31,7,4,6,5>I have always been an ice cream girl, so when my wife was diagnosed with a dairy allergy it just didn't seem fair to flaunt the sweet stuff in her face...so after a few years sans ice cream, Gelato Fiasco opened in Portland and voila! my cold treat prayers were answered! She has almost as many choices for dairy free sorbetto as I do in gelato. This company obviously loves their employees because the employees seem to genuinely like their jobs and the customer service is always fantastic--even when the place is super busy! What's better than a stroll down to Fore Street to get my sugar fix? Well, not much but adding a pint to my shopping cart at the grocery store is super convenient and we inevitably always have a pint or two on hand. I'm part of their Red Spoon Society which is fun because I get email updates about new flavors and events, and purchase points add up quickly to get a free size! Keep it up, GF!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,8/11/2014,3,8,1,4,3>Imperial is by far one of the best American Chinese restaurants in Maine--even New England. The food is simply delicious and everything is made without MSG (monosodium glutamate).This little hidden treasure is a perfect place for a quiet date night dinner. The wait staff is swift and attentive, and the prices are on point for the quality. If you're craving delectable Chinese food, Imperial is the precise destination to satisfy.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/10/2014,27,15,1,4,3>I've been to the clinic three times now since we moved to the neighborhood in June. My 16 month old French Bulldog was in need of all her shots and a check up once we had settled in.Everyone at the office has been friendly, helpful, informative, and kind. We split up her wellness visits so she didn't get all of her shots at once and Bella was more calm and relaxed here than at any other vet we've been to. We regularly take our walks by the office and she runs up to the door hoping to go in. We visited today to get flea, tick, and heart-worm medication and the receptionist was very helpful in answering all the questions I had and making time for Bella and I. Most people I've met since moving here have recommended Brackett Street, which only makes me feel better about bringing Bella here.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,8/9/2014,15,44,1,7,7>I could just imagine Owen Wilson from "A Midnight in Paris" raving about The North Point. The sound of Cole Porter would have been enough to bring him in. This french/american bistro is one of a kind in Portland. Meat and Cheese plates. The most amazing flatbread sandwiches. Hands down! The flatbread comes from tandoor bread on Forest Ave. Anyone who knows of this bakery is in love with it. Everything in this restaurant is done with thought. I even like how it is on Silver Street. Away from the commotion of Portland. This is a quaint place that needs to be down an alley so when customers leave they can say "that is our hidden gem".
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/8/2014,4,21,5,3,3>Yup - 5 stars.  After dining here several times over the past couple years I've realized that I can't take any stars away.  I've always been satisfied with my entire experience.  First and foremost the music is awesome - 80s Super hits or 90s gangster rap.  Whatever is playing provides a lovely soundtrack for me attempting to wrap elusive noodles around my chopsticks.Secondly I really love the noodles.  It's like chicken soup for the millennial soul.  Quail egg, seaweed and pork in a tasty ramen broth.  Yes please.  You can wash it down with one of several beers on tap including traditional Japanese lager or a local beer.  As for the scene:  there is a zero % chance that you won't see someone who is either smoking a natural spirit, dressed in a flannel or sporting ironic facial hair.  Incidentally there is a 75% chance that you'll see someone doing all three.  It's a great place to meet friends or bring visitors from out of town (although I probably wouldn't bring grandma here).  Prices are not cheap but you don't need to take out a loan to eat here.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,8/7/2014,111,121,4,5,5>The potato bacon with scallion at 2AM makes me so happy after a night out on the town.  This is seriously the best pizza I have ever had.  I have tried other toppings as well and they are all good.  Just writing this review makes me want to head downtown to grab a slice.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,8/6/2014,54,40,4,7,5>1 out of every 4 dollars I spend in a restaurant in Portland goes to Boda.  I can't say enough positive stuff about this place.  It's ridiculous to get rate an establishment on it's staff unless they own the place, BUT I'm in love with the staff at Boda.  Almost entirely men, in the kitchen, behind the bar, and at the tables.  Though it seems they have more assigned areas, bar and wait staff easily float  between tasks and back each other up.  It's seemless and much appreciated.  They have a fabulous way to split the bill up, making everyone's life easier.It's not possible to pick just one reason why I love Boda so much.  Firstly I'm gluten intolerant - no problem here, the exciting and enticing menu clearly delineates the gluten free choices which are many, so rare in most restaurants.  Secondly I'm a newbie at cocktails and little timid about trying new drinks - these guys always make something fabulous, I've never been dissappointed.  Portland, while I always prioritize beer, is really a cocktail city and Boda can hold it's own in a contest I'm sure.  The Thai Basil Tom Collins is a sure winner.Boda accommodates me when I show up on date night with one guest and makes it work on industry night with 6 others.  We're blessed to have such a wonderful place in Portland.  Though I wish I could ALWAYS get in (I've left after being told an hour wait) I love the size of this place.  If it got any bigger it might simply not be as cool.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,8/5/2014,15,150,2,4,3>I can't believe I waited so long to come here, when it's just down the road from me. First, the doughnuts. Oh my god the doughnuts. I haven't had a hot, fresh doughnut since my Nana used to make them, and then the various flavors were just amazing. We had a tiramisu, candied bacon (with regular glaze, since I don't like maple) and another one with chocolate and raspberry. They were so decadent I only ate half of one so that I didn't spoil my breakfast. I'd heard that eggs benedict was their specialty and that is no lie. Today there was a special for "warsaw benedict" that had kielbasa instead of ham and it was so delicious. The hollandaise was perfect and not broken, eggs cooked just right. And the hashbrowns, which I usually don't eat at most places because they're usually under-cooked, were perfect here.Service was prompt and friendly. Definitely going back.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,8/4/2014,51,269,2,4,3>OK, updating this review just to rave about them even more! This is easily my favorite donut place in Portland... or anywhere, ever. Every person I've encountered there has been friendly and awesome, always taking the time to chat with me and make the experience more personal. There's always a good selection of flavors (even when you go there 30 minutes before they close), and the donuts are always fantastic. I am constantly telling people about this place because I love it so much! Make sure you get there early to have the biggest selection -- they close when they sell out of donuts. But if you DO get there later in the day, the owner will likely throw in a few extra donuts for free, so... there's that. :D
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,8/3/2014,2,6,2,5,2>I've eaten a LOT of lobster rolls. A lot. All over New England. This little food truck in Fort Williams might just have the best one I've ever had. I normally order their classic Maine style, but the other five variations are delicious as well when you want a twist. They serve cold Maine Root sodas and Wicked Whoopie pies.Thank you to the person who decided to eat the crazy looking sea bug that we call lobster, and thank you to Bite Into ME!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,8/2/2014,95,133,1,3,2>Last night was my first night at the State Theater in Portland, ME and I must say I was very surprised at the amount of charm that was here.  From the outside, it really does not look like it is all that appealing but once you step in the doors and into the main stage area, you can see why this would be a great place to go to see concerts and in our case movies.We came here to see the short film collection by Maine filmmakers in a event called Damnation 2013 and we really enjoyed it.  The acoustics of the building made the scarier scenes that much more scary and the psychological pieces that much more psychological.The seats that we were in were very comfortable and it even had an upper deck mezzanine to watch things from a different angle.Although this was my first time here, I can see myself going to this place to see some future shows.  I saw a couple that I may have to partake in near the end of this year in Elvis Costello and BadFish on New Years Eve (tribute to Sublime).The décor in this place is very much the same as an old time theater like an old opera house with the colors being maroon and gold.I recommend the State Theater for your future events not only for the local feel of Portland but also for the charm of an old theater house.  Hidden Gem.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,8/1/2014,36,98,3,4,2>This place is great! Brand new bowling alley, bar, and restaurant. This is not your average bowling alley! The staff is friendly and you can order food while bowling. They have a large bar/lounge area and a dining room. Great spot for a large group, work outing, night out, or a day with the family. We had a fun time bowling this afternoon and they were very accommodating (we have a high maintenance two year old). We will definitely be back!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,7/31/2014,49,135,1,3,2>Third time eating here and I can't bring myself to get anything other than the fish tacos which are perfection. I'd recommend getting at least two and three if you're really hungry. The fish is perfectly cooked with some kind of awesome dry rub that gives just the right amount of heat. It's not breaded like many places - just awesome fresh tasty fish (and generous too). Topped with crunchy cabbage and some kind of spicy mayo/cream sauce. SO GOOD. My Mom got some kind of ground beef tacos and raved about them. My Dad got a $5 burrito special (snow special?) and was super happy with the carnitas and the size of the thing. Highly recommend. Super friendly waitress.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,9/27/2013,9,91,,4,4>Not to go brag but I consider myself a bit of an expert when it comes to eating pie. I have eaten many a slice in my day and today I had the urge for a nice thin piece.  Of course I'm talking pizza. Brick oven, thin crust and crispy. And one of the better brick oven pizza's I have had was found at Bonobo's. A little of the beaten path on the corner of Pine Street in Portland's west end, we arrived at about 11:45 am and it actually looked closed. However when the bartender heard the door she quickly came out from around the corner and offered us a seat. The food here is all natural and nitrate free as is the overall ambiance. The decor here is eclectic, a little old and worn but with a little old corner store charm. It was also very cold so dress warm during these cold Maine winter days. The smell of a word burning fireplace in the dead of winter brought back memories of childhood. For a starter Simone had to warm up with French Onion soup. It arrived to the table fresh out of the oven and still simmering. After letting it cool for a few minutes she dug in. The melted cheese on top was stringy and creamy, and the soup itself was onioney (yes that's a word) sweet and rich. Topped with large chunks of crispy bread this did the trick and hit the spot. Up next was the star of the show, pizza. For our choice we went with the relatively healthy sounding Gruyere pizza. A very good light and crispy charred crust arrived topped with garlicky butter, sauteed leeks, diced proscuttio, baby spinach, Gruyere and Parmesan cheese and purple potatoes. The flavors worked great. The toppings were fresh, not to salty and just the right amount of garlic. My only wish is that the potatoes had been sliced thinner and cooked crispier as they were a little mushy.  However this was a small detail and overall this was a pretty solid choice. Because it was thin crust we had no trouble finishing the thirteen inch pie. If you are looking for a good brick oven pizza and are trying to avoid the often jam packed Flatbread Company then I suggest you give this a try. It is equal to and arguably a better choice. Four stars.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,9/26/2013,71,96,5,7,5>Having lived a large portion of my life "away" in balmy and exotic locales such as Indiana, Detroit, Las Vegas, and Memphis, I sometimes like to playfully grumble about Maine's white-breadedness. When I have a powerful need for some delicious tacos, that playful grumbling can descend into all-out abuse. Let's just say that I get grumpy when my need for tacos can't be sated. But now there is no more reason to grumble, gripe, and complain because Taco Trio is here! This little restaurant in downtown South Portland is home to some really delicious tacos. Though I am typically partial to carnitas tacos when I visit taquerias elsewhere, TT's true talent is for the pastor.  They also have the distinction of being the first Mexican place in all our travels (that includes Mexico, btw) where my husband was enticed to try seafood tacos. Their fish tacos are nearly as divine as their pastor.Get the 3 taco deal ($9 - get it? Taco trio?) and you will be stuffed for hours. The only thing standing between them and a five star rating is that they don't have taqueria sauce. If you are a connoisseur of tacos, you know what I mean.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,9/25/2013,95,133,1,3,2>I don't give many 5 star ratings on restaurants that I have gone to but, El Rayo Taqueria is one of those places that is pretty close.The wife an I were out and about to look around for some fresh lunch in the Portland area.  We stopped in at this little taco stand on the outskirts of Portland.My wife had originally had authentic mexican food while living out in San Diego, CA and this is the closest that we have found to being authentic mexican food yet.Aesthetically, the stand is a dive with about 5 tables with one long table on the inside of the restaurant and during the summertime it has about 15-20 picnic tables with yellow umbrellas for outside dining.The service was amazing where we were helped by many different servers and they were both attentive and friendly in describing some of the specials on the board and also answering questions from us about certain items.The kitchen is wide open with food flying around like crazy.  The one thing that my wife and I noticed about the kitchen was how clean it was ... the back of the stainless steel and even the lamps above the fryers and grill were spotless.  This is a sign of a kitchen that cares.As for the food .. all I can say is WOW.We started off with your basic corn tortilla chips and fresh salsa.  It tasted so fresh and delicious with the subtle hint of cilantro and freshly diced tomatoes.We then entered into our main courses.  My wife had a fresh and delicious carne asada with a side of black beans and rice that was fresh and delicious.I had the grilled fish taco that was amazing (Pescado Taco) made of achiote fish filet and had avocado and fresh slaw.  I also had the carnitas burrito that was HUGE and packed with black beans, pulled pork and caramelized onions and a ranchero sauce that gave it just enough kick.We then ended the meal with the most amazing part of the day.  We had the special Churros with a side of dipping chocolate sauce.  They were light and airy and they were fresh out of the fryer.  My wife and I were both completely silent when eating these morsels of heaven.  (This is really hard to do with us ;))All of this was less than 30 dollars for the two of us and was a great bargain.If you are looking for authentic mexican, then you need to dine here and enjoy the sunshine right on the waterfront with great service and great food!!!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,9/24/2013,11,10,,2,1>Great tasting Vegan pizza!   As good as I have ever had, including NYC.  Portions were plentiful.  Salads were firm and fresh.  A must for vegan an non-vegan pizza lovers.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,9/23/2013,19,15,4,11,8>The Sicilian slab is hands down the BEST pizza I've ever had (and I've had A LOT). I'll admit that I'm a fan of deeper dish pizza but there's just no other slice like this. Not in Chicago. Certainly not in New York. The crust is almost like focaccia it's so fluffy. Incredible olive oil, melty mozzarella, and perfectly sweet sauce (which is usually not my thing). I seriously DREAM about this pizza. Definitely a grab and go kind of place. There's basically no room to sit, the service isn't particularly friendly, and you'll probably run into a line at lunch. I would recommend calling and ordering a half sheet (four slabs) if you're with a group. This way you just come in, skip the line, grab your pizza, pay, and go! They do have an incredible selection of Italian goods. Pastas, sauces, tons of cheese, olives, reasonable olive oils, frozen goodies, a decent wine selection, and plenty of other treats that you can't find at most groceries. If you haven't experienced this pizza yet, YOU'RE MISSING OUT. BIG TIME.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,9/22/2013,11,9,,2,1>Last night I ventured out into the Old Port with one of my best friends in the whole world. He didn't know what he wanted, I didn't know what I wanted; we drove around looking for a parking spot anywhere we could find one. Well, in good Old Port expectations, none were to be found. So, we drove out towards India Street. And boy, am I glad we did!!  Benkay has been suggested and recommended to me several times and I was very excited to go for dinner. The restaurant was clean, had a really comfortable ambiance and I loved the seating!! It added an authenticity to the space that worked to its full advantage. I really loved how they give you fresh, hot towels when you first sit down so you can wash and refresh your hands before you start dinner.Our server, Donna, was without a doubt one of my favorite servers I've ever experienced at a restaurant. She had wonderful energy, knew when to check in on us, and gave honest opinions to our questions. Also, she was very knowledgable about the menu, as I had several questions about what items were what. We thoroughly enjoyed several different sushi and maki rolls. We had the Sweet Potato Tempura Maki Roll, Benkay Roll, Spicy Crunchy Crab Roll, Veggie Tempura Roll and the California-crab Roll. We ate every little bit and wished we had room for more! I would absolutely suggest Benkay to anyone who wants delicious sushi/sashimi, great service and a lovely ambiance. Thanks for a great experience- I will be back!!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,9/21/2013,15,31,5,5,6>After a long Sunday snowboarding at Payson Park (and trudging up that hill a dozen times in 2 feet of fresh snow) I had built up a very specific appetite, so I headed to Silly's to get a milkshake to go on my way home. After being directed to the new Silly's with a Twist bar, I ordered a What's Shakin Bacon milkshake, with a banana added to it for no extra charge :-) That's bacon, peanut butter and banana in a milkshake. After tip it was valued at $8 and worth every penny.This particular milkshake decided to release its flavor in stages. I received it originally garnished with sprigs of crispy bacon poking out the top. I slurped around the rim until I could shove them down the cup, lid it, and be on my way. Have you ever wrestled with a thick milkshake and a narrow straw? That was the first stage. It could have really benefited from a wider beefier straw for that instant milkshake gratification. Chunks of real banana and bacon bits clogged up the straw, so the first few sips were all PB flavored. Once it all started to melt and become less viscous, the other flavors joined the party up through the straw. The chunks of crispy bacon and strands of banana were a nice surprise in a creamy PB shake. At the end, I was left with a full portion of bacon that had been marinating in milkshake for 20 minutes. I ate it with a fork, still happy about the crispiness that remained despite the milky coating.a very memorable milkshake.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,9/20/2013,439,349,,3,3>Not too shabby! While it isn't your big city megaplex with reclining seats and hot fresh food coming out all the time, how can you say no to $5 Tuesdays?? Easy answer, you can't!With the $5 or so that I save compared to most other theaters, I can do the following:- contribute to my nonexistent savings account- buy a large popcorn all for myself, and season with the complementary seasonings- go next door and get a bubble milk tea from BubbleMaineia (sp?)While you're not supposed to bring giant meals in, the wonderful ticket sales people that I have run into have always been nice about letting me finish my drink inside. Two thumbs up!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,9/19/2013,15,150,,3,2>We went to Fuji for my boyfriend's birthday (they were totally cool with us bringing a cake) and went specifically for the hibachi. I had a vague idea of hibachi antics but didn't realize how fun it would be. We went with rice and noodles, the shrimp appetizer was tasty. the two guys in the party got steak, I got a mixed seafood, and another member of the party got chicken. We all sampled bits of each other's food (I did not share parts of my lobster tail, I'm greedy)  and it was all so delicious. Steaks were cooked perfectly, seafood was perfect and not over cooked, chicken was moist and flavorful. The whole experience was wonderful, and our waitress was very accommodating in getting forks for the non chopstick users and then later for the cake (although she wouldn't sing, boo). I can not wait to be able to go again!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/18/2013,8,22,,6,3>We were married at the Inn On Peaks in October 2012, and we cannot say enough good things about this place as a wedding venue. If we could give them six stars, we would.Amanda and Jayson, the event staff at the inn, are awesome: They're organized, professional, and attentive. They were so easy to work with, and brought a great balance of experience and flexibility. The Inn does a lot of weddings, so they know what works and doesn't. They will offer many different options for setup, food, schedules, logistics, etc. If you're smart, you should take their advice, because they know what they are talking about....but no matter what you decide, they'll do their best to deliver what you want.Between their experience and our clear vision for what we wanted, we were able to put together the perfect event that was executed flawlessly.On wedding day, they were wiling to set up all of our decor...for no additional fee. All we had to do was set up an example table, and fill out a lighting plan template (which they gave us in advance), and they took care of the rest.We had the lobster feast as our meal, and everything was so delicious...much better than standard issue lame banquet food. About half of our guests were native New Englanders who know their way around seafood...and even they were raving about the quality of the food. The lobster was so sweet, the chowder thick and delicious, and the mussels buttery and garlicy. The prices are extremely reasonable compared to other venues and what you get for your money. It wasn't cheap, but they do not gouge you the way many vendors in the wedding industrial complex do. The facility rental fee includes a tent, basic linens, tables, chairs, flatware, etc. So many places nickel and dime you for all of those things, but they don't. If you want to bring in custom linens or special tables, you have to pay for that yourself...but we were perfectly happy with the white linens they provided.Though we live in Maine now, at the time of our wedding, we were living in Kansas City. Even from 1,500 miles away, planning our wedding and working with them was so easy.The top floor of the Inn has an apartment suite that can sleep 12(ish) people. We had a small wedding party, so we were able to have all of our attendants and their significant others stay in the suite with us. That was a special treat, because we all live in different parts of the country and don't get to see each other very often.  There's also a spa area attached to the apartment, which they will open and allow you hair and makeup people to set up in. The apartment costs extra to rent, but was well worth it.We are so thankful to have discovered The Inn On Peaks and grateful to the wonderful staff who made our special day absolutely stress-free and perfect.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,12/18/2013,98,279,,3,3>Maine Beer Company has opened its taproom! They've got many of their beers on tap with a new one coming out this week. I suggest a flight (or two so you can try them all). Four 5oz pours for $10. Say "hi" to little Zoe if she's there washing the glasses. Great view down on to the brewery floor, too!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,12/17/2013,209,1125,,5,3>I've been to Traditions a few times and I like it.  They serve basic Italian food which isn't necessarily fancy or creative, but it tastes good, the price is right, and you won't be hungry when you leave.  What's on the menu?  All the usual dishes.  Here's a cheat sheet:Step 1:  Pick a protein: Chicken, Shrimp, Seafood, Veal, EggplantStep 2:  Do something to it:  Parmigiana, Marsala, Limone, ScampiStep 3:  Pick a pasta:  Ziti, Angel Hair, LinguiniStep 4:  Now that you've decided, they'll tell you what the specials are :)Predictable, honest, dependable, consistent food with good service is what you're going to get.  I would have loved to see some stuffed shells or manicotti, or maybe an Osso Bucco special, but they've got a formula that works and they're treating the Saco/Biddeford area to it.But be warned, this place gets crowded.  It's small and you don't want just drop in on a Friday or Saturday night without a reservation.  Having said that, the crowd is generally an older one and they eat early.  There's also a full bar and it's likely to be just as crowded as the restaurant.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,12/16/2013,10,6,,2,1>The atmosphere was very nice. My Wife and I were seated in the bar as we didn't want to wait for the other section. The reason for the dinner was it was my wife's birthday and I wanted to take her somewhere we haven't been before and I know she likes Italian so it was a win-win. Overall the food was slightly okay at best and the wait was pretty bad, however I really just wanted to enjoy the conversation with my date for the evening so I was okay with it during the moment. The food was hot and wasn't warmed over and late to be served to us.  The only bad thing I will say is that for the price it was pretty simple of an entree. I ordered the veal Simbitacco I believe. Pretty much veal in a sweet sauce with prosciutto smothered in cheese. I also ordered it with penne pasta and a house salad. The salad was very tasty, however I was very disappointed in the penne pasta, I was sort of expecting a homemade pasta for the  price, not some store bought pasta that was lightly covered in the sauce from the rest of my meal. Overall it was a simple meal. Not to say it wasn't a tasty meal, just not what I was expecting for the price. During our experience the drinks were more than strong enough to keep us talking through the night as each of our drinks were STRONG! I really appreciate the strength of the drinks as for the price I felt I was getting my money's worth per sip. Lastly the dessert was very decadent. They came out to show what they had to offer instead of showing you a description and hoping you'll like it. My wife and shared the raspberry cheesecake (my ultimate weakness!!) from the first bite I was everything but disappointed with my dessert. Full of richness and big enough for me to share and enjoy still. The bill was about what I expected for the evening. I can't complain one bit about the atmosphere and if you are bringing a special someone out for a date or just want to enjoy a nice Italian meal then please stop in, I'm sure they will get faster as they get more business. I hope they next time we are more patient to wait for the actual "dinning" area so that we can get that experience. Pros- warm atmosphere - strong drinks- great foodCons - wait time - price of meals (simple entrees I felt)
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,12/15/2013,31,12,,3,2>Incredibly authentic. I have eaten here more times than I can remember and have never left disappointed, which says a lot because I have high standards for asian food. There is so much interesting food to choose from and a person who has grown up eating this food in another country is likely to say it's spot on. The seafood dishes are great, including the best Pad Thai in the area. It's that nice sweet and nutty flavor and it's just right, it really hits the spot. However if I could recommend one thing, it would be the ginger crispy duck. It's not the cheapest thing on the menu, but the old saying rings true with Thai Orchid- You always get what you pay for. I saw last time I was in that they have Pho on the menu, which is vietnamese and not strictly Thai, so I'm very interested in trying their version of it because it may be hands down my favorite and arguably the best asian dish.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,12/14/2013,3,9,,3,2>Definitely glad I found this place! I walked in and wasn't quite sure what I wanted to do with my hair... My stylist, Megan P., talked me through the different things I was considering and answered a ton of my questions. She really listened to everything I said and we came up with something that fits my overall personality. This style is just what I wanted -- long, flattering, low-maintenance... I left the salon really feeling like a more polished version of myself. I can't emphasize just how important this is to me. Aside from one stylist back in San Diego, I've always left a salon feeling like, "How on earth did they get my hair to look like this? I suck at hair, I will never be able to recreate this..." Before Megan dried my hair she asked me what I wanted her to do with it, and I pretty much said, "I dunno, I'm just gonna go fax some stuff then go home. It doesn't have to be fancy." She styled my hair in a very basic minimal-effort 'do (everyday wear type look), and I'm SO glad she did this, because it made me feel really confident. It's something even I can recreate at home, and I think it looks great :)  I will definitely go back when it's time for a trim, and would absolutely recommend anyone to go see her. Thanks, Megan!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,12/13/2013,10,13,,4,3>We became addicted to Yummy house the first time we moved to Shapleigh and tried it 7 years ago. Portion sizes are generous, the people there are extremely friendly and work very hard to get orders done on time even when they are overloaded with orders. We love the Pu-Pu platter, they have the best-tasting crab rangoons we've had (and we're very picky), and their lo-mein and fried rice is always loaded with the good stuff.The single drawback is that the dining area leaves room to be desired - but we don't go there to dine - it's primarily a take-out place, and money is clearly spent on the quality of the food over the quality of the ambience. Fair tradeoff. If you want the best Chinese takeout in Southern Maine (possible all of Maine) - this is the place to pick up your order.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,12/12/2013,5,8,,5,2>Wow, one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to, in Sanford Maine??? Yes! The portions are huge, the drinks strong, and the food, oh the food is oh so tasty. The General Tso's and Sesame Chicken have big white meat chunks with no unpleasant gristle, and perfectly crispy batter. The Kung Pao Chicken had fork tender slices. And my favorite item is the Tangerine Crispy Beef. Americanized Chinese? Yes. Amazing flavor? YES. I love this restaurant.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,12/11/2013,0,7,,3,4>Definitely not a place you'd expect to find in Waterville.  They have a wide selection of teas, from maté to boba, a cup of which is about $3.50 and is served in an infuser with a cute three-part hourglass- counting down the brewing time for light, medium, or darkly brewed tea.  Their coffee (especially the cappuccino) is the best in town, and their mini desserts are perfect- they often run deals and coupons for free desserts.  They have great lunch options (think turkey-brie-cranberry panini and salad) but the portions are too large to eat in one sitting.  Definitely a great place to spend a day studying, as their free internet is faster than any you could find on the Colby College Campus.  Although the food and drinks can be slightly pricey, the quality is supreme and they have great gifts- from matcha whisks to super cute mugs- and you could not find a better place to spend a rainy afternoon with work to do.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,12/10/2013,1,9,,1,1>Appearance- Nice restaurant situated in a plaza, easy to locate. Walking in is beautiful, very clean and neat. 5 stars.Service- The staff here is exceptional. Always so welcoming, usually the owner is right out front greeting you, as well as the servers. Food comes fast and hot. Great with checking in (not too much, not too little), great with keeping up with refills, clearing used dishes, etc. 5 stars. Food- It is to die for. Delicious. I can't rant and rave about this place enough. So good! Sesame chicken plate is my favorite, and their chicken velvet soup is so good! You get your moneys worth here and then some. I really enjoy the all day special menu, the amount of food you get for the price is unbeatable. Take Out- I have also ordered from them for take out. All I have to say is 5 stars. Everything you get if you were to sit down, you get with the take out, including the won-ton noodles for snacking, and soups.Overall 5 stars. Great place to go for a great meal!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,12/9/2013,26,121,,2,2>Let it be known that I HATE sandwiches. Very un-American of me, I know. BUT this place makes the fresh and they have veggie options and that is what drove me in to visit this place for the first time last Thursday. Went at 12:30 and it was pretty busy. There were no open tables so we hung around for a few minutes looking at the menu until one opened. Unique selection and they let you sub things out if you want however I think they really should offer more veggie options. They did have a temph special but I was too weary to try that.You order and pay at the window, give them your name, and they will call it our or bring it to you. I ended up with the Lennon (pretty sure that was it) and subbed out the Jack for Mozz cheese and had it on the foccica (spelling I know) bread. I didnt see that chibatta bread (spelling I know) until after I ordered and I would have like to try that.The bread was a tad dry (hence docking one star plus waiting for a seat) but the inside of it was delicious. It had a lot of flavor and it wasnt piled on and too hard to eat like some places. This was manageable and the right portion size. They have soup but only one kind a day. Sell bread by the loaf as well. Decor is very plain and since seating is limited you feel very rushed to eat and get out if there are people waiting to place their order in line. I will go back and try it again but they really should get more creative with their veggie options.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/20/2014,70,177,3,8,6>I love local bookstores. As an indie publisher, the locals have always held a special place for me, since I schlepped my first book around the state back in 2005. Unfortunately, many of them are no longer with us (Bookland, Mr. Paperback, even the national Border's chain).Buying local matters on so many levels including keeping money circulating in the local economy and benefiting other local businesses. Choosing a locally owned store generates almost four times as much economic benefit for the surrounding region as shopping at a chain, so says a study commissioned for the American Booksellers Association (an association of indie booksellers that Letterpress belongs to). The analysis also found that eating at a local restaurant produces more than twice the local economic impact of dining at a chain restaurant, btw.On the bookstore front, Portland has been at least a store short for awhile. In fact, the Northgate Plaza, on outer Washington St. hasn't had a bookstore at this location since Bookland shut down in 2002.My wife mentioned there being a book store in Northgate, but I wasn't expecting much. In fact, I said, "a used book store?" She said, "no, a new book store; it's really cute."Cute it was/is and very well-stocked for a smaller store.I was thrilled to see a nice local book selection and I grabbed Josh Christie's terrifc book about Maine Beer, my new area of interest.Owner/Manager, Katherine Osborne was in the store when I visited and I was impressed by her friendliness and with the nice vibe that the store has. They even have a local book club that was gathering and walking next door to talk books over coffee.I was pleased to learn that Osborne and Letterpress will work with local authors in selling their books.Definitely take a drive out to Northgate soon, pick up a book you've been looking for, or one of their recommended titles. The local economy will thank you.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,6/19/2014,14,14,1,5,4>About about our tenth visit here, this place remains awesome - if you love pasta. That's their gig - fresh, authentic pasta, served in a creative but unpretentious style. Nice wine list, reasonably priced (no hard liquor), great apps (primarily salamis and cheeses), the menu changes very little, but the quality is superb. Small, somewhat tight, a bit noisy, and sometimes hard to get reservations, but worth it! Their Bolognese sauce is some of the best I've ever had, and if the Porcini-stuffed ravioli in butter is offered, get it! Desserts are good, but we usually walk down the street for gelato. Everything is reasonably priced, and it remains a favorite go-to destination - as long as there's a table available!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/18/2014,12,49,3,5,3>I am only giving 5 stars, because, unfortunately is all that is allowed. Coffee Hound opened last year, I didn't really give it another look, because I have my routine when I visit Bar Harbor. The place I normally get coffee was closed one Sunday morning. Welp, so much for my daily routine. I walked a couple blocks to CH. Door was open, I walked in. Right off the bat, there was an energy about this hole in the wall coffee shop. Music playing, gallery art hanging on the walls, big windows to let the light in, and smiling, happy faces behind the counter. The coffee menu is written in chalk on one of the walls. Lattes, mochas, espresso, coffee (iced/hot), etc... I am a sucker for mocha. I ordered an Acadian Turtle Mocha. I talked a bit with Jennifer (owner). She is clearly passionate about what she does. I can get behind that. I sat at the bar window with my lady who was enjoying a Rocky Road Mocha. Hands down, the best mocha that has ever crossed my lips. I spent the day hiking, only to return later that afternoon to quench my thirst with a freshly squeezed... Yes, let me repeat that... FRESHLY SQUEEZED lemonade. Hit the spot.Did I return the following day? Is a frogs ass watertight? Do one-legged ducks swim in circles? Does Dolly Parton sleep on her back? Of course I did! Sunrise (light) Roast coffee to get me started. On this day, I also met Mr. Keegan (owner). Awesome guy. Happy, talkative, informative. Back to the Sunrise Roast... I thought before that I had tasted great coffee. The coffee at CH makes everything else taste like you are drinking water out of a buffalo's butthole. Now, I have no idea what that tastes like... But, I can guess. The next day, I had their medium roast (which has espresso in it), and it was even better! I'm pretty sure I got to the summit of Dorr Mountain in record time. I think by the 3rd day, we were getting the locals discount. Over the next several days CH kept us well caffeinated. Every day, we left with smiles on our face, and found ourselves laughing at something Chris had said. Their website, barharborcoffeehound.com, says that they treat you like a local when you are on vacation... They treat you like family. You can find their menu here: barharborcoffeehound.comNot only coffee, but lobster rolls, cookies, bagels (Thanks for the bagels, Chris), muffins, etc...Coffee Hound has earned my business, now, and forever. Stop by when you are in town. Grab a coffee, grab a chair, sit, relax and have Chris tell you a story or 72. :)Chris and Jennifer, thank you for having such an amazing shop. You guys rock. Keep up the good work, and we hope to see you again real soon.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2014,6/17/2014,4,32,1,8,4>Located right on Rt. 103, we stopped here on the way to see music in Hampton Beach . We sat at the brightly and festive colored picnic tables overlooking the water and Wood Island lighthouse. It was a beautiful day and the location was perfect. We had a wonderful, friendly and cute waitress who was so nice and helpful. We split an order of steamers and whole belly fried clams and they were delicious. I would have liked some cole slaw with my entrees though. The fries that came with the meal were average. The major down side was pre-measured drinks. They did not even have a bartender. I had a weak vodka cranberry. Now that was a disappointment. We met the new owner who is from New Orleans. He's changing the name to the Cajun Lobster. He is a totally nice guy, from NOLA, very friendly, enthusiastic, excited for the change, experienced, accessible, open to feedback. Those are perks in my book. He is getting a real bartender to pour real drinks. He is amending the menu and adding BBQ and other New Orleans style dishes like Jambalaya while still keeping the seafood portion of the menu. The name will change in mid-June and will implement the menu changes and slowly renovate the inside. He will be adding live music as well.I think this place was suffering from being old and stale. With the new owner, this place is going to rock. It will be an awesome place for a group of folks to enjoy a casual evening in a friendly and beautiful outdoor summer setting.P.S.  Until this business changes over to the Cajun Lobster, you may want to wait.  While the food was good, the portions were pretty small compared to the price. The serving of steamers that we had turned out to be about $1.50/a piece.  That is pretty pricey if you ask me.  We will see when the change happens.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,6/16/2014,10,18,1,6,3>Went to Caiola's for the first time a few nights ago and we were wowed - they pay attention to all the details. The menu was varied, interesting, and even though they were out of my first choice, I was thrilled with the house Mac and cheese I ordered instead. As other reviewers have said, the house made canneloni is outstanding as well - and the marinated beet appetizer with whipped drunken goat cheese was delicious. From first bite to last, a fantastic dining experience. We'll be back for more special occasion meals!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,6/15/2014,4,4,1,5,3>Loved it! First time there, walked right in at opening time and they took me right away. Had my eyebrows waxed which included a lovely face, neck and shoulder massage. Had my nails filled and the same woman did both. Very friendly, and took her time to make sure I had a good experience, and you could tell it was important to do a good job and make sure the customer is happy. Will definitely go back!!! Only downfall is a bit cluttered and floors needed a good sweep & mop, but that's nothing compared to the great service!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/14/2014,46,78,2,4,4>Rock 'n' Roll Sushi.Friday & Saturday nights roll around, and I try to make sure I'm close to Congress Street to make it over here for late night sushi deals and delightfully large (if not all that strong) mai tais for two. For a while, weekend nights weren't all that crowded, but on recent visits it seems like people have finally caught on. 80's/90's tunes, lots of flashing lights, and $3 sushi.. I'm only surprised it didn't happen sooner.Still worth a visit to ensure you don't head home with an empty stomach on those later nights out. The bar in the window is perfect for people watching during dinner, and the service is top notch (even when they seem to have way more people in here than they can handle).I'm not a super adventurous sushi eater - I normally stick to veggie rolls, cooked seafood, or tuna - and I would absolutely rather pay $3 for a shitake roll than go elsewhere and pay twice as much because, when it comes down to it, veggie sushi is kind of hard to mess up. That being said, I've had some pretty decent rolls here and will definitely explore the menu further in the future.They do late night take-out, too. If you'd rather take your sushi home and eat it in bed. (1AM on a big night out, don't tell me this isn't how you want to end it..)
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,6/13/2014,139,60,1,7,4>My lady and I came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. I love dim sum and if anyone asks just tell them it's Chinese small plates. As we usually do we split a bunch of stuff and dim sum is great for that.We had the following in order:Hot Sour Soup (on special) - It was everything a hot sour soup lover would want especially on a cold and blistery day which it was. It was the kind of soup that made your nose water and was so hot it burned your tongue but so good you keep eating it anyway. I only wish it was served with some fried wontons as I love the added crunch they give soup.Peking Duck Buns - I love hoisin sauce and duck steamed buns and these were great. My girlfriend wasn't too thrilled with the soft texture of the buns but for those who are used to steam buns they're good.Empire Eggroll - Essentially the flavors of a Pastrami Ruben sandwich with a mustard dipping sauce. Loved it.Pork Dumplings - The lowlight of the meal. The wonton wrappers were so over steamed and mushy that I couldn't even pull them out of the box without them completely falling apart. The pork inside was tasty but this experience definitely reminded me why I prefer pan fried dumplings.Bacon Fried Rice - Yep, that's right, bacon has even found its way into fried rice and it was baconlicious. The bacon adds a smoky salty flavor to fried rice that I had never had before and loved it. The grilled corn it in had added a nice sweet touch that really brought the dish together. There was some bacon fat that could have been crisped a bit more but it was tasty either way.All in all a solid meal and worth what we paid for. Some people have complained about the service but our waitress was fine. Although it was a quiet Sunday afternoon in there so take it for what it is.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,6/12/2014,52,100,4,9,4>Wow!Wow!Really! In the past this space was bright, but somewhat  resembled an actual diner. Now it is all warm wood, candlight,and shadow. Very comfortable and intimate.The  menu is made up of artfully presented small plates plus numerous specials. Start with a couple or order them all. The individual dishes are very affordable and you really cant go wrong choosing any of them. For me, the highlights were the house cured octopus salad tender salty sweet and the deviled eggs with Umi and wasabi flavored roe. Yummy ocean goodness. We sampled much of the menu and dish after dish exceeded expectations. As a bonus they have an excellent selection of sake ( by the bottle,glass or carafe). As a side note the bartender/host did an exceptional job of making everyone feel welcome and helping to  guide us through the menu.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,6/11/2014,34,29,1,6,3>Those days where you feel like you deserve ice cream - when you feel like you have flipping earned it - either for an accomplishment or everything just hit the fan: you owe it to yourself to go to Catbird. This is the best ice cream in Maine. And Maine loves its frozen treats. (Can you go more than 10 miles without driving past an ice cream place here?) The flavors are inventive and wonderful. The sundae toppings are amazing - the blueberry lemon sauce was a favorite of mine. They change the flavors based on what is alive and the best in the season. The cookies for the cookie sandwiches can make me swoon a little. My trick with the cookie sandwiches if you can't decide what flavors to get - they will do it half and half! I love this place and appreciate where it is in Westbrook instead of nestling itself in downtown Portland where it is not easy to get to for some people. I almost appreciate it a little more for "daring" to be in Westbrook.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,9/18/2014,96,87,7,4,4>I first tried the Brew Bus with their Beast of the Yeast Tour at an official Yelp event (which I wasn't allowed to review). So a second tour was in order, and Norhern Exposure fit the bill.To answer the most important question right away: yes you will be fairly drunk after.Ok, moving on. If you're a tourist (as the rest of the bus, and probably most of their clientele are) this is a fantastic activity and easily worth the $65. Don runs the show and is perfect. Funny, witty, and informative, you couldn't ask for a better host. This particular trip takes you to Baxter in Lewiston, Ebenezer's in Brunswick and Maine Beer Company in Freeport. You're given a tour of the brewery by employees, an explanation about the history and future plans of their beer, and samples (about 5 ounces each) of many of the beers. At Baxter, they let us try a new Fall beer that hasn't even been released yet. Lunch is served at the second stop. Since the tour was running long, it took until 3 pm to get food. So bring snacks. The half sandwich, soup and salad at Ebenezer's was delicious and everyone seemed happy.Maybe it was the booze kicking in, but the sample sizes appeared bigger at each stop. By the time we reached Maine Beer Company, they basically were giving us full beers. I would plan on a lengthy dinner after to sober up.I think the tour is worthy for locals as well. I learned about my favorite Maine breweries and how beer is made. The trivia games on the bus were a blast, and it was an opportunity to try many different beers and see their birthplace. This tour especially is unique because no one is driving to Lewiston, Brunswick and Freeport in a day on their own to drink beer.The only real negative was Don spent the entire 45 minute drive to Lewiston interviewing quite possibly the least charasmatic beer blogger in the country, who was on our tour. It was brutal. Things improved quickly afterwards. I'd highly recommend the Brew Bus.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,9/17/2014,71,96,3,8,5>Do you know what a Scotch Egg is? Take an egg and soft boil it so the yolk is just beginning to congeal, wrap it in sausage and panko breading and then deep fry it. Sounds like a food that one could only find in Heaven? Seems like a kind of ambrosia for the gods? Fit for the gods, yes, but you don't have to climb Mt. Olympus to find it, you need only go to the King's Head on Merrill's Wharf, just off Commercial Street. Granted, wading through all the tourists on Commercial may feel like a Herculean task. A little difficult to find, tucked into the side of the Pierce Atwood building, the King's Head does it's best to look and feel like a British pub. With dark, weathered wood, brick walls, and intimate little nooks for private conversation, the decor is comfortable and lovely. We sat at the large bar on cushy bar stools to have our bangers and mash, bubble and squeak, pot pies and mussels. They have what seems like a tremendous number of British beers on tap and the food was piping hot and delicious. As a bonus, our bartender/waitress was friendly and attentive.The King's Head seemed to still be feeling out its footing. While we were there, a number of groups came in for a drink, watched the World Cup on the enormous television, and then headed out again for their next destination. There were moments when the place was empty except for us and I wondered if it was the location that was to blame. It's at the quieter end of Commercial and not immediately visible from the street so it may not be readily apparent to tourists stumbling around the Old Port. Maybe that's the perfect thing, though. With the feel of a neighborhood pub and with such fantastic food, it's a great place to just hang out with friends and get a bite.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,9/16/2014,2,5,4,4,4>Wow!  Central Provisions is as good as it gets.  My husband and I have been there several times now, both for dinner and brunch, and we have yet to be disappointed.  Cool, hip vibe, great drinks, and delicious food, all in the heart of Portland--what more could a food and booze lover ask for?!  The only problem is that now I don't want to go to any other restaurant in town.  It's that good. One tip:  order just a few plates at a time.  Otherwise, you'll be overwhelmed by the rapid fire rate at which the food comes.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,9/15/2014,3,18,1,1,2>I'm really a fan. Very Maine, very good! Blueberry Chicken Sausage, Bacon Baked Beans and an Allagash Porter. Do I really need to say more? Also, I had some amazing peach beer that wasn't too sweet and the Pig is the only place I can find it. The atmosphere here is always chill and friendly; very pub-style and down-home. On top of all that, they have one of the best outdoor seating areas in the Old Port - a hot commodity here! Pair that with some fair service and a few friends and you've got a winner! The menu is full of smaller items, mostly things like sausages and kielbasa, but  sides like Baked Beans (a Maine tradition) and other things (that I can't remember now because I always get the baked beans) and low prices on the menu translate to "worth it"!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,9/14/2014,9,12,2,3,4>Elsmere is quickly becoming a favorite go-to spot for my boyfriend and me. This is primarily because of two things: ease and charm, neither of which have anything to do with food.I say 'ease' because we sit, order, and within ten-fifteen minutes (even on a slamming Saturday night), we have our platter of food in front of us. 'Ease' because a three-meat Mama's plate is the very most perfect portion for my boyfriend and me to share. Particularly, 'ease' because the attitude around the restaurant is just that...even in the kitchen, where the cooks are hurriedly working their tails off, they do so with a sense of ease.I know they are at ease because they talk to us...which brings me to charm. I love sitting at a chef's bar, anywhere I go, but I particularly love it at Elsmere. The cooks are open and receptive to conversation, questions, etc. I have many questions. They are willing to give an extra pickle or two, or even a meat sample. All I have to do is ask. They don't deter questions; they invite them. I hate to sound cheesy, but I kind of feel like part of a family. The food at Elsmere is good. It's possible that the sausage is the best thing they do. I've tried all of the meats and none are disappointing. Brisket is my favorite barbecued meat, and I do wish Elsmere's was more fatty, but I understand that many people are turned off by copious amount of fat hanging from their food. I'm not. I think that I'll request fatty brisket next time and see what happens. The only sides I've tried are the collards and macaroni and cheese, and that's because I'm super loyal to these sides. The collards are simple, and the macaroni and cheese is complex. I wouldn't want it any other way. I look forward to visiting Elsmere more and becoming a regular. I've been very happy with my two visits so far. I anticipate that I will remain happy, and hope that others experience and appreciate the ease and charm as much as me.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,9/13/2014,38,37,,3,4>These walks are great for the whole family, even the long trails have minimal inclines ... Loads of great Ocean view shots. There are also spots to picnic and to swim, Can get pretty busy, especially on the weekends and holidays (duh !! )
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/12/2014,26,54,4,5,6>J's is anything but pretentious or trendy. Love it.As the Old Port becomes more and more of a tourist attraction with people looking for hip seafood places, I appreciate that walking into J's, you know you are surrounded by locals that have been coming to an un-changed fisherman bar for years. Right on the wharf, with the casco harbor beneath the unattractive building, almost invisible from Commerical street. Yes, it smells... like stale beer and seafood. Wine options are "red, white, or pink." Awesome. Good tap selection and cheap, strong liquor drinks. Highly recommend the bloody mary (especially with Oysters). At the bar you can find a doctor, a lawyer, a lobster-man, and a convict. There is no ass-kissing; just genuinely friendly, no-bullshit bartenders and staff. I love being able to talk to everyone at the bar, and genuinely having good conversation. I have never had a bad meal at J's... the lobster stew is amazing. If you feel like lobster but not picking it all apart, especially in the winter- GET THIS! There is no deep-fryer, just fresh seafood.Oysters are delicious and fresh and during customer appreciation month (February?) they give you two free oysters every 15 minutes during happy hour. What a deal!Would be hard to bring a group of people here, as space is limited. Outdoor seating is available during warmer months.If you want a real Portland, Maine experience, I recommend J's..
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/11/2014,10,8,4,5,8>I am convinced that anyone who writes a bad review for Little Bigs either woke up on the wrong side of the bed or is just a grouch. Little Bigs is an establishment for the anti-grouch. Anyway, who can be grouchy eating a donut or a hand pie? In all fairness, I love donuts-all donuts. Including nana plain. Little Bigs donuts take donut inhaling to a whole new level. They are airy, sweet, tangy and delicious. The lemon curd is heavenly. The Bismarck is pillowy and has just the right amount of sweet. And the hand pies have flaky, buttery crust and the fillings are unique and incredibly flavorful.Moral of this story? Go to Little Bigs, go often (hungry) and leave the grouches at home. Or stuff a donut in their pie hole and keep their fingers away from reviewing. Because honestly, it's not about the donuts for those people, is it?
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,9/10/2014,17,46,2,1,2>Nothing like fueling up for some good leaf peepin' at Bob's! Lobsta stew and fish 'n chips will treat you right. For the best lobstah roll and fried clams (two ways) in Maine, this is the place to go. I always keep trying new places that disappoint, so always end up back at Bob's. The service is always great, but the food is always amazing - I have probably eaten there 30 times and never had a bad meal. If you're wanting classic Maine fare - you can't pass this up. I've even survived the Kittery xmas shopping crowds for a Bob's fix...trust me, it's worth it. And for you lobster roll fanatics out there...I dare you to find a better roll between Boston and Bar Harbor!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/9/2014,5,16,,3,3>Authentic Italian gelato served by an authentic Italian. The flavors were diverse and delicious. My girlfriend and I would be happy to eat there anytime. I have been to Italy and it's hard to find gelato that compares to that. This place had the same flavor and atmosphere that I loved in Italy. Anyone who has the chance should go.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,5/21/2014,104,40,,4,5>Lovely place!I do not sew, knit, or crochet but come from a family of crafty ladies. So I wanted to find some yarn & perhaps a few little other items for my talented mother. She always seems quite thrilled at new fabric or yarn. The lady working was so helpful to me. She advised me on how much yarn to purchase for what I know my mother likes to work on. As well as showed me some other items that would make fantastic gifts for my mother's sewing addiction. I left there knowing I had done well on gift shopping for mom.A wonderful place!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,5/20/2014,294,210,,4,5>Can you guess the first instant thought that came into my head as I entered this brick building? The wonderful smell of freshly made bread. I will have to go back to taste their pastries and loaves (will give an update!). MY ORDER: - Breakfast sandwiches (english muffin + egg + ham + cheese). Pretty good and filling.PROS: - Free samples- Paper recycling (clean and unused only)- Small coffee & station. Water cups are available. - Community bulletin board available for those that need to spread the word!- Newspapers for your daily dose of news- Good prices for good quality!- Plenty of tables & chairs- Good for families and hanging out with friendsCONS: - Parking is a little tough. 1 hour & 15 minute parking spots are available around the bakery but you can park by the neighborhoods surrounding the area and take a quick stroll down towards the bakery. - Confusing one way or two way streets. So if you're a first timer, you may not find it immediately.TIPS/OTHER: - Credit cards are accepted
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,5/19/2014,10,129,,4,1>Pedro Ohara's holds a special place in my heart because this was one of the first cool hangout's my old High School buddy's and  I had. One cold winter while trudging around the streets of Brunswick we happened upon this very warm and welcoming place! The food was very good and staff were exceptionally friendly. I would highly suggest checking this place out.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/18/2014,29,27,,7,2>We left happy and full! I have sat here debating whether or not to rate Shogun four or five stars, but ultimately the incredible service we experienced pushed me over.This is not the fanciest or swankiest Japanese steakhouse I have ever been to, it's not the biggest or the most expensive. It is a fairly normal, fly under the radar place. If you judged completely on appearance you would have probably did a u-turn in their driveway.  But we didn't.We were hungry, two cranky kids (16 months and 11 years), and decided we would take a chance. We were greeted by an older gentleman, who was so incredibly sweet and happy. Better word: Grateful. He was grateful that we had come in. Our server was quick and also very friendly with the children. Though her English wasn't the best- she took our order and in no time was bringing out soups and salads.Our Hibachi chef came, and verified our orders. 11 year old was getting kids meal steak, I ordered filet and hubby ordered the seafood combo (lobster tail shrimp and scallops). The little one was scared of he fancy knife works and the stranger in front of us, but the chef knew some magic tricks to keep her interested and entertained. The kids LOVED it. I wish I had gotten the chefs name, because he was one of the best I have seen!Our food was delicious and bountiful- you won't leave there hungry! Perfectly seasoned nothing burnt. I have been to lots of Hibachi and almost everywhere I wish to change some thing. This was so good! We were the only customers there on a midweek night in April, so maybe that was why the service was over the top great! We left a great tip and can't wait to go back someday!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/17/2014,77,62,,3,2>Enio's is the best Italian I've ever had. The handmade pasta is to die for. The interior is simple yet elegant with rough white washed boards and a long bar backed by an impressive assortment of wine. My wife had the seafood stew which was excellent and reminiscent of paella. For dessert we had affogato and a citrus cake topped with ice cream. Both were delicious. It is a small space so make a reservation.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,5/16/2014,5,36,,9,2>Tonight was my second visit to this cute little restaurant on Maine street. Tonight I ordered the seafood rice plate and my fiancée ordered the chicken pho. I tried to tell him that their portions were huge and a large would be bigger than his head. He ordered it anyways and let's just say the left overs will be my lunch tomorrow. Both of us enjoyed our meals. He used the word stellar to describe them. :) The sauce they used on my meal was heavenly and all the seafood was cook perfectly. The mussels must have been cook in some amazing seasoned water, I just couldn't get enough. The price was great too! Great meal, great price, great service!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/15/2014,289,6,,4,2>How can you not love this bookstore?  You can find a hidden gem in just about every section.  Especially books on Literary Criticism, Exploration, Poetry, Literature - just don't be afraid to come out of the store looking a bit like a mop.  Yes Books should be browsed with plenty of time on your hands, time disappears in the hidden alcoves, labyrinthine aisles, and tall shelves.  To do it like a bibliophile, grab a ladder when you walk in and climb, climb much like a child apple picking in the fall.  If you are in a rush, you may want to call in and have the books pulled ahead of your arrival as it takes time to find the book yourself.  The owner is as fantastic as he is helpful.  He's knowledgeable on authors and their bibliographies.Highly recommend - wish more book buying was done like this - these places are slowly disappearing.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,5/14/2014,21,10,,5,5>For years I've avoided Mexican restaurants, thanks to an onion allergy. Nearly everything is made with the delicious vegetable that causes me a world of pain. At the assurance of my good friend that I could find something on Taco Escobarr's menu that met my dietary restrictions, I decided to give the restaurant a try. Not only was our waitress welcoming, friendly, and adorable, but she was more than understanding about my food allergy. Both she and the chef went above and beyond accommodating me (without leaving me feeling as though I had inconvenienced them). I love guacamole and theirs was (understandably, yet unfortunately) made with onion. I had decided to just go with another appetizer when our waitress returned with a bowl of onion-free guac the chef had made for me! I loved the relaxed atmosphere, and the food tasted amazing. I can not only have Mexican again, but I can have AMAZINGLY great Mexican for very reasonable prices.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/13/2014,10,39,,8,7>My fiance and I have had food from Hella Good Taco Stand on several occasions prior to visiting Steve & Renee's. I can say that Portland suffers greatly in terms of having "real" authentic Mexican food. I've probably eaten at every Mexican restaurant in town and either disliked the food or never went back. One thing I've always liked about Hella Good is that he's a real, genuine guy. Every time you see him he genuinely enjoys what he's doing and you can taste that in his food. When my fiance and I heard his food would be at one of the local diners, we were ecstatic! Last week we took an hour off from work just to drive to Steve & Renee's and eat his food. It seems that since our last two visits there, many of the "regulars" are also starting to try his food. Many of the customers around us chose his food over the regular fair. Granted, he won't completely ditch the old menu but jazz the place up which it seriously needs. Before going here last week, I'd never even been to Steve & Renee's. Now that the Hella Good guy will be there though, we are definitely planning on going more.Now in terms of the food, I really have no complaints. One of the waitresses even informed us that they will be adding a different variety of breakfast burritos. Unfortunately, all they have now is one with "chorizo". Personally I don't particularly like chorizo but if you do, hey you may like it! What I've been ordering is this dish which is scrambled eggs, tortilla slices, Mexican cheese, and either "crema" or green chili sauce. Really, you can't go wrong! Thankfully the new owners are giving this place a little TLC which it really needs and will make it look a thousand times better. This is definitely our new go-to place and I can't wait to go back!!*Update as of May 1st, 2014:Wanted to add that I also found out from one of the waitresses that they will be serving "burritos to-go" very soon! Literally drive up, grab a burrito and go! Can't wait!!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,5/12/2014,98,279,4,6,7>I find myself visiting nearly every Sunday morning. I am always delighted by the smell of fresh donutty goodness tickling my nostrils, and the sight of the shiny bakers rack bursting with levels of yeast and cake donuts, pretzels, mini pies, and sometimes cookies. Like a little kid, I have trouble choosing just one and have to remind myself that a lady of my age should not be jumping up and down with excitement, impatient for my turn at the counter. Its hard to contain my eagerness as I wait in line, crossing my fingers, praying the customers in front of me won't get that last bacon, spinach and onion egg pie.  I have felt the sting of disappointment on seeing the last one selected, and the joy of being told that there are more and they are fresh.      I bring my Boston friends, hoping that the promise of the flaky A1 pork pie with the piggy cut out will entice them to drive an hour and three quarters more frequently to keep us company in our new city, despite the snow and cold. Sometimes we buy all the samosas, because my friend from India can't find any in Boston that come so close to the potato-filled dumplings like the ones back home.      We are careful to ensure no one orders the same thing, so we can try a little of everything. If we can, we wait until we get home and put our treasures in the toaster oven and painstakingly cut the donuts into equal portions to share as an appetizer.            Other times, we can't control our appetites. We eat  standing in the parking lot like animals, leaving a pathetic pile of crumbs behind. I have been known to suck the stray bits of glaze off of my shirt, anteater-style.     After making a reservation two and half weeks in advance, I finally tasted the non-Cronut, C&D or whatever its called now. While it was not undelicious, I feel like many of their other yeasty creations are so much more hype-worthy. My personal favorite is the citrus curd donut. The first bite tantalizes with soft subtle sweetness before the curdy middle hits the tongue and makes the mouth pucker, bringing just a tiny tear to the eye.      Even now, my tummy is rumbling, in anticipation of next Sundays trip to Little BIGS.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/18/2013,186,11,,3,2>Pho-Mazing!  I ordered egg rolls, crab rangoon, Pho with meatballs, brisket, and beef, my husband had house fried rice, friends had beef sticks, lady di, and another Pho.  Everything was unbelievably wonderful.  I also ordered a banh mi to go, which if you have read my review on Kim's is one of my favorites.  It was so delicious, I am now ordering take out of veg pho and chicken and rice.  Another go to restaurant for me.....
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,10/17/2013,68,106,5,5,6>This place is so good that I even caught the mailman chowing down a doughnut in the parking lot. The bakers and front help are happy to explain what's available, show you a sneak peek of what they're creating next, and tell you how pleased they are that people are spreading the word about their little bakery. I have massive admiration for the work they do here, and I'm not talking just about the baking. They take the most scrumptious photos of their little BIGS and regularly update their fans. That's dedication. Just this morning, they shared their latest on Facebook--a chocolate glazed with Reese's cup filling. I almost turned around and went back for one. There should be a fight for dukedom at little BIGS.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/16/2013,47,26,,4,2>My boyfriend and I visit the Frog and Turtle often and we love it!  We live in Westbrook and love the fact that there is a really great restaurant just a short drive from our home.The Frog & Turtle serves up delicious food within a range of prices.  All their food is made to order and we've never had a bad meal there.  While their entrees are always fantastic, our favorite dish is actually the green leaf salad with red onion, bacon, a hardboiled egg, and a light garlicky dressing - I can never get enough of it.  They have a great selection of food from flatbreads to fish tacos, duck to a NY strip steak.  The Cajun mussels are also a must-have!  While the food can be a tad bit pricy depending upon what you order (a salad, flatbread, steak, crème brulee and three drinks came to $90), it's one of those places that you should definitely try out.  The Frog & Turtle also has live music - if you can go on a night when the Tone Kings are playing, you'll be very happy!  It's always good to make reservations at least a couple of days ahead of time.  My only knock-down to a four-star is that they usually don't sit you at your reservation time.  We try to make reservations for 8:00pm each time we go so that we can enjoy the music, but it seems as though they have a little bit of trouble moving their guests through tables.  This past weekend we didn't get seated until close to 8:30pm.  The food is worth it, though!Enjoy!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,10/14/2013,3,8,1,3,3>We just checked this place out last night after driving by it many times, and it was fantastic! Definitely will be back many times! My fiancé is from Scotland, right outside of Glasgow, which is known as the curry capital of Britain, so he knows his Indian food! He loved it and said it rated right up there with the best ones he's had. Everything was obviously fresh, server was very knowledgeable and helpful and explained things on the menu to me since I'm a curry novice. The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated with modern decor and lots of nice woodwork, and looks very classy. There is also what looked like a full bar with a flat screen tv, looks like a nice place for a quiet drink. Good portions, good selection of beer & wine for a low price, and food was very good. For previous reviewers saying the food was bland, I think I may know where that was coming from - the server told us that they prepare every dish with only mild spicing and ask you if you want it mild, medium or hot when you order. So perhaps if you don't mention that you like it more spicy then you would have gotten the mild version..Just a thought! I got mine mild and it was very tasty, the chicken was very tender and overall delicious. The only constructive criticism I have for the restaurant is some background music would be nice, maybe lower the lights a bit, and perhaps a little more generous with the naan bread. Other than that it was great!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,10/13/2013,21,7,,2,3>Coffee bar, pastries, cakes and desserts. All very, very good. I go to Scratch a few times a week. It's a really cute neighborhood and the summer people come to Scratch for the BAGELS! They aren't regular bagels, they are very unsual and you would have to try them to really understand them...get there early in the morning or you will miss out on the best things...bagels go fast, especially on the weekend. Saturday morning you can get BEAR CLAWS, OMG and on Friday mornings CHOCOLATE CHIP SCONES, they are amazing - my favorite!!!!! They have some beer and wine, and some other local foods. They also have the BEST sandwiches and salads! A definite "must eat" location if you are in Greater Portland, ME.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/12/2013,1,7,1,3,3>I just moved here and did not know this place existed until my boss treated me with a shot of espresso and blueberry scone last Friday morning. I've always gone to Starbucks and ordered my usual three shots over ice because living in Boston, there was really no other place to go. Hands down, best espresso I've ever had. The scone was also delicious - every bite reminded me of Christmas morning and I'm not even sure what that means myself. I can't wait to go into work early tomorrow so that I can stop by Bards and order everything off their menu.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,10/11/2013,12,20,,6,3>This place was designed for me...tea and massage nirvana.  The place is very relaxing and unique, friendly environment.  When you walk in you feel like you've entered another country...they have relaxing scents, Russian tea pots, a huge tea wall, exotic yet relaxing inspired decor, huge comfy chairs and copper pots for soaking.  You feel completely transported.When you make the appointment you let them know the basic service you want--which will determine the time length.  I usually book a foot soak + 20 or 40 minute massage (usually feet, but you can choose neck/hands too).  You choose your soak when you arrive from their amazing menu--the milk soaks are great!  I also like the lavender ones...but you can choose based on the scents and "mood."  They soak your feet for 20 minutes, while you order and enjoy goodies from their tea and nibbles menu.  Then they take turns doing the massage (although once, we had two masseuses at once...heaven!).  The appointments take about 1.5 hours from start to finish.  HEAVEN.The best part is that you can sit in small groups (2 or more) and enjoy the whole massage experience with a friend!  I have only done me and one other friend at a time--but I've seen fun groups of 4-6 people too.  It feels very private because the huge comfy chairs can be separated by drapes, so the two of you (or more) can be pampered, but at same time it's a fun, almost social atmosphere.  This is perfect place for a very unique, relaxing experience.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,10/10/2013,16,17,,3,2>Boda did not disappoint. My friend and I were looking to go out of our comfort zone and try something new. We both love Thai food but have committed to trying different places going forward. My friend is allergic to gluten and although most Thai is gluten free- we particularly liked how the menu distinguished which dishes were gluten free.  So it was easy for her to pick something out other than the fact that pretty much everything on the menu looked delicious.  We both agreed our meals were that! The presentation on the pad Thai was quite unique as it was wrapped in an egg omelette and you had to add your toppings other than having it all mixed together.  Neither of us had ever seen that before! So if you are looking for the traditional, this is probably not your choice, but we found it to be delightful and somewhere we would definitely visit again except for the fact that there is more exploring to do!p.s. for having quite a few gluten free items on the menu, it was a little disappointing that there were not many choices for gluten- free alcohol drinks other than wine.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,10/9/2013,3,21,6,5,5>I've been here twice and both times were fantastic. By far the best Italian I've had in Portland, although perhaps not as comprehensive as others: this is a ravioli place, pure and simple. My advice:-Make a reservation in advance! This is not a walk-in type of place. Very small and fills up late. When we got there it was a little awkward as there were only two other tables so everyone could probably hear everything we were saying, but it filled up pretty quickly after that.-Get the Mozzarella di Bufala app and have them cut it up for you into a caprese salad. Don't just order the regular caprese! Do this instead. I literally cannot put into words how good that mozzarella was!! I now want to move to Italy and only eat this for the rest of my life.-You really can't go wrong with any of the raviolis, but my favorites were the goat cheese and the pesto (lots of vegetarian options = happiest food baby). I can't remember the name of the ravioli my boyfriend got, but it was the one with all the different types of meat. Is that a Bolognese? Either way, he loved it, or at least I'm assuming he loved it because he didn't really speak but just rolled his eyes back into his head and moaned audibly with each bite (this is why we're dating).Service was friendly but not overbearing, ambiance is casual but we were dressed up and didn't feel uncomfortable, decor is really cute, food is delicious! And have we talked about the prices?! Surprisingly cheap for the quality. Parking lot nearby across the street. Want to really impress your date? Nix the dessert here and walk down to the sexy, sexy Bar of Chocolate to split some salted butter caramel cake and a chocolate drink. You're welcome.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/8/2013,73,8,3,6,4>Pros: delicious breakfast items, friendly staff, alcoholic breakfast beveragesCons: Wait times can be long if you don't go earlySummary: Bintliffs is one of the best breakfast/lunch places to go to in Portland and you would be remiss to not come here. They don't take reservations so show up early or else you could be waiting upwards of an hour on a Sunday morning. They have items that satisfy every palate from savory/salty breakfast to your sweet tooth like french toast and waffles. I don't have much of a sweet tooth so what I suggest is that when you go, at least one person get a sweet item so you can split and share. Don't get me wrong those waffles and french toast are awesome, I just can't finish it so I'd rather split it. When I went this past time my girlfriend and I both got egg Benedict's because they prepare it really well it. The yolk is still runny when you poke into it and as you eat it mixes with toasted english muffin and sits inside all the crevices. I'm salivating now as I think of it.  You can't go wrong eating here, I haven't have a bad experience with the food yet.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/29/2014,38,37,1,6,4>If you dont love this place, you probably hate all things good in this world !! I try and eat here as many sundays as possible. Bayou Benedict is my personal favorite, and their Bloody Mary's/Turbo Coffee are just the pick-me up needed to get your sunday going, You also cant go wrong with the Hash, or the Crab Bennies either. Everything is always cooked fresh and delivered in a timely manner. They do have some pretty cool "typical" breakfast items, like a granola french toast and gigantic lots of delicious things pancakes. Staff is friendly and humorous and despite ALWAYS being busy, they make time to catch up with us. As its a pretty popular place, dont go here expecting to get a table right off the bat, there is usually a 40 min wait every time we go, but dont let that discourage you, as the food and service is well worth it, PLUS, they are always kind enough to make you a delicious Bloody Mary (or grab a cup of coffee) to help satiate you while you wait. LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE !!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,4/28/2014,6,15,1,5,3>When it comes to brunch, the waiting game is in effect for all good spots. So rather than blather on about waiting for a table (except to say that I could put my name in at Bintliff's, walk up to Hot Suppa, put in my name, be seated and eat a delicious brunch in time to walk back to Bintliff's and wait another 30 min to be seated). It's not as much fun in the Winter. Now for the food: You just have to get over having Canadian Bacon with your Eggs Benny and try the Fried Green Tomato Benedict. Wow! The hollandaise is excellent and the flavor of the green tomatoes makes this dish pop. The rest of the plate is beautiful with great hashbrowns or home fries and fresh fruit. If you're not an egg person, try the FGT BLT. Nice people, good coffee.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,4/27/2014,13,137,1,4,4>I made it to this place three times last week (between the hours of 12:00 P.M. - 1:00 A.M.) The establishment is well spaced and provides ample room for large groups.  Bowling, Drinks or Dinner...take your choice. Other than the ample draft list, I had the opportunity to sample the Detroit Style pizza with basal, which was ridiculously good. While I haven't yet had anything else, I was told by the bartender that they have "Italian Sandwiches" with actual Italian Deli meats. (I'm sick of the place with the tomato on the sign and need a "Real Italian sandwich")Even though this establishment is in South Portland, you should expect the prices & (more importantly) quality to reflect that of Portland. TAKE-OUT & FREE FOOD DELIVERY TOO!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,4/26/2014,71,96,5,5,4>I used to be a wing-hater. I'd turn my snobby little nose up at that florescent orange sauce, those sticky, dripping fingers, those mouths covered in tangy nastiness. Even the smell of buffalo sauce made me wince with disapproval.And then I met The Great Lost Bear. I don't know what enticed me to try them the first time. Perhaps it was the fact that they actually look like chicken wings. Some mutant enormous version of a chicken but a chicken nonetheless. One bite and the Buffalo Wing Switch was flipped within me. Now I find myself daydreaming of their wings. Just writing this review, I have to resist the urge to call and place an order. When people ask me where to go for wings, my eyes glaze over and I tell them in an urgent monotone that they have to eat at The Great Lost Bear. If they resist, I point at them and shriek like a Buffalo Wing Pod Person. If you simply can't bring yourself to go based on their wings alone, I understand. I used to be like you, too. Fortunately, they have an enormous menu with gluten free and vegetarian options. It's almost overwhelming, it's so extensive. They have a comfortable, kitchy interior that is good for large and small groups. Reading all the signs and posters on the walls makes for excellent diversion if your company is less than stellar and the staff is always friendly.But, really, go for no other reason than their wings. Join us.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,4/25/2014,14,41,3,6,6>And just when I thought I had my favorite bagel in the Portland area, Union Bagel Co joins the scene and jumps its way to the very top of my list.  Union Bagel has a straightforward and simple menu of bagels, cream cheese and coffee.  What makes these bagels so great is the top quality ingredients and expert preparation.  I highly HIGHLY recommend trying these bagels.  Just note, they don't have a bagel sandwich menu or an array of other toppings.  If you need this sort of breakfast experience, it's still worth buying a dozen bagels to bring home and make your own sandwiches.  Also, I genuinely enjoy talking to the staff when I go in there - good people!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,4/24/2014,96,87,4,13,7>I finally ventured to Fishermen's Grill for my first lobster roll of the season. As many locals will tell you, eating lobster out is a real pain, and heavily overpriced. So lobster rolls are the method of choice to devour our famous crustacean. Fishermen's Grill is a small shack on Forest Ave near RSVP liquor store and a nondescript Indian restaurant. It's easy to miss, but parking is plentiful on the street. Inside are a few tables and a counter for ordering. It's a cash only business. The menu specializes in lobster rolls and fresh, fried seafood. There are a handful of non-seafood items (I've heard the burger is amazing), but for the most part Fishermen's Grill is for seafood lovers.I ordered the classic lobster roll and clam chowder special for $19. This is pricier than many lobster rolls so I didn't know what to expect. Looking back, I'd call the price cheap for what you get.The lobster roll in the combo is their small. I assume a large involves the genocide of the entire lobster population, just for your roll. Because the small was packed with what appeared to be the meat of two full lobsters. It was mostly tail meat (the best part) and overflowing from the grilled and buttered hot dog roll. A little lettuce and a thin spread of mayo kept the lobster as the main attraction.So you definitely get your money's worth, but how did it taste? Very good, but not perfect. I read in other reviews, and I agree, that the lobster meat is too cold. It's obviously fresh out of the ocean, but the fridge they keep it in overdoes it. To me, lobster tastes its best at room temperature. I'd still rank this lobster roll only behind Bite Into Maine, which is the best roll I have ever had (but they do not have a full seafood menu).I can't wait to go back to try more items before the tourists take over. Fisherman's Grill isn't a scenic dine-in spot, but for fresh seafood to go in ridiculous quantity, it's a winner. The high yelp review average isn't just hype.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,4/23/2014,111,121,1,5,4>While in North Conway, we were speaking to some local store owners about a good spot for dinner.  The store owner, knowing we were on our way back to Portland, urged us to eat in Fryeburg while passing through.  This is a place I would have never considered stopping, even though have noticed it when driving by on 302.  It was recommended that we sit in the downstairs pub for dinner.  I used my Open Table app to make the reservation and they were ready for us when I got there.  The hostess had a table right in front of the fireplace in one of the upstairs room, it could have been a very romantic dinner, but we opted to wait for a table in the pub, where there was a more casual setting.  The hostess was very friendly and gave us a brief tour of the Inn before bringing us to the pub in the basement.  The building is very classic and has been well maintained.  The basement was really cool..with the exposed rock foundation showing, a full bar and about 8 tables.  The atmosphere was more casual than upstairs, but the menus are the same.  I ordered the Maple Bourbon Brined Pork, it was very tasty and came with a very good home made mac and cheese.  I just love coming to restaurants like this, you get a well crafted and rounded dinner, making you want to come back and try everything on the menu!  Our meals were fabulous, the service was wonderful, and this will be a spot we stop at on the way back from the White Mountains.  I highty recommend.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,4/22/2014,26,54,1,6,4>I think this place is super cool. The owner is a very nice man and very knowledgable. Yes, most of the stuff is a replica or fake or corny/hoaxy but that's all part of the fun. As far as a cool place in portland I would definitely recommend stopping by- with an open mind and not super high expectations. Cryptozoology is the study of trying to find other species on earth (or something like that) that have not been proven to exist... So you're not going to find any real evidence in the museum like a taxidermied mermaid but it's still a neat place to check out! Totally unique!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,4/21/2014,9,12,1,6,4>I eat at Sonny's because I know exactly what I want when I go there. It's one of those places that keeps me coming back because I've memorized the best stuff on their menu; it's very rare that I go to Sonny's in anticipation of what's on special. Whether I'm going out for dinner, brunch, or Saturday night cocktails, Sonny's never disappoints.I will often crave a chile relleno, and I won't go anywhere else to get my fix. The ceviche is always fresh and delicious. If you want your Cuban with a variety of delicious cuts of pig, Sonny's is the spot. I have never tried the burger or the daily empanada, but that's because I'm completely content with what I have tried. I can assure you that you will quickly and easily be hooked on Sonny's. For brunch, the huevos rancheros and arepas and eggs are where it's at. Pork belly. The end.And we haven't even begun discussing cocktails. This is Portland's cocktail spot, and I stand by that. Infusions, fresh fruit and herbs, and good liquor make Sonny's cocktails stand-out among much competition. They muddle jalapenos and strawberries into their tequila, and add liqueurs to their champagne. Yum.Sometimes, the service at Sonny's is slow. It depends on the day, the meal, and the server/bartender. It's best to go in anticipating this detail.My boyfriend and I will go to Sonny's just because there isn't anywhere else to go at a given time. It's just Sonny's. It's good. It's a Portland staple. Sonny's makes me happy. Additionally, so do Local 188 and Salvage BBQ, Sonny's' sister restaurants. More on them later.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,4/20/2014,28,12,5,7,6>Oh dear, sweet Guidi's.  You are my reason for getting up on Saturday mornings.  When nothing else seems like it could drag me from my warm bed, and penetrate through the fog of my occasional Friday night hangover, the thought of your pure deliciousness gets my motor moving.  You are the perfect greasy spoon breakfast.  Our tiny little haven.  From your super thick french toast, to your delectable egg dishes (two words:  reuben. omelette).  From your pancakes, to your latest creation The Heart Burn (fried potatoes tossed with chili, cheese, onions peppers and jalapenos)... you have become our weekend tradition since we moved to Westbrook.  The few occasions that we can't make it in to see you leave a hole in my heart.  Your servers Patty and Donna are the perfect duo - always friendly, always quick, always remembering our drink orders before we even sit down.  You are the only place we can truly call ourselves regulars and that is because you are the only one for us.  See you this weekend....
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,3/30/2014,1,17,1,6,5>This was some of the best food I've had in Portland.I expected something like what I've gotten at Pai Men Miyake (which I like), but it was totally different -- in the best way. I went on a Tuesday night and there were only a few other people in the 16-seat room. We immediately found seats. Our tattooed waiter was super nice. When I went toward the bathroom he showed me how to play the Japanese slot machine (pachislos) -- try it. The food is smallish plates that run mostly $8-12 (some $4 ones). We got the cheap asian beer, which was $3 each.We started with the Tuna Yuke (raw tuna with sesame sauce and a raw quail yolk broken over it) and holy cow it was the best raw tuna I've ever had. So soft, delectable. The flavors were right on target and enhanced the fish.We got the pork belly over rice and topped with scallions (not sure if this is a regular menu fixture) which blew. me. away. Absolutely to die for. If I had to eat that and only that for the rest of my life, I'd have a pretty good life. Super rich, savory, satisfying. I may have scooped out the last pork-fattened rice grains with a ladle. Sorry not sorry.The last amazing dish we ordered was an udon with house-made noodles, beef broth, meat and root vegetables. I've been to Fukuoka and I have to say, this take on udon had the heart of it -- that can't-quite-place-it taste, but the unusual add-on of root veggies made it sweet and livened up the textures. You might get chewy beef, maybe a squishy yam or a crisp carrot or slippery noodle.That was enough food for the two of us. But we'd also ordered Okonomiyake, which described itself as a pancake with scallop, bacon, cabbage. It was terrible. It was smothered in some sort of barbecue sauce which made it impossible to taste the mush underneath.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,3/29/2014,15,31,,5,3>first of all, what a great phone number!this place is expensive so I expect high quality and unique food. check. check. The strombolis intrigued me, so i asked the worker about the best way to pack one to go. He had me pick a winner and hand it over to him. popped into a hot oven for 5 minutes, cut, and sided with marinara sauce. Nice!also got a chicken salad roll up, orange and cream soda, and bread pudding desert. chicken salad wasn't special, but at least it had cut grapes and walnuts. It needs something else. I haven't had the bread pudding yet, but it has oven directions printed on it, nice touch.And lots of free samples while you shop!I had my hands full of food, so the worker opened the door for me to leave.I get the feeling this is the kind of place that doesn't take shortcuts. That's food i want to eat.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,3/28/2014,46,78,1,7,8>The State reopened shortly after I moved to Portland in 2010, much to the delight of seemingly everyone in the area.The thing I like most about the State Theatre is the variety of shows that they bring in. Shows you want to sit and watch, shows you want to be on the dance floor for, comedians, movies, and even burlesque performances.Before you go, here are a few things to keep in mind:- There is an open space in front of the stage, there are also seats on two levels. Every show that I've been to has been GA, so no need to worry about assigned seats. Get up front if you want to, sit down when you need a break. I'm not sure that this is how EVERY show is, but you'll probably be informed when buying tickets if you're getting an assigned seat.- Drinks are expensive. But realistically, where is this not the case? If you're going to a concert, you are probably overpaying to drink there. The State is conveniently located really close to several bars and restaurants, so grab some food and drinks beforehand and save when you're inside. If you do want to purchase drinks, they often have local offerings (a summer favorite is Maine Mead Works lavender mead / lemonade combo).- It gets hot. Again, kind of a given, but dress appropriately. It gets pretty unpleasant on really hot days, and everyone will be crowded and sweaty. Make sure you hydrate. I do wish you could sneak outside for some air on nights like this, but there's no re-entry. (This is my number one qualm with this venue, though it's kind of a non-issue in cooler months)- The building is awesome! Make sure you appreciate that you are in a really old, gorgeous theater.- If you're desperate to meet your favorite performer, you can hang outside like a creep around the tour buses that are parked on the street. You can probably catch a glimpse of them, if you really want to be that person.- People line up HOURS before shows start. I know this happens everywhere, but the State is small enough that I've always been able to make my way close enough to the stage, without spending the afternoon outside.- Buy tickets in advance, they're usually a few bucks cheaper than if you buy them day of.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,3/27/2014,247,16,1,5,4>I will usually stop by anytime I drive by....I would say these are the best hot dogs around....I don't know where you can find a better one!!The rolls the dogs come on are always fresh!!The french fries are awesome!!I always get the cheese dog combo!!Just filling enough.The place is always clean and the staff that works there are always pleasant and now that I come in often...They always smile and thank me for my business which is nice.The owner has a really good grip on things.... He's always nice and we do some small talk.... I like it when the owner acknowledges you and is grateful for your business.If you're in to hot sauce... You'll be in heaven !! WOW!! What a great selection they have!!There's plenty of parking and it's never loud.5 stars from me!!My friends always thank me for bringing them in.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/26/2014,2,17,,7,3>Haven't been to too many "sex shops" to compare this one to others, but I can confidently say that CS Boutique is like none other.  It takes the whole sex shop idea and turns it into something quite nice and comfortable and pleasant really...When you walk in, you don't feel the need to be embarrassed or anything, there's always just one clerk and its always a female who is very non-intrusive and polite.  There's a very relaxed and open vibe in the shop. I've never felt like eyes were burning into my back every time I turned around. Very satisfied.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/25/2014,50,64,2,5,6>Welcome to the craft beer cage death match. If you are looking for a beer that you can enter into the fighting competition this is the place to go. You say you do not know much about beer? Well then let me point out one such fellow "Greg"(store owner) and ask him. Looking for a sour lambic, what about a smokey, bacon-y rauchbeir,maybe a solid hefeweizen would win. My point is there are just so many different beers here that it would beseech you to try more than just the regular. The shop is large and very open. Shelves with plenty of beer and in the back, coolers of beer already chilled. You can get also get small kegs of stuff like Oxbow. A great deal that he offers as well is discounts on mix and matching beers for 4 packs and 6 packs and if you sign up for the email list he will track the amount that you purchase. Once you reach a 100 dollars he will give you back a 5% off. You can spend it then or you can wait and save them up so you could get 10%, 15%, or 20%. A nice thank you to the customer.They do a lot of beer tastings during the week and they have great music playing as well. The biggest knock on the place is the small and awkward parking lot which can get very tight. Plus, where it is located you have to be traveling North on forest ave to get to it. Stop by, say hi to Greg if he is working, get a six pack and sign up your email. Be prepared for enter the craft beer death match!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/24/2014,82,5,1,6,5>After an excruciatingly difficult exam, my friends and I were sitting in the next class -- Yelping from our swivel chairs for the perfect Happy Hour to unwind with. We needed a place where we could relax and get our minds off patient case studies and psychiatric treatments. My friend, an Elite, found The Corner Room.$3 beers and wine. Free food/snacks. Perfect for us!Happy Hour is from 4-6 PM. Bar area only. Laid-back.Most of the seats were taken when we got there around 4:30 PM. There were two chairs left, but there were 4 of us, so we were mostly standing the whole time.The free food/snacks exceeded my expectations. Would definitely come here again.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,3/23/2014,1,13,,5,3>I was pleasantly surprised with how helpful the movers were. Four guys moved my household two doors down in 2 1/2 hours. They were careful with my furniture, always asked where items went, packed up some of my closets and even carried over the little things that I either forgot about or didn't pack yet. I highly recommend this moving company.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,3/22/2014,3,8,,6,2>I came here with extremely low expectations since it has been a few very bad business's. I thought it was great! I had a mojito and shrimp enchiladas! Yummy! They also had great complimentary warm house tortilla chips and salsa. Salsa tasted homemade, very strong in cilantro which I love! Everyone was attentive and so friendly....authentic Mexican!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,3/21/2014,51,269,,8,5>SUCH A COOL PLACE. I agree with a few other reviews, the prices aren't really in line with true flea market prices... but they're not bad overall. I popped in here without checking the hours on the door, and it turns out they were closed (with the doors unlocked?), but there were a handful of other people inside and the woman at the register cheerfully told me I could poke around for 10 minutes or so if I wanted. I ended up finding the PERFECT item -- a birthday gift for my sister-in-law -- and had a good chat with the cashier to boot. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,11/18/2013,1,9,,5,2>Headline: Great Coffee!  Located in the heart of Yarmouth Village you likely be greeted by the shop proprietor, Jim.  A kind neighborhood soul that is the perfect calm accompaniment to that first cup of coffee before the caffeine hits in.The Royal Bean team brews up your favorite coffee on demand, grinding the beans when you order.  This brewing method takes a minute and provides the best cup.  I enjoyed a Tanzanian Teaberry recently and have the Indian and Road Trip on my favorite list.They offer many pastries and breakfast items.  My favorite a toasted everything bagel with their house made vegetable cream cheese.  Other family favorites are the clams (a turnover delight) and muffins.They offer a full line of espresso items and lave a light lunch menu.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,11/17/2013,3,4,1,3,1>As a vegan it is not always easy to find a quick accommodating place to get a meal but Bruce's will build an menu item customized for anyone; specials change daily and include: tofu, salsa, meat, two specialized burritos, and desserts.The place is always slammed with returning customers but somehow I manage to get my order within 5 minutes and never once has it been wrong. The food is always amazing with fresh veggies, fluffy rice full of seasonings - the staff is welcoming and will greet you by name the second time you go, and don't get me started on the sweet chili sauce. All and all Bruce's is awesome - do yourself a favor.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,11/16/2013,4,4,1,1,1>My husband and I had a very private wedding ceremony then took our close family out to dinner here afterwards (12 people in all). Our table was set for all of us to sit together and everyone ordered whatever they liked off the menu. We were treated very well, drinks were brought right away, and all of our food was served with great timing. Everyone enjoyed their food! We didn't feel rushed and the wait staff was very friendly. My husband is a chef and he made a point to go to the kitchen and thank the staff since you could tell they worked very hard. We've gone back one time since (excellent again) and plan on going again this Thursday for our 1 year anniversary. Special place with excellent food (not just pizza) and great staff. Highly recommended!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,11/15/2013,6,58,,6,3>I have a feeling that this will be our new breakfast haunt. There are some great "Brunch" places in Portland, but what about breakfast?  How about a place with honest, fair priced, country style breakfasts?  Where can I get a cinnamon bun that fills a dinner plate? Chutes!Food: We usually stick with eggs, tubers, breakfast animal (usually bacon) and toast.  GET THE OATMEAL COUNTRY bread!  This makes this meal an amazing repeatable offense.  Coffee? Not bad at all. Ask about the flavors.  Your cup will never be emptyService: A great combination of friendly and sassy. Perfect!Verdict:  If you don't want to spend dinner bucks on breakfast then hunt for a parking spot and put your name on the waiting list. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,11/14/2013,2,37,2,5,2>I love roadside joints like this. Harmon's is great, The interior decor is exactly what you would expect (in a good way). make sure to check out the mini diorama of the place!We ordered everything on the menu just to be thorough. The stand-out was the hot dog. I swear, the hot dogs here really give Floe's a run for her money. You will have a wait - they cook everything to order. They only take cash too which is just fine with me.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,11/13/2013,39,99,1,1,1>This is a foodie's paradise. The restaurant is known for sourcing organic ingredients from local farms-that is why it costs what it does. Some of the best ingredients in New England. The soups are flavorful but with a lovely texture. They go above and beyond to accommodate allergies, really have never seen anything like it. The tricky thing is the menu can change a little with the seasons as the ingredients are seasonal. I love the rigatoni bolognese, if you are ever there for a pumpkin gnocchi season, you must eat it on my behalf. I am allergic to dairy and I frankly didn't care it was that good. Personal favorite for the salads is the beet salad, but plenty to choose from. The locally sourced mussel appetizer is divine,the broth is flavorful and worth the mess.Scallops are also a favorite. The staff are a bit different, you can tell they are in a hospitality atmosphere rather than a traditional restaurants-they will recommend local places to see while you are on vacation and recognize guests from years past. Overall a wonderful environment, good food, and stunning views. Don't request an ocean view table when it's dark...because you can't see the ocean when it's dark. :) Summer is packed with Inn guests so make your reservations well in advance.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,11/12/2013,7,50,1,3,2>This is just a post on the donuts and I wanted to say how EXCITED I am to finally have found the donuts I have been searching for in the Portland area... Tony's Donuts are too dry (I tried many times.)I do like the new Holy Donut donuts but they are different, and I wouldn't describe them as classic, although they are very good.But Cookie Jar donuts are classic cake donuts,  fresh and delicious... the buttercrunch is definitely a favorite.  If you have been searching for great donuts in the Portland area, try the Cookie Jar! ohh... and the loaf bread at the Cookie Jar is also QUITE good. Freshly baked...soft... YUM.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,11/11/2013,3,40,1,2,3>I've been by the Foreside Tavern numerous times over the past year or so. Always seems to be busy. We stopped in this afternoon around 4 PM.Ample parking with a rather pleasant appearing building that looks like something contemporary crossed with something from the 80's. Inside is rustic with barn board floors painted black, wooden booths (rather worn from years or use), and tables and chairs. Ceiling has beams and is cathedral type and painted white. Track lighting all around the restaurant.Greeted upon entry and given a choice of seating. Prompt, friendly waitress. Food is generally American, not sure if there are any seasonal dishes. No specials of any sort that I noticed.I had chicken seafood gumbo which was hot, fresh, and spicy. Large shrimp, fair quantity of tasty mussels and good quantity of chicken. My wife had the fish and chips and seemed to really enjoy it.We shared a pumpkin ginger cheesecake which was very tasty (never had gingerbread pie crust before).Overall a pleasant dining experience and a reasonable value.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,11/10/2013,14,41,,1,1>This is a great local bar with plenty of character.  The white lights outside draw me into this cozy Irish pub on a cold winter evening.  Don't be surprised if you see a dog wandering around or sleeping on one of the stools - the bar mascot obviously.  There are good nightly beer specials and plenty of great microbrews on draft.  Warning: If you are easily offended by profanity or taboo topics, you may feel uncomfortable at times.  My advice, don't take it too seriously and appreciate being in an establishment where no filter is necessary.  The bartender, Michelle, makes this place what it is!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,11/9/2013,1,17,,3,2>A relaxing trip around the bay; great if you just feel like floating quietly for a bit and seeing the islands.My wife and I enjoyed just bobbing along with the waves, feeling the breeze and listening to the sails move about as we tacked around the bay.  We were fascinated by the ship's history, and by seeing how an older sailing vessel operates.  We were able to take photos of the old historical forts and lighthouses that we saw around the bay area.Seating is just on the deck, wherever you can find room, but I preferred to stand and feel the boat rock.  The crew were very friendly, conversational, and answered all of the passengers' questions to the best of their abilities.  The captain even enlisted a few children on board to help him steer the ship, which was great fun.  Since the ship stays in the bay, we still had our cell signal and were able to upload photos to FaceBook as we were taking them.We had the sunset cruise (6pm-8pm), so the skyline was gorgeous as the sun went down behind Portland.  Would recommend.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/18/2014,90,228,1,3,4>Stopped in here on Friday night for a light dinner with my husband. Easy parking right behind the restaurant was an early sign of good things to come. The live music was in full swing when we arrived and the band of the night was The Cozmik Zombies, who were rocking out a tight set of blues and folk. The music could be quite loud, so do be forewarned of that.We were seated near the windows, conveniently not in full-on blow-out-your-eardrums territory and ordered some beers and the cheese and meat plate to share. Next time I may go for a bourbon flight, but it wasn't that kind of evening. The portions were pretty small, but everything on the plate was absolutely delicious. Next we split some calamari, which again exceeded expectations. They were very lightly fried with a citrusy sauce. Finally we split the seasonal parfait for dessert. All things considered, the food here is above and beyond what I expected at this venue. The service was also great throughout - attentive without being annoying - and the owner even came over at the end to see how we enjoyed everything. We'll definitely be back again if we find ourselves out in Westbrook.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,10/17/2014,0,10,1,5,6>Portland Pie is our go-to pizza place. Portland has so many really great pizza shops, and there's no shortage of gourmet pizza. But sometimes you don't want fancy gourmet pizza, you want real hearty pizza! That's when we go to portland pie. They have fancy too, don't get me wrong. But I like to judge a pizza place by their simple cheese pizza before anything else, and you just can't get a cheese pizza like you can here. The bar is really great too, fair beer prices and a great selection *I have a few rules about portland pie though.* It's only worth it when you're either: -getting pizza for takeout or delivery -sitting at the bar and getting beer and slices or a pizza pie among friends If you don't follow those simple rules you will end up sitting at a table, ordering expensive sodas and appetizers and spending wayyyy more than you wanted on what could have been a good simple pizza meal!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,10/16/2014,4,16,2,3,3>So I started with a roasted squash organic salad with a sage vinaigrette. I know it sounds like ground hog day with me and gnocchi but it's everywhere and this is the best yet. Ricotta gnocchi caramelized onion in a cream sauce with goat cheese and micro greens on top. Didn't see that coming. Now that is a day changer. Grateful!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,10/15/2014,111,121,4,3,3>This place rocks!  I had heard great things about this new bowling/bar/restaurant and was excited to check it out.  I am definitely not the World's best bowler, but do enjoy it, and after a couple Allagash White's I begin to consider myself league material.  The vibe here is really fun.  We got in and there was a band playing, the bar was filled and there was about a 45 minute wait for a lane.  We expected this and did not mind.  We grabbed a high top and a beer and waited.  Within 30 minutes we had our lane.  The lanes are new and new, and the monitors do all the work in calculating scores.  I lost...both games, but had a blast.  This would be a great place to host a company party or birthday party.  I have not tried the food yet, but will at my next visit.  They have plenty of space and a great view.  Looking forward to my next visit there!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,10/14/2014,98,279,5,2,3>I walked in on a visit from Boston, in desperate need of a hair cut. Yvonne asked if she could give me bangs. Had I not have had those 2 glasses of wine prior to walking in the door, I probably would have said no. So glad I had liquid courage! BEST BANGS EVER!Prior to moving to Portland 9 months ago, I would travel up from Boston just to get my touch ups. (Envy may have had a little something to do with my move here.)The location is great, the space lovely and clean, and the staff exceptional. Also, they always offer refreshments!Over the past year and a half, I have been seeing Becky. She does great cuts, blow outs and keeps my Frida Kahlo eyebrow in check.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,10/13/2014,15,28,2,6,5>Most Mexican restaurants overload their meals with melted cheese. For those of us who have a love/hate relationship with dairy, finding menu options can be tough. At Taco Trio, you don't need to worry about drowning in melted cheese. There are plenty of options where cheese isn't part of the equation. I highly recommend the tacos which come with your choice of meats, onion and cilantro. They are simply dressed to let you really taste the flavors on the meat. Once you make your selection, you'll then get your choice of salsas from the self-serve salsa bar. There are a number of options from melt your brain hot to pleasantly mild. This place is quickly becoming my favorite Mexican place around. The food is simple, inexpensive and really delicious. Be aware that on weekend evenings, you may have a bit of a wait because the line to order will be long.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,10/12/2014,95,133,4,8,4>I would have to say that if you are looking for something healthy and an alternative to grease and fat, then Gourmaine is the place to be.I came here to enjoy lunch with a friend today and we picked this restaurant partialy due to the fact that she was a vegetarian and the menu looked amazing.When you first walk in, you can see the clean and well kept dining area and then you can put on your best subway slash chipotle slash qdoba  shoes on and walk up to the line and order a la carte and create your own salad or wrap.I dove into the bowl of romaine lettuce with green and red peppers, broccoli, avocado, cucumbers with feta cheese and croutons (I know I know kinda boring) but the dressing is what made it so fresh for me.  I had the orange grapefruit vinaigrette to bring some tang to this salad.There was a couple of things here that surprised me.  The selections in the a la carte menu are plentiful and robust with things like falafel, square cut beets and pumpkin seeds.  It was quite refreshing and after asking the young lady if this restaurant was a chain we found out that it is the only one and she did a great job in helping us and answering our questions.The other unique thing was after she filled the bowls with our salads she asked if we wanted it chopped or not and there are different grades of chop that they can do.  I am definitely not a salad aficionado but my mind was both blown and pleasantly surprised by the experience as a whole.Then as we were sitting they came by the table with a free sample of healthy dessert with a cup of apples with a goat style greek yogurt that gave the sweet apple some tartness to bite into it.  I enjoyed it.The staff was very attentive to the floor when people would leave they were right there to clean up (I saw this because the person I was with and I were chatty kathy's and took a while .. good company)They also had a selection of healthier alternatives for vitamin water or flavored water drinks and there was a big sign in front saying they have beer and wine so this could be a nice dinner with a glass of wine for those looking for something healthy.There is some outside seating but with the humidity of today it was a little too hot to sit outside.  I will be going back to this new place right next to the Olive Garden and Newicks lobster house.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,10/11/2014,4,69,1,2,3>I've suffered from bruxism, TMJ, and a whole host of jaw and sleep problem for years now.Then I had a session with Dan Katz, licensed physical therapist and acupuncturist at Wildwood Medicine. After one session, the entire right side of my face became un-clenched (and "unlocked" -- those with TMJ will know what I'm talking about). I cannot believe the huge improvement. I will definitely be going back to Wildwood Medicine (continued treatment is recommended, at least for a few weeks) for both this issue and other issues as well.Also, there are several things I really love about this clinic:-- EXTREMELY professional staff; I work in the healthcare industry, and I can say with confidence that the patient care and facilities here are top-notch-- They take credit/debit cards (unlike many other acupuncture places)-- They allow walk-ins!-- Sliding scale from $20-40 for each regular visit ($30-50 the first visit). This is SO much more affordable than the average practice, both in Maine and nationally.-- Beautiful, clean building-- Extremely knowledgeable acupuncturist (I think it definitely helps that he's a licensed physical therapist, too). Overall, I had a wonderful experience and will definitely be returning!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,10/10/2014,14,10,,2,4>I come to Pats about twice a week. You will find no finer employees than here: knowledgeable,  always friendly, and they make you feel like family. Best meat in town - you won't catch saran-wrapped chicken in my house! Sandwiches made fresh (that includes slicing the meat and cheese right then) and as big as your face!  Small grocery store too, which is super handy, fresh coffee, bread and baked goods too! Can't ask for anything more from this neighborhood butcher!!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/9/2014,63,13,1,3,2>This place is right around the corner from me and is always hopping! So I finally had a chance to try it today and was NOT disappointed.I got a seat right at the bar.  The service was kinda rough throughout most of the meal (hence the 4 star review). Apparently it was a new waitress who was clearly in the weeds (industry slang for behind on her orders and tables and service to guests).  It took maybe 20 minutes to get my order taken and an iced coffee.Then the food was out in under ten minutes and my god was it good! The scrambled eggs were the best I've ever had.  The dirty beans & rice were incredibly spicy and savory without killing my mouth.  And the blueberry pancakes have officially knocked The Front Room out of first place.  Amazing!All in all I loved it and HIGHLY recommend it.  I'm bringing my homie there next week to dine, in fact.  Be prepared for a wait unless you go in early.  But it will be totally worth it!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,9/28/2014,20,94,,4,3>What a cute place! The front is a store selling everything from banana-shaped flasks to various drinking glasses and bitters. The bar is upstairs and offers a variety of natural sodas mixed on the spot. I tried the Bangladesh Express. It had coconut, blood orange, lime, cardamom and ghost pepper. Interesting flavors and a kick from the pepper. I love the idea of this place. Fun and flavorful drinks without alcohol. Worth checking out when in the Old Port.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/27/2014,1,4,2,2,3>This place is a summer staple for me. Nothing beats a Kale Storm on a hot summer day. Their Kale Storm is amazing but the one that surpasses it (for me) is the Eliza"BEET"thian. Cute name, delicious taste, great ingredients. It totally turned me on to beets in smoothies/juices. The only juice that I've ever tried from them was the "Liquid Sunshine" which I was not the biggest fan of, but I didn't hate it. I think there was too much carrot and ginger in it for my taste. Now that I have my own juicer at home, I think I'll just stick to buying their smoothies. As a chia seed and cayenne pepper enthusiast, I really appreciate that they offer them as add-ins, along with a bunch of other awesome things. Some might think the prices are a bit much, but you get what you pay for. Service is just fine, they're very fast and efficient. I have only been to the one in the Public Market in Monument Square, so I cant speak for the Old Port location. My only (small) complaint is that they only offer soymilk and no almond milk. I try to avoid soy whenever possible and that makes half of their menu a no-go for me :(
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,9/26/2014,16,130,4,5,4>I too am giving this wonderful shop the best rating possible - because it is WELL deserved. You might be thinking: "It's HONEY. How hard could it be?" Let me tell you, this place has EVERYTHING. If you're like me and you're afraid of bees but love their sweet good stuff, you can pretty much find anything honey related you'd want here - from fresh honeycomb to honey soap, to honey lemon rosemary soda. (Which is amazing, by the way.)But if you LOVE bees and are a budding apiarist/hobbyist, they also carry all the supplies you'd need for your own backyard hives. That is, I assume they have everything. I bet if they don't have something you want, they know how to get it.The woman working at the store was absolutely lovely. Very helpful, extremely knowledgeable and she let us sample the various honey.Totally check this place out. And while you're near the Quality Shop, be sure to stop by for a molasses cookie whoopie pie. (You'll thank me later.)
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,9/25/2014,34,42,5,5,6>Who doesn't love cute girls in cute trailers selling cute cupcakes??  I love the whole operation!  The cookie dough stuffed cupcakes were delicious albeit a bit dense for my liking.  My boss, whose birthday it was, demolished the gluten free cupcakes I picked up for her. She must have asked two or three times if I was sure I had pointed to the gluten free ones correctly.  I will definitely be back to try some other flavors for myself and to pick up any gluten free treats whenever the boss needs a little buttering up!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,9/24/2014,13,137,2,6,5>Gorham House of Pizza is better than I expected.  I typically prefer New York style pizza with thin, crispy, foldable crust.  While I can say that this is not the type of pizza one will encounter at the Gorham House of pizza, I attest that the typical style one encounters in Maine is served here hot and delicious. A large cheese pizza will cost you $12.99; prices are more reasonable than I am used to encountering at local pizzerias. The remainder of the menu, which is very extensive, is also well priced. The pizza we ordered was the best of the "Maine Style" that we have encountered before (doughy crust, baked in a pizza pan...the result is uniform and evenly cooked crust).  The interior of the restaurant is very clean and modern.  A large HD television hangs on the wall for entertainment while you wait for your food.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,9/23/2014,24,13,1,4,2>Was skeptical about trying this place again after bad experiences in the past... I was pleasantly surprised. The new decor is a huge improvement... Tastefully decorated tables and chairs have replaced the old dilapidated booths... The coffee was better than last time, but still on the low-end of diner grade. Waitstaff wasn't very attentive as we didn't see her again until she delivered the check... And our coffee mugs sat empty. BUT the lobster omelet was delicious! So delicious I would suffer through the coffee again on my next visit.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,9/22/2014,209,1125,4,5,5>I had to set up a dinner for about 30 people with separate checks on a Saturday night, and the Old Port Sea Grill was up to the challenge.  I worked with Laura, who communicated with me regularly by email, and the event went off without a hitch.  Everyone really liked their food and the only complaints were minor.Some of the food could have been warmer when it came out of the kitchen, though I guess that happens when all the orders go in at the same time.  I prefer my chowder and bisque to be thicker than it was, but that's a matter of taste and the soups (along with everything else) tasted great.  When our server brought the checks, she didn't mention that the tip had already been added.  People at another table had a server who remembered to point it out.  I think these kinds of problems would happen no matter where a group of nearly 30 would go to dinner.The restaurant is very attractive, clean, and modern.  Lighting is a bit dim for people with aging eyes, but it wasn't so dark that anyone asked for a flashlight (I've seen that actually happen.)  The credit card machine went down for a little while, but that's not the restaurant's fault and they got it fixed pretty quickly.One thing to realize is that the space can get loud.  We wound up with 28 people showing up and some of us can get exuberant.  We were also next to a group of about 12 people who were starting a bachelor party and it really was a lot of fun.  The decor really doesn't have much in the way of soft surfaces to deaden the sound and this wasn't good or bad for us, but it might be a problem for people that wanted to have a serious conversation in a nice quiet place.I'm glad that I picked this restaurant and I would be glad to go back to the Old Port Sea Grill any time.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,9/21/2014,18,12,1,2,3>Yummy, fun, different.  If you are looking for something NOT "coffee" or "regular tea" to grab and go (or stay awhile), this fits the bill.  The bubble tea is great (may take newbies some getting used to).  It is lactose free too which is nice.  I recommend the bubble green tea - hot or cold.  Smells like jasmine.  I usually get it cold in the summer and warm with ginger in the winter.  Nothing will warm you up quicker!  The food is great too.  Very nice and friendly owner and employees!  Dog friendly!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/20/2014,19,15,1,9,6>In a final attempt to escape yesterday's heat (my AC unit just wasn't cutting it), I decided to explore East End Beach. What a relief! I was happily surprised to find that it wasn't too crowded. Among families, dogs, cozy couples, and joggers, I still had plenty of space to roam and dip in the ocean. Found a nice spot of shade where I could spread out, read, and totally relax. I'm a bit of a collector so I was happy to wander at the edge of the water and search for tiny treasures. Soon enough, one woman noticed shells and beach glass spilling out of my hands and immediately insisted I take one of her electric mesh bags to stash my goodies. I was beyond grateful. I've been on the Eastern Prom for walks and picnics and lawn games in the past. It's always lovely. And now I know that even on the most sweltering days I can fly right over to the East End and find a perfect bit of shade beside the ocean.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,9/19/2014,41,159,1,4,5>Awesome!! Had the edamame, seaweed salad, toro roll, swordfish, marinated salmon, and scallop. Everything was amazing. But I personally loved the swordfish and seaweed salad. It was nice to have good quality sushi back in my life after living in dc. But also for a decent price! This is not cheap, but it's also not ridiculous and I think worthy every penny. Bill without alcohol came to about $80. Everything coming out around us also looked amazing. The service was also very organized and impressive. They seemed to have a really good system going on. Well done!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,9/8/2014,57,60,1,2,3>LOBSTAH LOBSTAH LOBSTAH!!! Need I say more?  This lobster joint is unique, delicious, and worth $16.75 for a lobster roll.  When you order one, don't expect it all to fit inside the divine and buttery toasted bun.....that's what I love about Red's!!  If a seafood restaurant doesn't hesitate to give more than enough lobster meat, then that's where I'm going.  Forget about long line you'll be joining because everyone in that line is just as hungry as you are for a lobster roll!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,9/7/2014,9,91,,2,3>Simone and I came to Riverfront BBQ in Augusta on a Friday night before a concert at about 5:30 and just barely beat the dinner crowd.  The first thing you may notice is that this BBQ joint is actually pretty clean and upscale looking ( it even has linen napkins). This is a little strange and not the kind of place you may except to serve BBQ... but the smell of smokey goodness coming from the kitchen is legit.  Wanting to get to our concert we were in a hurry to get started and thankfully the staff was quick and attentive. In no time we had our cold beers and were working on The Smoked Sausage and Bourbon mustard appetizer.  The portion of house smoked spicy sausage was just enough to feed two hungry people and when mixed with the sweet mustard and house made BBQ sauce this was an excellent starting choice. I made sure to save some of the mustard for my 2 meat BBQ platter entree.  For my meal I choose the two classics...Beef Brisket and Pulled Pork served over grilled cornbread. For my sides I went with BBQ Beans and Rice. Simone also choose a smaller portion of pulled pork with a side of slaw. Both dishes came with buttery crunchy pickle chips.  The cornbread was simply amazing. Moist and sweet and the size of Texas toast with a crunchy grilled exterior, it was the perfect bed to catch all the BBQ drippings.  The slaw was the classic creamy style, the beans were thick tomato BBQ based with chunks of the Burnt BBQ ends that added lots of flavor. They were both good, however the rice was forgettable. It was to starchy and had a heavy tomato paste flavor.  The meats of course is what we came here for and they did not disappoint. Both the brisket and pork were mildly seasoned so most of the flavor came from the natural local hardwood smoke. The pork was a bit better then the brisket in the flavor dept but both were moist and tender and very good.  We did not have dessert this trip as we had to be on our way, however there was a pecan pie on the menu that will be calling my name on my next visit. Overall this is a great choice for very good BBQ in central Maine. 4 stars.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,9/6/2014,49,62,1,5,4>Husband and wife team making it happen. Real deal here folks.. No cookie cutter everything is the same size stuff. This is like your momma (in this case, your dad) made it. Juices on your turnover bubbled out and your cookies big and yummy. They make baguettes, burger rolls, hot dog rolls, focaccia, prairie bread and lots of Danishes and turnovers. They are getting known which is good for them!  Just get there early for your best selection.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,9/5/2014,6,15,4,4,4>Well I don't know about the beaches in balmy North Dakota, but this beach, anchored by Prout's Neck on the southern end, is absolutely Maine's finest. If you don't like cold water, wait until midsummer, but if you love refreshing clean cool water, this is it! It's not built up, shack and bathrooms are not visible from the beach...you think you're secluded and away from it all. Parking is tight on summer weekends, but there is overflow parking across the street. Take your breath away gem. Please don't come.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,9/4/2014,5,36,3,1,2>What an awesome little place. Order at the bar and find yourself a seat at a high top, a booth, or just stay huddled at the bar to enjoy a single or several samplers of what beer enthusiasts call amazing beer. I for one am not a beer drinker but enjoyed some of the darker beers. My fiancée and friends from out of state couldn't get over how good the beers were.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,9/3/2014,11,16,,4,3>#1 or #2 are my favorites, but they are all extremely delicious. service is always fast and friendly. The BEST breakfast sandwiches in town, hands down! I'd take a picture...but um...it's already gone.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,9/2/2014,104,40,,4,3>There is something wonderful about a post beach ice cream. When your feet are bare & hair is still wet from an ocean swim, having an ice cream is the dream.I am unable to consume dairy, so this joy is not always available to me. However, whenever I have been skipping rocks at Fort Williams, wading at Crescent or diving into the waters at Scarborough Beach, I can count on Red's., because they always have one dairy free option. My highlights of summer have been when it is chocolate, vanilla or strawberry. But sad are the days are when it has been pineapple (which happens too often and for too long). No matter though, I have still enjoyed a blizzard, a sundae, or an ice cream cone of soft serve and work around the flavor I don't like! Red's is the perfect summer spot & I suggest you all give it a try! Always ask them to put eyes on your ice cream. It just makes it more fun.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,9/1/2014,70,177,3,5,4>A few weeks ago, the morning drive dolts on WEEI were joking about libraries and the last time any of them had been inside one. One of the hosts said the last time he had been in a library was 1978!! I guess I'm not surprised.I love libraries. I often wonder where would we be without libraries, but then again, not everyone is obviously into books/libraries like I am.Other reviewers have lamented the lack of parking nearby. I usually park on one of the side streets, or in the public garage across from the Public Market on days like yesterday, with torrential rain. That's one of the drawbacks, but not a substantial one, but I would "ding" my review slightly because of it.This is a beautiful library, in the heart of downtown. I am a big fan of the the Portland Room, which is invaluable for research and the staff (in particular, Abraham), are accommodating and always ready to assist.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,8/31/2014,67,81,1,5,2>I remember this used to be the Free Street Taverna. I'd walked by it many times over the years but never went in. However, relatively recently, the place was totally remodeled and renamed Dogfish. I'm not sure what it used to be like but it is really well laid out and modern now.The menu is relatively small as is the beer selection (that small selection is pretty good though!) but what they have is well thought out and covers most common food choices.I ended up ordering the basic burger. It turned out to be one of the best burgers I've had in a very long time! It came with potato salad and that was really good too.I found the experience very enjoyable and I plan on making this a regular lunch stop.I would give it 5 stars if they had more craft beers on tap and expanded the menu options a bit.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,8/30/2014,0,5,1,3,3>My wife and I are always pleased. The portions are large - I always leave some, but it is not diner food sized (thank goodness).Most lately, I had the pork with a great mango sauce. Super moist and tasty.My wife often gets the salmon - one of the best salmon preparations she has ever had.I often get the whitefish, which I love. Moist and flakey.The new cerviche is very flavorful with good crunch elements. Scallops and lobster. Yum.The signature truffle potato chips are always good.The atmosphere is welcoming. Despite great efforts to minimize noise, it remains a bit loud.The bar scene is often lively. Great. Rye selection, BTW.Wait staff is knowledgeable, efficient, courteous, and interactive. Nice.All in all, highly recommended.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,1/18/2014,46,78,,7,3>Blue seems to get skipped over when planning a night out and, while I can understand why (I'll get to this in a minute), it's also one of my favorite spots for a relaxing night.Blue hosts different local bands each night, with a focus on jazz, and occasionally holds ticketed shows. You can check their Facebook page for regular schedule updates. The atmosphere is relaxed, staff is friendly, and audience interaction with musicians is often encouraged. They offer local beers, a decent wine list, coffee, tea, and food. Overall, this is a great place that offers a cozy environment for listening to live music. Which brings me to the downside of Blue. Like I said, it's cozy. Cozy enough that if you're talking loudly over the band, you will be interrupting your neighbors. And sometimes the musicians. Blue is a great space to watch music, but not so much for catch up with old friends. Go for the performance and please don't be the person that everyone else in the room is forced to listen to all night.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,1/16/2014,7,8,2,3,4>There are few restaurants that surpass simply being a good restaurant.  Schulte and Herr is one of these places.  It is my favorite place in Portland and possibly anywhere, if feels as though it were made for me, there is nothing i would change except i would make it so it never closes.The look of it, the feel, and of course the food, which is the closest thing you can find to a home cooked meal in a restaurant. I find it very difficult to order anything other than the potato pancakes with lox but everything I've had is great.  The homemade bread is soooo good.  The staff is so sweet and they always make me feel welcome and comfortable and they don't tease me for ordering the same thing almost every time.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,1/15/2014,2,12,,3,2>Eventide offers a wide selection of locally sourced oysters at the raw bar, which looked enticing.  However, the oyster roll had been recommended as a must try, so...  It was amazing.  The little treat of perfectly fried oysters were wrapped in an Asian inspired roll that melts in your mouth.  I  tried the skate roll as well, also amazing.  The wait staff was friendly, the bartender fantastic. I look forward to a return visit for some delectable Maine oysters.  The only drawback is the seating.  Tall wooden barstools don't encourage lingering.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,1/14/2014,34,27,2,4,3>Fantastic!  This is a great little place for any lunch date - it's cute and whimsical.  We tried a couple of the items on their charcuterie board and the belgian fries with truffle ketchup.  When I had them, the fries were a bit mushy but the truffle ketchup made up for that.  We shared between two people and I'm pretty sure I had 1 tablespoon of ketchup per fry... The charcuterie and accompanying jars of jam and trinkets was amazing.  You can get pretty creative with all of the things you can balance on one piece of sliced baguette and fit into your mouth.Giving it 5 stars because I'm not sure where else I can get the same combo of atmosphere and food in Portland.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/13/2014,50,64,,4,4>Since the start of college in '02. (Jesus, that makes me seem old) I have been coming to Full Belly Deli. The deli has moved a few times, was told it was even in downtown Portland at one point but now firmly entrenched in a shopping mall. The place while not old, does carry a lot of charm. Old pictures of the owner and original menus and prices hang on the wall.  This place is the closet thing that Maine gets to a NYC Jewish deli! Some people on yelp complain of prices but unless you are are comparing this places to Kim's on St. John street (3 dollars for a sandwich) the sandwich prices are about average or at least Portland standard prices. The food is amazing! The Regal Ruben is a pile of corn beef or pastrami, and unless you are starving you will most likely not finish the entire thing. The potato pancakes are very flavorful and dense. The pirate sandwich (a steak like sub) is a solid pick. The pickles are so good. You will not find another pickle that is refreshing and with a solid snap. This is not a vegetarians paradise.  The service has always been good and quick. The counter staff can be very funny or very direct (those lines out the door can make that happen). Stop kvetching about the price and visit them. Forgot to add amazing onion rings!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/12/2014,439,349,4,11,5>Mm, tasty! Fortune Garden is perfect for a quick lunch or dinner take-out. I ordered the Broccoli Beef lunch special, and for under $10, I received a container full of steaming hot goodness! Lunch (and I think dinner) specials come with your choice of soup, entree of choice, fried rice, crab rangoons (2), and the obligatory fortune cookie. My favorite parts were the hot and sour soup & the fried rice. Compared to other hot and sour soups in town, this one is not loaded with cornstarch to the point of becoming thick and gooey. It's light and slightly refreshing, or at least as refreshing as a spicy soup can get. There were a variety of veggie/mushroom/tofu pieces in there which were nice too! I haven't had fried rice in a while, so this was a tasty reminder of home! The rice was actually really flavorful, and it didn't feel cheaply made or covered in msg.Although I can't say this was the best chinese food ever, I'm glad that I finally caved in and tried Fortune Garden after swearing off Chinese food in Portland for almost a year now. I had a wonderful experience with the lady working the counter when I asked for recommendations, and I'd definitely recommend this to anyone with a Chinese food craving! :)
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,1/11/2014,4,3,,8,5>My absolute FAVORITE place to eat in South Portland. Soups, salads, sandwiches, food by the pound, baked goods. Eat in or take out! And the espresso bar?! Such an added bonus!  I'm a vegetarian and they have lots of options for me. Owner Melissa Coriaty is a phenomenal chef!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,1/10/2014,36,27,3,7,8>I want to live in a world where family-owned businesses like Black Cat Coffee can thrive. Where a lawyer-and-prolific-poet can decide he doesn't want to lawyer anymore, and can then open a neighborhood coffeeshop alongside his smart-as-a-tack wife, and have their 10 year-old daughter advise on the details of decorating and the music. Where the proprietors bring in the very best of all Portland has to offer--in organic, locally-roasted coffee, gluten-free goodies, bagels, cupcakes, donuts, soups, etc.--just for the joy of the thing and the earnest belief that these are the best of the best, and then buy almond milk just because it makes someone happy. Where they put up their own screen door. Where the local high school's literary magazine hosts benefit concerts, and local students compete in a black cat art contest. Where the neighborhood embraces it from day one, as families with strollers and bicycles and dogs stop in to say "we've been waiting for someone like you! We're so glad you're here." Where two sixth graders say wisely, "Holy donuts, eh? Good choice. You'll be seeing a lot of us, I think." (Seriously. I heard all that adorableness.)I think the Portland I love IS that world. Go support Black Cat Coffee and prove me right.Of course, in order to finance that vision (especially off-peninsula), the coffee has to be a little pricier than I'd like--hence 4 out of 5 stars.***time passes***So, now that I'm several months older and wiser, a few things have become clear to me: 1) I have no idea how much things actually do/should cost, 2) I'm cheap for no good reason, and 3) I LOVE Black Cat. The owner once explained to me that a difference between one of their espresso beverages and a certain Seattle-based multinational chain is that Black Cat puts 3x more coffee in a drink. Talk about caffeinated bang for your buck.So I'm upgrading my rating to 5 stars, where it should be (but leaving the old review for authenticity ;))--and going back to my fantasy world where gas is $2/gallon.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,1/9/2014,68,106,2,7,3>I feel incredibly guilty as I type this review. I have driven by Port Grooming approximately... 2500 times (give or take a few hundred) since I moved to this area of Southern Maine a few years ago. We have cats, so we've never needed pet grooming services, and I just assumed the store must be a little pricey for cat food. (I saw the signs advertising Science Diet, which I absolutely refuse to feed a rat, so I was skeptical on what brands they'd even carry inside the store.) Please, don't make the same mistake I did. I have been buying my food at Pet Life in Mill Creek for a long time (they carry natural brands and have always been helpful, stocked, and willing to special-order for me) but they are currently under renovations after a nasty electrical fire in August (all animals are safe!). I passed by Port Grooming while on another errand, and I needed some more wet food, or I'd have 2 pairs of angry eyes glaring at me across the room all night... and I didn't want to drive across town to get it. So, I decided to give the place a chance and come in.The owner was extremely friendly, thanked me for coming in, told me a little about his store, and asked what I usually feed my furbabies. I told him Weruva is what I prefer, but there's a few other brands that I can work with, and to my delight, he actually had Weruva in stock. I opted to take the whole case, which is when he told me that if you buy a full case, they'll give a 10% discount on it. SCORE! While cashing out, he told me the before and after price (per can), and I was shocked that it was cheaper than other places (even before the discount). He told me they regularly keep up with their competitors' pricing and adjust to be on the cheaper side, and thanked me for buying local. I am kicking myself for not having come here earlier, but now that I know, I won't go elsewhere.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,1/8/2014,11,17,,4,3>Just had the best turkey club sandwich I've ever eaten! and it was at Big Sky. I'm not sure exactly how they made it so excellent? Maybe it was the delicious toasted English Muffin bread.I'm also a big fan of their sticky buns. Their bread is pretty good too, though honestly I usually go to Standard for bread & pastries. I will definitely come back to Big Sky for sandwiches! Or to enjoy a cup of tea & a pastry at one of the tables in the window. Nice spot to sit.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/11/2014,57,60,4,5,3>I really enjoy The Cheese Iron. Whenever I walk in there, I feel like I am in another country because of the aromas of the wine, cheese, and sandwiches.  My boyfriend and I had a housewarming party about 1.5 months ago and placed a catering order with The Cheese Iron.  Before doing so, we sampled a good amount of cheeses and shared their famous Cuban sandwich.  My word, it was succulent and worth every bite.  I for one am not a cheese connoisseur and I am glad that the man and woman (I always forget their names) helped immensely.  We ended up getting a cheese platter, sandwich platter, and wine.  I really really liked how they chose the wines that paired well with what we got because that would have been a disaster on my part! I'll definitely go back to get a bite to eat and sip one of their yummy sodas.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,5/10/2014,15,150,,3,2>My boyfriend didn't want to come here, since he'd had some bad dates here before, but I'm so glad I convinced him! We started with the steamed shumai, which were incredible. Put a little bit of the dipping sauce on one and pop it in your mouth and it's a perfect umami taste. He got the golden chicken (which was perfectly crispy, but too sweet for my preference) and I got the beef drunken noodle. The drunken noodle was spicy but excellent! We ended it with fried coconut ice cream; I had never had it before, and it was delicious! Overall a wonderful meal, and the service was excellent (especially since we were there after closing time and not made to feel rushed ).
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,5/9/2014,49,135,,6,2>We were staying at the White Barn Inn and I went for a walk - decided to skip the main street and walk down Port Road. SO happy because I found Fleurant. I could have spent 2 hours shopping - the most AMAZING selection of candles, bubble baths, toiletries, artisan jewelry and divine little plants and home goods. If I happened to be getting married in Kennebunkport I'd pick Fleurant as my florist in a heartbeat. I picked out a bunch of awesome stuff - some for me, some for guests - went to pay and realized that when I left my jacket in the inn (it was an unseasonably hot fall day) I'd left my credit card in my pocket. They were awesome and super understanding. I went back an hour later and not only was everything waiting for me but it was perfectly gift wrapped with little gift tags, ribbons etc. I'm seriously considering driving up to get ALL of my Christmas presents here. If you're in Kennebunk/Kennebunkport for a visit make sure to stop by - I'd be shocked if you didn't find at least one amazing/adorable thing you want to buy for yourself or as a gift.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/7/2014,5,39,,4,2>Delicious. We had two different veg curries, both were very different and to die for.  Portions look small, but they will fill you up solidly.  Rice OR naan included, which I love! Friendly enough, clean place.  Prices were very reasonable, especially for vegetarians.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,5/6/2014,4,6,,9,2>These guys are great! Brought my car in after the maintenance light came on and they checked it out said all it needed was for the light to be reset, and didn't charge me anything... I love an honest friendly auto shop and here it is!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,5/5/2014,1,9,,3,2>We were drawn in by the music on the street and the fun decor.  Upon walking in you are greeted by eclectic decor with great art and unique photos throughout. It was the food and service that will bring us back! Juls is a dime, absolutely awesome! The flatbreads: Reuben, Cuban, and New Yorker ... Full of flavor, very tastey and the perfect size. The cole slaw is minced and adds a smooth cool addition to the meal. For dessert: we got the sweet crepes; lemon&blueberry and Nutella - two very different tastes both thoroughly enjoyed by my kids. The bathrooms were clean as well as entertaining! Home Run!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,5/4/2014,5,3,,6,3>Sunday morning out to breakfast kind of day today. It was packed, but service was really quick. (You may get parked in if it is too busy but all you have to do is tell the cashier and they will let the person know to move their car.) As a first timer, this was concerning to me, but they were notified fast and I got out! :)Got the pancakes with a side of bacon and my boyfriend got the wharf special! Food was really great. The pancakes were soft with a little crisp on the outside. The bacon was too overcooked for my liking, but still good. I sampled a couple of my boyfriends home fries and they were delicious! Coffee refills were fast and often.One small downside was the cost of a tiny thing of real maple syrup... $1.75!!! Being a Vermonter, this was really disappointing and I wish I got more for that price! (Yes, I know how costly real maple syrup is!)Overall, welcoming place with great food! Will be back!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,5/3/2014,74,67,,3,2>Excellent work out facility very close to my work and home. Makes life easy. The place is clean and has plenty of equipment so that when it is busy there is always something to do. The front desk people are nice and friendly and they have a smoothie bar, which I have never tried. (I have yet to have a smoothie better than mine...haha). They have a nice batch of free weights, and machines as well as treadmills and elyptical machines. I would have given 5 stars but there was no sauna. This is a great thing for after a work out for me and has health benefits.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/1/2014,18,17,,5,3>My wife and I recently moved to Maine from California. After several fruitless attempts to find a good Mexican place, we had almost resigned ourselves to doing without. That is, until we found Taqueria Tequila!I got the torta ahogado. My wife opted for the enchiladas con mole. We threw in a fish taco and a carnitas taco for good measure. Everything was just like we remembered. It was so good, we got the flan to go.I can say, without a doubt, we have found our go-to Mexican place. It rivals the taquerias in California. And given the difficulty of finding the right ingredients out here, that's saying something. We can't say enough good things about Taqueria Tequila. If you're from away, give it a try for a little taste of home. You'll feel like you're in a small piece of Jalisco.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,4/30/2014,1,41,,7,3>Richard's restraunte is one of my wife's and my favorite places for a relaxing meal. Everytime we go it takes us back to our trips overseas to Germany. The ambiance is that of a quaint German restraunte, with a freindly and helpful staff.  We enjoy the stuff mushrooms as a appetizer, though the Caesar salad prepared at your table is fantastic.  We have never found a meal we didn't like.  If you are traveling in the area, looking for great food in an European setting you should visit Richards.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,7/30/2014,5,39,1,6,3>Absolutely our new go-to Mexican restaurant, and maybe just my new happy place.The people who work here are truly fantastic, and the atmosphere is incredibly pleasant- just the right light, comfy booths, plenty of room.... country and mexican playing in the background.  We have never felt more at ease in a restaurant, but it's not sloppy!  It's extremely clean and tidy, and you are served and taken care of as if you are eating somewhere much more 'upscale'.Appetizers: fresh chips and salsa provided- literally the best salsa I have ever had in my life.  Not the typical stuff you get most places, I'm pretty sure this is their own recipe.  It's roasted and chunkier, and heavy on the cilantro.  We also had the guac, and shrimp ceviche!  The ceviche really impressed me.  Frankly, just that they have it, let alone that it's very good, is pretty amazing for Mexican in Portland.Dinner:    We  had this fantastic cheesy shrimp + green pepper dish with rice and refritos.  We also had enchiladas, which where were so-so- but we don't eat meat, so this is always the case.  We need to just stop ordering enchiladas, they end up full of cheese and nothing else.  I can't wait to go back and try the tacos. Drinks: AMAZING.  Boozy coffee selection really stands out- I always look for these things, and never find them.  Served in a lovely glass with whipped cream!  Even so, the margaritas really steal the show.  I cannot abide tequila, but I couldn't help stealing sips of my boyfriend's jalapeno margarita. Really, really superb, and very unusual.    Extremely affordable! If you can go and just have an entree, downright cheap!  They have a ton of lunch specials that are about as cheap as lunch can be.Next time we go, we will sit at the bar. We were also told that it turns into a night club after the kitchen closes some nights...
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,7/29/2014,142,530,1,3,3>The staff is super friendly and the prices are moderate though a little bit higher than you'd anticipate for this sort of place.It's cozy, drinks are nice and potent and the menu has something for everyone. I was starving and couldn't even put a dent in my huge serving of gravy cheese fries. Being Cajun I hear they make a crazy good gumbo and hope to try it someday soon, maybe match it against my own.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,7/28/2014,31,11,,4,3>I was recommended to try this place from one of the servers who also works as a bartender at Liquid M2 and I finally got around to checking out. It was an absolutely wonderful experience! It's a little off the beaten path in Portland, located in a pretty residential area away from the typical restaurant areas, but still close enough to central Portland and south Portland not to be an out of the way trek. The ambience inside as well as outside of the restaurant is very chic but still quant and welcoming.  The staff there was extremely pleasant and added to the experience. The menu appears to be updated daily and includes a variety of fresh unique dishes. They also had a large drink menu which featured local beers as well as fresh an innovative spins on traditional cocktails. We started with one of our favorite local beers - Bissle Brothers Substance. For an appetizer we shared the Chicken Gnocchi which was amazing- full of flavor and very unique. We then had the Lobster roll and Seafood stew. The lobster roll was the best we had ever had, which says a lot for being native Mainers! It had a very distinguished taste which was a spin on your typical mayo and meat lobster roll. And the pieces celery and spices mixed in were a delightful added feature which made your taste buds explode. The final touch was the bun that is was served on which is a handmade potato roll and it was cooked to perfection!  The roll also came with hand cut French fries which were the cherry on top of a perfect meal. The seafood stew was more than I could ever have imagined.  A bowl of tomato based broth filled to the brim with whole mussels, oysters, fish, scallops. It was delicious and almost overwhelming in size.  The prices are on the upper end, but it is well worth it for the quality and quantity that you receive. My only complaint is that my soup spoon was too small haha :)
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,7/27/2014,3,34,3,3,3>Growing up with the almighty Philadelphia hoagie, I have had to adjust to the Portland-style Italian sandwich. In general, I am not a fan - the rolls are usually subpar, and the whole olive and green pepper thing reminds me of Subway.There are, however, a few that I have found enjoyable. Of these, George's reigns supreme. Though the style of roll is the same - squishy and a bit bland - the rolls seems just a little fresher and more flavorful. The cold cuts seem a cut above others I have had on an Italian sandwich, especially the turkey.  The sandwiches are well put together, so they don't fall apart or congeal into a paste-like texture midway through. And the price is really fair.I think my favorite aspect is the feel of the joint. It's clearly been there for years, unchanged and unaffected by interior design trends. It retains it's character, and feels like walking into 1977. That's not always a bad thing.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/26/2014,28,12,8,4,4>I have a bone to pick with you, El Corazonians.  I came to your little wayward truck for the first time two weeks ago, and I have a question.  A very serious question.  How the heck am I suppose to ever be able to order a fish burrito from any other establishment in the world, EVER, after this?  You've officially ruined them for me.  Well, at least as far as ordering them from someone else is concerned.  Because I know that no matter how hard they try, they will never match up to the pure deliciousness that is your fish burrito.  That they will never be able to infuse theirs with the same blissful glee that you pack into every tiny morsel.  What is your secret ingredient, El Corazon?  A sprinkle of babies laughter?  A dash of unicorn whiney?  A teaspoon of a sweet kitten's frolic?!   My mouth is watering just writing this.  Thanks a lot, El Corazon.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,7/25/2014,50,64,1,3,2>This is a former real golf spot that then became a disc golf location. The course is pretty well maintained and is a great price for 6 bucks. The play is fairly wide open with few tree hazards or obstacles to play around. The largest imposing issue is the rather large pond that can "swallow" your disc. The owners hire a scuba guy to come drag the discs out so write your name on the disc if you own it. You can rent here as well. Worse thing about this location is that it is the closest to Portland so it can get super crowded. Best to go early morning before the swarm. "Now huck it deep, bub! You might get a chance of ah good bid."  ( Maine-r with a downeast accent playing)
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/24/2014,15,31,3,4,2>Mackworth is a circular island in Casco Bay equidistant from Martin's Point in Portland and Mackworth Point in Falmouth; it is connected to mainland Falmouth by a half mile causeway. The island itself hosts a 1.5 mile walking trail around its circumference. At 20 min/mile, it could take a half hour to walk the full loop, but spend a full hour and explore.There are several beach access points, sturdy wooden bench swings with views, the fairy village, the school grounds, a pier... And be sure to check out Governor Percival Baxter's pet cemetery, where buried are his 13 Irish setters and his horse Jerry Roan (yes, his dogs are also individually mentioned, but i couldn't find all 13 names...) The cemetery is a lovely circular plot encased by an old rock wall with only one access point, much like the greater island around it (except rock wall::Casco Bay). Three grown conifers reside in the cemetery's confines, which are located a quarter way around the island, clockwise.Trailhead parking is limited to a small dirt lot for cars, and there are bike racks, but no biking, horses, or (skiing?) on the perimeter loop path. Just walking. Have fun!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,7/23/2014,52,78,1,1,1>I scream you scream if I don't get my mount desert ice cream. Best ice cream around. All original flavors to satisfy anyone. The Dude, a White Russian ice cream. Get it The dude, from The Big Lebowski. Salted caramel is amazing. I've had the flavor as a shake and could not stop drinking this savory combination. If you are strolling the Old Port and feel like a cold snack make your way over to this place, you and your taste buds will not regret it.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/22/2014,2,9,1,2,2>What a great little gem in Kittery, ME. We were meeting very old friends for dinner who had become newly engaged. We wanted to celebrate with a nice meal and wine list and we were happily rewarded. Scheduled for a Friday night and we were able to be seated early. The menu is fresh and creative. Started with a Pollock Ceviche and went onto a fried quail with corn pudding. My better half enjoyed a luscious short rib over very creamy risotto. Our friends equally shared in a hanger steak with homemade tater tots that had a bit of zing and a broiled salmon that was extremely delicious. We topped of the night with the exploration of caramel, an arrangement of 4 ways to enjoy caramel. Very creative with caramel brulee, a shake, crisp cookie drizzled in caramel and homemade caramel chew. The venue is charming and modern, the staff is very courteous and the ambiance was just right for the occasion. I would highly recommend the restaurant and look forward to going there again.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,7/21/2014,21,10,2,5,1>I am a huge fan of neighborhood (read: dive) bars. In general, if it's a small, cozy place that has a list of faithful regulars, I consider it a dive bar. No disrespect or derogatory intention; dive simply means a smallish, no frills establishment where people are on a first name basis with the bartenders, owners and other patrons.Both the owner and bartender were welcoming and friendly. I enjoyed the drinks (very well made), the atmosphere (the music was like a trip down memory lane and the volume of the room wasn't too loud, so I could converse with my friend). The prices were great. There is a small menu, though I did not order food. If you're looking for a friendly, relaxed place to grab a drink with friends without having to dress up or drop the contents of your wallet, Howie's is it.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,11/17/2014,21,9,2,6,4>This place is easily the best Asian market I've been in since I left San Francisco. The prices are inexpensive, the meat selection is vast, the produce is high quality and the array of spices, sauces and specialty ingredients is comprehensive. If they don't have it, you probably don't need it.The best part, though, is the take-out. The duck is, as the kidz say, the shiznit but the secret weapon here is the Banh Mi sandwich. You can choose from beef, pork or pork meatball and they are all amazing. The BBQ sauce is a savory blend, not too sweet, the vegetables are crisp and the French bread is light and crusty. $3.50 for a big ol' sandwich and you can't go wrong. I'll definitely be back. Five stars.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,11/16/2014,49,62,3,3,3>Love the old counter in the original part of the restaraunt.This place.. discovered after a spin class, I know right?.... we had parked in the lot next door and walked by on the way to Quest Spin on a Saturday morning.  I said "I've always wanted to try this place out" and after spin and not fueling my body properly for such a work out, walking back to the car and feeling my blood sugar dropping, I decided now was the time to stop and try it out.We were not dissapointed.  During nicer weather they have tables outside (which is where my spin instructor shortly busted me at).This is a diner, pure and simple.  Nothing overly fancy except maybe the cakes that are taller than the height of my head.  But they do breakfast right.  My favorite is the meatlover's omelet with bacon, sausage and ham, no cheese, with Italian bread and home fries.  I clean my plate every time and guess what.... not once have I had to send my food back because it came with cheese!   This is a total standard for us now when we want breakfast out.  It can be busy and you may have to wait, but in true diner sytle, those waitresses know what they are doing and take care of business quickly and efficiently.I love the new location and expansion they have done and I love the signature original diner car!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,11/15/2014,13,24,1,4,4>Aahhhh... Just what the doctor ordered! Tea house, foot soaks, and massage. The spa is unique, cozy, intimate, relaxing and just overall a fabulous little place! Prices are affordable, definitely worth every penny! Staff is professional, knowledgable, and very friendly! LOVE THIS PLACE, may need to make it a monthly ritual with my girls!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/14/2014,16,12,3,4,5>This is my favorite weekend location for either a quick lunch or a late night snack.  This restaurant is more of a "fast food" style place but with a friendlier and less processed (healthy is debatable) flare.  It is counter service with a few benches, but these probably would sit a total of maybe 12 adults.  I prefer to take my food to go and either walk around or hang out on the Prom in nice weather.  I absolutely love the tater tots.  While I have had them and love them plain, one of the best things to split between friends is one of their more doctored concoctions.  Currently, my friends and I have the early riser option as our favorite.  I have had multiple sandwiches and a few hot dog options here as well.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  The combinations are sometimes unusual, however, every time I have tried something new I have loved it.  There really have not ever been any misses for me (thus the five star rating).  The restaurant does change up its menu every once in a while, so don't expect to always get the same thing.  It is a little hidden, so many of my friends had not heard of it before.  Anytime I bring someone here, I always hear from them that they come back again and again and they love it!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2014,11/13/2014,186,11,6,4,8>Soooooooo, I have lived in the area for almost 9 years and have been by Don's lunch too many times to count.  I can't lie, when I did go by all of those times I kind of turned my nose up at seeing it because it just isn't the prettiest thing you ever saw, or is at the most enjoyable location to look at.Yep, there I go, NOT listening to my mom saying "Don't judge a book by it's cover".  The same damn information I try to ingrain into my own kids heads everyday.  Gahhhhh ~slap in face~Well, my husband was working near by and at the advice of a friend went over to the 'scary' burger place!He came home and told me it was the BEST burger EVER!  Hey, wait just a friggin second, I thought MINE was?????  Jerk!After 9 years of craving that perfect burger, kind of like that episode of How I Met Your Mother, you know the one...  I caved and tried it apprehensively. Should I end the story here????Oh alright.  HOLY SHIT, BEST BURGER EVER.  I found my red door burger joint.  I may never let another burger pass my lips again.  Yes world, not even my own!I just noticed they opened 1 minute ago, I have to goooooo...Only thing that I still turn my nose up at Don's Lunch for now is....  They are NOT open on Sundays..  What am I going to do?GO TO DON'S LUNCH, I promise you will love me for it!~K
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/12/2014,71,45,3,5,4>One of the best orchards I've EVER been to. The trip to New Gloucester is quick from Portland and beautiful (given the time of year and the stunning foliage). You pull into a decent sized parking lot, surrounded by rolling hills of beautifully manicured apple trees. I've NEVER seen this many trees at an apple orchard. The property itself is as amazing as any autumn, New England post card. Every year, apple picking is a necessary tradition. The bf knows that there will be no apple treats unless they're hand picked (teeeheee).  I was incredibly pleased that we were able to buy pumpkins there as well! I'm a very efficient apple picker; I don't like picking around groups that I know have probably man-handled most of the fruit, so we headed straight to the untouched corners of the orchard. We walked away with about 15 lbs of Cortlands, McIntosh, & Red Delicious. I've never picked Red Delicious before! While waiting to pay, we perused the freezer with homemade apple cider popsicles, fudge, cookies, apple cider baked beans, and more yummy goodies beyond belief. We indulged in a couple bites of the apple cider donuts with apple drizzle.... mmmmm, mmmmm, good!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,11/11/2014,68,106,1,6,5>Last Christmas, I stopped into the Scarborough Bull Moose in search of a gift for my teenybopperish mother (you can see that review here: yelp.com/biz/bull-moose- ). Well, it's almost a year later, and my mother FINALLY opened her Rick Springfield "collector's" item (it's just a DVD, mom, it didn't even come in fancy packaging!). To her horror, the movie failed to work in all 3 Blu-ray-capable players in her house. "No data found," it told her, over and over again. Being an outta statah, she asked where I had purchased the gift and proceeded to phone the Mill Creek location, just to ask if there was anything they could do to salvage her DVD if she brought it with her when she comes for a visit in November. She was completely BLOWN away by the customer service from the store manager, Mick. Not only did he handle the situation-at-hand (promising to send a replacement DVD with a return envelope for the one that wasn't working), he was polite and made her feel like a star customer when he didn't dismiss her or her inquiry.Way to go Bull Moose!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2014,11/10/2014,70,177,2,7,6>After a particularly tough day filled with family dynamics, and then, trying to make my way through city bureaucratic mumbo-jumbo for an article I've been working on for too long, I just wanted a bar where I could walk in, feel at home, have a few beers and then, head for home.The Snug seemed just far enough out of downtown to not be trendy, and not far enough up the hill to be afflicted by foodies and hipsters.I'd read the reviews and knew about Michelle. The Snug's resident bartender is a sort of legend in Portland town.Given my shitty day, I figured I'd walk in, hate it, and find out that Michelle was just another overrated pseudo-celebrity in a town crawling with these types.Fortunately, it was the former for me.There were two people at the bar when I walked in. I knew immediately my bartender was Michelle, but I asked. She said, "who the hell wants to know." I told her my story and she laughed and downplayed being voted "best bartender" in the poll conducted by The Phoenix.I felt at home and before I left, I'd made a couple of great acquaintances just sitting, sharing beers and talking about life.I even got to experience a celebrity sighting, or at least, a "pseudo-celebrity" sighting just before leaving The Snug.I've never had a favorite bar in Portland, although there are a few I like. I think The Snug is my new go-to bar when in town and wanting to wet my whistle.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,11/9/2014,46,78,,3,3>I have to admit, I was skeptical of this place at first. For a while, I was wrongfully under the assumption that most of their broths were made with animal-based stock and so I kept my distance. After reading reviews that said they do, in fact, cater to vegetarians (and are super friendly about it, no less!) I was all in to check it out.Our first visit was with a group of ten people, less than an hour before they closed. They energetically squeezed tables together for us and were more than happy to keep our checks separate. And - as far as I know - everyone got what they ordered without any sort of mix ups.My order consisted of crab rangoon and red curry. The rangoon were easily a group favorite, with a more generous ratio of "crab" to cream cheese than you'll typically find in the flaky pockets. My curry tasted just like the ones we whip up at home with those tins of curry paste, which wasn't a bad thing, but I was hoping to really be wowed.The second time I stopped by I asked about what made some of the soups not vegetarian (I'm pescatarian, so okay with fish sauce) and was informed that that was indeed the only ingredient that didn't warrant the little green bowl next to the title. But, as our friendly server informed me, they can actually make most of their dishes without fish sauce (I THINK that included tom yum, tom kha, tom kha green tea, and both of the curries - but double check when you go!). I don't think we'd learned this on our first visit so I was blown away that nearly every soup they offered could be made vegetarian - at a place I took so long to visit because I was convinced they were lacking in vegetarian options!Our meal cost $20. For 2 people. And we weren't left hungry. The dessert and beer we enjoyed at our next stop were more expensive than dinner.Be warned, you will be subjected to non-stop 90's music. Which, in all likeliness, you will want to sing along to. Go for it. In fact, this shouldn't be a warning. It's more like an added bonus.Both times, the food was great and the service was awesome. Go here for quick, quality comfort food that won't leave you wanting more (and if you do, just get another bowl - they're only $5).
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2014,11/8/2014,25,77,6,5,5>I've been here twice, and both times were great. It's a small darkly-lit place with a quirky yet classy feel to it - like they went to the garage sale put on by the wealthiest family in your town and bought a bunch of random items repurposed as decorations. At first I was creeped out by all the rooster statues lurking above the bar - but then I grew to love them. And you will, too.Get any one of the pressed sandwiches - you won't regret it. I've tried three, if you count the portion I sampled from my friend during my first visit. All top notch and delicious. Otherwise the menu seems to have a good selection of restaurant/bar food and a cheese plate that I didn't quite understand. I highly recommend getting the Old Fashioned, if the amicable and chatty bartender who looks like Skeet Ulrich is working. They were among the best I've ever had.  They have a full menu of signature cocktails that I would be happy to try on subsequent visits.During my first visit, my friend and I were sitting at the bar next to the owner. It's really interesting when you hear the thought that goes into a restaurant concept. Everything from the decor to the menu choices to the swizzle straw colors. He's fascinating - and also owns the new steak restaurant Timber.Before you leave, make sure to check out the bathrooms. They have a wide assortment of hilarious old timey serious-looking portraits with funny superlatives assigned. Definitely entertaining when you're doing your business.  The only thing preventing me from becoming a regular is that the food and cocktails are a bit pricy - but that's only because I'm a cheap bastard. I'll probably still show up once a month for an Old Fashioned and a pressed sandwich.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/20/2014,68,106,5,6,6>A few weeks ago, another Yelper checked in at Anthony's Kitchen. It instantly reminded me of years past when I worked closer and visited regularly. My mouth began watering at the thought of their oh-so-delicious chicken parmigiana calzone. I could taste it, and I wanted it, badly.That's the power of Anthony's Kitchen... years after your last bite, the mere mention of the place sends you on a quest across Portland in the rain for its deliciousness. Anthony and his staff are super sweet, helpful, and light-hearted. You can feel the happiness when you walk in and chat with them for a few minutes before your meal arrives (and yes, my chicken parm tasted exactly as I remembered).I absolutely love this spot, and I don't know whether I should thank or strangle the yelper-who-checked-in. He helped me rediscover an old haunt---but now I crave more from the kitchen across town!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/19/2014,1,4,,4,4>The owner knows everyone. He greets as you come in the door! He has every title you can think of, new and old. He also has video games! And prices are cheap! To rent a movie it's $1.99 and then he has this special on Mondays where it's buy 2 get 1 free which turns to the prices being $1.33 for each DVD you rented. Also, EAT THE ICE CREAM SUNDAES! This place is great for kids as well. And there's a little dining area if you feel like eating your ice cream there. :)
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,3/18/2014,4,7,,7,3>It's hard not to love Q Street. Maybe it's the off-the-beaten-path characteristic, maybe it's the delicious food, maybe it's the super friendly and chill service.  I would say it's a combination of all these things as well as the fact that they nail the diner persona.  Q street has a very happy and casual atmosphere.  It's welcoming, unpretentious, and on top of that serve up some delicious food with great prices. The fact that it is away from the foodie scene of Portland which, as wonderful as it is can sometimes feel overdone and expensive, is definitely a plus for me.  Their lunch is equally as good as their breakfast... the cheeseburger is a FEAST! Q Street is a solid diner where you will be a very happy camper if you are looking for tasty grub and a laid back meal. Q Street is cash only- but they do have an ATM inside. My recommendation: The veggie scramble with hot chocolate and a side of bacon.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,3/17/2014,6,7,,5,3>Patient and knowledgable staff review how you walk and find the best show for you! Very helpful! I won't go anywhere else for a running shoes again. They even have a great exchange policy if you're not satisfied with your purchase.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,3/16/2014,36,98,,4,4>I don't eat meat and I liked this place. I went there for Sunday lunch with my husband and son. They have a good selection of beers and cocktails. I ordered a Bloody Mary and my husband got an allagash white. The Bloody Mary was flavorful but I like them to have a lot of stuff in them and all it came with was an olive, a lime slice, and a lemon slice. It would have been better with some celery, pickled green beans, and a carrot. Something more. Now for the food. I ordered a black bean burger with pickled cherry peppers and pepper jack cheese. So delicious. I love a good veggie burger! My husband ordered some sort of meat combo plate with sausage and ribs. It came with cornbread and two side dishes. He seemed to enjoy everything because there was very little left. They have two BBQ sauces on the table. I hate BBQ sauce. Next to mayonnaise, it's my least favorite condiment. So I was hesitant when my husband told me to try the mustard BBQ sauce. I tried a tiny squeeze on the greens on my burger. It was so delicious! Tasted like a sweet and tangy honey mustard and I ended up dressing my greens with it. Yum! The service was fine. Our server was pleasant and friendly. The food came out quickly and she checked in with us several times to see how we were doing. I've read the other reviews and I don't think this place deserves three stars, that's a little harsh yelpers. One thing that I've noticed about portland is that everyone seems to be looking for a deal. It's slightly annoying. "Specials" at a restaurant generally mean that they have an abundance of a product that they are looking to get rid of. That's not what I look for at a restaurant. I also don't complain about the cost of drinks. If you want to drink on the cheap, drink at home or hit up a dive bar. This is a business that will only stay in business by making money. They contribute to the economy so don't cheap out and get upset by a $5 beer, it's pathetic. Overall a good experience and we will be back. It's got a good vibe, cool decor, and solid food.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,3/15/2014,21,17,,5,3>Sapporo is the best affordable sushi place I've found so far after 10 months living in Portland. We started off with hamachi kama which was the grilled yellowtail neck. It's my favorite appetizer. We probably got lucky to have a huge neck filled of fresh and tasty meat.(or it might be a regular portion they serve here.) We had sushi lunch, maki lunch and sashimi lunch. I know they sounded pretty boring but anyway fresh and tasty. Then, we had some a la carte sushi: tamago, saba and amaebi... all of them came bigger and nicer than the sushi lunch. Saba and amaebi were delicious. At the end, the bill was about $50 something for three of us...not bad at all.Overall, It was a sophisticated meal. I'll probably come back soon.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/14/2014,12,37,,4,3>Went for the first time yesterday, without an appointment. Wanted a cut from a real barber, and from a lot of things I'd read, this was the place to go. Cliff was able to squeeze me in and, despite being busy, really took his time and gave me the best cut I've had in years. Lined up my beard along my cheeks, trimmed the eyebrows, finished with a hot shave of the back of my neck. Cliff was friendly and funny. This is definitely my new joint.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,3/13/2014,34,13,,6,4>This is my go to place whenever I need a card or quirky gift for someone, or a treat for myself! They carry handmade crafts from local merchants and also a wonderfully curated collection of vintage goodies. The staff is made up of a group of cool hip portlanders who are friendly and eager to help. If you haven't been in yet, you should pop in and check it out!! Treat yourself!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,3/12/2014,104,40,,8,5>There are two reasons why I love this place. One is that I am a huge fan of mango salsa. The other is that I am a huge fan of margaritas. So this place covers both my needs.I like the Blue Burrito because it is a great place to go with a co-worker or meet up with a friend after work when not wanting a bar setting. The food is quite yummy & they always something on draft that I like a lot. How could anyone go wrong having a beer/margarita with some great tasting guacamole? It is really worth exploring the appetizer menu.  When I go here for lunches, I am a big fan of the Super Gourmet (I get it without cheese). Such a delicious meal! At night I prefer to get the burrito that has the sweet potato in it.I noticed a few reviews commenting on the service. All I can say to that is every time I have gone; I have been very well taken care of. I never wait long for my food, drink, or check. And I have been there when it was quite busy. I always feel that the staff is so willing to answer any questions of have. Not to mention that if I say dairy is a real concern, they will even double check with the kitchen for me. They never act like it is a pain & my food is dairy free! One time on a take out order I did get cheese on my taco, however finding a place that has not done that to me at some point is rare. And it was an honest human error and who does not make those? And they were very good about quickly remedying that for me & it has never happened again. If you are dining in Westbrook, check this place out!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,3/11/2014,140,379,1,9,6>Wow, wow, wow!! No yoga snobs here! Loved the friendly welcome, the bright and sunny studio, clean wood floors and just the right amount of heat! Coming from the world of Bikram, where instructors often act like gods, it was a nice change of pace to have the staff introduce themselves and really make sure that I was comfortable. The class itself was my favorite yoga class thus far. It was fast paced, creative in the flow, combined challenging positions with periods to recover (resting recovery that is), and most of all I liked that there were not minutes and minutes of holding the same pose. My heart rate got up there, I was challenged and the time flew by (the true sign of a great class). The instructor, Kristy, was encouraging, had excellent cueing and walked around the room to make sure that all students had the guidance that they needed. The lobby is large and there are plenty of places for shoes, coats & bags. The studio is bright and inviting with soft yellows and sunbursts on the walls and soft music in the background. From the feel of it I would say the room runs around 85ish, but I am not sure. It was hot, but a comfortable hot, like laying out by the pool on a sunny summer day (can you tell I am over winter?).Best part, $10 drop in classes, $59 newcomer special for 30 days of unlimited classes and various other affordable package options after your first 30 days. And you can sign up for both your package and classes online - super easy! No excuse not to give them a try.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/27/2014,139,16,1,11,7>I will start by saying that I have needed to review this amazing place for weeks!  Since moving to the area I have been a bit underwhelmed by the "good" breakfast places.  After living in the Portland area for such a long time I have become spoiled and well versed in amazing brunch selections.  Needless to say New Moon has successfully filled this void.The bright yellow building is hard to miss and as soon as you step into the door it is overly welcoming.  The interior of the restaurant changes seasonally and has an "at home" welcoming feel.  As you walk in you are welcomed by a very friendly and welcoming staff!  Not only can you watch them smile and chit chat with regulars and newcomers alike, but watching their teamwork to keep the whole restaurant flowing smoothing, is not only amazing, but reassuring.  Although it isn't a big restaurant and is usually busy, I have never waited longer than 10 minutes for a table!  This might change as the popularity of it grows, but for now, it's nice not to wait a long time for a great breakfast!If you do go, and I highly suggest you do, please get the pancakes!  I don't know what they do at this establishment but I have decided to refer to them as "crack-cakes" because they are overly addicting and sooo fluffy!  For some reason they always have this light burnt sugar crust around the outside that just takes a simple, everyday pancake, to new heights!  I will say, I am not overly fancy with my breakfast.  I usually want a plate that has an egg or two (with some hollandaise on the side), some homefries, a piece of toast (for the eggs) and a pancake.  All that I have ordered here has been fabulous!  The eggs are always cooked exactly how I want them, the white toast they have is fresh, and buttery and their homefries are great!  They have everything from omelets, to benedicts, to crepes, to fresh muffins, to biscuits and gravy and even a Bellini or Bloody Mary if you wish!  All I can say is Thank You to New Moon for being another "Go-To" place within the area!!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,2/26/2014,142,530,4,11,5>Yes, this is in an old (and historic!) building. As a matter of fact, the building is the site of America's first chewing gum factory. It's no frills and the staff here is quick to point out that the old, un-remodeled site, which it's dark, creaky stairs and bare, ancient brick walls, are kept that way for a reason, not least of which is that the owner is likely cheap. Still, they seem proud of the fact it's an old building and that they keep it that way because they can keep prices low and draw in more customers.Aesthetics aside, the staff was friendly and helpful, about what you'd expect for a furniture store. Lots of the hokey furnishings you'd see at any discount retailer, but there are also some very well made furniture pieces from reputable, high-end furniture makers, most of those items being American made which was important to us.We did a special order, a more expensive top-grain leather and were promised the sofa by the end of December. Not bad considering the ordeal we'd just spent with another local, less-than-honest furniture store. You get what you pay for and at this place, there seems to be something for everyone; less expensive, bargain furniture, moderately priced more contemporary items and the more expensive, larger pieces like sofas and chaise loungers.Don't let the old building fool you. If you're on the hunt for furnishings, you owe it to yourself to at least check them out.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,2/25/2014,16,28,,6,3>I will definitely be returning here. Part of the store is dedicated to microbrews, wine and champagne. They sell a lot of my missed west coast favorites like Old Rasputin and Brother Thelonius and Rogue. They even sell an alcoholic ginger beer which I'm super excited to try! The other part of the store is a sandwich shop. The bagels are fresh and the prices are right. I got the smoked salmon sandwich for $6.50. A sprinkling of carmelized onions on top was a nice touch. They sell coffee by design coffee. While there is some seating inside, and a few benches outside, it's probably better as a swing-by-and-take-home establishment. Loved it, one of my new favorite places in Portland.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/24/2014,209,1125,3,5,6>I first heard about Rabelais a few years ago and it was here on Yelp.  Rabelais was frequently the highest rated business in the area and I thought it was a pretty amazing feat for a bookstore that was open just one day a week and sold books on just one subject.  The store is actually in the building next to my studio and I finally got a chance to check it out and see what all the fuss was about today.Oh god.  Now I understand and I'm a convert.  Rabelais might just have every book ever written on food, cooking, drinking, or any combination of the above.  Looking for a book about apples that some guy has eaten?  Want to check out the fungus section?  African cooking?  Whiskey distilling?  Nothing to it.Did you want a new or used book?  In English or another language?  Maybe a rare book from the display case or a framed copy of an old menu from a restaurant in Paris?  It's insane how far a simple theme can go.And that's why Rabelais is a five star business.  This is obviously not a big corporate endeavor.  This is what happens when someone loves a particular thing, takes it as far as it can go, and has enough customers that it turns from a dream into a viable business.The location is amazing too, and not just because I can walk there in about a minute.  This location is within walking distance of the Saco, ME train station on the line from Boston to Portland.  If you want to make a day trip out of it, come on up.  And then maybe grab a bowl of Pho or some sushi while you're in downtown Biddeford.  Do you have a friend who's into vinyl LPs?  Bring them along, there's a store for that too just down the street.I have to go back because my head exploded from the sensory overload on my first visit and I'll be better prepared next time.  Now you'll have to excuse me, I'm going to go cook something.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,2/23/2014,39,209,,6,6>Don't judge a book by its cover.  Yes, this place does look a little bit rundown, but it adds to that hole-in-the-wall feel and they have some pretty awesome food. Great place to grab a quick bite to eat.  Tasty, freshly made, large sandwiches.  A few different rotating hot dish casseroles that are also quite good.I'm usually not a fan of meals without meat...but try the falafel roll-up.  It has awesome falafels, fried eggplant, vegetables, and a tasty tahini sauce.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/22/2014,10,56,,4,2>I adore their brewery shop in Bates Mill.  It's gorgeous and open reasonable hours for you to stop in to grab some booze or branded clothing items.   The brewery tour even ends with a sampling of their regular beers -- free!  I have become a hardcore Baxter beer fan since the wonderful tour and great staff.   I think a Baxter restaurant and BrewPub is in order, I would be the first in line.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,2/21/2014,57,60,,5,5>This beach is lovely even in the winter time.  I really love that it's clean and scenic.  My boyfriend and I took a long walk on this beach and it's so refreshing when that artic air hits you.  It's really a breath of fresh air and a great workout.  There are colorful pebbles and cool rocks as you walk on this beach.  I can't wait for summer because I have a feeling I'll be there lots and lots!  Take a walk in the winter time and wear rain boots!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,2/20/2014,5,15,1,6,6>Our tour guide made the ride from one brewery to the next as enjoyable as the stops, filled with fun brewing history and information. The bus was clean and comfortable. 14 people got on the bus as strangers and bonded quickly over beers and brew tales. This really seemed like the kind of adventure you could do again and again. Can't wait to go back and share the Maine Beer Tour experience with others. The one downside was that, as someone who is perpetually early, the lack of signage to be sure I was in the right place made me a bit nervous that I was where I was suppose to be to catch the bus.  We hung out in front of the Portland Lobster Co. For a few minutes before others arrived to reassure us we were in the right spot.Overall, this was a fantastic adventure for this beer lover. I learned new things about breweries I thought I knew everything about and was introduced to Bunker Brews and Ice Tea Mead. We'll be back.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/19/2014,8,37,3,5,5>WARNING: Highly addictive. The donuts are amazing, the twists are my favorite they seriously melt in your mouth. Just as a tip they only take cash or check but when I had neither they gave me my order on the honor system. I was able to get my breakfast and come back and pay. I always make sure I have cash on me when I need my donut fix because after a Frosty's you will never eat a Dunkin again. P.S. I love that the new owners kept the retro style inside.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,2/18/2014,294,210,2,7,4>Are you Filipino and looking for some banana ketchup for that spaghetti you're making? You've come to the right place! The question of whether a Filipino (like myself) is either an Islander or Asian is one that I can't seem to answer. While my brown skin is darker than my friends who I consider "true" Asians - i.e. cute small eyes, paler skin, and full of traditions & great food - I do put myself into the category of an Asian. Now, what does this have to do with Veranda? Well... this is the first Asian market in Portland that I have found my Mang Tomas sauce for my lechon ("pig"), my Jufran brand sweet banana ketchup and other various Filipino products. Noteworthy mentions: - Produce: Cheap! I love getting the bok choy and other greens. - Ramen: Too many to choose from. I try different ones to see which I like the most.- Take-Out: Pretty decent prices with decent sizes. Their food here tastes better than the Veranda Thai restaurant on Washington. I come here for pretty much all my Asian needs. Location & parking are convenient. Prices are reasonable for a graduate student. Service is friendly and quick.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/27/2014,7,6,1,3,3>As others have mentioned it is a little off the beaten path.  This is a pleasant little spot.  I ordered a combination goulash/ potato pancake based on the owner's suggestion.  The pancakes were nicely crisped to a dark golden brown color and seasoned very well.  The goulash was very similar to a beef stew in consistency with very tender cubes of beef and red bell pepper strips. The goulash was served over the pancakes like a sauce.  Perfectly satisfying. Check the freezers before you go for pierogi and kielbasa.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2014,11/26/2014,11,6,2,8,7>When I saw that a new restaurant had opened just a block from my house bearing the name "Bao Bao", I was thrilled. Primarily for the promise of more food in close proximity to me, but also for the reference to bao, my favorite food group. Bao, if you haven't been acquainted, is any sort of filled, steamed bun. These little treasures can vary in contents, from chicken to pork, to the occasional tofu. Their outer layer can be a thin and chewy dumpling or a pillowy-soft, cha sui bao (pork bun) texture. As a raging fan of all bao types, I was excited to discover what I might find on the menu at Bao Bao. We visited on the first Friday of November, after perusing the art walk in town. The windows were all steamed up, hiding the wall-to-wall busy-ness inside. We gave our name, went home to take the dog out and returned 5 minutes later to find a perfect little table with our name on it. Upon first glance at the menu, I was pleased by the limited options, but slightly dismayed by the fact that there were no cha sui bao style buns, only dumplings. Now don't get me wrong, I love dumplings, but I always get really excited by the prospect of the memory foam-esque texture of bao that is served in town at places like Empire and Pai Men. With all that said, I was completely on board with a feast of dumplings.Our server was sweet and immediately brought me tea, and a sake-tini for my partner. Both were perfect and thirst-quenching. There were four options on the appetizer section of the menu, all of which sounded promising. We opted for the peanuts which had been soaked in black vinegar, then co-mingled with garlic, cilantro, and possibly some fish sauce,( although I can't vouch for that.) Anyway, they were delicious, but entirely too slippery to pick up with chopsticks. This challenge made a fun little game as we waited for the 4 varieties of dumplings we ordered; the Kung Pao chicken, cashew chicken, tofu, and steamed hake. When the dumplings arrived we couldn't hear the server tell us which were which over the roar of our hungry bellies. That made each bite a fun surprise as we tasted our way through the total of 24 dumplings on our table. The steamed hake arrived in a traditional dumpling steamer box, and with ribbon cut wrappers, each looked like a tiny bird's nest filled with a distinctive, lightly sweet center. These were lovely. The kung pao boasted a bit of a spicy kick, having the most pre-sauced flavor of the bunch. The cashew chicken was just that, chicken and cashews with herbs. They were mild and yummy, with a sweet dipping sauce (the dipping sauce was stellar and I felt a similar sauce pairing should have come with each dumpling type). Lastly, the tofu was very tasty, soft and mild, with tasty herby notes. We couldn't finish all our dumplings, and still have 4 different varieties which we haven't tried, but plan to on our next visit. Any kind of restaurant could have opened next door, but we are both thrilled it was this one. My only suggestions would be to add some pork buns, duck buns etc. to the menu to round off the bao category, and come up with sauce pairings for each variety of dumpling on the menu. These factors are the only reason I excluded a star. Otherwise, this place shows so much potential and my partner and I will look forward to returning.... like every night.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,11/25/2014,14,88,1,4,4>So it seems that I've become some sort of hair salon review pro thanks to Yelp. I'm really not a vain person and I care about many other things much more than my hair, but dang people, good hair is important! So I am thrilled to have found Sophie at Dathan Hunter. I found Sophie on a vague tip from someone I didn't know, whose hair I had never seen. There were no prices on the salon's website. I was nervous... what if I get there and it's a wreck and super expensive??? (Sorry but I usually tend toward pessimism based on previous experiences). I'm happy to say that my fears were absolutely unwarrented!! Sophie was incredible. She foiled the heck out of my hair to get the best result and gave me a great cut. She was patient and really knowledgeable which is incredibly important to me. Best of all, she's super outdoorsy in her life away from the salon so we had a ton to talk about. I was just super impressed all around. The salon is lovely and in a great location too. Prices are reasonable. Go to Dathan Hunter, see Sophie, be happy and have pretty hair!!!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,11/24/2014,2,5,2,5,6>Outliers offers one of the best brunches in Portland.  The restaurant is very hip and modern, with a gorgeous view of Portland harbor.  And the staff is always welcoming and attentive without hovering.   On our latest trip, we started with homemade donut holes.  They came on a small plate adorned with fresh strawberries, blackberries, and a petite pansy on top.  We then shared a bialy, accompanied by airy whipped cream cheese, smoked salmon, and an assortment of crisp vegetables. For the grand finale, I selected the strawberry and watermelon salad. Served with fresh greens, candied pecans and goat cheese, it was a delicious foil to my pre-entree carb-frenzy. Not wanting my dining partner to drink alone, I indulged in a "boozy coffee" (actual name on the menu), consisting of coffee, Jameson's, Bailey's, and God knows what else.  It was just what the doctor ordered!  If you haven't tried Outliers Eatery for brunch yet, you're really missing out!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,11/23/2014,26,54,1,4,5>I was in the old port on a mission for a metal strainer, and Leroux Kitchen was recommended to be by another business when they did not carry them. My first thought was "oh, that expensive, fancy, touristy kitchen store?" but figured I'd give it a shot...Boy was I wrong! I am so upset that I have passed by this fantastic store so many times on my own assumption that it was an over-priced tourist trap. The store was warm, inviting, moderately-priced, and amazingly-stocked. I love to cook and was so excited to see their great selection of kitchen gadgets. I definitely found my metal strainer and also left with a heart-shaped cookie cutter. Le Roux has everything you could ever want for your kitchen; including silicone baking sheets, interesting cookie cutters (including Maine-themed), every type of whisk, tarte dishes, specialty food-dyes, mixers, locally made sauces, knives, dutch ovens, cocktail mixers, fish-shaped vases, and great salt and pepper mills. I need a blender, I think I'll be back soon. Oh, and did I mention the Olive Oils and Vinegar tasting bar? Amazing. Also, good selection of chilled wine, coffee, chocolates, and candies. I could barely take it all in! I know where I will be doing my Christmas shopping this year.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/22/2014,6,3,4,5,3>We traveled 50 minutes from our summer home in West Sumner for breakfast, and it was worth it! The raspberry muffin was to die for, easily the best this 63 year old guy has ever had. The Western omelet was smaller than I am accustomed to, but plenty to eat, and made from quality ingredients. My wife complimented her corned beef hash, noting an interesting and unaccustomed spiciness.  Nice!  Our wait person was very pleasant and efficient, and the coffee mugs were interesting enough that we bought a pair. Cost of breakfast was very modest, about $20 for two, including tip. The Little Red Hen and Cafe Nomad ( in Norway) are easily the best places for breakfast in the Oxford Hills
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,11/21/2014,1,21,3,14,5>As a south Indian guy who LOVES Indian food, I have to say that the food at Taj is the best I've had in the Portland area. The dishes are very authentic and taste like home. The owners are a family from south India and they work 7 days a week all day long. They have two sons that are in the front and do a good job of serving quickly and explaining the dishes.  The brunches are very tasty and there is a lot of variety of dishes. You can't go wrong with Taj and I go there as often as possible. FYI, try the indian coffee (it's with milk and sugar mixed in and is phenomenal).
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,11/20/2014,1,39,3,5,5>Best Indian food ever.The Good: The food! BEST INDIAN FOOD EVER. The atmosphere! Chef Raj!the Food--Amazing & delicious everything. Several different kinds of naan--try the one with coconut, fruit and nuts, it's incredible. I also love the garlic naan! The fried spinach pakoras were delicious, light and crunchy and flavorful, as was the fried okra. They spice everything so it's more than just fried veggies, it's delicious. The mussels are amazing, the paneer is incredible,  aloo gobi is awesome (and vegan and gluten-free). The pappadams (Indian lentil & rice crispbreads) are crispy and light, and all their dipping sauces are super tasty (pappadams comes with one mint & cilantro sauce, one tangy, sweet dark soylike sauce). Lots of veggie options (7 vegetarian entrees!!) and gluten-free fare, as well as beef, shrimp, chicken, pork, lamb and even goat --my boyfriend gets the goat curry and he loves it.They also have a great lunch deal -- daal, Indian flatbread (not naan but similar) and 2 curries, $7 for the veggie version, I think $8 or $9 for meat. Chef Raj--Raj the owner/chef is often in the dining room or at the bar talking to customers -- he's super nice, personable and a great chef. The first night we went we met him then watched him receive a round of applause by a group of 20 older folks after their meal, pretty cool! They've been open six years and Travel and Leisure magazine named Tulsi as one of the "Best Indian Restaurants in the U.S." in April 2014. We can see why!!!We like sitting at the bar, they have a decent beer list, wine and a full bar with a special cocktail menu as well as traditional mango lassi.Atmosphere---I'm used to Indian restaurants being slightly...dingy/dark/older....was pleasantly surprised to find the decor at Tulsi is modern, bright, and colorful, and clean. Great atmosphere , puts other Indian restaurants to shame!The Bad: Prepare to be ignored when you walk in!!!! We bypass this problem by heading straight for the bar, but then we have to wait a while to get greeted, get menus, get waters, and get drinks. But at least we're seated, then we watch as everyone walks in and stands awkwardly in the doorway waiting to be greeted. Literally every time we go (every week, I'm addicted!) we watch a potential customer leave after being unnoticed. Greeting is definitely their biggest problem, and it's not that hard, and it's the guests' first impression, so it's very important!!Anyway, be patient, the service may be slow but the food is fast and so worth it!The Food: Best Indian food ever. I've eaten at lots of Indian restaurants and none came close to the quality and attention to flavor as Tulsi. The flavors are different from what I'm used to in Indian food -- we were told that's because Raj is from northern India and his culinary training is classic French, and his cooks are from southern India. The flavors are incredible and everything is attentively spiced. Everything we've had on the menu (which is a lot!) has been absolutely delicious as well as reasonably priced. I adore the palak paneer (it's not overly creamy, and their paneer is best I've ever had) and the aloo gobi matar, both vegetarian, and we always get naan and pappadams. Their only dessert most days is rice pudding -- it's incredible, try it!! It's light and floral with delicate hints of rose, cardamom and vanilla. Never had anything like it. You can get anything spiced mild, medium, or spicy, and I order everyhing "extra saucy" as well!The Service:Again, be prepared to be ignored at first!!! Takes a while to be noticed/greeted. Overall: Amazing, wonderful, flavorful, classy Indian food with tons of options for meat-lovers and veggie-lovers alike. The best Indian food I've EVER had, and currently my favorite restaurant, I want to eat it every day!!!!! Highly recommended. The food is consistently delicious -- we have a hard time going to other restaurants when we know we can get an incredible meal at Tulsi at a very reasonable price. YUM.The ONLY negative is the lack of greeting and lackluster service....a pretty big negative, but the food -- the food is as good as it gets. I could eat there every day, it's the BEST INDIAN FOOD EVER and now my favorite restaurant.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,11/19/2014,21,10,3,3,4>Exactly what I've come to expect in diner food. There are some good ol' French Canadian recipes, as well as most breakfast mainstays. I often customize my order to suit my personal tastes and am never disappointed. This locale has been a longtime favorite of mine for getting together over coffee and eggs with friends, to surprising my sons (more specifically getting me out of cooking) on Sunday mornings. The food is delicious and the service, spot-on. The ambiance is sometimes over-the-top, but entertaining nonetheless. I highly recommend any one of their breakfast skillet offerings, and if you want a real treat, Memere's Crepes are phenomenal.They serve lunch as well, though breakfast is tempting enough to order anytime of day. Absolutely worth a 10-15 minute wait in line during their busy time (typically Saturday and Sunday between 9a-11a). Don't want to wait? Head over before nine and you will likely find a seat waiting for you to warm it!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,11/18/2014,5,7,3,2,2>Fresh. Delicious. Affordable.I have gone to all the sushi joints in and around the Portland area. Nothing comes close to satisfying your wallet as well as your pallet with King. There Ahi Tuna Maki is PHENOMENAL.The only thing I would suggest is for the staff to be a bit faster or bring on one more server for busy nights.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,1/7/2014,140,379,1,5,4>Ummmmm yes please! Love, love love this place! You can't beat the location and the views of the harbor, service is prompt, friendly and knowledgeable and the pizza is darn good.There are a ton of combinations, the toppings are fresh and the crust is oh-so-good. Plus they have a pretty extensive beer & wine selection as well salads, sandwiches and entrees.Best part is that they are dog friendly and even bring your pup some water and a treat - talk about service!We will definitely be back and I foresee this being a summer time favorite for patio dining and basking in the sun with cocktails.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,1/6/2014,12,20,,3,2>As burgers go, this spot makes very good ones.  You choose your burger (angus, veggie, or chicken breast), then build your own with a great variety of toppings.  Most of the toppings were what you would expect, with some surprises like wasabi mayo and pickled ginger.  Decent prices too.And the hand cut fries are very good too--skinny and long and crispy...the way they should be.  You have choice of reg, sweet potato or onion.The good...very tasty burgers, grilled to perfection.  Decent beer and wine list, and good kids menu.  One person in our group had a panini and enjoyed it.The not so good...the two apps we had were not good--jalapeño poppers that tasted under seasoned and recently frozen, and bland buffalo checked wings.  The bun on the burgers were just ok--a bit too puffy for my taste, but passable.  The service is not good--although very friendly--awkward hostessing, dishes not cleared, drinks not filled etc--but then again, the place is VERY casual...so we were certainly not expecting fine dining level, but they could work on it.  Finally, the atmosphere was over lit, bordering on cafeteria style---I highly recommend they dim those lights once the sun goes down--would make a world of difference.We dined there recently with two kids under 7 and 6 adults.  Kids loved the kids menu--and the portions and prices on the kids menu were appropriate--although, kids drinks could have been served in a lidded cup, instead of tall glass.  They had a dessert too--ate it all.  Overall--I give the burgers a 4 star, and service, atmosphere 2.5 to 3.  I do recommend it though--very tasty if you stick to the burgers and fries!!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,1/5/2014,6,10,3,4,3>Are you friggin' kidding me!? This has got to be the tastiest burrito I have ever had (Sorry Chicago and Granny Burritos R.I.P) wowza. Just by the one burrito I had (the Rockabilly) I would suspect that Every single one of their concoctions would be as amazing as the burrito I had. I mean really it's the sauce it's the stuffing it's the beans it's every single thing about this burrito that makes my face melt off. Not in a particularly spicy way, but In a holy cow why haven't you gone here yet kind of way. If you haven't tried 86 this sorry for you. What are you waiting for, get there and get your burrito on! If I lived in the area I would frequent  this establishment very often. Are you seriously still sitting there?
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,1/4/2014,4,69,,3,3>This place is ridiculous cheap, and the food is great. Actually, the first time I came here, I didn't like it as much -- I had a veggie burger, and it was fresh & healthy-ish, but the taste was merely decent. The only reason I went back again was because the food was so cheap, so I figured I'd give it another shot. Then I had the mac and cheese w/ carmelized onions, and I was hooked. They have the.best.mac.and.cheese.EVER. I don't even live in the area, and I can't wait to go back for more!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,1/3/2014,2,17,,2,1>My go-to place for cocktails--they are all very original and very tasty.  The food is also fantastic--I have yet to try something here that I don't like.  It can be busy on a Friday night, but most of the time I haven't had a problem getting a table.  The prices are higher than most, but I'm willing to pay for good food in a small town where the options are limited.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,1/2/2014,104,40,3,6,6>This is a magical place. When you enter a toy store like this, you instantly can feel the difference than just being in a toy section at a department store or at a chain store. You can tell that each stuffed animal was placed with care are love. That each game ordered for the shelves, was ordered because of what that game can bring to a child's mind. The thoughtfully merchandised is obviously pieced together by a staff that knows and love children. And that cares about the quality of the toys presented to children.It is true that everything might cost a bit more than if you try to find the same online. But keep in mind that big stores and online stores can order hundreds of one item, which leads to them getting a much steeper discount. A small store does not the space to even stock 500 of the same wooden puzzle to bring down the cost a few dollars. And it is because of stores like this that high quality toys are now found in larger marketplaces. Because a small store believed in their quality and carried them. Keep in mind there are many low priced items in this store. Are your way to a birthday party? You could easily find something wonderful to bring for under $10! You can also find so many wonderful books, from classics to new modern gems!I enjoy knowing that they care about the items they put on their shelves, so I know I am getting a quality gift. Not to mention the staff will gladly help any adult having a hard time to sort out what exactly a child may want! Treehouse Toys is what a toy shop should be. It is a place that feels full of magic and wonder. What more could anyone want out of a toy store?
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,1/1/2014,15,150,,3,3>You smell this place down the road before you even get there. I was surprised at how nice it is inside; it doesn't scream "BBQ joint" at all. It was hard to choose what to get, since I'm not a BBQ fan, but I ended up getting the double sandwiches: pulled pork and the brisket. I was a little bummed that all their brisket was shredded. The pork was a little dry. Luckily, their house barbecue sauce was on the table (I'm one of those annoying picky people that has to have their sauce just so, so I found it lacking, others may not). My boyfriend made me try the jalapeno cornbread (I don't really care for cornbread, and not at all for jalapenos) and was surprised that it wasn't overpowering. The waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled without asking, which was a plus. Next time I  come, I'm definitely trying the sausage.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,12/31/2013,12,14,,3,2>Having low expectations coming from Boston and being scammed with prices of mediocre food constantly, I was blown away with this place. We first had a very warm welcome from a waitress and then the hostess as we walk in the door. We decided to sit at the bar and eat where we were welcomed by the very friendly bartender. Drank amazing blueberry sangria along with our amazing food. Ive made dozens of mussel dishes and this dish by far beats out any of the restaurants Ive been to. The chicken liver with bacon and apple was cooked perfectly and was delicious. This food did not melt in my mouth it melted in my soul and let me tell you, I almost asked to sleep over I didn't want to leave. The duck was cooked and rested perfectly as each piece was juicy and the way it should be. What a heavenly experience, I will never stop coming here for the rest of my time on this earth.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,12/30/2013,1,2,3,4,3>CIA stands for Coffee, Ice Cream, and Art. My kids and I love this place! They have a great selection of coffee drinks made with Wicked Joe, and a great selection of Smiling Hill Farm ice cream. They also have bagels, pastries, cookies, brownies, pre-packaged sandwiches (if you need to grab a quick lunch), snack sized chip bags, and juice, soda, and water. Oh! And fruit! Like apples and oranges. It's a really nice variety. Best of all, this place has such a nice sunny atmosphere. Besides tables and chairs, there is an area with a couch and chairs and a coffee table. There also is a little kid's table with some books, including Where's Waldo?. We love that. The art on display and for sale is a bonus. A great idea and nice touch. And as if all this wasn't enough, the owners are really nice too! They are always super nice to my 7 and 9 year old boys. I love the location in the Knightville neighborhood. My kids and I love to ride our bikes here. In the words of my 9 year old son, "When are we going back there? It's so relaxing!" CIA you are a welcomed addition and blessing to South Portland!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,12/29/2013,9,14,1,7,4>This is outstanding. A coffee shop in Biddeford that you would love to meet up at with your friends, spend hours reading a book or surfing the internet. Excellent coffee slow poured or the brew of the day. I don't want to sound too surprised but I am. Even the inside feels like a cafe that you just want to hang out at. The lighting, the exposed brick, the newspaper countertop, the rows of books, the wood floors. You just want to hang out.The staff were really friendly and helped me pick out a brew that fit my taste. I haven't been here for wine or beer yet. So, I can't comment on that. However, for every bit of amazingness this place is there is just as much potential to work towards.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,11/28/2013,88,48,,3,2>Best selection of unique pie flavors in town.  The Bourbon Pecan and Sour Cherry are superb- great for just a sweet treat or an event like Thanksgiving or a 4th of July picnic!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,11/27/2013,21,5,2,2,2>I was recently gifted a box of chocolates from Harbor Candy Shop and have to say, not only is it delicious chocolate, but the presentation itself makes it feel so special. I found myself cherishing and resealing the box each time I went into it just so I could open it again. I know it may be a small thing but as a gift it feels precious - exactly what a gift should feel like. I am already planning to whom and for which events I can repay the favor. Giving a box of chocolates can be a simple token, but if it's from Harbor Candy it will feel like much much more.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,11/26/2013,42,20,6,3,3>I am like a kid in a candy store here, except the candy is meat - and beer!I've become a big fan of this place over the last year. It's small, and as you enter you are herded to the left by a wall of seasonal beer offerings. That leads you to even more beer -and good beer, at that. They stock a great number of microbrews, frequently including one of my favorites, the Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA.If you make it past this with an arm free, for which you should be commended, you hit the meat counter. They offer a number of cuts and seasonings, sausages, and everything you would expect from a meat market.The staff is very friendly, always helpful, and I always walk out the door a happier man than when I went in - a statement I usually reserve for sketchy oriental massage parlors. Once you recover your appetite from that thought, go buy some steaks.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,11/25/2013,6,12,4,7,5>Six stars if possible.Their Ciabatta loaves/Ciabattina rolls are beyond extraordinary - there is a reason so many local restaurants use Beach Pea as their bread supplier.  Other than Bouchon in Yountville it is consistently the best bakery (certainly in terms of bread) I've been to this side of the Atlantic and it is here in our backyard.  Seriously.  Not kidding.  When the weather is nice you can sit outside, and they have maybe 6 or 8 tables inside.  They have pretty decent espresso/capuccino, but their breakfast and lunch sandwiches are really quite good.  (I must admit I often buy the Ciabattina rolls, go next door to Golden Harvest and get some fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and a bunch of fresh basil, drizzle with olive oil and aged balsamic vinegar, for a homemade Caprese sandwich.)  Another artisinal standout they make is their Fougasse, a traditional Provençal bread that almost looks like a giant odd-shaped pretzel (I believe it is supposed to resemble an ear of wheat) seasoned with rosemary and sea salt. Essentially a French version of Foccacia, it is great for dipping in olive oil.  Put one on a cutting board when you entertain guests and watch it vanish.In terms of cakes, we've ordered the following for family celebrations and been delighted with each one:-Triple Chocolate Cake (Dark chocolate ganache between two layers of chocolate cake. Sealed with chocolate buttercream and finished with a poured ganache with a crown of chocolate buttercream leaves)-Tuxedo Cake (Two layers of chocolate cake surrounding a layer of fresh strawberries. Sealed with a white chocolate cream cheese frosting & finished with a ganache drip)  -Lime Coconut CheesecakeHopefully they also start making fresh fruit tarts again, the ones from Hannaford just don't come close.Their eclairs are cream filled decadence - I ran a 50 mile ultramarathon and the joke was I did it just to eat more eclairs.  Highly recommended for a sweet treat (they come in small or large.)  My personal favorite, however, is their Applesauce Oatie cookie.  Just imagine the best oatmeal cookie you've ever tasted - there you go, stacked behind the glass, taunting you.Lines can sometimes be a bit long around 9am ish Sat morning (and especially before a major holiday) but be patient, I implore you - they move quickly and most definitely worth the wait.  I almost didn't even want to do this review for the selfish fear of longer lines, but if any Kittery business deserves a big, loud Yelp shout out it's Beach Pea.Not open on Sundays which is a shame, but I suppose perfection deserves a day off.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,11/24/2013,3,12,2,3,3>I've tried a number of places in the Portsmouth/Kittery area and so far this is the best. The menu which changes at least a little seasonally has been solid start to finish every time I've been. They offer small and creative plates and also larger dynamic dishes (best pork shank on the planet). They have a very cool bar and an open kitchen. The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and expedient. The beer list is excellent and there is a bartender there (Alex?) who was a master and crafted some incredible cocktails - fun to watch!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/23/2013,10,56,,4,2>I have had all 3 meals of the day at Forage.... plus several coffee and pastry stops.Breakfast - amazing french bread (homemade) topped with egg, basil, and cheese. Lunch - have had a variety of awesome sandwiches.  Their items tend to be locally sourced in their prepared foods and also a great selection of meats and cheeses to purchase separately from the case.Dinner - they also prepare a nightly special.  My husband and I had the chicken pot pie one night.  It was fabulous.Forage is a great addition to LA.  Stop in for a coffee and an almond croissant - you'll be hooked.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,11/22/2013,74,300,4,4,3>Holy crap, Lewiston - WHERE DID THIS COME FROM?! I had a great lunch here today, delicious rotisserie chicken crepe with sun dried tomatos and artichoke hearts, simmered in a white wine garlic sauce. Over a crepe. Wowwwwweeee - it was perfect. The chicken was tender and the SDT's (sundried tomates - not STD's people) were plentiful! I got a large and it was wayyyy big for lil old me.The ambience - perfect. A big, family style table with family style beverage serving stations (even though I had a San Pelligrino) with OLD SCHOOL JULIA CHILD on the TV. LOVE IT.When I'm back in the L/A area, I will be going there again. Absolutely.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,11/21/2013,4,4,,3,3>Rosemont is my idea of heaven on earth. A cornucopia of apples, pears, beautiful vegetables, bags of whole grains, and artisanal cheeses - it's an uplifting experience just to shop there. The focaccia sandwiches are reasonably priced and filling, although the ones with mustard are too strong for me, I prefer the ones with red pepper spreads or cilantro mayonaise. So good!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,11/20/2013,10,39,2,4,4>Coastal Maine Popcorn Co is one of the only specialty popcorn stores I know of in the Portland area. They offer a wide arrange of flavors from the odd (root beer, cotton candy, and key lime pie) to the savory (parmesan garlic, salty sweet, and blue cheese). This is just to name a few as there are probably over 20+ selections of popcorn to choose from! When my fiancé and I first came here about two years ago, you could try as many flavors as you wanted. Now they limit you to only two which makes it difficult when choosing what you want. Typically we don't come here often as their popcorn is a bit expensive considering the small is only 4-6 cups worth. If we buy more than a small, sometimes it ends up going to waste so we don't buy any larger. Our last purchase here was of the buffalo wing and blue cheese popcorn, a perfect combination! We ended up buying each flavor separately not knowing you could combine them into one bag. Remember that if buying two flavors that suite one another! For taste, the blue cheese resembled it perfectly but the buffalo wing was a little too spicy. They even sell a flavor called the buffalo wing XX, god only knows how spicy that is!! You'd think in our case, that the blue cheese would have cooled down the spiciness in the buffalo popcorn. It really didn't do that for me but it still tasted pretty good as long as I had some milk to go along with it.All in all, if you're fond of popcorn as I am than give this place a try. Just make sure your two samples are of flavors you're certain of buying or else it's a waste.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,11/19/2013,111,121,1,7,3>I had read other Yelp reviews and heard good things about this El Rodeo from friends.  While in South Portland we decided to try this out.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  The food was far better than other Mexican restaurants in the area and the menu options were extensive.  We started with jumbo margaritas and guacamole made fresh at our table.  We were able to select the ingredients and the spiciness.  It was great..and the warm tortilla chips made this even better.  Even with all the menu options I was talked into customizing my burrito so I could have carnitas.  It was amazingly good.  The cheese sauce was simply to die for...I could barely finish half!The service here was spectacular.  You can tell they truly love and take pride in their job, service and food.  We learned that many of the servers moved here to work at this restaurant.  It really says a lot about the dedication of the staff...this is something you do not see often!Our entire family loves Mexican food and we look forward to bringing the kids here to check it out!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,12/28/2013,16,11,,3,2>I loved this place! Had the garden gazpacho and it was my first gazpacho ever. Very good! Slightly oniony. I got the deck salad and they ran out of ricotta so I got feta. It was great! The view from the deck was good too. My husband and I always get a beer sampler at every brewery we go to and I loved a lot of the beers they served, especially summerwheat. And can't beat the $5 price on the beer paddle! What a deal!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,12/27/2013,2,10,,3,3>Boon Island Ales hosted our company Christmas party of 25 guests. The owner was a pleasure to work with, she worked within our budget and made the whole experience easy. The room was beautifully set up and the food was perfect. Everyone enjoyed the evening. I highly recommend Boon Island Ales.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,12/26/2013,1,12,2,3,2>Azure is the class of Freeport. We dropped by for our usual (martinis and  calamari) and it was just as expected. Service at Azure is Always top notch (our waitress that night has worked at Azure for over 8 years) and the food is, in our experience, always excellent and, if you have favorites as we do, dead-on consistent. Azure is a sure bet for a nice, high quality adult dining experience and we recommend it whole-heartlessly
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,12/25/2013,16,5,1,2,3>Such an odd little place, Buen Apetito. Looking for some Mexican food on a random Saturday afternoon, we stumbled upon this place, walking first into the movie theater next door before realizing the entrance was around the corner. The first thing that struck me was the chips and salsa already laid out on all the tables. My first thought: "Oh great, stale chips..." but after sitting down, I realized I had jumped the gun. The salsa options (one tomato based; one avocado based) and the chips were nice and crunchy. Perfecto!I ordered black beans and seasoned rice while my compatriot chose the chiles rellenos. I found the beans and rice combo to be simple and delicious and the seasoning was great! One thing to note, which is definitely by no means a fault (in fact, this could be fantastic when sharing dishes), is that the serving size for the meals is gigantic. The plate of chiles rellenos was massive and could have easily served 2 people comfortably.All told, this was a great little place that I'd be happy to patronize again! Drooling just thinking about those beans... :)
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,12/24/2013,5,13,,3,4>We live in Freeport and for years have longed for an affordable, everyday kind of local restaurant. The Tuscan is the best thing to happen to our restaurant scene in a long time. The owners have put some real money into the space--open but still cozy and really nice. Very attentive and professional service. But the real breakthrough for our town, where too many restaurants get sloppy because of plenty of itinerant tourists, is the food. Pizza, from the brick oven, was excellent. The sausage and green onion was awesome. Great crust. Pesto chicken also great, but very rich with goat cheese. The arugula spinach salad had a terrific, bright citrus dressing. The kids went loopy for the lobster mac and cheese. Full bar and a fun cocktail menu--rosemary infused Cold River Gin from right up the road for example. Solid wine list and no excessive per glass prices Hurray for the Tuscan! Rock on.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,12/23/2013,0,5,,4,4>The Last Unicorn is the place to go when you are hungry in Waterville.  They offer foods that are bright and fresh with flavor, and a quiet/comfortable atmosphere.  Quite commonly the obvious choice, when walking down Main or Silver Street(s).  Although they are flanked by two other restaurants, The Last Unicorn offers cuisine that no other restaurant in Waterville can match.  Having their own niche makes them a fun and enjoyable change of pace after dining on pizza all week.  I am usually downtown during lunch hours, which is when they offer a lighter side (sandwiches, soups, and a specific offering for lunch), but they usually have something I would like to eat for lunch.  I commonly get the crab cake, which I did, and it was nice, with a tasty dressing on the side.  The salad has improved greatly over the previous ownership.  Tasty greens, and overall just...better.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking to enjoy great food in downtown.  I disagree with any complaint of price.  The quality and great service is worth every penny.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,12/22/2013,21,5,3,3,3>Not only is this store located off of 95 and Rt. 1 (the gateway to all of the awesomeness that Maine offers), but inside it is a destination in and of itself. The selection of craft 6 packs is unrivaled, the larger format bottles are also exceptionally diverse - including hard-to-find local beer, exceptional brews from out of state and abroad. If you are into craft beer at all, this is your southern Maine spot for it, period. On top of that, the staff REALLY knows their stuff. They host tastings frequently, and post the latest offerings on facebook. You can also order kegs (I have done so twice for friends' weddings) and they are incredibly accommodating. Just an all around awesome place.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,12/21/2013,6,5,,3,3>Hurricane is a personal favorite that we always include on our itinerary whenever we happen to be in the area.  This visit happened to take place on a Tuesday evening when  they have a "Public Supper" during the "off" season.  Fortunately we had made a reservation, as the the restaurant was packed with local patrons who know a good thing. Three  entrees were available for $9.95!  We started with the Hurricane House Salad with field greens, roasted shallots, pistachios, cracked peppercorn dressing.  Yummo!  Of course, we opted for one of the Public Supper options:  Baked  haddock with seafood stuffing and could not have been more pleased with our choices. To further complement  our meal and our riverside view, we sipped on a lovely bottle of Chardonnay.  Hurricane has an extensive wine list with something for everyone.  We can't wait to make a return visit, perhaps during the Christmas Prelude season.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,12/20/2013,16,16,,2,1>This place gets 5 stars from me for a few reasons.  It's on Bridge St. for starters which is an awesome location for a deli right in the heart of Westbrook.  Plenty of parking outside usually.  But lets get down to it...the food is awesome!  Fantastic prices for yummy food makes everyone's day better.  Plenty of seating inside and even a t.v.!  Staff is uber friendly too so if you are bored they will probably chat it up with you for a few minutes :-)even the little things, bottle recycling and trash right in sight when you are finished and the back outside to hear that waterfall outside.  shoot maybe you could go back for dinner before 3 am or for a breakfast sandwich in the morning?awesome.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/19/2013,101,201,2,3,3>Quick and friendly!I had no wait and just pulled right into one of the three car bays that they have. I stepped out, and after confirming that I wanted "just the basic," they went right to work. I liked that they didn't pressure me into anything besides the basic oil change.I turns out that my car calls for the more expensive oil, and they politely informed me of this, even showing me the cap for my oil reservoir (right word?) that indicated this so I didn't think they were try to pull a fast one on me.They called me "Sir" the entire time, and I got into a short conversation with one of the people there about comics because he saw the Incredible Hulk bumper sticker on my car.The one negative part of this experience is that while I was taking pictures of the front of the place to post on Yelp, one of the guys got all sketched out and asked me why I was taking pictures. I told him it was for Yelp, and he didn't know what that meant and asked if I had "authorization." I told him I wouldn't post them (I lied), and that was the end of that. All in all it was pretty funny, and I can't really hold it against them.I'll definitely come here again in 5,000 miles when I'm due for another change.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2014,10/8/2014,19,94,,4,3>I'd been getting their vegan, gluten-free ginger cookies at Local Sprouts for ages but somehow never actually went into the real location until this week.  The entire bakery is gluten-free and they're good about other allergens.  What this means in practical terms is that there's vegan stuff, there's dairy-free stuff, there's soy-free stuff, there's stuff that's vegan and soy-free, there's lots of options.  If you have questions, they will pull out a book of ingredients and answer them.  They have all kinds of sweet treats, some savory treats, and loaves of fresh bread, with a schedule posted for what kinds of bread they have on what days of the week.  There are teas and cider and other beverages.  The tea is Republic of Tea brand.  The space is pleasant, with good natural light and a nice display for the baked goods.  Yay!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,10/7/2014,0,16,,3,3>This is truly my favorite Chinese takeout in the Greater Portland area. The veggies are plentiful, the appetizers are very solid (crab rangoon is a favorite, and the eggrolls are exactly what I want when I want an eggroll), the prices are very reasonable for the portions you get, and they are very reliably fast and accurate with orders. The General Tso's (chicken, beef, and especially tofu) is excellent, and while there have been a few incarnations of the recipe, the hot and sour soup has always been delicious. The lunch and dinner combos are a really good deal (usually two or more meals come from one combo for us), especially since the soup is so worth getting.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/6/2014,11,17,6,4,5>When we first moved to Portland in January from staten island we were bummed out we could find that restaurant that would be our go to place to eat and drink. Three months later or even four we stepped into Silly's for the first time after numerous recommendations from Co workers and we were never the same again. I am so happy Silly's is in existence. We have been going there every week since May. Lately twice a week. First off..... If you like cheese, buffalo chicken, and onions get the hot and cheesy. The relativity is delicious. The only pizza I don't like so far was the biggie pizza with the pepperoni and that's just because there are so many intense flavors on one pie. Sangria sangria Moar sangria Beer Nutella vodka milk shake nom nomNow back to food I love the sly guy wrap. Everything yummy in one wrap and oh yeah..... You are an idiot if you don't get sweet potato fries with honey mustard. Cake cake cake let them eat cake..... Ew Vegan cake that can't be good...... Oh shit it's amazing. What else can I say..... Oh yeah brunch is amazing king of funghi or something is amazing..... And tons of other stuff on the brunch menu is delicious like the chorizo my hash and the gluten free French Toast thing. Sometimes I have the garden of eatin (appetizer) for dinner when I want Sillys but still want to act like im healthy. Love the service. Yep. I have no idea why there are so many complaints. I just have to say Silly's is a godsend. Yep I went there. I am so happy it's across from my job and a second from my apartment. Lucky to live in the neighborhood. I am sure there is more I am missing but I'll stop there for now. Oh and the hot sauce is yummy.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,10/5/2014,142,530,3,4,3>Ahhh, that new market smell!  Friendly people, a deli area and solid selection of grocery items. Thank goodness this place has reopened after a long hiatus. The prices are normal, particularly compared to the gouge that is Rosemont Mrkt. a block north. Hilltop Superette doesn't pretend to be something it isn't and is clearly not making a play for the hipsters with too much cash to burn or the 7-figure mommy brigade leading the gentrification of the neighborhood. This is the everyman and everywoman's market with a little something for everyone, even those hipsters and 7-figure mommies. ;-)
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,10/4/2014,74,300,2,3,5>Ok! Alright! I can officially recommend a Chinese restaurant in Portland. Phew!We came early for dinner and really enjoyed our meal. Firstly, our server was kind and efficient and recognized that we had a ticking time bomb - a 9month old who skipped his nap and gets major food envy! We ordered right away and got the green beans and egg rolls. The egg rolls were perfectly fried and crunchy, the green beans were seared and had a sweet garlicky sauce. Then I had the small plate Chinatown pork with rice and hubs had the spinach dumplings. Apparently, they were good - I didn't even get a taste. Harrumph. We split the hot and sour soup - a true highlight of the meal and is vegetarian as well! Yippee! Baby ate his Sophie Giraffe and seemed pleased with himself.The awesome server dropped our check before we were done, per our request, so we could skiddadle with our baby. We'll definitely go back!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,10/3/2014,26,37,,3,6>Had my first paint night here a couple days ago. Carrie taught the group and she was awesome. She was engaging easy going energetic and bubbly. She was always around to help guide all of the artists there and offer suggestions with technique and color. The painting I did was the hazy forest. There was a small bar and kitchen to buy beer wine or some snacks.  The bar tender also does classes and was able to offer some tips if asked. They also took lots of pictures if you wanted both posed and candid shots and posted on facebook for you to see. Everyone had such different paintings from each other and from the master copy that we were replicating. Creative differences were encouraged and they all came out looking great. I hung my painting up at home and can't wait to go again.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/2/2014,6,11,,5,4>Definately great barbecue. A little like carnivore heaven... Wonderful brisket, ribs chicken, and smoked sausage slowly smoked to perfection over hardwood until is is super tender and succulent. Then served with a bottle of sweet and spicy barbecue sauce at the table. BLISS!!!! Also the corn bread... I have died and gone to heaven...
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/1/2014,44,173,2,6,8>Love it here. I've been twice in 3 days. Last Saturday at lunch we were seated in a large comfy booth by the bar. Very friendly waitress. 2 amarettos on the rocks, a couple of local beers, a slab of pizza and a camponetta ( I think I spelled that wrong) sandwich. The sandwich was a mixture of eggplant, olives, and other yummy vegetarian things, all chopped up on a huge luna bread. Delish!Tonight I had the brocoli rabe/sausage smothered with melted cheese on Luna. Comes with a cup of marinara sauce to dip. Soooo good. My kids had the meatball sandwich, huge and a big hit. I love the atmosphere and everyone is smiling!!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,9/30/2014,35,16,4,4,5>I was having one of those days.... dentist appt. late. lost. You know. So, I stopped in for some coffee. Cute little place. Menu is all chalkboard. Baked goods looked tasty, but nothing tempted me enough to buy something. They have an array of self-serve coffee including flavored coffees if that's your thing. I got a soy latte which was tasty. I don't think they had any other lactose-free options (I am a fan lately of coconut milk, but it's a rare find at coffee shops.) They also had tons of breakfast and lunch sandwiches on the menu and offered Tofutti (vegan sour cream). The best part of my visit was: knocking my coffee all over the coffee bar!!! YES, that happened. Luckily I caught my cup so it was only the top 1/3. The girl behind the counter was super nice about it and said she'd clean it up. Moments later she came over with a rag. I started lamenting about having an off day and she said it was fine. Someone else had done the same thing just 10 min before. She even offered to make me another drink, but I said no thanks as I didn't really lose that much. That friends, is great customer service! Small place, but would definitely recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood. Their food sounded tasty especially the cranberry bog chicken salad. Also, my latte was delicious!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,9/29/2014,80,8,4,3,3>Since my work is mobile and all I need is my laptop... I'm always looking for places to pop into.So when I moved to Yarmouth... Maine Roasters was one of my first stops... and I must say, I was impressed with the layout of the place.VERY comfortable and "homey".... felt right at home.  Several couches you can lounge around on... and several tables to sit at and either do work, chat with friends, or enjoy one of their DELISH pastries from Frosty's.I'll leave Frosty's donuts for a separate review, but let me just say they're some of the best donuts I've ever had. The coffee here is, well, coffee.  Not quite Starbucks strong, and definitely not Starbucks expensive.Traditional and dark roast are the 2 primary brews... they offer a lot of other teas, lattes, and drinks.But the selling point, in my opinion,is the staff here. They're very attentive and friendly... and I've always felt welcomed coming here.I'm writing this on a Saturday, sitting in Maine Roasters as we speak... and the gentleman behind the counter is being very friendly and nice to everyone who comes in... just very personable.Overall, I love this place as an option where I can pop in and get work done.The coffee is tasty and the pastries are to die for.I'm sure in a short time it will become my "home away from home"
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,1/28/2014,3,9,1,4,4>My mother and I had pedicures today at Nine Stones and had a really lovely time. They had a very calming, tranquil waiting area where we had complementary teas, and then was led into side by side seating that overlooked Commercial St. The technicians were wonderful and very fun to talk to. The services were great! We both felt refreshed and relaxed at the end and felt we were personally attended to during our time there. The price is about average for a one hour service ($55), and well worth the cost. We will most likely return for another service soon!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,1/27/2014,0,11,1,9,5>After 9 years of living in Portland, Asmara is STILL my favorite "cheap eats" go to restaurant. The woman who owns the place always remembers me, asks to see pics of my daughter, and totally knows that it's me on the phone when I place my order, so I don't even need to ask for extra injera anymore, it just shows up in the box. As my wife isn't a fan of Ethiopian/Eritrean food, I typically do take out and we have a picnic at home, but I also love lingering here and having their honey wine, or coffee service. I've tried almost everything on the menu, but my two regular go-to dishes are the spicy beef with potatoes, or the chicken tbesi - spicy chicken stew. I typically get the red lentil side, and even though I know it's probably bottled italian dressing on the salad, it works SO well with the injera and the rest of the dish.  Cost is about $10-12 per meal, and there is SO much food. I've had Ethiopian/Eritrean food in San Fransicso, NY, and Boston - and this is hands down the best place I've ever had this kind of food.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,1/26/2014,35,16,1,6,5>Been here twice in the last month or so. Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Portland so far! Can't remember what I had the first time (maybe Veggies in Peanut Sauce?), but it was SO GOOD! Also, we got a pot of tea which was really nice. The second time I had the Tofu Tikka Masala (Tofu, spinach, edamame, chick peas, in Masala curry sauce. Served w/ brown rice seasoned w/ curry powder, peas & carrots, and shallots) and it was really yummy. I think this is one of those places where everything on the menu is delicious! I have a hard time deciding that I want because everything sounds amazing. They always have specials too. Pros: vegetarian with lots of gluten free & vegan options, healthy & delicious food that is flavorful and unique, friendly & helpful serving staff, frequent water fill-ups (I like to stay hydrated!).Cons: small place so it can be a bit loud & you may have to wait for a table if it's busy, price wise it's in the middle- not cheap, but not somewhere we can afford to go all the time. The first time we went it took the server 10+ minutes to come & take our order, the portions are a little on the small side and specifically, they do not give you very much rice. I believe they charge extra if you ask for more rice. Overall though, this is a wonderful restaurant that I'd highly recommend especially to vegetarians and those who love Indian & Asian food. Like I said, the best place we've tried in Portland so far!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/25/2014,139,60,2,8,5>Hands down my favorite place in town. And this is saying quite a bit as I grew up in Maine and have been a "food nerd" eating my way in and around the state my entire life. My review for Five Fifty-Five, a.k.a. "The Fives" is long overdue as I have been coming here for birthdays, anniversaries, and when I need to guarantee a great meal for friends and family visiting for years now.The ambiance is elegant without coming off as pretentious. Dark, romantic, and easy on the eyes with sufficient lighting without needing a flashlight to read the menu. There is a lounge/bar area as you enter as well as a two floor dining room. I prefer the lounge/bar area myself as it also allows you to order off the bar menu which has some of my favorite dishes as well as having the choice to order off of the dinner/tasting menu offered in the dining room (Who doesn't like more options?). Not to mention that The Fives has one of the best bartenders in Portland,"Josh", making some of the most delicious and innovative drinks in town. Sometimes I give Josh a type of alcohol or wine or even mood I'm in and have him surprise me. Like the great "Spiritual Adviser" he is (see what I did there?), Josh is able to get me a drink or wine I enjoy every time. Now onto the food as that is of course why you're coming here. The menu changes with seasonal local ingredients but the mainstays that are always on the menu are what keeps me coming and here are a couple that you should know about:"The Bangs Island Mussels" - One word to describe them: Sublime. They are always cooked to perfection and the garlic and chive butter the mussels are "hot tubbing" in always forces you to seek more bread to dip. These mussels have essentially ruined all others for me which has coming back for them time and time again. A must order if you go. I know what you're thinking: "George, why would I want to ruin all other mussels for myself?" Answer: BECAUSE IT'S WORTH IT. I mean, you don't avoid a sunset on the Greek islands so it won't ruin all other sunsets for you. Do it for the memories. Do it for the experience. Take a picture if you have to. "Truffled Mac & Cheese w/ Lobster" - Comforting, creamy, decadent, and delicious. Lots of places do Mac & Cheese but The Fives does it best. You can order it with or without lobster, but seriously, you're in Maine, get with the program and get some lobster on top. Oh, and this isn't just Mac & Cheese with phony truffle oil in it, there are LEGIT black truffle shavings throughout. When my girlfriend and I go we get a portion to split just to nibble on in between our entrees. Strangely the dish finds its way closer and closer to her as we eat. I'll have to investigate this further.They always have a phenomenal selection of seafood, steak, pork, and veggie options on the menu and make sure to check out their "Current Burger" on the bar menu as it changes in terms of toppings but it's always a tasty go-to if you're in the mood for a great burger. The Fives also has one of the best pastry chefs in town and the desserts also change seasonally. They do have a few desserts that are always available including The "Confection Plate" which has freshly baked to order chocolate chip cookies (warm cookies out of the oven 'nuff said'), their in-house caramels (which are my favorite), and chocolate truffles. While there are many great restaurants in Portland "The Fives" remains my absolute favorite and knocks it out of the park every time. The service is always attentive, the staff is always friendly, and the food of course is always phenomenal.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,1/24/2014,38,37,1,5,4>LOVE, I could leave it at that and it would be perfect. Brunch is awesome, dinner is awesome, staff is awesome, LOVE. All meals at anytime work at this place. They have an outdoor back patio with giant trees growing around the tables, nice string lights hung up to adda very romantic casual atmosphere. There are bugs, but the waiter was so awesome, that he ran out to the local corner store and got us bug spray !! in the middle of dinner time, spectacular. Food is always fantastic, there are so many delicious appetizers that you could just eat tapas and drink and be satiated. I recommend this to everyone, the only thing I could say negative, is that the drinks are the most amazing, but it's not a bar, it's a restaurant, so it doesn't count. LOVE !!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,1/23/2014,52,100,1,7,5>Love this place! In addition to cheese, the shop  is filled with wonderful little indulgences. There are small batch chocolates, and yummy olives and imported pates and all sorts of unusual delights. They also have a very good selection of wine and a few good specialty beers on hand. Most importantly the staff and owners are welcoming and super knowledgable. Most of my visits start with a desire for one their european style panini's.  The  line up constantly changes, but there are always 3 or four choices and I have never been disappointed. Though, I have found that they all taste a little better when accompanied by a sea salt chocolate chip cookie. Of course when stopping for lunch, it just makes sense to pick up some extra goodies.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,1/22/2014,14,41,3,7,7>I write this review with hesitation because I don't want people to catch on to this hidden gem.  Based on how busy it is every time I'm in there, I think the cat is already out of the bag.  Fortunately, it's far enough out of the Old Port to keep out the masses of tourists (except maybe those savvy Yelpers).  The location is unassuming in a small strip of businesses, but don't let that stop you from going.   Everything I've eaten here has been simply fantastic!  The ravioli appetizer is to die for.  The salmon and pesto with vegetables is also fantastic.  The chicken and eggplant lasagna is crazy good.  The freshly baked bread is mouthwatering.  The list goes on and on.This is my go to restaurant to bring family members to when in town.  The staff is friendly.  The bartender is talented and by far my favorite in Portland.  Great guy and remembered me after one visit.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,1/21/2014,9,29,,6,3>If there is one restaurant that can awake me from my 3 year hibernation from Yelp and whole-heartedly deserve 5 stars, it is the North Point.  I have been here 3 times for lunch in the past two months and each time I cannot resist the cheese selection!  I adore cheese and nearly fell out of my chair when I saw they served my two favorite, Wensleydale with Cranberries and my holy grail - halloumi!  The halloumi pairs very well with the sweet fig jam served along with a few crostinis and apple slices.  My only complaint is you must order a minimum of three meats and/or cheeses and some days I wish I could just have a slice of cheese with their delish Arugula and Parmesan Salad.  I adore this restaurant with the exposed brick, the unique art work and the massive picture windows.  The tables are close together which provides a cozy and warm atmosphere.  A friend suggested their sweet potato flatbread, which I intend on ordering on my next visit in the very near future!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,1/20/2014,5,39,,3,1>They have every kind of hot sauce imaginable!!! This won us over completely.I LOVED my hobo hashbrowns, but I was pretty unimpressed with my pancake.  My other half liked his greek omelet a lot.  Good food, not greasy, great portions. Prices were very good in my opinion.  We went for breakfast, but it was definitely a very large brunch instead.  All the food is cooked right in front of you, which is fun.  We will be regulars.  Nothing gourmet, but hearty and very tasty.  I look forward to trying the muffins next time.five stars for atmosphere- no TV, shiny, clean, and bright. We loved sitting at the bar and talking to the employees. We were seated immediately on a busy Saturday morning at peak late breakfast time and not pressured or rushed to finish our food and free up seats at all.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,1/19/2014,95,133,,6,3>Ok what else can I tell you about this place other than it was amazing.This portion of the restaurant is nestled in the back away from the hustle and bustle of the front section of the restaurant.  There is a reason for this because you can order 7 or 9 part meals here that are served in installments and each comes with a description of how it is cooked and prepared.This was half of the fun with this evening ... we came in with a party of 9 and were all excited to see what the next course would bring and what pairing of wine would go with each.We started off with a cured meat and aged cheese platter freshly shaved and laid on the plate for all to pick from.  Then we moved into a mushroom assortment that was sitting on a puff pastry and served with a shooter of mushroom bisque with a wine froth on top that was both rich and decadent.We then moved into a lobster and cream sauce dish that was cooked perfectly and served so tender when lobster can be tough at times ... delicious and tasty.  We then moved into the next serving of a quail egg stuffed ravioli dish that came el dente until they poured a hot cream sauce over the top to cook the ravioli and it was to die for.We then moved into something a bit lighter with a martini glass filled with a apple sorbet with an infused vodka poured over the top that brought the dish to taste just like an apple pie.  Then came the lamb where they pan seared it and glazed it with a balsamic reduction and it was both rich and flavorful.Then an assortment of desserts including an irish cream bite sized dessert that I could have eaten seventy five of!  Each of the dishes were paired with a red, white and even a port wine in the end to top it all off and cleanse the palette.The service was amazing.  The ambiance was incredible.This is a place you would want to nestle a little funds away for though because with the wine it is a pretty expensive eat but, if you are looking for a place to bring that someone special on a special occasion, then David's Opus Ten is a Win/Win deal.You can tell that David and his staff love what they do and quite frankly I love what they do also!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,11/7/2014,6,58,2,2,3>Stopped in on a Sunday for lunch with the family and SOOOOO glad that we did!  Atmosphere: Clean, modern, inviting. If you are looking for loud colors with chairs that have wood carvings and smiley faces, this place isn't  for you.Staff: VERY friendly and accommodating bartender/waitress. Food: Wifey had fish tacos which she enjoyed. I had the burrito bowl w/ chirizo. Everything was so fresh, and flavorful. There were actually layers  of flavor!  Even the chips and salsa were really good.  Agree with some others that a small basket of chips for the table would be nice, but not really a dealbreaker House margarita was very good as well.  A bit more expensive than some other Mexican food places in town, but again, you get what you pay for!  Verdict:  We will be back!  Heard about happy hour specials. House margaritas and nachos  seem like a plan for us!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,11/6/2014,50,64,1,4,3>Great selection of comics, organized well, and a friendly staff. I can't tell you of how many comic stores I have been to in the past in which the staff or the owners could care less that you are visiting their store. If you want to stand out in the age of buying things online you need to make an impression on the customer. Casablanca comics will go out of their way to get you old comics, they will tell you about new and upcoming comics and if you are on their email list they have some awesome specials. They have a lot of other trinkets of geek-dom spread out throughout the store along with some awesome board games. I wish they would carry some more independent/ crazy comics but they do have a small selection near the cash registrar. Parking in back and if you find a comic that you like put yourself down the hold list so that you never miss an issue.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,11/5/2014,15,31,3,3,3>if you're not looking for anything, you'll find something. if you're looking for something, you might not find it.selection is small, but Everything in here is interesting and vintage and unique and hard to find anywhere else. shopkeeps let you browse without bothering you. i was looking for a flask, and they didn't have any but offered an alternative nearby store.they have clothes, antique books, 70/80s vinyl, glassware, doodads, etc.sometimes i feel intimidated entering hip vintage thrift shops (cough buffalo exchange cough) because the staff and layout make the place seem too cool for school. Not here, i've always felt comfortable in Little Ghost.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,11/4/2014,51,269,1,5,3>I. Freaking. LOVE THIS PLACE. I try to pop in every time I'm in the Old Port walking around. They've got it all. Tons of Jelly Belly jellybeans, some old timey candy (clove gum, scented mints, candy buttons, Mallo Cups), container upon container of bulk candy (chocolates and gummis galore), and some AMAZING fudge (and a whole ton of other chocolatey goodies, including chocolate covered potato chips, chocolate covered bacon, and chocolate covered whoopie pies). You can't beat it.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,11/3/2014,4,14,4,4,3>Can I get the chicken tika marsala with some plain naan puh-leaze!? Mmmmmmm, let's make it mild. I like spice. Well, hot damn! The spice can make you cry tears of joy. Careful there bud! It's hardly busy here but I enjoyyyyy the food. The owner is always my waiter when I come in and he's just adorbs. The restaurant has been in this same spot since I was a wittle gal and they're holding on! Check it out if you want your sinus cured. Wooosahhhh!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2014,11/2/2014,36,98,1,4,3>They do eyebrow threading!!! My eyebrows had suffered until recently. Before moving here I was on a very regular schedule of getting my eyebrows threaded-every 4 weeks. Rarely did I have an eyebrow hair out of place. For 5 years I had very well maintained eyebrows...and then I moved to Maine. I called nearly every salon and searched yelp for eyebrow threading. The only place I could find was at the Maine mall in a mall kiosk. That's just scary. So I decided that I would just let my eyebrows be. And every time I was planning a trip out of Maine, I would get my eyebrows waxed. Definitely not my first choice, but I couldn't let my SF buddies see my eyebrows all overgrown and crazy! All the while, I was getting my haircut at headgames (and my occasional eyebrow wax). And then it happened, I was getting an eyebrow wax before a trip to the west coast and the esthetician told me that there was a woman at headgames that was doing threading. What? How had I missed this big announcement and better yet, who was this mystery woman? Her name is Maureen and she is my eyebrow savior. Seriously. I'm back on my four week rotation and my eyebrows couldn't be happier. If you haven't tried it, maybe you shouldn't because selfishly I don't want you taking my reserved time slot every four weeks. Seriously. I also get my haircut here and I've always been pleased with the outcome. They have a full range of services provided in addition to hair and skincare (nails, massage, yoga, barre). It's a cool spot that is not to be missed.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,11/1/2014,52,100,3,4,4>Portland Maine officially has a Steak House! Warm inviting atmosphere, dozens of  brands of whiskey, and perfectly dry aged beef. For me, this adds up to heavenly perfection.Knowing we were destined to have steak we started with the shrimp cocktail and tuna tartar. The shrimp cocktail had 7 very large shrimp and had both a delicious house made sauce and a delightful micro green salad. The tuna in the tartar was perfectly diced into  glistening  Jewels coated in a sesame oil and spices to make a rich savory start and served with crispy wanton.Next came a Cesar salad with a dressing that was so dense it was more a delicious jam.For the main event we chose to share the 24 ounce bone-in ribeye. After being dry aged for 40 days, the steak was dense and flavorful with a crust so beautiful that it is destined to show up in my dreams. Everything is a la carte, we stuck to the classics,fries and creamed spinach. Both  were very satisfying. If you can save room the chocolate mouse cake was much,much,much better than its generic name would suggest.Be advised this steak house is not for the budget conscious, but it is on par with the top steak houses.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,10/31/2014,439,349,5,4,3>Do you ever shop somewhere and just feel amazing afterward? This is that place for me!1. I was craving bread, sourdough to be exact. Some part of me really wanted a killer grilled cheese sandwich.2. I just started composting and my compost bin didn't get replaced. Where would all my random food scraps go?!3. School was out, and I felt like exploring the town.So... I ended up here! Their selection of breads, cheeses, meats, and produce was extensive for such a small location, and everything was so fun to look at! If you buy bread, they'll slice it for you behind the cheese display, and there's a selection of day-old bread that's discounted. They had a lot of local items, and upon checkout, my compost bin was happily replaced and in my hands (sounds gross, boo). Anyways, this was a great trip and I got 3-4 GREAT grilled cheese sandwiches out of it.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2014,10/30/2014,6,30,1,3,3>Have not had a bad experience yet and I would say I use them every two weeks. Easy to order, tip and pay on the iPad.  Food comes hot, and on time - they knock on the door, hand you your food and off they go.  It usually takes about an hour and they have never been over the online delivery estimate.  Sometimes when you are tired and don't feel like going out it's a good choice.  Also, plenty of restaurants to choose from, we usually do zen or the green elephant.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,10/29/2014,4,21,1,2,3>Bonobo is a great option for high quality comfort food, especially on a cold snowy night.  The wood fired oven keeps this small space warm while simultaneously pumping out some delightful gourmet pies.  The house salad is a go-to starter here.  The dressing is awesome and the portion is just right to split with someone.  The pies are 13 inches and a good option to split or if you're real hungry to take down yourself.  There's probably 10+ options for toppings.  Good options if you like to experiment with non traditional toppings.  My personal favorite is the goat but I've been satisfied with every pie I've tried. The tap line is usually filled with a decent list of craft beers and there are tall cans of pbr.  They've gotten a lot of poor reviews based on bad service but I've never experienced that.  It's always been friendly and timely dining for me.The vibe gives off an artsy, hipster feel.  It's not a good spot to get pitchers of bud and a side of wings while watching the pats.  But in the category of "fancy pizza" it's one of the best in town.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,2/7/2014,4,21,9,10,6>If you're anything like me you are probably looking at yelp reviews to get ideas of "where to have dinner tonight".  And if you're partner is anything anything like my girlfriend you've probably thrown out ten or fifteen options and in response to each one she says "nah". When this happens to me, we go to boda. If I have guests visiting and they are hoping to get a taste of portland's food scene without smashing the piggy bank, we go to boda.  If I'm feeling sad and lonely I go to boda, sip on the old fashioned and gorge on the beef panang.  If I'm happy, I go to boda to celebrate with john dalys and papaya salad.  If I'm feeling like a regular old hipster, order up the quail eggs and a Thai basil Tom Collins at boda.  You get it.Emotional eating and drinking problems aside, boda is a consistently satisfying dining experience and a pleasing answer to "where to have dinner tonight".
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,2/6/2014,70,177,,9,7>I've been wanting to check out Little BIGS since I read about them on Yelp. When a place is new and gets such high marks from Yelpers, especially some of the Yelp-erati, I take note.I don't do a lot of sweets/pastries, but when I do, I want it to be worth the calorie-count, and subsequent workout(s) required to burn them off. Since I already had calories "in the bank" this morning from my early AM swim at the SoPo Community Pool, and Little BIGS was about 2 miles away, I was all about making a morning donut/pastry run afterwards. So glad I did!!The location, while not exactly hidden, was easy to miss coming from that side of town and I went right by it, over the railroad overpass, and I had to turn around. Here's an easy landmark to locate Little BIGS if you're visiting for the first time; it's next to Local Acapulco Tanning. Good-sized lot, also.I walked in and it wasn't busy, so I had a chance to meet and chat up owners, James Murray Plunkett (busy baking away) and Pamela Fitzpatrick Plunkett. Great people, very friendly, and all about answering my questions and helping me make some great selections (you didn't think I was walking out with one item, did you?).I went with two glazed donuts, one for me and one for my better half. What's really neat about their donuts, at least the glazed ones, is that they save the donut hole, and you get a donut and a bonus donut hole, all perfectly glazed, and melt in your mouth.These aren't your run-of-the-mill "air" donuts, typical of places where "America runs on _____" as their tagline. If I was running on their donuts, I'd be running down. In fact, one of their delectable glazed donuts has had me running all morning and it's now early afternoon and I'm just thinking about lunch.Luckily for me, Pamela talked me into going with one of their egg pies, which they also make in-house, so I'll be sampling some more Little BIGS' goodness in a few minutes, as soon as I wrap up my review duties. These small, hand-made pies, with a variety of different fillings remind me, and I'd describe them as being like a mini-quiche that fits in the palm of your hand. Great-looking mini-pie crusts, and the smells coming off the pie rack had me, not to mention the amazing visuals of a rack of not only donuts, but these amazing little pies, which they also offer for lunch.I was a fan of Frosty's and liked to stop post-swimming for a treat for the road. Unfortunately they closed their SoPo location. Luckily, Little BIGS will be able to fill that void with donuts that I think are even better, and that's saying something, as I'm down with Frosty's for donuts.Count me as a fan, for sure!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,2/5/2014,16,175,,6,2>What a pleasant surprise. Their bubble tea has been some of the tastiest I have ever had, and that is saying something. But that goes to show you that they use fresh ingredients. I got a ginger almond milk tea and I could taste the fresh pressed ginger juice. For those who has tasted fresh ginger, it has this inherently biter, bright and almost numbing feel that is at first abrupt than refreshing. I was so happy with it. My cousin got the lychee green tea. Again, a strong green tea presence with the fresh tasting lychee that tasted so nice and absolutely refreshing. The feeling that came about when I tasted it was like this coolness that washed over my body. No exaggeration.Their prices are similar to Boston's. The only thing is their bubbles get hard after awhile. They don't stay tender if let's say you don't suck down your drink in 10 minutes. Also, it isn't that they use a large amount of ice, but when the ice does start to melt the flavor of the drink dramatically changes.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,2/4/2014,9,8,,5,5>I've been looking for a place to get large amounts of fried fish at a decent price, and I think I've found one here. Susan's has gotten a number of write ups about its freshness, which I can attest to. The fish was fresh enough to flake upon me picking it up. This lead to a messy plate but happy tastebuds. The portions were generous enough, and they had a 2 for $2.50 special on fish burgers when I visited, so I could have gone overboard (no pun intended) quite easily.In addition to the on-sale burgers, My mom and I split fish'n'chips and fried shrimps. The batter didn't have too much seasoning, but the ample amounts of tartar and cocktail sauce made up for this. The french fries were perfectly crispy, on my request.The restaurant is a simple fish shack--concrete floor with blue walls stock full of nautical nick-nacks and memorabilia. It's a little ways away from the action and buzz of downtown Portland, so you have to make it a destination (unless you're traveling on 302). But its on par with the lobster shacks you'll find in costal towns (like the one in my hometown of Cape Elizabeth) and offers a much better value.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,2/3/2014,111,121,1,5,6>We stopped by here for dinner with the family one Friday evening.  I had not been in since before the fire and am really glad this place is back in action.  It was very busy the evening we went as it is a college town, but we were able to find a couple separate small tables for our family, but were lucky enough to be able to move to a larger corner table that became available before our dinner was ready.  GHOP is a self seating, order at the counter establishment.  We ordered a couple pizzas and beverages...they do have a selection of draft beers including Allagash White, a favorite of mine.  Even for being very busy with eat in and take out customers, I did not think it took very long for our order to be ready.  The atmosphere is as should be expected, rather load and busy.  There are people coming in and out at all times.  They have large screen televisions playing a variety of sports channels as well.  And of course there is the pizza.  Our family loves pizza so I have had amazing, great, good and not so good pizzas.  I rank GHOP's pizza in the "great" category  The crust is my favorite part as it is a bit puffy and crunchy at the same time (not sure of a better way to describe it!).  But the sauce is also tasty.  We had left overs and I wish I could bring back that fresh out of the oven taste and texture, but its definitely not the same reheated.If you are in the Gorham area I highly recommend checking out the newly renovated restaurant.  It was much better than many town "House of Pizza" restaurant locations I have been to.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,2/2/2014,39,99,3,4,2>hey CAT owners-you can shop here too! I have to buy a certain brand cat food and always drove to an out of the way store to buy it. Was horrified when I ran out on a sunday. Popped in here and was helped promptly, out the door in 5 minutes. Love how knowledgeable the staff was. No idea if they have time to be helpful in the summer with all the tourists, but highly recommend. Then again I am a cat owner so I don't need to be coddled. haha!!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,2/1/2014,26,54,3,5,4>Mostly great things to say about this place! Went here for dinner tonight with a friend and although it was busy we were seated in a nice, comfy booth right away. Atmosphere is quite warm and inviting... clean as well. Waitress was super cute and service was excellent. I read another review that mentioned tea but I had to ask for it, there was no mention of tea on the menu (only drink menu they have is alcoholic) and when I asked if she had a non-alcoholic drink menu, she just mentioned soda. Moral of the story, ask for tea! it's free and will warm you up in this freezing winter we're having. I ordered the hot and sour soup (was a special) which is the best I've ever had. They should really add it to the main menu. One complaint that I would have is that their menu is limited- especially for vegetarian options. A little more variety would be nice. I also had the Kale wide rice noodles which were tasty but nothing super impressive like the soup. The food came out in a timely fashion as well. One mild annoyance was that there seemed to be loud live music coming from somewhere upstairs on and off? It was difficult to talk over when it was happening. Overall, I will definitely go back! Just wish they would expand the menu.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,1/31/2014,8,12,1,3,2>French Bistro on Warf street that once you walk in you feel like your in Europe, on vacation. We went for lunch and It was very cozy and low key. Walking in you kinda get to see the bright walls with all natural wood, and fresh roses at every table. This really gives a feel of being warm & inviting yet cozy and intimate. The owner (who is extremely french) is very friendly and charming and often make his rounds to the tables to say Hi (or Bonjour) or even take your order if it's slow.  So down to the food. The wine here is very good, so i really recommend getting a glass here bc it is a fair price and portion (6-8$ a glass) I had the Squash soup all fresh and local was perfect! Perfect size, perfect richness, not to heavy but not weak or watery by any means. light and packed with a true flavor of squash! I had their special of the day which was a Pork Lion wrapped in goat cheese & mushrooms, some potato puree on the side and an Apple demi-glaze. it was art in food form and more importantly it taste as good as it looks/sounds! My gf had one of their crepes which is what they are known for and loved it! the portions here are very healthy but not so much you'll need a doggy bag (just the way I like it). you leave feeling light, full and very happy considering the price tag for all this is very fair (6-12$ starter) (12-18$ lunch or main). Between the bright warm decor, classic french music in the background and fantastic food, The Merry Table really makes you feel like you took a mini French vacation. Love this place.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,1/30/2014,5,6,2,8,4>Nearly everything I've had here has been perfect: a crispy pad Thai, larb gai and larb moo (I get one of these two Thai salads every time I go), a spicy duck dish (can't remember the name), fish cake and chicken satay appetizers. Complimentary "tastes" (small salads with yummy dressing and a piece of fried spring roll) have been brought out each time I've visited, which is a really nice touch. Service is extremely friendly. And don't miss the homemade coconut ice cream! It is literally the best I have ever had, and I still order it even when I'm full. It's BYOB here, so bring your own adult beverages if you're in the mood.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/29/2014,74,300,8,11,8>Last minute change of plans... on a Saturday night... "Let's go to Fore Street"In case you hadn't gathered from other reviews, this could have been a disaster. Line up outside, hope to get a walk in spot, etc. We were about 10th in line at 4:45, they open at 5:00 to start the roulette of reservations. We got to the front of the line -"We can either have you wait in the bar area and eat at the bar by 5:30/5:45 or so or 8:30 in the dining room"I expected this, so was not upset by it... It's really our own fault for changing our plans at 2:30 on the DAY OF. Silly us. We opted for the bar seating since it's the full menu and, at eight months pregnant, I had no interest in waiting until 8:30pm to eat. Early Bird Special!We had a great experience. Fore Street has a reputation that precedes itself... honestly, Portland has so many good restaurants, I find it hard to give out a 5 star to anyone because "Best thing I've ever eaten" status could be challenged at any time.The nitty gritty - since I know long reviews can be annoying:Atmosphere - great ambiance at the bar, not as loud as the dining room since it's further from the kitchen. Great, knowledgeable server/bar tender who has been at Fore Street for 17 years. Whoa. All food was nicely timed. Food - delish, as one would expect. The portions were not as "darling" as I expected them to be - my beet salad was HUGE, my husbands salad was also sizeable. Bread came out early. Our meals were smaller, but complemented the size of the apps well. I had hake (served in its own little cast iron dish, nicely prepared) and Hubs had the ravioli. This vegetarian option was good, smaller but absolutely striking in flavor. Dessert was an apple tart, shared between the two of us (who am I kidding, I inhaled most of it, while Hubs could only hope to get his fork in there in between my bites)Drinks - couldn't go wrong! Expansiveeeeee drink menu.All told - 2 apps, four alcoholic drinks, one non-alcoholic drink, 2 entrees (on the less expensive side - no $45 rib eye), 2 coffees, one dessert - WITH tip - $150. Not nearly as damaging to the wallet as I had anticipated.We were done by 7:30 and I went home and put on my pajamas. HA.
