<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,7/18/2014,97,45,,5,2>Pizzeria Limone is my  my favorite chain pizza restaurant and one of my favorite places for pizza in SLC.What I orderedPizzeria Limone offers more what i call restaurant style pizza and their crust is great. It's always crisp with a nice chew and never overcooked/over charred. They have a big menu with interesting flavor combinations and specials that change almost daily so there is always a nice variety. Everything I have tried has been awesome and my favorite was one of the specials (Chabra: Dried cherries basil sausage goats cheese).Cut to the Chase: Really 4.5 Stars but I will round down to 4 because of the price. Other than that you cannot go wrong with Pizzeria Limone. Its casual and they offer pizza that I can eat literally anytime.Good: Great Pizza Quality/Good Menu VarietyBad: Kinda Pricy
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,7/17/2014,54,206,1,10,6>Seriously, if this place were at 900E instead of 900W, I would think people would be raving about it all the time.Small asian fusion plates in an ultra-modern, almost nightclub-like setting (the ultra-modern-ness has worn a bit-- I think they need to repaint the floors, for example), with Japanese anime showing on TVs all over the place on the wall.  The food ranges from very good to delicious.  We particularly liked the Aubergine Stacks and xoxo noodles, but you really can't go wrong with anything.The place was absolutely empty when we were there, with two other tables dining at prime time on a weekend night.  Come on, Yelpers, check this place out and keep it in business!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,7/16/2014,59,71,6,4,2>Great food at a reasonable cost. I don't understand why the building has to be so small. It seems that the business could support some extra square footage. I don't love the trend that is developing of packing in a busy eatery to the smallest possible space. It's uncomfortable. I don't like trying to find a place to stand while I wait for my order. I don't like suffering through a panic attack just to get a Machine Gun sandwich.  The waffles are worth it though. The fries are predictably great as well. I like all of the different flavored mayo. Maybe the third location will have some leg room.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/15/2014,24,49,4,5,5>i absolutely love coachmans and have since i was just a little girl.the customer service is always great.i used to love coming to get the waffle with a scoop of icecream on it. SOOOO tasty.Now i get the french toast or ham and cheese omlet with the country style potatoes. this time my boyfriends adopted brother had the ribs meal which was HUGE he only ate half and had to save the other half for dinner. He was certainly a fan and said he would totally come back.I love that everything is still "older" looking cause it takes me back to a time when things were easier and life was simple.also they only except cash or checks no cards :)
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,7/14/2014,105,420,2,10,8>I do believe this is the best BBQ in the State. That said, I will continue looking. You can see my list to see where I've been -- and reviewed.Brisket is the hardest meat to make correctly. It is also the grandest meat when done right. I've only found two places that do it right, and this is one of them. I asked for the fatty end and that's what they gave me. When eating BBQ, you've already already admitted this will not be a low fat, low calorie meal. Indulge.I'm never tempted to get chicken. It's pretty much a given it will be dry. Well ... my parents really wanted the chicken sandwich. I watched at they took a complete chicken/thigh still on the bone and tore it apart and put everything on a bun. Damn, that looked good. I'm having chicken when I come back. The ribs were just a tad on the dry side, but delicious.The highest compliment I can give is to say that the excellent sauce is only needed as a compliment. The BBQ is so good "dry" that it really doesn't need sauce.Sides are so important to the total experience. We tried the fries, baked beans, hush puppies and slaw. Fries -- first class. Slaw excellent. The beans were a little sweet for me, but for sweet beans, excellent. The only flaw was dry dense hush puppies. Now, did I mention the beer list? It is quite good. Multiple choices I really wanted to drink. I always feel sad for Bud drinkers, but that's another story. It's the beer list that makes this my #1 pick. Five Star in Orem is as good, with better slaw. They just don't have beer. So, it's always carry out.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2014,7/13/2014,38,93,3,5,2>duck taco is pretty good--would recommend this item from the menu+nice, clean place+good duck taco--meat doesn't taste gamey+pretty building+good queso dip -: pricy for value compared to local taquerias-: sauce that they gave was pretty bland and that's what I judge taqueria on-: no complimentary chips, salsa like many taquerias we've been toRecommend if you like fusion taquerias, not if you want some authentic Mexican food.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,7/12/2014,186,563,3,5,4>Super delicious indian food in Jordan Landing of all places. I was thrilled to learn this place existed, having moved to the west side and reallllllly missing my beloved Kathmandu. We had a great time at Bombay house. I had the saag paneer, my hubby had the chicken tikka masala and our buddies that came with had something else I can't remember. There were massive shrimp involved and it looked so yummy. I was a little bummed that the dinners didn't come with naan. I know not all places do, but our favorites include plain naan with the meal. Here it is $1.95 for plain and more for garlic and other varieties. It is a massive piece of naan, though! And very good. It is smallish and can get busy, so come early.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/11/2014,81,221,1,5,3>Amazing. Our party of 7 enjoyed a 3 hour dining experiences indulging in endless crab legs, scallops, oysters, etc. There wasn't anything that I personally tried, that I didn't love. The poke was fabulous, clams and shrimp were great as were the fresh oysters. But the show stopper...those damn crab legs! We ate and ate and ate. Once all of the shells and lemon and butter were wiped from our mouths, hair, pants and shirts, we sat in a state of pure, gut-busting bliss. Our server, Laurie, made the entire evening, even more perfect. She, and the entire service team, work seamlessly with one another. We were treated to fresh, warm towels throughout our meal and our water glasses never empty.  I couldn't have asked for better service; definitely in line with my expectations for a Deer Valley experience. In my opinion, the price is right on with the level of service and the quality and freshness and the offerings. I cannot wait to go back next season!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/10/2014,109,387,1,7,4>not bad, not bad...!Went there on a whim with some co-workers right in-between work and an event, so we were sort of on a schedule.Came here and had some beers, and a couple of burgers, a wrap and a quesadilla. The food was good. A bit greasy on the fries, but tasty. The burgers were well cooked and had a creative variety of burgers in the menu, which was nice to see for a change. The wrap looked great too. The quesadilla was a little boring, but it seemed more like an appetizers than a "plate".They served beers properly, with the respective paired glass/cup/goblet. So cool.Nice location and the outside sitting area although a bit tiny, was nice.The service was great and was great about our short schedule situation. If I'm in downtown area again at around the same time (6-7pm), I would definitely consider coming back to this place.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,7/9/2014,68,229,5,8,4>Cortona was a great find!  After picking up friends from a doctor's appointment in Park City, we wanted somewhere close and fast.  A quiet little cafe tucked between two other restaurants in a strip mall, Cortona fulfilled both requirements nicely.The lunch menu consisted entirely of paninis, which was good.  One of my companions, an elderly man, didn't know what prosciutto is.  Our waitress, who I think was actually nice, but definitely lacked je ne sais quoi, repeated "It's ham.  Aged ham." over and over in a flat voice until he stopped asking.  I ordered The Livorno, chicken breast and pesto on a panini, and I really enjoyed it.  Everyone at our table commented on how delicious the bread was.  Crispy outside, soft and warm inside, it may have been the best panini I've ever tasted.  The sandwiches came with a side of plain Sunchips, and I observed the staff splitting a small bag (the kind you'd pack in your kid's lunch) four different ways.  Pretty weak, but luckily the sandwiches were delicious and big enough that I didn't want my five allotted chips anyway.After lunch, we debated over whether or not to indulge in gelato.  "Ge-LAT-oh?!" asked my same sweet companion.In perfect form, the waitress chimed in (loudly, because my friend is old), "IT'S EYE-TALIAN ICE CREAM."  Classic.  We've been repeating that around the house for days.We DID get the gelato (I couldn't pass it up, having read that Cortona's gelato is "an incandescent aria in your mouth").  I tried the basil & olive oil and honey and feta flavors just to satisfy my curiosity before ultimately going with chocolate Oreo.  Not good.  No Oreo pieces and it just tasted like a weak chocolate.  Next time I'll make a better choice.I really liked Cortona, and our comical waitress!  Next time I'm in PC (Sundance!?), I'll be sure to make a stop!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,5/28/2014,30,54,2,7,4>After recommendations from my friends I finally decided to eat here for lunch. This place is located right next to the prison, but don't let that deter you away. The food is really tasty and the serving size is huge.I got the Captain Burger. Two patties, all the fixings plus crispy bacon and onion rings. I also got 3 cookies for a $1 and those were great too. Make sure you stick with white chocolate cookies all the way. I also tried some of the sweet potato fries, seasoned fries and tater tots. The food is definitely god for what it costs but it's nothing out of this world. If you haven't tried eating here I would suggest you do though. I'll go back in a few months.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/27/2014,44,68,1,8,5>I don't need to write a good review of this place, because the lines out the door at all times proves people know. If you say it's too "Americanized" you are missing the whole point. The Mandarin decided what style dish they want to serve, then go about making it the best, the best ingredients, sauces, everything. The things they do well, they do REALLY well..Char Shu is great, the egg rolls are perfect. The 5 taste shrimp is to die for, but the top secret amazing thing that Mandarin does is the duck. The Peking Duck. This duck is a religious experience. Skin so crispy and delicious, it's perfect. Last year I had Peking duck in Beijing, at THE place for duck... the Mandarin's duck does take at least 2 days advance notice to order it, but man.. it's worth it. I think this is a seriously overlooked delicacy, and an amazing thing to have in the Utah food scene..
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,5/26/2014,146,292,7,10,8>If your fingers are still glistening from the bone marrow when the perfectly cooked ribeye for two arrives at your table... If both cuts of meat come from the same locally sourced animal...If the notion of "your entree" is quickly rejected as forks fly and food is shared from every corner to every mouth...If you're surrounded by the delirious smiles and semi-glazed eyes of your dining companions...  If the entire staff--from host to Handler--makes sure that you leave with a fat belly and an abiding sense of cosmic benevolence...Then you have clearly dined at The Copper Onion.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,5/25/2014,53,148,1,9,3>WOW WOW WOW! I can only give 5 stars? I want to give it TEN!I was truly blown away by this little place. I felt like having some pasta, and Buca Di Beppo didn't sound so great (I think I've tried all their dishes in the menu already) so we Yelped... and so glad we did! My husband found this place and back then it only had 3 reviews. We drove by and first impression wasn't so great. It's a tiny little gas station converted into a restaurant. It seemed to be a bit elegant, and we had brought the kids with us. We were about to drive away but thought of trying it out. After all, the kids seemed to be in a good mood. We were quickly seated and I was glad to see they had high chairs available. We ordered quickly and food came soon after. My OH MY!The calamari appetizer was tender and sublime. Oh I have dreams about it. I tried their special, which was seafood pasta (I don't recall the fancy name, but believe me IT WAS GOOD!) and my husband and my older kid had other pasta dishes of the menu. Everything was just beyond delicious. Our server was very attentive and very kind to the kids as well. We even had dessert with high hopes that it would be the best ending to our delicious meal... and it was! We had a canaille and a panna cotta. Both so so good. I have to say that the best cannolli I have ever had was in Park City, a little gelato place in Kimball Junction (they make the shell from scratch!), but this was so very close. And just really the perfect meal overall. I am planning on going back on a date (sans kiddos) to enjoy sipping on a glass of wine too.It is worth mentioning that this place just opened in November 2013. Kuddos to the owner and staff for pulling off such a great start with great food and great service!!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/24/2014,70,238,2,4,3>This place crushes it! Persian food is some of the best you can dream of.  I just wish there was more of it Utah. My table ordered a big spread so we could try a lot of everything. The eggplant app was ridiculous. I haven been thinking about it for day.  I also really enjoyed the chicken kabobs.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,5/23/2014,245,216,4,5,4>I LOVE this place. Is it fancy and new? Absolutely not, which is why I like it. Sure, it looks closed most of the time but don't let it deter you. It's rarely busy and I can't decide if this is a good thing. I mean, I am happy that I can always get a lane, no matter what day of the week I go. But I also don't want it to close down...Rich, the owner, wears all kinds of hats. He will ring you up, polish the shoes, AND get you that pitcher of beer to get you to the sweet spot where you're bowling turkeys left and right. It's a no fuss joint but it's perfect. I might be biased because I bowled my best game ever there but whatever. Just go.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,5/22/2014,103,85,,5,4>Just checking in to let everyone know that Cubby's has most assuredly withstood the test of time. We continue to come here and actually I think it has improved over time--which is saying a LOT for any restaurant. The consistency is there, the space is bigger since expanding so seating is ample, and the service is quick and efficient. Keep up the great work!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2014,5/21/2014,197,177,,8,1>I simply adore the selection of pastries at The Bakery. I have carried out and stayed to snack on a pastry and a latte with friends. We've tried the tiramisu, fruit tarts, paillentin, and miTwo things pop out as problematic bringing an otherwise 5 star review to a 3. The interior, which is newly and stylishly remodeled, is pleasant enough, but when dining in I get  a strange cafeteria vibe. Too bright and too open. Tables spaced uncomfortably close together. Second (and bigger) problem is the service when you dine in. It's usually been seat yourself when I visit. Be warned, you could be ignored for up to 15 minutes, even on a slow night, servers bustling all around. Every single visit I've had to go retrieve someone to help us. Once you get a server, if you mispronounce one of their French pastries, get ready for a snappy correction.Grab some pastries to go and enjoy. Dine in and don't say I didn't warn you!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2014,5/20/2014,368,106,6,6,5>DANGER: flying spatulas, bursts of fire, razor sharp knives and flying food! That's outside in the parking lot trying to get in! (Sorry, still working on the funny part)There was a time about 5 years ago that we ate here at least weekly for quite some time and  I was burned out!We were reacquainted recently and it was an amicable reunion.   There were 7 in our party and the grill was a fun option. The kids love the show ending with the shrimp toss. The part where the chef throws a piece of shrimp at everyone and you try to catch it with your mouth is always a hit. Food is fine. I like the filet, noodles and vegetables.  Salmon, shrimp and scallops chicken and New York steak are all available as well as fried rice.Meals served with a cup of broth/soup and a house salad with ginger dressing, always plenty of food!There is a sushi bar in addition to the grill but I haven't tried it.  You are able to order sushi at the grill as well.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,5/19/2014,42,127,,6,2>I went to Forage recently for the first time in 2 years. In that time, they've gotten a new chef and changed their menu completely, and the quality hasn't dropped off at all. It's a little more expensive, but I still think it's a good value for what you get.Forage is more an experience than dinner - sort of a tour of food. The level of creativity behind the dishes is unparalleled, and every dish is a treat. Do yourself a favor and don't pore over the menu before you go - I think it's best experienced as a surprise. The service is fantastic as well. You feel like a guest in someone's home, and the attention to detail is fantastic. Several of the chefs come out to serve you dishes as well.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,5/28/2012,63,139,,5,5>I've driven past this place probably a few dozen times but I've never stopped until last weekend.  Its a brightly colored hole in the wall taqueria located next to a Strip Club and now has a place behind it called Restaurant Lolita.  Its probably safe to call it Lolita Corner at this point between its two neighbors.The restaurant is brightly colored a very overly decorated.  There was a lot of effort put into making this place seem like a Nuevo Laredo Taqueria and honestly they've done a good job with the look.  Aside from whatever you may think about the decorations, the place is very clean which is much appreciated.  The dining room was well taken care of and the kitchen, which is open to the dining room, is also well taken care of.I had a combination plate with Chile Relleno, Tamale and Carnitas Taco with rice and refried beans on the side.  The Chile Relleno was stuffed with cheese and fried in an egg batter that was awesome.  They egg batter has a great taste that made the offering better than your average relleno.  The tamale is your average tamale, not terribly memorable but the mazza to meat ratio was good.  With the carnitas taco the meat was a touch dry, but the pork did have a great flavor.In addition to the plated food there was a great little salsa bar.  It had a few different choices of salsas for the chips.  The variety of choices on the salsa bar was appreciated, the cups were a little small but that seems to be something you see most places with the salsa bars.The location may be a tad sketchy and there's potentially a language barrier but the food is worth the risk.  If you want a great authentic taqueria experience Taqueria Lolita is your spot.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,5/27/2012,106,206,4,4,4>Man, this was good pizza.  My first experience with Settebello was eating my husband's leftover pizza that he brought home one night.  The next day he was looking for his leftovers and only found a guilty looking wife.  I finally went to the restaurant itself and really enjoyed the proscuitto wrapped arugula salad- what delicious olive oil and balsamic!  We then shared a margherita pizza and had some slices from our companion's pizzas.  All delicious with really great quality ingredients.  The crust just jives with my pizza soul- it's exactly what I seek in pizza crust: thin, chewy, and crispy in just the right way with a smidge of charcoal taste from the oven.  (Of course, pizza being such a personal thing for people, my opinion is likely not the same as yours...)  Sure, it's not cheap, but in my opinion, terrific pizza shouldn't be cheap- that's what national delivery pizza chains are for.  The restaurant itself is actually quite large, but I hear that it does get busy at times.  We were there on a Sunday night with quite a large group and had no trouble getting seated.  Capo Gelateria is right next door, and you can stay at your table and they'll serve you gelato for dessert, or you can get up and walk right on over for dessert.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,5/26/2012,63,225,,7,5>After months of driving by the World Dog food cart on Highland, we decided to stop for lunch on our way home from the gym. Good news- we were very impressed and will be back!Joe, the owner, could not be more friendly or charismatic! We walked up a couple of minutes before he was actually open, but he was super cool and assured us he could have whatever we wanted up and ready in no time. The menu consists of about 8 gourmet-ish dogs- with names like The Buffalo (celery and carrot slaw with blue cheese and buffalo sauce), The Austin (Joe's homemade chili, cheese and French fried onions) and The Malibu (tofu dog with tomatoes, sprouts, avocado and a California dressing), his homemade tomato basil soup and hot chocolate. He has hot dogs, several different kinds of sausages and even veggie dogs for the non-meat eaters like me! Although everything has been developed to taste amazing, you can interchange the toppings and the dogs- Joe is super laid back and welcomes special requests! I was very impressed that he made his own Malibu dressing, tomato soup, chili and marinara sauce!Prices are good- they range from $3 (build-your-own) to $5 (tofu dogs). For $1, you can add a soda and a bag of chips. For $2, you can add a bowl of his really great tomato soup. And he offers Dollar Dogs on Mondays!He has been open since July and I really wish him well- he is a trained chef, and although he'd probably make more money working downtown at lunch time, he chooses to work in Sugar House because he loves the neighborhood so much and really feels that it is up and coming. Great guy and great food- check it out!!!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,5/24/2012,118,131,2,4,4>Maggies is a cool place that I seem to find myself going to once a month or so.  Not a huge selection of beers on tap and the TVs are pretty small for how high up they are. The one thing that makes this place pretty fun is the staff. Almost every person there is great to deal with and since there are usually not very many people there on weekdays, they are super quick with getting you drinks. They have decent bar food which is also always a plus.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,5/23/2012,114,115,3,7,6>So this place doesn't have pink walls. It's mostly glass because it used to be a Winchell's. Little World is truly little, only a few cramped tables, perhaps that's why they have a drive thru window. And they need it as this is a popular place. Why? Because their food is really, really good. They have perhaps the best Chinese tofu in the valley. It really shows in their hot pots. If you haven't had one, you should because you're missing out. Their Peking spare ribs are pretty stellar.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,5/22/2012,67,88,2,6,4>Am I really reviewing a hospital cafeteria? Why yes I am and I really don't care that you may think less of me. The selection that they offer is some of the best around and beats many sandwich shops or any other lunch establishment.I have had a cranberry turkey wrap and loved it! The flavors are something you would expect to pay close to $10 for but at more than half that you are in for a treat. I would literally come here just to eat. Can a hospital cafeteria have good food? Apparently yes.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,5/21/2012,46,405,4,2,3>I came here to whet the old whistle after seeing the Joseph Smith movie at temple square ... here I'll give you a second to allow that to process. I liked this place a lot. The bartenders/waiters were very helpful and friendly, very willing to put on the game that I most wanted...Knicks of course! They have a fully stocked bar for you alcoholics and also serve some pretty delicious food. I like the location down town next to everything and right by Trax...what could be better than passing up a DUI to hop right on a train to drop you off home? It's clean inside and as you eat and drink the employees are constantly cleaning right in front of you and even take the time to take whatever trash talk you deem necessary to dish out while you're team destroys the competition. Not a sports bar though, this attracts the 30 to 40 business crowd from what I saw. They have a juke box which was playing Hall and Oats while I was there, literally for over an hour. Best part, the lady didn't even charge me for the drink that I spilled.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,5/20/2012,24,70,4,5,4>Brigham we aren't in Utah anymore... That was my first impression as I walked out into the center of the new City Creek Center.  The outdoor setting is beautiful to take in.  I love the idea of the retractable roof for inclement weather conditions, though I have yet to see it closed.  I have been 3 times now and overall am very impressed.  It is nice to have a new place to shop and some new stores to boot!  The lunch time hours are insane!  Mob like crowds surround all of the food areas and restaurants.  Don't even think about going to the Cheesecake Factory unless you show up before 11:30 or after 1:30.  It was in the food court on one of my visits that I was reminded of the Church connection.  With it's close proximity to the mecca of the LDS religion, there is an abundance of conversations about "Jeff's mission call, temple recommends, visiting teaching...etc".  As far as the so called "dress code " is concerned.  I have only heard about it here on Yelp.  I have yet to make my appearance at City Creek in my booty shorts and tube top. I guess I will save that for picking up the kids from school. ;)The parking garage is large and the ceilings are high.  I don't have to worry about scratching the top of my SUV.  :)  I also love the convenience of the parking ticket machines.  They take credit cards and you can either pay inside the mall or at the gate when you are exiting.  The only stores in the mall that validate are Nordstrom and Macy's so be sure to grab a validation before you go.My only real dislike about city creek is the small ground fountain like the one at the Gateway.  It is an open invitation for people to bring their kids in swimsuits and run around like its a water park.  In the summer all the coolers, beach towels and lawn chairs are really going to detract from the upscale feel of the place.  Just sayin!!!!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,5/19/2012,68,80,6,5,5>Crispy Noodle Wraps. That is all you need to know.Let me break this down for you: Kate C. sees good reviews on Yelp for Chabaar. Kate C. orders to-go at Chabaar. Kate C. can't decide on one item so orders three. Kate C. brings home enough food to feed four babies and a goat. Kate C. gets full after the appetizer.Appetizer: Crispy Noodle WrapsEntree: Pad See-ew with BeefDessert: Coconut Ice CreamAfter eating the Crispy Noodle Wraps I decided that's the only thing I will order at Chabaar from now on (I tend to become infatuated with one menu item and never stray away from it.) Little crispy bites of joy wrapped in cool and crunchy lettuce. With a full belly, I still managed to try the Pad See-ew. The beef was very good but the noodles were a little dry (maybe a result of ordering to-go?) The ice cream was creamy deliciousness! It had some random chunks in it but I battled my way through them. Side note: there is no way this ice cream is vegan. NO.WAY. How do I know? Because it doesn't taste like the cushion inside your couch pillow.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,5/17/2012,22,19,,4,4>Can I just say, that I love the rapidly-growing concept of food trucks! It's a beautiful thing when a small kitchen on wheels can produce creative, phenomenal dishes at a reasonable price. I remember when I decided that I was moving to SLC, my first thought was, "Man, how awesome would it be for there to be a tasty food truck in the city?!" Minutes later, I stumbled upon Chow Truck's Twitter feed, which I made add is a great way for a business-on-wheels to inform its loyal followers or anxious first-timers where they will be and for how long. OK, OK, enough of my quest for wheeled-eats. On to the delicious details:Once you learn where they've posted up, it's not hard to spot the bright yellow truck.  I've found in Pioneer Park for the Tuesday evening farmer's market, as well as the Key Bank on 13th East by the U.  They tend to stick to the same rotation of locations throughout the city, which are updated weekly on their website.  I've had Chow Truck three times now, and each time is as good as the last.   Their core rotation of meats (and tofu for you vegetarians in the crowd) and Asian flavors can be served in one of two different vessels: the corn tortilla or slider bun. I've enjoyed both and feel that it's all up to what you're craving.  Each month or so they serve up a featured taco and/or quesadilla, usually feature a local chef or restaurant. Gotta love the support of other local eats! I had their BBQ Brisket taco (inspired by a local award-winning BBQ-er) and just the other day had the Grilled Lamb Taco with Hummus and Salsa Fresca (inspired by local Middle Eastern restaurant, Mazza). Their specials are usually listed on the fold-out chalk board they post by the truck, so keep an eye out for new creations! If your stomach feels up for some serious devouring, add a side of the Root Chips. They are a wonderfully spiced and crunchy treat! Need something to wash all of this tasty stuff down with? No worries, they have plenty of drink choices iced down for you right at the window (although $3 for the large tea drinks is steep, in my opinion). If you haven't tried Chow Truck, you need to chase them down soon! Well, not literally, that would look silly. Try to find them when they're not on the move, which shouldn't be too hard.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,7/26/2011,44,207,,3,2>I've known Texas BBQ, and you sir, are Texas BBQ.  Kaiser's is a great little shop away from pretty much everywhere in the heart of Salt Lake.  It reminds me of some of the little "hole in the wall" BBQ places I've eaten at while visiting the lone star state.  Great food for a reasonable price with indoor picnic table atmosphere.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,7/25/2011,68,80,6,5,7>Ah. Porcupine and I are old friends. He never lets me down. This is my go-to spot whenever I'm not in the mood to try anything crazy and all I want is the comfort of going somewhere with consistently good food, good beer, and a great atmosphere.After visiting Porcupine so often, here are my insider tips:*First of all, if it's warm and sunny outside, always ALWAYS sit on the deck. There is no better feeling than relaxing on that deck with a couple beers and friends as you stare up at the mountains.*It will always be packed on Friday night. You're looking at over an hour wait. And they don't take reservations. BUT if you've got a small party (2-3) and ninja skills like me, try to find yourself a seat at the bar. You can order the entire menu from the bar and it comes out 10x faster than if you were sitting at a table. The bartenders told me that this is because the rest of the restaurant staff want their drinks made fast, so in return the bartenders get their food made fast. WIN!*If you do sit at the bar, be aware that you are only allowed to order beer there. Doesn't really make sense but if you want a cocktail, you have to wait for a table. Don't say I didn't warn you.*The soup is always good. It's creamy and warm and comes with the most amazing roll for dipping. If you're ordering something else, at least get a cup of soup to start with (a favorite is the Chicken Noodle.)*For an appetizer, I recommend the Artichoke Cheese Dip. It comes out burning hot (so be careful. I always, without fail, burn my tongue on this bad boy) and the bread is perfectly soft and crispy! The Nachos are another favorite. They are HUGE.*The salads with Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing are amazing. I'm not sure if they are as good with other dressings, but my recommendation would be the Southwestern Salad. FYI, the "regular" portion is huge!*The Pizza, Sandwiches, and Canyon Favorites are all safe bets for yummy food but I've heard the Pasta is hit or miss. A favorite dish among my friends is the Wahoo Fish Tacos.The main point I want to get across is you will never regret eating here. It's almost like being single and in the dating scene: you try all of the new exciting restaurants but Porcupine is the person you always end up going back to when your dates disappoint.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,7/24/2011,23,29,1,6,5>Yumm! I went two days ago for the first time and I'm going back today. It's nice to find non-franchise food. I could swim in the yogurt sauce. The lamb was really good. Even the side salad was good. The rosemary bread stuff was gross and dry. I didn't order it but they just brought it out. They shouldn't have. Had the schwarma and I'm having it again. We went at lunchtime and they were pretty quick. The whole setup reminds me of noodles and co but with different food.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,7/23/2011,51,331,9,7,3>Granite Bakery is one of my favorites. For one, they made our wedding cake (by "our," I don't me you and me, Yelp--that law hasn't been passed yet), and for two, they make some mean baked goods.The sugar cookies and donuts are pretty good, but the star of the show are their cinnamon knots. These suckers are addicting. You might as well buy a bunch, because if you don't you'll drive around the block and come back to buy 12 more of the knots for your "friends." (we all know they're really for you)
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,7/22/2011,50,142,,4,3>Great selection of beer and wines, live music and great food. I highly recommend the sweet potato fries. They are most delicious, with a great flavor, crisp but soft texture, and a great dipping sauce. For the main event Ahi Tuna Tacos, a light but filling meal, with fresh ingredients. The guacamole was especially good.  I also had a taste of the Jambalaya. AMAZING. A rich flavor with layers of ingredients and rice. I definitely want that next time. I can't wait to visit this place again.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/21/2011,22,64,24,6,5>I am practicing writing sentences. We dined at La Costa. We were seated promptly. The seats were bright and rosy, comfy and cozy yoo hoo. Our waiter was courteous, kind, and informative. He had a neatly trimmed beard. La Costa gives you free "heated" chips, salsa, and home-made bean dip. I ate a lot of the appetizer. I think its all you can eat. The appetizer pleased my stomach. All you can eat appetizers are always welcomed when I dine out. There is a patio where you can enjoy the weather. Some meteorologists aren't accurate.   Our food came so fast I thought we were at a fast food restaurant. The played Spanish/Hispanic/Mexican music while we ate. Do you think its possible to dance the Salsa, with salsa? I ordered a 2 enchilada platter. It came with 1 chicken, 1 sunrise with rice and beans. I would like to make out with my dinner it was that good. I felt fat after I ate it. My girlfriend ordered a chile verde burrito with rice and beans. It made her happy. She felt fat after she ate it. The portion sizes at La Costa are VERY generous. If you are still hungry after eating there you are probably eating too much. You might feel fat after eating at La Costa. The price is competitive. I would probably say average. We paid $25 (I think) including the tip. The post dinner mints leave a good taste in your mouth. They are "cinna" mints. I will return to La Costa again and again. My name is Scott, and I created Windows.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/10/2011,7/20/2011,172,109,8,4,3>How can you even write a review that stands out of seventy (70) plus reviews?  Wait and see.You can't make these at home.  Oh, gurl, you can search for a recipe on yahoo, bing or gurgle but when you find it... Haaaa, you'll figure out it's easier to head over to Bruges and have them do it for you.  These waffles are da bomb.  There's nothing anywhere in Salt City that even compares.   Too bad you either have to sit outside or come home smelling like a fryer if you eat inside, but the sun feels good.  Right?We usually get one with strawberries, chocolate and whipped cream to share.  Don't choke at the price, and remember that chocolate they use is not cheap, nor are the ingredients in that waffle you just inhaled.  There are secret ingredients in the recipe that are difficult to come by especially in our land locked little city.  The fries are good, but really, dear, it's spring you do want to fit in that new bathing suit, right?  Sit there and wonder how many meals people are going to skip after they inhale a large batch of fries and a couple tubs of sauce and then a waffle!   Chuckle, or as a friend said the other day, chortle all the way home.  Or better yet, walk around the park a few times.  Uh, maybe not.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,7/18/2011,496,962,11,11,9>These people are the real deal! I HATE RUNNING!! But when I go to this store, I want to LOVE RUNNING! They got me on the treadmill, while a camera shot footage of my footage... or feetage... whatever! MY FEET! GEEZ!Anyway, they were able to get me into a sweet pair of shoes that make me more comfortable while I run. They had me try a few different pairs and the ones they ultimately recommended were 40% off and the lowest priced of the set. This tells me that the running gurus here are more concerned with making me happy, safe and comfortable than with pumping up the cha-ching on my debit card.The guys and dolls at the Salt Lake Running Company are totally Useful, Funny and Cool!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,7/17/2011,180,33,3,12,4>So, here it is, my review of Dojo. When it comes to Japanese Food, I would consider myself a snob as having lived in Japan, the bar has set pretty high. I found out about Dojo via Twitter (they reached out to me and was able to carry on a conversation (1 Star for using social media well.))I had heard so many things about the "Real Ramen" that Dojo had to offer. Again, I am a HUGE Japanese food snob, so I thought I'd put it to the test.I had the White Dragon Roll (just trust me and order this one,) and the Pork Belly Ramen.Let me just say that this Ramen is legit...some of the best I have EVER had. The combination of the pork, a simple helping of green onions, a little Kamaboko (little pink slices of fish cake,) bean sprouts & seaweed all swimming in the traditional delish ramen broth make this a menu item to not miss. Oh, did I mention the egg in it?Really pleased with my experience at Dojo. I've already recommended it to people and will continue to do so...and I will go back.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,7/16/2011,33,39,,2,2>I was absolutely impressed!  The very first thing I noticed was they had PBR on draft.  That is a very rare thing around these parts.  I loved the atmosphere even if it was small.  I felt that the service was great however we did have to wait a while for our food.  It was well worth it!  I had a calzone cooked to perfection (ENORMOUS by the way) and my boyfriend had a personal pan pizza that was HUGE!  The bread sticks are to die for and are served with marinara and Alfredo sauce.  The side salad came with high quality lettuce and included pepperoni and even dried cranberries.  I loved how they used sheets of newspaper as their place mats because it gave you something to read while you were waiting.  I am only giving this place four stars however because we did have to wait for what seemed like a really long time.  I would have been happier if the bread sticks came out first instead of with our meal.  The place was fantastic and we had 2 boxes of left overs and there were only 2 of us.  I would highly recommend to others.  Just make sure to ask for your bread sticks as fast as possible.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,2/14/2014,51,331,5,10,7>This place is ridiculous. This place is over the top. This place is excessive. It is Guy Fieri reincarnate. Normally, these characteristics make me shy away from restaurants, but in this case, I couldn't care less.Go into this place knowing that you're going to have an over-the-top experience, and just focus on the food. The food here was so good I forgave the place for handing me three playing cards at the bar and telling me to try and throw them into a bucket to earn a free dessert. Pork cheek carnitas? Get them on everything, including the nachos and the burrito. The ribs are super tasty and the right texture, with an accompanying array of delicious BBQ sauces, including one mustard-based sauce that knocked my socks off. Tacos are great (get the fish tacos grilled), the Philly is wonderful, and the service was great. I came in really wanting to hate this place due to the schtick. But the food told me to shut up and just enjoy the crazy experience for what it is. And I did.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,2/13/2014,54,206,3,9,6>Horray for good hot dog places downtown.  Nothing says casual, city lunch like a dog, and Red Hot does it perfectly.Their menu includes standard fare, like Chicago and Coney dogs, and more exotic choices, like the Bahn Mi dog, with cilantro, jalapeno, cucumber, pickled daikon & carrots and, chipotle aioli, and the totally awesome Reservoir dog -- a bacon wrapped dog with corned beef, chili, and cheddar all wrapped in a tortilla.  That's right, it's exactly as you imagine it.Beyond the toppings, the dogs themselves taste really high quality... very beefy.  They're advertised as 100% kobe beef.  Now, a hot dog might be a waste for kobe, but it doesn't taste like someone just went down to Costco and bought a gross of wieners and boiled them up.  It makes a huge difference when you're charging $5 for a hot dog.  Also, you can get your dog grilled or steamed, however you prefer, and a little char really adds to the flavor.Veggie dogs are also available, and while the one I had didn't blow me away, you can be assured that your veggie friends will find something there to eat.  Oh yeah, and they have veggie chili, too.Add a nice selection of salads (like cucumber and pasta) or chili, and you can round out your meal in either the heart-attack-inducing or mostly-healthy manner.They also serve bahn mi sandwiches, which I've not gotten around to trying (mostly because I don't know how anyone could compete with Oh Mai in that arena, so I'm staying away).  Finally, I've always been thrilled with the service.  It's a hot dog stand, right, so how good will the service be?  Extremely friendly -- the guys there are always ready to make an ordering suggestion and can engage in you in the not-too-nosy way.  The last time I was there, someone's order got missed.  The manager did what he could to make it right, right away.If there is one complaint, it's that you're not going to pay hot dog vendor prices for you meal -- dogs are $5-7, and the combo adds another couple of bucks.  But the quality is there, and you can certainly be filled up with a dog and a side, so all in all, still an affordable lunch.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,2/12/2014,21,14,6,9,3>So let me just say first off, that my "as good as it gets" review, is strictly for alcohol. The food is hit and miss...it doesnt SUCK, and it provides good noshing when the alcohol starts to flow....but thats about it. Serious Mexican food lovers should not judge the food too harshly. Im from Atlanta and this is the first place ive been where 8 bucks can get you fucked up, driving is seriously questionable after one of their death stars...they are the size of my head and contain everclear, vodka....and the list goes on. Love this damn place...
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,2/11/2014,94,67,2,7,4>This is my favorite coffee place in the SLC, by that I mean that they have the best coffee around. The Guatemalan coffee I can't get enough of. The staff is super nice. There is a drive thru or you can go in. They have the best pumpkin latte I have ever had in my life. I wish it was available all year long. They sell really cool raw bean stuff inside too, check it out if you go (cups, mugs, etc.).
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,2/10/2014,97,45,6,11,7>I have been looking forward to writing this review because this is my go to late night place to eat in SLC and also one of my front-runners for the best pizza. What I orderedThe pizza quality can vary depending on the time. During the after clubbing rush the pizza can be overcooked (crust is too crispy and cheese has almost liequfied), but if you just go for a normal/late dinner it is less crowded and the pizza is more consistent. My typical order is 3 slices (I know that sounds like a lot but its just that good!): Cheese/Potato Bacon (which are regulars on the menu and available anytime)/ Special Slice (there are 3 normally that vary daily) and diet coke. The potato/bacon slice tastes like a baked potato and pizza had a baby and covered it in bacon. I  know it is unconventional combo for pizza but it's delicious and I definitely recommend it if it is your first time there. The specials are always something I look forward to getting because the flavor combos in both the toppings and sauces are always unique. Last time I was there I got the Drunk Candy (pineapple Canadian bacon with jalapeno) and it was delicious. I love this aspect of the pie hole because my experience there is never mundane and it keeps me going back.Cut to the Chase: 5 Stars! Pros: Daily specials/open late and slices are always available/Cheap/Great pizzaCons: Slightly inconsistent during late night rush
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,2/9/2014,159,264,2,10,6>I have been to Fiana Bistro several times in the last several months and I am loving this place.  In the Chartwell's black hole that the University of Utah Campus is it is nice to have a couple of awesome locally operated choices and this is one of them. They make their own breads, ramen, gellato, and more from scratch and the sandwiches, pizzas, and everything else on the menu with a hand made with love vibe that you don't often see anywhere much less on a college campus.  Getting here is not easy, parking is hard to find, but it is worth a journey if you are in the area and definitely worth a walk to the Molecular Sciences Building if you work on campus.  Be prepared to stand in line to place your order and for the look of a college campus buffet line, but expect hand made delicious food.  Totally worth it!  Awesome Ramen!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,2/8/2014,109,387,3,6,5>WHat a cool bar!super chill and cozy. The crowd is mellow and interesting.More of an alternative environment. A bit in the hipster side, with a pool table and maybe 7-10 tables (including tiny booths) is the capacity of this bar. Well... including the actual "bar" too. haha.good prices, and the bar tenders are sweet.You can tell this bar has a bunch of regulars, which means that is a great gem kept in secret from us mainstreamers :'( .
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,2/7/2014,64,99,2,11,8>BTG is a wine bar operated by the owners of Caffé Molise.  This is not a full review as it has been open less than a week.  BTG offers Salt Lake City I believe its first wine bar where you can get a 2oz, 5oz, or bottle of wine without getting food.  Currently, BTG offers primarily wines from the west coast and Italy.  They have a wide variety of reds and whites from those regions, but do not yet go there for Spanish or any other types of wines (they are going to be added though I heard).  I felt the prices were reasonable for all the pours and even some of the bottles.  I had a Malbec and Grenache 2oz pour and a full glass of a California Pinot Noir.  Unlike other cities outside of Utah, this is now an opportunity to try a very expensive wine with a 2oz pour at a reasonable price.  Wine is in cabinets and hooked up to a pressurized system that way it is as fresh as can be.  It looks very cool, but I do miss something about wine being pour from a bottle rather than a spout.   Along with wine, BTG serves a limited food menu with bruschettas, cheese plates, meatballs, and a mac and cheese that I wanted to try.  I was just checking it out so I will try the food soon.  In addition to their own menu, you can order from Caffé Molise which is a very nice touch.  In addition to wine and food, BTG serves cocktails and desserts.  The cocktails seemed pretty standard, but you can ask them to make anything. The ambiance seemed very chill and relaxed with some leather sofas, formal dining tables, and some booths in the window.  They also have a fairly large bar that you can fit a number of people at.  I get a sort of Red Door vibe from the place.  I could see myself meeting up with friends before dinner downtown or after dinner.  There is parking on the street and the manager of BTG was very friendly.  He wanted some of my wine suggestions.  The bartenders seemed new to wine, so hopefully they will get better with age.  I think it might do very well after it expands the variety of wines.  BTG is a great addition to the Salt Lake City area and I always like more options than less.  I will definitely be visiting BTG again.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,2/6/2014,121,176,2,10,10>So I have to admit that this place is just as awesome as everyone says it is. Great food, great service, great decor, great prices and great location. I have only ever been here for breakfast. I love their french toast, big thick slices of Texas bread with powered sugar and strawberry slices. Their gravy and biscuits is another favorite. The gravy has small bits of beef, and has a nice kick to it. The house potatoes are another favorite. They are like mashed baked potatoes, salted and peppered with the skins still in the mix.The establishment is full of windows for natural light and a view of Liberty Park. The interior walls are covered with posters from Signed & Numbered (we have many of these in our home). The staff is efficient and friendly. A few of the girls at the cash register have been snooty in the past, but the overwhelming majority of servers are down to earth. The only major drawback is the wait, which can be 1-1.5 hours on a Saturday morning. Weekdays are fine.We will definitely be back.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,2/5/2014,66,56,1,7,5>First of all, it is totally worth coming here for the view alone.  The only reason I give it 4 stars is that they seem to have several kinks that need to be worked out in the service lighting, and setup.  The food and beverages were incredible.  I started with a Prickly Pair Margarita and the spinach artichoke dip.  The bread was perfectly crusty and buttery, and the dip was yummmm.  We also got the buffalo wing rolls and onion rings.  For an entrée I had the garlicky butter burger and the fries.  I kept the sauces from the appetizers to dip the fries in and the waitress ended up bringing us a few more. I believe that this place is going to get better and better the longer they are around.  The whole place has some serious potential.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,3/7/2014,245,216,3,13,7>As most have mentioned, there's a new owner and thank goodness for that. I didn't particularly care for it before.But now there's ramen! And not as an afterthought as many other Japanese restaurants. The owner, Mike, wants ramen front and center and would probably prefer to get away from sushi all together if he could. I've tried both the Tonkotsu (creamy pork) and the kimchi ramen. I like the slightly spicy kick of the kimchi but my true love is the Tonkotsu. It's creamy and full of flavor. Ask for a side of some spicy chili paste to kick it up a notch. If you're lucky, Mike will have his homemade oils to add to the broth. He gave me a sneak peak of his black garlic oil and it really added another flavor dimension. He's planning on having various special toppings and is open to suggestions.I decided to give their sushi a try as well since I wasn't impressed in the past. Rolls were fairly standard but if they have the Boston diver scallops, get it. I had it nigiri style and it was delicious! Very different than any other scallops I've had (as sushi). Sweet, great texture.If you have room, give the fried ice cream a shot. It's different than what I was expecting to get and our table devoured it in about 2 minutes flat.Last but not least, if Mike is at the bar, make sure you sit and talk to him. He's nice as can be and funny to boot. I'm no ramen expert but I've had my fair share, including a few in Japan and this is as close as I've gotten here in the valley.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,3/6/2014,42,127,4,10,7>When we were looking for a place in SLC a couple years ago, we went up to Park City to look around. Several of the restaurants on Main street were fancy, and we assumed they were expensive. Then, we stumbled on this place. "Oh nice, a Mexican place - this should be cheap - let's do it." We waltzed in, got seated, opened the menu...it's...how you say...mind-blowingly expensive...home of the $40 enchilada. We almost left, but pride intervened and we splurged. What followed was one of the best meals I've ever had. My first time eating here was just a fantastic experience. The bread was fresh out of the oven. Our entrees were incredible. It was just great, in spite of the expense.Since then, we've returned for some special occasions (and the occasional 2 for 1 entree). Chimayo remains very good, and very expensive. It's never quite measured up to that first experience, but expectations are a tricky thing. If you find yourself in PC and feel like splurging, this place won't disappoint.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,3/5/2014,178,50,2,8,6>These guys know their video equipment. Our production company rents a lot from them because they usually have the best rates- better than Pictureline and have a bigger selection.Collin, who does video equipment rentals, is really helpful in figuring out the best equipment for the job. They will also go over the cameras to teach you how to do it. They also have seminars here and other events for video gurus. They aren't open on sat and Sunday so just make sure you get in here during the week otherwise you are screwed over the weekend. Ha.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,3/4/2014,197,177,1,9,7>I love the bustling atmosphere of this area of downtown. Rose Wagner is nestled between restaurants, making it's location perfect for dinner and a show. The lobby is beautiful, the bathroom has fancy dressing room lights (too revealing for me!) and it doesn't feel too crowded, even when two shows are seating. The black box theater is nice and cozy. Saw a stunning performance by Aerial Arts of Utah. But...the seats...what the hell? The four people in front of me must have shifted simultaneously, because the row of chairs pitched forward nearly collapsing and making them shriek in fear. They were fine, but it made my heart leap for a second. All the chairs seemed shifty. That aside, we had an incredibly wonderful time. The staff is helpful, laid back and fun. Everything was delightful, despite those chairs.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,3/3/2014,59,170,2,11,7>Had a lovely early lunch today with the place to myself.  You can rail against the merits of many things, but I'm afraid arguments against lunch at 11 am are going to find no purchase here.  The place was quiet and the staff was attentive without hovering.Anyway, I started with the mushroom bruschetta.  Absolutely delicious, even given my bias against tomato jam as a general concept; it seems like an excuse to use bad tomatoes, covering them over with a bunch of sugar.  Sure enough, this particular jam was on the sweet side, but the sweet note wasn't wholly unwelcome.  It did verge on overwhelming the flavor of the mushrooms, which were beautifully roasted and meaty.My main was the mahi mahi tacos.  I love seafood, but tend not to order fish tacos very often after having been spoiled by ubiquitous and amazing versions in San Diego.  However, the extremely helpful server sold me on house made corn tortillas, so I jumped.  There are three tacos in the order.  They are on tiny tortillas, around three inches in diameter.  The fish, on the other hand, it copious, and the result is a very protein-heavy dish that I really enjoyed.  Rather than eating a mouth full of tortilla, I was eating fish, and that's a nice change of pace when it comes to my fish taco experience.  The condiments on the tacos were a bit clunky.  The pineapple relish was too chunky for the tiny form factor of the taco, though the flavor was nice and surprisingly spicy.  The pickled onions were also a bit hard to manage.  That said, the flavors were dead on.The price was right, the food was delicious, and I'll be back very soon.  It looks like they have a few dinner-only items, which will probably be when I'll return.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,3/2/2014,73,94,2,6,4>I just popped in here for a quick drink to check it out and wound up getting some food too. The place is really neatly decorated and has a ton if wood finishing. The bar looks great and, as expected, is stocked FULL of different whiskey. The service was excellent! Very quick and very good. Granted, we didn't get much this time, but she was very attentive and nice.We ordered a jack and Ginger and a full sail beer from the bottle. They came out quickly and the mixed drink tasted good...meaning you could taste the whiskey...For food, we had the Asian wings and try we're fantastic! The flavor of hoisin was just right and they had a little zip of spice. Not too hot, not too dull....just right.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,3/1/2014,349,631,1,19,4>This is a new buffet on Redwood Rd in Taylorsville, and I believe the same folks that own Chinese Gourmet on State St operate this place as well.  They have a decent size dining area and an average buffet area.  Price was about the same as other buffets in town.They focus more on the variety of Chinese food rather than throwing in mediocre things like rotten sushi offered by many other Chinese buffets in the state.  Food quality is above average in comparison with other buffets in town.  They have a full capacity Mongolian grill here, which cooks your food all the way through, not like the half-cooked food offered by some buffets in town.  It might just be a grand opening thing, but they have fresh to grill steaks available as well.  If you are a Chinese buffet lover, you will probably enjoy what Golden China offers.  Service was actually decent, and a nice young Asian girl served us with smiling face.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,2/27/2014,390,35,4,7,6>Decent pho with fast preparation.  I like coming here when I'm craving it since it's a bit of home (Cali).  I'd recommend it for anyone who's looking for decent pho around Utah.  They have other stuff like fried rice that's pretty good too.  I've liked both that I've tried so far.  Prices are under $10/entrée.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/23/2013,2/26/2014,161,113,1,8,5>What cheesy brilliance.While I could not eat here everyday, nor even every week if I want to keep my waistline, having a "gourmet" grilled cheese on a lunch break was a fun out of the ordinary for my coworkers and I. We each tried a different sandwich (Tuna Melt special, The Italian, and Jalapeño Popper), and proceeded to share with each other around the table. The Tuna Melt was by far the best sandwich of the 3, and it is unfortunate that it is not on the regular menu. We found the Italian to be quite bland, despite it's pesto-goodness, and my Jalapeño Popper was just like the microwave snack (as the name implies). What impressed me most was Melty Way's commitment to keeping things local. The bread is from StoneGround bakery, all of the cheese comes from a local cheese maker, and the root beer in my coworker's float is from Wasatch. Even the art on the wall was done by a collection of local artist's in honor of Movember & Sons.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,2/25/2014,40,327,1,9,5>I really like the pizza at this place and I really like the new location. As for the pizza, the crust is thin, has a nice cripsy-chewy ratio, and the toppings are fresh and tasty. As for the space, it's much larger than the old location and always has nice tunes playing in the background. I also enjoy that they've added a "lunch special" to the menu. Basically two slices of whatever they've dreamt up that day and a drink for about $6.00. And their concoctions are usually spot on (in addition to the tried and true). Definitely the best pizza place in the area.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,2/15/2012,16,84,,3,2>Bandidos is a pretty good mexican restaurant in the Layton area. One thing to note is that the service is really good. Whenever I have gone there I have noticed this. This place isn't very busy during the lunch hours ( I haven't been there for dinner), but don't let that make you think the quality of food is the reason. This place is really good. After seating you they gave you complimentary chips and salsa, which are hard to resist. One time I was there they also had us try a few samples of meat that they didn't have on the menu. This was a sweat pork, similar to the Pork Barbacoa you find at Cafe Rio. It was really tasty. I ended up getting that meat in a quesadilla.I definitely prefer this place to Cafe Rio for the quality of food and the selection. At Cafe Rio you do get your food much quicker, but if you aren't in a hurry and you want good Mexican food check this place out.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,2/14/2012,50,114,2,4,5>OMG. My husband should never have joined Yelp, I never should have left him in charge of finding somewhere to eat for our date night. Wait... Who am I kidding?! I'm THRILLED he found Aroy D Thai. Best. Thai. Food. Ever. We live near Pad Thai in Layton. It's good, I like(d?) it. I thought it was great as far as Thai food went. I had not lived or tasted GREAT Thai food before Aroy D Thai. We pull up to this little store front in a tiny strip mall of 12th street in Ogden. One of those places you could pass by easily and never know you were missing out on something amazing. The inside is clean, well lit, simply but tastefully furnished. A menu full of delicious sounding foods is placed before me. The waitress is asking if we would like an appetizer, and points out some good ones. We decide on the chicken satay. Curried chicken skewers with a peanut sauce and cucumber salad. Delicious. I'm still trying to decide which plate sounds most appealing. They all do. The owners husband comes up and asks us if we are doing ok. I ask about the pineapple curry, he tells me what he thinks. Talks a bit about other curries. Chats with us a bit about how they are his wifes recipes, that she had a restaraunt in Thailand. I love when you know the owners are passionate about their food and their business. The involvement shows me the level of care that they take and I know its going to be a memorable meal. I order the pineapple curry. I can't resist how it sounds. I've never had red curry. I am going to try it tonight! Mild+ on the heat thank you. My husband orders the beef salad at Medium+ heat. Hahahaha. The pineapple curry was the best curry I've ever tasted. It was sweet, it was spicy, it was delicious. The chicken was tender, the pineapple was sweet. The curry (!) was SOOOO good!!!! Words can't even describe the delicousness. Mild+ is my kind of heat. Not mild enough to not have that kick, but not hot enough to singe my tastebuds. My husband LOVES spicy food so he thought he could handle Medium+. He ate his plate, but not without difficulty. :) The beef salad was great though. Heloved the spice, he loved the flavor. I tried some even though his level of spicy is way above mine. It was a good heat. The flavorful, butt kicking kind. The minty taste underneath tender beef, sticky rice, basil, lemongrass and onions. The dish is traditionally eaten with the hands, and we are all about hands on food. He couldn't stop sniffing his hands the whole way back home. I'm pretty sure he dreamed about that salad last night. To top off our night, we got a sticky rice with mango dessert. The coconut milk had just the right touch of sweetness without being too much. THe sticky rice was cooked to perfection and the mango was perfectly ripe. I've had this type of dessert before and I didn't like it at all. My distaste has been changed on that!Great service, amazing food, my new favorite restaraunt. Watch out Aroy D THai. We WILL be back.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,2/13/2012,146,292,9,12,6>Enter the Dragon.(Note: I am actually eating leftovers while writing this review.)I maintain that no cuisine has suffered such a loss in translation as Chinese food. Perhaps, in the due course of their inevitably becoming our overlords, something resembling the actual food made in Chinese kitchens may become the norm.Until then, if you find yourself in Ogden and you desire the thirst inducing, two-day leftovering, bowel-clenching, corn starchy sheen of Americanized Chinese food, your best choice is The Dragon, located right at Five Points next to Ben Lomond Lanes.I don't think I've ever stayed in the restaurant to eat, but I've taken food away perhaps a dozen times. The regularity of my ordering is alarming and perhaps even diagnosable by both mental and medical health care practitioners.- Their Singapore style chow fun noodles tie the whole room together.- The Hot Braised Green Bean Minced Pork is found under "chef's suggestions" and has found a special place in my heart (adjacent to an arterial blockage).- Tangerine chicken. Yes, that's correct, of all the breaded fried glazed chicken nuggets from which to choose, it is the undisputed champ. Delectably loaded with bits of citrus rind, chiles, and the brilliant texture treasures that are fried wonton skins. *Always eat leftover TC cold.*The proprietors are really nice humans, and they now do dim sum on weekends.Also, there's a seasonal tax prep business located in a room just past the waiting/cash register area. For some reason, I love this.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,2/12/2012,7,15,,4,3>This is a definitely one of my favorite place to go when I am in the mood for asian food - although I can never pass up my mom's cooking so if she didn't cook that day, My Tien is where I would be. They have a big selection of different dishes. My favorite dish, mi thap cam is a must have every time I go there that I won't get anything else so my boyfriend has to get a dish that I also want :) so I can have a bite. The wonton noodle soup and noodle duck soup is also pretty good. The egg rolls and spring rolls is one of the best I've had. The dishes are all pretty inexpensive and the service is quick.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,2/11/2012,72,37,,11,3>I noticed this little place while driving up the hill to Orem and thought I should try it. It is inside of a gas station though, and I will admit I was a bit scared. I should have been more scared to miss out on the delicious burrito that was awaiting me.I had the Chicken Burrito, just the standard size. When it came out I thought it looked way too small, but it ended up being just right to get me to the full-but-not-throwing-up stage. The chicken in the burrito was delicious. I have this weird thing about chicken meat. I have owned many chickens over the course of my lifetime (yeah, weird...) and they are some of my favorite pets/livestock. Seriously, I love chickens. Now, I should maybe feel bad about eating them at all, but I figure things die and things get eaten. What I can't stand is when things have to live a life that is boring and painful. So I was so happy to hear that they only use free-range chicken in their burritos. Salsa was delicious and fresh. They have a sign that says they don't own a can opener and I believe it. Service was great and after talking to the owner, I think it is a great place for people to work as well. Another important thing to me.Tomatoes from Jacob's Cove Heritage Farm in Orem.Lettuce from a small farm up north a bit.This place has all the catch words: Local, Organic, Free-Range, Humane, Fresh. I would generally be quick to think that they were just riding on the hype from those tags, but the quality and taste of their burrito would say otherwise.Go and eat here and you will most certainly be recommending it to your friends before you know it and wishing you could eat one of their burritos for every meal.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,2/10/2012,14,17,4,5,5>In a word:  Outstanding.In a sentence:  The best donuts in SLC.I've had better donuts in California from a donut shop that doubled as a Chinese restaurant.  I'm pretty sure MSG was involved, which is like bringing steroids to a ball game - it's not a fair fight.  For this reason, Banbury Cross is tops on my list of donut houses.The cinnamon crumble (or something like that) is what every glazed donut aspires to be - simple in appearance, complex in flavor, with a delicious crust of cinnamon and crumbs that breaks away into a mess when you eat it.  The cake donuts are deliciously crisp on the outside and perfectly fluffy on the inside.  Easily the most gratifying 30 pounds I've ever gained.I've never had an issue with the service like others mention.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,2/9/2012,22,66,5,6,2>Prior to visiting the Sand Trap, I had been told it was boring old man's bar. Well that was pretty far from the truth based on my experience. The place was pretty happening with a good mix of people (yes, there were a few old men.) There weren't any cat fights, I didn't get hit on by a bunch of creeps and the servers and bartenders were attentive. That alone makes it a better bar than most in Ogden. Plus, I even enjoyed karaoke there SOBER!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,2/8/2012,22,73,,8,4>It is not often that you walk in to a restaurant and almost instantly feel like one of the family.  That is exactly how I felt at Thai Delight--a warm and friendly family-owned business.  The service was excellent, and I can't overemphasize how friendly they were.  The food...  I didn't order my favorite Thai dish: green curry.  I will have to go back and try that another day.  Instead, we ordered a red curry, massaman curry, and a rice dish.  And, of course, I had to order a side of sticky rice--I can't get enough of the stuff.  All was excellent!  The combination of spices and the sweetness of coconut were perfectly balanced.  I'd have been ok with a little more heat, but the two friends I was with were not quite as open to that.  No problem, sriracha was nearby.  All in all, a great meal.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,2/7/2012,12,126,5,5,2>"I'd sell my soul for some good chicken."I'm accustomed Old Scratch showing up in various forms and guises. This time was the first he'd appeared as an almost spherical Mexican man with a pushbroom mustache. "Accepted!," he said. "Ole!" He ferried us to El Paisa Grill.It was loud, and for a Sunday night there was quite a crowd. We were seated in the back where we were spared some noise--save from the big speaker that loomed over the table. The Gallo a la Diabla was selected by my wife because what the hell.I found that The Divine Comedy made an oversight in the descriptions of hell: the lake of fire is under a cast iron skillet on which armies of the damned lovingly press dough into rough circles and cook them into devilishly good tortillas. The fajitas were harmless; I enjoyed the extra charred parts. But that Devil's Chicken got some rave reviews. Definitely worth a soul, she said ... she wasn't using it for nothing anyhow.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,2/6/2012,133,115,3,6,3>This place is a cool little sports bar like joint that's kind of tucked in behind the booming metropolis in the making that is Kimball junction (I-80 Park City exit). The service is excellent. I was in monster mode when we showed up so chef salad, Philly cheese stake sandwich, and a pizza. I tried to order every topping possible but the waitress/host was straight with me and said "that's going to fall apart". The chef salad was really good and would probably be a meal in itself if I wasn't in a googly eyed cookie monster state of mind. Next was the Philly which I normally don't order but it's supposed to be this place's forte. It was good, I don't have much to compare it to because like I said, I don't often go out for a Philly cheese stake. Then the pizza, it's huuuuuge. I'm not a big fan of thin crust pizza but it was very good. And they've already got the crushed chili pepper on the table so it's like they knew I was coming. Also a must try is the bloody Mary. They have a build your own bloody Mary bar so you can actually turn your pre meal beverage into a little appetizer.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,9/21/2013,16,105,1,12,4>"Real" BBQ is subjective.    There's what you like, what Carolina Likes.... Georgia, Texas, St Louis, Georgia and every other region who makes BBQ thinks is "good" or "real BBQ".   It's  all a matter of opinion.   Man, don't let anyone fool you.    Its an old art, and after spending my fair share of time tending a pit and making it, it *IS* an art that stumps even trained culinary experts who try to make it.    A lot of good or bad things can happen when you cook low and slow for 6-14 hours, and there is no substitute for experience.   Bam Bam, clearly knows the art and spent a lot of time making it.    For my tastes, this was easily the best BBQ I've ever had in Utah.    I'm going back, if he does it again, I'll say without a doubt he has the best BBQ in Utah.    The place is clean, and the pit master not only slow cooks his product, he runs the show.   Friendly and outgoing.    You can tell he's trying to build the business.   This is a cool feature about this place:.   You buy your BBQ by the pound.    Want 1/8 of a pound of brisket and an 1/8 of a pound of spare ribs?     Pay for as little or as much as you want.   Come Hungry or get a taste.   The prices here are pretty good.   His food set him apart.   The brisket was moist and tender, and he nailed it.   No comparison to any other place I've had.    The ribs were spare ribs, not baby backs (spares are bigger).   Another nice bonus.     I tasted the pork, the right amount of smoke and they were awesome.  Decent sauces are on the table if you want to sauce em up.    They didn't need it.   The potato salad was really good, and the bbq beans were ok.    They're called sides for a reason.   I didn't come to a "side" place.He took a minute to share some stories, and It was appreciated.   His napkin system needed a little work.    Thats the only thing I got to bitch about.    Nice problem to have when you make great food.  .   II'll come back here.    He's got my business.    Best BBQ in the state.   There, I said it.  Today, it wasn't even really close.   I hope he keeps it up.   .
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2013,9/20/2013,100,87,2,2,2>I am a fan, and I won't deny it. This has been my friends and I's go to spot for dinner.. why, I don't know. But it just happened one day and it hasn't gone away. Either way, round 200 with some of my single girlfriends that I adore went down for dinner today.Trust me, I know this is not authentic mexican food -- so I am not rating it to those standards. The chips and salsa are weird - it is like a tomato paste, but chips and salsa is not Mexican food, sooo.... Two of my friends tried some banana drink special and I am not sure that was banana but maybe some banana syrup slushi? Either way, I didn't get one.I always get their chicken flauta with green chile sauce with beans (no rice - see my rant over Cafe Rio). It never disappoints, I always leave full and content. They have vegetarian options also, and are very attentive. Overall, I come here with my friends. I won't come here alone, or recommend it for someone to take me on a date, but if the girls say dinner this is the place. We can stay and chat even when we are done eating. They aren't chasing me out once I sign the check, which I always have to respect. Try it out and see for yourself. Be more adventurous than I am and try something new!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,9/19/2013,36,49,,5,2>The Dodo was awesome. Went tonight after a long weekend of work, and it was close, and open. So we stopped in, it had slowed down, and we were able to sit out side with a perfect view of the mountains and a gorgeous full moon rising up. It wasn't too hot or too cool, and it was obvious we weren't the only ones who decided to enjoy the late spring in Salt Lake City.The service was awesome, our server was just right, checking on beverages (they have a full bar) and making sure everything was good, but not crazy over bearing like they were worried we hated the place. Dinner: Appetizers: We selected the Red pepper hummus: AWESOME. Huge portions, tasty warmed pita, and a literal mountain of hummus, with fresh red peppers, tomatoes, onions, greek olives, and a bit of a kick to let you know how awesome it was. Salad: The salads were a basic side salad, fresh greens, and a light dressing (and when I say light I mean you could barely tell it was there) and slivers of pecans. The only thing missing was the Croutons (i love my stale bread) but the fresh parmesan cheese and cracked pepper made up for it. Dinner: There were two main dishes tonight, both equally awesome: 1) Pulled Pork quesadilla, with black beans and jasmine rice and frijoles negro. The taste was good, the tortilla grilled just enough to have a bit of crunch, and the sauce used on the pork was amazing. 2) The Cajun Chicken Alfredo: There are two ways to do cajun, and most people choose the wrong way. There is burn your tastebuds (and ass) hot, and spicy well balanced seasoning that truly adds flavor all in a creamy sauce, with perfectly cooked noodles. The Dodo got it rightBoth had huge portions, more than enough to enjoy again for lunch tomorrow. Dessert:I decided to hold back, and get a bit of savory goodness. The banana creme pie was amazing. Chunks of banana, in a rich, but not overbearing custard. the cream cheese filing at the bottom almost made it like a cheese cake. Over all, i give it five stars, Open Late, great service, great food, great location. If you haven't checked it out, you might want to. It is totally worth it.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,9/18/2013,249,176,,8,5>Run, do not walk to this dining treasure! You have got to try this place!I saw the 1st review for this restaurant, and decided to try it the next time I was in Ogden, UT. I am so glad that I did.I pulled in to the parking lot of a similarly named pizza restaurant that is directly across the street from Piccolinos. Finding Piccolinos was a little confusing. But I realized my mistake, and rectified it by going to the correct place.Piccolinos looks like it has been installed in an old Cental Park Burger. It is strictly drive thru, or walk-up. Do not let this deter you.I opted to drive-thru. There were so many good choices on the menu. They had an extensive coffee menu. Not to mention the selections of pizza, sandwiches, salads, & smoothies.For my first visit I ordered: a 10" supreme pizza, a 10" pepperoni pizza, a 8" Hawaiian, a banana smoothie, and an orange smoothie.Orange Julius has nothing on Piccolinos! My orange smoothie was out of this world. The fire baked pizzas were amazing. My kids were fighting over the last piece, and I didn't want to share mine either!The pizza crusts were the perfect combination of crispy and chewy. And they didn't skimp on the mozzarella. It was obvious that all of the ingredients were fresh.Everything was made to order. But we didn't have to wait long for anything. We sat at the drive thru window for, maybe, 5 minutes.I'm honestly considering going back for dinner tonight. It was that good.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,9/17/2013,102,47,,3,3>I can't go into The Bohemian without singing along to the song made famous by Gaston from Beauty and the Beast, simply stating that he "uses antlers in all of his decorating." Now that I've set the mood for you all, let me tell you why The Bohemian has been a staple for me since I discovered the beauty that is a pint of Cherny Bock, and garlic fries with their house aioli.Firstly, I like beer. I'm Australian, which would lead you to believe that I've been known to have a drink or two, and you would be correct. In my formative years I liked the lighter stuff, now - no matter how cold or hot it is outside, or if I am feeling team Jedi or Sith - I like my beers like I like my soul: dark and broody. The Cherny will not disappoint any lover of a good dark beer, and the standards that The Bohemian brews to are that of German purity, which means you're getting an excellent pour every time. Along with the Cherny, The Bohemian has three other staples, the Viennese Lager, a Czech Pilsner, and the Bavarian Weiß. Not to be outdone by the other local brewers, The Bohemian also has a rotating Seasonal Brew, so be sure to ask what that is to see if there's something other than "the usual" that will tantalise your tastebuds.Now that we have the most important part out of the way, let's move on to the food. Most people will argue that there are many good garlic burgers to be found in SLC, and you may find that my next statement is a big call - but I stand by it - there's only one, and you'll find it here. The Bohemian's garlic burger is magnificently prepared every time and usually served cooked medium. Along with the moist and delicious burger, you'll get peppered bacon, cheddar cheese, the usual toppings (tomato/lettuce/onion), and a side of the most magnificent garlic fries in the land. It's real garlic, not powder, it doesn't come with a hockey puck for a patty, and the onion roll is delicious. The Bohemian has a house made aioli that some may refer to as "fry sauce" but it's lighter and tastier to me than a lot of the other sauces in the land of Zion.It doesn't just stop here though, the salads are HUGE, their wood fired pizzas are tasty, the goulash is delicious, and their Bratwurst and Pierogi plate is to die for. Oh, and try a side of Spaetzle with your next meal, I promise it will end up having a special place in your heart next to your grown-up love of Mac & Cheese.All in all, The Bohemian doesn't disappoint in my eyes, my belly, nor my wallet, and they even have a scooter museum upstairs along with great space for large groups. Go Czech them out ;)
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2013,9/16/2013,12,126,18,4,3>Shirley and I used to have a thing. She was close to my work, so during my lunch break I'd walk over, get a quickie, and go back happy and satisfied.The one day she quit the afternoon deli-ites. No more cold turkey. No more beef.But now she's back. Sure, she's too far to walk anymore, but she's willing to meat me. I had to go. She had sample cinnamon rolls and carrot cake. It was awesome, but I made a mistake--I cannot resist a good meatball sandwich. My group got a turkey avocado, a BLT, and some soup. Everyone's stuff came before the meatball--in fact it was a long delay. When it came, it wasn't an Italian meatball. It was some teryaki/BBQ ball and cheese on a roll and it didn't do it for me. The bread was great, and the other sandwiches were great. I guess it had just been too long, and I couldn't keep it together.I'll still go again ...
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,9/15/2013,54,138,,4,4>I've been here twice in the last couple of weeks. Once for lunch and today for Brunch. Both times I sat on the balcony. I like the balcony because it is facing either east or north so that the afternoon sun isn't beaming down on you. It's also spacious with a couple of tv's up here too. The service each time has been wonderful. However the food is amazing especially for the price! For lunch I had the Angus Sliders with Sharp Cheddar($4) and Cheese Fritters($4). The sliders were a little dry but still good. Fritters were great too. But can't go wrong with fried cheese. She had the Turkey and Avocado sandwich($9) with BLT Pasta Salad on the side, which was AWESOME! When I came back for Bunch I had the Ancho-Cheddar Biscuits and Gravy($8) which was tasty. The gravy was great, and the biscuits were awesome. They were a little stingy with the gravy but unlike you're regular biscuits & gravy the biscuits here have a lot of flavor. I also like the sprinkle of cheese on top. It comes with country potatoes which were full of flavor and didn't even need ketchup! She had the Crème Brule French Toast($5) which was delicious. I was satisfied with my two visits and will definitely come back for dinner on there lovely balcony and/or for some live music. --This place is a diamond in the rough. BONUS- *$3 Mimosa's for brunch!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,9/14/2013,114,115,4,5,5>They get a full star just for their perfectly rendered thick crispy bacon. Formerly the Mo's from downtown, Mo wanted more of the diner feel. But don't worry, his infamous wings are on the menu. What may not be familiar is the all day breakfast items and selection of burgers. Their breads and buns are made in house and for better or worse whole grain. They have quite the breakfast selection and kudos for serving it all day. The burgers are massive and quite a challenge to devour.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2013,9/13/2013,100,149,1,10,4>As a proof of concept its not bad. I truly hope they get some community support and obtain the permanent license they deserve to develop the concept.  Because it does need development.The general setup is a wine bar like you will see in many more beverage bountiful cities.  50+ wines by the glass, liquor, cocktails, beers and a small supporting bites menu.  You can order from the Cafe Molise menu too (same owners) till about 9PM or so I believe.Right now the staff is terribly green, my bartender admitting to some other patrons, his expertise was really cocktails.  If the business does continue with a permanent license past the end of October 2013 they need seriously educated wine folks who guide someone expertly through the menu. As things stand, I was kinda left to picking somewhat arbitrarily from options I thought I recognized from small boutique wineries.  I thought the absence of wine flights on the menu was a crazy oversight (unless there's a DABC reg I'm not aware of) with so much product available by the small pour (2.5oz smallest available). Not that you couldn't construct your own flight, but you'd need to be a smart oenophile to do that - and for me, the whole point of fun wine bars is making the often impenetrable and snooty world of wine, accessible and enjoyable for everyone.Bags and bags of potential and promise. I'll raise a glass to their success and hope they can keep going and build on the base of what they have.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/12/2013,19,57,,6,2>As an avid diner at Lamb's Grill, I decided to give their new spot, Red Hot a try. It is primarily a hot dog joint but they've got many other, delicious options like salads, sides and banh mi sandwiches.  I've gone in twice so far and have tried the following: 1. Cobb salad - their salads are grab-and-go style but nothing is missing. For $6 you get a nice sized portion with fresh ingredients. The red wine vinaigrette was amazing. 2. BBQ bean salad - the secret ingredient is not crack like I thought, but pimento. Served chilled, this is one awesome side. 3. Cucumber salad - all that's to it is thin sliced cucumbers in a rice wine vinegar. I actually chopped this up and put it in some tuna salad at home, yum!4. Veggie dog - there are two types of vegetarian options in life: those that try and taste like meat and those that taste like actual vegetables. This tasted like a hotdog! It was big, beefy and had an almost sausage-like spice to it. Very, very good. I had the classic which had relish, onions and ketchup on it. The bun was also very good.5. Pesto pasta salad - a tiny bit on the bland side but still very good. I plan to try the banh mi next, which is truly one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes. I'll report back!Update: Banh mi was amazing. Really. I had the Asian beef and held the jalapenos (lame, I know). The bread was the way I like it, soft. Some folks prefer the crunchy bahn mi roll, this isn't one of them. My only suggestion would be to beef up the amount of veggies that are on it.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/18/2012,86,172,2,2,2>Best downtown Park City lunch deal!  Check the specials board: today: ANY sandwich, side, and drink for $9.   Tomorrow: who knows? - but worth calling/checking for!I grabbed a #48: An ultra tasty turkey, spinach, fresh basil, cuke sandwich on a perfect baguette.  Normally, I eat half my sandwich and save the other half for later, but I found myself DEVOURING the whole thing!  Being a glutton is easy when the food is this good.Sides vary, but included: a cookie, banana,chicken noodle soup, or a pasta salad.Love that there is Vegetarian items on the menu for all of my vegetarian friends. Sit outside with Fido or Fidette.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,7/17/2012,76,161,,6,3>Meanwhile at a nondescript location in Rose Park....     My friend introduced me to Julia's recently and after a couple of visits I decided to finally write a review of the Joint. If you've been anywhere in rose park you will know that they have an abundant Hispanic population, situated on 10th west in the industrial side of Rose park sits Julia's a small local Mexican eatery. The menu isn't all too big but what it lacks in size is made up in flavor. Upon selecting your own seat you should order the chips and salsa with a cup of beans. The salsa is super spicy but delicious ... It may sound a little weird to order beans with chips but these happened to be some of the best beans I have EVER tasted in my life. I was almost on the verge of quitting eating all other foods just to eat these beans for the rest of life.      When looking at their menu I saw one of my favorite Mexican dishes, Menudo (Soup with Tripe and Hominy in a Chili broth) this is usually only served on weekends at most Mexican restaurants, but Julia's serves it all week. I could't deny myself a selection on a weekday. It's great to see that it was served with all of its sides, cilantro chopped onion and tortillas. Their tortillas are home made and great for picking and dipping into your soup. This was one of my favorite servings of Menudo I've had since I lived in California. One of the dishes that were recommended to me was Goat Soup. The soup was delicious and full of flavor and came with the same condiments as Menudo. The soup had a Delicious broth and didn't skimp on the Goat meat.It was super tasty and delicious.This place offers some of the best Mexican food for the price the service is excellent and reminds me of home. It helps to have someone who speaks Spanish but since their menu is laden with pictures there is no language barrier. All I can say it's great to venture off the path of the other famous established iguanas and find a place with truly legitimate Mexican fare.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,7/16/2012,100,149,,6,4>Welcome to carb heaven.  One thing I can promise, is you won't leave El Rocoto hungry - the portions are absolutely huge.  Thankfully big portions are matched by big flavors too, you just can't go wrong here. Everything I have had was a hit, except maybe a lacklustre ceviche.  Peruvian cuisine takes in influences from all over the world, spain, south america, china, italy - heck, even the roast chicken dish pollo a la brasa supposedly was brough to Lima by a Swiss-man in the 50s. Its the proverbial melting pot of flavors.Whether you want to go for something exotic like antichuchos (meaty meaty beef hearts) or something easily accessible like Bisteck a lo pobre - steak, fries, plaintain, fried egg(!) - everything is big, hearty, tasty and the prices are fabulous.  Try eating the massive plate of Jalea (deep fried seafood) by yourself, go on, I dare you...The staff are really accommodating and super eager to explain their cuisine at any opportunity.  Last I heard Peruvian beer and wine was on the way too.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/15/2012,103,85,1,7,8>I have been here twice now, which in itself should be an indicator of how good this place is.  I usually get too bored to eat somewhere twice in a week. First visit was for lunch, so I chose the beet and goat cheese salad to keep myself from falling asleep while cutting hair afterward (clients tend to dislike when I do that).  I am always searching for a salad in town that I don't just tolerate, but LOVE.  I have severe phobias of iceberg lettuce and subpar produce, so this quest has gone largely unfulfilled. Hallelujah praise the lord for Cubby's.  Not only are the organic greens perfectly fresh, they actually take the time to season their salad.  Wow! Other places should learn from them! Perfect ratio of toppings to greens to dressing. But..... Let's get to the real reason why you're coming here...Meat.Delicious, flavorful, juicy meat.  My second trip to Cubby's I got the burger.  Oh me oh my.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked to medium like it should be.  And my husband's tri tip sandwich was likewise delicious.  The rosemary fries and the sweet potato fries were also perfect. Yep, perfect. Cubby himself even remembered us from our first visit-- which goes a long way in a small town like Provo.  Can't wait to try some of the other menu items.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,7/14/2012,102,73,4,5,3>t's Friday. You're wearing your Levi's because office policy let's you do that kind of thing on this pre-weekend weekend. There's a few things hovering in your In-Box, but mostly, the week is over and you're looking forward to some much-needed R&R away from the office.That sounds like a good enough excuse for me to hit Spedelli's, one of Foothill Blvd.'s hidden treasures.In fact, it's so hidden, I'm not sure how it stays in business. Maybe an evening crowd (because, as you can tell, I'm there over lunch, not the evening)?Formerly known as Davanza's, Spedelli's features a Dan Burton favorite: pizza, and good pizza at that. Like a lot of non-chain restaurants serving pizza, Spedelli's selections carry atypical names like "Harry's Choice" (pulled pork, pineapple, yellow onion, jalapeno and BBQ sauce), "Fat kids gotta eat" (meatballs, cheddar and mozzarella cheese), and "Hot Carlson" (pepperoni, spinach, red and yellow onions, black olives, garlic, tomatoes, banana peppers, mushrooms, green peppers).I ordered the Merill Man-za, which, while slightly simpler than the previously mentioned pizzas, is a delicious and dripping with grease sausage, pepperoni, meatball, and bacon (which, let's be honest, is really just meat candy).How many ways to can I tell you I loved it? Let me repeat PEPPERONI AND  BACON. I will be a patron to this place till the day I die (or they close, or my office moves...). Dripping with stretchy, yummy cheese, sizzling with grease from the slightly concave pepperoni, the glistening sausage, miniature meatballs, and crumbled bacon, the crust crispy and fresh...It's enough to make me salivate just thinking about it.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,7/13/2012,165,167,11,9,7>First, I want to state that I was with a group of avid yelpy folks when I came to Tenney's for the first time. I did not consume food from that visit. I went back again on my own, and did consume food from that visit. I'm a little disappointed in my friends. Most of them had eaten at Tenney's before, and none of them bothered to warn me about the major problem with the food.CouldNotStopEatingItSeriously. I usually have decent self control. I ate like five slices of pizza. Grazing. Just grabbing a small piece of a slice as I walked through the kitchen.  It was sad.The employees are super friendly and recognize familiar faces. They have medium pizzas for $5 all the time, and each day of the week they offer one of their gourmet specialty pizzas for $5 also.  The pizza is good enough that it's worth driving out of my way for, and paying $8  for a large rather than $5 for a large at the chain place that does that promotion. Seriously. So worth a few more bucks to support a local business, and the kids and I all agreed that the pizza was infinitely better than any chain around.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,7/12/2012,1481,94,7,8,9>How about some sexy sushi?Hapa Grill, located in Kimball Junction near Park City, has specialty rolls, that look as good as they taste, with salacious names like:- playboy roll (tempura shrimp, maguro, avocado, hapa and unagi sauce)- penthouse roll (tempura shrimp, avocado, cilantro, maguro, lime, rooster sauce, ponzu and unagi sauce)- volcano roll (eel, avocado, baked-crab, unagi sauce)- thai one on roll (spicy tuna, basil, red bell pepper, peanuts, kampachi, lime, red coconut curry)Yeah, baby, yeah!Further tempt your valentine with fruit from the forbidden tree by ordering an ESAD roll-- with its grilled apple.  It also contains gruyere cheese, cilantro, red bell pepper, cucumber, tuna, avocado, lemon and unagi sauce. Gruyere is french for sexy. For toasts to Cupid's arrow, consider a martini (or three) since the limited wine selection is not much more than a tease.  The 'decadence' vodka martini (made with godiva, chambord, and creme de cacao) is quite sassy.  I also recommend the romantic couples massage at the nearby swank Waldorf.  It is sexy times two!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,7/11/2012,54,206,3,4,4>Great baked wings, for the 21+ set.  Awesome sauce, awesome sauce.Hot means hot; hottest means eye-wattering hot.  One of the few places in SLC that that's true.The wings are baked, and if you ask them to be extra well done, they'll be crispy and delicious.  They certainly take a while.The wings are expensive, but the beer is downright cheap ($2.25 for their signature tap!).There are complaints of surly servers.  The guy who was there for us wasn't overly friendly, but was absolutely ready to strike up a conversation with us and the regulars over Chuck Norris jokes.  It's not smiley, "Welcome to the Olive Garden" friendly, and it's counter service, and it's 21+.  If that's the sort of place you're looking for, with awesome sauce wings, then TWC is the right place for you.  If you're looking for "Welcome to the Olive Garden" service and food, you should look elsewhere.4.5 stars (for the cost of the wings) rounded up.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,7/10/2012,123,201,3,3,3>Rocky Mountain Grill is made up of sugar, spice, and sassy waitresses.I really like this place because it has a good ol' diner feel with attitude to match. The food is your typical diner food and they do it pretty well. If you want food that is not experimented with then this is a safe place to go to. I got the french toast and it was simply done the way it should be simply done. Good portion size for breakfast too. Not too small, not too big, just right.The waitress that made me absolutely love this place is named Betty. Her personality is so vivacious and lively.To some, she may seem bitter, but to me she's fierce. You go girl!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,7/9/2012,29,79,,7,3>I'm not sure why there aren't more reviews for this place on yelp since other sites have all 5 star reviews!!! I have been searching for a great Chinese restaurant in Utah for awhile and really I don't care how close it is as long as it's good. I found this place and decided to give it a try. I ordered Mongolian Beef, Walnut Shrimp, Sweet and Sour Chicken and Hot and Sour Soup. Now I didn't think I would find a place that made as good of Hot and Sour Soup as Charlie Chows but this place did it!! Also I am so picky about Mongolian Beef and this was so good and so much meat and no carrots! Everything was really tasty and comforting as Chinese food should be. I would highly recommend trying them they were so good, pretty cheep, great menu and so so so friendly which is Always important.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,8/28/2014,53,78,2,7,5>From Scratch is a great new addition to the downtown SLC dining scene.  With a menu that is reminiscent of Settebello, From Scratch specializes in pizza, salad and a few other entrée items.  From Scratch doesn't do a lot, but what it does do it does very, very well.During my most recent visit, I had the salumi pizza alongside the risotto cake.  My wife ordered the Scratch Burger and the roasted beet salad.  The service was prompt and attentive, and we got our ordered items within a very reasonable amount of time.  Meantime, the restaurant was comfortable, very clean with a modern décor.  The French-style chairs at each table were charming, and the tables near the windows each had an orchid as a centerpiece.When the food arrived, we eagerly attacked it (we were hungry, after all).  The beet salad was the first victim of our offensive, and it was not disappointing.  The highlight of this salad was the fact that the salad featured both red and golden beets, how interesting.  The arugula was so fresh, I imagined someone picking it out of their garden just that day.  Next came the risotto cake, which wasn't absolutely spectacular, but only merely so.  Once again featuring a pile of that super-fresh arugula, the cake rested in a puddle of delicious roasted red pepper sauce.Next up to the plate was the burger, which, at $13, is not exactly inexpensive, but my lord it is worth it.  The burger is perfectly cooked, to a lovely medium rare.  There's a nice thin layer of smoked cheddar on this burger, and the flavor matches well with the BBQ-flavored special sauce and the shoestring onion rings that were piled on.  The freshly prepared bun worked neatly in combination with the rest of the flavor package.  The pizza, well, what can I say, really a spectacular little pie.  I am a sucker for this sort of Neapolitan thin crust style pizza.  The ingredients are very evenly divided on this wood-fired gem.  We loved the flavors of the locally produced Creminelli salumis in combination with the homemade mozzarella and simple tomato sauce.  Also, the pizza featured another nice pile of arugula, and who can get sick of fresh arugula?  The pizza alone is worth a visit. I must say, From Scratch is giving Settebello and Vinto a run for best pizza in the downtown area.  Given its proximity to my home, I will be returning to this restaurant often in the near future!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,8/27/2014,27,87,1,6,3>This was my first time but it was a great experience. I got drunken noodles and it was really good and flavorful although not too spicy. The orange chicken was also really good.It was crowded but no wait, the service was good as well. Will definitely be going back.The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is because I only tried two dishes, perhaps I'll update my review a I go back more. FYI there are no kids menus but they do have high chairs.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,8/26/2014,116,97,3,7,6>Well, think I've found my new favorite breakfast joint in the area. This place is only open until 3pm and serves breakfast and lunch. We went during breakfast hours and we sure enjoyed it. Went with a large group (about 12 ppl) and they were very accommodating. The food was pretty dang  good. Lots of variety on the menu. Sooo many options for breakfast. I got the garbage hash which consisted of a very large serving of: hash browns, diced ham, bacon, mushrooms, diced green bell pepper (nice flavor touch), cheese and topped with 2 eggs cooked however you want. You can also top it off with extras like chile verde, gravy and/or extra cheese. I got it as is and loved it. I think I'll try adding the chile verde next time though ;) The service was fantastic. The atmosphere is cozy. The location is adorable-it's in a cute little shopping plaza with a few good shops. We went exploring after. Happy to say I really enjoyed my dining experience here.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,8/25/2014,69,191,4,5,6>I have to update my review due to the fantastic service.  Recently, I went to Ocean City to find a particular item for Lunar New Year.  I was looking for gc (baby jackfruit) paste to make xôi gc--red sticky rice.  The store does not carry it, but the ladies who worked there were nice enough to get some for me at their other location.  Fantastic service.  This is now my go to Asian market.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,8/24/2014,43,80,1,5,5>There are a lot of Pho places popping up all over the place and if you aren't paying attention you might miss this one. The outside looks a little sketchy, but as soon as you get inside it is clean and open.  The waitstaff is friendly, and the service is pretty quick. As for the Pho... We very much enjoyed that there were three sizes to choose from. We also very much appreciated that you could get any of the Phos without noodles.  The broth is delightful and the meat is a good quality.  If I have any complaint it would be that the fatty flank doesn't have much fat, and the rare beef was thoroughly cooked.  If you are a person who loves some fat, then get the ox tail, which had plenty of tasty marbling. The prices are reasonable and the location is convenient right off of state.  A decent choice for Pho.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,8/23/2014,131,102,,5,6>I recently stopped by this little shop and I must say that I am a fan.  They have a great selection of vintage clothing, boots, and artwork.  Plus they have 'shop cats' for your needed kitty therapy.  I really hope this place makes it - it is calm and cool and exactly what I have been looking for.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,8/22/2014,100,149,1,6,5>Couldn't be happier.  From our first appointment and get to meet you session between our furry friend and his doctor through to our last grueling session of dental work - every visit has been impeccable.The staff are universally friendly and accommodating, the facility is clean, modern and relaxing.  There are treats for fido and his human too in the form of cookies, coffee and snacks.Every single time I leave I consider checking myself in next time I need care myself.  Seriously our precious pet has had better care here than I've experienced at some person places over my years.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,8/21/2014,245,216,8,8,6>Some might call my love of Spitz, an obsession. Those people might be right.I've eaten at Spitz more than I should probably admit so it's a good thing that I don't live super close to the downtown area because then I might need to attend SA (Spitz Anonymous). But let's not dwell on the "negative."I've tried quite a few things on the menu but my standards include: any of the wraps (particularly the spicy, street cart, and zesty feta) and the street cart fries. I'd be interested in trying a salad next time because they look fantastic as well.But let's talk about those fries for a minute. You can choose regular or sweet potato first of all. I was a little worried the sweet potato would get too soggy with all of the toppings but they actually held up pretty well. Top those with garlic aioli, feta, tomatoes, olives, peppers, onions, and it becomes something only dreams are made of. Delicious dreams.Prices are a tiny bit higher but I think it's well worth it for tasty high-quality food. The staff is pretty quick, especially those in front. It gets really packed at lunch and most evenings but the turnover is fairly fast so I've never had to wait for more than 20 minutes (fingers crossed).I really wish I wasn't on a cleanse right now. My mouth is watering. That might have to be my first stop as soon as I'm done.If loving street cart fries is wrong, I don't want to be right.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,8/20/2014,51,331,3,4,4>Other than the fries, which are the not-so-great school lunch crinkle version, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu at Johnnie's. The Italian Beef (wet) is a messy accumulation of awesome, and the sandwich with the horseradish sauce cleared my sinuses and just about knocked me off my chair.And all of the dogs are delicious. Of course, you need to try the Chicago dog, but don't overlook the other tasty variations on the menu. And be sure to chat up Johnnie while you're at it. Mention the Bulls or Bears and you just made a friend for life.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,8/19/2014,70,238,1,5,3>Love trying new restaurants and Thai happens to be my favorite food. Even though I already ate lunch I saw this place had just opened so I decided to swing in and give it a try.Wait staff was super friendly and was willing to go over the lunch specials with me.  I appreciate the nice offer but I already know in order to get a good review from me they have to make a mean Laab.Food came and it was spot on, not bad for a brand new kitchen. I will be coming back and bringing friends.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,12/1/2010,56,50,,6,3>The best of the Greek drive throughs for certain.Greek Souvlaki's menu is full of souvlaki, yeeros, pita sandwiches, salads and specialty items such as dolmathes, pastitsio and spanakopita. A recent addition to the menu is the Greek Low Carb Salad (my favorite) which provides the Classic Greek Salad with plenty of fresh tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, pepperoncini, calamata olives, feta cheese and dressing and adds either a skewer of chicken or pork souvlaki or yeero meat on top.Best know for the fresh ingredients, generous portions and prompt service, Greek Souvlaki holds the distinction of being the first restaurant to offer yeero (gyro), souvlaki and beefteki in Salt Lake.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,11/30/2010,20,54,2,7,4>Good pulled pork barbecue, but not as good as in the Carolinas.After having spent 20 years in North Carolina, I was excited and pleasantly surprised to find a place offering pulled pork nearby. After a few times here, I can honestly say it's the best I've had in Utah, but I still miss southern barbecue.In the Carolinas, barbecue means slow-roasted pork and nothing else. I'm not sure I can really explain the jonesing that comes from a barbecue habit. I think it's a little like a sushi addiction. When you want some, nothing else will fit the bill.Good pulled pork barbecue is slow roasted. It takes all day to prepare it for dinner, and if you want it for lunch, somebody better have gotten up early. It is hand pulled apart, not cut or chopped, and topped with a vinegar-, tomato-, or mustard- based sauce. Traditionally barbecue is served with slaw (coleslaw) and beans or cornbread.Here the barbecue is cut into chunks with a little too much fat for my liking. But its still very good. My wife likes the crispy parts mixed in with the rest. The slaw is good, but the cornbread is a little sweet, tasting almost like corn cake.However, until I find better, I'll be coming back regularly to get my fix!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,11/29/2010,159,264,7,13,10>I have been enjoying Beehive Cheese since I first tasted the Lavender and Coffee rubbed cheddar at the Farmer's Market around three years ago.I have had the opportunity to see them grow, expand their line of cheeses and spread into local food purveyors throughout the valley and today I had the chance to visit the heart of the cheese just outside of Ogden.  We made the trip up from SLC to collect on a certificate we bid on and won in a Slow Food Utah Silent auction, it was for an entire wheel of cheese!The cheeses are lovingly hand crafted in small batches out of a small little shop and cheese factory.  With delicate rubs like the Sea Hive (salt and honey), Barely Buzzed (lavender and honey), Promontory (cheddar), and Full Moon (unpasteurized and buttery) you can't go wrong and choose something bad.  The cheese curds will hold you over on your way home and offer their own special salty goodness.  With so many great cheeses to choose from the folks at Beehive offered the opportunity to combine several cheeses into a wheel's worth and we walked out with 4 rubbed cheeses and a bag of cheese curds and some pretty big smiles!  Can't wait to give these away as slices of cheesy Christmas gifts!  Now, don't you wish you were on my Christmas list?
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,11/28/2010,64,258,3,9,5>This is a home improvement store that makes sense. People remodel a house and donate items that are still in good shape. They pretty much have an equal amount of new and used Items. Plumbing, cabinets, fixtures, appliances, supplies for everything. They may not always have exactly what I need, but I can usually make something work besides this place is so close to my work, I'll usually pop in to see if they have it first. Where else can you get a chrome plated garden shovel that was once used in a ground breaking ceremony for 5 bucks? Also the one in Orem is twice as big so if you're in Utah county its worth checking out.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,11/27/2010,33,37,4,6,5>Sushi at Tsunami is fantastic! The fish is fresh, the rolls are creative, and they have more than enough vegetarian options (for those vegetarian sushi-lovers out there, like my mom). I HIGHLY recommend the Executive Suite roll. It's delicious - crunchy and spicy, with paper-thin slices of limes on the top with a good douse of habanero sauce. The veggie gyozas did not disappoint, the miso soup always hits the spot, and the desserts here are phenomenal. My husband goes for the chocolate one and I prefer the coconut fried ice cream with the bananas. SO good. It would be 5 stars, but sometimes the service is off (like last night, when our waitress practically RUSHED us out of there because she had to pick up her kids, so... we didn't get to have any dessert).
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2010,11/26/2010,63,97,3,5,3>I am a total wimp when it comes to spicy food so typically am wary at Indian restaurants. But the India House does mild right. The chicken coconut korma is my favorite, and the variety of naan is wonderful. They recently remodeled the inside and updated the serving dishes which are beautiful. It is a great place for a girls night out, or date night, or even a nice family dinner. I have not had anything bad here. So why 4 stars instead of 5? No weekend buffet.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/22/2010,11/25/2010,118,169,6,6,5>"Hey, we went out for sushi the other night! ""Oh, really, where did you go?""Yellowfinn""Hey, I think I've heard of that place. How was it?""Well, we had sushi""Yes, you said that, but what did it taste like?""Sushi""Oh...um...what kinds did you have? What was in it?""Aah...it was...sushi"That's sort of how I felt about the experience. A great little place,  modern looking inside, decent service, quite a few good menu options. But when I finished eating...well...I ate some sushi rolls and some edamame and some tempura vegies...and, yep...that's what I ate. Nothing really stood out. But, hey. It was sushi so I can't complain!It looks like they do have some other fun features like live music one night a week, a DJ on another, specials on rolls, that might make it a great place for a date or night out. And hey, maybe we just didn't order well! I'm totally willing to try it again and maybe ask for recommendations first.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,11/24/2010,102,73,2,6,6>There was a time when I could eat Indian food and find it completely to my satisfaction, no questions asked. However, that time has passed. I've enjoyed the Bombay House cuisine for too long to not measure every other Indian themed restaurant by that yard stick.The Himalayan Kitchen is no exception, and fortunately, they do a great job at measuring up to the standard. There are a few places on their menu that I found Bombay House far and away superior (such as the Naan), but, by and in large, I enjoyed aspects of the Himalayan Kitchen that Bombay House could never match.For example: the buffet lunch. One thing I hate to do is wait, even if waiting is worth the while. Bombay House serves superior cuisine, just barely, but you've got to wait for it. At the Himalayan Kitchen, I loved being able to walk right up to a buffet table and serve my own Masala and Tandoori. As if the food was not enough, the service was great, too. When I first arrived, I found myself parking in a metered spot but without any coins. I hurried into get some change to fill the meter, and I was offered a 1 hour token, for free, instead. Once I sat to eat, my glass was never empty, and the waiter was quick to take away my plate. The atmosphere was great, too. Although the restaurant was busy, it was quiet, and I enjoyed the soft lighting, as well as the spacious benches.It wasn't the Bombay House, but it's close enough. If I'm downtown again soon, I'm going back to the Himalayan Kitchen.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,11/23/2010,4,227,4,5,4>Finally!!! A fantastic restaurant finds its home in Salt Lake City. This is by a mile the best 'fine' dinning restaurant in Utah. The other reviews cover much of what the food is, but it's also about what they have going on there. It reminds me of the French Laundry restaurant in Napa Valley. You can just feel ( & taste) the passion the chef/owner has for what they d and when you watch them through the dinning room kitchen window you will see that this love affair with food in action. This is not a kitchen with a bunch line cooks serving up the same dishes night after night, The service was friendly, attentive and professional...something very very rare in Utah for some reason. Prior to going to Forage, I was a bit hesitant when I saw the pictures of the dishes, as they appear to be on the 'skimpy' side ( and I am a 6'3" 220 lb guy), and knowing I was in SLC...I may have been in for an aggravating night and a stop at the drive-thru on the way home....Not the case, I left extremely satisfied.I not only recommend this restaurant to every foodie in town, but I think every claimed 'fine dinning' restaurant owner , chef, and server visit Forage to see how it should be done. Did I mention I really like this place ;)
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,11/22/2010,78,238,5,9,3>Update:  I have been here frequently since my first review.  Don't miss the crab cocktail appetizer.. great presentation.  My only reservation about this charming place, be sure to ask for your check early, the wait can be lengthy.  Nice, new little place that has a lot of personality.  New Opening Specials: Try it for lunch and enjoy pages of rolls to choose from, for half price.  There were four of us, and we were seated without any wait, in the charming dining area.  Friendly and rapid wait staff.  Delicious sushi.  The Bento boxes are works of art.  I liked it so much, I came back the next day.  I've had deep fried rolls: dynamite and vegas, both delish; and also had the simple rolls: avacado, shrimp.  They have 3 specials going right now:  1/2 price rolls, 30% off most menu items like Bento boxes, chinese food, and i forget the other special!  lots of help, aren't i?  The people seated at the counter seem to be served a bit faster, if you are in a hurry.   We were at the table and in and out in 30-45 mins.  Really nice staff, who remember you when you return. Easy parking in the back lot.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/21/2013,66,56,,5,3>This is not your typical Mexican Restaurant.  While they have the same elements of a Mexican restaurant (tacos, pork, tequila), it is presented in a high class delicious way.  Before you even get to the restaurant you are greeted by a giant Frida on the side of the building.  Once you are inside there is art of Frida everywhere you look.  I went with a group of 8 around 7PM on a Thursday and we were seated shortly after arriving.  We sat inside, but the outdoor patio looked like a great place to sit as well.  For food we started with the Calamar Azul, a calamari coated in blue corn chips with a yummy spicy aioli.  We all also got cocktails with our meals.  I went with the roasted pineapple jalapeno cilantro margarita which was the perfect amount of spicy and sweet, I also got to try the "R n R" which is raspberry rosemary which was also incredible. For an entrée I went with the Puerco en Escabeche which was the Citrus-Glazed Carnitas. They were so incredible, they came with tortillas, salsa and quac on the side to make tacos with. As sides it came with asparagus and chipotle mashed potatoes.  I was so incredibly full by the time I was done with this that I didn't try any of the desserts.  I will definitely be going back to cocktails and desserts sometime in the near future.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,10/20/2013,165,167,8,17,9>People make "welcome to the gun show" comments about me ALL THE TIME! Two months ago, I was scared to wear a short sleeved tee shirt because my arms were so flabby. You do the math.The first time, you will probably think you might die. By the fifth time you will wonder why you lived so long without it.I had heard a lot about Title Boxing Club.  The mom bloggers love it, I'd gotten coupons in the mail, and I drive past it every day on the way to my daughter's school. One day I decided to go for it.  I'd recently lost about 30 pounds but I was definitely out of shape and for sure squishy.  I had two goals: 1) To survive the workout. 2) To maybe get unsquishy.I'm going to warn you right now: The warm up is the hardest part.  About two minutes in, I really thought that I wouldn't make it through goal #1. I survived. Then I awkwardly punched and kicked my way through the class while feeling like a complete fool. Afterwards, they asked me what I thought, and my only answer was "I didn't die."A few days later I went back. You know, after I could lift my arms/walk/laugh without my abs hurting again. Then I just...kept...going. I've never done a fitness anything that was so hard but so effing FUN, and I have gotten results better than I ever imagined, faster than I thought possible.  The owner and the instructors are some of the most helpful and friendly people I've encountered in the fitness world.  Unlike many places, they honestly care. They even make it a point to introduce themselves and know peoples' names. The idea of boxing and kickboxing very likely intimidates the hell out of you. Hand wraps that seem complicated (they'll wrap your hands for you until you get the hang of it!), kinda smelly gloves (yeah just give in and join up and get your own pair of gloves for free.), and the mental picture of a bunch of ripped MMA dudes pounding on a bag (I think I've seen that twice. This place is for regular people of all fitness levels)... Get over it and give Title Boxing a try. I'm there 2-3 times a week and you should see my arms. I am seriousing you. Go.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,10/19/2013,80,97,,4,2>If you want tacos but you don't want the taco cart experience, this is the place for you. The tacos al pastor and the carne asada taco were equally awesome. The meat was tender and the owner seemed really joyful....not something you see a lot in the food service business. The mango liquado was really great as well. I'll definitely be back for a torta, quesadilla, and more tacos!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,10/18/2013,29,127,,4,3>I went back on the Luau/Buffet night and there is no doubt in my mind that this is a 5 star worthy experience. I love it even more than I did before.The buffet was well worth what we paid for it and it was better than any buffet I have had before with not so much food that they can't keep it fresh but just enough food that there is great variety. The buffet is an experience, not just for the food, but for the laid back musical entertainment.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/17/2013,94,67,,3,2>I have been EVERY Indian place in this valley. If you ask me this is the best. I love everything I have eaten here from the Vindaloo to the Masala. If you like spicy food like me (I eat sriracha like its going out of style) they will make your food so hot your ears will melt while still tasting like the most amazing Indian food ever. The do sell beer here which is also a plus.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,10/16/2013,49,49,,6,2>I love love love this place!!! I have to really like a place to even bother leaving a review.  I was brought here by a friend who gave nothing but rave reviews... so I had to try it for myself. As soon as I walked through the door I was greeted by the most friendly faces ever! The staff there is beyond amazing. They are so sweet, so smiley and just extremely helpful. We got seated quickly. Got our yummy food quickly and were checked on often but not too much to where your like... ""ugh just let me eat"". They were perfect in that department. The food!! oh my gosh was so authentic and so good. Their chips and salsa was to die for. I can't even come up with enough words right now to explain how good their food was. I love this place. It's one of my new favorite places... I never thought I would I would be saying this but they def beat La Puente in my book and I never thought that would happen.  If your wanting some good authentic Mexican food you need to try this place out! You will not leave disappointed.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/15/2013,4,6,1,3,3>I've been going to Jarrett's Java Express for about eight years, and it's been consistently awesome every time. The staff is always friendly (even at six AM), the drinks are good, and the raspberry cream cheese danish is the stuff of dreams. There's a Beans and Brews a half block away from here, and while it's good too, Java Express is far more worth my money. Even though I don't live in Salt Lake anymore, I make it  a point to stop by there every chance I get.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/14/2013,43,13,1,7,5>I've been returning to this place since private club memberships were still required.  I've never had a bad experience here.  The staff is always great and Dave, the owner, is incredibly friendly.Sunday's they have a bloody mary bar that is pretty much my main reason for getting out of bed.  They make a killer philly cheese steak and their fries have some kind of amazing spice that, although it smells like bad B.O. it tastes like freedom.Being Canadian, I miss poutine.  I was stoked when they added it to their menu.  French fries covered with melted mozzarella and warm gravy.  Do not be dismayed by the revolting description.  If it were possible to live off poutine alone, I absolutely would.  The only thing I don't love about Piper is the noise level when they have a live band playing.  It gets a little frustrating having to yell into the ear of the person next to you while repeating yourself for the third time to try to be heard.  Overall, one of my favorite places in Salt Lake.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/13/2013,3,34,2,5,3>One of the most interesting places I've ever eaten. After spending a week in the south, I developed a taste for chicken and waffles. I came to this place the first time for the express purpose of consuming said dish. The chicken and waffles here were actually better than the stuff I ate in Georgia. It was also here that I learned how to properly eat, this, one of my new favorite dishes. A plate of chicken and waffles should be consumed with hot sauce and a fried egg on top. Keep that in mind.Furthermore, I have sampled their waffles with a type of lavender jelly that was simply divine.The indie atmosphere and delicious food make Pig & Jelly Jar one of my favorite places in this city.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,10/12/2013,1710,637,1,6,6>Add a star from my last review. I've found it's increasingly difficult to find a good entree anywhere including The Copper Onion.  Tonight, I was pleasantly surprised with the Ballard Farm griddled pork chop (w/crispy anson mills polenta, shishito peppers, clifford farm egg, ancho chili).  The griddled pork chop was good, but the real hero on the dish was the crispy polenta - crispy on the outside, silky and wonderful on the inside. Add to that shishito peppers and an ancho chile sauce and you've got yourself a winner. Every bite was heaven.The pasta carbonara was, as usual, reliable and tasty. The ricotta dumplings were decent, but the octopus salad (special) was AWESOME. Nice crispy caramelized exterior and soft tender interior with the all-important griddled flavor. DELICIOUS!Ended the meal with the apple cake and maple spice ice cream. The cake is pretty much perfection, emboldened by whisky, and embiggened by some of the best ice cream in the SLC. Overall, the whole meal was pretty much perfection. Thank you TCO!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,8/9/2012,221,489,10,5,4>I don't find myself in Utah County particularly often these days, but circumstances led me down here one Wednesday for lunch. My boyfriend has often raved to me about this place, often mentioning his almost unhealthy love of the salad dressing, so I was pleased to finally get to try the spot out.I went up to the counter and decided to order the Zaco, because it is called a Zaco and it is so fun to say and type. Zaco. My Zaco had steak and cheese in it and I'm going to try typing Zaco as many times as I can in this review. Zaco. Others ordered salads and personal pizzas and other things that are not as cool to say as Zaco. Anyway, the people who own this place claim a Zaco is a cross between a calzone and a salad, but it's basically pizza dough with lettuce and salad dressing and meat and cheese in the middle. Zaco. I thought my Zaco was super tasty. I also had a side salad with my Zaco so I could sample the fine salad dressing. It was tasty on the salad, but even tastier in my Zaco. Zaco. Now, I had been told that the owner guy is awesome and calls out the orders in hilarious ways, but somebody else was calling out the orders as I waited for my Zaco. Someone much more...subdued. I hope that the owner is there for my next Zaco experience.Zaco Zaco Zaco.Zaco.ZACO!!!!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,8/8/2012,19,93,3,1,2>I haven't been here for years but recently been a couple times. I really like the steak and frites. Perfectly cooked rib-eye steak with parmesan shoe string fries. Usually a lot of places over cook shoe string fries but these were right on and pretty tasty. The bartender also made some great dirty martinis. For desert I tried the chocolate cake with homemade whipped cream and vanilla ice cream. Excellent. It also came with an awesome pistachio nut brittle. The place feels like an old school classy cigar steakhouse, which it was until the smoking laws changed a few years ago. A little slice of Chicago in SLC. I like sitting at the bar. Close proximity to the alcohol. It is a little on the pricer side but worth it if you're in that mood. I went on a Friday and Sunday and it was pretty quiet and not a lot of people. If you want to check them out I have pics. My apologize for stuffing my face first before taking the pics, but I couldn't help it.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,8/7/2012,63,225,3,5,3>After trying a Thai restaurant that is popular on yelp and not loving it, we sort of forgot about Thai food for awhile. But I was craving it one day this week and looked up restaurants nearby to me, just to see what came up.Situated adjacent to Liberty Park in a somewhat residential neighborhood, we found Tasty Thai! And we were very happy! Parking is deceptive- small lot in front, but go around the corner and you'll find about 12 more spots!I'm a simple lady- give me some Pad Woon Sen and I'm in heaven! Theirs with tofu is excellent! The sauce was just right, the noodles were perfect, the right amount of veggies- the kind of meaI I daydream about later.We had just gotten home from a week of vacation where we were not good! My boyfriend wanted to order something healthy to get back on track, so he picked number 41, I cannot remember what it was called, but it was lots of fresh veggies in a garlic sauce with your choice of protein (he picked chicken). He was very happy with it and actually ate all on his plate!!The only downside was the service. A very friendly girl took our order, but a surly girl was the one who dropped our food and check off as she barely slowed down past our table. A couple came in to eat and stood by the front door as this girl cleared off a table, walked right past them, went back to table, wiped it with a cloth, walked right past them, went back to table with menus and plates, walked right past them, went back to table with waters and then finally sat them. She never even acknowledged them or said, "I'll be right with you".  It was awkward to watch. I thought prices were decent, the food was very good and the location is also quite good, so we will be back!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/6/2012,46,405,,4,7>Folks, this is Yelp in action. Apparently the owner saw my post and he desired to make things better. He apologized for the poor customer service as well as lack of swords. He told me to tell him when I'd be by next and that he would personally help me with any of my hobby needs. I wish he COULD help me out but as I previously stated I was only there with friends and I am personally not into hobby games. It was not my intention to harm a business especially one that is locally owned, as I feel I want to support small businesses and local business owners. Although I write the majority of my reviews as a joke with a side of seriousness I do understand that these effect the outcome of possible future revenue. So I feel like Yelp truly is serving it's purpose in shining a light on the good businesses and giving advice to those that may be lacking. It is nice to see an owner scouring these pages looking for ways to better their shops. Robert seems like a very nice and sincere gentleman who wants to better any short or rude behavior of employees as well as give a great shopping experience. So for Robert's sake shop at Hastur if you're a Magic playing, puzzle assembling, model painting type of person. They have weekly tournaments for many of your favorite games as well as what I imagine would be improved customer service. How do I know the customer service has improved since I previously stated I won't be back? Because Robert said he would work on it and has already talked to his employees and Robert wouldn't lie to me, would you Robert?
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,8/5/2012,24,70,2,5,1>I could only stay away for 2 days before the cravings started!  I brought my family back in on Saturday for lunch.We ordered a nice selection off the menu.  2 banh mi (honey pork and short ribs), honey glazed pork with rice and the meatball pho.  Everything was delicious and cost around $30!!!!Try the iced Vietnamese coffee.  It was the perfect compliment to an amazing meal!  We will be back again and again!  :)
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,8/4/2012,12,126,9,5,6>There used to be a Curves gym next to Tommies, but they had to move away from the incessant scent of smoked meat.There is a menu. It is vast. It's longer than three men. Some men are longer than others. There are old stand-bys: plate-o-meat, meat on a bun, meat with slaw, meat with beans. There are evocative, sultry inventions: BBQ spaghetti, BBQ pizza, buffalo wings, brisket chili.[Insert cold shudder here]There was indecision, so I asked for the best meat. I was told they're all good, but the brisket would make me feel all happy/silly/horny. I may be paraphrasing. "Brisket me," I commanded, "And a plate of wings for me and my friends! No, one plate. We'll share."Money changed hands.There was a short wait. A goddess of a girl sauntered to our table and held out a plastic basket of food. Her arm trembled for a moment before she dropped it. It smashed into the table like an Oxford Unabridged.And it was good. The sauces were a little sweet, but the brisket was dry, not greasy. The medium wings were medium spicy, but tasty. The portions were ample. The goddess smiled and dissipated into the smokey vapors.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,8/3/2012,314,135,3,7,6>Can't decide whether to have American or Asian food? Why not have both? Chabaar has an East meets West menu. Their meu consist of diner food, Thai cuisine, plus pho.I've been here a few times, mostly for thai food. I just tried one of their breakfast dish off the diner menu. I have to say I like the thai dishes more, but I only tried one dish, so I cant really judge them for their diner food just yet.Now to the food: Catfish salad is still a winner in my eyes. This dish conist of papaya salad with their house made spicy sauce. The catfish is cut into bite size chunks that's deep fried. The sauce is as spicy as you choose it to be and like typical papaya salad it has a little tangy/ sourness to it. Curry pot pie a total east meets west dish. A totally wonderfurl idea. This dish takes about half an hour to make, so I recommend calling in and ordering it beforehand so that it would be ready by the time you get there. You can get this dish with any curry and meat of your choosing. The dish consists of rice, bread topping, and curry of your choosing. I would totally recommend if possible to get less rice and more curry sauce so that you have something to dunk your bread into. Who doesnt like to dip stuff???Our final dish was the steak and eggs. I probably wouldnt order this dish again. I ordered my steak medium rare and it was over cooked. This dish was just okay, nothing really out of the normal to take a note of other than the meat was more tender looking than it tasted. Service here was great. The waitress are really friendly and very attentive. They never let your water glass go empty which is a plus for me especially if you're eating something spicy.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,8/2/2012,52,346,1,6,3>I have been going to the Turtle since I was a child. I have since moved out of the area 15 years ago. I was curious if it was as good as I remembered it? And they did not disappoint! This was the first place I was introduced to fish n chips. I didn't even know they used halibut in them. They were very tasty and cooked perfectly. They have everything you would want from a greasy burger joint. From shakes to foot long hot dogs. And always a Utah tradition fry sauce on the table. I will definitely make the drive to come back again.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,8/1/2012,15,42,7,9,8>I've been to Lucky 13 three times now.  All three times I have gone away saying best burger I've ever had...so 5 stars for me.First off, what can you say about the bacon.  Just awesome!!!  I asked/told the waiter you should just have a bacon appetizer...he said we have thought about it and said if you asked he was sure they could figure out a price for 4 or 5 strips.  Can you say next time!!!Burgers - I haven't had a better one anywhere as of yet.  Go and find out for yourself.Onion Rings good, Fries good, Garlic Rosemary Fries good.  Fry sauce has a kick to it of some kind.Service is sometimes in question on other reviews.  I've never thought of a bar as being a quick place to get a bite.  Service has always been great for my group.All burger joints bow to Lucky 13!...so far anyway.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,7/31/2012,42,67,1,8,6>Yeah, I shamelessly spent $37 on pastries so I could try one (bite) of each.  A few didn't make it into by box...which I was bummed about because I really wanted to try the Salted Caramel eclair and the Cannelle.  Everything I tasted was fantastic.  The croissant was extra buttery and delicious.  I was there the first day and my only complaint was selection wasn't too huge, but that could change in the future.  I'll definitely be back.Update:  I'm increasing my review to five stars as a result of follow up visits with excellent, super friendly service every time, and the addition French macarons to the menu which are shear perfection!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/6/2013,2/23/2013,22,118,3,2,2>It's good. They're pros. Prices are reasonable. They sell beer. There's live music from time to time. The tables, chairs and concrete floors are hard. And cold. It's got high ceilings which makes the atmosphere seem all that much more hard and cold. You can sit outside on a couple of tables during the summer and look at the front of parked automobiles. You order at the counter and your meal is brought to your table. They barbecue meats and there are sauces you can slather on the meats. They offer a number of side dishes. The employees are hipsters who know how to barbecue meats and cook side dishes. They grow beards and likely bicycle places and ski. When they ski they're likely backcountry because skiing at a resort costs money and isn't cool. It's The Sugarhouse Barbecue Company. It's convenient, good enough for a $10 lunch and I'll be back. Someday.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,2/22/2013,94,67,4,8,4>Smart Cookie Company is by far the best cookie bakery in existence. I've had cookies in almost every state from Alaska to New York to Hawaii to Florida. Nothing beats a Smart Cookie!This place is pure deliciousness! In fact, Smart Cookie is the only cookie I prefer to one of my own homemade treats!Every time I enter the doors in Fort Union and the miraculous scent wafting about the air hits me, my heart skips a beat. I panic and think, "Perhaps these cookies aren't as delicious as I remember. Maybe I am only remembering them as God's gift to cookie lovers everywhere because I don't have treats that often." Absence makes the heart grow fonder, right?Then I take a bite and every doubt I have is washed away.They are every bit as delectable as only one's wildest imagination can conjure....crack for the cookie lover. I've even recruited more than my fare share of addicts - you few dozen folks know who you are.My family always has me bring them a dozen when I fly home to Ohio.  In fact, I had to ship some home for my sister's bridal shower and bachelorette party!  The selection is great amongst the gourmet sugar cookies - sugar, lemon, almond, and cinnamon are the four you can always find in various shapes reflecting the time of year.  Then, they often have a chocolate mint, red velvet, chocolate ganache, Chocolate Vanilla, and more.  My personal favorite is the straight-up sugar cookie with cream cheese frosting.  Their traditional gourmet cookies are also the tops from Peanut Butter to Milk or Dark Chocolate Toffee to snickerdoodles to traditional chocolate chip.  The thing most folks like to do before or after a movie is get the ice cream sandwiches they offer - hand-scooped ice cream in about 12 different flavors smooshed between two of their traditional cookies of your choice.  Yum!  Just want a cookie and milk?  No problem!  You can also find a variety of drinks like frozen hot chocolate and Italian sodas, but I've only tried the frozen hot chocolate once, so I can't attest to how yummy their drink selection is.I do often have to clarify to newbies that "Smart Cookie" does not mean Smart as in Healthy - it means Smart as in eating this deliciosity is the smartest thing you will ever do.I have always found the staff very helpful and extremely patient with patrons trying to decide their cookie flavors, amounts, and ice cream flavors - it can be laborious, but they tend to everyone with smiles on their faces.  They have met every special request I have asked of them - individually wrapping cookies, extra boxes, etc.For a deal, you can always find coupons in the Savings books OR just go when they open and they always sell packages of their day-old cookies for about half price.  I promise you, they are just as delicious the next day.  They take orders for large events, which I recommend if you want more than two dozen.The only downside?  I get a sugar coma every time.If you haven't had Smart Cookie, you haven't lived. Try it. Now.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,2/21/2013,605,129,9,10,9>Copper Onion...the place for any onion lover!  I absolutely love onions, so when my friend Benson H recommended that I tried out this place, I made certain to do so!  I came here with Camy K, Ngoc V, and Quynh N.  They all liked the food and felt that it was tasty; although, our service was definitely rushed.I ordered their smoked salmon and it came with a sunny side up egg.  Of course there were tons of onions, so it was delicious!  It was quite heavy on oil, but I did enjoy it overall.  My friends also enjoyed their duck confeit and eggs benedict.+1 Star: Good ambiance.+1 Star: Quick service.+1 Star: Reasonable prices.+1 Star: Tasty food!  I hear pasta's cooked correctly here, so if you're there for dinner, you should definitely try it!-1 Star: I made reservations through opentable and the hostess didn't mark me as showing up.  I called them again later to correct it, but they hung up on me.  I don't think they're very good with regards to phone and opentable communication.  Also, I wasn't amazed by Copper Onion, so I decided to give them 4 stars instead.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,2/20/2013,27,48,,5,2>I wanted to try Cafe Chapin as soon I heard about it. My mom was from Guatemala, so I grew up eating Guatemalan food. This place really brought back some of my favourite childhood memories as soon as I saw the menu.I ended up getting a pupusa and the guisado de res. The pupusa was pretty average, but the curtido was really delicious. Curtido is a cabbage and vinegar salad-like topping for pupusas. I wish their salsa was spicier, as it was flat out mild. The guisado was great, the beef was tender and the sauce was very tasty. The refried black beans were awesome. I grew up eating black beans and I like them better than pinto beans. The queso fresco and crema were perfect with the beans.The service was pretty good. Our waitress was friendly and was quick to refill our water. There were a couple of things I didn't like, though. My girlfriend's kid had the quesadilla kid's meal and it was supposed to come with beans and rice and a drink. The waitress said that their soda machine was broken so he wouldn't get the drink. They had cans of soda, but she didn't offer one instead. When he got his plate the rice and beans were missing, I let her know and she brought him some. When we got our check she had charged us for his beans and rice. I was annoyed, but I didn't want to argue with them over $2. I'll definitely be back to try some other items like the tamales and chuchitos. They have tasty food and their prices are low. Give them a try!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2012,2/19/2013,349,631,2,5,5>This place has been around for very time, and they moved to this location just few years ago from their old 7800 S location.  I remember coming here to buy Asian grocery as a kid.  Their new location is just as small as their old one, a lot brighter and cleaner in a sense.  The small old Vietnamese continued running the store as usual.Their products centralized around the Vietnamese world with bits and pieces from nearby Asian cultures like Thai and Chinese.   They got all you need if you are trying to cook Vietnamese dish at home.  Rice noodle is still a good item to pick up from here, as I recall even authentic Chinese restaurants get them from here back then.  Price is not comparable with larger stores like the one on 9000 S.The downside about Vinh Long is the size and outdated style, since they cannot provide a one-stop Asian grocery experience, and they are still in the way of business 10 years ago.  Not a bad thing if you are into vintage stores.  I do occasionally find things big places do not sell here.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,2/18/2013,186,563,1,6,1>By far my favorite taco stand in the valley, and we've tried a good number of them. Two tacos for $1.50 and $3 burritos that rival Chipotle's portions cannot be beat.In case you're wondering how the condiments cooler works....you will be handed your tacos/burritos/quesadillas naked, and you top them with whatever salsa you want. They also usually have a guacamole type sauce, cabbage, radishes, cucumbers, and lime wedges in the cooler. If you get a burrito, you will get it open. Put in your toppings and hand it back to the nice lady working, she will roll it all up for you. Don't try to roll it yourself - it just won't work.Don't even bother wondering what those other carts are like in the same vicinity, they aren't as good. Tacos Don Rafa has a loyal lifelong customer base with our familty!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,2/17/2013,63,274,3,4,2>I've been reading the many reviews of "Oh Mai" since joining Yelp, it seems one of those places that just has to be on everyones "have to try this list".My visit here is actually the first time I have ever had Vietnamese food so I have no real reference point for comparison, so this review is based purely on my overall experience and enjoyment of the items I sampled.  And really - isn't that what a review should be based on anyway :)Well, let me just start out (because this hasn't been done to death in other reviews I'm sure) by saying......Oh Mai, this is yummy!I went here for lunch on a weekday, and despite it being street parking only, was able to park relatively close.  It was fairly busy but upon arrival (around noon) it was only a short wait in line (5 minutes tops) before we were able to order.  By the time we left the line was quite long, I could see a 15 or 20 minute wait being possible, but it's worth it believe me.This is a nice little family owned business with a fairly minimalistic, but quaint interior, and a great selection of food.  All of the items have a letter and a number so ordering is really easy, and food came out pretty quickly also.On this visit, the following items were sampled:P6: Pho soup - Ribeye, Brisket.This was really nice, it's a unique and refreshing flavor, has a nice amount of spice and you have to enjoy any soup that fights back due to solid pieces of meat floating around in there.  I think if it takes some effort to tame it with a combination of forks and chop sticks, it's a winner (actually, in the latter case - if you see me use chop sticks the outcome is more likely that someone will lose an eye.  In this case though, everyone got away just fine).S2: Bahn Mi Sandwich - Honey Glazed Pork.I was very pleasantly surprised, I'm kind of fussy when it comes to sandwiches and what I like.  Mainly because I love bread packed with ample meat and many flavors.  Well on that note, here we have great bread (like French Bread) packed with a veritable smorgasbord of meat, vegetables and flavors, so how can I not be loving it?V5: Vermicelli Noodle - Garlic RibeyeAs I'm writing this, I'm remembering back and thinking.  Partially because like the Pho, I find foods that are challenging to actually get from bowl to mouth without it sliding off the fork are (a) helpful to my diet, (b) relaxing - because it distracts me from other stresses I might have and (c) make it so I don't wolf the food down in 3 minutes flat which I can say happens with me on odd occasions (read: anytime I am eating).  With this particular dish, I had made a note in my phone that it was my favorite.  And it was.  Along with the Bahn Mi Sandwich.  And quite possibly the Pho too.So to conclude - from this you can probably tell I enjoyed this.  It's a great place with really good food and lived up to the hype of all the other reviews I have read.I suspect there will be more Vietnamese food in my future, and I look forward to the challenge of more sparring matches with these wonderful delicacies.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/16/2013,114,115,6,13,6>Nice to have something different on what I call sandwich row along 300 S downtown. From the same folks as the beloved Robin's Nest around the corner come gourmet dogs. Gourmet usually means Nathan's which they do have but they also have a New Jersey dog called Sabrett. Get this dog, it's a really meaty tasting dog. They also have tofurky and eventually gluten free buns. They have quite the selection of toppings once you have chosen your base. They don't skimp on the toppings either, so one dog can probably take care of you for lunch as potato chips are included. But you definitely won't leave hungry if go for two. If you only do one, I recommend the SLC Dog- Sabrett dog, BACON, potato salad, relish, crushed potato chips and other stuff all on a super soft bun. Great to have something different downtown and for around $7 for a complete lunch with drink, one of the best values around. Also open late for those times you're downtown at night bar hopping but pay attention to the nighttime hours.I'm pretty proud I made it through this review without innuendo.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,2/15/2013,106,206,5,6,4>I. Love. This. Place.  Plus, now that they're open for breakfast on Sundays too, there's nothing not to like!  I have friends who are absolutely obsessed with their pancakes, and for good reason.  They're fluffy, soft, a little crispy on the outside, and absolute sponges for the syrup that is provided.  Their gravy is so delicious- so I tend to go for one of their breakfast options that are smothered with it.  And then if you arrive later in the daytime, I've had yummy experiences with everything I've ordered on their menu- pot roast, chicken parm... oh man! I'm getting hungry now!Oh, and the clientele there is always good for some people watching.  The restaurant is on the first floor of a low-cost apartment building that I'm always wondering if it's also an assisted living facility.  Whenever I go there, I see a strange mix of hipsters and people who have just exited the hospital- jazzies, walkers, home oxygen, TED hose... it's all there.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/14/2013,24,108,3,3,3>Been here twice and still haven't tried there food but really want to!   The number one thing i like about this place is they have the upstairs which is a dance club with crazy lighting, a bar, sometimes a D.J. and a dance floor but down stairs they have a little less loud (where you can actually hear the people you are with and talk to them too.) It kind of look and feels like a dive bar which I LOVE!!    Down stairs they also have pool tables, dart boards, air hockey table, shuffle board and a giant black board so when you get drunk or stupid and want to give out your name and phone number to the hole Ogden area you can or just write a fun note. I will say this place is a good time and if you are from here you will always run into someone you know. :)
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,4/16/2012,54,206,2,5,5>Plum Alley -- Plum tasty!So after the Yelp and co-worker hype, I figured we had to try it.  And since we had plans for V-day (a music rehearsal, ugh!), this seemed like the perfect "after V-day tasty dinner" spot to get my romantic mojo going again.As others have said, it's tapas-y, with most dishes prepared to share.  Same goes with the tables.  We were there early, so another couple sat on the other side of the 8-person long tables, and we didn't have to go elbow-to-elbow.  But we couldn't help but overhear their conversation. I guess for closet voyeurs, it makes it kind of fun.The first, small dishes were by far the best.  We had a special fish cake with locally sourced fish that has a, well, bouncy, squishy mouth feel.  I'm so used to the grainy feel of crabcakes, these caught me off guard a bit.  But still tasty.Then we had our two favorite dishes of the night -- the egg rolls with pickled veggies and crab with a tamarind dipping sauce, and the pork shoulder buns.The egg rolls were out of this world.  They smelled a little bit like Christmas -- warm spices, and maybe some winter fruit, with the tasty meats.  Their papers were perfectly crispy, and the tamarind sauce is at once sweet and spicy and complimented everything perfectly.  I'd love to use it as a replacement for cheap Chinese duck or sweet and sour sauce any time.Then came the buns.  Less like buns, but more like pieces of meat between what look like uncooked rounds of pilsbury biscuit dough (you know what I mean? just after you pop the can and separate them out)?  But warm, fluffy, and a little gooey.  It sounds gross, but it's great.  And then let's talk about what's inside.  There's a restaurant in Austin, TX called Franklin Barbecue.  It's been rated the best BBQ in the country by numerous publications, and for good reason.  It's why Texas-style BBQ exists.  The pork shoulder in these buns tastes like it came from Franklin.  Soft, tender, with all the fats slowly cooked in and the connective tissue melted away, with a deep, rich, smoked flavor that must come from the BBQ-Guy-In-The-Sky.  I don't know how Franklin did it, and I don't know how Plum Alley could replicate it (especially since I don't see any 40-hour smokers out back of the restaurant).  They were to die for.  The buns made the hair on the back of my neck stand up.  I giggled.  And I even cried a little.  Yes, I'm a man, and I cry at outstanding food.  It's only happened a few times, and it happened with the pork shoulder buns at Plum Alley.Then why only 4 stars? (Let's wrap this up...) First, as other have said, the ramen was nothing special.  The pork belly (one of my favorite foods) was, well, flat, lacking in flavor any any punch whatsoever.  I didn't think the broth was all that salty, but it wasn't all that special.  The soft poached egg was nice.  I'd skip the ramen.We also ordered the bok choy, which we heard was fantastic.  It wasn't.  Nicely seared, but once again nothing special.  (Note:  the veggie "sides" are huge -- enough for 3 people if you're picking and choosing over the menu).Our desert was a panna cotta with some sort of jasmine, gelatanous topper and chili chocolate drizzle.  Each individual element was very tasty; I'm not sure I'd put them all together. Finally, we got the bill (very reasonable, I might add) and I paid with cash.  I was supposed to get a few singles and 42 cents in change.  And the server returned only with the dollar bills, shorting me the 42 cents.  Now, I don't mind the customary practice at nice restaurants of not returning change, but when it's nearly a half dollar, I think it's rude to take money that's not on the customer's bill... does it go to my server's tip? To the restaurant? To the state as a tax?  If you want to "round" when change is given, either (a) always round up (so the customer gets more money than he deserves, which will lead to goodwill and probably a better tip) or (b) round to the quarter.  As it was, I ended up leaving less tip, since, well, to me it looked like she took some of my money already without asking.  But, unlike the other reviewers here, I found the service to be quite good -- our server was knowledgeable about all the ingredients in each dish, helpful, and attentive.  If she just didn't steal my 42 cents.So, despite its flaws, I'm compelled to give PA 4 stars.  I will be back, and I will try every small bite item on the menu (along with probably just about everything else).  I hope they're open for lunch soon, as 4 pork buns + a salad would be a knockout noon meal.Just avoid the ramen.  And pay with a credit card.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,4/15/2012,72,51,2,3,3>Just bought and baked my first batch of cookies from here - RIDICULOUSLY easy, omg. I was expecting a roll that I had to slice up ala Tollhouse...nope - this dozen comes in a big zip lock bag containing 12 plump dough balls that you just take out place on a pan. Tips: Ruby herself says to bake on parchment paper and the Rubysnappette that helped me at the counter said to bake in the oven until the dough appears to "crack" and then remove (I baked some Audreys in this case). Result - gourmet deliciousness right in my own home. Huzzah! I even had them on a Sunday night (when the RubySnap shop is closed)! Get some!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,4/14/2012,306,148,3,4,1>I've driven past the "Mexican Leatherbys" many times, but it always looked like it was closed (either for the day or permanently). But at the urging of some other Yelp friends, I gave the tamale and ice cream joint a try. The tamales were surprisingly good - fresh, a wide variety of flavors, and all under $2. The ice cream flavors are the same as the original Taylorsville location, but much less expensive. My "Gretchen's Golden Nugget" sundae was only $3.85 (about half of the Taylorsville location price)The ambiance isn't terribly family-friendly. The interior is cramped with wobbly tables and chairs. I can see myself getting tamales to go for a party or family dinner. It's a part of town I don't venture into alone at night, so bring your friends when you visit Mexi-Leatherbys.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,4/13/2012,20,329,3,6,2>One of, if not the top place in Utah to eat sushi....and believe it or not, ribs, all in one sitting.   Their sushi is phenomenal but dare I say their teriyaki ribs are the best ribs I've ever had.  Who would have thought that when asked about good rib joints I always recommend people try Tsunami.   It definitely bodes well when a member of your party doesn't like sushi all that much.  The dining atmosphereis great.  They provide great service and great food.   I haven't tried everything on their menu (yet) but from what I have tried nothing beats it.   Three things to try...1. Executive, Lobster, Vegas rolls2. Ribs3. Of course don't forget the EdamameThree things Tsunami could improve on...1. Turn up the heat.  I don't like to eat in the cold2. Keep prices reasonable.  I know, if you want quality you're going to pay for it but sometimes the cost is too far out there if you crave good sushi often3. More detailed menu would help those that are just getting into sushi and it may save time in the ordering processKeep up the great work Tsunami!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,4/12/2012,123,201,1,7,3>What the pho? Did I just eat my momma's pho?This place makes the best pho that I have had in Utah other than my mom's kitchen. You can tell that their broth is not just a simple beef broth from a can but has been made from scratch simmering with the bones, dried herbs, and spices to gain that deep--mMmm, mmMmmm good--flavor. Definitely tasty and delicious enough to satisfy my pho craving.(Oh, and if you don't know what pho is, it is a common Vietnamese dish of beef broth soup with rice noodles. It contains your choice of meat from thinly sliced flank steak, meatballs, and/or tripe and you add in your fresh vegetables that include: basil, bean sprouts, jalapeños, green onions, and/or lemon. You also add sriracha to spice it up and hoisin sauce to add a little sweetness to your dish. For me, I add enough hoisin sauce until the broth has a nice slightly deep brown tint. A side note, you have a small sauce dish to put your ratio of sriracha and hoisin sauce to dip your meat in from your pho.)Back to Pho Tay Ho, their price is too good to be true! You can get two small bowls (perfect size for lunch, especially in the winter) for yourself and another for around $10! Not a bad deal if you ask me.Oh! Another thing, this place also has salty lemonade (chanh muoi) which is a popular drink in Vietnam. If you want to do a little cultural exploration, try it out. This drink is a salty n' sweet lemonade because it is made with a salted pickled lime. It is unusual and different but worth a try to see what it is all about. If you are not feeling risky though, then I'd wait until you are in the mood.Recommendation(s): Uhh...get the pho. Try the salty lemonade if you are feeling a little risky.Note(s): The service can be lacking and the atmosphere is so-so, but the food is good!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,4/11/2012,78,130,,5,6>This is a very authentic Mexican restaurant in Midvale. Some people just can't hang with authentic, but if you can, this is your place. No, the guy doesn't speak much English, and no, there is no set menu, but you know what? I kind of like that. It feels a lot like eating at a friends house, and I appreciate feeling like a guest. Plus, I love the fact that they have jarritos and mexican coke in the glass bottles. And you can't beat the prices of this place. You know this place is legit when there are more Latino peeps eating here than anything else.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,4/10/2012,45,107,,4,2>I have a confession. I used to be vegan. For six months. It was really hard for me to maintain the lifestyle. However I still enjoy supporting vegetarian and vegan establishments.  Eating at Omars made me reconsider being vegan. The food is to die for! If you think you don't like veggies, you need to try them Omar style. Frankly, I was shocked by how amazing the food was. It came out beautifully plated and complete with edible flowers. I had no idea raw vegan food could be so tasty. It was great to go to dinner and feel satisfied and energetic after instead of stuffed and lethargic. I will definitely eat here again and soon.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,4/9/2012,67,197,4,5,6>Just a shout-out for the chicken tacos at Chungas. The virtues of the Al Pastor has been widely discussed. But for people who don't eat pigs (yes, such people do exist), fear not, their chicken tacos are quite awesome. The tacos come with sprinkled onions and cilantro, served with nice and fluffy rice, solid black beans, and a piece of lime - just the way I like my Mexican food. Chungas' chicken tacos leaves me feeling contented.That apart, the fried plantains are really delicious and are exactly what you should be eating after running a 5K..And did anyone mention the folks over here are nice and friendly? 5 stars? I say, why not?
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,4/8/2012,349,631,2,4,3>On a hungry Sunday night worrying about feeding starving family, and we did not want to drive up to Salt Lake, then I discovered La Hacienda after hearing about this place from fellow yelpers.  The place has very good atmosphere and service was superb. For starter, we went with a dozen of oysters.  They put a piece of cucumber on each of the oysters, but I thought that adds a bitter flavor to the oyster, so I took it off and eat it with just fresh lime juice... aphrodisiac foods are rarely disappointing  ;)For entrees, we got a bunch of dishes to circulate around, which we ended up getting Costilla ribs with Habanero sauce, a Combination Fajitas, Chicken Quesadillas, Siete Mares (a seafood type of soup), and Mojarra (fried tilapia).The ribs had a great tasting to it and the sauce was not too spicy for half of the table, and the sides were decent with avocado, onion, tomato, bean, and rice.  The quesadillas were not too cheesy and my kid loved it.   The soup had a very rich exploding seafood flavor in it, definitely recommended if you are a seafood lover, just watch out for shells.  The fried tilapia was a big hit for the boney fish lovers, but I did not try it, as I am not a fan of boney fishes.  The combination fajitas was very delicious and was not overly greasy like many other places.As one of the few places that opens on Sunday south in the valley and they probably served me one of the best Mexican food in this area, La Hacienda will definitely receive a future visit from me.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,4/7/2012,1710,637,4,8,9>My only suggestion after this visit is: hire a dependable server assistant and pay him/her almost as much as your servers make. I think what happened this evening was one of the servers, host(ess)s, or buss staff 'forgot' to show up. Consequently, the remaining servers had to work their tails off to buss and serve tables. I felt for them. That said, the food was excellent, once again. We started with the Sweet Potato Chipotle soup. It came to our table hot, and delicious. Not too sweet, and just the perfect amount of background heat for a spice-wuss, like myself. Our salad, Phyllo Wrapped Baked Brie over Organic Mixed Greens in a Fig-Golden Balsamic Vinaigrette with Candied Almonds & Apples was a real treat. We both loved the vinaigrette, and agreed that the salad was best when all the elements were combined into one bite. I ordered the Red Wine Braised Short-Rib with Crispy Carrot Shavings, and Mashed Potatoes. Once again, this dish was best eaten with all ingredients in one bite. However, every element was delicious on its own, especially the crispy carrot shavings. My dining companion REALLY liked this dish. She ended up ordering one of the specials: Brazilian Stew with Coconut Milk, Lobster and Shrimp over Jasmine Rice. Essentially, it was a Thai dish. Decent, but not our favorite. We finished the meal with Pecan Bread Pudding. May I just sum up my feelings toward this bread pudding by asking, is it possible to have this as a wedding cake? That's what I'd want to have at my own wedding reception, or any other occasion for that matter. My recommendation for this restaurant was strengthened by this visit, and I hope to be back for brunch next time. I want to try the Huevos Rancheros - listen to this line up: Two Eggs over Crisp Corn Tortillas, Black Beans, Avocado, and Pepper Jack Cheese with Chipotle Sour Cream. $8.50. They also make a Corned Beef Hash. If they make this dish like the other dishes I've had here, they may just as well call it Corned Beef Hashish.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,9/17/2014,160,294,3,6,4>This is exactly what Provo needs. 180 shoots for unique fusion flavors, and succeeds for the most part. First, it's totally affordable to eat here for lunch. For $6 plus tax, you can fill up on three little tacos packed with unique tastes, and for a little more you can get any taco combo made into a salad. The fresh flavor combinations are derived from Mexico, Asia, Carribean and American, with a few different (and tasty!) choices in each category. I've tried them all now, and they're all good. My strong favorite here, however, is the Chile Orange Shrimp. I get it every time. Respectable seconds are the Thai Fried Chicken and the Mojo Roasted Pork. My least favorite would be the Salted Cod, but lots of others love it.I keep telling myself that 'next time I'll get a salad' but, then, I can never resist the tacos.I really like the corn tortillas, and the taco creations are teetering on the border of delicious. There is a level of flavor missing for me, however. It's 90% there; just doesn't quite reach the gusto I always hope for with fusion flavors like this.They have 'value-packs' of to-go tacos, which sounds better and better to me for a weeknight dinner. This is a good menu that I hope to see expand or change as time goes on. Service is quick and efficient, and your food is ready for you by the time you get to the end of the counter and pay. A couple of semi-important tips:- The soda fountain drinks here are seriously pricey; and coincidentally their prices are not listed on the menu. Tacos - cheap: sodas - not so much. I skip it.- Small parking lot, and even smaller dining area. Weekday lunchtimes here are a free-for-all. Get the food to go, or wait in a very cramped area for a table.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,9/16/2014,33,23,,9,9>I really like the pizzas here. They did the pizzas at a little place up in Daybreak that we loved & we would go just for the pizza. I enjoy the Vegetario one the best - feta cheese on pizza is my fave!!! They are big enough and filling for one person. And their dessert pizzas are yummy too. I would definitely recommend Zilio's. And if you become part of their text club, you get sent deals all the time for $4 or $4.50 pizza deals and you really can't beat that!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,9/15/2014,30,61,3,6,3>I absolutely love this place. I come here to study for all my tests and honestly I couldn't get through grad school without this place. Its open late, it has free wifi (tip: just go look at the router on the window for the password), it has outlets to charge all my equipment, the staff is nice, and the people that frequent are nice as well. It has an awesome view but the outside does consists f smokers (what do you expect at a coffee shop). Coffee is awesome as well, I always get the bob dylan either coffee or iced. This business also supports the local community by hosting events there. Keep up the good work guys.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,9/14/2014,23,170,4,4,3>We had them recently at my place of work for an event we were having.  The waffles are great!  I had the biscoff, blueberries and whip!  Amazeballs!  Very friendly staff!  Hit them up!  Biscoff is liquid cookie stuff.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,9/13/2014,20,77,,3,4>I can't believe I've never reviewed this place! This place rocks! They have one of the best veggie burgers around, they are so friendly and always remember my order when I walk in! It's not the classiest lunch spot but they serve delicious food relatively quickly so what more can you ask for?
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,9/12/2014,702,72,4,5,5>I've been here a few times and they never disappoint. Friendly staff, fresh food and great location. My favorite is the stuffed French Toast. Only served during brunch hours Saturday and Sunday.Bonus: After you're done eating, a great way to walk off your meal is to do some shopping at the City Creek Shopping Center. YES, please...
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,9/11/2014,36,198,4,4,5>this place is seriously amazing!  a restaurant where i could order anything off the menu and it'd all be gluten free?  yes please!this place doesn't look like a restaurant and the outside definitely looks industrial.  when i walked in i was really confused as we were in an area that had an ATM machine.  i don't think i've ever seen an ATM in a restaurant so it threw me off.  once we got through the second set of doors then it started to feel more like a restaurant. i didn't realize this is a bar so i was a bit surprised when they asked for our IDs to scan.  i'll never get use to the weird utah laws.the decor inside was very nice!  modern, simple, and clean.  service was excellent by all staff!  now on to the food.  i first ordered a straw-bubbly drink and it was so refreshing!  you could tell the lemonade was homemade and freshly squeezed.  i was hesitant about the lavender lemonade, but it worked so well!  seriously so good - try it!  as for food we ordered the stuffed avocado and the portobello dinner.  our server recommended eating the stuffed avocado like a lettuce wrap and it was very flavorful.  so simple, but so good!  the portobello dinner was a bit too charred for my taste, but my bf loved it.  i enjoyed the roasted carrots, lemony spinach, and lemon risotto that came with the portobello dinner.i can see why some reviews mentioned how small the portions are, but for us it was perfect!   i left satisfied, but not overly full.  i think we get use to huge portions at other chain restaurants and expect that everywhere. i will be back to try the other items on their menu and drinks!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,9/10/2014,50,142,3,6,3>Love this place except can we talk about the music? This place is too unique to have such clubby music! Such a wonder visual vibe and atmosphere and I'm left sitting here enjoying my delicious Sazarac listening to, "dom.. dom...dom.." Have some music personality Whiskey Street!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,9/9/2014,67,67,,3,3>I will admit that I am a little biased on this place. It is on my route at the top of Capitol Hill. There is a decent amount of parking on the street and in the church lot (Not on Sunday). It is a short walk to the top. Well what I consider short anyway, 30 minutes or so. There are several spots to stop along the way and take pictures and rest if you are older or out of shape. When you get to the top there are awesome views of the SLC valley. You can see, on a clear day, from Magna to Herriman to Point of the Mountain to Cottonwood Canyon to The U of U. On the north end you can see from the airport clear past Bountiful.It is more crowded on the weekend and pretty empty during the week. Go early in the summer to avoid the heat. Great place at sunset. Occasionally there will be a scout troop here.The whole neighborhood has great views although some of the people get a little angry at tourists dumping trash on the curb. Clean up after yourself and it's fine. I love delivering up here. If you see me stop and say hello.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,9/8/2014,52,346,,4,5>So I wasn't sure about these guys relocating to another spot in Sugarhouse? Because I loved the feel of the basement bar of the old spot. But after stopping by again and trying it out. I was very happy they kept the same feel to the place. Same prices and as an added bonus a better patio in my opinion. As always the staff is friendly and fast at getting your drinks to you.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/1/2013,134,150,6,8,8>So holy black beans, I have not reviewed my most favorite restaurant in SLC yet!   While I have always received welcoming and helpful service, I honestly would come here if the wait staff punched me in the face, because their food is soooo delicious and authentic.  I will not be satisfied until I order everything off the menu and the wall flyers.  Wicked Delicious:Pork with Bamboo Shoots-- slivered pork, not spicy, full of earthy flavor with fresh whole bamboo shootsTwice cooked pork--comes with little buns you tuck the pork into Dry Stir Fried Lamb--pan fried chewyish lamb strips and chilis, yummmMa-Po--fiery red gravy full of flavor Braised Pork with tied tofu sheets--the tofu sheets are soo addicting.  not spicyMustard greens tofu and soybean--vegetal, healthy, garlicky and butteryDry Tofu with Jalapeno--wide firm tofu "noodle" in a light sauce w/peppers--addicting textureSeafood Soft Noodle--Wow.  really good and comfortingPork Meat Balls in Brown Sauce--star-anisey,strong flavors, salty. Like Lions-head?Delicious:Pork over preserved vegetable--pork belly in a light yummy sauce.  but it's belly/fattyTaro Pumpkin and Lily flower--Butternut/taro/flower blossoms sliced thin and sauteed in light sauceChef Gao special Tofu--crunchy chicken fried tofu slices in a spicy dip sauceSpicy Boiled Beef--maybe I was drunk when I ate this, bc I can't remember (but the pictures on yelp look great!)Cumin Flavored Lamb--a little minute steakish in texture, and a tad too much salty seasoning, but at most Sichuan places, this is my go to dishMeh:Dumpling with chive--had a fishy off flavor but they are homemadeBeef Chow Fun--the flavor was spicy, and that is it!Black Bean Shrimp--same spicy flavor as above, and that is all, no black beaness! (These 3 meh dishes were all from our last visit--did Chef Gao have an off night?)Hot Pot is very popular.  Come here to check out the Chengdu Hoi Polloi and other beautiful Asian people. I order to-go often, and Sweet Ginger always gets the order right.  Be patient and and use the menu numbers when you call.  I am always thinking about this tres special restaurant smack dab here in Salt Lake City!  Lucky us!Not to be missed.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2013,11/30/2013,100,87,4,4,4>The place is right off of State Street and looks a bit sketchy from the outside. "Mamma says don't judge a book by it's cover", or so I have heard! They had a lovely big wood dining table that we sat at to enjoy our wraps. They had big TV's on the wall playing an assortment of classic Bollywood music videos - this is much to be entertained with. I couldn't stop dancing and bobbing my head to the dun dun dun's beat. After reading the reviews from my friends on Yelp, I knew I was NOT getting the Curry Chicken. My friend I went with had gone a couple of times prior, so I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap based off of her experience. They marinate the chicken in the spices, but also add a layer of spicy sauce (he didn't really tell me what it was) onto the pita bread. I ordered it with extra ranch - this is not a typical ranch, but their version of ranch, and a cucumber salad all wrapped up in some very average pita bread. I asked them to skip the spicy sauce, and I am very thankful I did. I was already drowning myself in water because I am a noob when it comes to spice. Also, they add a spicy seasoning to their fries, but you can order it without if you are a baby like me. The wrap was really large, but not $7 worth - that is just a lot for a pita wrap in my opinion. It was however, very tasty and very filling. I would definitely eat it again.Only giving it three stars because based off of my experience I only tried one thing on the menu, if I come here again, I will bump it up another star. Everyone I went with was feeling the side effects of the chicken shawarma the next day.. too much information there? Tee Hee.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,11/29/2013,186,563,1,9,4>This is a cute little natural foods store, which unfortunately happens to be steps away from another major natural foods grocery chain. I honestly didn't see much inside I couldn't get around the corner for cheaper- and that is really saying something since people tend to call the other place "Whole Paycheck."I love the idea of them carrying raw milk. I don't drink milk personally, but if I did, I'd probably want it raw. This is going to be the draw for this place for sure. They did have some interesting items like professional grade food dehydrators, a vast array of sprouting jars and Lifefactory glass baby bottles and water bottles for big people, too. Small cafe is attached but I didn't try anything there. Parking is limited but they weren't busy on Sunday when I visited. Bonus points for being open on Sunday!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,11/28/2013,42,127,2,4,2>Wow, just noticed I hadn't written a review for this place. This is some of the best sushi I've ever had, and certainly the best in the city (though I really like Naked Fish as well). Their rolls are just so creative, I'm always blown away by the place. The ceviche roll comes to mind as one that just has incredible flavor (and does actually, for the record, taste like ceviche). Good sake selection as well (i.e. they have a cheap bottle of nigori). The only downside? This restaurant is probably the most popular in the city, and you definitely feel it if you dare to venture here on a Friday or Saturday. The ambience leans towards the rowdy side - great place to go if you're starting a night out. Try Naked Fish if you want something more intimate.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,11/27/2013,249,176,1,5,4>This is the restaurant where I first fell in love... With Indian Food, that is.I'd tried Indian Food on several occasions before I first dined at India Palace. But it wasn't until I ate there that I realized how good Indian can truly be!India palace is one of my favorite places to eat in Utah County. My most recent visit was typical of all my experiences there. Fast service, and high quality food. We ordered: chicken tikka masala, lamb coconut korma, & mango chicken. All three dishes were superb. I'm a big fan of the way they do their rice. It's a bit stickier than other Indian places, and I like that. Their naan is OK.I pick India Palace over Bombay House, simply because the food seems to make it out if the kitchen a lot faster.I'd say prices are comparable.Taste of India is the most affordable, and I like their food the best. But they're in Davis County.When I'm in Provo, I'm going to be eating at India Palace.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,11/26/2013,100,149,3,4,4>Way back in the mists of time after Indochine opened (5-6 years ago?) I can't profess to really being a huge fan.  Ok, but no great shakes was my recollection.  I guess I was looking for something more authentic and edgier.  I'd put it at a three star back then.They say time mellows opinions though, and just recently I've started to eat here an awful lot - primarily through the cajoling of my wife, who's long been a fan of their Bun - Vietnamese noodle salad - paired with a boba drink.First and foremost, yes, its pretty westernized. You're not gonna find a Banh Mi with ingredients quite like those at somewhere such as Oh Mai. And yes, the prices are commensurately higher. The restaurant has a beer/wine/cocktail list, table service and quirky cool digs in what I am guessing isn't a too cheap a place to rent.  Mind you, for a sit down, comfortable restaurant, the prices are fair.Service has always been fabulous since my recent 're-discovery'.  Heck, one night while a friend ordered the  Nuong Vi - a dish you make yourself with a table top butane cooker -  our waitress kindly demonstrated how to cook the perfect piece of angus steak, and craft an excellent salad roll from the results. His copying was far from perfect, but the care and attention from our waitress didn't go unnoticed.  Time and again the staff all seem patient and genuinely interested in their customers experience.My favorite dishes now oscillate between Bò Xào Så Ot (tender flank steak cooked with garlic, onion, red chilli, lemongrass and curry powder) and Com Chien Toi Ga va Que (chicken fried rice with garlic, basil and chilli).  Either dressed up with chilli oil or red pepper flakes from the carousel of flavorings on offer, makes for a tasty treat.  Washed down with Squatters pale ale on draft and boom, I'm a happy chap.  Well, maybe two pints ;)
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,11/25/2013,155,241,3,9,4>The statement "you get what you pay for" should be engraved on Omar's front door. You'll come in wealthy, but leave broke and healthy.I don't feel like it needs to be said, but Jesus this place is pricy. It's understandable due to the fresh ingredients, but my wallet is still crying.A few selections from their menu is on a big chalkboard, and they all sound so good. I had the hardest time deciding, but my waitress Jenelle was super patient with my mother and I. I finally decided on the burrito, and my mother got the miso soup. Our food was out in no time, which was a blessing because of how cold it was in there. Bring a coat you guys.My "tortilla" was actually big leafy collard greens, and the "beans" were made out of sunflower sprouts. How cool is that? On top of this delicious vegan dish was sour cream made out of macadamia nuts. I normally hate sour cream (and macadamia nuts) but this was absolute perfection. The dish was a kind of DIY thing. You got to control how much filling you placed inside of your "tortilla", and they provided three just in case were a bit conservative with the filling.There was absolutely nothing traditional about this burrito, but it is in my top 3 "best burrito I've ever had" list. Burritos are my one true love (I'm thinking about getting "BURRITOS" tattooed on my knuckles) so that means a lot coming from me!My mom loved her miso soup, and she let me have a bite or two. The broth was perfection, and it was loaded with veggies so you didn't leave feeling empty.I also had some sort of ginger goji berry drink (see photo) that had sea salt and cayenne pepper in it. I wish I remembered the name, because it was absolutely fabulous. It's a kick in the pants with every sip, and you'll pay for it! That little glass in the photo costs $3.50. Add that to a $15.00 burrito and an $8.00 cup of miso, and you now have to sell your body to be able to afford this months rent.To be honest, the only thing I can complain about are the prices. The food was great, the service was incredible, and I left full.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,11/24/2013,102,47,9,10,5>Here's the best piece of advice I have for anyone headed to Pallet for the first time: skip lunch.You will want to eat, and you will want to eat everything.First off, truffle fries. I don't care who you are, but if you don't at least get one serving of these for your table, I also don't *need* to know who you are. Piping hot, dusted with fresh parmesan, and served with a delicious aioli, you just cannot go wrong.Next up, gnocchi. They usually have a starter of gnocchi on the menu, the first time I believe I had ricotta dumplings, the last time, spicy pillows with chard, lemon, thyme and onion. This is another great plate to share, and I am sure whatever incarnation you encounter will not disappoint you.Moving on, Gloria's Meatballs. This is an old family recipe handed down to the chef that he has tried to perfect. When the bowl comes out and you get a waft of the aroma you will drool immediately. Dive in and you'll be licking the bowl when you're done.The main event? Scallops or ravioli. These two items are a staple on Pallet's menu and they do them very very well. They may not be the same every time, with varied grains and stone fruit accompanying the scallops, and various meats and flavours making up the ravioli, but order either and your stomach will definitely be thank you later.Rounding out the food, shortbread and the chocolate budino. The shortbread is created with chocolate and salted caramel, and paired with seasonal fruits and a scoop of ice-cream. If the budino (Valrhona Alpaco, espresso cream, and grey salt) is on the menu, and there is anyone dining with you that likes dark chocolate, order it. I took a bite and had to explain my facial expression to my dinner guests. It went a little like, "It's like the cream and salt smacks you in the face, and then the chocolate comes along and says, "I'm sorry baby.""Now you've read all of that, and we haven't even talked drinks.Pallet has an exceptional drink menu, and an equally exceptional mixologist in Matt Pfohl. If Matt is there, give him an idea of the tastes you like, and watch him make something amazing. Currently there is a "Farm to Glass" cocktail on offer called the Garden Smash, made up of Gin, Clifford Farms honey syrup, Meyer lemon juice, thai basil, Angostura bitters, and finished up ginger soda, and jalapeño and shishito pepper.I shishito you not, it is damn tasty.Along with this special there is an array of cocktails ranging in price from $9-$11, and a great selection of wines including a particularly lovely Carignane from Trinafour Cellars.Lastly, if all of the above doesn't make you want to head to Pallet, the decor and ambiance are phenomenal with beautiful wood, metalwork, and Edison-style carbon filament incandescent bulbs to light your dinner path.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,11/23/2013,25,100,,7,2>The dealership tells me I have almost $1000 in needed repair services. The anxiety of a large bill sets in because the monthly budget is tight. I turn to Yelp and other online reviews to see if i can find another local option. I find All Repair Auto Care.Ernie runs a clean, friendly shop and seems to have a heart for empathizing with my anxiety. I sit down in the modest but comfortable waiting room to read while waiting to hear the news. Hooray! Half of the "essential" repairs were dealership upsells. They invite me to look under the car to see myself why they don't think some of those dealer "essentials" are necessary. As I wait for the repairs I see that Ernie seems to treat all customers as warmly as me. A few hours later I have hundreds more dollars left in my wallet than expected and have met a business worth cheering about. It's rare that such a business is a car repair shop.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,11/22/2013,434,167,8,8,9>Love love LOVE! Everything about this delightfully hip, yet relaxing and beautiful little boutique screams "mommy time", or just "me time", which let's face it, every woman needs from time to time.I purchased a full "Kidman" set (the more "natural" look), with a fill for $75 via Groupon recently, as I have been wanting to give lash extensions a whirl for some time now. What an amazing deal! After I purchased my Groupon, I called to make an appointment, expecting at least a few days wait, but when I explained to the owner, Camille, that I would like to get in as soon as possible, she asked if I would be able to come in that very day (Friday)! But since I was busy playing my alter-ego, SUPERMOM that day, we settled for later the next morning. Now, this is a rather time-consuming process, considering the highly skilled technicians put each lash on, one by one. But to be quite honest, the time flew by, because the staff makes sure that you are sooo comfortable, with recliners that your body just MELTS into, plush, cozy blankies, snacks, and refreshing flavored water. Whatever you need to be comfortable, they will oblige, with a smile. =)As I slid in and out of a semi-conscious state, I chatted and joked with the technicians (there are 3), and fellow clients, while Emily worked on beautifully sculpting the perfect cat-eye. Since I had decided to take Camille up on her offer to upgrade my deal to the "Kardashian" set, which covers approximately 90% of the lashes, for a more VAVAVOOOOM look, (hey, go big, or go home.. am I right, ladies??), Emily ended up running out of time.. so I was asked if I wouldn't mind coming back in later on in the afternoon, at 4:30. Come back to take a break from my Mommy duties, to relax and nap while being pampered? Sigh... if I MUST. ;)Upon my return, I was put with Marisa, the salon's "master technician". And a master she is! By the time she was through, I felt like a bona fide glam goddess! She also thoroughly explained how to take care of my new peeper-fringe, and how to make them last as long as possible between fills. Afterwards, Camille had me pose for some "after" photos, pumping my ego up even more.. hehehe. =)Due to the fact that I had to come back to have my lashes finished up, Camille did not charge the $28 upgrade fee, which I thought was absolutely gracious and wonderful! They sent me off with a little goodie bag, including my color choice of a super fun shimmery eyeshadow. I also purchased the eyelash coating, that keeps them looking beautiful and shiny for around $14. Just a swipe or 2 of that after a couple swipes of the lash wand they also sent me home with, and I am set, ready to go in the mornings.Bye bye mascara... it's been fun... but I'm afraid you have been replaced... Thank you to the AMAZING staff of Entice Lashes for putting a little pep in this girl's step! I can't wait to come back!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,12/6/2011,46,405,6,3,2>This place made me wish I myself was gay a little bit. Friendly people, huka, and lots of guys in short shorts. No problems, controversy free environment and in a cool location. Cheap prices and the inside is a club, and if it's warm enough outside go out there and chill and it's more of a lounge feel. All the well groomed men made me feel unattractive.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,12/5/2011,51,331,3,11,8>Seriously, Copper Onion?!?! I'd love for you to stop being so amazingly consistent, deliciously innovative, and bursting at the seams with solid customer service so that I can finally try other restaurants in Salt Lake. But as long as you keep pumping out the delicious meals, we're going to keep coming back to you and leaving with smiles on our faces. My "must try" list of SLC restaurants continues to grow as they get postponed for visits to The Copper Onion.We sat at the chef's counter, which to me is always a special treat. Started the meal with the house-cured pickles, which were perfection. Ordered a side of the cauliflower, which was also amazing. The green beans with sofrito were perfectly cooked and surprisingly rich. Chef Lowder made an extra plate of ricotta dumplings, and gave them to us since we were sitting at the counter. Like always, they had a nice, decadent flavor packed into a deliciously dense dumpling (see what I did there?)The burgers were really, really good. A bit on the salty side, but other than that minor issue they were fabulous. Arugula salad had a very nice bite to it and the steak fries were just steak fries: still not my favorite.We ended the meal with a lemon tart, which could have done with a bit more lemon.As a side note, Chef Lowder says that they will be building a new small plates/wine bar down the block a bit, and he plans on building a full butcher shop and bakery so they can begin doing full butcher work and bake all of their items in-house. Can't wait.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,12/3/2011,22,64,13,10,12>Pie Hole on State Street Legs on top of ladies room 1 buck P B R White plates for menus Open late, high ceiling, cheese Dough velocity Good woodwork on stairs Nice spacing, sturdy nails, stained Where does it lead to? Lots of diff pizza Yes I just said diff, back off My fave has bacon Staff is neat, yes neat. Graffiti is on the walls Refrigerator Thin crust is nummy Cant tell its been reheated Quiet reheat wuss Need another game Agree with, Frogger, Pinball I like to wear pants. Come check it out please My friend George eats lots here lots He can be your friend Boom. Roasted. Pie Hole. Yelp review in all Haiku Unless I messed up.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,12/2/2011,172,109,3,4,3>Another reviewer said, "Just go."  That pretty much sums up the Cotton Bottom.   Went with friends after a long day of bike riding.  We were tired, hungry and tired.  I felt out of place since I left the hog at home and my ropin' boots.  I actually own a pair of boot that would pass for ridin' boots, but the only hog I have is the ham in the fridge.   Read on here that the garlic was powdered.  I couldn't confirm this but I think it's actually garlic paste.  The burgers are tasty.  Not far off from the dripping with deliciousness as another joint I reviewed but close.  Here, at least the dripping was full of flavor.  I didn't think the bag of potato chips were such a hot idea at first, but could you imagine wolfing down a Cotton Bottom garlic burger AND fries?  The hog would fall over and die when you sit down after that meal.  Not to mention you'd be bound up for a week.  It's bad enough 3 hours later I can still taste the garlic.  Overall, Cotton is one of those places you have to go to put on the list of life experiences, 'specially if'n youda not be tha trav'lin' type and youda gone as far as Logan and back fur the intire of yur life.    But hey, good burgers, lots of money pumped in the the bikes sitting out back, some chips and beer and you have a great place to hang for an evening of good food and good conversation.  If only the hogs had actual mufflers so you didn't choke on your burger when their riders were ready to git back on the road!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,12/1/2011,49,92,3,6,6>I grew up in Salt Lake City all of my life, so I'm not sure what standards people from out-of-state have regarding Boba. There's really only 2 places in the valley that specialize in bubble tea; Gossip and Lollicup. I'm not a fan of Gossip's boba, even though they use fresh fruits. Their drinks are always watery, even though I specifically request thickness. There's a lot of variety in their drink menu, but all of the drinks I've ordered has lacked in flavor. Luckily, Gossip's restaurant makes delicious food.On the other hand, Lollicup has already satisfied my cravings for flavorful boba. Although they use powder to mix their drinks, it's just so delicious! Who cares?! They also have a stamp card for frequent customers like me. The only downside is that once you fill up your stamp card, you only receive a $2.90 discount on your next purchase, rather than a free drink.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/30/2011,85,34,8,12,13>Very solid Chinese food. I'm not a vegetarian but I came here with a vegan friend on his recommend and I was pretty blown away. I had driven by this place many times, I never really had the desire to try out the restaurant as the outside is pretty dilapidated. The inside is about as impressive as the exterior. It's clean and orderly, which is a good thing, but the furniture is quite mundane. Like the kind of stuff you would buy on the cheap when a restaurant supply company goes out of business or second hand furniture you would find on ksl classifieds. The wall art work was tacky, yet oddly pleasing, Chinese watercolor print replicas. There were also the standard-issue, kitschy, hanging lanterns. And of course, the happy Chinese music playing in the background and the obligatory fish tank with unnaturally large fish. However, the table clothes were Marylin Monroe print  which I found extremely out of place and humorous. The food is where this place really shines. I ordered the spicy "chicken" and vegetables and my buddy got the spicy "beef." Of course their chicken and beef is not real meat at all but a soy-based tofu which tasted very little like their real counterparts, but they were EXTREMELY flavorful in their own right. The amount of food you get for as little as you pay is amazing. For 5 bucks you get any of the lunch specials which includes: soup, a crispy spring roll, a large serving of brown rice (bonus points for using brown) and the main entree. They also have fried complimentary wonton appetizers which you dip in a sweet and spicy mustard sauce.Our waitress was on the ball. She was friendly, attentive - but not overly so, kept our drinks filled, and spoke excellent English. The soda tasted great as well. Very bubbly and flavorful... nothing watered down (which is a pet peeve of mine, I believe watered down or flat soda is a sign of ineptitude or cheapness) This place is certainly a treasure. I will be back here, perhaps even weekly. I am very grateful I was introduced to the Long Life Veggie House. For a place that is typically empty all of the time and which serves such extremely fresh, delicious food at such a ridiculously low price, it is a wonder they have managed to stay open all of these years. My friend has a theory (of course he was joking... or was he?) that this restaurant could be a money laundering front. Whether it is or isn't, the food here is top notch.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,11/29/2011,42,124,3,7,3>The State Room is the best indoor music venue in Salt Lake, hands down. Pros: Killer sound system. Unique theater-style seating (this used to be a children's theater), which means there's not a bad seat in the house. Full bar. Great ticket prices. Talented, kickass performers and musical acts. Awesome location across the street from The Bayou. Capacity of 300 people, which creates an intimate setting to enjoy the music.Cons: I don't make it to enough shows, damn it.The State Room is quite simply all about the music. If you haven't been to a show here yet, I'm judging you.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,11/28/2011,29,127,2,3,3>Porcupine Grill reminded me of Lake Tahoe.  It has an outdoorsy feel and it's really clean and vibrant.  I asked the waiter, he said the place is packed every day of the week during ski season.  If you don't want to wait as long to be seated, go in the offseason.  Food was above average for sure, I'd probably give it 3 1/2 stars, ambiance 4 1/2stars.  I got the burger, I feel like that's a good way to measure a place's quality.  If you can't make a good burger, what can you make? Anyways, they succeeded.  Bottom line, this place is worth the time.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,11/27/2011,46,98,,7,6>We found this tucked away cafe completely by accident after finding out the place we were going to eat at was closed.  In the back corner of an old strip mall, this cafe is unassuming but impressed me enough to ensure that I will be returning.The breakfast menu is so full of delicious sounding choices that I had a hard time deciding, but finally settled on the Lazy Deluxe.  Let me give you the run down on this concoction: fried chicken on a biscuit with bacon and cheddar cheese, smothered in gravy and then topped with a fried egg.  Yes it sounds like a heart attack on a plate but it is amazing.  The fried chicken is done perfectly, there are few places that are doing fried chicken this well in Utah.  The bacon is great, I disagree with Hang.  Mine was thick cut and crisp.Do yourself a favor and make your way to the Lazy Day as soon as you get the chance.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/22/2011,11/26/2011,134,150,1,3,3>Remember this place at christmas to buy presents, they have tons of interesting dishes and other pretty things including killer lacquer boxes.When you first walk in you see the roast duck and char siu hanging up for sale and salivation.  YUM!!!  Ocean has an awesome selection of Chinese sausages to choose from, both with and without MSG and made from chicken, beef, or pork.  Bummer they do so little seafood/fish here considering it is such a large part of the Asian diet.  Nobody could find the lotus leaves I use to wrap my  "8 treasure"  dim sum creation.  (Global has them)   I enjoy this place,  but I like the Southeast Supermarket on 9th and the Global Supermarket on State equally as much or even more.....I'll just have to keep looking for the end all-be all ethnic grocery joint  to get my kitchen stocked just right.My bias is that I used to shop at the Super H Mart, the Blomingdales of  Asian grocery Stores.  After shopping there, you get spoiled.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,2/5/2012,105,420,,22,10>I don't hand out many 5 star reviews. The place has to be World class to get it. Caffe D'Bolla is World class. You can agree, or disagree, with any policy they have about purchasing a drink, but you can't take away their passion and skill.I spent years traveling and working in every nearly major city around the country. I make a special effort to search out great coffee. I'd always check out coffeegeek dot com and ask around. I've been to some places that do as well. I've been to some I'd rather hang out at, but I've never been to one that made better coffee drinks.That said, the best thing about Caffee D'Bolla are the beans John Roasts. I live in Orem, and have been making a biweekly trip here for many years to get my fresh beans. Previous to that I would order from Stumptown. I'd much rather support a local business. That also gives me an excuse to pick things up at Caputos and Aquarius at the same time.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,2/3/2012,30,35,4,16,7>My wife and I just had our first Awful Waffles. It is a nice little outdoor spot right near BYU campus that has delicious fresh made waffles and crepes. With a variety of options from fruit to additional toppings and add on as well as several sauces I have never had before this place is amazing. The smell alone may cause you to become addicted.I had a blackberry crepe done American style (adding cinnamon, butter and sugar if I recall) and covered in their caramel cream sauce and it was amazing. We also had strawberries and a sauce they had called Speculoos (sp?) which I had never heard of. They advertised it as tasting like Teddy Grahams but it is SSSOOO much better. I told my wife it was like a sweet liquid graham cracker crust.We will CERTAINLY be visiting again VERY soon. My understanding is they are even toying with the addition of a savory menu. Follow them on Facebook to see what develops!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,2/2/2012,247,226,3,6,5>Last night i bundled up threw on an extra pair of socks and headed out to The Basements valentines show. The basement is a rad space in downtown Ogden hosting everything from metal shows to acoustic indie shows. The interior reminds me of any typical basement, concrete and dust and a ton of teenagers. Being in the basement makes me feel like i back on the summer of 2003 all over again. I was young and free and traveling around with a bunch of punk rock runaways going to shows and just being young. AHHH those were the days and the basement captures that perfectly.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,2/1/2012,1481,94,14,15,12>Easy parking for a city neighborhood, with both curbside parking and an off-street parking lot that faces the entrance.The signage in front enjoyed the gravitas of being partially hidden by foliage.  Directly above the entrance doors was a black canvas awning stamped with the words "Tire Town."  Based on previous yelp reviews I wondered if this was in reference to their calamari. Actually it is a vestige of the previous occupant: the restaurant is located in the historic Firestone building.  We walked into a large foyer with a friendly hostess that took our coats and guided us to our seats.  The hostess booth was covered in half open books of fabric swatches.  I am guessing that either a renovation or an interior decorating exam is in the near future.  On a monday night it was busy yet not crowded.  Everybody was in a festive mood. As we were led to our seat, we walked by the open kitchen that greeted us with pungent mouth-watering scents of traditional italian cooking that included a blast of aerosolized vitamin G.  Our table setting was clean and classic; white linen centerpieced with daisies in a bright yellow glazed Creusetesque rectangular clay vase.  The waiter was charming, quietly efficient, and not overbearing.  He exercised spot-on timing for plate switching and offering suggestions throughout the evening's courses.  Typical wine menu with some nice italians as to be expected.  A reasonably priced italian Pinot Noir recommended by the waiter was a decent match with dinner.    Complimentary BruschettaSalty, freshly diced tomato, freshly-cut italian herbs, large garlic chunks, and a touch of olive oil gooped on crusty bread. Fresh and simple. Everyone had to have one to ensure frequency maintenance on the garlic-breath spectrum.   Ravioli MacchiataWas a delightful, melt-in-your mouth ravioli with fresh pasta wrapping. The tomato based cheesy cream sauce was more buttery cream than cheese with wonderful sage undertones.  Gnocchi ArrabiataEnormous plate of fresh potato dumplings, each one about the size of a cafeteria tater tot, in the exact same sauce as the ravioli. They were light and airy but yet more satisfying than a snickers bar. A serving size fit for Jabba the Hutt.Il MareThis was the classic Zuppa Mare minus the soup.  Super fresh halibut, shrimp, clams on a bed of slightly overcooked buttery spinach, topped by a perfectly prepared soft-shell crab, surrounded by a moat of supposedly "white wine lemon sauce" that was the exact same sauce as the ravioli and the gnocchi.  I checked the menu and the various sauces were described differently but they could not fool my mouth-- all three sauces each of the three main dishes were identical.  Fortunately, the one sauce to rule them all was divine.  Unfortunately, it took away the pleasure of diversity otherwise found in sampling each dish.  The clams were tiny and appeared to have been autoclaved.     DessertsWhen dessert was suggested I thought about asking to see a menu after the waiter recited options from memory.  I should have acted on my suspicions. I had read the yelp reviews: this place was notorious for hiding menus and prices from customers.  As usual, yelp was right.  The deserts were good but we got totally fleeced.  I guess all the freebies made up for it?Chocolate CakeThick creamy milk-chocolate frosting concealed a boring plain cake cake. Not too shabby.  A group of the staff gathered with pomp and circumstance as the cake was presented to the birthday girl.  They sang a pitch perfect rendition, but not in italian. Lemon Sorbet GelatoWhile ordering the waiter leaned over and almost whispered in my ear: "would you like to add a shot of Argiola lemon poured into the center."  I felt like Emeril. Bam! Just took it up a notch. Complimentary Hot ChocolateThis was the stuff that Augusta Gloomp was after when he fell in. Yummy!! There was a bit of overkill in the dessert department because we also ordered snifters of irish cream based on the recommendation of the waiter and we were unaware of the hot cocoa until after the desserts had arrived,  Complimentary Biscotti Straight from the shelve at Costco with the addition of powdered sugar sprinkled on top.  We were lavished with individual attention: from the complimentary bruschetta, hot cocoa, and biscotti to the venerable owner, Valter Nassi, making an appearance and showering compliments on all the ladies at the table. We thought we were special.   That is until we saw the people at the tables adjacent to us receive the same affection.   Cucina Toscana you slut.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,1/31/2012,20,176,,7,5>Enjoyed my first dinner at Plum Alley with my husband tonight. We sat at the bar and had excellent service and authentic Asian street food. The pork belly satay was excellent. I wish all Thai restaurants provided that dish. Their specials tonight included a dirty chicken rice, which I expected to be similar to a Cajun dirty rice. Instead, it was far better, served with various pickled vegetables (daikon root, eggplant, carrots). We also ordered a bowl of beef-based ramen which included a perfectly poached egg. Their green curry beef dish was a little spicy for me and less saucy than the Thai curries I was used to. I thought it was whimsical that they served it with a whole beef bone marrow. The curry was meaty, unique and included a side of special short-grained rice. Their beer and wine selection seemed thoughtfully chosen. My husband enjoyed the Deschutes Porter (microbrew from Oregon). Everything on the menu was well-priced. Great start for a new restaurant. I hope they keep up the momentum, enthusiasm and look forward to returning.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,1/30/2012,155,241,3,3,4>Iris is the best. Don't even try to tell me otherwise! After making a complete fool of myself at Koi, I went on the hunt for a new place to get pierced. I had heard good things about Jesse at Iris, so I decided to check him out. I got my ears gauged at Koi by Patrick, and he was a complete douche! It probably didn't help that I was crying, but he still could have been nice. Jesse was the complete opposite of Patrick. Jesse was patient, and you could tell that he really knew what he was doing. He cleaned my septum twice before even considering putting a needle near it. He explained the process to me, and showed me his cool septum ring. When the time came, I was so nervous that he had me lay back. He put the needle in, and then the ring. It turned out perfectly, and I have no regrets. I won't go anywhere but Iris from now on. I am 100% thrilled with my septum ring, and have had it for 3 years now.I heard Jesse moved to Denver. I will miss him dearly, but I'm sure the other piercers are just as professional.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,1/29/2012,72,51,10,4,2>First please note: I really like the "idea" of a pub/theater but in actual practice - it is definitely NOT for people who enjoy watching films. Why? Drunken hoonannery. That being said - definitely come here and get your snark on. Go ahead - lob that quippy critique at the screen. Tell the main character he's a douche - listen with swelling self satisfaction as your fellow boozed up smart asses laugh in agreement. This is the perfect place for that kind of activity and I can definitely appreciate that. However if you are excited to see a cool new film you just might be better off going to an actual theater (sans alcohol - but hey some serve pasta and cheesecake!). Just a word to the film-going wise since 3 out of 5 times I see a movie here the experience is peppered with audience commentary - not the best place to actually ENJOY a movie. BUT, if you're not a film snob this is definitely a great and entertaining pub that just happens to have 2 movie screens in it, bonus! Personally I have always enjoyed the ambiance of this pub - it's actually kind of slick (as opposed to divey) but that doesn't detract from the casual and genuinely cool vibe. Staff is matter-of-fact friendly and very pro. Plus they're great to banter with. Yes I love me some banter. Getting around the pool table gauntlet is a bit of a challenge so tuck in your packages guys and dolls as you walk thru on a bustling evening.Food is good and greasy - tho the last time I had nacho's here they were a little lackluster - #justsayin. And boy it's convenient and fun to munch, gulp, watch, and comment inanely all in the dark of a theater. Yes indeedy. So yeah, good times here, good conversation, good food, entertaining. Just not for movie nerds. :D
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,1/28/2012,78,130,,4,2>I'm of fan of Dirty Johnson's Dog Wash,  I usually don't mind washing my dogs at home but who likes cleaning after the mess.  They managed to make the process super easy here.As soon as you walk in the owner and the other workers are super friendly and helpful.  They have several waist high tubs and all the shampoo products you need. Towels are ready there when you're done and even blow dryers. Prices are less than half what you pay for your dog to get groom. We paid about $9 for a small dog. Then it goes up to $11 for a medium and $13 for a large dog.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,1/27/2012,136,248,2,4,4>I wish i could do 4 1/4 stars here because it's not quite 5 nor is it 4. Anyway folks, if you haven't had a pupusa in your life GO HERE. if you have had pupusas before and you hate going to a place that's all masa tortilla mix then GO HERE! these guys make an amazingly delicious pupusa and they are only a $1.50 a piece, you can't beat that anywhere man. I also lived in DC where there are thousands of Salvadorenos and Ive eaten many pupusas and these at this restaurant are the best i've had in utah by far. Go with the revuelta because it's a great mix, make sure to throw plenty of cabbage mix on top with red salsa. You're suppose to be able to eat them like a taco but revueltas get really messy so go with a fork.A must try are the platanos fritos with crema and frijoles. It might sound weird or even gross but just trust me on this one, fried plantains with there sweet goodness with a little mexican sour cream that is really liquidy and some liquified beans, mmmmmmmmmmmmm delish i'm telling you they go together perfectly.So the reason i would do 4 1/4 stars is this, the place is super ghetto and you WILL walk out smelly like oil smoke down to the bone. I even went home and took a shower cause the smell was on ALL my clothes and I mean All the clothing on my body. I guess they haven't heard of ventilation over there but the place has visible smoke clouds inside. So if you HATE that smell order to go and wait outside or just eat outside if it's summer time but please don't pass this place up cause it's awesome.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,1/26/2012,8,66,6,5,2>Good sandwiches on great bread. Been there 4 times now, love it every time. Nice alternative to chain food. I hate onions and peppers, but went for the normal philly just to experience it. Onions sauteed so no gasoline onion taste, Peppers were green, yellow and red, all sauteed too with the meat. Great sandwich and I'm a convert (to phillys, not religion).  I don't know a real philly from these, but if these are the real deal I see why the east coast has gone nutz over these. A welcome addition to Bountiful. Only downer was this guy out front wiggling some sign to get attention for the place, I asked him how'z your day? He responded, "Whadda you think, my life sucks and I'm wiggling a sign for a living." I said, "hey, are you from Jersey?  He didn't respond so I guess not. I was hoping for some power put downs chatter. Nope. Oh well.Hey, go there. If the guy is out front, tell him he has something on his shoes then duck inside before he notices.   Get a great Philly.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,3/27/2014,69,191,6,11,6>A new restaurant just opened up in the neighborhood.  It's so new that there is barely a sign yet.  A friend found this place and said that it looked pretty authentic.  I have to admit that I'm not very familiar with how Taiwanese is set apart from different Chinese regional cuisine.  That's what my friend is for.  She's determined to school me now though.  Oh the burden of eating more yummy food.But I digress.  Upon sitting down, the waitress came over and started speaking Taiwanese to me, a good sign in my book even though I had no idea what she said.  I had the Beef Noodle which was delicious.  The broth was very good, and the beef was melting in my mouth.  I also had the Chive Cakes, again very good.My friend did confirm that this place was pretty authentic.  I will be coming back for my schooling in Taiwanese cuisine.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2014,3/26/2014,150,214,2,9,7>Gracie's is another one of my go-to spots in downtown SLC. Why, you my ask? Well, they've got it all. Live music, an awesome patio, and yummy food. I also can't forget about their delicious drinks and cool bartenders. This is one of Salt Lake's larger bars with 2 levels. They have an upstairs and downstairs patio and a bar on each floor. The bathrooms are always pretty tidy despite getting super packed in the evenings. On the weekend, they have a great brunch menu. I've tried the hangover, creme brulee french toast, and most recently their crab cake benedict - all were very good. I'm in love with their siracha ketchup and sweet potato fries as well. This isn't just your regular bar fare, this place is a gastropub and is definitely a step above other bars that serve food. My only complaint is that service is pretty slow during brunch. We were seated for 15 minutes before a waitress came around to bring us menus. When I finally decided to get up and grab some menus for my table, a girl came out and rudely said I didn't have the right ones and snatched them out of my hands. I was pretty taken aback, but thankfully our actual server was kind. Other than this gripe, I'd usually give Gracie's 4 stars.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,3/25/2014,25,144,5,6,5>Finally stopped in SLC Roasting Co. this weekend for a few hours of quiet, coffee fueled work time. A) Eggnog latte tastes nothing like store-bought eggnog. To be honest, this was the first time I'd ever ordered an eggnog latte anywhere - is this an anomaly or the norm? Are eggnog lattes supposed to just be the spices that go into eggnog? Life's great mysteries to me . . . Anyway:B) The atmosphere was great. Just enough background noise to keep me focused on the work in front of me, but not so loud that I was annoyed. Weird decor in the upstairs (old, raggedy maps on the walls?) but not distracting, and the ample space makes up for any wall coverings that need to be replaced. All in all, nice staff, good coffee, quiet patrons, and fast wifi. All necessary ingredients for a successful coffee shop visit!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,3/24/2014,52,346,1,6,5>Great little place off the beaten path right off State street. Be ready to pay the 5 dollar cover at night for shows. But it's nice they have places like this for little local bands. I wasn't able eat here but I hear the wings are really good. So I will have to check them next time. Drink prices are good and not over priced. I am sure I will be back here sometime.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/23/2014,37,59,3,8,5>It's been a couple years since my first visit here. I wish I had returned sooner and more often because their food have definitely improved by great measures.The exterior is anything but fancy. Old brick walls and a white sign with "Pho 99" written in red.The interior doesn't tell you otherwise. There's a fresh water fish tank that you can not miss when entering the place and there wasn't much else for decoration. Plain and simple and I actually enjoyed the simplicity. It reminds me of most restaurants in Vietnam, same hole in the wall feel and nice smell of pho broth as you enter the place.They have all the condiments, silverware and paper napkin dispensers right at your table so it's a big plus. And for those who didn't know, that's how restaurants in Vietnam do their business; it's convenient for the owner and consumers alike.The menu is very simple and straight forward with only the most popular Vietnamese dishes. Around 40 - 50 choices to choose from.When it comes to bang for your buck, Pho 99 is a champion. The pho only comes in 1 size here and in terms of noodles and meat, it's considered a large at most other places...at under $7. Wow. They also give you the option of additional meat, meatballs, and noodles for extra.As always, I ordered the special pho (pho dac biet), and my friends both got the Bun Bo Hue's. Our food took a good 10 minutes to arrive. They were hot and freshly prepared. The Pho broth was really good here, comparable to Asia Palace. It was slightly oily but that fatty taste went away after two or three spoonfuls so I can't really complain. The meat came in fresh and plentiful amount, nicely cooked. The flank was a bit fattier than what I am used to but it was a nice change to my surprise. The noodles had a nice chew to it and was very well cooked. Their garnishing plate came with your usual pho veggies that were fresh and in generous amounts, but no culantro. Can't complain about no culantro at this price though.Overall, we really enjoyed our food and was even more happy with the price. We paid less than $20 altogether for three fulfilling bowls of noodles. What a steal!!The food quality here is a solid 4 stars. But at the insanely low price that they charge, they are definitely worthy of a 5 stars.Highly recommended.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,3/22/2014,48,148,6,8,7>Took my fiancee out for a spontaneous date night (in retrospect, I really should have made a reservation, but I figured it was a Tuesday night and that they couldn't possibly be THAT busy. I was wrong.)They were swamped, we ended up having to wait quite a bit of time. This was fine as we both were craving sushi and were willing to wait. Eventually, we got seated at the sushi bar, but then had to wait a very long time for any servers to acknowledge us. So long in fact that the hostess came back and asked us if we had been served yet. It was fine, we weren't in a hurry and they were obviously overwhelmed by the number of customers they had at the time. Perhaps they were short-staffed that night.Once our orders were taken, food quickly appeared and then disappeared even faster. Super tasty! We were told that there are a number of items not included on the menu, and if we wanted something special, all we had to do was ask. We decided to stick to normal menu items and ordered a variety of rolls. We had the Grinch, the Hot Lava, the Sunrise, and the Sunburn. They were all delicious and I wouldn't mind ordering them again.All of the staff we interacted with were quite friendly (even though things were hectic). We will go back again for more.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,3/21/2014,235,367,4,10,6>Before even moving here, I learned about the Moran Eye Center and the great work that its doctors do around the world.  I mean, they go to Nepal and literally make blind people see with small surgeries and other services.  So between that and its proximity to the U, we figured it was the place to go. My husband and I have worn glasses or (in my case) contacts for a combined 90 years, so we know from eye doctors. Even though (one would imagine) eye doctors aren't often called away for life threatening emergencies, they always kept us in their waiting rooms for ages.  Not this crew.  Dr Petty and his assistants were prompt, friendly, thorough and helpful.  The optical shop deserves its own review, but let's just say hooray for them.  The only giltch was that my husband's prescription had some sort of snafu and he needed to wait another 10 days to get them redone when he couldn't see out of the first pair.  But that was cheerfully remedied.  Free parking under the building and a little cafe on the top make everything easy and convenient.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/20/2014,116,97,4,14,10>This place was really fun. All you can eat. I like the idea of picking your fresh food (well veggies were all fresh) and them cooking it right in front of you. So you walk in and grab a bowl. Try not to put too much in one bowl cuz it gets full quick. You pick your meat (meats are frozen). You have pork, beef, chicken and sausage to choose from- pick all 4 if you want. Then you pick your noodles and then veggies galore. The last thing you pick while your standing in line is your sauce. They have MANY different sauces to choose from. My recommendation is taking a look at their suggested "recipes" which are sauces that would be ok to mix taste-wise. I added so many cuz I didn't know what to do and it came out tasting not that great. So don't go nuts with all the sauces if you don't know whether they'll go good together or not. The last part is where they cook your food right in front of you in an assembly line like manner. They have about 4 cooks frying up your food. It's pretty organized.The also have a soda mixer machine where you can add almost any flavor to your soda. I'm not a big soda drinker but thought this was neat. Lastly. The service was great. All the staff was very nice. I'll def go back!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/19/2014,33,45,4,9,6>A fellow yelper suggested this place for brunch, and I am so glad he did. Cute little place, loved all the art. It is pretty small so it does get crowded quickly. I ordered the Smoked Salmon Benedict and it was delicious. Everything was balanced really well, and the portion size was great. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the potato pancakes were just crispy enough, and I loved the dill creme fraiche. My friend ordered the herbed crepe which was equally delicious. Want to go back and check out their dinner menu.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/18/2014,44,68,2,7,7>This place is legit. I have been here 4 times and tried a few dishes. I think the curry fried chicken is pretty freaking amazing. It has a great spice mix that's spicy and flavorful, not too hot and keeps you wanting more. The spice mix used on the chicken is at the base of everything, either you like it or not, from the buzz this place gets, it seems other people, like me, are addicted to the stuff. It's strange to me why someone would think their chicken was dry, I have NEVER seen them fry a piece of chicken before it was ordered.  Also, I have never had raw or undercooked chicken. They always seem to keep a close on on what's frying. The only think I don't like about this place is they serve pita bread instead of naan. If you are ordering a pita that's awesome.. if you are ordering a plate, less so, but I digress.. you don't go to CFC for the pita bread, you go there for the CHICKEN! The chicken is crispy, crispy, crispy on the outside and juicy in the middle.They use dark meat chicken, so deal with it. It's good, eat here.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,11/4/2011,73,69,4,7,6>Yes, the theater is a little rundown, but that is a part of it's charm. This isn't a corporate theater that plays huge box office films, it's a little independent cinema theater. It's clean, quirky and has a great offering of theater snacks. No where else in town can you snack on Kinder Eggs and take out from The Copper Onion while you watch a foreign film. Love this place! Also Elle, the violinist that plays outside is a treat to hear.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,11/3/2011,89,25,2,10,6>This a 3.5ish review based on the al pastor taco plate.  Tacos were pretty good, but tiny, even considering that they doubled-up on tortillas.  Asked for mine dressed with the obligatory pineapple, cilantro, and salsa, which was a good idea because the dark red salsa on the tacos was very good.  Smoky and complex; maybe chipotle-based?  Snuck a piece of meat sans salsa, though, and it certainly could have stood on its own.  Chunga's doesn't make the corn tortillas they use for tacos, but the girl at the counter recommended next time I try the "quesadilla" with any of their various fillings (mushrooms, cactus, huitlacoche which is a Mexican corn truffle, chicharron, tinga, etc.), because they do make those large corn tortillas in-house.  I air-quoted quesadilla because the picture looked like a huge taco laying on its side where the tortilla was just kind of folded over.  Very pita-esque. As others noted, they bring a plate of complimentary chips and salsa.  Out of the two salsas, I preferred the avocado-based salsa (dip?).  It had a cool, creamy texture with a gently rising heat.  Also will confirm that the rice and beans were above-average for a taco joint.  Rice was not of the crappy orange laden-with-sad-little-frozen-vegetables variety that so many Mexican places serve.  Instead, rice was refreshingly minimalist--fluffy, well-cooked, and simply flavored with chicken stock.  Black beans topped with a bit of crumbled queso fresco were tasty, too.I'll be back, but probably not for the al pastor.  They tasted kind of gringo to me (said the gringa).  Maybe next time I'll ask the counter girl what she eats on her break.  Or better yet, the cooks.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,11/2/2011,64,258,4,6,3>Someone in another review mentioned the nice decor, what decor would that be? A few arches with artificial cracked and peeling stucco? I think I've seen that dead horse beat to death at other Italian places. Really its all about the food here, no homemade pasta but the people in the kitchen seem to know what they're doing. I tried the Bolognese stuffed Mushrooms, Manicotti & Rigatoni that is unique to the restaurant, loved them all!The service was great, the kid was all over us and was knowledgeable about their offering and making recommendations. If I had to offer any advice or criticism I would say please don't worry about making artsy little dabs of Marinara and balsamic on the rims of the plate, it just gets my hand dirty and makes a mess.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,11/1/2011,210,1036,,7,4>Hungry for pizza tonight we decided to try Pizzeria Limone in Fort Union. I noticed it had opened recently since I work just up the street but hadn't had the chance to try it yet. Inside Pizzeria Limone has a contemporary look with ample amounts of stainless steel throughout including the tables and chairs, modern light fixtures, cool tile work, and a subdued color palette. Of course the real attraction is the pizza...Pizzeria Limone is like Cafe Rio for pizza. When you enter the restaurant you walk into the queue where friendly employees ask what you'd like and then prepare your pizza as you wait. If you'd like more cheese or some extra sausage, just ask and then'll add it right then and there. Once your pizza is prepared to your liking it enters a rotating oven where it is baked to perfection and ready for you by the time you reach the cash register. Grab some drinks, maybe a salad, a gelato for desert and you're set.I ordered the pepperoni, wanting something simple tonight and Kimberly opted for something more elaborate featuring lots of veggies and some pepperoni for good measure. Within minutes our pizzas were ready and served up for our hungry stomachs. The foundation of any good pizza is the crust and I've been disappointed many times by less than great crusts. Much to my delight Pizzeria Limone doesn't disappoint in this category. The crust was great! As it turns out, the owner of Pizzeria Limone is a baker by trade and operated a popular chain of bakeries in the 1990s. The excellent quality and taste of the crust at Pizzeria Limone speaks to this heritage. Complimenting the great crust, all of the other ingredients on our pizzas were similarly excellent, fresh and with excellent flavor. For desert we had chocolate and raspberry gelato, both of which were excellent.Although Salt Lake City has no lack of pizza establishments Pizzeria Limone sets itself apart with great food served up in a unique way (unique for pizza anyway.) I think they are going to do very well in Salt Lake and I look forward to dining here again. Thanks for a great meal.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,10/31/2011,118,169,6,10,8>I'm still full, so it's fresh in my mind....or, rather, my stomach.Apparently this building is an old bank. The drive through teller area and vault doors are still intact, which is kinda neat. They have a pool table area and big tvs playing continuous soap operas.We were immediately served thick tortilla chips and 3 different flavors of salsa.  A mild, a medium (green) and a hot. I even tried the hot and didn't die, and I loved the taste of the green salsa. Very fresh. The avocado and cilantro really popped.Since we were experimenting, we shared a few menu items: the quesadilla de machete, one of the pambazos, and the smothered burrito.All were tasty. The smothered burrito was definitely not from Cafe Rio, so don't go in expecting that. It seemed more home style, and had a brown sauce. I liked it. The quesadilla was unique, not my favorite, but my husband really liked it. Everything was much bigger than I expected. The pambazo was my favorite, even though I'm still not really sure what it was that I was eating. Google it.It was plenty of food for two and very reasonably priced. They have a whole page of standard sounding fare that is served with rice and beans as well.The service was ok. We got settled well and the food came quickly. Drink refills were not a priority and it was a bit confusing about the check. Apparently, you just go up to the counter to pay when you're done. A fun experience for a slow Friday night. It'd be fun to go back with some friends. And don't worry, the menu has English sub titles.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,10/30/2011,159,264,2,4,4>I went several years without going to Banbury Cross because of an event where I was sold old donuts when I came in at 7am one morning.  I am glad I decided to go back and have done so countless times now.SLC is seriously lacking in donut choices for anything other than the glazed abominations I call air puffed and glazed crap circles.... If you want truly good cake donuts and raised donuts in a true donut shop atmosphere then Banbury is your shop of choice.  These are the real thing and one of the better donut places I have tried in the country.  I would love to see some competition in this city though.  Maybe a Dunkin even.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,10/29/2011,67,197,3,4,4>I like B & D. The one close to the U as well as this one in Midvale has served me well over the years. I don't go to B & D for their burgers. Nothing personal against B & D but I just don't get along well with burgers of a particular kind.So it's usually the chicken kabob, chicken gyro, or the lemon chicken plate for me over here. I enjoy them all. They take a while to prepare the kabobs. So if you can't wait, don't order them. I also like their fries. The shakes are huge. Since I can never finish them these days, I don't order them anymore.Parking can be a pain at this location as well. Especially, when the drive-thru lane is backed up, getting in and out of the lot can take a while. But four stars for being a nice, little lunch spot that consistently serves good food.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,10/28/2011,35,65,3,8,4>the pastrami burger is our one great contribution to world cuisine. I am hereby making the argument that it should represent Salt Lake in the same way that the cheesesteak represents Philadelphia, the Chicago dog and/or Italian beef represents Chicago, and the loose meat sandwich represents somewhere I drove through in a half-delirious frame of mind in Iowa. with that said, I believe that the concept of the pastrami burger can be improved upon by replacing the mundane bun with the miracle of science known as toast (to this day I can't figure out how the application of heat transforms sliced bread into something so amazing). I know that other places sell the item known as the golden burger, but Olympus does it best. garlic toast + a ground beef patty + ample amounts of pastrami + fry sauce + yellow-orange cheese + the standard hamburger accoutrements = absolute perfection. I wasn't behind the naming of a state firearm, but naming the Olympus Burger golden burger as the state sandwich is something that would redeem said action and cause me to reevaluate my largely apolitical stance.the Olympus Burger fries are also crispy and super good.and the gyros are legit should you not be in a burger kind of mood.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,10/27/2011,180,33,,12,4>The Japanese Sage Market is one of my choice destinations in Salt Lake. Whenever I want to actually make a Japanese meal, everything I need I can find here. From Mabodofu Mixes to the Okonomiyaki Flour, you can find what your heart desires here. If you catch them in the morning, they may have made the most delicious rice triangles with salmon in it...if you see one, grab it and enjoy!NOTE: Credit Card users, in order to use your card, you have to have a minimum $10 purchase
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,10/26/2011,65,59,5,7,4>Now, you may know from my profile that I'm from NYC.  So, it seems that it would be some sort of internal conflict of interest for me to eat and (gasp) enjoy Chicago-style Pizza.I certainly don't wanna lose any street cred, but I don't wanna lose my Yelp cred either.  So I offer my happy review.Sweet Home Chicago is a great version of Chicago-style pizza.  We've been there several times over the years (to both Draper and SoJo) and have always had great experiences.  We've had several cracker crust pizzas, and a few deep dishes.  We've had salads, and entrees, and their delicious cheesy breadsticks (we'll get to those in a minute).  We've never once had a bad meal. Consistency is KEY in the restaurant business.  This rings especially true in Utah, since until a few years ago the vast majority of offerings were chains, which have a high rate of consistency since most of their meals come pre-packaged.  In our experience, every visit to SHC (in both locations) has been a beautiful example of consistent cuisine.Their menu does a good job of describing their food, so I won't really go into the pizzas except to say that the cracker crust (thin crust) is chewy (in a good way), crisp, and handles its toppings well.  Since toppings are so personal to each, well, person, we'll leave it at that.  The stuffed crust is super cheesy, not skimpy on toppings (or fillings in this case).  You really can't go wrong with either.  Just know that one slice of the stuffed crust is enough to feed the average (really hungry) bear, so a whole pie goes pretty far.A couple of notable items -Their salad is made with a slightly sweet Italian dressing that just makes it so that you can't stop eating it.  It shouldn't be that outstanding of a salad in my mind - kinda your standard pizzeria fare, but something about that dressing (the owner's mother's recipe) just makes it.Cheesy breadsticks - these are no small affair.  A whole pizza's worth of garlicy, cheesy, tasty breadsticks.  Well worth the $, and a little too addictive.Pepperoni - I don't know what it is about their pep, but it's special.  Big, thin, tender slices with just the perfect blend of seasoning.  They order it from one specific vendor because it's so good.  So, give it a try!So, whether you're closer to Draper (sports bar type atmosphere), or SoJo (more restaurant-y) you'll likely be happy with whatever you get.  Sweet Home Chicago - well worth your dough.  (Get it, dough? haha).Now go try it.  But do me a solid and don't tell 'em a New Yorker sent you.  I've got to protect my rep, ya know. ;-)
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,2/24/2014,249,176,4,11,8>It doesn't get any better than free! And the HAFB museum is quality, and free!Free (& plentiful) parking. Free outdoor displays. And free museum indoors.This place is huge! And really cool. Free fun for all ages. Literally.I was amazed by the amount of planes that were on display, both outdoors & in. Their gift shop wasn't as overpriced as other museum gift shops.My husband usually takes our kids here. And they go on a somewhat-regular basis. After going today, I think I'm going to join them more often! After all, it's free!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/23/2014,134,150,4,6,6>If your favorite band--or your sister's obsession..ahem, is playing a show here, you are in luck.  In the Venue is an AWESOME place to get up close to the music.  The staff is fantastic.  Kudos to Jake and everyone on the staff for being so friendly to the fans and also very professional.  Alert!! For THE1975 show, OMG their tour bus parked it right out by the front door of the joint, all day and into the night!   I spent all day here with my THE1975 addicted (did mention that?) sister, she's awesome!  We ate at the HKTH,(btw, the band ordered their lunch here to go), we drank at the Metro late night,  and we spent the daytime at the uber historic joint down one block down the way.  Love that place!  Put on your smile and make some friends!  If Adam Ant ever played here, I would be blasting right off my boots.  Drinks are plain jane regular Utah prices...believe it!  Order the HongKongTea for a cool drink that looks great under the lights and sparkles in your gullet.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/22/2014,100,87,6,10,10>Oh my, Oh Mai. Questioning my life decisions here and thinking to myself "Where have you been all of my life?" Smacking myself for having a place that has been under my nose the entire time I have lived in Salt Lake and I have never even been to visit. It seriously warmed my heart and filled my life with so much joy.Pho: Delicious. The vegan, beef, or ribeye options all were so good, try them all, I have. Oh Mai has delicious broth - the best I have had around these parts. One does not even have to add anything to it, except for a hint of lime, for acidity. Not a single complaint about their pho.Bahn Mi: Unbelieveable. I am not even a sandwich person, but I have tried the vegan, yellow curry chicken, and garlic ribeye. I've been there three times this week.. let's just call my addiction problems out. Their sandwiches are the best things to happen since Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David pitched a show about nothing and struck a deal. The bread and the ingredients are fresh, which makes a huge difference in taste. The only thing I have to complain is that they are spicy due to the jalapenos, but I have found I do this really adorable thing where I lift the bread to remove them. Phew, that was a lot of work to fix my nooby ways. Vietnamese coffee or espresso with sweetened condensed milk = perfection.Spring rolls, whether vegan or the vegetable are light and heavenly.. also, equaling perfection.The staff is graceful and appreciative. Joke with them, I do. Want to know what else is perfect? Their prices which are dirt cheap. Don't wait like I did and smack yourself for letting this place go unvisited, you will regret it and no one wants to have regrets in life.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,2/21/2014,102,47,1,7,5>As soon as you edge toward the front entrance be sure to take a deep breath. Here will be your first impression of India House, and it fills your nostrils with the smell of spices, and you will start to salivate with anticipation.Don't worry, this is in no way the best part of your experience, but it signifies to me that there is so much more that is about to be experienced.I've eaten Indian in a lot of places, and on 3 continents to be exact, and India House is my favourite. Period.Firstly, there's nothing better to pair with your meal than a Squatters IPA.Secondly, vegetable pakoras should always be on the menu. Whenever they are missing, I have a sadness that can only be compared to that of the loss of a child. No really, they're that big of a deal. Try the Samosa Chaat too for something a little different, it's made up of crushed vegetable samosas, and topped with onions, yoghurt, mint, and tamarind sauce. It's great to share, and very flavourful.Thirdly, Lamb. I love lamb, Australians LOVE lamb. Just like it isn't a special occasion without some, it's not an Indian restaurant without it either. The lamb at India House is prepared wonderfully, never tough, always tasty, and when you pair it with the spices used in the Boti Masala it somehow gets even better.Other dishes that belong on my favourites list are the Paneer Masala (we love a good cheese dish, and the masala sauce is a wonderful blend of tomato, peppers, and fresh spices), the Coconut Korma (for those days that require a little bit of sweet with your spice), Saag Aloo (oddly, Saag being spinach, this dish is *surprise* mostly spinach, wonderfully spiced and cooked into a curry sauce - it's also great with paneer, chicken, or the lamb), Chilli Paneer (this sauce is magnificent, and the cheese is so tasty with it), Aloo Gobhi (Potatoes and cauliflower, my second favourite cauliflower dish behind Tandoor's Gobhi Manchurian), and the good ol' Vindaloo is perfectly heated and spiced.Honestly, I have yet to meet an item on India House's menu that I don't like, and they can and will prepare the majority of their dishes vegan if you have that requirement.Wait a minute, how can we talk about an Indian restaurant without the breads? My marker for great naan is the garlic, and India House again doesn't disappoint here. Theirs is the perfect balance of garlic (real garlic), butter, and herbs, and it is hot and with just the right amount of crisp every time. Other notable naan to try are their Keema (alright Amy, enough with the lamb!), Saag, Paneer (Oi with the cheese, too!), and I really enjoy their Aloo. For something again a little different in the bread world, give their mint a try, and for something sweet to perhaps round out the meal, try the peshwari which is stuffed with coconut, cashew, nuts, raisins, and then brushed with honey.Finally, and speaking of the sweet, Kheer (rice pudding) and Gulab Jamun is the perfect end to your already delicious meal. Even if you don't think you can fit any more food in, somehow after eating these two dishes in combination your stomach will feel less full, but just that little bit happier. It is truly the panna cotta of the Indian world.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,2/20/2014,314,135,2,10,9>Came here after going to a haunted house since it was nearby and so glad that I did. Since we didn't have a reservation, we sat at the bar which was great.  I love watching the artistry of the bartender as he was making his drinks. Too bad I can't remember his name. He was also our server and waiter. The first dish that came out was the truffle fries which was yummy. The fries were lightly crispy on the outside and creamy in the inside. The truffle flavor was light. The next dish that came out were the clams. These also had fries on them, but this dish wasn't as great. This dish was more on the bland side.The last appetizer to come out was the spicy pillows. These were made from fried gnocchi. Yep, I said it fried gnocchi. I never had them fried before or served like this. These do have a lil kick of spiciness to them, but they also have an accent of sweet citrus flavor as well from the lemon sauce that they are accompanied with. First couple of bites tasted differently depending on if you had some herbs or the lemon flavor with the gnocchi. For the main dish, I ordered the ravioli. Now, you have your regular ground beef ravioli and you have pallet's ravioli. I would choose their ravioli over any of the store bought frozen stuff. Instead of ground beef stuffed ravioli it was stuffed with tender pieces of short rib. This is true for their meat sauce as well. It was accented with thick pieces of short rib. The sauce was slightly sweet and sour (maybe from vinegar). Finally, dessert... I ordered the ice cream sandwich. As with everything else there don't expect your normal melting ice cream sandwich between two cookies. They put a spin on it by using a chewy short bread and a firm vanilla ice cream topped with a dab of syrup and laying on top of cream. I also liked the use of books for the decor and to deliver the check.I totally recommend this place to try out if you want to give your tongue a whirl of flavors to enjoy.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,2/19/2014,368,106,2,8,6>One of my few 5 star reviews!  After years on the fence regarding Indian food, I've decided I love it!  Few of the people I associate with are fans so I rarely have opportunities to try it.  My brother insisted that we try Bombay House because he had heard so many good things so we did.  There were 6 in our party and even the most finicky came away happy with the experience.  We ordered some of everything and shared.  The flat bread (that's probably not the official name) was soft, moist yet crisp and flavorful. Perfect accent to the meal. Service was great the servers took lots of time patiently helping us through the menu and the food was prepared quickly and don't pass the mango ice cream for dessert either what a happy ending.... (to a great meal)
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,2/18/2014,73,129,1,9,5>I've been meaning to try this place for about a year now because of my friend's recommendation and I'm so glad I finally did! My 2 friends and I ordered 5 small plates and a half salad and were stuffed by the end of the meal. My favorite dishes were the crab cakes, signature fries, and the haloum cheese plate.   We weren't hungry enough to order entrees this time but I am definitely coming back to try them in the future!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,2/17/2014,63,274,1,6,4>This is pretty much everything a good BBQ place should be, and to have this gem in Salt Lake City, well let me just say, thank you Pat's!I came here on the recommendation of a coworker who knows me as a fan of BBQ.  Until I saw the sign while leaving, I didn't actually know it had been featured on the TV show Diner's, Drive-In's and Dive's.  Doesn't surprise me, but I'm glad I didn't come here based on that.  I've done that other places before and then left disappointed when they don't quite live up to the hype.Nothing to fear here, this is some seriously good BBQ, and that alone is enough to earn Pat's 5 stars.  I realize that is somewhat subjective, we are spoiled with several major forms of BBQ in our United States all with their own individual merits, and as someone who is well traveled it does make reviewing BBQ just that much harder for me as a result, but they have a good mix here.I think it would just be easier to say that in my opinion it doesn't get much better than this for BBQ in our state of Utah.  The ribs (the ultimate test for me) are awesome - flavorful, juicy and succulent - just as good ribs should be.  The beef brisket is some of the best I have had anywhere, honestly you could give me a plate of that and I'm happy.  Pulled pork and BBQ chicken are also good, but go for the ribs and beef brisket above all, I doubt you will be disappointed!Regarding service and atmosphere - you have to judge this based on proper expectations.  Service is important to me as those of you who read my reviews regularly (all 3 of you) will know.  But you have to put that into the correct perspective based on the food and restaurant type.  This is just even more true with somewhere like Pat's.  Come here expecting awesome BBQ food first and foremost.  Then add in live music, wooden picnic tables and down to Earth service and surroundings and you will not be disappointed on any front.  What more can you want from a good BBQ place?
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,2/16/2014,48,25,3,12,7>Salcita is a small neighborhood eatery that specializes in Central and South American cuisine, especially the cuisine of Ecuador. A very friendly couple from Ecuador serves as hosts/cooks/waiters, etc. The restaurant is clean and inviting, with simple yet beautiful decorations and rustic yet very comfortable chairs.Our order was taken promptly. We ordered grilled salmon and breaded tilapia. While we were waiting for our order to arrive, our waitress provided a complimentary sample of cheese empanadas. The empanadas were amazing nuggets of perfectly prepared pleasure! I had requested a spicy salsa, which was made to order and was delicious. The entrees arrived and were made with fresh, high quality ingredients. The tilapia and salmon were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the salad had a delicious, savory dressing. Both of us LOVED our meals.Salcita is HIGHLY recommended. Also, their prices are almost unbelievable ($9 for each plate). Don't miss the opportunity to eat here.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,2/15/2014,143,26,4,7,5>There's nothing bad I could say about this restaurant. Service was impeccable from the moment we walked in, till the bill was placed on the table. Ordered the seafood platter, Brussels sprouts and pork chop. All fantastic! Not to mention, the portion sizes were massive, so we felt it was well worth the price! I must have gone to a different restaurant than those who disliked this place! :)
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,5/26/2013,69,142,,5,2>Consistently delicious sandwiches, and they have become my default lunch spot when I just can't make any decisions on what to eat.  I always get the smoked Gouda sandwich (i don't think that's the official name but you'll know it when you see it).  turkey, smoked Gouda, bacon, lettuce tomato onion, and this amazing chipotle'esque sauce to top it off.  SOOOO good, and even better when you add avocado.  I've had a few of their other sandwiches and I've never been disappointed, but i always end up going back to the Gouda.Sandwiches come with chips or pasta... def go with the orzo pasta.  it's in an olive oil dressing and has pine nuts and basil.  i usually get half a sandwich since that fills me up, and i make it a meal - meals include sandwich, pasta/chips, drink, and dessert.  Their lemonade is my fave, but fair warning that it is definitely on the sweet side, which is why I love it.  For a full, delicious, fresh lunch, I usually end up paying around $9. A little pricey for lunch for my standards, but totally worth it for the fresh food and to buy from a local store (aka not a chain)
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,5/25/2013,11,44,2,7,4>This is my first 5 star Japanese restaurant review in the Northern Utah area so the review deserves some clarification.My background:  I lived (and dined quite well) in Japan for over 6 years.  I've dined in Japan where the menus are printed daily based upon the market catches, from Okinawa to Hokkaido.  I moved to the SLC area 2 years ago and have tried to find what I regard as the best Japanese restaurant in the area.   In making that evaluation one other factor needs to come into consideration: I travel domestically from coast to coast and I've dined Japanese from Boston to San Francisco.   Utah restaurant dining, due to a more stationary customer base, is not, and doesn't really have to be as competitive from a national perspective.  This goes for any ethnicity of food.  But before I get thrown over the bus, like anywhere the Salt Lake metro area has some great places to eat.  And the Yelp.com articles are very helpful in highlighting many of those great places.If you read my reviews you'll see I've tried a few Japanese restaurants locally and nationally.   In my opinion SLC area dining -and Japanese is no exception- is more about presentation and atmosphere and perhaps a little less on quality and authenticity.  And another factor, just like any other Japanese restaurant, Mt Fuji offers it's Sushi rolls with guacamole and other Americanized favorites so what's appealing, and tasty to some can be subjective.    I discovered Mt Fuji in Sandy unexpectedly.  On a whim I tried Google mapping the word "ramen" and there it was.  From their online menus I learned of their daily "happy hour".  Who can resist gyoza for $3.00 and edamame for $2.50?  So off I went to Sandy for a try.Ascetically speaking Mt. Fuji has all the decorative touches one would expect from a Japanese Shokudo.  Plenty of tables that are spread out far enough so you aren't having to overhear every other conversation.  An outdoor seating section when the weather is warmer and a very nicely sized section of pull up seats at the traditional sushi bar.  But along with the bar and seats you'll find "Joe".  The Japanese owner of Mt Fuji as the primary sushi chef for the establishment.  "Joe", originally from Osaka, Japan moved to the U.S. and set aside his master's degree in education and decided that sushi prep and restaurant management was more up his alley for the last four years.   On the next level Joe also hosts and instructs regular "sushi" classes.  But let me make a point here:  although the importance of actual Japanese chefs has all but vanished since well after the end of the nation-wide Benihana collapse having a Japanese chef/owner in a Japanese restaurant scores big points with me in several ways.  -And there are a couple other Japanese staffed restaurants in the SLC area.    But overall that's becoming less common everywhere.  Not to mention a Japanese waitress whom I was able to ask for the check using my way overdue for practice Japanese.Let's get to the food.  From the happy hour menu I started with some steamed gyoza, an order of edamame, yakitori, and a cold Asahi beer.  I then went to the dinner menu and ordered some escolar sashimi.  -one of my acid tests for quality.  The sashimi was very good.  I might add that ordering Yakitori -grilled chicken skewers- in the U.S. usually ends up being a disappointment as many U.S. based restaurants don't really understand how to prepare and cook it correctly.  To my surprise Mt Fuji's Yakitori was quite good.  Next was my reward for Google Maps:  some shoyu ramen.  The broth was good and it had all the expected ingredients and touches.  Not bad at all for Sandy.  From now on I may go there strictly to get my ramen fix.  But in everything I ordered the quality was excellent and what I would expect.  The food, atmosphere, and service on a slower Thursday evening was excellent.  In summary Mt Fuji is a hidden gem in the suburbs of Sandy that subtlety separates itself from the trendy sushi stops along the blocks of downtown Salt Lake.  The owner Joe seems to have a following of customers at Mt Fuji that appreciate him.  Although Joe's English is not perfect -he moved to the U.S. as an adult- he is a conversationalist with a great sense of humor and he seems to be  well liked by his regulars that sit at the sushi bar.  Mt Fuji may not be the visual mini Tokyo experience some would expect but it hits all the right notes with a great menu, excellent quality and good service.  Highly recommended for your consideration on your next sushi outing.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,5/24/2013,38,6,,3,2>Ended up going here the other night with my wife and daughter as a plan b and were glad we went here than our first choice. We started off with the oysters and there were delish! Maybe because it was late but I didn't read the menu and just saw oysters and ordered them but I didn't realize they were cooked, but I'm glad they were! Lightly backed with an asiago cheese and spinach mix...yumm! On a bad note, a couple of the oysters were not cleaned properly and were a little gritty and the cocktails we ordered were weak and watered down but that's probably because of the stupid liquor laws here in Utah.I had the Grilled Hawaiian Sea Bass and my wife had the Double Cut Pork chop. My fish was cooked perfectly but my wife's pork chop was a little charred. Nevertheless both dishes were good and paired well with the bottle of Parducci Pinot Noir that we ordered. I'd give the food an 8 on taste but 5 on execution. Again we did go right before they closed so I am interested to see how the food is earlier in the night! Overall 4 out of 5 stars because where the food and cocktails lacked the service more than made up for!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,5/23/2013,27,23,,2,2>This is one of the best Triple A ballparks in the US. They view is amazing, the park is shaped so you can see the full mountain range. I had an issue this year and the Vice President of the Bees personally called me and gave me tickets for another game. To my surprise while watching the game I was awarded a team signed official AAA bat. The dogs are great the beer is cold and you have a fan for life!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,5/22/2013,40,196,,6,2>Had the chile relleno and carne asada enchiladas plate.  Both were pretty good.  The chile relleno was just right---the right kind of green chile, not too hot and full of seeds, but skinned and stuffed with cheese and light egg batter.  The enchiladas were of homemade enchilada sauce, and the carne asada was smoky and moist.  The ingredients were all fresh.  They bring you out fresh guacamole and red salsa, along with some homemade chips.  The red salsa wasn't too hot and was very flavorful.  The owner is the same one that owns the taco carts in front of the Gateway (Tacos Hidalgo), and kitty corner from Energy Solutions Arena.  The owners don't do anything fancy, but what they do, they do well.  I've noticed their taco carts and this restaurant serves FRESH, basic "Mexican" food, in a clean environment (yes it's the Americanized, fast-food style Mexican, but it's still good). The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.Take the Airport Trax and get off at about 1500 W (The stop is called "Power Station")and the restaurant is kitty corner (from the drop-off)They take all Credit cards.UPDATE: BEEN TWICE SINCE MY FIRST REVIEW.  HONESTLY, THE VALUE IS AWESOME!  IF YOU GET THE DAILY LUNCH SPECIAL, IT'S 4.99 FOR A LARGE PLATE OF SOLIDLY GOOD MEXICAN FOOD, CHIPS AND SALSA.  SODA IS EXTRA, BUT GET WATER IF YOU NO WANT TO PAY.  SERVICE IS VERY QUICK.  ON AVERAGE, I'VE WAITED ABOUT 5-10 MINUTES FOR MY FOOD EACH TIME I'VE GOTTEN THE DAILY SPECIAL.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,5/20/2013,146,292,2,6,6>If they'd simply served me a small bowl of their aji sauce I would have forked over three stars. But then they also brought me outstanding ceviche. They chose their name well. Be smart--order ceviche. Of course, even though there are 8 or so variations of the signature food, it's not like limey fish is your only option. The menu is huge, so I also tried the classic lomo saltado (they were out of anticuchos). Lomo has soy sauce in it, and there's always a danger of it being too salty. Theirs was too salty, and the fries weren't totally fresh.Still to come, fish stews, papas, chicken, anticuchos, tallarines, maybe even dessert. (You can also get a pisco sour.)I've been lost since El Chalan closed. I think I found myself at Del Mar. It's swankier than Chalan was, but the food has not been dumbed down. I'm going back early & often.Be prepared to order and share. The portions are too large for a single human.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,5/19/2013,105,86,,5,4>I like this place, I really do ................ I am looking forward to going back again.I want to be clear, if I was ranking my top ten breakfast places the Lazy Day Cafe would be on the list but it would not be number one.The lemon pancakes are a treat, the biscuit's & gravy were above average, the hash browns were good, and the eggs were cooked exactly as I ordered them.Like I said, I like this place.Locally owned is a bonus in my book, the staff was very nice the day that we went in, the restaurant was clean, and overall it was a good experience.Like I said, I like this place.Until next time my fellow Yelpers ..................... Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can, Buy Local!!!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,5/18/2013,221,489,8,9,8>As one of the more prominent Utah Jews on Yelp, I was asked to weigh in on this new deli that has opened on the east side. So I finally made my way over to Feldman's for lunch, and I must say that I'm quite the fan. At first glance, this place looks a bit hipper than your Grandma in Boca's Jewish deli, but that place has probably been open a lot longer. This place is still shiny and new, without all the wear and tear. Plus, there was a lady at the counter with some blue in her hair. The Boca Babes would definitely have some words about that, but they're suckaz. Anyway, my fiance and I were seated quickly and left to check out the menu. This is a small menu, but it covers all the Jewish deli staples. Matzo ball soup? Check. Latkes? Check. Knishes? Check. Pastrami, Reubens, tuna salad? Check, check, check. There's also a few tasty sounding specials that change by the day. After careful deliberation, we opted to start with two matzo ball soups and to share the somewhat misnamed Sloppy Joe sandwich. This one does not contained ground beef slathered in Manwich, but rather a combination of pastrami and corned beef with thousand island dressing and cole slaw. So it's somewhere between the Pastrami and the Reuben (sort of). The best of both worlds, some would say. Our two soups and massive sandwich arrived fairly quickly. As the waiter put the sandwich down, Alan exclaimed "Oh my God! It has THREE PIECES OF BREAD!" Why yes, yes it did. Three pieces of bread and half a pound of meat. Our decision to share this Sloppy Joe instead of each attempting to tackle one of these monstrous sandwiches alone turned out to be a splendid idea (even with the $2 share charge). You may have sticker shock when you see the $12 charges for the sandwiches on the menu, but it should all make sense now. The soup was quite good: one large, fluffly matzo ball along with generous pieces of carrots, celery, and chicken. None of this ball and broth only business. The broth needed some salt, but was otherwise as good (if not better) than any other rendition I've had in the SLC (which isn't many, but you know). The sandwich was most excellent, with fresh bread and lots of tasty, tasty meat. I believe even my grandfather would have nothing but kind words for it. Service was good, prices weren't too bad. It's a bit out of my way for a sandwich, but the next time I need some Jew food, you'll probably find me here.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2013,5/17/2013,96,160,2,4,2>For our anniversary, we decided to try out Frida Bistro because we saw it on KSL and modern Mexican food just sounded very appealing to us or just me. haha...Luckily, our anniversary was on Thursday night so it was not busy. The location of the restaurant is pretty shady because all the warehouses surround the area. However, soon as you stepped into the restaurant, BAM, colorful decoration and the beautiful paints of Frida were right in your face! lol... I absolutely loved the restaurant design. I want my house to look like that. Yes, the food was traditional with modern twist. We ordered Pollo Poblano and carne de something...i can't remember the full name. All our food tasted pretty good but I think the price of the entrees and dessert left bitterness into our mouth. Were our cheap Asian genes kicking in? The service was fine. The server did check back once after we got our dishes. And then it was the food runner or the bust boy took care of us for the rest of night. Will I return? Maybe? Maybe after I graduate? Or after my boyfriend got a raise? haha... For now, I think I will stick with my other upscale restaurants.I do recommend everyone to try this restaurant. It is definitely a unique and rare restaurant in Utah.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,5/16/2013,59,170,,2,4>I have many hopes for the future.  Balanced budgets, a sane health care system, peace in the world, all over the world.  One hope trumps them all right now, though.  And that hope is that SuAn Chow decides to make the current shrimp bahn mi slider with garlic ginger aioli & pickled radish special a permanent part of the menu.  It would put to rest forever what my go-to at Chow Truck should be.  One of these and an order of calamari and I'd be set in perpetuity.The panko-encrusted shrimp is cooked perfectly.  It's tender, moist, and rather generous in portion so that it doesn't get lost in the slider bun and all the rest of the sandwich fillings.  A shrimp slider of some sort has graced the specials menu many times in the past.  This is, by far, the best of the lot, and mostly because of some beautifully balanced pickled radishes and carrots.  The sandwich also hits another common bahn mi note with some julienne cucumber.  Subbing in for the usual pate and mayo is a devilishly delicious garlic ginger aioli.  I'll admit that I miss the pate.  Then again, if the pate were to magically appear, it's entirely possible that my head might explode from the beauty of it all.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,10/25/2011,245,216,9,5,4>Oh Bar X. At first I was afraid, I was petrified... Let's be honest, it used to look a little sketchy. But since they've remodeled, it's quite lovely. Don't let the exterior fool you. Inside you'll find it to be clean, dark and a little old school. The cocktails on the menu are pretty pricey for Utah standards but it's nice to splurge and have a couple. They definitely pack a good punch. And have you seen the ice cubes? They are the most amazing, perfect squares of beauty. It's silly to rave about ice, but I know some of you can appreciate it. Good ice is hard to find.  Also, f you're a fan of whiskey like I am, try a whiskey smash. You can thank me later.I cannot say enough how wonderful David the bartender is. I first met him when he was working at the Republican. I only went there a handful of times but every time, he remembered me. When I saw him at Bar X, he actually remembered me and my name. Now that is a good bartender. And of course he makes a mean drink.Bar X isn't a place I'd go all the time but that's only because of the prices and I really can't say no to their cocktails. If they were less expensive, or I had a sugar daddy, I'd be there on a regular basis.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,10/24/2011,48,57,14,11,8>I tend to be persnickety about Mexican food. I enjoy it, but there's no shortage of Mexican options in this area, so it takes something legitimately outstanding to acquire and maintain my attention. For this reason, I erect a wall of dismissive resistance whenever I am invited to try a new vendor of Mexican meals.El Paisa was no different. It lingered on the List of Places to Try Someday for a long time, adorned with praise and promise, yet unable to surmount my slapdash defenses. Recently, however, a very attractive person with whom I spend much of my time put her foot down. El Paisa is easily the best Mexican food I've eaten in this state.  At the risk of alliteratively abusing ambiguous adjectives, the Molcajete is amazing and the fajitas are fantastic. But the Gallo a la Diabla is my favorite so far. It's not as spicy as the name implies, but what it lacks in burn it makes up for in complex and seratonin-inducing flavors. I've since visited on several occasions, and frankly, you're about as likely to find something mediocre on the menu as you are to find the period at the end of this sentence
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,10/23/2011,80,97,,8,5>I finally made it to Bucket O' Crawfish. I thought that there was no way it could live up to the hype and buildup... but it did. The service and ambience were terrific on this early Friday night. It wasn't too crowded yet and we were immediately seated. Three different people asked if we were doing okay through our visit. Craig commented that it was almost too much checking up on us, but I thought it was great.Now the food. I knew that I was getting the snow crab in garlic butter sauce and the sweet potato fries. I had the medium heat and Craig had his crab mild with potatoes. Those sweet potato fries are what a sweet potato aspires to be if it can't be my Thanksgiving sweet potatoes with caramelized onions and bacon-- but I digress. Those fries were awesome. The crab was fantastic and the sauce was positively delectable. My tip would be to skip the fry sauce (I can't believe I said that) and dip those fries in that saucy crab bag. You could bottle that stuff and sell it. It's that good.Craig said that the mild heat was great but it was still hot enough to make him a bit concerned about his acid reflux so if that's an issue for you, just make sure you're prepared.My big question was can Bucket O' Crab replace Joe's Crab Shack? For me that's a resounding absolutely! For Craig it was more of a question of whether he wanted plain old steamed crab and a cocktail or not. Price-wise Bucket O' Crawfish is a bit cheaper, but that could be because we usually end up getting drinks at Joe's. If you visit I hope you like my artwork. ~Darthlaurie
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,10/22/2011,160,294,14,14,9>BRITTON'S!!! Where have I been all your life???Stopped here for the first time today for an OUTSTANDING breakfast - thanks fellow Yelpers!  I fell in love the second we walked in. The dude with the friendly smile greeted us immediately, and ended up being our server. We didn't even notice their specials board, but he provided the info anyway.Not the best coffee (otherwise, 5 stars, kids) but that was truly the only hiccup for the entire visit. And it wasn't bad coffee, just not great coffee.So, their menu covers the gamut of breakfast items, including something called Divorced Eggs. Intriguing. Not a fan of Hollandaise, otherwise I would have investigated further.At the recommendation of our awesome waiter, we opted for the Verde specials; the Omelette and the Breakfast Burrito. Sweet Mary, this may very well be the best verde I've ever eaten! Jalapenos, onions, and various other magic stewed together in an obviously happy marriage of divine spiciness! If it were legal, I'd jump in the pot and be a sister wife. Ok, honestly, I don't care if it's legal. No need to drop to one knee, even - consider it official. I'll have to practice writing it...Mrs. Chile Verde...OMG...can't wait for the honeymoon. I am the laggiest eater on the planet, and I absolutely devoured this omelette in no time. Muy delicioso!Oh yeah, it came with a pancake. But not just any pancake. I wish I'd had some warning about how good the pancakes are here, because I just may have embarrassed myself even further at the first bite. Remember When Harry Met Sally? Yeah, me too...  It was a dinner plate-sized dessert-jack - a little bit crispy around the edges, and just the right amount of sweet built in. I used a small dot of syrup, but realized right away that it really didn't need it. I only had room for half of this single pancake, but I would certainly order it again. Just not with the Verde. It's a simple matter of prioritizing the stomach real estate.For a Friday morning before 11:00 a.m., Britton's was hella busy. Small and large parties, many obviously regulars, rotating through. All smiles. With the exception of the fake florals and greenery, it transported me back to a diner in Honolulu from the 80's. The decor is a dichotomy of diner kitsch and Early American, with some sports bling mixed in there, but it was relatively clean. Once the food arrived, I really wouldn't have noticed somersaulting gypsies or a screaming baby next to my head.Now, here's the proverbial chile pepper on top - it was as inexpensive as the blaahh chain breakfast joints. Breakfast done right, at a price I can get behind.My love affair with Britton's will continue. I'm looking forward to a long and delicious relationship.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,10/21/2011,139,132,,5,3>I've eaten dinner at Pago a couple times, but it was so long ago I don't feel right writing a review about those visits. However, this past Sunday I had the pleasure of having brunch and this place easily takes first place in my book for best brunch in SLC.Let's start with the coffee. Im typically not a black coffee drinker. However, the roast of the coffee they carry is lovely and dark without hitting your stomach like a ton of bricks. The special pastry (not sure if this is a usual thing or not) this morning was a superb chocolate pistachio scone served wtih butter and some blackberry preserves. Really fantastic and they were an awesome thing to nosh on while we waited for our main dishes. I had the Croque Monsieur- now, let me say I am a WAY picky breakfast eater at restaurants. Not because I am not a fan of breakfast, quite the opposite. I can cook a mean breakfast at home and so most of the time eating out ends up being a huge disappointment. At first bite of my main dish, I was floored. I actually think that as long as this is on the brunch menu, this will be my go-to. The bread remained perfectly buttery and toasted underneath everything. The bechamel had a nice viscosity, the ham was heavenly and the eggs, as fresh as fresh can be and cooked to oozing pefection. It was topped with 2 pieces of bacon which were crisped up perfectly.  I also ordered a side of potatoes, which I wasn't totally impressed w/ because they were so simple. However they were cooked spot on and turned out to be a great vehicle for the remainder of the bechamel/egg yolk sauce. Cannot wait to go back!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,10/20/2011,30,87,2,2,2>This place holds a special place in my heart. I am a die-hard Ute fan- I've been to every home football game, except one (got sick when traveling. boo!), since 1998. I get that warm, fuzzy "I'm home" feeling when I walk into the south plaza. I watched the dress rehearsal for the 2002 Olympics opening ceremonies, I've performed dozens of times on the field, and I was lucky enough to see U2 there this summer. Can you tell I've been to the stadium a few times?The view from the tower is amazing. You can see the entire valley. The suites look comfy and warm if you're rich enough to have one for those cold November games and the place dresses up quite nicely for formal occasions like weddings and banquets. Parking can be painful on game days. The best strategy is to ride Trax or just arrive super-early and tailgate with your friends. More and more lots are getting reserved for Crimson Club passes, so you'll need to hunt around a bit or park in the neighborhoods surrounding the U. Leaving via Trax is not for the claustrophobic. The pack you on the train like sardines. Have you ever seen pictures of trains full of commuters taken in China or Japan? Yeah, it's like that. Who am I sir? A Utah man am I, a Utah man sir, I will be 'til I die! Go Utes!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,10/19/2011,89,54,,8,5>I love Now & Again! Michael is super friendly and he consistently has something new to show me.Prices and selection here are great. I recently purchased a lovely Danish teak dining table. It was a great deal and exactly what I was looking for. I was very appreciative that the owner (Michael) offered to deliver it to my house. He dropped off this large table on his day off and even helped me put it together. This kind of customer service scores clients for life!This is a  hot spot if you are looking for antique pieces or just something fun to add to you home decor.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,10/18/2011,186,563,2,5,2>Holy cow, this place looks like an easter egg threw up inside it. Very colorful, and cutesy to the mega extreme. However, their fro-yo flavors are amazingly awesome!I've been here twice since they opened already and I am a believer. I love the boston cream pie and boysenberry. They also have Dole Whip!!Toppings bar is awesome. They have my beloved mochi, amongst other great things like cheesecake bits and brownies. The staff is nice and helpful and they give you a free toy when you visit. We got little capsules that turn into sponges when you soak them in water, fun!Currently, their hours are:Mon-Thurs: 11am-11pmFri-Sat: 11am-MidnightSun: 11am-10pmGo now!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,10/17/2011,1710,637,3,5,4>04.15.11 first visit ambience: A-nearly perfect.  from the overall color scheme, to the olive oil and balsamic vinegar crafts, my GF and i were quite impressed. service: AAmy was an absolute delight. when asked for recommendations there was no hesitation or confusion. when our blueberry souffle wasn't to her standard, she made sure not to bring it out, to apprise us of the situation, the timing, and an alternate plan, since we were on a time schedule.food: A-besides a slightly overdone steak, we experienced balanced flavors and, well, perfectionWatermelon Salad * arugula * goat cheese * pine nuts * blueberriesfresh, delicious and well balanced. i love the combination of pinenuts and goat cheese. Lamb Chop Appetizer: preserved bell peppers, soft polenta, jalapeno apple mint relish.YOU MUST ORDER THIS DISH!!! that is, of course, if they serve it on the evening you go there. i'm not a big fan of lamb shanks, leg of lamb, or any other part of the lamb, but i AM a HUGE fan of lamb chops - done properly...whatever that means. everything on the plate was interesting, but the lamb was amazing. thank you faustina. Grilled NY Strip Steak: gorgonzola potatoes, port wine sauce, grilledscallionsi ordered my steak medium, however, it came out medium well. that didn't matter, it was delicious, and cooked nicely. but next time i'll send it back. i love a red, slightly bloody interior on my steaks. cioppinothe broth. oh, the broth. very well done, and not overly fishy. blueberry souffle with lavender creamput those two elements together and you have HEAVEN. leave one out, and you have something kind of weird. so don't skimp on one or the other. overall: A-besides the overdone steak, this place is me and my GF's new favorite restaurant, aside from TCO, and now Meditrina. The holy trinity in my opinion (up to this point - haven't dined at forage...)
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,10/16/2011,76,161,,2,3>Great food! I love the Corned beef and Hash! Whats better than bacon for breakfast? I'd say Pastrami styled corned Beef Covered in Cheese! This is place is  pricey, so if you're on a budget consider yourself warned. but all in all this place is awesome! I love the waitstaff and the campy diner vibe. Prompt on refills and their coffee is some of the best in the valley. If you give Blue Plate a chance, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,10/27/2014,32,63,3,7,5>This is the first time I've been here. When I first got through the first door, there were two more doors inside, one on the right, the other on the left. My friend and I stood there for like 30 sec to decide which to open lol. At last we have decided to pick the left one, and btw it is the correct one. This is an interesting dinning experience I've never had before.I've heard a lot of it's lunch buffet, however, I went at night that day, so we missed the chance to try out their buffet. But we will definitely come back and try that out.We ordered butter chicken and lamb curry. They both taste good. They were different from those I've tried before. The taste of Kathmandu is not as strong as the others. This is exactly the reason I like this restaurant better than most of the rest. The sauce of Indian food is sometimes too much and too strong for me, but this restaurant has no problem of this.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/26/2014,18,79,2,4,3>This place has fantastic burgers, fries, and BBQ sauces.  We went with a groupon, so the price was great.  Even without a groupon though you're still looking at a fair value.  I had the Garlic Bacon Cheeseburger and was really impressed.  The portion was decent and the fries that we had with it were great.  They had 3 or 4 different types of BBQ sauce, all of which were full of flavor.  The atmosphere is that of a normal bar.  We went in around noon on a Saturday, so it was pretty quiet.  The service was quick and there are TV's with various sports on.  Overall it was a great experience, we will be going back to try some more things!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,10/25/2014,15,56,4,4,5>Best burger I've had so far in Utah! Im a big fan and glad i finally got to go to Lucky 13! I've been waiting of my fellow foodie sister to turn 21 so we could check this place out and see if Utah can fill my burger craving! It didn't let me down! Service was some of the best and all my questions were answered. Our server was so cool and helpful, I just wanted to hang out with the guy and get to know him lol. I ended up getting the pig pen burger and added peanut butter to it! It was messy, delicious, fresh tasting, and really hit the spot! My sister ordered the celestial and instead of caramelized onions ordered fried onion rings to it. It was delightful to say the least. They smoke their bacon in house and really I think it makes a world of difference because it adds so much flavor to the already moist and delicious burger. definitely will be back for more!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,10/24/2014,249,176,9,9,11>Foodie paradise!Carnivores will think they've found beef heaven. And vegetarians will be pleased with the amazing salads and delectable Mac & Cheese.Cubby's Chicago Beef is amazing. Sure, the exterior & location aren't high-end. But the moment I tasted my tri-tip sandwich (with the mind-blowing mustard BBQ sauce) nothing about the strip-mall location mattered anymore!We ate there right before a football game. It was busy, but the line to order moved quickly. And we had a very short wait for our food.I'm telling you, at this restaurant they have everything down to an art!I already mentioned my delicious tri-tip sandwich. My husband had the Houdini Burger that was, quite possibly, the best thing about our order! It was all good, though! Every. Single. Bite.The rosemary/pepper fries? Perfectly cooked & seasoned.My daughter scarfed down her creamy macaroni & cheese. And my son ate his entire hot dog, & asked for more. Of course.The Cubby's kids meals also included a juice box & a cup of fresh fruit.We all shared a soft rice Krispy treat for dessert. Yum!I did have to laugh about one thing... A door, or two down from Cubby's is a Little Caesars pizza. Both on our way in, and out of Cubby's there were families sitting on the patio with Cubby's entrees for the adults, & Little Caesars pizza's for their kids.I thought that the prices at Cubby's were more than reasonable! It made no sense to me, to feed kids lackluster pizza, when there was such amazing food to be had at Cubby's?!For crying in the night, fellow parents! Don't give your kids garbage to dine on, when there's affordable gourmet to be had!Small rant, aside. Cubby's is a place I would (and probably will) drive hours out of my way to patronize.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/23/2014,37,59,3,4,3>We've been frequenting Asahi for about two months now and I feel like another review update is necessary. Their sushi menu is about average and even though the listed rolls are quite fun and unique I got tired of it pretty quickly. Chances are it's gonna happen if you eat here every week like I do. I've found their freestyle by chef Zula is phenomenon. You get plenty of fish per roll and he knows his stuff. Another reason to give Asahi a go is their miso soup. It is absolutely scrumptious and sooo good. You must try it out at least once when you come here. You will forever thank me.Although you can't really go wrong with any roll here, I highly recommend their Sweet Jesus, Spicy Tuna, and last but not least the 'Wet Dreams', chef Zula's signature roll.P.s: If you decide to freestyle, after 3:00 pm sunday - thurs only they have buy one get 2nd half off. If you decide to go for a late night snack, their late night special 10pm - 1 am Fri & Sat only they have amazing deals on a few appetizers and rolls.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,10/22/2014,30,54,1,6,2>The Wild Rose does it right on al fronts. I really didn't know what to expect here given that I bought a Groupon months back. It was a great move on my part. I finally ate here last Saturday and it truly was fantastic. Very calm on the inside and not too large. Once inside you'd never know you're in a strip mall. On to the food! Ordered the pork belly appetizer. I don't know what they made it with but it was amazing. Usually I don't review bread, but the butter tasted like the garden herb variety with what I assumed to be brown sugar because it tasted mildly sweet. It was fantastic to have with the pork belly.While I waited for my New York steak to come out, I was given a sour apple sorbet palate cleanser and would not have minded to have much more it for dessert. Light and sweet.My NY steak was cooked to perfection. Served with their house brandy sauce, mashed potatoes and vegetables this was one of the better steaks I've had. The steak itself was dusted with black pepper giving each taste a good kick. 13 ounces of goodness all eaten in one sitting. The prices here are on the higher side, but I believe that you get what you pay for. I had great, attentive service, excellent food, and a pleasant atmosphere to enjoy all it. It's definitely worth another visit.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,10/21/2014,94,46,3,6,5>I'm a fan of Black Sheep Cafe, it's one of the few places that I've specifically named when asked where I would like a gift certificate. Located right on University Avenue in the heart of Provo, the location is great, but the food is better. Navajo food is unique and is a must try.The Navajo burgers are my favorite. If it's your first time there, try one of the burgers and you won't regret it. The meat is thick and juicy and the nanniskadii bread is very unique and delicious. If you read a lot of Black Sheep reviews, people love the burgers and it'll start sounding like a broken record.The sweet potato fries aren't the main course, but they are amazalicious (Yes, I made that word up, but it was the most accurate description I could think of). They are made with real sweet potatoes and not yams, which is common in a lot of other restaurants. I've attempted to recreate their sweet potato fries, and although my wife loves my fries too, I don't do Black Sheep's Sweet Potato fries justice.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/20/2014,314,135,5,12,6>The best thing about this place is that they have shaved snow... Yes, that's right shaved snow not ice. They call it ice here though. So what's the difference between shaved snow and ice, you may ask????Well, shaved snow is lighter and fluffier why shaved ice has those ice crystals which tends to be harder and has more of that ice crunch to it depending on where you get it from. The options are limited here though. They only have two snow flavors: green tea and milk. Nor do you get to pick from a plethora of toppings like other places outside of Utah. They only have condensed milk, mangos and red beans for toppings here. The milk flavor snow seems to be lighter and fluffier while the green tea has layers that tend to stick together more. I have no clue to why that is.As far as the food goes, it's not the best Taiwanese food, I've ever had, but the benefit for Mom's Kitchen is that it's the only Taiwanese restaurant in the area. The food is good enough that I would come back for certain dishes, but it does make me yearn for Taiwanese food outside of Utah.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/19/2014,349,631,6,7,5>Even though the name Dodo means an extinct bird, they actually do not serve any birds or endangered species here.  They have an upstairs dining area and basement restrooms and wine storages.  If you are thinking about pie, ask the server, or check the blackboard tucked away at the end of dining on the right side from the main door, since they could be out of some flavors.Few years back, we came here for brunch, it was ok, not very impressive.  We also tried their Polenta Cake recently, and it was just ok.We focused on their pies in our recent trips there, and that seems to be their strength.  Of all the pies I sampled including: Chocolate Mousses, White Chocolate Raspberry, Peanut Butter Cream, Key Lime, Blueberry, Carmel, Flan, Butterscotch, and Chocolate Almond...  it all depends on what you feel like that day.  Key Lime is definitely a winning for a refreshing light pie, Peanut Butter Cream for that nice thick flavor, and Flan for something creamy in between the two.  Those three were definitely my favorites.Forgot about their regular entrées, just go there and get a pie.  They have nothing but pure satisfaction for any dessert or pie cravings.  Service was decent.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/18/2014,73,94,5,7,6>I've eaten here a number of times and they always have me leave full and satisfied. I've tried the French toast foolishness, corned beef hash and michigan scramble and all 3 have been great each time.The portions are good size and it won't break the bank. I love that they can actually cook bacon right so that it's crisp but not burnt. They have a nice little patio that is dog friendly, so bring your pooch.They don't do reservations, so, unless you're early to rise, plan on waiting a little while on the weekends. Fortunately, if you do have to wait, liberty park is right across the street and is a great place to kill time an work up your appetite!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,11/21/2013,51,331,4,8,6>Red Hot is a new hot dog place on Main St, right next to Lamb's Grill. In fact, it's owned by the same owner as Lamb's.They advertise "kobe beef" hot dogs, which is a novelty, although I think it's completely wasted in a hot dog. I would love to see them offer a regular dog downgrade and give me $1 off my dog. I bet I couldn't tell a Kobe dog from a regular all-beef dog, and I'm willing to be you couldn't tell either.The hot dogs aren't cheap, ranging from $5-$6, but they are plenty big and it makes a good lunch. I had the Chicago dog, and it was good (but not as good as Johnniebeefs). My buddy had the KC, which had caramelized onions and BBQ sauce, and it was really tasty.Red Hot also sells fresh lemonades and banh mi, and I plan on trying those the next time I stop by.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2013,11/20/2013,73,129,4,7,6>I would normally give a place like this 4 stars because the donuts are delicious and the presentation is nice. I decided to take off one star because I recently tried the mint chocolate donut and the mint part tasted like toothpaste! I took a few bites but couldn't finish it. If you come here, try the maple bacon or chocolate ganache. Those 2 are fantastic!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,11/19/2013,97,45,3,7,4>Why I went: My ongoing search for the best pizza in Utah has led to another gem in Salt Lake City: Big Apple PizzeriaWhat I ordered: Cheese Pizza: Get there early to get slices they run out after 730 PM! I ended up getting a Large Cheese pizza to just test the quality and none of the specialty pizzas seemed very interesting. All in all it was solid technically sound NY Style pizza: foldable crust/slight fold but not soggy, good sauce cheese ratio. If I lived in this area I would probably order this for delivery but its not good enough to go back and pass up all the other places which have more creative pizza creations options.Garlic Knots (Check in Yelp Deal): Free with purchase. BEST garlic knots I have ever had! Great soft texture and delicious parmesan cheese flavor. I might have gone for the pizza but I will go back to this place for these garlic knots.Cut to the Chase 3.5 stars (Rounding up to 4): The quality of the pizza was on par with any of the NY style pizzas in SLC but the menu is very one-dimensional. I am rounding up because of the garlic knots.They were perfection!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,11/18/2013,63,274,5,10,7>This location is actually a trail-head for two hikes that are accessed from the Silver Lake loop, if you look up Silver Lake that's where you want to park once you get up the canyon.To get to this trail head, go anticlockwise about 1/4 way around Silver Lake and you'll see a path right which takes you to the sign post for both Lake Solitude and Twin Lakes.  This review is specifically for the Lake Solitude hike, which personally I'd say is the easier of the two.I say hike, because unlike Silver Lake, which is nothing more than a nice easy going flat loop at the end of the day, reaching Lake Solitude is significantly more strenuous and has some odd bits of tricky terrain that should be reserved for those more seasoned to actual hiking trails.  It's not difficult by any means, though most on line sources rate it as a moderate hike.  Personally the only part I would really rate as that is the short final stretch up to the lake which is pretty steep, and while we love to hike, I don't consider us advanced in that area by any stretch of the imagination either so I don't think most people would have any real problems.  I've done other moderate rated hikes that have proven far more difficult.We went today, and due to a small storm overnight, the terrain was pretty wet even in July.  This is the earliest we've ever attempted these trails, for some they may be doable before that with the right equipment.  If the ground is dry it's not any problem.  But just after rainfall you get that wonderful fresh air smell which is so worth it, but it was pretty slippery today.  Just be sure to wear appropriate shoes and if it is wet underfoot, make sure you are with someone else on the top part approaching the lake just for safety, especially when coming down.  I did slide and hit my ankle fairly hard at one point, thankfully the wife and a conveniently placed tree I could grab saved me from anything worse!It's a gorgeous trail.  As you follow the approximately 1.5 miles to the lake, you can see all the various progressions of the forest land and the various phases each area goes through over time.  From the trail head to the top is about 40-45 minutes, and of course roughly that back down also.  It's a decent work out, but not strenuous either and the views and scenery are sure worth it.  You can actually walk right around the lake too.  The path's up there are not always super obvious - today's route where we went up some of the higher terrain was definitely ad-lib at some points.  But that makes it fun right? :)It's beautiful though, like pretty much all trails in our Wasatch front canyons, and a nice bit of exercise to boot.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,11/17/2013,64,75,1,5,3>I've been attending Zumba classes at Fitness on 7th for the past 6 weeks, and I am a fan!  I especially LOVE Binny's classes and love his high energy and the class is always packed which makes for even more energy.  The floor space is large and they keep the doors open during class so the air can circulate.  HUGE BONUS!  The one drawback I have found, is when you walk in the entrance, you walk right on to the floor and in the middle of the ongoing class!  It's a little awkward!  But I can live with that, if it's my only drawback!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/16/2013,13,20,1,3,2>This place makes my heart happy. No really. It does. I happened on this gem of a restaurant about three years ago while I was doing some community theatre in the area and stopped here with my cast between shows. First off, this place is CLEAN. Like eat your food off of the floor clean. Even the parking lot is clean--and considering the places around them that says a lot. The service? Top notch. Their servers gracefully walk that line of being attentive without being obnoxious. Chile Rellenos? Awesome. This is the only place I have ever been that gets the egg mixture to pepper to sauce ratio right. Every. Single. Time. Chile verde is very good and their chips and salsa are some of the best I've ever had. I'm someone who when they find what they like they don't stray, but anything my friends have gotten looks amazing! Even coming with large groups I have never had to wait forever for my food and it's always piping hot. The only downside is it is literally on the opposite side of the valley from me, but no matter. It is well worth the trip!!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,11/15/2013,20,53,1,3,2>Met here for a birthday dinner with a group of friends.  In the past I have not been overly excited about this restaurant.  It seems that when it first opened back in the days, it was good - but over time it just became  a "has been".  I ordered the chicken piccata and it was excellent.  The sauce with the capers was tart and tasty and the chicken was flavorful and very moist.  It came with a small side of wild rice, which was excellent as well.  It would have been nice if a side salad would have been offered.  Bread was so so - French bread with whipped butter.  If you serve this type of bread - it should come with chilled real butter, not whipped.  We also had the seasonal pumpkin pie/cake dessert.  A very large piece, was it over the top?  No, it was average, but a nice way to end the meal.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,11/14/2013,14,16,,2,1>This is by far my favorite burger joint hands down. The burgers are char broiled and delicious and the crown burger with pastrami...when I bite into it I'm pretty sure I have a food-gasm. The fries are always big and hot and delicious. Not a fan of sweet potato fries, but everyone that likes them says they are awesome. They also have a really good ribeye steak sandwich that I sometimes order. I only go every so often being that the food there is very very bad for you, but if you are looking to pig out on some fatty guilty pleasure food, you can't go wrong with this place.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,11/12/2013,605,129,10,13,11>I came here back in 2011 when I was interviewing for the school I'm currently attending.  I remember lovinggggg it and thinking to myself how awesome it is that there's a theater with only indy films!  Now that I'm thinking back and am more familiar with what Utah has to offer, I realize that this place is still pretty awesome, but not exactly 5 star awesome...and here's why:+1 Star: Big location with a lot of independent movies+1 Star: Reasonable prices for movie tickets (~$7?)+1 Star: Spacious seats without a huge crowd of people inside+1 Star: Workers have always been courteous to me-1 Star: It seems a bit old in my opinion though well-kept, which is why I am gonna be stingy with this 4 star rating.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,11/11/2013,103,85,1,7,4>This is one of those that doesn't really need my two cents, but I know you don't eat anywhere without my permission so here you go...Bombay House is one of my favorite places to eat in Utah.  Period.  It's by far the best Indian-  though India Palace down the street is passable, I feel that Bombay has much more depth of flavor with all the basic dishes that I've tried at both places.  The drinks are delicious and if you like lassis, go for one.  My personal favorite is the Bombay Lime, which is a lightly carbonated limeade with fresh mint.  That stuff is truly delicious nectar, and the perfect accompaniment to spicy food. My favorite dish is the paneer masala, but we always get a few different things to share and nothing disappoints.  They have a TON of vegetarian options here as well.  The veggie ones are some of my favorite, in fact.  The ambiance here is so kitschy it's amazing.  I love how it doesn't ever really change that much. Employees here are so awesome-- friendly and love to joke around with you.  They run this place like a well oiled machine, but still manage to be personable and make sure you enjoy your experience.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/3/2013,86,37,,3,3>The Med, or Cafe Med, or The Old World Cafe, or whatever it's being called this week, is one of those little places you'll miss should you decide to move out of Utah.  It's not blow-your-mind amazing, the decor kind of sucks and the staff is often slow (though not inattentive, if that makes sense).  In fact, I was debating on three versus four stars for this joint.Realistically, the joint is a 3.5, but it's so consistent I figured I'd round up.  My go-to dish here is the yellow curry pasta.  It's a great balance of spicy and tangy, with loads of fresh veggies and well-cooked chicken.  The more traditional Greek/Middle Eastern/Mediterranean dishes are all pretty tasty as well; think of the menu here as an intermediary between Greek Souvlaki and Aristo's (an analogy that reflects both quality and pricing).  And, finally, if you're watching your figure, even the grilled salmon with dill rice and seasonal vegetables is pretty good.The Med doesn't have a full liquor license, but they do serve wine and beer, including some high-gravity bottles.  Neither selection is particularly impressive, but the basics are there.I wonder if I ever would have found out about this gem if I hadn't worked across the street during my college years.  I'm sure glad I did.  I'm looking forward to trying The Med for brunch one of these days, as everything on the menu looked delicious.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/2/2013,16,24,2,5,2>This is the best BBQ place that I know of! My wife and I like it so much we had them cater our wedding. They have the best prices which makes it so easy to keep coming back. I love their BBQ Chicken and brisket it is the best stuff you can get in Utah. The owner is as nice as they come. They also have magic shows every week and amazing lunch specials. This is probably one of my top ten favorite restaurants ever and I could eat their rolls everyday if I could.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/1/2013,1,16,2,4,4>Ok, their desserts are enchanting! I can't tell you how much time I spend staring at them, in agony, trying to decide which to order! They are BEAUTIFUL!I ordered the Strawberry and Poppyseed salad and was slightly disappointed by it...the dressing and fresh fruit was delicious. But the salad also contained canned mandarin oranges and pineapple, which sort of ruined the whole "freshness" of the salad. Their Lemon-Rice soup was a pleasant twist, but was a little too starchy, with barely recognizable chunks of rice in it (you can tell it isn't very fresh when the rice has disintegrated to that point). I bet it would have been better fresh.My husband ordered a pesto-chicken panini and it was delicious! I think, perhaps, that is the best route to go...it's hard to mess up a sandwich!The service was good (though, I wouldn't recommend it if you're anticipating super quick service or are in a hurry). It's a sit yourself diner, with a long line of dessert-only patrons. So, sit down, relax and enjoy being surrounded by so many beautiful desserts. Next time I go, I'm getting a panini and dessert. But there will definitely be a next time :)
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,1/31/2013,68,229,,4,5>I always take my friends to Lone Star Taqueria.  It is so delicious that I look for as many excuses as I can to come here.  In the summer it's lovely to sit outside on the patio.  In the winter, though seats can be scarce at peak times, the indoor dining area is fine.  I like to eat "out", but if Lone Star doesn't have enough ambiance for you, take-out is always an option.  They even have a drive through window!They are known for their fish tacos, yes, but my favorite menu item is by far the shrimp burrito!  I love everything about it.  The peppers, the rice, the cheese, the cilantro sauce, the shrimp.  Ugh.  I wish I was there right now!  The half burrito is huge and more than sufficient for lunch.  If you order the full-sized burrito, however, there is the added benefit of having leftovers to look forward to eating later. Nachos and tamales are also worth trying at Lone Star.  There's a great salsa bar, so even a simple order of chips & salsa is a smart choice.My friend and I first ate here on our "Restaurants That Have Been on the Food Network" tour of Salt Lake City, and we have since returned many times.  If you haven't been yet, definitely add it to your list of places to visit!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,1/30/2013,165,167,8,11,4>Read carefully. This is another example of me reviewing based on "it is what it is". What it is, is what I call "For-old-white-people Chinese"... A term I coined especially for this place... Not that there's anything wrong with that.  It gets 5 stars for what it is, because it's for sure better than any other in this newly-formed-in-my-head genre of Asian cuisine.Want authentic? Want spicy and interesting flavors? Keep on truckin.Want simple tasty Asian inspired white-bread food in a so-dated-it's-almost-back-in-style teal and mauve dining room? DO IT UP! This is my mom and daughter's favorite place to eat. It's very inexpensive, relatively tasty (see above) and the service is super friendly. Plus you get to "OMG" about the rad 80s decor.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,1/28/2013,160,294,5,18,6>After one visit to Bake 360 I would now trade my Elvis collectible dolls, the contents of my secret lockbox (doh!), and what's left of my dignity for just one more visit to Bake 360...Bake 360 is bona fide competition for the more famous downtown specialty bakeries (a la Les Mads, Tulie, Gourmandise, etc.). They say you eat with your eyes first, and Bake 360 delivers on every beauty point. Each item is almost too exquisite to eat. Almost...They provided samples of many of their currently-available items out on the counter; many freshly baked. They had a nice selection; but once word really gets out, they'll undoubtedly need to augment the stock.The lovely girl at the counter was very helpful, and happily described each item we asked about. There were no samples of a certain item Hubby expressed a specific interest in, so the baker (Brian?) brought out a shockingly generous serving for us both complete with a plate, fork and napkin. It's obvious they get it here; they're proud of their food, and want to show it off. What better way to make a sale? It worked.We left with an aerodynamically sexy box filled with the following treats, listed in the order in which they knocked my socks off:- PASSIONFRUIT KOUING AMAN (capitalization=virtual genuflection)I'm pretty sure I lost five of my six senses for 20 minutes while eating this. Everything they say is true. Just get it. Friday and Saturday only.- Vanilla Creme Patissiere, Coffee & Caramel with Black Hawaiian Sea Salt EclairIt's just as stunningly delicious as it sounds. This was a profoundly close second, and the only one I should eat at least once a month, as prescribed by my Hormonist.- NapoleonSome of the best I've had, and I'm partial to Napoleon. I've tried a lot of it. Most fall far short of perfection. This was the closest I've had this side of the MIssissippi.- Almond Layered Bar/TartThis item has a beautiful name that I don't remember. But it was very good, and Hubby's favorite. Highly reminiscent of authentic NY Italian pastries.- Pistachio CannoliTasty chocolate dipped shell, but ricotta filling fell a bit short for me. It was our tasting group's consensus that the pistachio is too subdued a flavor to legitimately contribute to Cannoli. It wasn't bad, but could benefit from something else to pump up the flavor volume.- Kirsch Cherry Creme DanishAnother shortfall for me, other than the occasional pop of super-powered flavor from the cherries soaked in Kirsch. The creme used was rich and tasty for the first few bites. Overall, this was generally just sweet with little to cut through it. Hubby and others of our tasting group felt differently about it, and stated it was absolutely fantastic.Here's what I can't wait to get back there and try:- Prosciutto and Gruyere Croissant- Gruyere, Caramelized Onion, Sundried Tomato, & Basil Quiche (in pastry crust)- Pain Au Chocolate- CannelleThere was a minor little pinch at the end when we relinquished $50 and change to take our treasures home. But we did drive away with quite a selection of what turned out to be some of the best baked indulgences in the state...possibly the Intermountain West.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,1/27/2013,20,176,,9,6>Tried their lunch buffet for the first time today. LOVED IT! You can try 5 different curries for about $10/person. My favorites were the goat curry and butter chicken. Their chickpea salad, spinach (saag) and lentil (daal) dishes are also awesome. Even for dinner, this place is a good deal. I like it that their entrees include rice and naan so for $30 including tax and tip, two people can eat a big meal. Staff said their meats (goat, lamb, chicken) are halal, which is important for Muslims but also ensures high quality, in my opinion. I think Kathmandu serves the best Indian food in SLC and as an added bonus, they are open on Sunday nights.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,1/26/2013,21,33,2,4,3>It's so nice to have another breakfast alternative. We usually eat at the Dodo on the weekends, but they've been closed for a couple of weeks. Last weekend Finn's irritated us beyond our ability to cope (at least for now). The wait at the Park Cafe and Eggs in the City...meh.So we tried Millcreek. Who knew? Well, Yelp, obviously. But not me. I had the breakfast wrap: eggs and bacon in a flour tortilla. I took our waitress's suggestion and had it smothered in chili verde. Very tasty. Our table also had the classic breakfast - eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and toast - and appreciated the fact that the eggs came just right (ie, bright yellow, no brown) and the hashbrowns were extra crispy. Blueberry pancakes? Amazing. A great buttermilk flavor and big, juicy blueberries. They charge extra to add the blueberries and now I see why.Our waitress was especially nice. Friendly and helpful, she not only offered advice about the menu but cut a straw so it would fit into a kid's cup. When we were almost finished she accidentally spilled some ice water on the next table. She had such a pleasant, apologetic way of dealing with it that they just laughed and helped her clean up. If I write a letter to Santa, I'll ask for: white toast that's not sourdough; more pico de gallo with the wrap; paper towels in the bathroom.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,1/25/2013,154,72,,3,2>Since the very first day I ate at Rice, I was in Love! The ambiance, the great service and the sushi is fresh, unique and delicious. We used to save going here for special occasions and holidays but now that all sushi is HALF-OFF ALL THE TIME it's a wonderful delight! I was worried they may change their recipe or their flawless ways but it's seriously rich man sushi at a poor man's price. Even the wine and beer is affordable. Also,  I often notice that at least half the other customers are ordering non-sushi items so they must be good as well. Plus, you can reserve a private room (with a flat screen) for FREE for your next birthday or football get together. Check this place out for your next delicious sushi experience, you won't be disappointed. Oh Ya- They have a giant bowl full of fortune cookies on your way out so no one weill really notice if you take like 2 or 3   :P
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,1/24/2013,43,31,1,12,4>Amazing.  I actually physically crave the food here, and have made many demands when it comes to dining here :)  I am a vegan and feel well taken care of here with many many choices to choose from.  If you are looking for authentic, flavorful curries and dosas, this is the place!  Don't think twice about the location (in a strange strip mall) because it really is the best Indian food around.  I try not to order the same thing each time because everything on the menu will not disappoint.  They also have a traditional nan bread that is vegan friendly.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,7/30/2012,22,19,,5,2>I spent my first few months in SLC looking for the perfect local place to get a quality trim for a respectable price, preferably under $20. I even let my hair grow out for 2 months (which was FAR too long) because I'd failed to find anywhere outside of the inattentive Great Clips.  Alas, a casual search through nearby "Check-in Offers" on my phone turned up Jed's offer for 1 free shampoo scalp massage (take advantage of it!), so I decided to give it a go.Let me just say, my first time at Jed's had me walking out thinking, "Did all of that really just happen for $19 + tip??" First off, everyone is super friendly.  Josh was excited that I was a first time customer and took the time to explain how they operate and even shared the fact that the old barber chair they use for straight razor shaves was his grandfathers.  Very cool first impression!The atmosphere is fantastic.  The collage of black and white photography provides an artsy backdrop to the stylists diligently trimming your neckline with a classic straight razor.  No speedy cut with just the trimmers here. Each stylist/artist takes the necessary time to make sure you don't wake up the next day cursing a spot they missed.Now, onto the little perks of being a customer at Jed's that really make this a 5-star joint.  -Free neck trims between cuts whenever you feel like it-Neck and shoulder massage with your haircut-My favorite, the free old-fashioned soda you can help yourself to as you wait or snag on your way out the doorNeedless to say, I have become a regular at Jed's. I haven't taken advantaged of the straight razor shave yet, as I enjoy the warmth of my beard far too much during the winter, but I will be sure to check that experience off the list come summer. If you're a gentlemen that wants to get that old-timey feel and quality of a barbershop (and a mean sugar buzz), I'd recommend Jed's in a heartbeat.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,7/29/2012,14,42,,6,3>My husband and I love, love, love, love wine!  And, lo and behold, we discovered a winery right here in SLC!  The wine was as good as any that we've ever had.  We actually both really enjoyed all the wines that were offered for tasting which doesn't happen very often.  We walked out of the joint with two bottles which I can't wait to enjoy!  The best part is that the tastings are free, so if you're a wine lover or just curious about wine, there's nothing to lose by going out for a taste.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,7/28/2012,146,292,,5,5>It took me years to get around to trying Ville Bella, and it wasn't just the uncertainty of pronunciation that kept me away. It was the location. Actually, the location is pretty good. It's right off of Harrison across from WSU. The problem is that it is surrounded by the kinds of places that make me glad that I cook: Baskin Robbins and Jimmy Johns (formerly, there was a Starbucks, but it evaporated, and, frankly, that fact says much about the loveliness of CVB).Anyway, a friend who works at WSU took me to lunch and schooled me in the ways of (owner) Johnny's awesome, local, fresh, friendly, double awesome food and beverage emporium. I have only been for lunch, and lunch is a sandwich, salad, soup affair. Oh, and what a lusty, saucy affair it is. May I recommend the French dip and the shrimp bisque. "But, Johnny," I say, "do college students really order shrimp bisque?""They do once they taste it." This, I believe. My goal is to turn him to the Banh Mi side of the force.Even though I have a savory tooth, Johnny's desserts are also awesome. He specializes in cupcakes.He has all the espresso you need, and his wireless is free and fast.Also, if you're into scuttling butts, there's a rumor that his recipes come from his CIA trained wife. This is unverified, but I think about it while I'm chewing.Ogden doesn't have a ton to offer for lunch, so discovering CVB is huge, and apparently it will satisfy all of your breakfast needs as well.The only bad thing I've had there was a tomato on my sandwich ... in Utah ... in January. Rest assured, though, that a few moments chatting with the man who owns and operates the joint will lead to your general satisfaction.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/27/2012,48,176,4,3,3>I had to give Slackwater a second shot to prove to myself it was not a fluke that I had reached the nirvana of pizza.I tried the special, named the "Colt .45".  Don't ask me what was on it. Just ask me if it was awesome.  Why yes, yes it was.I used to run with some fine pizza chefs back in the "day" and can tell you divine pizza recipes can come from some serious partaking of a certain herb. If this is still the case, I expect to see a Hostess truck parked out back and a smoke shop opened up next door with the quality of these recipes.  Outstanding food, equally awesome wait staff, and a great feel of a restaurant.Welcome to the regular rotation of lunch spots.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,7/25/2012,42,124,2,4,4>My first introduction to SHCP was at a Yelp Elite event (which I also reviewed), but I wanted to go back to see how it REALLY was, in the light of day, away from all the hungry online reviewers. It didn't disappoint. Actually, it was pretty fantastic. I took some co-workers back not once but TWICE in the following week to sample my designer pizza, among other things. We ordered a few different pies, and they were all downright tasty. I didn't share the Chicago Dog with my co-worker either time - I think that's some sort of HR issue, so I didn't want to chance it - but it received rave reviews, even from the Chicago native. The service was a little slow on the first visit, but I think there was honestly ONE guy there who was handling the tables AND the kitchen. I won't dock any stars from my review though, because he was busting his ass to take care of everyone - including my unruly group. If I had to guess, the location puts SHCP in a tough spot; the foot traffic wasn't very heavy on either weekday that I was there, so it doesn't warrant having more staff on hand. It's probably not an issue until it gets unexpectedly busy.But don't let that deter you from checking this place out. The food, the service, and the prices all deserve kudos, plus they have Guinness! On tap! From what I've gathered, they've tightened up the menu and gained a little more focus as a result, and it shows. I don't know what it was like before, but they're on to something delicious here. It's some of the best pizza in town.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,7/24/2012,68,80,,7,4>Good old country fried lovin'!! As soon as you step inside these unmarked doors, you're welcomed with friendly smiles and southern charm. The decor is so awful it's actually pretty perfect. The customer service is beyond that of any other high-class snooty restaurant you'll find everywhere else. It's the kind of service that makes you feel like family. Add to that a dancing and singing cook, and you've got yourself the Mama's experience.Coming from Texas, I've tried my fair share of Soul Food restaurants. Mama's is just like any other I found back home. As described in her menu, Soul Food is the kind of food that "sticks to your ribs." This could not be more accurate. The Fried Chicken I had was traditional and delicious. Nothing fancy, but just like the kind my grandma used to make me as a child. The Yams were very sweet but soft and addicting. The Mac N Cheese was amazing. I couldn't have picked a better combo. Add to that the side of cornbread and I was in deep-south heaven. I topped off my meal with a dessert. Let me just preface this with one important point: I'm not a dessert person. However, I am completely obsessed with peach cobbler. I order it at every restaurant that offers it on the menu and have yet to find anything close to legitimate peach cobbler. Basically, I am a peach cobbler connoisseur. The Peach Cobbler at Mama's is one of the best I've tried so far in Salt Lake City. Their only flaw is the addition of pepper. I'm not a huge fan. Still, it's worth experiencing.Don't be fooled by the lack of signage on their store front (something that hugely bothers me as a professional brand-builder.) As exemplified by Mama's, it's the inside that counts.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,7/23/2012,197,177,2,4,3>Um...yum! After years and years of ignoring this dive-y little pizza joint, I asked the family if they wanted to try something new. Pizza was on my radar, big time. We walked in and were greeted by a very nice young man behind the counter. Another step in the door and we were blown away by the laser disc covers adorning every square inch of the walls. Okay, weird and outdated, but made for nearly an hour of entertainment while we ate. Oh yes, we ate! We kept it simple. Cheese pizza, one Philly cheesesteak sandwich and just as we were ordering a half order of bread sticks a passing customer hollered, "Get the whole order, you'll regret it later if you don't!" He couldn't have been more right! Buttery, garlicky goodness perfect with dipping sauce (ranch or marinara, we opted for both at an extra cost.) The pizza was simple, the crust was delicious, the sauce had perfect spice and topped with a little crushed red pepper flake it made for a very good slice. Hubby scarfed down the sandwich before I even had a chance to ask what he thought. Everything was thoroughly satisfying, the service was great and the leftover pizza reheated beautifully the next day.I love to support little locally owned places like Zeponie. They are consistently delicious. Check out their lunch specials, they are a great deal. Support local!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,7/22/2012,73,133,,7,3>Ah, the tea grotto. I loved the old location, it was big and airy, a good amount of tables to hang out and sip your tea. The giant chalk board that covered an entire wall displaying all the tea goodness available.  The new location, which is a dangerous block away from my house, is a bit smaller, but still open and now with a bar to sit at up front. There are a few tables in the room as well as a little nook of a booth to hide in and enjoy your beverage. The chalkboard is gone now, replaced by a sleek laminated menu, but the cold case of treats next to the register still offers enticing sugary delights.I didn't look over the food menu much since it was close to closing time and I just wanted my usual flavored chai tea, but a guy behind the counter was munching on some tasty looking vegetable pasta thing in a bowl that looked lovely.I'm excited to see the new location doing well already, it was still busy at closing time, and I am even more happy to have the chai tea continue to be the best I've ever had.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,7/21/2012,118,169,8,7,4>Have you ever met one of those people, or maybe you are one, who, when you first meet them, before they open their mouth, they just sort of put you off? OK, let's just say it, I'm talking about judging people by their looks here folks. Some people, just aren't attractive. But THEN, you get to know them, you talk to them and they are super interesting, humorous, upbeat, and fun to talk to! And you feel bad for judging.WELL, let's not make that mistake with Pho 33. OK, we all admit, she's ugly on the outside. But please give her a chance. The interior is surprising clean and orderly.  The staff are nice and very attentive. And the food is FANTASTIC.The first time in, I had a bowl of the chicken version of the Pho, whatever you call that. Hello, the bowl was gigantic! And it totally hit the spot. My next trip I got one of the noodle dishes. Sorry, I have no idea which one. But everyone at the table had something different, and it was all delightful. I found that out whether they wanted me to or not....except for that Keith...he kept his all to himself.So, you may drive by and not even notice it's actually a restaurant. Or it may not really look super 'in business'. But please, stop, park, and go in and give 'er a try. You'll be happy you did.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,7/20/2012,70,43,,6,6>So, so happy to welcome The Break Sports Bar & Grill to Daybreak's SoDa Row!We were big fans of Wabi Sabi & were sad to see them go - but I think that The Break is going to be a great replacement.  I want to see SoDa Row succeed & with great restaurants like The Break coming in, they just might.  It's definitely got a "bar" feeling, but don't discount them for food, too.  We both had amazing burgers & looking at the other food around the tables near us, I'm going to want to go back a bunch just to try everything!  It all looked great. They've got a bunch of flat screens & a huge HD projector.  Lots of tables & seating at the bar and a cool upstairs area with a few pool tables & places to lounge.  I can't wait to go back again with friends to hang out and have another beer while supporting a neighborhood establishment!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,9/28/2012,118,169,4,5,4>Um mmm mmm love it love it love it. So, finding a swimming suit in today's world is DIFFICULT. After searching high and low and finding only things that were too high and too low (or just plain frightening) I turned to the world wide web. I had heard of Lime Ricki as a brand and thought I'd see what was up. After perusing their site, finding all sorts of cute things, but starting to feel that worry creep in, knowing that I would never dare order such a thing without trying it on, I suddenly jumped from my chair and did a little jig. They have a STORE in Salt Lake. Wahoo.Walking in was sort of like arriving at the beach. It felt brighter, more fun, and relaxed. The sales staff were super duper nice, and as soon as they noticed I was holding a handful of stuff (ok, one of everything), they took it all to a dressing room and WROTE my name on it (on a cute little chalk board). No limits. No hauling stuff around a giant department store....my own labeled little room, all to myself, right in front of a full length mirror and a super comfy man chair (which was greatly appreciated by my fantastic hubby - seriously nice of him to come swimsuit shopping). I found the perfect skirty trunks to go with what I already had in mind for my top, and then couldn't pass up picking up one more top there, which, now, might be my favorite one.They did have a clearance rack with some cute items. The selection is a little limited if you're looking for lots of things to choose from...but it was all so cute, it started feeling a little bit too possible to take HOME one of everything. Their style is sort of retro, which I love and which makes modest trendy.Check it out. Just don't get the same suit as me if you're gonna look way better in it and wear it to the same place as me...OK?
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,9/27/2012,102,73,2,4,2>Reviewing the Red Iguana is a bit like shooting fish in a bucket...with a shotgun. It's hard not to get a great meal, and it's even harder not to write great stuff about it.So stop reading now if you're expecting a critical review. I'm a big fan of all things Iguanan (Red or Blue), and it's oh, so hard to find faults in that which is loved.This was my first time at the semi-new location for the Red Iguana on South Temple. The first thing I noticed when walking in was that while it was just as tightly packed as the old location, everything felt new and clean (not that the North Temple location isn't clean...), but still kept the same feel of a Mexican pop culture restaurant. It felt comfortable, in spite of how close tables and chairs were to each other.But enough about the interior design-let's talk food! I usually go straight to the mole section of the menu and pick something at random, but today something persuaded me to go out on a limb and try a new area of the menu. I didn't go too far out, though: I found a delicious sounding dish call Enmoladas in the "Marvels of Mexico" section...it had mole negro on it. I know, right?It was fantastic. The portion was not so large that I felt stuffed, but, as Goldilocks might say about the third bowl of porridge, was just right-neither too large nor too small. Three enmoladas-folded corn tortillas filled with refried beans-were centered on a warm plate, drenched with a generous portion of mole negro, topped with a mix of queso fresco cotija, and topped with pickled red onion. The plate was garnished with a pickled jalapeno.But you can get all that from a glance at the menu. What you can't get is that the mole was thick, faintly sweet, and tasted just barely of cacao, while the tortillas were fresh, as were the beans. I'm afraid that eating might have been difficult, but for some self discipline. My mouth was enjoying the delight.If you've not made it over to the South Temple location of the Red Iguana, take a lunch and head on over. The enmoladas will make the trip (short as it is) worth it.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,9/26/2012,100,149,,7,2>I think this place is massively under rated.  Its a shame these folks don't get more kudos, from their wonderful food to the completely humble and friendly owner operators.I think the location is the only thing holding these guys back, hanging on the end of a fairly run down strip mall, just off of state street - it doesn't immediately grab you as a place you would want to stop at.  If you do though, the food will reward you in bucket loads.This is a mom and pop operation and everything is made from scratch, with obvious love and care.  The menu highlights several Pakistani dishes you won't find in other restaurants around town. The lamb karahi gosht  is just heaven, perfectly butchered lamb in a thoroughly rich sauce with cardamom and cinnamon. The fact its only $11 is just crazy.  In fact all the prices here are crazy cheap, chicken tikka massala - $8.99.A few other highlights:  their tandoor meats are first rate, and again wayyy cheaper than other places around town.  Vegetable curries often use fresh vegis (okra curry, spinach curry).  If they had a liquor license and a better location, this place would be knocking on a five star for me perhaps.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,9/25/2012,103,85,5,7,3>Shave ice is an art form, and the folks down at Hokulia are truly making cold, delicious little works of art.  Actually, these puppies are anything BUT little.$2.75 gets you the smallest size- which is roughly the size of a toddler's head.  I can't imagine wanting to eat a bigger one, but perhaps great for sharing.  Especially since you can choose multiple flavors. You also have the option of ice cream or sweetened condensed milk, and about a million flavors, many of which I have never seen elsewhere.  Try the cinnamon!I have had plenty of shave ice, but the texture of the ice here is UNREAL.  You can't call it ice.  It's like little baby penguins in Antarctica took freshly fallen snow into an igloo and put it in a magical machine and out came Hokulia's shave ice. And who doesn't love baby penguins?
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,9/24/2012,99,162,5,15,9>My boyfriend likes to challenge my mind.  So, after 13 items - I think it was 13, but I could be mistaken due to vision clouded by food bliss - hand-delivered and rendered by the knowledgable and curteous waitstaff, he thought it would be cute to ask me to describe the experience in two words."Audrey. Hepburn." I said, without hesitation.  After his puzzled look concluded, I explained "I feel she is the icon of elegance through simplicity."  And what is this glorious establishment other than just that (in my mouth, of course)? I don't want to go into the specifics of the meal.  Why get you jazzed for something that may or may not be a part of the Chef's tasting that day?  Just know that their signature item, the soft boiled egg, is beyond par with whatever you dream it to be.Did I enjoy everything?  Yes.  Would I eat everything again?  Maybe not.  Part of greatness is defying expectation, and Forage most certainly took me to unexpected places.  They also kindly prepared everything Gluten-Free for me, which I much appreciate as I had always regarded GF existence as certain death prior to developing an auto-immune disease.  It doesn't have to be.Viet Pham, one of the acclaimed chefs of Forage, is likely to come to your table and chat with you.  For any food-o-phile, this is very exciting.  Let me tell you, this well of knowledge is as personable as he is awesome -- even in spite of my "Big City" pretension (sorry!).  His attention truly made my birthday meal that much more special.Best restaurant in Utah.  Hands. Down.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,9/23/2012,105,420,1,9,5>Only 4% of my reviews are for 5 star food. If DP Cheesesteak can't get one for an excellent rendition of a cheesesteak, how does this place rate better? They still have flaws. It's not quite as good, to me, as JohnnieBeefs, but in it's own way it's every bit as good. The entire experience and larger menu is better. Also, it's nearby. I like that. We need more places like this in Utah County. I was thrilled to see it packed today.This time around, the bread was better. The beef had more herbs and spice. The giardiniera left a tingle on the lips afterwards, but I think it's still too tame. However, I'm not likely the target market. I don't expect locals will allow it to be full strength, so I'm not going to hold it against the restaurant. Sometimes a place just has to make adjustments.  This one is reasonable. They've found a good balance. My only nit is that I still want a bit more juice to be soaked into the bread when it's wet. This time around, the giardiniera was pretty heavy on the oil that dripped out too.I think the only real issue I have is it's too dry and they still don't have an order of fries for one person. I brought a friend. He thought is was a great sandwich, but he commented, without me saying anything, he'd like a bit more juice too. I gave the original review 4 stars for promise.They've fulfilled the promise. There are very few really good sandwiches in town. This is one of them!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,9/22/2012,114,115,3,7,2>I've been hearing about these folks for awhile now but they've been sooooooo far away so when I heard they opened a SLC location I jumped right on it. I've read some of the negative comments at one of their other locations, this one was very positive. The folks were friendly, knowledgeable and a hoot to interact with.This place is tiny so I can easily see lines out the door when they get busy but that's only because the ordering counter is pretty much at the door so don't let the lines discourage you. There's about a dozen stools divided between two counters and a single two topper but thankfully there's some picnic tables outside. They have quite the selection of burgers. I grabbed the Awesome Aussie cause it had a fried egg, mushrooms and bac... oh wait a pickled beet. Not only was it a tall burger but the meat was hanging over the edge. It's the type of burger you're afraid to put down cause it may turn into a sloppy mess. The burger had a lot of flavors going on that the beef kinda got lost. It's definitely an above average burger but didn't knock my socks off.Had plenty of options when it came to a side and I settled on the battered fries. I'm glad I did because they were thick cut battered fries. Delicious. The fry sauce had a nice twang to it. Quite possibly my second favorite fry sauce.So the real reason why I came here, the famous pie shakes. I had to try my baseline flavor, mint oreo pie. Tonight's shake was hand scooped since their soft serve machine was broken. They made it to the perfect consistency for me, thin enough for a straw but plenty spoonable. (yes, I did make up a word) I can't wait to try a shark with a pastry crust to see how that goes. I'm giving them a half star for being open not just late but super late on weekends and for a good job the first week they're open. Be warned if you're in the mood for late night munchies, they are located right next to a nightclub. I can see this being the place for eats on weekends.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,9/21/2012,165,167,5,8,4>Disco Balls.Rap Battles.One Bathroom.Pretty much everything you need for a grand ol' urban time.  They do all kinds of performance things here, but I went for a hip hop night and it seemed well organized and everyone was respectful and there to have a good time and showcase/witness art.  I'd like to go again!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2012,9/20/2012,134,150,2,3,3>Vinh Long is an old timey oriental market with some unique things that I have no idea what their use is for in cooking.  If your momma is Thai, I'd take her here as there seems to be alot of unique thai spices like tree bark and chili paste with basil already in it.  Ditto if your momma is Vietnamese, you can find pre bagged whole Pho spice mixes here next to the produce area.  There are also HUGE chunks of real cinnamon, like an inch in diameter wide and 5 inches long.  I found one bag of dried lotus leaves.  The kitchen pot area has some interesting things too.The two coolest things I saw for sale were the fermented Tianjin pickle from China in a clay pot, and pickled whole green peppercorns still on the vine.  (Lotus of Siam in LV uses these in an awesome spicy beef dish)The vibe is nonchalance by the old people, and welcoming smiles by the youngsters, like the produce girl bagging basil who is probably working for free.  If you live nearby and just need a few things, check it out.  If you need to do a pantry restock, this will not fit the bill.  Prices are very fair. If you have gone everywhere looking for a special item, they just might have it here because of the random variety of Asian stuff for sale.  They even have a few colors of Bigen. (Japanese hair color)Lao cooking classes flyer posted in the window.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,9/19/2012,56,239,,3,3>I have visited this lovely coffee shop several times now and I absolutely love it! I think their coffee is one of the best tasting in town. I usually order a vanilla latte, and so far they have made it delicious every time. I love consistency. The baristas are pleasant and the place is big and bright. They have board games that you can borrow and play at your table which is kind of fun. The biggest cons are the limited parking, price is a bit high, and lack of wifi. Otherwise I will be back again when the hubs wants to play a game of chess over a nice cup of coffee.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,1/23/2013,131,102,,6,2>I adore this place.  I have been going here ever since I moved here three years ago.  I love the egg rolls and I adore the vermicelli salad dishes.  These are authentic Vietnamese dishes with a lot of food for not a lot of money.  I always order the egg roll vermicelli salad and I can never finish it.  It is so good that I always want to but it is too much food that I always take it home.  This places is great for inexpensive but very good food.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,1/22/2013,83,511,2,6,2>The BEST Pastry shop in Utah!!  OMG this place is so cute it takes me back to Paris where all the fresh pastries are made in house.  I hate dessert that looks yummy but tastes not so good.  This place looks good and tastes good. Yummy!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,1/21/2013,46,167,,9,4>There are two kinds of camping trips.  Real backwoods camping where you are truly roughing it (adult camping trips) and camping family style at a campground.  This is definitely the second type.  Pretty much every group here was a family with young kids.  If that's the kind of camping trip you're in the market for, The Spruces is an ideal campground.  It's got everything you'd want--fire pit, grill, picnic table, a paved parking spot for each site, a nice flat clearing for your tent, a spigot with fresh water, and nearby bathrooms with flush toilets.  Word to the wise though--not all sites are created equal.  I happened to drive up and stake out the sites before our camping trip and found a nice shady site, tucked away, near a creek.  You don't need to stake it out though.  Basically, when you're reserving your site online, they categorize the sites as basic site and preferred site.  Go with preferred.  I also like Area 2 best, especially if you plan on hiking Donut Falls, so I'd have to recommend that, but really, the whole campground is beautiful.  The spruces and aspens reminded me of being up at Glacier National Park, but this is only 15 miles from my house.  Unreal.  It was a great mini-getaway from real life!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/19/2013,56,239,,6,3>This restaurant really surprised me! I came here the other day with my family and we absolutely loved the food. My mom is Thai and cooks amazing Thai food, and even she was impressed! We ordered Lad Naa , Pad Siew, and Massaman Curry. Both noodle dishes were delicious and my sister really liked the curry. My mom kept telling the owner, Gong, how the Lad Naa tastes just like back home! For desert, we shared sticky rice with custard which was also very good. Price wise, this place can not be beat! We ordered a lunch special (which came with a salad), 2 entrees, 2 drinks, and a desert for a total of $31.45. This fed 4 adults, one toddler, and we had left overs (which later fed the hubs for dinner). This place is awesome.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2012,1/18/2013,109,387,6,7,5>get ready for an ethnic experience maaaan, cauz there ain't no forks in hurrr.Way fun experience if you have never had Ethiopian food before. Things that were remarkable (and excuse my awful ethnic challenged mind, but I do not remember the real names of every food item we had):- Almost everything is served with this kind of crepe/pancake/tortilla that has a very plain bread taste (its great that way so that you can taste the other important things), and you use it for everything - This can literally become your "utensil" to grab things with and then eat it all. Super eco-friendly (jk)- Their popular items, and that I would recommend considering I didn't know anything about this kind of food is to get the veggie and meat combos. They all come with a lot of food, and different things to try, so that the next time (if there's a next time) you can order something more specific.- We had 2 of their appetizers. One of them was a nice refreshing lentil kind of ceviche (without the meat or fish), that came with more of those "tortillas". And a soup that was made out of garbanzo beans I think... it was delish.It was 3 of us, and we ordered 2 appetizers, the meat combo, and the veggie combo, and we were full. So beware of ordering too much.Why am I giving it 3 stars instead of 4?3 main reasons:1.- NO MUSIC OR NOISE AT ALL. It was extremely quiet, so it was awkward to start the conversation, without feeling a bit hesitant about a topic, cauz it might be fine for you and your friends, but maybe not for your neighbor tables, which leads me to point 2. 2.- The tables are too close together, especially the ethnic section (yes, they have a section with traditional seating, which are these tiny tables, and chairs, which are Shweeeet) But those tables are so close to each other that makes the sitch a bit awkward with the neighboring table.3. They need more servers. The restaurant was almost packed and there was only one girl taking care of everyone. She was super nice, mad props to her, but it was a lot to take for just one person, so the service was a bit on the slow/careless side. Again, not the server's fault.Other than that, this place was bomb. A delight. We made our conversation happen no matter what, and then people started following the trend so everyone was being loud in the end, but we had to do some work for that to happen.Recommend it? YES. go. enjoy it. At least you tried it. ;)
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/17/2013,23,137,,5,4>I had my first bouncy house extravaganza at Jump Around Utah just this last week.  I had no idea this kind of place existed, and we will definitely be back. My 2 year really thought it was terrific.As the other reviews note, this place is pretty parent friendly. You can choose to jump around with your kid (at no cost, personally I got quite a work-out that way) OR you can choose to sit and surf the net or read while watching them (I envied the relaxed looks on many of those parents' faces.) They are even friendly if you forget socks. My guest didn't have any since I forgot to tell her.  I expected them to sell some ugly white socks, and was totally happy with the cute purple striped ones we got for a buck.I was a little leery of the non-bouncy play structure, since it looks a little experimental in its design. But I went up to the third level to help my son with something and realized it is basically fine.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,1/16/2013,69,191,,3,5>One of the best thing and one of scariest thing about moving to a new city is exploring the restaurant scene. You never know what may be out there. A great sushi restaurant is like the holy grail of a landlocked state. I was a little worried moving here but Naked Fish definitely eased any misgivings I may have had.First the atmosphere was modern and inviting. I saw some tatami style sitting (sitting on the floor) available. The service was fine, nothing too stellar.Now the food. We had the calamari appetizer and it was very flavorful, lightly breaded and fried just right. I had some nigiri and the fish were top rate. I also had the Miss Saigon roll. I tasted the unique flavors of Vietnam. I was impressed. A friend of mine had two other rolls: Coconut Shrimp and Caterpillar. Both tasted great.We also tried the premium sake flight and they were very tasty. This was up there with some of the great sushi places I have tried from LA to NY. A 5 star rating however have to wait for when I try Takashi and other noteworthy sushi places in town.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,1/15/2013,105,420,,11,7>It is right on the border of 5 stars. At some point I may change my mind and update the stars. I'm not going to do a play by play of the dishes since they change all the time. The egg dish does seem to be a regular. Ours was very good, but the egg was slightly curdled. The magic of the evening for us was a slightly smoked trout dish. It had wonderful flavors with beautiful acidity. Personally, I'd like a couple fewer courses. That would allow them to up the ingredient ante on the food.The facility is perfect. The service was nearly flawless. The wine pairings were very good and their handling of wine we brought was excellent. They use Riedel stems for the good wine.It's a really interesting concept for SLC. Take the multi-course, small plate, composed dishes of a Michelin starred restaurant. Figure out a way to maintain the creativity while dropping the price to a fraction of a starred restaurant. Then, figure out a way to get Salt Lake Diners to visit. They seem to have nailed things. They've had to dumb down the menu, but I understand that. In a real Michelin restaurant you would expect oily fish like sardines or mackerel, offal like heart, kidneys or sweetbreads, and parts like trotter, cheeks and brain. The only local places to try dishes like that have failed. Until then, we get a wonderful concept like Forage that is hobbled by what locals will eat.It's still darn good, and I will be back.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,1/14/2013,69,142,9,13,5>I was absolutely blown away by the latte i had at Jack Mormon on Saturday. Hands down the best latte I've had. Ever.Giving them 4 stars instead of five (maybe even 3.5) for their ridiculous hours. Mon-Sat 10-6.  I guess their main customer base is Mormon wives that don't work, because every single person i know goes to work before 10am... ergo people want their coffee earlier in the morning.  Also, how can you call yourself "Jack Mormon" and not be open Sundays??
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,1/13/2013,106,208,,5,2>I've only been here once, and it was a pretty good experience.  I love the fact that they emphasize their menu around hot pot, one of my favorite meals of all time by the way.  While I am partial to Cambodian hot pot, I do have to admit I love Vietnamese hot pot as well.  First of all, the thing I liked the most was the broth.  The spicy broth was my favorite, the Korean broth was tasty, however, if you're not a fan of kimchi or more sour tastes, you may be more partial to the spicy broth (more on the sweet side to me).  I really like the fact that you have so many options, and if you want, you can even split a hot pot with two different broths by this nifty divider.  The things that brought down my rating though, were the items to cook in the broth.  I wasn't a major fan of the prices for ordering various items individually.  So we ended up getting the chef's special which is a better value when you look at all that you get.  I was not a fan of the texture of the noodles, and it took a really long time to receive our requested rice.  The mussels came out with ice still on it, and the shrimp wasn't peeled (which is more of a personal preference thing).  Overall, I really enjoyed Saigon Hot Pot, and I really enjoy the fact that everything is customizable.  I just wish they would change their noodles...
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/27/2014,1481,94,10,17,13>What is Bird & Barley? Think permanent food truck of delish all-american comfort food.   Great new restaurant in the old Wok Away space that celebrates convenient comfort food in a  casual setting. Glad to see Wok Away finally walked away, especially since it provides Bird & Barley a home. Ocean of easy parking because its in a strip mall.  Tables outside just like nearby Sammy's Bistro (same owner) and Chubasco. Inside are a couple upscale picnic benches to dine in.      Simple elegant menu on the wall. Order at the register.  I did not choose the crab cake po'boy; the crabcake po' boy chose me.  It came on perfectly toasted sourdough bread that was not too thick nor too bready/glutenly/chewy (as often the case). The sandwich was stuffed with two large crab cakes that were chock full of tender chunks of blue crab held together with the perfectly herbed crispy bread crumb batter. No unnecessary ingredients; excellently balanced. Would still be considered 10 out of 10 even if served in Maryland on the waterfront during a crab cake competition. The sandwich was so good that I decided to order more food to go-- baby back ribs which came with two sides selected from: french fries, sweet potato french fries, mac n' cheese, string beans, roasted beets, mashed potatoes, broccoli slaw, and corn on the cob.  Decisions, decisions.  The broccoli slaw had an amazingly flavorful mildly acidic vinegar kick that knocked it out of the stadium. The roasted beets were ruby red and yellow gems with a light salt/pepper dusting. The baby back ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender with a tasty memphis-style BBQ sauce. Can't wait to try the namesake bird (i.e., fried chicken!).Also can't wait to eat there while enjoying a namesake barley-based drinks (i.e., beer!) which are not yet available. Typical all-american soda selection and water are it for now.  A family pack meal is offered which just means triple serve size portions of the same options. Which would make for a nice no fuss picnic fare take-out order. Unlike Mick Jagger, vegetarians can find satisfaction in a 3 sides option and also a "superfood" salad. Watched some World Cup on a ginormous hi-def television that shortened the already short wait for my order.  Everything was served hot and ready to comfort. The "comfort food" description is apt-- my meal provided more comfort than a lazy boy recliner. According to wikipedia, "comfort food is traditionally eaten food which often provides a nostalgic or sentimental feeling to the person eating it...."  Bird & Barley is just that sort of trigger to evoke fond memories of good times. Or simply eat there to make new ones!Good times!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,9/26/2014,68,229,1,6,6>Atticus is a super fun spot in a great location!  Wandered in on a Wednesday morning, when almost every other shop on Main Street was still closed.  We loved hanging around on the mismatched furniture, sipping our drinks. It's the kind of place that makes you feel about five times cooler just for being there.I was drawn in by the promise of books, which Atticus definitely has in spades.  Though they only take up a small corner of the shop, there is a wide array available, both used and new.  There is also a wonderful assortment of greeting cards and stationary.  Atticus also sells a small selection of handcrafted jewelry and leather bound journals, which I loved looking at.After hanging around in Atticus for a few minutes, it became clear that we couldn't skip out on the stuff they were selling at the cafe.  My friend ordered a Boo Radley bar, which seemed to have a little of everything, and a chocolate chip cookie that he claims is the best he's ever tasted.  I ordered a plain bagel with cream cheese and a cup of fresh-squeezed orange juice.  The bagel was great, but the cream cheese was actually amazing.  I think they must make it in-house.  I liked my orange juice a lot, but after perusing photos on Yelp, I wish desperately that I'd ordered the red velvet mocha.  Next time.I will return to Atticus at every available opportunity.  It is definitely Utah's premier To-Kill-a-Mockingbird-themed coffee and used book shop!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,9/25/2014,395,95,5,6,5>The Mr. Kim burger is a win! The kimchi added a nice twist to an ordinary burger. If they added an option for a spicier version it would make it even more enticing. I'm pretty excited to try some of the new offerings on the coming soon menu like the Bulgogi sandwich. Sounds fantastic but maybe call it the Bulgogi burger or better yet the Kalbi burger!  As far as side dishes go I had coleslaw which was ok but nothing special. I think adding some authentic Korean side dish options would cater to the Korean burger fusion idea. Maybe some straight up kimchi, radish, and potato pancakes. Add some boba teas as a drink option and this place would be packed! As far as ambiance goes I think some fun background pandora music would add energy to the environment. A little polish and this place could be my new burger hang out. I'll be back for more.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,9/24/2014,32,61,1,3,3>This place is great!! Stopped in around 4:30 on a Thursday and it was surprisingly busy for the time, and I soon found out why.The server was really nice and helpful, told us some of the most popular items and some of his personal favorites. He kept our waters full and checked in occasionally to make sure we were doing alright.My husband and I split the Chicken Pad Thai and the Massaman Curry and both were delicious. Pad Thai is my absolute favorite, but that curry was down right amazing!! Creamy with a could amount of spice. Both dishes had generous portions and were more than enough to fill up on. The Pad Thai had a lot of carrots and sprouts, which was nice because some places skimp on the vegies. The noodles in the dish were a little different, wider, than usual but still really good. The dish was also a little less sweet than most places and I liked that a lot.The prices are really reasonable, they have a large lunch menu special for 6.99 that I will for sure be back to check out.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/23/2014,87,130,5,7,5>To quote the famous Tom T. Hall Country Western song, "I like beer. It makes me a jolly good fellow. I like beer. It helps me unwind and sometimes it makes me feel mellow." But the real truth of the matter is, unlike Mr. Hall, I like GOOD beer. I like the term beer geek, as opposed to beer snob, because I'm not above drinking a store-bought lager once in a great while. But I do love handcrafted, well made, good beer, made with fine traditional ingredients. And preferably I like to patronize the local craft beer industry where I can.Not only was I raised around a family that enjoyed good beer, my maternal grandmother was actually a brewer of some very good quality homebrew, and it was a family favorite for many decades. When the craft beer explosion took root in Southern California, I became a big fan of Stone Brewing Company and their fine ales and beers, also, Pizza Port, who makes some of the best beers in all of the land. Of course I had friends up north in Chico California the home of Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, the brewers of a full-flower hopped Pale Ale which has swept the entire country, and is available just about in any state in the USA now.I spent a long four years exile in India, and that has to be, if not beer hell, at least it's ale Purgatory. There are no decent beers made in India, and the imports that are brought in are fairly pedestrian, and really not worth wasting the calories on. Not being sure what the beer situation would be when I moved to Salt Lake City in May of this year, I was little bit apprehensive, having only heard of the 3.2 percent beer that is sold here, and the 4.0 percent alcohol by volume limit on tap beer. How wonderful it was for me to find Epic and Uinta and the rest, all being sold in great quantities in all of the bars and state run liquor stores.My wife and I had two business associates of hers in town the other night, one of them was actually from India, so we were looking for a new place close to home that might be good for everybody. What a treat it was to be turned on to this wonderful little neighborhood restaurant or, as they call it, gastropub, and find that they had 22 ounce, as we call them in the beer-geek world, bombers, of all of Epic classic beers including my absolute favorite that they brew, their Hopulent India Pale Ale. By the way, there is no India Pale Ale, IPA, in India. But that's a whole different story for another time.The menu had so many great looking items that you it was difficult to choose, but 3 of the 4 of us, had the burger. This was an excellent choice. As it turned out, all three of the burgers were ordered to be cooked different ways. Sometimes, as you know, this can be a problem as they try to bring the meal out to the customer all at once. So what you end up with his eyes are three well done burgers or three very rare burgers. Each of our burgers were cooked to perfection, the way we ordered them, and I have to say is that this may have been one of the most juicy and delicious burgers I have had in some time.Our Indian guest... not being a pure vegetarian, but still not eating beef, ordered the grilled chicken and it looked really spectacular. The french fries were cooked crispy and tender at the same time, and by the time you finished the whole plate of burger and fries and a couple of their large bottled beers, you can wind up being pretty stuffed. I ordered my burger the way I usually do, animal style, that is sometimes called caveman style, with no bun, but with lettuce leaves in place of the bread or bun. No problem. They knew exactly what I was talking about.It seems that this place will be very popular, because it is located in a very nice part of town, and since it is so close to our house, I am certain that we will be back. If for nothing else, to grab a couple of the 22 ounce Hopulent IPAs after a hot summer day. Well done Epic Annex!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/22/2014,48,148,3,5,2>So I've been looking for a good hang-out place since we've moved down to this area and I believe I've found it! A Bar Named Sue has free (yes, I said free) shuffleboard, pool, table tennis, and a jukebox. Yeah, the jukebox is free also. They also gave us a container of the silicon balls for the shuffle board table! Most other places I've been to just expect you to use your credit card to scoop it up out of the gutters.I could see how this place could get a bit crazy on a busy night, but we sat and played shuffleboard for a couple of hours and the place didn't get overly crowded (though, we did leave before the karaoke started, so perhaps that's when most of the crowd shows up).I ordered the ring of fire burger with the fries. Boy they were not joking around with this burger, it had some heat to it! I loved it. I gave a bite to my fiancee, who was instantly unhappy with me for not warning her that she would immediately want to guzzle a gallon of water. ^_^ good times. I loved the deep-fried jalapenos on it, nice touch, but not for the faint of heart. It's definitely a burning ring of fire. The fries were also great. Thick but crispy and well seasoned.The fiancee ordered The Old Sun burger. She actually gave me a bite and it was very good. Unfortunately, she only let me have one bite. She had the macaroni and cheese as the side and again, she only let me have one bite... how unfair! :POverall, we had a great experience. We played free shuffleboard while enjoying good food, good music, and decent prices. The servers were great too. Attentive and helpful, I wouldn't have even noticed the jukebox if one of them hadn't pointed it out. It isn't your typical stand-out jukebox, it's just a touch-panel on one wall. And as one would expect, they do have Johnny Cash on it :D
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,9/21/2014,83,511,3,2,2>Booze at a Farmers market? AWESOME!  But it is really family oriented providing children fun things to do.  Noticed that the vendors have better things then the past.  I think one year this lady was selling these crazy dolls that she claimed look real.  Huh honey, no.  Place gets busy and walking can be a issue because people just stop in the middle of walk way.  Great people watching.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,9/20/2014,25,84,1,2,3>Top 3 Reasons:1. It's close. Only 20 minutes from SLC.2. No crowds. Most times there's only one or two other people there. Other times I've been the only one on the whole lake.3. No powerboats. One can paddle, sail, float or fish with just the chirping of the birds and the buzzing of the bees.It's a stressful world. I need to get away, take a break and gather my wits. I hop on I-80 EB from SLC and head up Parleys Canyon to the East Canyon exit. The air is cooling and the scenery is beautifying. When I look out my passenger window, an inviting reservoir of limpid azure lies below. Already here; that was fast. The guard at the gate gives me a wave and I roll down to the south launch. Only one other car in the parking lot so it's business as usual around here. I gather my kayak and gear and then launch into the lightly lapping waters of Little Dell. With a smooth stroke I cross the lake at its widest. Upon entering Beastly Bay, I immediately see a great blue heron. He indicates that he sees me too with a flap of his massive wingspan as his gawky figure takes to the air. I follow his flight pattern with my eyes till I can't turn my neck anymore. Amazing. Down the shoreline I pass Bippy Bluff and the Neadow Meadow. A drinking deer escapes to the woods as I cruise by. I take a few minutes to put down my paddle and ponder as the gentle waves coax me along the steep shore. On the north end there's obvious signs of beavers where Dell Creek feeds into the reservoir. The wind picks up and the waves are beginning to don their afternoon whitecaps. It'll be a workout to get back but I'm a seasoned paddler. As the sun dips lower in the afternoon sky, the swells shimmer and sparkle blinding me after every stroke. I find a good rhythm and return to the launch, cool, calmed and collected. The sturdy concrete ramp shows me the way back to my conveyance. The other car has left. The sun is escaping behind the mountain so I take a seat on the pew that is my tailgate. Maybe I'll stay here just a wee bit longer.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,9/19/2014,63,73,6,5,4>This place is big, clean, and nice. I like how wide the aisles are and how neatly organized the store is. The decor is nice and updated compared to other Asian groceries. Prices are hit or miss. Some things are a little more and some a little less than the competition. What I like about this place is that it's in a small plaza with other Asian restaurants. I'm looking forward to coming back.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,9/18/2014,235,367,9,8,4>Imagine that Chipotle and Oh Mai had a baby. And that the baby was delicious, healthy and very reasonably priced. Hubby and I finally tried Zao today and had the chicken and rice bowl. I had mine with lemongrass chili sauce and he ordered the spicy curry, but was misheard and got the lemongrass too. Hence, one star off of an otherwise lovely experience. The decor was pleasant, and though I don't drink soda I appreciated the "natural" ones on offer.With this addition, the shopping center on 4th south between 600 and 700 E (apparently I speak Utahn now) is sort of a big outdoor food court. Between Zupas, Limone, and Noodles, there are treats for every taste.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,8/5/2011,114,115,9,12,6>If there were a thing called artisian donuts, this place would be the poster child. What really sets these folks apart is the different doughs they use to make their large variety of fried goodness. Sure there are these trendy donut shops that looks cute but have no substance and are waaaaay overpriced. Banbury has been doing the exact same thing for decades, when you found perfection, don't mess with it. Among my favorites are: Bavarian cream filled, rosette for all it's pointy ended crispies, pinwheel, old fashioned and who can pass up a bag of donut holes. If you really want a sugar rush, go for the apple fritter. Their staff can be a little hit or miss but I guess if you've been slinging dough since midnight, you can be a little grouchy when 7am rolls around. Unlike some other shops, they make enough so that when you get the midday donut urg, your favorite is still likely to be there. PS. Their donuts have caused my donut if you know what i mean.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,8/4/2011,1710,637,1,13,6>02.10.11 first visitambience: Bservice: A-food: Athe key to the success of this restaurant is high quality ingredients that are fresh. sidenote: i've noticed one main difference in most korean restaurants. some serve dry, tough meat, and others serve good quality tender cuts. jap-chaei've never had good jap-chae. until korea house. the dish was a pleasant surprise and quite wonderful. slightly sweet, and deliciously savory. i enjoyed the consistency of the noodles, medium size clear noodles. shiitake mushrooms and REALLY great beef. in speaking with the chef, she indicated that the beef she uses costs $5 per lb! kimchi chigeFULL of tofu, kimchi, pork, and veg. nice. galbee marinated/bbq'd short rib. delicious.overall: A-QUALITY is the word i'm using for this restaurant. solid korean cuisine. GO.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,8/3/2011,434,167,6,8,8>Mmmmmm... gyros. I have been turned from chicken to the traditional gyro meat.. the sweet sweet lamb. All it took was one bite of Manfriend's gyro... I messed up. Should've gotten the real deal, not the chicken.     I can't lie, I was actually planning on going to City Greek, but upon arrival, (at 7:30 this evening), they were closed. :( One sign on the door read "OPEN MON-SAT til Midnight. The other said City Greek is CLOSED). It confused me, and made me rather sad. But the second, more grim sign was no lie... they were dark and empty. I wasn't super excited about coming to Souvlaki, since I had tried the food at another location, and while it wasn't bad in any way, it just wasn't that great.    This time, I knew I needed to order something gyro-related, so I ordered the chicken gyro plate, while Manfriend ordered the gyro plate. The amount of food they give you for 8 bucks or so is a good deal.. I am insanely stuffed right now. The plate comes with a gyro, fries, rice, and salad. The salad is pretty blah, standard iceberg, a cucumber slice, and croutons. The rice is delicious, light and lemony. And the fries... oh the fries! Crispy and delicious... perfectly cooked, in my opinion. I didn't get to try the raved about fry sauce, because it wasnt included in my order. =/   Get the gyros with the white sauce... I don't even know what the red sauce is or tastes like, but you want the white sauce. The chicken gyro is ok... the chicken chunks are spiced nicely and tender, and it also includes zuchinni, onions, and tomatoes. But that lamb gyro.... oh god. The meat is super tender and spiced PERFECTLY... I kicked myself for not ordering it myself. Next time, Souvlaki! (Does anyone else just enjoy saying that?)    I also ordered a half-size of the doughnuts... meh. I thought they would be a bit softer, perhaps a little less... greasy? I'm not sure, they just weren't superb to me..   The service is well... slow. It took quite some time to get our to-go order... about 25 minutes, actually. I'd be upset, if it weren't for that damn gyro...
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,8/2/2011,46,167,2,4,2>This is a great car wash. Much more personable than Sonic--where I used to go before I moved to this area. If you're just getting a car wash, you just stay in your car, drive onto the car wash and put your car in neutral. It will move you through and you'll come out sparkling clean. Sometimes they towel dry me--I don't think it's standard with the basic wash, but they do it sometimes anyway. Then I pull in to the "free" vacuum area and voila! Drive away happy. Great service, great indoor seating area if you're getting some detailing things done. Washes are offered in packages, and gift cards available too. Loving it!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,8/1/2011,63,225,2,5,4>What a cool neighborhood bar and restaurant! We had a wild hair to go out at 10:30 on a Thursday night. We trudged in the rain down to Fiddler's Elbow in Sugar House down a small alley and were surprised to find it somewhat happening!The guy at the host stand had to scan our driver's licenses before we could sit down- not sure if that is specific to this bar or if it is a Utah thing, as we have not been to many bars here. Our out-of-state IDs did have not barcodes on the back, so it took him a little longer to write down all of our information. Felt bad about that. :o/We siddled up to the bar and placed our order. Beer on tap for my boyfriend and a tomato juice vodka for me, which by the way, is not a Bloody Mary.While we waited for the attentive bartender to bring our libations, we checked out the rest of the restaurant. There is a large screen tv almost immediately when you walk in, surrounded by overstuffed leather couches- this looks like a perfect place to camp out on a Sunday afternoon. There were also a couple of pool tables toward the bar side of the place. Booths and tables filled out the resturant side of things. It wasn't a huge place, but seemed cozy and comfortable.Our drinks were fine and very decently priced. I think it was about $12 for 4 drinks. The guy we'd talked to in the beginning with the ID situation told us that they share a kitchen with Salt Lake Pizza and Pasta, so in addition to their own menu(which I found surprisingly extensive with plenty of vegetarian and even vegan options!), they could make anything from SLP&P's repitoire as well! He also said they are known just as much for their food as they are for being a bar, so that's good to know!Overall, cool vibe here. The bartender was at the other end of the bar, telling dirty jokes to some guys who looked like they'd just turned 21. There was a large party in one of the corner booths who were celebrating a birthday. There were a couple of guys playing darts and watching ESPN. We just sat the bar for an hour or so and didn't feel out of place. And I definitely see us coming back!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,7/31/2011,106,206,,8,5>Love love love love love love love this place already.Looking back on other yelpers reviews, it seems that service (and maybe food?) can be inconsistent, but we had a terrific experience here.  As a new transplant to SLC, one thing that I've missed about San Diego is my own personal comfort food- Japanese.  Not sushi, but traditional Japanese dishes like... grilled mackerel.Now, let me tell you about my grilled mackerel experience at Kyoto.  First of all, absolutely delicious.  Next, 4 pieces of fish.  I thought I had gotten a WHOLE mackerel or something.  A large container of grated daikon. A huge slice of lemon. And then a huge pile of tempura onions and yams- like Japanese onion rings and sweet potato fries.  And then add rice, salad, and miso soup.  All of that for less than $20.  I had my sister and husband help me out and I still had enough for another meal.  My husband and sister got sashimi, which from what I could tell, was of fairly decent quality.  They also received quite hefty portions- we all left really stuffed. They have sake- yay!  We were a little disappointed by their "large" hot sake, which wasn't as large as we had hoped.  Also, the salad... it was basically just pieces of iceberg lettuce drowned in some sort of mayonnaise-y sauce.  Definitely not my favorite. Their booth seating is faux-Japanese style, meaning that it looks like you'll be sitting on the ground but there's a hole in the ground for your feet.  Decor and atmosphere were also wonderful- peaceful and welcoming.  Our server was super sweet- service was terrific.They do take-out, and I know that I'll be back after work all the time.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,7/30/2011,81,221,,9,9>Took full advantage of the Yelp Eats week menu at Atlantic Cafe and loved every second! The atmosphere is fabulous...we sat outside each meal (4 times in all) and felt as though we were dining in Europe. The sights, sounds and of course, smells, brought back that nostalgic feeling of being in a bustling city. The owner is an adorable man that took time to visit with us over breakfast pitas and sandwiches. After a few long days at work, we found ourselves coming back each evening for the perfect light, and affordable meal. It definitely doesn't suck eating nutella crepes 3 nights out of the week.Without the Yelp menu, I thought the prices were a bit high. However, I noticed the portions are huge for regular menu selections. There is no question that I will return and once again, allow myself to be fully enveloped by the European charm of this restaurant.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,7/29/2011,375,534,,8,8>There are a dozen reasons for you to visit downtown's antique row and Retro Rose is one of them.  A moderately priced shop touting an extra large assortment of vintage and antique goodies-- from first edition cookbooks to 70s tableware to old leather cowboy boots.  My head was spinning the first time I stepped into the shop-- there was literally too much stuff to look at.The good thing about this place is that while it's packed with things, there's an order to the chaos.  It'll take a couple trips to soak it all in, but that just makes it all the more fun.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,7/28/2011,63,97,,11,6>At 34 years old I was a little worried about taking my first dance class. However, the staff is great! There are dancers of all skill and age placed into appropriate dance classes. The adult open level ballet class that I started with was perfect for me. The owner, Stephanie, teaches the  class  I am in and will take the time to explain the move if I need. I have also taken a make-up class from Kim who was just as good and knowledgable. Since my first class I have added a stretching class that has helped to improve my flexibility.My nieces are in a Mommy and Me  class at TLC  and last night were showing off their sweet dance moves by frog jumping, marching, and walking backward across the room. They are 2 years old. They talk about dance class a lot. It is adorable and improving not only their locomotor movement but social interaction skills as well.  The staff are all very friendly and helpful. Not only do they have ballet for all ages, but they also have acting, musical dance theatre, tap, jazz, modern, pointe, and offer a group voice lesson I will try next. The price is very reasonable for classes.Highly recommend.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,7/27/2011,41,30,,5,4>I just returned from a trip to Cataract Canyon with Holiday, and all I can say is that it was incredible. The whitewater and the scenery were all great as expected, but the guides and the rest of the Holiday Crew really made it memorable. Our party was waited on hand and foot. The food was delicious every day, especially the steaks on the last night. All our guides were great, especially LB, the one on my boat. He had about 8 years of experience and we all felt really comfortable with him. I really don't have anything bad to say about this company or the trip. I would recommend it to anybody if you're interested in a fun time with great people and awesome service.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,11/10/2013,5,186,,6,3>All my favorite stuff!  All different kinds of apples, greens, squash, onions, sprouts, Amour Spreads, Mamachari Kombucha, Tagge's jams and salsas, Laziz products, PopArt, Allgood, beef, eggs, fermentation kits, caramel apples, and tons more.  Cheeses I remember seeing: Beehive, Oolite, Heber Valley Artisan.  Super helpful staff.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/9/2013,1481,94,6,14,12>Hours later I can still feel the fresh pesto coursing thru my veins (as I write this review).The shop itself is easy to miss.  Even though we were looking for it, we drove right by.  Friends do not let friends yelp and drive.  I like the name but the logo with three green leaves could confuse for a head shop.Large outdoor partially fenced-in seating area with nice clean picnic tables.  The fence has room for a small dog or puppy to sneak under if they wanted to micturate on a nearby tree.To get to the front entrance door required a short walk up a small staircase to the entrance landing.  Awesome small space that gave off a greenwich village meets Berkeley vibe.  A bookrack on the wall had books by notable social activists, such as Noam Chomsky and Howard Zinn, available to browse.  Well-managed with an eye for detail. The inside was clean enough to make microchips.  The paperless ipad payment transaction system was awesome.  The future is now!  We arrived a few minutes after they had opened and already people were ordering lunch and a car pulled up for a take out order.  The overhead chalkboard menu was easy to read and perfectly whelming.  The hardest part of ordering was that every offering was equally tempting. Fortunately, the gentleman behind the register (literally an ipad in this case) helpfully shared details and gave wonderful suggestions.  Complimentary water was serve-it yourself in clean clear cafeteria style plastic glasses.  A small commercial beverage fridge near the entrance had cans of san pellegrino sparkling juices, hansen natural sodas, yerba mate and more.  Culinary herbs in planters lined every window were a wonderfully inviting decorative touch.  Someone quipped about reaching out to yank off an extra basil leaf as a sandwich upgrade.:::: Zucchini Chocolate Chip Cookie :::::I tried to take a tiny bite, containing little more than one chocolate chip,  as sample while the rest of our order was being completed.  Like brains to a zombie, I was unable to stop myself and consumed the entire cookie.  More importantly this solves the philosophical question of why humanity exists. My  first bite coincided with the following  flash of insight: zucchini and chips were always meant to be together so we are simply the anabolic enzyme to catalyze this teleological reaction.    The cookie price was such a bargain that I considered buying  the entire glass jar and standing outside to arbitrage them.  But then I realized that I would not have the will-power to avoid 'eating my profits.'  Seriously though, these cookies are more than just a cookie-- they are a special kind of cookie.  Pee-Wee Herman married his fruit salad.  I'm just sayin'.Be forewarned as you will likely find yourself experiences some strong emotions after you eat these ridiculously good cookies.  Allow me to walk you through what to expect (based on my personal experience):  you will  lament the bittersweet knowledge that these cookie's ultimate-in-deliciousness, like all amazing experiences, cannot last forever.  Therefore you will quietly break out into humming a variation of any popular musical ballad about yearning or lost love:  DaylightSee the dew on the sunflowerAnd a rose that is fadingRoses whither awayLike the sunflowerI yearn to turn my face to the dawnI am waiting for the day . . . to order another of these cookies!::: Barbacoa Burrito :::This burrito, an absolute vegan culinary masterpiece, would easily win the season finale of any of the cooking competition shows that are the rage.  Not at all spicy on its own; the gratis rooster sauce condiment cured that deficiency.  The flour tortilla exoderm was super-fresh, not oily, chewy, and thin (but not fragile)-- delicious!   Each solitary bite was bursting with delicious complex flavors.   Here is a filling analysis:1. Grilled jackfruit (huh?) and black turtle beans made it a full meal.  2. Red cabbage provided a regal crunch to each bite. 3. Guac was the melodic tang to this percussive yin.  4. Faux sour cream balanced the filling moisture content.  5. Finally, a potent smoky chipotle/ginger salsa elixir were speed metal arpeggios of traditional barbacoa flavor.::: Pesto Sub :::    A hearty sub to fill the hearts of vegan sandwich snobs everywhere with delight! Chock chock chock full of freshest walnut/basil pesto on freshly baked bread that seems more french than sourdough. Order extras to go for anyone you want achieve pesto breath parity before kissing.  If hungrier then go for the sub over the burrito-- its a bit hardier.   The only downside to the whole experience was when the friendly staff explained that it was the one year anniversary of the business-- yet they did not offer any cake on their dessert menu.  Going by the cookie, their cake would have been spectacular. Perhaps next year?..Buds, with its healthy delicious fresh fast food, is proof that the universe is alive and cares about us and wants us to be happy.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,11/8/2013,160,294,3,6,5>Another Thai resto makes its way into the South Salt Lake Valley. This time, it's a sister to a popular downtown location, and a worthy addition to the local Thai scene.We did take-out, so our critique is solely food related.We began with their Fresh Spring Rolls, which is always a crapshoot. Oftentimes spring rolls are either too small or too overstuffed and incapable of staying within their wrapper, or include tasteless, inadequate interiors, or don't come with proper peanut sauce. Not here - these are very good, well-rolled, large rolls which you cut in half to eat, with your choice of shrimp or tofu inside. They included three different dipping sauces in our order, which were all fantastic. The peanut sauce was perfect; the hoisin plum sauce was a refreshing change; and the sweet chili sauce was good enough to drink.Entrees for the evening were Chicken Panang Curry (medium spicy) and Red Curry Chicken (medium spicy). When I ordered, they explained that their heat scale included three levels: mild, medium, and hot. She also explained that on their scale, mild is a zero or one (no spice), medium is a five (mid-level), and hot is a ten (extreme heat). I don't really understand why they can't customize it beyond that, but we reluctantly ordered medium thinking we'd see how much heat their medium packed. We are typically fans of heat levels in the neighborhood of seven/eight, and their Medium seemed more like a three/four to us. Next time, we're going balls out with Hot. Also on our menu for the night was something I don't usually order - Mango Sticky Rice. I find it mostly too sweet and mushy everywhere. Theirs was good, relatively. I made it through four or five spoonfuls before it was too much, and I remembered why I don't order it.All in all, this was delicious Thai food. I'm interested to eat-in next time and try their Kaow Pad Sub Pa Rod and other curries. Nice menu, not overpriced, good portions. Two thumbs up.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/7/2013,30,97,5,7,5>I loved this place. Yay! A new, rave-worthy downtown lunch option. From the outside, Spitz looks like just another quick food stop, but go inside and you find you're in for a far more engaging experience. Maybe it's the sprawling light fixture over your head or perhaps it's the unique tabletops and varied seating arrangements to choose from, but it's not just an everyday lunch place.The food all tasted fresh and made to order. The portions are generous and the menu is just a step below gourmet. I got the salad and loved it. My friends got the wraps and couldn't stop nom-nom-ing.The prices are a bit high for me to sustain for lunch everyday, but you definitely get what you pay for in taste and ambiance for so it'll be a mandatory once-a-week visit for me.Bottom line: Whether you work downtown or not, go out of your way to get a taste as this is a must-do food visit.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2013,11/6/2013,64,99,,3,3>Johnny's on Second is your quintessential dive bar.  You can get cheap booze and somewhat delightful conversation from the regulars, but I usually bring my own friends.  It is centrally located to downtown Salt Lake City and near many other bars in case it is not your style.  The full bar is fairly cheap and they even serve some food.  They have the $4 shot and beer that you can upgrade the pint to a stein for another $1.  Go for it and get the upgrade.  The bathrooms are to be avoided and the felt is often missing on the pool tables, but there is something charming about this bar.  I will often start here on a night out just to get it out of the way.  They have street parking and outdoor seating.  So get out of work early and swing by Johnny's to get the $4 beer and a shot before dinner with the significant other or the work party.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,11/5/2013,221,489,,3,2>I've been going to this gym for a year now, so maybe I should review it. The main reason I go here is for the boot camp classes. For whatever reason, I seem to get a much better workout when someone is telling me what to do and yelling at me to push harder. When I work out alone, I tend to find myself slacking off. I'll be all, "Oh, NOBODY'S gonna know that you didn't do that last set of squats. C'mon, you just had a long, arduous day of sitting on your ass attempting to forecast the weather. You deserve to reward yourself." Of course, I was "rewarding" myself every time I went to the gym.So I started going to boot camp here. I pay $35 a month and not only do I not have to worry about planning my own workout ("Should I do tricep kickbacks or pulldowns today? I DON'T KNOW!!") but there's somebody there to make sure I do all my damn sets. When I first started going it was sometimes difficult for me to get to the classes each week because they were only at limited times (and my work schedule is overly cray). But now they offer the class three or four times on most days, so I have no excuses. The quality of the workout, of course, depends on the instructor you have, and they've gone through several during the time I've been going. First it was Nate and Clare, and Nate was good and motivating but Clare seemed like she'd rather be just about anywhere else. But now Nate just does personal training and Clare is at some other gym. So now Reggie teaches most of the classes, and Reggie is the bomb. Reggie kicks my ass just about every time I go in but for some reason I keep coming back. Probably because I'm seeing real progress. It's weird the ways that you see progress from this stuff. There's not a lot of straight cardio, but it definitely improves your endurance. When I started, I struggled to run a mile without stopping at a 12:00 pace. After several months of boot camp, I went on the treadmill to see how much I could do at that pace, and found I could do about three miles without stopping. That was weird. And that brings me to another point. I've spent all this time talking about boot camp but there is actually gym gym gym type gym stuff here. It's small and in a shopping center, but you have your five treadmills and three ellipticals and exercise bikes and shiny new machines and free weights. Plus it's never super crowded so you don't have to wait too long to use the machine you want. I pay $99/year for the gym part of things, which I think is a damn good deal. They used to be a lot more heavy handed about getting you to sign up for personal training and stuff (one person in particular kept calling me even though I keep telling her I couldn't afford it), but that has stopped. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the people that go here as a whole seem far less beefcakey than my previous gym. I don't feel so out of place.So overall, I dig this spot. It's kind of no frills, but the price is right and I'm seeing results.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/4/2013,55,38,3,6,4>This place has been renamed, Dona Mary.Went on a Wednesday night around 8. To my surprise, they were quite busy. The restaurant was about 75% full. I got the .99 cents carne asada tacos. (.99 cent tacos Tuesdays AND Wednesdays.) My husband got the special, which was like pot roast in spicy red sauce. Both items were excellent. The rice and beans that accompanied were also great. By far, the best salsa bar in Utah County. The yellowish/green creamy one was our favorite. Super spicy!! Go here! You won't regret it! Neither will your wallet.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,11/3/2013,53,148,,4,3>Fast service for a opening day! Service was friendly and everyone was nice, menu is quite big so I'm excited to come back and try more! They also offer outdoor seating which is always great!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,11/2/2013,29,40,3,4,5>The term "dive bar" gets thrown around quite a bit in the reviews of this place and often it is merited. If you're looking for a place to go out without getting dressed to go out, look no further. You'll also save some money. The one thing this place has that most dive bars do not is a crowd, although on a Friday or Saturday night I haven't found a bar in town that doesn't. Usually not having to wait for a drink and easily finding a place to sit are two of the bigger draws for me when it comes to my dives but I'll just accept Twilite for what it is - the closest thing to a dive bar I'm likely to get. I'll take it.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,11/1/2013,314,135,1,6,2>So what's great about this place??? It  has a huge menu, including a lot of Vietnamese dishes that you will not find at other Vietnamese restaurants out here in Utah, even though the name says Pho in it, they have a bunch of other dishes that are good. I came here with a group and none of us got pho, so I can't comment on that. We decided to get other dishes that we don't see at a lot of the other restaurants. The dishes tend to be more traditional than some of the other Vietnamese restaurants, which means the fish sauce is more fishy and they include blood cubes in the bun bo hue (spicy central Vietnam noodle dish) which you will not see in Gossip's bun bo hue.The bad about this place is the service. Even though there's a lot of people working, they're not that attentive to the table. They are friendly and helpful though. I ordered the broken rice with grilled meat, vietnamese meatloaf, sunny side up egg,  bi (shredded pork), and pickled vegetables. The meat was good, it wasn't chewy or anything. I was surprised by the fish sauce because it actually smelled fishy here. The meat loaf wasn't soft enough for my liking but it wasn't bad. We shared the bot chien (rice cake with egg). This dish is better here than the one at Gossip because the rice cubes were crispier. The other dishes that were ordered were the banh cuon (grilled meat wrapped in rice sheets), bun bo hue (central Vietnam spicy noodle), house special fried rice with grilled chicken, dessert drinks: che ba mau and che trai cay. Out of these I only tried the banh cuon with the grilled meat cause this is the only place that makes it out here. They also have banh cuon w/ cha which is also served at pho tay ho but not all the time. The banh cuon with grilled meat is usually an appetizer dish, but here they have it under their entrees. If you never tried it, you should. It's like a cross between a spring roll and banh cuon.  My friend that got the bun bo hue was sweating like crazy since the dish was spicy.I would totally recommend this place for Vietnamese food, but dont expect exceptional service.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,3/5/2013,146,292,2,4,6>Let me go ahead and get this out of the way: the owner of Ali Baba has just enough of a Babu Bhatt likeness to make eating there deliciously surreal. More importantly, the taste track wafting in the background of this sit-com (sit & comestiblate) is the heady aroma of the tandoor. One sniff and you know you're in for deliciousness.The menu is huge. Dauntingly so. I tried to put myself in the proprietor's hands, but he was reluctant. Finally, I just went with what the two Pakistani dudes at a nearby table were eating. It was the chicken biryani combo with a side of naan (light and thin style--very good naan).Everything is generously portioned and expertly seasoned. I even found myself saying, "Wow, this dal kicks ass," and I was dining alone.Ali Baba is a simple affair in an unassuming location, but if you're wise enough to drop in, you'll be rewarded.[Also, the gas station next door is one of the last remaining that doesn't make you enter your damn zip code before you can pump gas. This pleases me beyond reason.]
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,3/4/2013,36,49,3,2,2>Walking into the Busy Bee after seeing their ads for their garlic burgers taunt me every time i went to the Starbucks across the street. Walking in, I was wondered if i was in the right place, or if I needed to get a Harley Davidson and some leather chaps before walking in. I had the Garlic Burger and Garlic Fries (I wasn't getting any anyway, so I might as well go all in) The beer was cold, and frosty, like a good blue moon should be, The Burger was cooked perfectly, and the bacon and swiss was melted over like a blanket on a cold winter night. It was worth going to, and visiting again.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/3/2013,89,25,3,5,5>This review is for the tacos at the (admittedly grungy) food counter in the back of the store. And this review is for the food only.Good tacos with a ton of meat, served on double corn tortillas. The carnitas and barbacoa tacos were amazing. Big chunks of moist, slow roasted meat just melting into the tortillas. Carne asada was just fine, but far outshined by the other two. Only criticism about these tasty little snacks is that the tortillas could be oiled a bit more before being griddled to keep them supple throughout the meal.And, finally, they sell fresh, handmade flour tortillas. As I was paying at the counter in the back of the market, I saw probably 200 fresh flour tortillas laid out ready for packaging. HOMEMADE PEOPLE. Not sure how often they make them. For three tacos and a half dozen flour tortillas I paid $5. That, my friends, is what bumps this place to 5 stars for me.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,3/2/2013,49,223,3,4,3>Best burgers in Salt Lake hands down. And for the price? Can't beat it. The service was great, the food was great, only down side was the kitchen closed at 11 pm for some weird reason?? Anyways they have a burger challenge which is almost repulsive how much meat you have to meat. It's like a Benny burger I think? And a regular burger. Can you say heart attack? Mind you this is all from memory but I had a bacon barbeque burger can't remember the exact name but it was delicious. And messy as can be. I probably killed a couple trees in napkins, not gonna lie. This hidden gem just off 1300 South is a must if you're ever craving a burger. Though it is a bar, so young'ns can't enjoy the beefy awesomeness. They use high quality meat and it definitely reflects in the burgers. Anyone in Salt Lake has to try Lucky 13 at least once in their lives or they haven't lived.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,3/1/2013,40,327,,4,3>Time to revise my earlier assessment of Salt City. The first couple of times I ate here were a disaster. My burgers were way overcooked and I had basically given up on it. Well, fast forward a year or so and times have changed. My wife and I were in the area one day and she was craving a burger. When she recommended we go to Salt City I reluctantly agreed, but wasn't really looking forward to it. But wow, I was pleasantly surprised by the difference. My burger was perfectly cooked (juicy), nicely seasoned (quite flavorful) and overall, the meal was very tasty.   On top of that, the fries and onion rings were both very good (but then again, they've always done those two items well). And just like that, my opinion has been altered. Since that day my wife and I have visited this place a few more times and each time our burgers have been tasty and the sides have been great too. The last time we ordered a pumpkin pie shake and it was fantastic. I'm glad to see it turn around because I like the concept (the store's name and design) and would love to see it thrive.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,2/28/2013,139,132,3,1,3>Oh, bright blue beautiful facade shining like a cozy beacon in the cold, dreary afternoon in winter...you are wonderful! Great coffee, pain au chocolot, goat cheesecake. I'll be back to sample more things and sit and stay awhile. Very friendly staff, picking things out and paying was painless. However, I needed a larger bag to carry things back to city creek where I had parked and I was given a run of the mill paper grocery bag. Noooooo! You're better than that Eva's Bakery! Where is the cute, delicately handled boutique looking bag? Im half kidding, but seriously- get new bags :)
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/27/2013,54,206,,4,4>That's right, you have to climb a mountain in Utah to get some of the best Mexican food around.Everything is delicious; there's a crazy huge salsa & condiment bar; there's a huge tequila list with reasonable prices; the staff is friendly and helpful.  I guess that's about all I have to say about that.  (Oh, and eat on the bar side -- definitely the best atmosphere).I'm not sure I'd go out of our my to visit this out-of-the-way restaurant in Midway again, but if I ever wanted to take the scenic route from SLC to PC in the summer, I'd be back for another visit for sure!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/26/2013,8,38,2,4,4>First timer that went to Hectors last night after a hike to see the snow up at Solitude. $4.70 for a burrito? That's comical...and awesome.Since I grew up east, my only comparison is Chipotle. (please put away your torches and pitch forks, I know that's not real mexican nor is it very good. I've never been a fan).Hectors is probably, nay, IS the best burrito I've ever had. I ordered their California (steak, cheese, potato, some other stuff) and it was so delicious. The amount of steak out-weighed the rest of the components making me very happy whereas Chipotle gives you a lil bit of meat and a whole bunch of the extra. Not cool. I didn't pay $6+ for corn, lettuce, tomato, etc.  At any rate, Hectors does it right. Even the shell tasted delicious. I didn't even know that was possible!Also, the sauce that he hooks you up with for every meal. Bomber.Not surprising, hanging near the ceiling are a plethora of food awards for this place dating back to 2009(?)...and for good reason.Hector is a great guy on top of the quality of food that he puts out and it seems like everyone knows this guy. Really cool to see that.If you haven't been to Hectors and live in SLC, that is a crying shame. Scrounge up some change and go buy yourself the best $4 burrito (should be charging more) you will ever have. NOW GO!...I have to go back soon, they have torta's! Love those things.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,2/25/2013,29,127,4,3,2>How can I not give 5 stars to a place that makes the best cookies around? I had a hunch I was on my way to glory when I walked in and they had Michael Jackson playing. I tried a few cookies (sampling is one of the funnest parts) and then I knew. My fave so far is the strawberry/peach with goat cheese frosting. Legit. I will be a regular.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,2/24/2013,68,69,3,4,2>Excellent Street Tacos, with the ability to be inside an air conditioned / heated environment and sit down at a table.My wife loves the ceviche here and my father in-law always enjoyed the caldo (soup).Mix it up, take someone on their first date here they will be scared as heck as you journey into the dangerous part of town.  You will be rewarded with a nice clean, safe place to eat.  You will be doubly rewarded with good food from some good people.Previous reviewer says bring your best spanglish, that is good advice.  Go figure real Mexicans make some excellent Mexican food.Tell them "El Guapo," sent you...  This will mean nothing to them but it may make them laugh.  You want all the food you ever eat to be made by someone with a happy and loving heart.  Give it a shot let me know if it improves the food to a 5th star!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,9/4/2011,306,148,,4,3>Mmmmm...oh how I  love to go BoHo!Last night was my third visit to Bohemian Brewery, and service and food have been consistent every time. I always get the garlic fries, which come in a giant basket with dipping sauce (when ordered as an appetizer). I have had the garlic burger, and it's mighty tasty...and fragrant. Don't eat this if you plan to impress anyone with your scent for the next 12 hours. It's rich and meaty and one of the best garlic burgers I've ever tasted. I like their pork schnitzel, beef goulash, and pierogies and bratwurst. I'm not an alchy, but my brother swears by the Bohemian Brews. He gets the biggest glass he can get when he dines in, and often brings the house brews home in cans. I've yet to try the desserts at BB because I always am stuffed American by the time I finish my meal. I hear good things about the bread pudding, however.I live a few blocks away, so I know I'll be coming back for more soon.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,9/3/2011,45,107,2,4,4>I had been hearing rave reviews of Chabaar from a co-worker of mine for a few weeks now. Every other day I have been hearing, "Did you go see Anny at Chabaar yet?" "Hey, have you tried that new Thai place I was telling you about?" "No, really, you've got to go check Chabaar out."Well yesterday, I finally had my opportunity to go, and I could punch myself in the face for delaying my visit here. Oh. My. Heck. Amazing.My date and I started with the fried pot stickers. They had a wonderfully crispy shell, and a savory, juicy pork filling, and served up with a sweet, pungent, and slightly sour sauce on the side. To die for. For our main courses, we ordered the red curry with tofu and the drunken noodles with chicken. Now I should tell you this: I'm a white girl who thinks she likes spicy food. I love to feel my tongue a sizzlin'. Our waitress recommended ordering the spiciness of our food at a level 2 of 10. Feeling like I would probably be disappointed, but wanting to trust our server, I ordered my curry at a 2. It was perfect. My curry was at that barely uncomfortably spicy point, just spicy-painful enough to be pleasurable. Red curry tofu from Chabaar is get out of town good.We ended our meal with the vegan coconut icecream. It is honest to goodness better than any dairy icecream on the market. No kidding. My date and I, as well as the couple in the next booth, stopped Anny a few times, to ask "Are you SURE this is vegan? You know vegan means no milk or eggs, right?" I don't know what they put in it, but its a true ice cream miracle.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,9/2/2011,24,80,,5,4>I've decided that its time to update my Pho Cali review so that it properly reflects my level of obsession with this restaurant.  Bottom line, I love this restaurant and i crave it multiple times a week.  There have been times where i have eaten a number 5 at Pho Cali 3 times in one week.  I am completely addicted.  I consider myself a soup connoisseur and the taste of the broth is so far superior to any other Pho, or any soup for that matter, that i have ever tasted.  Add to that the wonderful texture of the noodles, the lovely meat and the ridiculously low price and you have the perfect meal.  Once you become a regular, like myself, all the wonderful staff will know what you want and will have it started as soon as you walk in the door.In the end I cannot over hype this restaurant.  It is the epitome of what a locally owned restaurant should be.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,9/1/2011,45,58,1,6,4>I love the lunch specials here.  They are a fantastic value with great quality food.  The manicotti with a meatball is comfort food at it's finest.  Cheesy goodness with an oversized meatball that is moist and savory.The salad with Italian sausage is pretty darn good as well.Service is quick and friendly and the coke comes from a tap at the bar which means it is oh so good.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,8/31/2011,48,385,8,3,2>OK... I didn't get this body shape by eating well and exercising.  I got it by avidly avoiding exercise and indulging in sugar concoctions that pleasure the palate.  Enter The Chocolate...  The kid in the candy store kicks it up a notch and drools at the cakes, cookies and pastries here.The store is really very cute.  In a converted house, you are able to choose your sitting areas to enjoy your sweet success found at the display case.  It not like high tea in London, but a really good Salt Lake (or Orem) substitute.  The Velvet, Kitty Katrina and Cherub cakes are exquisite!  Want milk to wash that down?  They have that too!  Damn, had I only know this was next door when I was at RC Willey looking for a couch back in January.  Oh well, better late than never!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,8/30/2011,349,631,5,4,5>The place can be dangerous for men that are not able to resist the temptation of cookies.  Some men could easily have an affair with a few of those cookies.  That darn cookie card just keeps calling out for me to return for another stamp.  It must be the red colored theme décor inside the building, which fits their current name perfectly.When it comes to the cookies, Betty, Judy, Lily, and Penelope are definitely my favorite.  Betty with oatmeal, apricots, and cherries tasted quite interesting with the fruit mild bitter flavor, but delighted at the same time, perhaps I would call that bitter sweet.  Judy with orange buttery frosting on top and Lily with lemon sugar glaze are both equally attractive and delicious.  Penelope is the good o' peanut butter temptress that any peanut butter lover cannot resist.  The rest of the cookie girls just did not click, they were just not my cup of tea, and I guess things will never work between us.Overall, RubySnap is easily one of my favorite cookie stores in Utah.  I also like their cookie of the month, but they can hit or misses sometime.  Service is on the positive side in general.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,8/29/2011,66,33,,8,6>Every time I eat at Settebello, I crave nothing but Settebello for days. I love pizza, and this is its king. Much unlike the American pizza most are used to, this is true Napoletano pizza where everything is absolutely fresh and delicious. Fresh crushed tomatoes on a hand-tossed crust, perfectly topped with the finest mozzarella (not some fake replacement cheese) and baked in wood-fire ovens until they're perfectly ready to delight your mouth. Exaggeration? Not at all. If you're into fresh flavors, herbs, real ingredients, and not a slave to the sugary processed foods common at other pizza places, this will be heaven for you. Start simple, the margherita pizza is quite simply perfect. Have a group with you, start off with a Misto, a sampling of meats, cheeses, olives, vegetables, and focaccia. And if you can somehow manage not to fill up on all the great food and wine, they have one of the best gelato shops. Don't worry, the gelato just fills in the gaps.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,8/28/2011,127,38,,10,2>The customer service here is top-notch. Our waiter was extremely accomodating; at first he was a little shy but warmed up after he saw we were truly interested in the food. We asked what he suggested and, of course, he suggested what most Americans would typically order. When I told him that I eat Indian a lot and I wanted to try something HE liked, he got excited and started going into the details of the different menu options  that he preferred, asking if we had tried different dishes and customizing the suggestions as he went. He described flavors and ingredients very carefully and even told when food was used every day or for special occasions. It was education while eating. ;) The owner stopped by and also asked how everything was- I appreciate this kind of service in a restaurant.The interior is good- they've done some nice work with softening the interior with curtains and some intricately carved furniture in the lobby, but don't expect high-fashion. It may get there with time; it looks like they are going in that direction. The food & service definitely are the stars of the show here (and that's what matters, right?). The food itself was among the best Indian I have had. This type of food is among my top three (Sushi, Indian & Southern are my favorites), so hopefully that gives me some credit as a judge. ;) It was beautifully colored, had all the amazing spices that Indian food is known for and tasted fresh. The serving portions were enough that we took some home (but that might have also been because we ordered many of his suggestions ;), but it was reluctantly that we stopped eating. The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of- surprisingly- was the plain naan. They have a few different flavors and I would suggest going with the garlic or another. The mango lassi was very light & fresh tasting- perfect with dinner. The menu is pretty extensive, so make sure you go ahead and ask questions (if you have any). And if you like spicy- medium won't hit it. They've toned it down for Utah, it seems. I didn't even feel the heat at medium.Last note, this place is perfect if you have a large group. There's plenty of space and the tables are easily moved around. Given the location, it's a good choice for a business lunch/get together. In fact, a large group came in while we were eating and seemed perfectly happy. A few tables had some rambunctious kids- with all the space that was in the restaurant, no one seemed to mind. Introduce your young'uns to some new culinary tastes!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,8/27/2011,73,69,2,7,4>If I could give 10 stars to the city Library I would. The building was designed by Moshe Safdie and is a beautiful example of modern architecture. The open atrium and roof top terrace are perfect for events or for just lounging around with a good book and a cup of coffee. The library has a great collection of books, periodicals and DVDs. There have only been a handful of films I haven't been able to find there and the staff was able to order them in for me at no charge. Like the previous posters have mentioned, because of the open layout of the building, parts of it can get rather loud. If you are looking for a place to study, make sure you head to a private conference room or to the very back rooms.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,8/26/2011,64,258,3,3,4>The real reason Utah is called Zion is because it's a little Greek food utopia. Having lived away from good Greek food for so long I probably think its better than it really is (at least the days of going to middle eastern places to try and get something close are over). I've been here a few times this summer but have only tried the gyro's, lemon rice and deep fried zucchini. I would say the quality and flavor is as good as Yanni's or Greek Souvlaki which is the standard I compare everything to. What they do have going for them was the size of the gyro seemed bigger, what I would consider a large. Everyone else serves a junior and tries to pass it off as a large. The place is small but nice and clean, and the staff is nice as well.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,8/8/2014,61,59,7,8,7>On those fantastic nights I go to Trolley, I find my regular seat at the bar and announce obnoxiously, "I'm home!" Honestly. I am super-picky when it comes to food and service, and Trolley goes above and beyond each visit. Let's start with the wings. I am by no means a wing aficionado, but pop a TWC wing into your mouth, and that's all you'll ever need to know about wings. They offer a variety of tried-and-true sauces (Jamaican honey garlic, 4-Skins...mmmm) but you can formulate your own custom flavor as well. I'm partial to honey-lemon-garlic. Anything with garlic! And hey, if you're not in the mood for wings, the spicy Trolley Chips or deep-fried, homemade hush puppies are all fantastic. They even offer pizza by the slice from Este's next door (which is the only way I will ever eat Este's again). TWC runs a full bar, and they make killer Moscow Mules and Old Fashioneds. They offer all the local brews as well, many on-tap, and even nitro, if I remember correctly. But the best part of Trolley, hands-down, is the service. Go in on almost any night, and you'll probably run into owner Jeff, a luscious-haired twenty-something with a contagious smile and impeccable taste in music. Or you'll get Ron (can't miss him--he'll be sporting two perfectly-groomed braids) someone you can see yourself getting hammered in the wilderness with; or Jordan, an adorable, tiny sweetheart who can break up a bar fight before it even starts. Regardless of your server, Trolley will show you a good time, and I can't forget the awesome regulars who I adore talking about new GoT episodes with! Finally, if you decide no other bar in town can rival Trolley, get the app on your smartphone to earn points! I'm working toward my beer mug that will hang behind the bar in utter glory--I can picture it now--waiting for me to return and sip hoppy brews from its depths.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/6/2014,8/7/2014,94,46,2,7,2>Food: BAll their meat is free range chicken and beef, or so I was told by my vegetarian friend who I saw there.The guy at the register told me the Tri-tip sandwich and the DragonSlayer sandwich were the most popular. I ate half of each of those sandwiches and thought that both of them were tasty, but it's not real filling...seriously it's not. Also, the sweet potato fries were just average.Price: C-Over $10 per person for a sandwich and fries, I had half of both the DragonSlayer and Tri-tip sandwich, both were tasty, but not really filling. It was kinda disappointing.Ambiance: BTVs are everywhere you look, so if you want to watch a game, this would be a great spot to eat.Eating around dinner time was super crowded. It's a first come first serve seating situation, so someone has to save your spot while you are waiting in line for about 20-25 minutes. Once I got to the front of line, you are kinda rushed through the ordering process. I wish we had a waiter, it would make it more pleasant.So overall it's crowded and might need to move to a more spacious location, but the TVs are a nice touch.Parking: CThe parking lot IS a dog fight (at least around lunch and dinner time), that is if you want to park close to the entrance, but there is tons of parking in the massive Macey's/Big Lots parking lot if you want to avoid the fight and park farther away.Conclusion: B-I feel like there's a lot of Provo hype going on with this place. I admit that it's a unique place, but there are a lot of BBQ and sandwich/burger places that taste better and fill you up for under $10 per person.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/6/2014,30,54,4,5,5>Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Just like the song, this place delivers on all fronts. I didn't even know this place existed until my friends said we're going there for dinner. Parking was a bit tough to find as it was packed, but don't let that deter you. The restaurant is decently sized and they even have quite a bit of patio seating which is going to be perfect once the weather warms up a bit.So my group and I walked up to the bar while we waited for a table and it was a full service bar with plenty of good beer to go around. My suggestion is to try whatever they have in their seasonal selection. it's usually 3-4 different beers so don't be afraid to give all of them a go.The food....just amazing. The smell just overtakes you even before you walk into the restaurant. It was sooooo good. If you want a solid selection, order the pirogies & bratwurst. So much food in one dish. The pirogies were covered with grilled onions and bacon, hmmmm.....bacon, and the bratwurst had a hefty side of sauerkraut which was just delicious. Two bratwurst & 3 pirogies in all. Don't finish it all if you want to have room for dessert. Get the strudel if you do. Light, flaky with ice cream and whip cream on the side...Can't go wrong.The rest of my party ordered fish and chips, the veggie burger and the portobello mushroom dish. All said they were fine choices, but then again they all craved the pirogies and bratwurst that I was eating.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,8/5/2014,210,1036,2,5,3>Big Apple Pizzeria serves up BIG slices of New York-style pizza. The lunch specials are a great value and downright cheap -- only $5 for two slices and a drink! Pizza can be a little greasy, but it's tasty nonetheless.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,8/3/2014,73,94,3,4,3>Pretty good donut. Not the best I've ever had, but the basics were all hit. Maple bar was good. The dough was pretty soft still (got there around 11) and it had good flavor.My only real gripe would be that the maple sauce was too sweet....seems like an oxymoron, but I don't know how else to explain it. I'll go back to try out some other stuff, the apple fritters and cinnamon rolls looked great!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,8/2/2014,178,50,4,5,2>Jade Market is the only close grocery store in the area. It's a very love hate relationship with this place. Love that they have almost everything you would need last minute. (Even Catnip toys.. who would have thought? .. then again it's hipster central around there)Hate that everything is pretty expensive. Yet, they are smart because if you can charge it and there is no one else close by to compete.. get it. This is a place for cravings and small errands - don't do your bi-weekly grocery shopping here.Love that they are open til midnight every night except Sundays (10pm) so when it's 1130 and I'm craving something I can get it quick.Hate that homeless people are always hanging around there asking for change and cigarettes.Love that they have a lot of organic food/local food/unique products. You aren't going to find the normal brands here. Only the unique hipster stuff.Love that the employees are always happy and chatty. They are all really cool and friendly with everyone, even the crazy homeless that come by all the time.Come here and have a Jade experience. it's fun.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,8/1/2014,82,143,1,5,4>My family favorite hiking place.We lived nearby, so we come down here really often, generally Sunday afternoon.The hiking is really good and my family and I normally stopped in the lake. I personally only tried once to the water falls. The reason on why we liked this hiking trail is because it has so many different scenery from trail-up, trail down, walking across the river through a bridge and ended-up in the lake whereby we saw people fly fishing with success of catching the fish.The trail to the lake is not too far that will make your legs sore, but it is just nice for a good afternoon work-out.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2014,7/31/2014,349,631,5,6,4>In staying true to the Yelp spirit, I finally decided to revisit this joint despite receiving anonymous death threats related to my previous reviews for this area.  The store looked about the same as before and the same family-staffs were still there.A few things seem to improved here, we tried some dim sums, pastries, and claypot rice.  We got the Chinese sausage and veggie claypot rice, and I was so glad to see the rice did not have triple layers as before.  The cured meat and sausage were ok and the veggie probably better cooked separately.  The dim sums were ok, the Teochew Dumpling had a bit thick and bland for me, and the Chicken Feet had a bright red color on them.   Shumai had crab roe on top and only two out of four had a shrimp inside, going fugal?  Pastries were still good.I believe the place had an overall improvement since a year ago.  Last time was "meh", this time was "OK".  They still have the same Yelp check-in deal with pastries discount, so don't forget to check-in during your visit.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,7/30/2014,155,241,5,6,4>I really wish this place was closer to my house. I'd eat here every day if I could.I drive past this place a lot, since I'm always on my way to and from Yellow Rose Tattoos. I finally decided to stop in the other day, after getting another tattoo.  I ordered two slices of their vegetarian pizza, which has tomato's and garlic on top.Let me tell you, it was absolutely amazing. The crust was thin, the cheese was delicious, and the garlic added the perfect touch to the pizza. I normally will not eat tomato's, but Este Pizza got me to eat my vegetables.The environment is also pretty cool in the place. All of the walls have graffiti on them, and there are stickers on most of the booths. It feels like a pizza place that you would visit while on vacation in California.Their dining situation is a little odd. Before 4:00 PM, you can seat yourself and order slices from certain pizzas. After 4:00Pm, the place apparently turns into a sit down restaurant. I am not sure how things work after that, but I do plan to return and find that out.All in all, I really enjoyed my pizza, and I plan on stopping in whenever I am in the area.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,7/29/2014,314,135,4,8,4>Ever since I moved here, I've been looking for a good eyebrow threading place, and I think I have found someone that I am happy with and trust touching my eyebrows. I have tried Brow Spa 24 and Eyebrow Designer 21 and wasn't pleased with both places. So, at both of these places they don't listen to what you want done. Even If they nod their head and say okay after you tell them what you want. They just start threading away and do what they want. They also don't measure each eyebrow from one another to see of they match in height. One time, at Eyebrow Designer, the lady didn't think to brush here teeth or rinse out her mouth with mouth wash after lunch and I could smell her lunch on her breath. And further more, I had to grow out my eyebrows from broth of these places and my eyebrows still haven't grown in all the way.When I came in, Sonu was my esthetician. She listened to everything I wanted and didn't over thread and also checked with me before taking off more. She'll also give a little mini massage around your eyebrows after asking if you want lotion around your eyebrows. It's the the simple little things and going above and beyond that makes Sonu great to work with.So the reason for the 4 stars and my one grip about this place is that she doesn't use head rest covers. It's also fine to not use headrest covers if you clean the head rest after each customer, but this wasn't done either. You might think this is a small thing, but I could see dandruff on the head rest left there from prior customers. A simple tissue over the headrest would have worked or just wiping it down with a towel and alcohol would have also worked.I would still come back here. I would just tell her to put a tissue on the headrest. Another plus right now is that there is a 20% yelp check-in discount. So your eyebrows will only cost $8.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,5/6/2012,85,34,4,7,6>I've been a loyal patron of the good Dr. for many years. I have recently started to get back into comic books, perhaps this is symptomatic of my 6 year old's infectious enthusiasm for all things superhero. Either way I cannot think of any other place I could go to satiate my comic book and collectible fix. Dr. Volts is kind of hidden inside a small and somewhat seedy shopping mall on 33rd south. However, if you are looking for it, it is easy to spot - the life-sized superman in the doorway along with the myriad of comic book posters on the windows are a surefire giveaway. The inside is small and clean, a lot of shelves chuck full of comic books, graphic novels, trade paperbacks, toys, and collectibles. However, despite being small it does not feel claustrophobic. It is quite easy to find what it is you're looking for, the comic books themselves are organized by publisher and then alphabetized by title. However, should you have any questions the staff is always ready and willing to help. If you know little about comics but have had a hankering to get into the "funny books" they will also offer recommendations in a non-elitist, non-judgmental manner.  Another great feature is the "hold" option. You specify which books you would like held month to month and as shipments come in the staff will pull your books and hold them for you. You do not have to be there in person to add books to your hold either. I have called in many times to add a certain book to my hold list. All you have to do is verify your name and give your hold # and voila, book added. Dr. Volt's also sells some apparel. And there is also a room in the back where the geeks can come in to play board/card games in the evenings and on the weekend. All in all this is an awesome store and a favorite place of mine to visit when I am feeling nostalgic about my by-gone days as a comic book collector. I prefer Doctor Volts over Night Flight as it's less crowded and the staff seems more willing to help and answer questions and not view you as a "noob." Come and check it out!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,5/5/2012,41,11,13,9,3>This pizza is worth driving to Utah County for. Go ahead and read that sentence again. I'll wait...It's the kind of pizza you find yourself craving for days after eating there. My mouth wishes there was a location in SLC, but my ass and thighs are grateful there isn't. I always order the mozzarella and basic pizza and have never been disappointed.  Local ingredients and cute, hipster waiters make the experience even better. Also, I think flirting with the waiters is the key to getting a giant glass of wine.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,5/4/2012,42,124,3,5,5>I've been to Brewvies several times, but for some reason I'm just NOW getting around to professing my love for it. I go to the Broadway Theater (also reviewed) for one experience, including limited-release movies and gourmet snacks. But Brewvies is a different kind of heaven, one that is filled with great beer, pool, movies, a friendly staff, and burgers, among other things. I love the laid-back vibe of Brewvies, whether I'm shooting pool or taking in a flick with a friend. In a regular theater, it feels so intrusive if someone has to get up to leave. But for some reason, it doesn't feel as much like a showstopper at Brewvies. Maybe it's because there's a low level of noise anyway from other people getting up to go get their food or refills on their drink pitchers or making little side comments about the show. Or it could be that stuff just doesn't bother me when I have a nice healthy buzz, most likely from the local organic pale ale. Either way, the things I'd normally think would distract me don't at all. Brewvies is a simple concept, but I always end up having a GREAT time and wondering why I don't go more often.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,5/3/2012,22,66,,4,2>The Ogden night scene = Dives, dives and more dives. But that's ok. I don't mind dives, I can pretty much have fun anywhere when alcohol is involved. I like that Kamis supports the local music scene by having frequent shows that draw large crowds. The worst part about Kamis is that without a band, the place is depressingly dead. Dead as in my friends and I are the only ones there. I think this place deserves a little more action, so people should start ditching Brewski's for Kamikaze's. Hint, hint. Plus, the D.J. on Friday nights is awesome and very accommodating of my multiple 80s requests. Long live The Cure!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,5/2/2012,50,114,2,6,2>I'm a Vietnamese food newbie so maybe this is biased. But the food was wonderful! Since neither my husband or I have ever tried Vietnamese food, we asked our server (I think it was one of the owners) what she recommended for us uneducated beginners. She recommended the pho with beef. It came with a mountain of bean sprouts, fresh basil, jalapenos and lime wedges on the side. I freaking love bean sprouts so I'm glad it was such a huge portion. What a surprising delight pho is! Noodles and broth and meat. The broth was light, flavorful, not salty or greasy. I really liked it. she also recommended the spring rolls, the Kim Long special plate and the boba drink. She probably got us for more then we would have spent but I'm not complaining.The spring rolls were great. They tasted so FRESH. Chock full of yummy things. Pork, shrimp, noodles, fresh basil, sprouts. The accompanying peanut sauce was both sweet and savory. It was like frolicking in a meadow and drinking spring water straight from the source. Yes, that fresh. Loved them.The Kim Long special had 3 types of meat and shrimp. Beef, chicken and pork. Some were chargrilled. The shrimp was sooooooo good. There were only 3 though. :'( but we enjoyed them, giggled over them because we have dirty minds and are easily amused. They were gone quickly. The other meats were just  as tasty. I don't know what the clear brothy sauce was that she gave us to pour over the dish but sweet angels in heaven that made the dish as addictive as crack. And more bean sprouts. Thank you thank you thank you. Also had more noodles. Along with some crispy egg rolls. They were probably the most fattening part but seriously yummy.She made the boba drink with strawberry and peach mixed together. Mmmmmm. I love frozen drinks. It was awesome. I enjoyed the chewy black tapioca pearls. I've seen these drinks around before but never tried them. I will have to get more from now on. Mmm. GoodPlace. Good food. Good service. We left feeling full but not greased up. Yay!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,5/1/2012,105,420,,8,5>It's not necessarily the best restaurant in the State, but it's the best small chef driven restaurant in the State. The food is consistently very good to excellent. It shows Franck's sensibilities. Watching the chefs cook in the kitchen is like watching ballet. There is an economy of movement and purposefulness in every move.The servers have been around a long time and really enjoy working here. Good service always helps make an enjoyable evening. If you are here finishing a meal as the kitchen is closing down, you are likely to see Franck come out an visit with diners. Last night was a perfect evening to be sitting outdoors. The temperature was perfect and there was a nice mix of customers.I know I should write more details on the food, but others have done that better than I. This has become our go to restaurant for a nice evening out.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,4/30/2012,29,127,1,8,4>My dream has come true. There was a big void in Salt Lake City, and Finca just filled it. Spanish food, tapas specifically, have arrived and I cannot express my gratitude enough. They stay true to the authenticity of what Spanish food is supposed to be while giving it just a hint of local flare, using local ingredients whenever possible and ordering ingredients directly from Spain when necessary. The albondigas were fantastic, best dish so far but there are many left to try. It's safe to say that we will frequent this place.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,4/29/2012,14,17,9,5,9>Pho 33 is that girl you know that doesn't wear any makeup, isn't worried about impressing anyone, and is generally pretty plain.  But when you get to know her, you tell yourself "Wow, this girl is actually really interesting and if she put a little effort into it, she would be drop dead gorgeous!"The exterior of the restaurant is reminiscent of an abandoned gas station you might see in the Mojave desert.  The weathered walls are chipped and sun-bleached, and a simple, utilitarian sign stands above the place, inviting you to wonder what the number 33 has to do with anything.Inside, though, is another story.The interior is neat, trim, and cozy.  The scent of pho fills the place and creates an ambiance of delicious comfort.  You almost wonder how a building that looks so stale on the outside can be full of such vivid flavor on the inside.  It's quite the paradox.  The bottom line here is that the pho is delicious, the service is fresh and attentive, and the location - for those in the south end of the valley - is quite convenient.  It's nice not to have to drive out to the north or west end of the valley anymore for my pho fix.    Give this girl a shot.  She's uninspiring on the surface, but beautiful where it counts.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,4/28/2012,197,177,,6,2>We were turned on to this place years ago, and if we're anywhere near the area, know we will be making a trip to stock up on sauces, rice and sushi supplies. Can't forget to pick up some Pocky and Kiwi Gummies.We spend a good hour every visit perusing the aisles, picking out exotic candies, and trying to determine what certain things are and what the possible uses could be. Tips:Steer clear of the produce section when Durian is in stock!Buy the Jasmine rice in bulk, you'll save a fortune over grocery store prices.Pick up some Thai tea, it is simply to die for. You can brew it just like coffee. Go to the sauce aisle, close your eyes and pick something at random. So many enticing choices, you can't possibly go wrong. I have noticed the prices have increased quite dramatically over the past few years, but that's okay because when we first started visiting nearly 10 years ago, the prices seemed far too cheap.This place beats nearly any Asian grocery store we've been to, including the some of the biggest in Houston and SoCal. Don't be afraid to ask someone what you are looking for, the service is great!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,4/27/2012,165,167,5,8,6>Pizza. Wings. Tacos. Also, mustaches. Mustaches on the sign, mustaches on the employees (not the girl one), mustaches on lots of the customers (not me though).This place just opened this week, but looks old.  I think it has been at least one other pizza place in its time, but the old feel seems to come mostly from a hipsteresque desire to feel like a divey hole in the wall.  It accomplishes that.  The people working here perpetuate that vibe, so don't go in expecting the most friendly staff in the world. They are really cool, like, way too cool to talk to you unless they already know you.  They aren't rude at all; just really, really cool.The menu is fairly large, with a lot of options and price points. The tacos are a buck or 2, there are plenty of options for fried sides/appetizers, a few salad options, tons of pizzas, and huge sandwiches.  Expect to pay around $15 for a 14" pizza, and $8 for a sub.  The food is delicious, particularly the tomato sauce.  It's fairly herby and sweetish but not too sweet, and thick. They serve beer! The tap is hiding somewhere in the kitchen, and they have bottled and canned (PBR!) options as well.  There's a pool table in the back which adds to the bar type vibe.While not necessarily close to any of the resorts, the easy access from I-215 and I-80 will probably help to make it a decently convenient spot for all of you snowboys and snowgirls to grab some food and beers with yer homies.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,12/12/2010,41,30,5,8,7>Oh boy, I finally found some D.F. cuisine!! I just discovered this place, so I've only been once, but it was delicious. I had a gordita that was just as good or better than any I ever had in Mexico City. I loved how guys were shooting pool in the back and a novela was playing on the tv behind me. It really brought me back. If you want some good Mexican (real Mexican), give it a try. I hope to back soon and often.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,12/11/2010,68,145,4,5,3>The Mongolian Grill is a great place for lunch for the price.  As the other reviewer stated it has a good selection for what you pay.  It is does have a Chinese menu as well that I have not tried, as Mongolian Grill is what you should eat here.  The meal comes with white and fried rice as well as an egg roll.  It is nice to mix your own stir fry and sauce to go with it.  The wait staff is slim so it takes time to get more rice, drink, etc.  The plates are taken fairly quickly when finished though.  Not sure how dinner is there, but the price goes up a few dollars I believe.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/27/2010,12/10/2010,24,80,4,4,4>Alas, my pizza oasis was just a mirage.  My first 2 experiences here lead me to believe that Santa Monica Pizza knew how to make good pizza crust, but it must have been a fluke.  The last 3 or 4 times we have gone the crust was limp and lifeless like the majority of pizza shops.  On the plus side, their calzones are still good and they turned down the horrifyingly loud pop music.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2010,12/9/2010,16,38,5,4,3>It's somewhere between 3 and 4 stars for me. I wish you could do "and a half" with the rating system on here.I saw It's Kind Of A Funny Story here when it came out. It wasn't playing at the theatre closest to me so my parents and I made the trek downtown to see it and go to a restaurant my dad wanted us to try.Good selection of movies that you might not be able to find. There are a few other titles sprinkled in too, like during the previews they showed a trailer for Little Fockers.The staff seemed pretty nice and the bathrooms weren't disgusting, but the chairs were uncomfortable. And I guess this shouldn't have effected my review, but I had a perfect view near the back of the nearly empty-theatre, and these two girls that smelt of incense sat RIGHT in front of me, which was pretty annoying so I had to move.I liked my experience there though. I recommend going, but if you're creeped out by hobos you should probably go in the day because there was one playing the cello or something outside when I went.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,12/8/2010,6,14,,4,3>I have never eaten something from Porcupine's menu that didn't taste good. An all-time favorite.Favorites are Fish and Chips, Pizza, Tomato Basil Soup (Monday only), Veggie Stir Fry, Wahoo Fish Taco's, Cajun Chicken Alfredo...Friends seem to like the Chili Verde Burrito a lot.Usually always busy. Usually no wait time for lunch but figure 30 minutes or more during dinner, especially during ski season (restaurant is located at the mouth of the canyon).
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,12/6/2010,21,50,2,8,4>This place has the best Tacos in town. I repeat everything that Ryan K says about Frida/Rico but I think the food may be better now than it was at the old location. Rico's, who owns both, is making some of the best Mexican in town.The slow roasted pork Cochinita Pibil is epic. The carne asada is amazing and their Mole Enchiladas are very very good. There should be lines out the door. While you are here, they serve a special cookie that was a joint venture between Rico's and the DoughGirl bakery. It is a mole Chocolate cookie called the Frida and I think it may be the best cookie I have ever had.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,12/5/2010,11,21,3,5,3>Golden Jade is my fav spot for Chinese food along the Wasatch Front. It is a no frills establishment but the food will make you a fan. It is a small restaurant located in strip mall just North of Javier's on Harrison Blvd. Inside there are a handful of tables that sit 4. The lunch specials are great and just $5-$6. I got a heaping serving of spicy beef, fried rice, and some delic hot n sour soup. When I ordered takeout they didn't give me any soup but I had more than enough food. The spicy beef was actually spicy and I had to refill my drink a few times. The entrees are not dripping with excess sauce like so man Chinese places I go too. I am sure there are places with more authentic entrees but for you basic Gringo Chinese food go to Golden Jade
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,12/4/2010,133,115,2,2,2>The large combination with the burrito smothered was a staple of mine growing up from a very young age (well it was the small combo until I hit about 16). The chili verde they use to smother food is so good that after your first taste you will jump up and do the Jarabe Tapatio (Mexican Hat Dance). They bring you a huge plate that is so hot if your skin happens to graze it you're probably going to find out what it's like to smell your own flesh burn. But they do warn you before they put it on the table, "plate is hot! No touch!" Unfortunately after I hit 30 I was no longer able to eat whatever I wanted so I very rarely visit anymore. I can't be sure how many calories are in a large combo but if I had to guess I would have to say, gulp, 3000! It's a huge amount of food and not a single calorie is clean. All cheese, fat, and simple carbs. No bueno if you care about your health but a must try if your willing to risk the heart attack and put in the work to burn it off.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,12/3/2010,30,38,5,5,5>If you haven't eaten a fresh, warm pretzel roll--yes, a ROLL made out of pretzel dough--you simply have not lived. The bakers at Vosen's probably would never admit this, but I deeply suspect the salty crust is sprinkled with pure kryptonite! I dare you to eat one bite and resist another. I double-dog dare you! Get to Vosen's. Eat a pretzel roll. Enjoy the first day of the rest of your life.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,12/2/2010,90,145,3,5,3>I love this place. I go here a lot. A lot a lot. So I've seen the good and the bad. The slow unfriendly service, the mediocre food, the dirty tables... But I've seen on a continual basis great customer service, delicious food, fast and accurate wait staff. I love vertical diner... The tender tiger, avalanche and avo sub are my favorites. But I also love the nacho mama and blueberry pancakes. The desserts are pretty good. The best is the peanut butter brownie sundae thing. And the soy shakes.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/2/2013,18,113,,5,4>It's a new favorite in SLC.  We came out on a rare date night and had a fantastic meal.   The only questionable experience was how we were seated, we had made a reservation and when we arrived there was only one other table seated.  Normally you give people who make reservation priority seating but we were at first directed to a table in the corner under a strange kitchen look out window.  I quickly asked to be seated by one of the many window seats set for two.  We may not be gorgeous patrons but no reason to put us in a corner.Our service was experienced, knowledgeable, quick to make an excellent recommendation when asked.  The wine he chose for my husband was like drinking velvet and I do not even drink wine.  I had the Honey Lime Stinger a great concoction of Vida tequila, fresh lime, grapefruit & honey.  Bread was served promptly, delicious but not in appetite ruining proportions. We had the scallops with almond, curry and red wine reduction as our appetizer.  They were flawless and oh to quickly devoured.I ordered the Filet of true cod, with brown buttered crab, pearl couscous, green garlic & beach mushrooms.  The cod was so flakey and perfectly cooked every mouthful was like eating a little slice of heavenly fish.My husband always a sucker for the red meat ordered the Beef tenderloin, with onion, potato & mushroom.  It has been a long time since he has eaten every single bite off his plate, but this was a lick worthy plate.  The meat was so perfectly trimmed and cooked he needed nothing more than a butter knife to enjoy it.Although we were not necessarily needing dessert after such a fabulous meal we could not resist such perfection and attention to detail.We ordered the chocolate souffle and something described as inverted cheesecake, with goat cheese and a pear reduction.  Both were sweet perfection and solidified Zy as our new favorite place.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,1/1/2013,16,84,,7,3>Sushi Monster started in West Valley City and I was exciting to see that they were adding a new location in the Station Park complex. Since the restaurant is still a little new they don't yet have a fancy sign outside; however, they are open for business and the manger -- Ling Ling -- told me that they will be getting a new sign next week. This is good news, because without a sign it's a little hard to spot. I was going to take a photo from outside, but decided to wait until the sign appears. The restaurant itself has modern asian design that's quite cozy. Overall, I love the design of the interior and I feel like it does a great job of showcasing their quality of food. It's located next to ParkStone Wood Kitchen, on the west side of the theater. I've been waiting for a sushi restaurant to come into this area and I'm glad to see that it's Sushi Monster. The quality of the food is really good. I ordered two rolls: the BMW Roll and the Pink Dragon Roll. The presentation was excellent, definitely on par with some of the fancy sushi restaurants downtown. The quality of the presentation extended to the flavor and freshness of the fish as well. The BMW Roll was very flavorful. The combination of the spicy tuna and mayo really excited my tastebuds. The sauce, I feel like, enhanced the overall flavor of the roll  and did not distract from the quality of the fish. The Pink Dragon roll was my favorite out of the two rolls though. Tempura shrimp on the inside with salmon and avocado on top. Definitely a mix of flavors, but not too strong. I definitely recommend this restaurant to any sushi lover. I have to say, I've been to many sushi restaurants in Utah and this has to be the best sushi restaurant in Davis County. I used to go to Osaka or Sushi Ya when I didn't want to go down to Salt Lake, but both of those places pale in comparison to this place. It's modern it's upscale, and I love it!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,12/31/2012,66,56,3,3,3>This may be my new favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley.  Starting out they have a fun festive open atmosphere and friendly staff.  When you sit down you get the traditional chips and salsa to start.  Their chips are the right amount of crunchy and salty.  The salsa is delicious fresh and perfectly spicy.  For my entree I had the cheese enchiladas with the whole beans and the rice.  Other people in my group had the chimichangas, and chili verde burrito.  Everyone was very happy with their choices.  Now I rarely get dessert but I would never leave here without getting the sopapillas.  They are extra delicious and hot and served with honey butter.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,12/30/2012,221,489,3,9,8>I've been excited to check out this place since it opened, and I'm pleased I finally got to stop in for lunch over the weekend. I was alone, so I sat at the bar to peruse the menu. I decided to start with the roasted guacamole followed by a couple of pork belly tacos (the taco of the day). The guacamole quickly arrived, accompanied by a mountain of chips. The ingredients were super fresh, and though it was a bit milder than I was expected, it was quite enjoyable. The pork belly tacos were most excellent, because you really can't go wrong with pork belly. They probably would have been a bit better with something more savory in there instead of apples, but I tend to be more of a hater of such things than most people. Since this is a tequila bar, I decided to sample a bit of the Corzo anejo after my lunch (don't judge me), and it was spectacular. My server was quite amused by the bottle (shaped like a book) and had to show it to me. Service was a bit on the slow side, but I wasn't in a hurry. My server was very friendly and had some great suggestions. My main suggestion for this place is to allow people to mix and match tacos on the plates. I would have loved to try two different kinds of tacos, but was informed that you have to get two of the same kind. Seems kind of arbitrary to me. Don't limit my flavor explosion! Overall, though, I had a splendid lunch here and am looking forward to returning for dinner.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,12/29/2012,134,150,,3,2>I have been to the Blue Finn twice this summer and I want to go back this fall...or sooner.The atmosphere is casual but thoughtful with colored tablecloths and butcher paper on the tables. The Pork Bulgogi is in a delicious spicy sauce.  It is cooked in the kitchen and served on a plate with rice.  Salad comes with your meal, so if you wanted to wrap your bulgogi in your lettuce (the norm) save your salad or ask the sweet staff to bring you some undressed leaves.     The beef bulgogi was good too, served in the same fashion as the pork, more steamed than grilled but not in the spicy sauce.  Know that the bulgogi is sliced very thin and  the pork is the winner.  On my next visit I ordered the kim chi pork belly stir fry with tofu and it was seriously delish.  I also got to try the tempura udon.  The noodles were cooked perfect, served steaming hot with a generous plate of tempura including shrimp and tempura dip sauce. The staff here is eager to make a good impression.  On my first visit  I received a free sliced orange dessert, and  on the second four red bean stuffed mochi balls.  I love this  Korean-Japanese connection!  Mochi, ban chan, service with a smile,  and thick kim chi pork belly!  Go around 3 pm to see the owners  cute children arrive from school.  Or just go!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,12/28/2012,57,67,4,7,4>The saddest part about our recent move out of downtown SLC (other than the actual moving . . . and the no longer being able to drunk-walk to Bayleaf for chicken and waffles . . . and the reality of the food wasteland to which we have relocated -*sigh*) is moving out of Free Wheeler's delivery area.  No lie.I relocated here a few years ago from Brooklyn.  Brooklyn pizza is no joke.  It spoils you, and not just a little bit; more like full-on Princess-and-the-Pea level spoilage.  I searched and I searched for good pizza when I got here, and finally decided Este and Maxwell's were the best I could hope for.  But then I found Free Wheeler through, of all things, a Living Social voucher.  (Take that, Groupon!)I'll admit to some confusion when I first entered the place--it's really just an open kitchen with a few old unmatched tables and rickety old chairs, with get-your-own cutlery/napkins/boxes off to the side of the room.  (Delivery, not dine-in, is obviously their forte.)  But the smells were overwhelmingly delicious and, again, I had a voucher and God forbid I waste it.When the "ziggie stix" arrived, piping hot and within ~7 minutes of our arrival/order, we were in heaven.  This is not your ordinary cheesy garlic bread.  Instead, it's perfectly olive-oiled carbo deliciousness stuffed with mozzarella and topped with more mozzarella, tons of fresh garlic, and parmesan, served with both a side of rich tomato sauce and a side of homemade ranch dressing.  Completely addictive.  I could eat two orders of these on my own, in one sitting, and probably would have that night if the pizza hadn't arrived ~7 minutes later and proven itself equally worthy.  Delicious sausage, perfect red onions, and fresh mushrooms (on half), with just the right amount of tang to the tomato sauce and chewiness to the crust.  So.  Good.Over the next several months we tried several more pizzas in various combinations, and loved all of them.  (Note:  We've never managed to order anything actually listed on the menu because my partner and I like pretty much nothing in common when it comes to pizza, e.g., I don't like chicken so their seven(!) chicken pizza options are out, but JJ doesn't like mushrooms/peppers/olives/fresh tomatoes.  But several of the listed items, e.g., Super Vegi, Big Wheel, do look pretty fantastic, and the Alfredo Carbonara pizza would definitely be something I'd go for if I were trying to kill myself with happiness.  And fat.  Mmmmm.  Fat.)Seriously.  Try Free Wheeler.  Your tummy will thank you.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,12/27/2012,13,71,,3,3>Really awesome value. The Southwest omelette with jalapeno, tomato, olive, beans, cheese and avocado, sour cream was way above expectation. Cheese quesadilla for the baby. everything decently priced and it was fast even though almost every table was occupied. I will be dropping back by, just moved very close by and I'm impressed.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,12/25/2012,49,223,3,7,3>Surprisingly this place has improved since I last remember. My family and I used to frequent here often as my father will only go out to eat for Chinese food but in recent years we've noticed it went downhill. We tried it again recently and it was surprisingly good. We got the family dinner with 8 treasure soup, which is pretty decent. The service is always not the friendliest but always efficient, which I care more about anyways. We got the salty fish clay pot, which is pieces of salty fish and tofu, pretty tasty though not as much fish as I'd like. We also got the beef and green beans, which was tasty. The meat and seafood dish (literally called something as vague as that) was also good with shrimp, scallops, I believe pork, and squid. Tasty. Lastly we had to salt baked squid, which is always good. You don't feel the greatest afterward, but hey I love me some good old greasy Chinese food. I think I'll frequent here more often.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/24/2012,42,124,5,6,4>I grew up in Draper when it was still a cow town, before it became Chain Restaurant Central. Pirate O's has been in its current location for years now, and I would always drive by and wonder what exactly it was. A restaurant supply store? A pirate outfitter? It wasn't ever really that clear, and I've never seen any advertising from them.When a store offers a pasta room, a cheese room and a wall o' hot sauce, I pay attention because that, my friends, is an experience.This place offers countless specialty food and cooking tools that simply can't be found anywhere else in the valley. Not only that, but I saw several not-from-Utah regional foods that I haven't seen since I lived in the midwest/south/east coast. I get around.I also dig the little deli inside Pirate O's. It gives me another option for my weekday  work lunches. Not only is the food good, but I can test my commitment to my budget by meandering around the store and browsing while I wait for my order.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,12/23/2012,52,346,3,7,6>I love a cheap quick sandwich from this little place. Since I started working downtown I love coming here. Especially when I was going through the starving student phase. They have a special on a different $2.75 sandwich everyday. Have in mind this is what a truly simply sandwich will be. But they do load it with meat and fresh veggies. And the biggest draw for me to keep coming back. Is the fried rice they have to go with the cheap sandwich. YUM fresh veggies and perfect rice. I will  be back for sure.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,10/31/2012,1710,637,5,5,6>I'm a pessimist. I enjoy being a pessimist, because if you wind up being right about something, you just say, "I knew it." But, if you wind up being wrong about something, you just end up pleasantly surprised. My experience at Epic turned out to be a very pleasant surprise. Strip steak, mushrooms, and soft grilled peppers on parmesan flat breads that were made in-house = a no brainer. A solid/safe recipe. Fluffy, yet crispy crab cakes laced with herbs, coupled with an asian style coleslaw, and a semi-tangy and tasty sauce = are you KIDDING me? Delicious! Then bring on the Mr. Martinez - baby mixed greens, poblano chile & white balsamic vinaigrette, pepitas, manchego cheese and fresh mango. Not much to look at, but SO good. End the meal with a meyer lemon mousse with kiwi, strawberry and blueberries. Perfect silky smooth texture and the flavor of fresh cream with a hint of citrus. The texture reminded me of a panna cotta type dessert I had at Babbo in NYC called fiore di latte. You must order it. As for our server, I have nothing but good to say about Kristy. She set us at ease from the beginning and was thoughtful enough to split the salad and entree on to two plates for each course, because she knew we were sharing. The bill was very reasonable. The whole experience has me excited about going back to sample the rest of the menu. A great first impression. Note: Steer clear of the Sauteed Pacific White Shrimp pasta. It's a bit too sweet and Asian-y for me, and the shrimp was overcooked. Weird.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/30/2012,81,221,1,6,4>An enthusiastic 5 star review for the bar I have been looking for.I must preface this entire review with the fact that I am not a night-owl. Nor am I a frequent bar-goer. However, I like alcohol, and I enjoy the quality stuff. Sure, I know where to get cheap shots and beer but that's not my thing. Pour me a whiskey cocktail that I cannot make at home...and pour it by using all of the fun bartending tools that aren't seen very often. While you're at it, pour these beautiful concotions in a setting that feels as though we stepped back in to the prohibition era (not that I could speak from experience). But I sure like the look and feel of this place.As I mentioned, I am not a late night person, so the crowds aren't a problem. I like sipping on a beverage or 2 before 10pm so seating and wait time is not an issue. Thoroughly enjoyed the mixture of people here and thought the cocktail menu was a harmonious juxtaposition of classic and inventive.The vieux carre is a cocktail I first had in S.C and loved it so I ordered this. Very well done. I am looking forward to next trying their own creation called the Edison.Thank you Ty Burrell AKA Phil Dunphy!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,10/29/2012,245,216,3,6,3>Chungas was my go to place for tacos in Rose Park. It has been for awhile now. But one fateful day, the line for lunch was out the door and I just didn't have the time to wait. I had seen Taqueria El Rey De Oros across the street before but it looks sketchy and closed most of the time. We saw a couple of cars in the lot and decided to give it a try. I couldn't be happier that we did.I got three tacos and a drink for about $3. Say what? Come again? Yeah. Three dollars. What a steal. They could have tasted awful and it would still be a deal. Thankfully, the tacos were amazing! I got two al pastor tacos and one carne asada. Both were delicious but al pastor tends to be my favorite everywhere I go. The meat was tender and spiced just right. The plate was served with spicy pickled carrots. Theirs were not my favorite because they were kind of mushy and I'm a fan of the crunch. But the flavor was great.Let's talk churros. I am a churro connoisseur. I mean, if churros are on the menu, you bet I'm getting one. How can you say no to cinnamon fried goodness? If you can say no, I probably don't trust you. This place has the filled churros, which I often dislike. But yum. We got one of every kind: vanilla, strawberry, and the Mexican cream (perhaps like a dulce de leche?) I was the happiest with my choice, which was the cream one. Crispy on the outside, warm and gooey on the inside. Perfect. We even contemplated getting more churros to go; they were that good.As everyone has mentioned, the ambience is lacking and it's not the cleanest joint but really, who cares when the food is delicious?
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,10/28/2012,18,100,5,5,6>Frida Kahlo's works of art are unique expressions in the world - passionate and complex and very much from the perspective of Mexico.  That is precisely the definition of Frida Bistro - and the integrity in that parallel means the owners are offering something genuine and passionate and you can feel it all around you.  I read that this restaurant was 'sexy.'  And it turns out that is the ideal word to describe Frida Bistro.  The place is Selma Hayek sexy.  The food is sexy.  The drinks are sexy.  The outdoor patio is sexy.  The music is sexy.  The decor is bohemian (sexy) and dripping with color and magic.  All of the guests who were dining that night were sexy.  Even Peter who served up our beautiful meal is...well, very sexy.  When so many items on the menu sound appetizing and service is warm and extremely professional, you have a hit on your hands.  I love the description of the Bistro as 'an oasis' in the industrial area.  Spot on.  And it is an island I would visit over and over again.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,10/27/2012,496,962,,7,4>Holy deliciousness!! Authenticity, indeed.I think I've found my new favorite taqueria in Salt Lake County, and in the entire state.I rolled by on my way home from golfing on an early Sunday afternoon. The parking lot was pretty full, so I decided to hit the drive-thru. When I saw street tacos on the menu, I decided I'b better go inside so that I could dress them up, MY WAY.As I walked in, I noticed the place was packed. I was literally the only gringo in the place, which is usually a good sign. The salsa bar was phenomenal. It had 4 kinds of salsa, 3 kinds of onions, limes, radishes, cilantro and jalapenos. Everything was fresh and super tasty.The street tacos were $1.50/each and were loaded with meat. They also had grilled, caramelized, onions in them, which I thought was a very nice touch.The dining area was clean and comfortable (it used to be a Wendy's) and was in great condition. The service was great and all the employees were very nice.The only downside was that my tacos took about 15 minutes to get to me. But I'll give them a pass on that because they were really busy, and the tacos were definitely worth waiting for.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,10/26/2012,73,133,,4,4>My mom and I decided to start an every other Tuesday ritual of going out together just us girls. We try a different place every time we go out, Vinto was our latest mother daughter bonding fest and it was fantastic!I have actually been here once before with my husband and while it was about a year ago, I remembered how much I loved it and wanted to go again. The inside was clean and minimalistic, our waiter was attentive and sweet.We walked into a quiet dining room with only one other table seated, and it took about 5 minutes for someone to notice us and seat us. We sat at a table along the wall with the half booth and perused the menu.Everything looked fantastic so we decided to share a pretty measurable amount of food:BruschettaSun Dried Tomato and Goat Cheese FlatbreadWatermelon gazpacho (soup of the day)Bianco di Lemone pizzaand of course the Gelato Sampler (aka Vinto Taster)We also ordered a blackberry lemonade tequila drink each that was gorgeous.I loved the bruschetta and my mom did as well, though she thought it could use some balsamic drizzle on top instead of just on the plate. The tomatoes were piled high, the basil was fresh, the garlic was in thin potent strips. It was a wonderful mix of textures that I appreciated. The tomatoes were a little on the under ripe side but the bread was a perfect crunch and I loved the subtle wave of salt as I chewed each piece.The flatbread was delicious, the caramelized onions were perfect, the goat cheese was nice and tart but not too over powering. The balsamic was sweet and the bread was cooked really nicely. It says rosemary on the menu but I didn't catch much of it in taste or smell, but I didn't miss it.Watermelon gazpacho huh? I was a little nervous when my mom ordered this one, but I was surprised how light and summery it tasted. It had "watermelon salsa" and ricotta cream. The bell peppers and onions actually played well with the watermelon and ricotta, so good!The Bianco di Lemone pizza was also a delight. Very cheesy, and the roasted lemon on top was something I wouldn't normally think to put on a pizza, but it tasted like summer as well. I was stoked to see parmigiano reggiano listed as one of the five cheeses, but again, I didn't taste it's lovely saltiness among the others.Our gelato sampler was tasty and consisted of the following flavors:spicy honeybasilcanoli coffeedark chocolateand roasted bananaThe banana was supposed to be strawberry but I'm glad we got banana because it was one of my favorites. The spicy honey was almost too spicy in my throat but I kept eating it because it was so good. I couldn't eat the dark chocolate one since I am not much of a chocolate eater but I was really happy with all of the sweets none the less.We walked away spending $70 I believe (with tip), but hey you can't put a price on spending time with mom and a near flawless meal.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,10/25/2012,63,274,,4,3>Based on other reviews, and the fact this is one Indian place I had not tried yet, wife and I decided to give this restaurant a try last night.  I was hoping for a little better overall, but nothing too major to complain about either.If it spares anyone the full analysis - I'd give this 3 1/2 if I could, but I like to support Indian food in Utah, so it gets rounded up to 4 rather than down to 3.First the lineup for the evening.....1. Papadum (along with the usual chutneys).2. Onion Bajji3. Entree 1 - Chicken Madras4. Entree 2 - Chicken Tikka Masalla5. Garlic Naan6. Basmati RicePapadum - honestly, the usual fare you get in a lot of places, same as you can buy at "specialty" stores and just microwave at home.  That's pretty common in the strip mall Indian places, if you want to know where to find the real proper article, let me know....I'll give you some suggestions of where to go.   The chutneys though, after a little assistance to help with some general surface tension and liquid density separation problems seemed to respond correctly to Archimedes principle when met with Papadum or Onion Bajji (which for the laymen out there means give it a stir first, and don't prod at it too fast or it will be all down your shirt!).Onion Bajji -- Yummy.  Usually these are not as crispy as this, but they were super tasty.  Would definitely get again.Chicken Madras - it's hard to find this in Utah.  It's one of my favorite curry dishes, and traditionally made very hot, but like all places around here they let you choose the heat level - mild, medium or hot.  I order hot, server looks at me and says, you like hot?  I give him the look that means, hotter than the gates of hell and they oblige!  All I can say is, sweet feathery (insert favorite Deity here) this place knows how to do hot!  Even I who loves hot food had to admit that either it's because of the hot summer in general, global warming, or just the sheer amount of spices in this puppy they know how to warm your heart and clear out your sinuses, but its not just hot for hots sake - it is hot that tastes damn good!  I can honestly say I melted my stomach and probably a few icebergs with this one.  And loved every part of it!  And repeated later on as I ate my left overs, bottle of Tums at the ready!Chicken Tikka Massala - It was okay, but not like other places.  I can't pinpoint what it was.  For the wife who likes to get medium level, it was still pretty hot - and I agree, it was still more spicy than most places.  It tasted good to me, but had this odd woody flavor I'm not used to with CTM, not with the chicken as you expect with things cooked in a tandoor oven - but the sauce itself.  Neither of us would get this dish here again, it wasn't horrible, just different.  Trust me I got through all the left overs later!Garlic Naan - Actually I like the Naan here.  Some places I find it a bit too thick and doughy, no real problem here.  Wife is the real Naan aficionado and said it was great.Basmati Rice - it was Basmati Rice.  Little greasy in my opinion, just seemed like it was getting in the way of my curry.  I'm definitely a protein guy though, especially if it's super spicy protein!Service was good, though I will say in some ways slightly 'off' or uncomfortable at times - but I've found this with many Indian places until you get to know them.  It certainly was not bad service by any means.  In fact the owner/manager did come to talk to us and he was awesome, and I think happy to see some new people in.  I noticed plenty of staff talking with people who must be regulars.  It's a good atmosphere overall, just felt a little out of place as newbies there.We would certainly go again, but would avoid the CTM.Good restaurant overall - I'd definitely advise Indian Food aficionados to give it a try.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,10/24/2012,33,37,6,6,2>As as Indian person (who teaches Indian cooking classes and eats quite a bit of Indian food), I feel that I am at least moderately qualified to rate Indian food. This place is freaking AMAZING. The whole setup is completely different from traditional Indian restaurants. Firstly, there's like 5-10 different sauce/curry options that you can get with different meats, paneer or vegetables. This kind of reminds me of thai restaurants where you can choose your curry and your protein. So it's pretty awesome since even vegetarians get to try all the different curries that are sometimes reserved only for meat-eaters.Next, like another reviewer mentioned, they are probably the only place nearby that has a HUGE variety of Indian food that you won't find elsewhere - South Indian food, street food (chaat), Indo-Chinese food. And these gems are not to be missed. If you have never tried Indo-Chinese food or chaat, I pity your mouth a little. Also, this place has fun food events like Dosa nights on Tuesdays or festival foods for different Indian festivals year-round. And their lunch buffet.... *drool* I don't think I can continue writing more about this place without sustaining some serious water/drool damage to my laptop...
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,10/23/2012,27,48,,4,1>I love Eva, it's a great place to get good food and it's pretty cheap. I hardly ever eat at the restaurant, I usually order and have my food delivered to Cheers to You next door. Most of the times I just order from the happy hour menu late at night and just get my food to go, since service is pretty slow and it's a nice excuse to drop in at Cheers and have a beer while I wait for the food.The food is excellent. I love getting the dozen wings for $6, they're tasty and they have a nice kick to them. There's lots of good stuff on the happy hour menu and everything is around $5-6! I love getting the braised pork ribs, they're super tender and the tangy tomato sause it comes with is super tasty. The pig three way pie is really good, so is the goat cheese and beet salad and the brussel sprouts. The Oink! Oink! Oink! from the regular menu is also delicious, it's nice to be able to get pork belly whenever you want. More places need pork belly on their menus!Eva could improve on their service, it tends to be slow. I don't mind too much, though, since I'm usually next door waiting for my food anyway.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,10/22/2012,20,176,,4,3>Best Japanese restaurant in Salt Lake City. Very authentic food. Slow service pretty much always (lunch or dinner, weekday or weekend) but I still come back over and over because I love their rice bowls, sushi rolls, teriyaki fish or chicken. I don't recommend the noodle dishes because the noodles are often a bit overcooked for my taste. Portions are quite large so there is usually plenty of food for lunch the next day. If you've ever been to Japan, this restaurant is a nice reminder of an authentic homemade Japanese meal.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,12/26/2011,30,87,2,3,1>Ok, guys, I have a confession to make. I'm a geek. I've been everywhere from band camp to Star Trek conventions and I know how to run a mass spectrometer. As if I didn't have enough geek street cred, I decided it was high time I read a comic book or two. A few weeks ago, the boyfriend and I headed over to Night Flight and we were blown away. The store is awesome- they have lots of cool trinkets and nerd memorabilia, and oh, the comic books. Yes, comic books upon comic books. I had no idea there was so much variety out there. I wasn't looking for your traditional Superman or X-Men- I wanted something with a great story and well-developed characters that don't have super powers. All three employees there on my inaugural visit were AMAZING. They all had recommendations and they were passionate about them. We picked up several different series and we've been back a half a dozen times since to feed our new addiction. They are getting to know us and always have new recommendations. We joked that one of us is going to have to start working there to pay for our new habit. Haha. :)Now, I know what you're thinking. Comic books? Really? Yes. Really. They aren't just for kids.There is something for everyone and the stories and the art work are so original. I was surprised to find out how many movies were adaptions from comic books- video games, too. Next time you're in the mood for a great story, be a little open minded and pop into Night Flight; you won't be disappointed.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,12/25/2011,89,54,2,5,3>Elemente is always there for me when I move. Each time I switch homes I get crazy and buy all new furniture. (I recently purchased a home, so i wont be moving again for a bit.) Over the years I have purchased some amazing pieces at Elemente. Kate and Teresa are both great and always excited to help me find the perfect piece to add to my collection.Elemente offers an amazing mix of furniture and accessories. I love that they do not specialize in just one decade, but offer a little of everything. The prices are very reasonable and this is what keeps me coming back. I always feel like I am getting a great deal.The hours are kind of funky, so don't be surprised if you show up and it is closed. I recommend going in once a week, if you are crazy like me. or once a month if you are "normal". Shopping at Elemente is like being on a treasure hunt. Plus, don't forget to check out the basement!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,12/24/2011,221,489,2,10,7>Review number 200, ya'll! For the celebration of this round number of reviews (and the one year anniversary of Alan and I meeting), we decided to check out Forage. So we made reservations for one fine Tuesday night.  When a place is hyped up as much as Forage has been, one kind of goes into the experience with a healthy degree of skepticism. Can it really be as good as everyone is saying? I'm here to tell you that it is. Let's start with the atmosphere: intimate, minimalist. Not much on the walls but a few well placed pieces of abstract art, but that's all you really need. The focus is on the food. They have vaguely classical, vaguely new agey music playing, which initially struck me as generic, but then I noticed that one of the songs playing was an orchestral version of "The Way We Get By" by Spoon. That amused me way more than it should. We went with the "three course" menu with the wine pairings. I put the quotes there because it was more like six. After finishing that, I wonder how people can eat all the food on the full tasting menu, because we were quite satisfied after finishing. The meal started with a chestnut croquette with whipped cream on the inside. This was tiny but delicious; a taste of things to come. Next was the soft boiled egg with maple syrup, which seems to be a staple of the menu. This tasted like breakfast. Tasty, tasty breakfast. After that, we were each served a white cheddar beignet, which was kind of like grilled cheese++. They were really hitting the comfort food vibe with these tastes, and I was all about that. These three courses were served with a sparkling pinot noir (a rose looking version), which was probably my favorite of the night.Next, someone came by with slices of buckwheat french bread, served with some of the best butter I ever tasted. I didn't realize that bread and butter would be that mind blowing. They came around with the bread a couple of more times during the meal, and we couldn't ever resist.For the first official course, I got the pork belly. It was served with a poached hen egg, sunflower sprouts, and some sort of garlic puree. This was my favorite dish of the night. The garlic and the richness of the egg yolk complimented the pork perfectly. Alan got the scallops, which were served with cauliflower and some sort of truffles (I think). This was really nice too, as the mild flavors really brought out the fresh taste of the scallops. My dish was served with a pinot noir blend that was strong enough to hold up with the pork, but mild enough not to overpower. The scallops were served with a very rich and oaky chardonnay. Next came the main course. I got the lobster claws, which were cooked in seaweed, shelled and served with salmon roe, some sort of seeds, and smoked cabbage. I've never really thought of cabbage as something more than pretty good, but something about smoking it totally blew my mind. I'm not sure why, but it was simply amazing. The smokiness combined with the saltiness of the salmon roe was perfect with the lobster. Alan's main course was equally spectacular. He got the lamb dish. I'm unsure of the details of its preparation, but it was served with onions and potatoes. This was another one that was in the comfort food realm, and again wonderfully so. The lobster was served with a white whose variety I can't recall, but it was dry and quite minerally, which worked very well with the flavors in my dish. The lamb was served with a very nice cabernet. Because we were enjoying all of the flavors so much, we decided to get the cheese tasting in addition to our third course. I don't recall the names of the varieties, but one was solid in texture and vaguely blue cheesy and the other was much softer and saltier. This was served with homemade crackers and an onion jam. The combination of flavors was again exquisite. Our pre-dessert dessert was a green apple sorbet served with some sort of cookie crumbs. Very nice sweet/tart contrast here. Next came the actual desserts. Mine had pear, yogurt, dried oats, and another ingredient or two that I can't recall. The flavors here were very bright and tart, super tasty. The best part was how well it worked with Alan's dessert, which was chocolate four ways. The interesting thing about that dish was that the chocolate wasn't sweetened nearly as much as usual, and retained that mild bitterness, which was a nice change from the usual cavity-inducing chocolate servings, and was just awesome with the tart pear dessert. Additionally, the desserts were served with a rather sweet sparkling white, so the sugary flavors weren't totally absent. Very nice.Service, of course, was excellent. All the servers were very polite, knowledgeable and were eager to answer any questions we had. Prices were definitely high (one of the more expensive meals I've ever had), so this isn't a place to go to regularly. However, if you're looking for a once-in-a-lifetime experience for a special occasion, this is it.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,12/23/2011,434,167,5,6,5>I kept lingering over the 3 & 4 star marks, probably for a solid minute. But, I seriously can't stop thinking about this joint's creamcheese frosting. I would like to go in next time and ask for just a bowl of it. Okay, thats a completely gross thing to say, and very fat-kid in a storebought icing container-esqe, but holy hell.. that shit is crazy good. More on this soon.   Once again, this is a place I've driven by several times and been rather intrigued, so I used my birthday yesterday as a mental excuse to drag Manfriend in and get "Birthday Cake". I think our fearless leader Jeffrey S. describes it best as hypnotic, because my eyes slightly glazed over upon entrance. You want a particular baked good? They have it. I promise.   This has been pointed out several times, but I will reiterate that it is rather confusing in here, and the employees seem to be frazzled. There is a cafe type thing going on in the front, then the bakery case towards the back, so I could imagine getting distracted and feeling intruded upon if I were to sit down to a meal here, with all the people waiting in line and such. Luckily I was just here for CAKE. Sweet, delicious cake.    In recent months I have acquired a sweet-tooth from hell. After several minutes of contemplation (I wanted damn near everything), I decided upon red velvet cake. Manfriend offered to get me a WHOLE cake. Umm.. wow. Who do you think I am? ...Okay, I probably would have accepted this offer, but the cake was 40 bucks, and I couldn't justify this for something I hadn't tried yet. He also had them throw in a cannoli for himself.     The cake was delicious, and that frosting... I'm so glad the cake had an abundance of it.. almost a 50/50 cake/frosting ratio. Its seriously SO GOOD. Not too sweet, so I imagine it would be rather easy to eat entirely too much of it without feeling nauseated. The cake portion itself was good.. the bottom could have been a bit more moist. It was slightly dried out. Hence the lack of 5th star.    I would like to try their actual food, the french dip looks pretty amazing.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2011,12/22/2011,63,139,10,3,2>If you were always fond of that relative of yours who had too much wood paneling in their house... If you wonder what red velvet looks like as border along the top of a room... Or if you always wanted to swap out your overhead kitchen florescent lights with a decorative stained glass version, Coachman's is the place for you.Coachman's Dinner & Pancake & Wood Paneling Showroom was a suprisingly not horrible blast from the past place to eat.  I was with a fun loving group of people and we were quickly taken to our table by the hostess.  We all aimed to order different items from their large menu.  They have everything from huge diner plates, to spaghetti dinners "fit for a king" to breakfast any time of the day.  And don't be scared by a oddly liberal usage of quotations around key food descriptors in their menu.  All the food tasted just like the oddly quoted words described it would.The main benefit of Coachman's is the abnormally large portions.  In a world of rising commodities prices, its good to know that a restaurant can still roll food straight off the Sysco truck, to the fryer and direcly to your plate, no seasoning needed, for a reasonable price.  These's aren't momma's recipes, they're the local food distributors.  Is that bad?  No, its just nothing out of the ordinary.  You won't get a bad plate of food on the menu.  You just won't be asking them what their secret recipe is, the Turkey is the Turkey and the Fried Chicken is just Fried Chicken.The standout unexpected winner of the meal was the Bread Pudding.  Despite some cold spots and a very thin cream sauce, it was surprisingly good.  It surely beats the one scoop of ice cream and the pseudo-flan that was also served.So in conclusion, grab your AARP card, a roll of cash and you finest polyester threads and head down to Coachman's.  If you make it in the front door without giving all your dinner money to a homeless person, you're sure to have a tasty middle of the road type of dining experience.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,12/21/2011,63,225,,5,3>I came by here on a mission today to find a nightstand with many stipulations- it had to be kind of small, a neutral color, high enough and open without any drawers or shelves. It was a tall order, but we were armed with a list of area consignment shops. We had already checked out a few others , but this one was really different! It wasn't just furniture- there was jewelry, some vintage clothes, rugs, and some very random housewares(for instance, there was a small wooden dog on wheels).  I thought the arrangement of the store was fun and set up in a way to encourage you to poke around. It was the type of place you'd like to spend a few hours on a rainy afternoon. There were shorter tables underneath taller tables covered in chairs, cute storage boxes, picture frames, linens, jewelry, and other colorful, girly antiques. I had my slightly impatient boyfriend with me, so I didn't get to spend as much time as I would've liked, but I know I'll be back.The prices were pretty reasonable. While we were in the shop, a girl came in to pick up a super cute couch she'd bought for $100. The nightstand I was considering was whitewashed and distressed, and priced at $35! I saw several other contenders in the same price range. The girl working behind the register was pleasant and seemed willing to help us. There is a nice parking lot of either side of this building, so I can't imagine a time when you would not be able to find a spot. I guess the only thing that disappointed me about this store was it's size- I want more space to wander around and look at more cool stuff!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,12/20/2011,270,98,3,7,6>Crunchy, buttery, caramely, perfectly stretchable croissant dough. The Kouing Aman is the perfect child of a croissant and caramel roll. But better. They are pricey (at least for Salt Lake standards) at 4.95 each but you will not need more than one. You may want more than one, but your arteries would appreciate it if you paced yourself. I haven't had anything at Les Mads that wasn't amazing but Romina's specialty truly is with flaky, delectable layers of crust and butter. You would be remiss if you left without trying a croissant of some sort - plain, pain au chocolat, or Kouing Aman (Koo-een Aman). Hands down the best pain au chocolat in the city. This particular item is my to die for snack. Many of the other bakeries make them but none with the layers done right with flake and stretch to the dough. The chocolate innards aren't some terribly done lump like some but is rather the perfect semi-sweet melty innards a dough like that deserves. The bakery itself is quaint, bright, and has a charm of its own. Not a single complaint from these lips. I even have my own bakery bandit to provide me with delivery!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,12/19/2011,9,27,10,9,5>I still love Grove, but I felt it necessary to pass along a useful technique that will keep your sandwich from falling apart. The trick is the toothpicks that come stabbed into your sandwich. Don't discard them! Instead, you need to strategically keep them in the middle of your sandwich at all times. Take a bite, center your toothpick, take a bite, center your toothpick, and so on. Be warned that as you get closer to the end, biting into the toothpick becomes a serious threat. BE TOOTHPICK SMART and enjoy your sandwich in it's perfectly organized manner, just like God intended.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,12/18/2011,114,115,2,10,3>Let's get a review of someone who doesn't know these guys. Fabulous spot next to Brewvies, this is a great change of pace from the much loved bar type food. This could be a cool block for dining. These guys just opened up so the word hasn't gotten out so don't let the spaciousness make you think twice. I hope they keep the stage and use it in the future. The staff is pretty friendly and attentive. I started off with some curry puffs, one of my favorites! they were flaky and tasty but a bit mushy near the middle. The sauce it comes with was really tasty. I'd still recommend it though.For the main entree I decided on the Koi Soy with chicken, because they are the THIRD Thai place that says they are the only ones to make Koi Soy. :) It looked great coming out, I liked that they use two noodles in the dish, crispy and the rice noodles that you'd find in Pad Thai. As I stirred the noodles around I discovered it definitely was chicken, a whole drumstick was in there. The meat was just falling off the bone, yum. The curry has decent flavor and left a slight tingle on my lips. Another yum. It's a solid 3.5 stars based on my first experience. I would really need to go back a couple of more times to see if it deserves a solid four and maybe even a 5 star. So if you want a place kinda downtown but don't want the hassle of downtown parking, give these folks a try. Especially for lunch since it looks like they have lunch specials.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,12/17/2011,106,206,3,12,6>The one on 3355 Highland is the actual location- their outlet is on Parley's and has a very different selection.  I love this place. In fact, so much, that I'll tell you right now not to shop there if you are any of the following sizes: XS, 0 dresses, 24/25 jeans, 5.5-6 shoes.  It's a little embarrassing to get my clothing sizes out there, but it's worth it if you leave me those brand-new with tags Citizen of Humanity corduroy pants ($39.99), Diane von F bustier top ($30), and cute-as-hell Frye cowboy boots ($90).Otherwise, please do go ahead and shop here! I brought a friend here today, who picked up an awesome purple military style Steve Madden peacoat for $30.  Other things I saw that didn't fit: an XS peacock blue Tadashi cocktail gown, a whole bunch of Free People tops, another pair of Frye boots that were TOO SMALL (my heart broke a little when I squeezed my tiny feet into them and realized I was Cinderella's ugly stepsister...), some Emilio Pucci moonboots...Plus, the staff that works there is totally sweet and helpful- and they'll gush along with you when you discover a good find-- and join you in your tee-heeing as you tell them that you really shouldn't be buying this, but you can't help it- they're so stinkin' cute!!!This place is a heaven for us that don't have enough money to actually afford the clothes we want to wear.  Since it's a consignment shop, the selection is always changing, making every visit a new treasure hunt.  Actually, it's probably a good thing I'm not usually in the area- my wardrobe already encroaches upon my husband's space in our closet as it is!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,12/16/2011,148,68,9,9,5>My fellow Yelpers, let me begin by saying, do not judge this book by it's cover! For the treasure you will find is worth far past it's weight in gold.I have been putting off going to this place for a fortnight, maybe longer. (I've just been wanting to use fortnight in a review) My reluctance has been solely based on it's outward appearance.  I know, I know it's horrible of me to say but I'm being honest! However I broke down and gave it a shot! Let me start with a little explanation of the exterior. It seems to me they spent a lot of money on the sign, it's a nice sign, but does nothing to draw you in. This diamond in the rough is slotted between a couple random shops in an inconspicuous strip mall. Let the mundane stop there. I walked in the front door not knowing what to expect, and from the outside appearance I was bracing myself for the worst. I was so stunned I had to shake off the shock and take another look. The dining room is elegant, clean, roomy, and any other good analogy you can think of for a restaurant dinning area. The smell was inviting, and the lunch buffet area open and inviting. To top it off they have fresh flowers at every table.We were greeted by a very humble and kind gentleman who took us to our seat he asked us for our preference, booth or table, and obliged. He immediately filled our waters, and asked if we had any questions about the restaurant. We both opted for the buffet and away we went. The buffet is well laid out, clean, and organized. Everything fresh, labeled, and  easy to access. There was a huge assortment of food. From fresh salad, vegetarian, rice, and meat dishes. There was something for all! Upon sitting down the kind/humble man, our server, asked if we wanted any additional drinks or fresh nan. We opted for the traditional, however there were many options, and it was hot fresh, and delicious. The reason I'm giving Tandoor a 5 start rating is due to my recent experiences at their very close competitors, in close I mean both in location and menu.  I have had a couple bad experiences at these competitors and was so surprised and refreshed by every aspect of my experience at Tandoor. I encourage everyone that loves Indian cuisine to go out on a limb and try this diamond in the rough! You will be happy you did! P.S. The only plus I could think to add to this place would be a live sitar player in the corner, I would volunteer but I don't know the first thing about sitar playing!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,12/15/2011,81,221,,7,2>Loved it. Got to meet the owners and they were so friendly and fun. They put a lot into their place and it shows. We live in taylorsville and wanted to try breakfast. Had a breakfast burrito and sandwich. Amazing deal! The food was hot and tasty. We were shocked at how afforable it is! Definitely try this place. Great selection... support our local businesses. We will be back for sure!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,12/14/2011,118,131,2,4,3>One word... Biscuits biscuits biscuits. Okay, technically thats three words but you know what I mean. Sunday morning brunch on the patio with a Bloody Mary and a biscuit could probably satisfy me every week, but I usually also get something that I always end up only eating half of.  Don't get me wrong, Ruth's menu is great, offering breakfast, lunch and dinner anytime, but there are many things to get excited about. The breakfast menu is the first place I go as I am almost always there in the morning. If you are looking for somewhere to sit down for a nice meal outdoors, I highly recommend Ruths!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,12/13/2011,375,534,5,10,11>If you're serious about coffee, Nobrow is the only place in town you need to know about. They feature the caffeinated stylings of fine bean purveyors such as Ritual and Intelligentsia and don't bother with the frou-frou nonsense of a venti white chocolate artificial raspberry coffee concoction dusted with angel whispers.  It's just coffee, people.  And a little bit of chai.Bonus: it's a laid-back, open space featuring the work of some fabulous local artists-- the perfect place to take in your Sunday paper or work quietly on your next best-selling novel.  It's my kind of place.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,12/12/2011,24,21,8,9,7>I like my Mexican Food old school .. sloppy full of cheese and refried beans... sprouts and sunflower seeds have no place in a burrito. If you agree to that statement then this is the place to go in SLC for "fast food" type Mexican. Family owned and independent Hectors has an especially big following with the local snowboard and ski crowd and has appeared in Nike ads, Zumiez ads and others in countless snow mags. When my out of town friends visit SLC we always stop here before home. First day of the snow season .. stop at Hectors afterwards. Last day of the season ... stop at Hectors afterwards. Pow day... Hectors. You kinda get the point. I hear the Carne Asada is the best but being vegetarian I usually go with the stock bean and cheese burrito with sour cream .. mmmmm. Everything is made to order, even the chips for the nachos,  just the way you want it. Also all the salsas and veggies are cut and made daily on site. Also portions are nice and big. Oh and they have fries!Being a local favorite you may have to wait a long time for your food but if you cant understand that when you are in a line out the door hats your issue not theirs.A must for any lover of "traditional" Mexican food in SLC.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,12/11/2011,64,99,,4,5>This restaurant was highly recommended by people and did not disappoint.  I ordered the Larb and Chicken Panang curry.  The food had great taste and was spicy.  Regarding spiciness, the tofu Larb was a 1 and the curry was a 4.  Both tasted great and the curry was fairly spicy.  I think I could go for a spicier number, but we will see.  The staff was extremely friendly and recommended dishes.  I learned they have another location further south.  I will without a doubt be back to this location because of the food and staff.  I do wish they had beer on tap, but it is all good
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,12/10/2011,57,67,,7,4>I can't say enough about how awesome the banh mi are here.  I'm used to bahn mi from the Vietnamese section in Brooklyn ($4.00-$4.50 per, with perfect spice and homemade pate and bread).  These are almost as good, definitely the best I've found in SLC so far, and even less expensive.  The meats and pickled vegetables are always fresh and tasty, the bread (although a bit too much for my taste) is perfectly crispy on the outside/soft on the inside, and the spice is burn-your-mouth worthy.  I promise: Try the pork meatball, grilled pork, and combination banh mi and you won't be disappointed.  Also delicious are the spring rolls  . . . so much so that my mouth is watering a little just remembering them . . . and the Vietnamese coffee. It's a 40-minute roundtrip drive for me to get there, and it's well worth every minute.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2011,12/9/2011,68,80,6,6,6>Twilite Lounge looks sketchy, has a sketchy name, and attracts sketchy people. However, It's not too bad if you have an open mind!I've only been here once and it was an interesting experience. I think almost everybody I saw there was a regular. Nobody was really interacting with each other, they all kind of sat there in a zombie-like state. The bar area is big enough for a group of people and there is enough seating throughout the rest of the "lounge" area. Still, Twilite gives off a creepy vibe with low lighting and old furniture. Definitely don't go here if you're looking to party it up Vegas style. It's dive-y atmosphere almost resembles a biker bar. If you have a good group of people, there is some potential for a fun time. I suppose I give it 3 stars because sometimes it's nice to just kick it with some hobos.Find Me In: Jeans and a t-shirt. Dress up more than that and you're getting sketchy looks as well.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,12/8/2011,496,962,6,6,4>The deli is much better than the market. Or, if my "free translation" from the Interwebs is accurate, "La gastronomia è molto migliore del mercato!"While Granato's market leaves something to be desired and is nowhere near the best in the city, the Deli is right up there with the best. The lasagne and other daily-special pasta dishes are always excellent. I love their sandwiches too. They are served on crispy Italian loaves and the meats and cheeses are always fresh, flavorful and delicious. I'm also a huge fan of their salads. The olives are tremendous!Granato's Deli is a great place to stop for lunch.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,12/7/2011,50,142,2,4,2>When I got invited out to The Garage, I was like "what's the garage...?" And as I was driving the non-normal way from 215 to reach my destination, driving over a super trax  crossing, seeing only sketchy warehouses and desolate streets with tumbleweeds, I began to wonder what I was getting myself into. As I came upon a refinery, a bright neon sign caught me attention and then I notices the line-up of cars parked outside. It was crazy. The Garage is a hipster, warehouse and industrial bar. A totally chill atmosphere with a sizable indoor bar and a great patio bar. Plus the drinks were pretty inexpensive, which is always a plus. I definitely want to hangout here more.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2011,6/25/2011,45,107,2,2,3>I am a total foodie, and as well as dining out, I also love to cook in. Spoons-N-Spice is my go-to for kitchen gadgets and random spices. I'm admittedly too cheap to purchase appliances & cookware here, I do visit frequently and dream about the day when I will not be so inclined to hold on so tightly to my hard earned cash. I am pretty much mesmerized by the colorful display of potholders and aprons every time I visit. Bright fancy colors and patterns? YES!  Me likey.As Andrew S. described, it is basically a maze of shelves and displays. It is pretty easy to get lost in here for a couple hours, especially if you love to cook and/or eat. The staff are fairly friendly, though on my last visit, I was waiting in line to pay for my glass oil cruet, and there was a sales person standing at the counter, not doing anything. She made eye contact with me, smiled, and then walked away. I was baffled that she didn't offer to ring me up, but it wasn't off putting enough to make me want to never come back.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,6/24/2011,48,385,2,3,2>For those that denounce chain store establishments in favor of good "mom and pop" type, this IS the sandwich shop and convenience store to visit.  The store section manages to squeeze in a lot of what you would need in a precious small amount of space.  Somehow though, I dont think people are going here for the stock, but rather the sandwiches.  As others have stated, these sandwiches are HUGE!  If your getting a sandwich for yourself, get a half sandwich.  Seriously, you might even feed two off the half, or make two meals out of it.  The condiments are plenty both in portions and choices at a very reasonable price.  The meat slices are NOT paper thin or sparce.  Just recently added is a pulled pork sandwich that you simply MUST try... chances are you'll be back for more!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,6/23/2011,20,15,3,6,6>I grew up in Emigration Canyon but that was a lonnnng time ago so I had never heard of this place until I ran by it but apparently this little gem has been open for eight years!  What?  Nobody bothered to tell me!  That' s just rude.  Okay, okay I'm over it because now I've been and it was very good!  After our 10-mile run from East Canyon down Emigration we were beyond hungry so we decided to drive back up to The Sun and Moon Cafe, it's a quaint little place with a very friendly staff.  Nothing fancy but clean and inviting.They are opening their patio in a couple of weeks vs. the typical "we don't open until Mother's Day" and I'm so excited to go there, sit out on the patio and listen to the live music!  As well as going to the wine/beer tastings they offer each month.It's nothing fancy but the food is very good.  I had a breakfast burrito and some yummy breakfast potatoes with coffee.  The only thing  I wish they had was a better selection of sweetners for my coffee. Their dinner menu looks exciting, one side has a "bar menu" with the usual nacho's, wings, etc. and the other side is an eclectic array of their specialty foods. I will totally go again...a must try in my book!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,6/22/2011,24,80,,5,5>Holy cow the food here is great!  I have never had pupusas before going to El viroleno, but it sure made a fan out of me.  I tried every type of pupusa they sell, they are only $1.50 so i still got out of there with a cheap lunch, and i loved all of them.  My favorite was the straight pork one.  It was amazing.  I even tried a tamale, which I normal do not like, and it was even good.  The filling was delicious and the masa dough was lighter and more moist then any other tamale i have had.  The pupusas also come with this fantastic vinegar based slaw that is spiced in a very interesting way.  While the place may seem a bit sketchy, dont let it scare you away.  This place is truly a diamond in the rough.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,6/21/2011,45,58,2,4,2>RubySnap is my favorite afternoon indulgence.  The cookies are big and warm and soft.  The flavors are creative and unique and the service is friendly.This place is one you want to stop by and at least try a sample...these girls are generous with their samples and will give you as many as you want.  And they aren't little samples either...they are almost half a cookie!Each month a new flavor is highlighted.  November's is a pumpkin cookie with raisins and a mascarpone icing.  It is so good!  I actually licked the tissue paper it came wrapped in.SO GOOD!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,6/20/2011,66,33,2,4,4>Southern food meets Filipino cuisine? Regardless what your first impression may be, don't be frightened or think it doesn't work. It does. It's miraculous that any late-night diners can remain open now that we have Bayleaf. I've yet to find a dish that was disappointing, and am absolutely in love with their menu. It's fresh, delicious, affordable, and has a twist of unique paired with the familiar.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,6/19/2011,127,38,,6,4>Their customer service is great and I'm a HUGE fan of both their chocolate-dipped rice krispy treats which sandwich a layer of caramel & marshmallow (good grief) and their pretzel sticks which have a layer of caramel and then are dipped in dark chocolate. I've never seen this done anywhere else and I love love love it!The place is usually packed in the evenings, try to come before dark.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,6/18/2011,33,37,2,5,5>The food here is fantastic! And the service is pretty good too. Their curries are flavorful and delicious without having like a cup of oil floating in the serving dish. (Yes, this happens at some Indian places.)The first time I went in, the waiter got my spice level right. I said something along the lines of medium-hot (higher than medium but less than burn-your-face-off spicy). However, the second time, they got it milder than I'd like. I guess I'd give it 5 stars if only the spice level was consistent. But to their credit, maybe they are just used to medium or hot, and not in-between levels.The food is seriously fantastic here. I HIGHLY recommend it. Also, it seems to be the only Indian restaurant around that also has some South Indian food, so that's awesome. Give this place a try!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,6/17/2011,73,69,,6,4>My favorite furniture consignment store ever. I could literally lose myself in this store for hours. It's a great mix of items ranging from the 40's to the 70's. Anyone who is into consignment shopping knows that there is a fine line between tacky and amazing and Elemente knows exactly where that line is. Unlike a lot of stores around town, the store is anything but your grandma's antique store. The shop is located in an old warehouse loft on Pierpont avenue which just adds to it's charm. Combine all of this with great staff and you have the recipe for my dream store.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,6/16/2011,64,258,,5,5>This is a small donut shop that's been in this location for at least 18 years that I know of. I just discovered that they were still in business so I've been buying from them lately to hand out to customers and skimming a few for myself here and there. The selection isn't huge but its enough, and the flavor and quality is excellent. The people that work here are so nice, the tiny little lady that owns the place is always trying to carry my big stack of donut boxes to my car! I was going to go for four stars but the more I think about this place, the service and the donuts I have to give them five stars.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,11/20/2012,43,31,1,6,4>I have a love affair with this place.  It seems as if Pago reaches in to my brain and produces exactly the fresh flavors I crave.  Each and every time I bring someone new here, they end up falling in love with the place as well.  Brunch is as good as it gets and everything I've tried doesn't disappoint.  Considering the tiny space the chefs have to work in, I am truly blown away.The only reason why I didn't give the fifth star is because the service can be hit/miss.  One time while waiting for the remainder of our party to arrive, our list of friends kept growing and growing and our server was more than happy to relocate our table in order to accommodate our large group.  She was great.  Another time, our drinks were dry and the service was spotty.  I will always come back to Pago for the food, and I highly recommend  this place based on the food and wonderful chefs.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,11/19/2012,123,201,3,5,1>The Blue Plate Diner hits my comfort spot real well.I love this place so much and the heartiness of it makes my stomach feel so loved. A little bit overly loved. I guess that's why they're called love handles, right?Yes, anything you get here will be super scrumptious and filling. And if you love that diner feel then you'll just feel right at home here.I just had a dish with salmon and potatoes and fell deeply, deeply into a good mood. Such good, good food with a nice chill atmosphere.Oh, and they have good dishes that are vegan/vegetarian friendly!Definitely check out this place if you've never been!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/18/2012,54,206,1,5,3>This is one of those places where, when you go, you think, "Why don't we come here more often?"  I simply do not have the answer, because I love Cannella's.They have great daily drink and food features, like a $5 glass of Chianti (Mon.) and spaghetti & meatballs, or $5 cucumber martini & $ mussels (Fri) that don't disappoint.  To be honest, I've been blown away by the food.  The meatballs are good enough to make one second-guess vegetarianism.  Oh, and don't forget the side of garlic bread.  It may be $4, but it's worth it.  The menu is varied, moderately priced, and the dishes are tasty and well presented.Plus, I love the atmosphere.  It's classy Italian-meets-casual-hipster, with what seem like fun, interesting people in the booths and at the bar.  The music seems just about right, and, if you need it, there's a TV in the corner, too.It's a great spot; you won't be disappointed.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,11/17/2012,136,248,3,3,3>I love me some soup kitchen. The prices are great and the food is always good. The pastrami rocks and I literally get it every time. Buddies of mine love the SKS amongst others. It's close to my work place so we come often. The ladies behind the counter are pretty cool as well. They gave my buddy crap cause he doesn't eat his vegetables haha.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,11/16/2012,605,129,11,12,11>Cafe Anh Hong's won me over for dim sum!  It's so affordable here!  Everything costs only about $2 (which is so much cheaper than the $3-5 price tag of other SLC dim sum locations).  As a dental student piled high in debt, I really appreciate places like this that I don't have to feel bad eating out at with friends!Things Quynh Dao N, Ngoc V, Linda V, Evelyn T, and I tried: Shrimp har kow.  Comes with 4.  Pretty good, but I found the covering to be a hard for my preference.Shrimp and leek dumpling. Comes with 3.  First time I tried this, and it was pretty good.  I liked it and it tasted light and healthy.  Great for anyone trying to eat healthy with dim sum!Turnip cake.  Comes with 2.  It's good!  Very starchy, but so good!  This was actually my first time trying this, and I enjoyed it!  In OC/LA, it usually comes with eggs, but this place apparently doesn't have that option.Shu Mai.  Comes with 4.  So good!  We must have ordered at least 4 of these between the four of us! haha, I was really craving this, so it really hit the spot.  The meat is steaming and juicy.  I really enjoyed it and would come back just for this!+1 Star: Awesome prices.  It seems to be the cheapest dim sum prices I've found in SLC area, so this alone is really worth it for me!+1 Star: Fast service.  They're quick to take away the steamers when there is no more food on them, and they're quick to ask if we want anything else.  I really appreciated that.+1 Star: Tasty Food.  I liked everything and everything really hit the spot for me.+1 Star: Spacious location.  Tables are spaced away from each other and tables are clean.+1 Star: No wait!  I'm used to having to wait to be seated for dim sum, especially on weekends, but coming in here on a weekend, we had no wait and was seated immediately!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,11/15/2012,42,262,1,7,1>Some of the best thai I have had in Utah. Very authentic. If you like papaya salad (Sum Tum) you have to try it here. Nice and cold and hot and acidic and sweet. mmmmmmTried all sorts of things on the menu with no disappointments.The place was a little smokey when I was there... but they opened a door and cranked up the fan.Every time I'm in town I will eat here.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,11/14/2012,83,511,,1,4>So there are 2 locations, this one on state street and another in west valley near pho hoa but this place has the best pho.  The portions are generous, the taste is amazing and they give you enough basil!  Condiments are on the table.  The egg rolls are amazing.  The owners are awesome.  It really is the best.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,11/13/2012,109,387,5,2,1>We ordered on the phone to pick up.I got the special of the week or w/e, while my friend got the turkey whatever sandwich.He said it was just okay. I jizzed my pants with how delish my sandwich was. It had gouda cheese, garlic bbq sauce, and bacon and some other stuff, that mixed between bread, creates what 1000 kamasutra books could produce in any man.I loved it.And if you order it and pick it up, you can skip the line!Loved it.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,11/12/2012,4,55,2,6,3>I am thrilled with the food!My favorite Thai place in Chandler, AZ was called Yuphas. Since moving here nearly 3 years ago, the only place that has been really good is Pawits Royale Thai way up in Holladay. My husband and I have been here twice now and I am in love - and it's in the South Valley. Between our 2 visits we have had Laad Nah, Drunken Noodles, Pad Thai, Pork Pot Stickers, Tom Kha Gai soup and Thai Noodle soup (a thai version of Pho). We have loved everything! It was not spicy but they bring a tray of condiments for you to jazz it up if you like. The meat quality is nice, the taste is great and the plating is pretty. Now - the service.. both were good. On our first visit we went Sunday afternoon, honestly - not thinking of the time. There were people  in there and cars, but the door was locked. A lady heard us at the door, explained that they didn't open till 5 but invited us in anyway. I think the staff was eating prior to opening. She waited on us - even though we cut into her downtime. She was great and we tipped her well. The second time was good but we waited a while before being seated. Restaurants seem to come and go in the South Valley unless it's a chain. I so hope that others give this place a shot. I am sure any little mis-steps are simply being a new place and getting settled - and really, they werent a big deal. Try it so I don't have to give up my drunken noodles!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,11/11/2012,46,167,2,4,3>I remember when I was a kid, Pioneer Park had the reputation as the scary park.  As in, "We'll go to a park kids, but not THAT park."  Yeah, it's a totally different park these days.  Now I associate Pioneer Park with cool events because I only seem to come here when something rad is going on.  I'm a big fan of the Twilight Concert Series in particular.  And the Farmers Market can be fun.  All in all, it's a great sized park located near some pretty cool places downtown.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,6/28/2013,5,17,,5,5>From what I have been able to find this is the only real range in town.Shotguns: They have a nice skeet area setup, if you enjoy skeet then you will enjoy your time at Lee Kay as this is probably one of their best areas..22's: They have a little area at the end of the range for .22 plinking. A few tables and a bunch of small steel silhouette targets setup around 25yds and 50yds if I recall.Long Rifles: They have a variety of lanes setup for long rifles (as I recall they do have a few lanes allocated specifically for .22's)Cost: $5 per day for adults which is a pretty normal range fee.Staff: Most the staff is pretty friendly in the office, but once you get out to the range they can be pretty intense and abrupt. Our group was yelled at a few times for things like firing too fast and such but as long as you respond to their requests and stay calm it's really not a major issue, though I did deduct a star for this as I think they could be better about how they interact with the shooters.Rules: The rules are pretty standard, safety first, always wear ear and eye protection, make sure you are always handling the fire arms safely and they are always pointing down range, actions should always be open and cleared during a cease fire. 22's are only allowed in the .22 area just to keep 22 shells from making a mess out of the entire range. They also want you to wait at least one second between shots, while I don't like this rule it is a pretty standard rule on most ranges.Overall it's a good range with good benches and equipment. There are bathrooms and as I recall a vending machine or two in the main building. I have yet to see a better option in the area, it's just really too bad they are so far out there or I would go more often. They do offer several classes but I have not been to any of them so I couldn't say anything specific about how good their classes are.If you want to do some rapid fire and real plinking you may want to consider heading out to the desert, but for a range this is about as good as it gets in the area.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,6/27/2013,10,158,,3,4>Great place for the all american burger or breakfast. Stopped in today for a quick bite. Had the patty melt with fries and hubby had the bacon cheeseburger with fries. My patty melt was delicious... nice and hot, juicy and flavorful. I'll have to ask to have it with swiss next time since that's what I like on them but even with a slice of american, it was tasty. The fries were fresh and have not been sitting in grease all day.Hubby loved his burger. The bacon was thick and not fatty at all like you can get in some places. He had three good sized strips on there so he was happy.The lady at the register was nice and friendly. The cool thing is while we were waiting, she would greet many customers by name which tells me she's worked there awhile and there are many regulars. Good spot and will for sure be back.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,6/26/2013,19,27,,2,2>Cute little pizzeria. Loved the patio dining! Great ambiance, excellent service. Loved that we can chat with the owner in the open kitchen while he cooks the pizzas. The crust was an awesome New York crispy crust and the pepperoni was maybe the best I've ever had. We also got the ultimate white and pesto. The homemade pesto sauce was fantastic!! We will going back to try the new haven and the chocolate cake I caught a glimpse of on my way out!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,6/25/2013,0,9,,4,2>I've had the opportunity to try Surefire Pizza on several occasions. Unlike many of the local pizzerias, Surefire doesn't use globs of cheese and sauce that weigh the pizza down. The result is a light and airy pizza that still leaves you satisfied. This is the best pizza I've had outside of Chicago.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,6/24/2013,36,20,2,2,2>The Provo City Library is a magical wonderland. The building itself is the original Brigham Young Academy and it is old and lovely. They have a great selection of books, DVDs, magazines, etc., and I can generally find what I'm looking for. The only downside is that sometimes I have to put things on hold to be able to get them, but even that is a very convenient process - I get an email when the item is ready to pick up, and it is waiting nicely for me on the hold shelves.The library also offers programming like classes and concerts, though I haven't partaken in too many of them.Overall, I have had nothing but good experiences at this library. It is a beautiful place.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,6/23/2013,58,22,,2,1>If you want Italian food on the go, this is a great place for it. The woman behind he counter liked the process of getting your meal to going to Subway, and she was right: you start at one end, picking your pasta, then a sauce, then two toppings (meatballs, veggies, etc.). They put the food in a more round version of a Chinese take-out box, which is convenient if you don't finish it and want to take it home. They also serve signature pasta dishes and salads (the spinach salad is great!) and each pasta gets a small piece of garlic bread. I appreciated them having a gluten-free pasta option, which is covered differently so as to keep it from cross contamination. The people who work there are friendly and helpful. And they have a good assortment of sodas as well as flavored Pelligrinos. They have patio seating, too. The only thing about it I'd change was the music, which was geared more towards teens and wasn't very relaxing. But I'd go again for take out.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,6/22/2013,1,17,,5,2>This is my favorite restaurant (sushi or otherwise) in Utah. I've been a loyal customer for nearly two years now, and I still can't get enough. The owners have built a great place to eat, even if you don't like sushi they have something for you. They make US style sushi, and if you don't like seaweed, (like my wife) substitute soy paper ($1 extra), or order a fresh roll (rolled in a thin strip of cucumber without rice).  If sushi isn't your thing, try the Sakana steak. You can order it as an entrée or as part of a salad. It is tender, flavorful, the right temperature, and perfectly seasoned (if you ask for A-1 you're an idiot).  They also have a chicken salad that is terrific (never even a hint of gristle).  Don't be afraid to order the Monkey Brain appetizer (a deep fried large mushroom cap stuffed with jalapeno and tuna) it's one of my favorites.OC, The owner/head chef, is always experimenting with new taste combinations. The best roll, in my opinion, is the new Spicy Top (my wife and I were the first to try it). As far as sushi is concerned, you can't do better. Everything is prepared fresh, and the fish is high quality (as fresh as you can get in a landlocked state). The rice is perfectly seasoned and always consistent. The wait staff is attentive, and helpful (even those that aren't your server will bend over backwards to make you comfortable). The entire staff takes pride in their work, and it shows. The dining room, kitchen, and bathrooms are kept clean, and the décor is contemporary, giving it a relaxed atmosphere. Monday and Tuesday are good nights, as you can buy two rolls and get the third free, and dinners are always served with a complementary small appetizer of edemame.  Lunch specials have many popular rolls for only $7.99.  Expect to pay $8-$13 per roll for dinner.  That may seem expensive, but you get what you pay for. This isn't a cheap "all-you-can-eat" sushi place, but it isn't overpriced like other restaurants I've tried.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/21/2013,17,137,,7,2>Okay, here's my disclaimer before I review this restaurant. Number one, I cannot tell you what I ate besides the fact that it was the Ultimate Combo. It was recommended by the waitress, and given this is my first experience with Ethiopian food I decided to go for it. The location of this place is iffy. It's not near the proximity of downtown, and it's not the most visually pleasing location. However, the restaurant was clean, very spacious, and not crowded whatsoever when my friend and I came here for dinner. We started off with the Tomato fit fit. It was very good, and apparently is made with injera bread which I discovered after eating it. It was incredibly fresh.The ultimate combo was delicious. I enjoyed everything on the plate, particularly the meat. I wish I could reiterate exactly what was on it, but I think if you're a first timer to this type of cuisine, the ultimate combo is a safe bet. It's very flavorful and really gives a nice variety of the food on the menu. I actually liked eating with my hands and using the injera as a scoop. It was a new experience, and certainly has sparked my interest in Ethiopian and other African Foods for that matter.* African Market does NOT take American express, so make sure you have another form of payment. Overall, a good meal.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,6/20/2013,123,124,,6,2>This place is large, and they have a variety of things on their menu.  Breakfast, sandwiches, soup, salads, appetizers, and dessert.We have only ordered breakfast here.  No kiddie menu...I thought I would order the "short stack" pancakes for my daughter (she's 6), it's under $5 - and the waitress said,"Are you sure?  Our pancakes are the size of a dinner plate, and the short stack is 3 of them."  So, second thought I just ordered her one pancake, and added blueberries to it.  The waitress was right, it's the size of a dinner plate.All breakfast entrees come with hashbrowns, and your choice of toast, pancake, french toast, or English muffin.No biscuits and gravy, or country fried steak on the menu.  So, I ordered the Denver Omelette (ham, cheese, green peppers, and onion), hashbrowns, and wheat toast.Service was fast, and our waitress was at the top of her game.  I never had to wait for coffee refills.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,6/19/2013,29,40,,4,2>Made a quick appointment over my lunch break since it was close to work and had good reviews. The place did not disappoint. I was in and out quickly and with a quality cut. Atmosphere was good, no unpleasant perm smells or overexposure to fragrance products. Quiet and friendly folks all around. My stylist was Natalie and she did a fantastic job listening to what I needed and getting it done quick. Also recommending a new styling product that worked great with my hair type. Everything was also very affordable. Definitely coming back.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,11/1/2010,38,197,,6,6>OK, Salt Lake City really needs more places like this. This little hole in the wall is right next to Caputo's. It is tiny inside, but there are a few small tables out on the sidewalk. The place makes and sells Belgian waffles and frites, and is run by a Belgian ex-pat. Apparently, he used to sell the waffles every week at the Farmer's Market across the street in Pioneer Park, but the demand was so high he had to find a permanent residence for his wares. Are we glad he did. His frites served in a cone are always crispy and perfectly fried. A variety of tasty dipping sauces are available...make sure to try the Andalouse. But our favorite menu item are the Liege Waffles, a denser, chewier kind of waffle speckled with imported chunks of pearl sugar. The sugar caramelizes outside when cooked, but doesn't melt or dissolve so they are nice "prizes" every few bites. We topped ours with creme fraiche, but many different toppings abound. What a treat!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,10/31/2010,106,206,,5,4>De-li-cious.  I know that everybody has their own opinions on the "best" Indian food in Salt Lake City, but after visiting Kathmandu, Himalayan Kitchen, and Bombay House, I have to say that Bombay House is my favorite.  It helps too that it's the closest to where I live.  But let's see, as for other reasons why it's my favorite... The service here was wonderful, the rose lassi was delicious, the rest of the food and the naan was also delicious- and not too salty.  The decor is rustic and "authentic" feeling; I felt like I was eating in somebody's home instead of a restaurant.I made sure to grab a takeout menu on my way out.  I forsee lots of Bombay House in my future...
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,10/30/2010,375,534,6,8,5>The moaning sounds coming from our table probably scared the other patrons.  But I didn't care.  The Enchilada Suizas were SUPER TASTY.  I'm not going to say that their mole poblano is orgasmic, but I'm going to think it.  And drool here quietly.Despite their mediocre chips, salsa, rice, beans and tortillas, their moles totally make this place 4-star worthy.  My hunny got the Mole Negro and it was also delicious.  Not too sweet with a nice, smoky flavor.  Yum.On a side note, parking around here is totally easy.  They even have free valet.  We just nabbed a spot on the street and only waited 15 minutes to get seated on a Saturday night.  Service was timely and the outdoor seating is fantastic on a summer night.  You can't go wrong with Red Iguana.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2010,10/29/2010,1710,637,3,10,4>07.10.10 first visitambience: Ai love the vibe of this place. everything meshes. the servers, the decor, the neighborhood, the food. service: A-very personable and helpful. food: B-can't say that i was wowed by anything. what i ordered was standard morning fare. should have gone with ryan k.'s recommendation. the benedictnicely poached eggs. i would have expected the hollandaise sauce to impart some kind of buttery goodness, but it seemed to have fallen flat. the home fries that accompanied this dish were ok.one pancakei always have to try at least on pancake at every breakfast joint. your run of the mill pancake. reminiscent of krusteaz. overall: Bwill i be back. YES. why? because i haven't had a chance to try the rest of their menu, AND i just love the vibe. (more for the latter reason than anything else.)
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,10/28/2010,51,331,1,14,8>I'm surprised this hasn't been reviewed yet! I stumbled on the Hard Times Café as I was driving past the Utah State Prison (reasons for driving by shall remain undisclosed), and noticed a sign that said "open to the public." So, I got my fellow sketchdiners together and stopped by for lunch.The café is manned by prison inmates who are released to work during the day. Prices are super-low ($2.59 for a hamburger, $0.89 for fries), and they have a lot of different specials.I had the chicken cordon bleu sandwich, onion rings, and a mint chocolate brownie. It was all delicious. The chicken was perfectly moist and topped with ham and swiss cheese--one of the best chicken sandwiches I've had. Onion rings were tasty, and the brownie was the best brownie I've eaten. Period. Just beware that they are only open Monday through Thursday, 7 am to 3 pm. Breakfast served all day, lunch served from 11 to close.If you're down in Draper, be sure to check this place out. I'll definitely be going back.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,10/26/2010,496,962,10,10,9>Thank you fellow Yelpers! Without you, I may have never found, or tried, this gem!I love the Copper Onion so much that I swear I'm going to name my next child, be he a man or a woman, Copper Onion Sorensen! Rolls off the tongue doesn't it?Speaking of tongue... Wow!! What a treat for the tastebuds. 3 sides for $10 and all 3 were flawless. We had brunch on Mother's day and all 5 of us tried different dishes... Thank God because being able to try 5 different entrees in one trip was a Festivus... Errrr... Mother's Day Miracle! Clams=divine. Cordon bleu sandwich=sublime. French toast=decadent. Eggs Benedict=BEST I've ever tasted. American Breakfast=simply perfect! The service was impeccable... Super-friendly and attentive. As mentioned previously, the wine list is small, but imaginitive with some great selections.Ohhhh... and the tab... We wouldve spent just as much, probably more, at a generic crap-hole like Applebee's!I can't wait to go back!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,6/8/2012,131,102,,5,5>This place is the GOLD STANDARD for breakfast!  It is one of the few places in SLC that you can get a burger for breakfast with no questions asked.  The burgers are wonderful, large with fresh veggies and great buns... all on the side so you can make your own.  The breakfasts are also great, and the bacon is the best in the valley.  Thick and wonderful.The prices are great and a family of 4 can get out of there for a bill cheaper than a tank of gas. My only complaint is that the dining area inside is rather loud.  But I love the art on the walls, the owners and the staff, and overall feel of the place is great. I have been to A LOT of places around the country that try to be this place and I always walk away from them saying that "they are no Park Cafe."  Great Prices,.  Great Food.  Great People.  I LOVE THE PARK CAFE!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,6/7/2012,172,109,3,3,3>Don't ask, well, you don't have to because, the store just "tells" you something's up.  My heck, with all the pretty paper and trinkets around this place we know where all those military boys will be comfortable buying their newly liberated partners a little sometin' sometin' for being their beau.  They can even order invitations to the ceremony they have planned the next time they're both in Boston, NY, or even Iowa, I hear tell. Just walking into Tabula Rasa reminds me of the home of a close friend's uncle who had a little place in San Fran.  You are quickly overwhelmed by the gleaming pens and crystal balls placed ever so suggestively around the shop.  This is like a DADT-ready spy shop with all the secrets hidden in plain sight all beautifully arranged to pique your interests. And for those romantic nights when the two servicemembers share a communal shave they have old-fashioned shaving kits and accessories.   And what would a night be if you didn't have a good "art" book to peruse while you share some quiet time after dinner before heading out to the foxhole in some foreign land.To finish things off grab a wax seal to seal the thank you notes for all those precious gifts your buds will get you to celebrate your cross-branch union.  The only problem will be trying to decide what initial to get on the thank you notes.  How do you decide who gets to be the "man" if you're both in the Marines or... the Navy.  Never you mind, because the helpful staff at Tabula Rasa will gladly pull an instrument from the case for you to massage ever so gently before deciding it's just the right gift for your significant other.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,6/6/2012,51,331,7,9,4>I think I've sold my soul to the devil's daughter.This place is awesome. You need to get down here and try out one of their daily specials soon, because I have a feeling management ain't gonna be liking their bottom line with the prices they're offering. But in the meantime, I'm going to enjoy every single visit.Wednesday night was wings night. These aren't your uncle Bob's fried wings. No sir. These puppies are smoked in their wood smoker, and then finished off on the grill. Dusted with just a little bit of seasoning, these pieces of pollo are heavenly perfection. Add to that a bevy of succulent sauces, and you have a winner. My favorites were the St Louis, Savory BBQ, and the S&S (sweet and sour maybe?) mustard sauce. The Kansas City and Texas had a hint of too much booze for my liking, but the others were fabulous. A word of warning: they'll also bring you a bottle of hot sauce that is so hot it would melt the tans right off of the Jersey Shore.And did I mention the price? I had 18 wings (oink, oink) for under $7. Seven bucks! They run daily specials like brisket and pulled pork sliders. I've heard really good things about their brisket.The atmosphere is really cool. Lots of exposed brick, plenty of space, and a couple pool tables. Don't miss the cool fire system pipes in the mens room, either. Right in the middle.Like Jeffrey said, access to this place is a little screwy. You can only enter from 500 S (or southbound on 400 W), so don't miss the turn.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,6/5/2012,270,98,1,5,4>I used to work in the hospitality industry (hotels) and Gourmandise was a frequent recommendation by my concierge staff.  It only took me, oh four years or so, but I finally made it in when I had to pick up an order of Florentine cookies for a shower.  I'm so glad I finally had to go!  They were the only bakery I could find in the area that made these cookies which are a friend's favorite.  What excited me when I got to the bakery case was that they carry pain au chocolat!  Yes, this item is the true way to my heart.  Any time I see them I feel a little giddy at the possibility of deliciousness.Gourmandise delivered.  Their pain au chocolat was good - and not a brick as at some other bakeries.  The Florentines also disappeared from the party quickly.Gourmandise has an excellent selection, great eating area inside, and a great location.  If you're driving, parking can sometimes be an issue.  They have a small parking lot as well as street parking.  But it is downtown - so be aware that you may have to walk a block or two.  Not a bad thing - unless its 15 degrees out.  But that's fine - just order a hot cocoa once inside!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,6/4/2012,13,20,2,6,3>What a wonderful place. Its in a lovely little neighborhood in a lovely little store with an amazing window front. I would like to eat here on a cold winter night - the atmosphere would be straight out of a film. Upon entry we were greeted right away and sat. They must be keeping tabs on their Yelp reviews (as previous patrons were unhaopy with the service) because we were treated very well. It seems like most of the business is take-out, because there was a lot of traffic, but no dine-ins (all the more romantic if that's your thing). Let me start at price. Cheap. Two entrees, Shambala special fried momos, and hot tea was under $25. No wonder everyone calls orders. The momos are as good as everyone says, better actually. If you don't know momos, they are the doughy stuffed balls that Master Ishu trains Panda with. I would fight for those too. The tea was soothing and on a cold night...mmm. We got the vegetable and tofu curry and sweet and sour tofu. I don't like tofu, don't ask why I got it, but it was still decent. Nothing wrong with the tofu. The sauce was sweet and spicy and drizzled great over the rice that comes attached. But the tofu. If it was beef or chicken it would have been awesome. The curry was mild, but very flavorful. She likes tofu so she loved the curry. The serving size was big. Way too much for me. Go hungry or take a date, unless again you have a voracious appetite. No dessert this time. Overall I would definitely suggest this if you are looking for tibetan or varied asian - even if not I suggest it.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2011,6/3/2012,375,534,3,9,4>This place tastes like good home-cooking. Hands down my favorite Thai restaurant on the west side. Get the tom kha gai and the spicy chicken noodle-- you won't be disappointed. Most Thai restaurants in Utah are extremely bland and lack the complexity that Thai food is known for, but Thai Delight's dishes boast exciting, balanced flavors and a spiciness that enhances rather than drowns out flavor. I'm not a fan of their penang-- it's boring and the peas really confuse me. Someone ordered a fried rice once that was not good. The massaman is pretty good and their green curry is hit or miss (really depends on who's making it that day).  But for their tom kha gai alone, this place gets five stars.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,6/2/2012,496,962,5,5,3>This is a strange, yet wonderful, place. It's very reminiscent of an airport bar/restaurant. Most of the patrons are business travelers stranded at the nearby airport hotels and most are ordering vodka/tonics and glasses of wine. I even spotted a couple of martinis. Sweet!Lisa and I were running late on our way to a concert at Saltair. We figured we'd better head west, even though we weren't sure if there would be anywhere to grub on the way outta town. But we had to chance it, and I'm glad we did.Robert's was a cool little place with enormous salads and super tasty onion rings. They provide the fry sauce in a big squeeze bottle and they are very generous with the goods... all the goods. They serve comfort food in a casual sit-down setting.Our waitress(es) were friendly and jokey. They all reminded me of Flo from the old "Alice" TV series. If you don't remember that show, then Kiss My Grits!I would totally eat at Robert's again... even if it's NOT my only choice.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,6/1/2012,80,97,,5,4>We've been going to Game Night Games since the first week they opened. We were fairly new to board games back then. I am so pleased to see that they are still going strong.  Tim, Mike, Phil and the rest of the gang are extremely knowledgable and passionate about games.  Mike and Phil have also designed their own games (I never played Phil's game, but Mike's game is pretty fun).There is a terrific group of board game designers that meet at Game Night Games so there are a few Utah games that are getting national and even international attention.Board games are a terrific way to bring the family together and I suspect Euro-style games can also make kids smarter. All of the kids I've seen playing are pretty smart. If you don't know where to start, ask the pros. If they have time they'll even get you started on one of the tester games so you can try before you buy. The games are pricey, but the game pieces are high quality and the replayability for these games make them a great value.  We've got close to 200 games now and most of those came from Game Night Games. Yes, we've played all of them. There are special game events, tournaments, game releases and every week most of the year there are kids days on Saturdays. So if you're looking for something different to do, drop by Game Night Games. If I happen to be there I'll be happy to give you some of my favorite game recommendations (sometimes I wish I could work there, but I don't think I'm as good about explaining games as these experts).
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,5/31/2012,221,489,5,12,10>Did you hear that sound? That squeal of delight? That was me eating at Mahider. Those that live in SLC know that it is a land of plenty for food variety, especially considering the city's size. However, the Ethiopian selection has been a bit, well, wanting. We have the wonderful African Restaurant in WVC and, well, um, nothing else. Until now.I guess Mahider opened back in October or so, but I didn't know of its existence until yesterday, when I went to lunch at Korea House and noticed this spot in the same shopping center. This is a strip mall of extreme tastiness, as it also includes Cafe Anh Hong and El Pollo Royo, so I guess it makes sense that SLC proper's first Ethiopian place would be there. I decided that now that I knew about this place, I had to try it ASAP, which means I went there for lunch today. After investigating the menu, we decided to go for variety and got the #1 meat combo and the veggie combo. We had to wait a little while for our food, but eventually we were greeted by a large plate of tasty delights. Our meat selections included a stewed piece of chicken leg in a delightful spicy sauce (Doro Wot) and two stewed beef dishes (Siga Wot and Alicha). The vegetarian selections were plenty: cheese, collard greens, green peas, a couple of lentil dishes, and beyond. The meal was served with and on top of generous portions of injera. Everything was excellent, as good as any Ethiopian food I had. The price was extremely reasonable, about $24 for enough food to easily feed three people (though the two of us gluttonously consumed almost all of it). Service was very friendly, and I noticed they even have a beer and wine list! The only bad thing? The place was almost completely dead for lunch, so you people had best get over there and eat some of this wonderful, wonderful food. I'm going to be super depressed if this place doesn't make it.  As one might expect, I'll be back here on many occasions in the future, and I'm already plotting my next visit.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,5/30/2012,22,64,6,6,5>We first fell in love in St. George. Growing up, I would only visit you but once a year after my maniac father does he annual marathon. You always treated me exceptionally well. You weren't very talkative. You didn't ever askme about my day or how I am. Instead, you were smooth. Decadent. Always there for me. You only changed who you are when I asked you to. Loyal really. You literally take my breath away. You're always cold, but not in a bad way. Instead of cold, I'd say cool, as in a breath of fresh air. Cool and refreshing like pool on a hot summer day. You have a wide variety of personalities. Sometimes you're rich and creamy -some might consider you plain. I prefer you vanilla but if you're feeling a little risque and decide to be chocolate, its okay. Sometimes you bring your friends. Reeses, heath, snickers, oreo, banana, fudge, nuts, and your many blends of fruity friends. You're well connected with the candy bar family which to me, is irreplaceable. Thats why I love you Miss Custard. You really knew how to please a man.You're consistently flavorful. You come out of a big machine that looks a little painful. I always worry about you but when you hit my lips I know you're okay. You come in on a cone or in a cup. Baby, you really like to mix it up. I love that about you. You live in a small little shack. Its okay though, I visit you so much that I've grown to love your little home. I usually spend my time with you out on your little patio where, unfortunately, I sometimes catch you cheating. I guess its okay, there's always enough of you to go around. I do get a little jealous knowing that when I am not with you, you don't wait for me and will go to anyone who asks. I guess it works both ways, I mean sometimes I cheat on you too. You are delivered to me by friendly humans who greet me with a smile. They always get us together very quickly because they know how much we love to be together. They never make me wait long. Real life Cupids really. You don't charge me much, about $4-$5, I'd say your rates are competitive. You are located off a very busy road which sometimes makes me worry that you may get hit by a car, but, you've been there a while and it hasn't been a problem. Your shack has a drive up which I really like. Sometimes I want it to just be me and you and will take you on drives. Girl, you've really got me going.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,6/28/2012,49,223,3,4,3>I love yelp. This cart was awesome, just as most of them are. Giant burritos for only $3? Yes please! Two tacos for only $1.50! The price is the best and the food is very tasty. I went with the carne asada burrito, which was full of flavor. I threw some onion/cilantro mix in there and one of the green sauces and it was perfect. The tortilla was excellent, and the meat was just so flavorful. There was a nice kick from something I put in, and I had the guy roll it for me, as suggested. I was starving, and as we were driving out of the parking lot I turned around and got two more tacos because they were so cheap. I tried the carnitas this time, which wasn't quite as good but the meat was tender. Not as much flavor, but still good. I'll defnitely come back for that price and delicious food.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,6/27/2012,30,38,1,2,4>I hear a lot of people griping about their stylist not giving 'em what they want. Sometimes, though, a little tough love is what you need. I learned that today when Courtney told it to me straight about my harebrained (get it? HAIR brained? OK, not really since I spelled it the old-school correct way, but hey) scheme to dye my hair a color that would likely require three hours of color-stripping chemicals, followed by a toner that may or may not resemble the picture I showed her on my iPhone. A color she strongly suspected was a wig, if you catch my drift. We went for highlights instead, a bit more dramatic than last time. And they are awesome. She achieved EXACTLY what I wanted - a dramatic change, color that pops - but in a way that flatters my hair instead of frying it.And the cut! OMG! Why doesn't this woman charge more? She could! She should! I wanted layers, but the usual kind never work for my fine, unruly hair. Courtney, being the genius she is, used some kind of magical razor tool to create layers without creating actual, um, layers. The whole time she ran that thing through my hair, I laughed about how I looked like a shedding cat. You have to see that thing in action to believe it. If you're considering a crazy color, call Courtney first. Because you can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you just might .... well, you know the rest.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,6/26/2012,46,167,,5,2>Wow--I am really going against the grain with this review--seems like others have had a mediocre experience here.  I on the other hand had an awesome experience here and I am already plotting my next visit.  First, I feel like I need to leave a bit of a disclaimer--I am by no means an Indian Food expert.  But I have been to 4 different Indian restaurants in the last couple of months, and actually really enjoyed my experience at each, but this one was the best.  And I feel like I got the best value here.  OK, that part is because of restaurant.com, but still, I paid $40 at another place and only paid $20 here for the exact same amount of food.  And the food...THE FOOD!!!  Holy food coma.  I am such a sucker for lamb saag, it's not even funny.   And they got my heat level perfect.  We got the naan sampler basket with 4 different kinds of naan--I really liked that they had this sort of offering, since I always want to sample several varieties, but usually only end up picking one.  The naan was warm and chewy and soooooooooo delicious.  Got some Chicken Tandoor for the kids, and they pounded it.  All in all, this place far exceeded my expectations.  I think it was a perfect storm for a 5-star review from me.  I had low expectations from reading previous reviews, I had previously paid double for the same food, I had just worked out thus working up a humongous appetite, and really, the lamb saag was just out of this world amazing.  Aaaaaand it probably didn't hurt that the waitress kept telling me my kids are adorable ;)
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,6/25/2012,134,150,,5,3>A really great consignment store with an awesome staff.   Lots of designer stuff and the prices are really good!  Stop going to the Rack and start shopping here!!  It's easy to set up a consignment account, just walk on in with your stuff and say hello!  They only take consignment on Mon-Wed.  Mens,womens, shoes, accessories of all kinds.  This place rocks.  Brands represented include Juicy, St John, Tibi, DVF, Guess, j Crew, Plenty, Milly, you name it, it's there......shop here, and find a new level of style for yourself!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,6/24/2012,8,61,,5,4>I took my son here for his b-day dinner as a surprise because we both love seafood. It reminded me very much of sitting on the dock in Maine Avenue in Washington DC which to the uninitiated how it works is you choose which vendor to purchase crabs from yeallout haow many pounds you want and they throw it in a garbage bag with an extra pound of Old Bay and you sit on the dock pick apart the crab and throw the shells into the water... That's a pretty good approximation of how the Bucket of crawfish works. You can order chrimp, blue crabs, crawdads fresh steamed and coated in some kind of butter sauce with garlic, creole or a few other sauces I don't recall and then select a level of spiciness. What you get is a garbage bag of seafood dropped off on your plastic covered table with a empty bucket.for the carcasses and a roll of paper towels. Simple. Now to be clear eating here is work you are cracking a picking and slurping and you are going to get messy which is why you are supplied with a bib. Additionally you are dealing with the guts of seafood including the green yucky parts of a crab and the egg yolky ovaries (with the latter being quite tasty IMO). A truly tactile eating experience that one wouldn't expect in Utah. Really my only complaint is the complete lack of Old Bay seasoning instead of the heavy butter creole and garlic coatings ... it's good, darn good, but for my money, Old Bay by the pound applied liberally to the seafood would make this place awesome.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,6/23/2012,52,124,2,4,4>Welcome to the red door aka Sexyville, where the population is you.  The red door is indeed Salt Lakes premiere upscale lounge.  It features tasty martinis, whiskies, wines, bourbons and any cocktail that you might think of.  On fridays they have a dj going and on saturday nights there is live jazz.  I think the best night to come is on Saturday night to enjoy the live music. I like coming here because this place makes me feel sexy.  Maybe it's the colorful martinis, maybe it's all the gorgeous ladies that get dolled up, maybe it's the candle light mood, maybe it's the Che mural on the wall.  Whatever it is, everything about this place is great.The red door might be small but it is very unique.  It's sometimes hard to find a table but if you wait around long enough, someone will eventually leave.  I like that even thought this place gets extremely busy at times, the servers are very attentive and helpful.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,6/22/2012,59,170,6,7,9>You say you live in Utah, enjoy BBQ, and haven't been to Holy Smoke?  That feeling you are having that you can't quite put your finger on is called "shame."  Or maybe "regret."  No other Q place in Zion even comes close.  The ribs are of the baby back variety and are the best in the state - succulent, perfectly smoked, and lip-smackingly tasty.  I have not visited Holy Smoke and failed to have their pulled pork.  It is juicy, chock full of beautiful bark, and goes perfectly with my sauce of preference, Jeff's chili berry.  It has a kiss of heat and a nice dose of sweet.Tuesday and Thursday are tri-tip days.  Wednesday is smoked turkey.  Both are worth making the mid-week trip.There are sides.  I don't care.  I get a green salad and dive into half a pound of whatever smoked meat strikes my fancy and have never, despite dozens of visits since this place opened, never ever been disappointed. Restaurants, maybe more than any other business, can be a strong expression of the person who runs them.   The love that flows from each serving of smoked meats at Holy Smoke declares owner Jeff Ray to be a man who is serious about providing amazing service, overly reasonable prices, and a heavy dose of humor.  Someday when I move from Layton, I kid you not, the thing at the top of my list that I will miss will be Holy Smoke.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,6/21/2012,158,120,,4,3>I came here finally!  I made a lunchtime reservation on open table and I am so glad that I did.  It was a very busy day and we had a great patio table.  The service was very friendly and efficient.I ordered the pollo panini while my friend ordered the pollo salad.  Both of our entrees were well prepared and presented and very delicious.  It was a very busy lunch time setting but it didn't seem hectic as so many restaurants can during a busy patio lunch time.  We weren't rushed, our server kept tabs on us and I can definitely say that I need to come back for dinner.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,6/20/2012,1710,637,2,6,3>so far so good. thanks goes to @monica t for recommending the tongue (lengua) tacos. it is a wonderfully tender cut, and flavorful. if you can stand the sight of a little ventricle and the remnants of taste buds, you must try these. AND eat everything on the plate, especially the spicy pickled carrots. because i'm a light weight when it comes to heat, i opted away from the deathly hallows salsa...SO DANG INEXPENSIVE!!! i felt bad about only paying $3.22 for four tacos and a drink! so i gave them a $2 tip.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,6/19/2012,106,208,4,7,7>So I've counted how many times I've been to Ekamai in the past two months, and I've basically racked up a free meal.  I think that should count for something.  The main reason I've been back so many times, due to Diana Y's review, the drunken noodles.  They are the most delicious thing I have had in a long while.  The noodles are cooked to order, perfect amount of softness and texture, the broccoli is fresh, but perfectly cooked, and the flavor, simply delicious.  This is my comfort food.  It reminds me of my mom's cooking, but a smidge better (I hope she doesn't read this), and I will crave it constantly.  I also like that they already include red pepper flakes in a little corner of your noodles in case you want it to have an extra kick, which I always do.  If you don't... avoid that area or tell them in advance you don't need it.  I love drunken noodles.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,1/24/2011,65,59,2,14,3>Fotofly is a relatively new (and long overdue) concept in studio photography.   Here's the short and sweet part of the review - how it works:For $79 bucks you get a 45-minute photography session with no hidden fees or costs.  This fee entitles you to an edited CD with your entire session on it, with a copyright release.  Anyone who's walked out of Kiddie Kandids has spent twice that to get the package that includes the CD and they don't get a copyright release with it.  Printed sheets are an (extraordinarily) reasonable $4.00 per sheet.Here's the detailed, more involved part of the review:I'm a huge fan of the wide variety of background choices they offer.  There are industrial looking backgrounds, Pottery-Barn"esque" backgrounds, a black and white damask background (only suitable for one person at a time), a graffiti background, a realistic doorway background.  I say "background" and not "backdrop" because these are not pull-down sheets with photos of stuff on them, but actual "sets".   Don't go looking for props either - they have a few "set" items, such as pretty tables, cool seating options, and baskets, but you won't find any cutesy choo-choos or elaborate setups here.  At Fotofly, your subject is the star of the picture.Check out their website at fotofly.com so you can see what they offer.I have one very important caveat to add:Every photographer there is different.  The company is new, so they are still defining their style.  Some photographers make more use of shadow (creating a more artistic look), some make more use of aerial type angles.  Their style may not be the same as your style, so call ahead and discuss their photo-style options and your preferences.  You need to go in knowing what you want.  You likely won't be able to request a specific photographer but each photographer will work with you on your preferences.On second thought, make that two caveats:Photofly does guarantee you'll be happy with your product, but once you leave with your CD there are no do-overs.  If you're not happy with your shoot, reschedule.  Don't pay for the shoot and walk away with a product that doesn't meet your expectations.  The owners are pretty strict with this policy and don't make exceptions.  They will work with you after the fact and adjust lighting, shadowing, etc within their editing software, but they obviously can't change facial expressions, etc.  Editing shadows and light doesn't cost more, but editing blemishes, stray hairs, etc does cost an additional $10.00 per five edits.  More extensive editing (such as head swaps)is also available for an additional fee.Lastly, a HUGELY important tip:Your session only lasts 30-45 minutes.   It goes by very quickly.  If you're trying to cram in family shots, individual shots, and group shots (especially with a variety of their very tempting backgrounds), your final photo choices may end up being fairly limited.  A tip that Fotofly owner, Melinda, offered me was to consider doing group shots and individual shots in two or more separate appointments.   Each appointment is its own shoot with its own CD, and each CD does carry the $79.00 fee.Fotofly has such a great concept that they're hugely popular and super busy.  Know before you go that if you are late, they just cannot accommodate you with extra time.  I know, after talking with Melinda, that they wish they could extend shoots for late clients, but then they'd have to disappoint the next customer, and so on, and so on.  So plan to be early because if you're running late, you'll likely need to reschedule.  And I've already noticed that prime time appointments are currently booked out for a couple of months, so rescheduling may not suit your needs.Bottom line:  It's a great concept at a great price.  Being new there are still a few hiccups and bumps, but overall it's a killer deal.  And in the world of photo studios with an artistic slant, those are few and far between.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,1/23/2011,139,132,,8,6>Im so glad I gave this place a try! Im a weekly regular here due to weekly volleyball before work that leaves me ravenous. The 1/2 size burrito easily does the trick. The meat isn't greasy and you don't feel like you've eaten a brick. The tortillas are fresh and just thin enough to contain the ingredients without falling apart. I've tried a side of beans and rice and they can hold their own as far as flavor goes- great building blocks for an amazing burrito. The drive through line can be a nightmare- I do not suggest an attempt at this if you're in a rush. Avoid Chipotle and drive up the street a bit further- you'll be so glad you did!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,1/22/2011,52,73,,9,4>I am convinced that people who give this place low marks are ordering the wrong thing. Red Iguana is one of my favorite places in town, but don't come in ordering a bean burrito, its all about the mole.The Mole Poblano is very flavorful without being overly hot, and its awesome over the Enchiladas Suizas. The Mole Amarillo is very good over the Carnitas enchiladas (Enchiladas Amarillas on the menu). Get a side of rice so you don't lick up the leftover mole using your fingers.If you want something unlike anything you've had a Mexican place before check out the Lomo De Puerco En Mole De Almendras. It is a Pork Loin stuffed with pine nuts, golden raisins, sun-dried tomatoes, and Swiss chard, topped with a sweet fruit and nut based mole sauce. Not your average chimichanga fare.If you do stray from the Mole, the tacos Don Ramon are very good as well.I'm not trying to change your mind, if you think this is a 2 star place...I'm cool with that. there's more for me.Also if you're coming from downtown, take 4th south to 9th west to get there since No Temple is closed. I was there at about 12:45 for a Friday lunch and there was NO wait.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,1/21/2011,89,54,5,7,9>So I still love EVA, in fact I ate here 3 times last week.I tried the Sunday Brunch for the first time and I was definitely pleased. I ordered the breakfast potatoes, coffee and the waffle. My meal was delish. and I enjoyed eating the fresh meal while listening to live music. Eva is a chillax place to meet up with friend. This is definitely my go to place to sit, chat and eat. I think it is perfect for groups because you can order a handful of "small plates" and share with the group. I have NEVER had poor service here, in fact the staff is very attentive and friendly. Eva is not a fast food restaurant, it is a relaxed atmosphere where you are expected to enjoy your company, food and drinks. Eva reminds me of dining experiences I have had in larger metro areas like: NYC, SF or PHX.On a side note, I wonder who Eva is and if she is single because I think I love her.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,1/20/2011,76,161,2,7,5>Last night My Fiancée and I went to Christopher's, We bought the Groupon that was offered earlier this year and decided to go out. We made a reservation for 8pm Upon entering we were promptly seated. I looked over their wine selection which was very extensive and opted for the delicious tapped water with lemon.For appetizers I selected the New England Clam Chowder and My fiancée chose the Wasatch organic salad. The soup was some of the best Chowder I have ever had it was rich and creamy, and didn't lack in the Clam department, The salad was rich and robust it could have been considered overdressed but it was super tasty. For the entrées I selected the Delmonico steak with the mashed potatoes and she selected the Double-cut Pork Chop.  I ordered the steak Medium and it was cooked perfectly it had a nice crust on the outside with a nice warm red center. The chop was served with a berry demi-glace which was very delicious and she got the mashed potatoes on the side as well.The service was great but there were a few disappointments, one was that there was no prime rib. and there was no baked potatoes. I would have considered to have a reservation at 8pm they would have  these items in stock. we did our research online and we were stoked that the Pork Chop came with portobello mushroom risotto, but we were notified that this wasn't the case because the risotto was "never really good". Our waitress did a great job but when using a Groupon the restaurant tacks on a 19% gratuity. I really don't like having an auto gratuity especially since I always tip at least 15%. This place is High end the steaks are great but not excellent and I would definitely go again...with a groupon...
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,1/19/2011,73,69,22,19,14>I am not a fan of country music, so I was really hesitant to go to the Westerner. With my tattoos and piercings, I was sure I would stick out like a sore thumb. Well, turns out I did, though it was a good thing. I've never had so much attention lavished on me in a bar before! All of the staff was incredibly accommodating and it made for a super fun night. Or it could have just been the drink one of the bartenders made for me. This is also the only bar I've ever had the pleasure of having a "backdraft". I went to order my usual whiskey on the rocks when the bartender offered to make a special drink for me. Bar etiquette states you never turn down a suggested drink from a bartender. From what I was able to see, it was equal parts Grand Marnier and Bacardi 151 set on fire, and after a few seconds, they have you slam your hand over the glass to put the fire out. Once the flame is out, you insert a thin straw between your fingers, without opening them. Basically you're trying to keep it sealed as much as possible to contain the vapors from the lit booze. The glass gets really murky and you suck up all the cloudy vapors, then finally shoot the drink. The combination of the vapors and the booze knocked me straight on my ass. Like not just a lil buzzed, but straight up sorority sister gone wild. Strange things happened, I knew every word to every country song in the karaoke room. I got wild on the mechanical bull. I did the boot scootin' boogie on the dance floor. I even left with a cowboy hat. Cowboys sure know how to party!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,1/18/2011,186,563,10,17,12>I have never been tempted to type ZOMG in a review until today. ZOMG, this place is great!I've passed by Creme de Bakery many times since I work around the corner but never visited, mainly because I had no idea what a Chinese pastry might be made from, taste like, etc. Then, my friend went and sang their praises so, in order to one-up her, I had to visit AND write the review first. I win :)I have nothing remotely negative to say about this place. Ample parking, clean, quiet and serene, cases full of delectable looking treats. I wasn't sure what to get so Jamie suggested a few. I ordered the pineapple, coconut and taro buns. All delicious, although the taro looks just like poi inside (for obvious reasons) so it isn't as visually appetizing as it is tasty.I also ordered a slice of the green tea cake based on the description of a previous reviewer. There were 3 slices in the case, but Jamie insisted I wait a moment while she cut me a slice from a whole cake just made in the back. What great customer service!I just have to note here that I did not eat all of these treats by myself. I took the bag of goodies back to work and we cut everything up into pieces and I shared like a good little girl. Everyone liked it a lot!Prices are extremely low here. It makes me wonder how they stay in business. The buns were enormous and were around $1.30 each. The slices of mousse cakes were $3.50 which is more than fair for the quality. I spent less than $7 for everything that I purchased. I was afraid of the unknown, and now I am a fan. I freaking love Yelp, and I freaking love Creme de Bakery!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,1/17/2011,63,47,,10,3>Although I am far from being a Vegetarian I do order vegetarian dishes from time to time at restaurants. Oasis Cafe has lots of Vegetarian options and even Vegan dishes. I really enjoy their breakfast although it is a bit over priced. The German Pancake is straight up sinful piled with berries and sprinkled with powdered sugar. The Belgian Multi-Grain Waffle is also delicious. They have a fabulous patio with flowers and a fireplace so, even if it is cool you can sit outside.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,1/16/2011,9,27,2,5,5>I went back and actually ate in the restaurant for a lunch date with my company. Solid service and the food was outstanding. We ordered two appetizers - the quesa fondido, which was fantastic and creamy, and the tres salsas, of which the darker, smoky salsa was a star. We all ended up requesting more of it for our main dishes. They even threw in a complimentary appetizer, some sort of cream cheese in a smoky bread cookie that was great, though I can't refer to anything on their menu to find a name. For the main course I ordered the Borracho Borrego, which was just okay, a tamale with lamb meat that I felt could've come from any other Mexi joint. But it was what everyone else ordered - various meats served sopecito-style - that sold me. My coworkers offered me some tastes, from the carnitas to the carne asada, and I was hooked. The three packages on each plate offered a variety of tastes from sweet to spicy (thanks to the smoky salsa mentioned on the appetizer tres salsas) that, at around $8.99 per plate, were a great value with great taste. And the interior of the restaurant was fun, with plenty of tributes to Frida paired with Spanish (and sometimes Indian, I think) music. Lunch was great, and perhaps we'll have to try dinner - in house, of course - again.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,1/15/2011,221,489,1,6,6>I've been coming here somewhat regularly for a few months now, but brunch today now has me declaring that this is the best bar in town. I have to admit some snobbery. Yes, I'm that person that drinks wine at a bar. I know some of you look down on people like me, but it's not my fault that I haven't developed a taste for beer. But Gracie's is okay with people like me, so they have a good and reasonably priced wine list. The interior is nice and spacious, with plenty of TVs for sports watching. The live music they bring in is the type that you can groove to if you want, or you can go upstairs and enjoy it and a conversation with your friends. Service is sometimes a bit slow when it's crowded, but that's how it works, right?But this Sunday I went there for brunch. It was a beautiful day, and the deck was super comfortable with a nice view of the surrounding downtown area. They were playing just the right music over the speakers (a little classic rock, a little funk, a little jazz), and the food and mimosas were just delicious. I had the egg burrito, and my supremely attractive dining companion had the ranchero benedict. It was such a nice day that I really didn't want to leave. Good times, ya'll.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,9/7/2014,150,214,3,5,4>I'm a huge fan of Sapa. Parking can be a little scarce at times, but the walk is worth it! I always have a great experience no matter how busy it is. The servers are so attentive, and offer great suggestions if you ask. I love that there is something for everyone here. Their menu is pretty eclectic. They feature some really awesome rolls ranging from $5-10/each. My favorite right now is the Lowrider, which isn't listed on the menu. Not in the mood for sushi? Well, they also have a nice selection of grilled meats and delicious entrees that you can get. I'm a huge fan of the massaman curry and the drunken noodles. If you're a drinker, they have a full bar and some signature cocktails to help get your evening started. I'm in love with the lychee martini! So what more can I rave about now... Oh yeah! With summer pretty much upon us, dining on their beautiful patio is a must. There is no other restaurant in Salt Lake City that can come close to the decor that's presented there!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,9/6/2014,105,55,2,8,5>This is a review of their Dim Sum. If I see you there on a weekend during lunch and you're ordering off the menu I will come over to your table and tell you you're doing it wrong. I had gone to Red Maple a few times when they were at their Redwood location and was less than impressed. So when there was a book club meeting scheduled for dim sum at the new location I was not super excited to go. Boy was I wrong. New location and apparently a new fervor to pump out delicious dim sum. I'm no expert I just know what I like and they had it all. The best thing about dim sum is that you get a little bit of everything. Go with a big group so you can try a variety of things. Each time we go we have staples we must have: ha gow (shrimp wrapped in rice noodle), shiew mai (pork and shrimp dumplings), charsu bao (steamed bbq pork buns, my kids could eat these all day long), roasted crispy pork (it almost looks fried because the fat is crunch and delicious - this can be hit or miss), Chinese broccoli (I think it's an oyster sauce they put on top, its so good), turnip cakes (I'm not a fan by my family loves it), and black bean rib-lets (not much meat on the bones but it's really delicious). My absolute favorite is the shrimp and leek pan fried dumpling. It's so good. Also the coconut cream filled bao is amazing. I could eat all 3 that come on the plate. Other items we've tried and loved, the salt and pepper calamari (go for this over the shrimp because the shrimp still has the shell on and it's a pain), chicken feet (whatever floats your boat), fried shrimp wontons, all of the rice noodle wraps (shrimp, beef, shrimp and Chinese donuts). I'm sure there's more but I can't remember it all off the top of my head.Get the jasmine tea. It is unsweetened and hot, it helps balance everything out. The service can be hit or miss. My mom speaks Chinese and my daughters are learning so we tend to be remembered. But still I feel like we're always flagging down someone for more napkins or tea refills. Sometime we've even had to chase down one of the dim sum carts because our waving hands have been ignored. But honestly this is fairly standard and when their busy it's almost understandable. The place is not spotless but it's ok. The bathrooms are fine. The price is very reasonable. 10 of us went there for mothers day, ate ourselves silly and it cost less than $100. Overall it has quickly become my favorite dim sum restaurant in SLC. They have all the options I like best and it's all cook fairly well. Also a $10 corkage fee.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,9/5/2014,66,164,3,6,5>I wanted to update this review just to say 1.  I've already been back a few more times . . . in, like, 2 weeks, since my first visit.  I definitely plan on being  a regular.   2.  None of their stuff has soy in it.  Score.  3.  Now I've had their chicken--juicy, smokey, perfect.4.  The guys up front gave me a little extra brisket just because.  And now I'm fat.  And happy.  Time to take a nap.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,9/4/2014,73,129,1,5,3>Yay! I'm a fan.This was my first time trying Ethiopian food and I really enjoyed it! The server asked us if we wanted to be seated at a regular table or in the traditional seating area and of course we chose the traditional one - this definitely enhances the experience! My friend and I didn't really know what to order but our server was very helpful. Her explanation was very quick and informative. We ended up ordering the Blue Nile Special which came with the meat combo, veggie combo, Kay Sir (red beets and carrots), and one of the Sambusa appetizers. Sambusa appetizer - we ordered the one with ground beef so it tasted kind of like a taco. the shell was thin and crispy and the beef was seasoned with peppers and herbsmeat combo - this was very tasty! My favorite meat stew was the Doro wat which is a chicken stew that was supposed to be spicy but it wasn't at all (I can't handle spicy very well) and it came with a hard boiled eggveggie combo - my favorites from here were the Ater Alicha (yellow split peas) and the Atkilt Alicha (cabbage and carrots) I visited Blue Nile because I had a groupon but I will definitely be coming back again with or without one!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,9/3/2014,221,489,1,7,5>My husband and I decided to do a semi-bar crawl one Thursday night (semi because it was only two places. Does that count?) and ended up here because we heard SLC finally had a wine bar. It's kind of an exciting thing, actually.The atmosphere is very nice, but if anything just slightly sterile. It's like it has new car smell all over it. But they played great music, primarily blues, and we were having a good time. The wine menu is, as you'd expect, extensive, with a variety of different flights to try. The reds seem to outnumber the whites almost two to one. As a weirdo that strongly prefers white wine, this was a little disappointing but there was no shortage of choices. The white wine menu is focused on American, German, and Italian wines while the red wine menu has a bit more variety. My husband and I both got the Pretty and Perfumed flight, which sounds a lot more frou-frou than it was. It was a good variety: torrontes, viognier, and an Italian variety I can't recall. All were quite complimentary, and were certainly perfumed. We were having too good of a time to leave after the wine, so we decided to try a couple of cocktails. Alan had the bourbon mule, which was great. It definitely had more complexity than most cocktails, which can sometimes be too sweet. I had the deconstructed scotch, which was wonderfully creative (and also excellent). I now want my drinks to always be rimmed with prosciutto. We arrived too late to try anything from the small plates menu, but plan to check it out on our next visit. Prices are a bit high, but not above the usual prices for this kind of place. Service was very friendly. I enjoyed my visit, and I'll be back again.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,9/2/2014,1710,637,4,8,7>I just experienced Sawadee's version of Eggplant Stir Fry (with pork, eggplant, Thai basil, garlic, Thai chili soybean sauce and oyster sauce) - my new favorite eggplant dish in Salt Lake City. The combination of fried eggplant, oyster sauce, chili, and Thai basil with jasmine rice ramps up the utils of satisfaction while stamping out the diminishing return that happens with most entrees. That said, the yellow curry was really salty and overly sweet. Great service. I love that they take the time to pack the doggy bag for you. I'll be back for eggplant stir fry!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/1/2014,61,188,,5,3>Haven't been to this in a long time.Food was very delicious, the 8 item appetizer had my tongue spinning in circles with so many flavors.The falafel sandwich stole the show, the picture of it doesn't show much about it.  The flavor was bursting in my mouth. This place doesn't really have service per se, you order in the front of the restaurant and take a number and they bring the food out to you.  The rest you do for yourself.  I like how this place was set up, enjoyed the food.  My sister and her husband are both Vegan so they really enjoyed the food as well.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,8/31/2014,331,186,7,5,5>The music like angels singing , the architecture and crafted glass brings beauty to fill your soul. You wonder in like a lost dog looking for its master and leave like a lion focused and true. My heart was touched is all I can say.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,8/30/2014,197,177,1,6,4>Simply put, this hospital is awesome. There is no better place to be for a sick child! The doctors, nurses and support staff literally brought my nephew back from the brink of death more times than I care to remember. Every time I visit I feel welcome by all, from security to the cleaning crew to the volunteers. At other hospitals you feel like you are a horrible imposition. Not at Primary.The ICU can be a bit overwhelming at times, understandably. I don't think they have enough storage because they tuck machines and TVs in any spare area they can. Makes the intensity of being in that unit feel a bit cluttered and less than peaceful. The nurses have many desks in close proximity to the rooms, and out of the ten times I visited there was a single distasteful comment a nurse made within earshot, but other than that everyone acted with an excellent level of professionalism and reverence. I've visited other units several times and been thoroughly impressed everywhere I go. The services provided to patient's families by Ronald McDonald house will blow you away. Computers, televisions, a comfortable place to welcome visitors, a FULLY stocked kitchen with regularly scheduled dinners prepared by volunteers. Just...wow!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,8/29/2014,33,45,1,8,5>My friends and I needed to end a very long day with a delicious meal and this place definitely hit the spot. We ordered the fried whole fish, pon pon chicken, braised tofu with veggies, house fried rice, and chicken lo mein. Must haves-The whole fried fish- amazing. It was fried perfectly, tender and juicy. The sauce was also balanced perfectly- sweet and spicy and the ginger made it that much better. The braised tofu with vegetables is also a must. Even if you don't like tofu, order this. It's so savory, the tofu melts in your mouth and the vegetables are the perfect addition. The pon pon chicken was also really good- reminded me of orange chicken but less citrus-y. No complaints about the chicken lo mein- couldn't get enough of it. Same goes for the house fried rice- order it if you haven't yet. Everything was decently priced and portions are huge- so bring your appetite!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,5/15/2013,150,214,,7,4>I'm not sure why I don't come here more often... Oh yeah, because they are always super busy and I'm kind of a spur of the moment diner. But who can blame them for always having a full restaurant? Everything I've tried has always been superb. During my last visit, I got the daily special of Escolar and holy yum, it was delicious! Melt in your mouth butter fish goodness is how I'd describe that dish. With a light and crisp glass of pinot gris, I was in heaven. Sigh... I really need to pay The Copper Onion another visit. And soon.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/14/2013,349,631,3,3,2>When I first heard of this place for brunch, my bad English thought it spelled "Garbage" like garbage hash.  After the first blizzard attempt to visit here, we made it here on second try.  Their parking lot actually looks better during the snow.  The building looks real ghetto on the outside, but the inside seems quite decent with a wooden theme.While I was waiting for rest of the crew, the bartender lady made me a something-fruity-brunch-drink, which I may just have forgotten the name from drinking the drink?  We shared some Fried Mormon Funeral Potatoes, and they tasted quite cheesy and "potatoey" just the same flavor as funeral potatoes, except better.  I had the Garage Benedict with poached eggs for entrée.  One of the eggs was poached perfectly, while the other one was slightly overcooked.  The combined flavors were still delicious with funeral potato and sausage patties.The Garage is definitely a place worth coming back and they got various different themes for each day like Taco Tuesday and live music on weekend nights.  Ideal brunch locations under any weather conditions.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,5/13/2013,186,563,,8,3>I hate to sound so boring but I really love the lunch buffet here. I've been for dinner once and it was good, but I would prefer the buffet over that. It's really my own issue..I don't like to commit to just one dish. I like tasting and sampling the different ones, and I especially like those spicy marinated onions on the salad bar part of the buffet. Yummo.They have all of the basics you'd expect at an indian buffet, but the Nepalese things tossed in are great too. I love the deep fried puffy bread and choose it over naan every time. The fried onion thingies in chickpea flour (I think it's called bhaji) are to die for. I especially love that all dishes are labeled with ingredients, especially nuts, so for people with allergies you can rest a little easier here than most Indian restaurants. The service is always prompt and courteous and never pushy. My fav Indian in the valley for sure, hands down.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/12/2013,45,95,,8,6>This place has been a long time coming (and highly anticipated) . Today they had an open house to welcome the neighborhood that included some "bites" to try. They had Charming Beard Coffee on-site to serve free coffee (which is also a regular on the menu). The restaurant is GORGEOUS. They are brewing their own beer which will be available in May and their menu is amazing! Unfortuantely the kitchen wasn't open today but they officially open for dinner tonight and will hopefully be adding lunch to the menu too. The atmosphere is great. They had a great eye for decorating without throwing a theme in your face and the bar is awesome. There is one TV for sports (which is a plus because I hate places with too many TVs. We really only need one guys). The gentlemen that own it are super nice and eager to be a part of the local community (one has been a resident of the aves for 22 years) and it seems like they get what a local is looking for. It is higher end atmosphere with reasonable prices and a good vibe. This could easily become a local favorite for us (especially since I live down the street and it's attached to Hatch chocolate! bonus!) Ok! Now I can review the food! We've been there twice now for dinner (not open for lunch yet so don't go before 5pm! I'd call first to make sure they are open). The food is a bit pricer than the average meal but if you are going out to dinner, you should be able (and willing) to pay 15-20 for a plate or you should probably just stay home. Also, the food here is upscale and the ingredients are high end so you are truly paying for what you get.We got the following:Special - half an artichoke - SO GOOD. Comes with a delightful aioli. Small Plate - Chicken and Waffle - fancy and tasty! They didn't drown it in syrup, rather it is placed on the side of the plate to dip into and the chicken was beautifully seasoned. Plate - split the burger! best thing on the menu! They make their own buns, the beef is from grass fed cows and they put an in-house tomato paste on it that is a lovely addition. Ask for a substitution of their ale chips (way better than the basic fries)Beer - beer list is great! their stout is fermenting and should be ready at the end of May. They have three other beers on their way too. Dessert- we were too full but their desserts sound amazing and we plan to go back just for that. stout icecream? yes please.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,5/11/2013,89,25,3,8,8>Lucky 13 has my favorite burger in the city--the Celestial. It very likely has my favorite bacon in the city too. Great little divey place to have some cheap beers before Bees games or satisfy your craving for their burgers. Because you will crave them.Varied crowd. Nice dim lighting. Pool table or two. Restrooms are usually passable. I think they stock City Weeklys. Only criticisms are that the patio's kind of ugly and the garlic fries have been undercooked most times I've tried them.All in all though, earnest fan.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,5/10/2013,73,129,,8,2>My friends and I came here for brunch after an exam and half of us ordered the chicken and waffles while the other half ordered some sort of frittata. I am giving this place 5 stars for the following reasons:-The chicken and waffles were the best I've had in Utah . The chicken was crispy and tasty and the waffles complemented it perfectly. -I jokingly asked a friend to switch his chicken and waffles with mine because his piece of chicken was bigger than mine and one of the servers overheard and told me she would bring me another piece of chicken (wow!) -There were 7 of us at the table and they were willing to let every single one of us use the yelp deal ($5 for $10 worth of food) even though it says one per table. -all the servers were very attentive and considerate, making sure we always had water and letting us know when it would take a while for our bills to come since they have to split it 7 ways. Overall, I enjoyed the meal very much and the customer service was exceptional!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2013,5/9/2013,54,206,2,4,2>Good Dog is a gourmet hot dog place located in the former Quizzno's on Broadway downtown.  "Gourmet" is a reasonable way to describe the toppings on the dogs, but not much of anything else.  Dogs are either Nathan's or Sabrett's--both quality but nothing that you can't get at the grocery store--and both are boiled.  Buns are very unspecial, processed, grocery store buns (though they do offer wheat and poppy seed).The toppings give some shine to an otherwise cafeteria experience.  I had the SLC dog -- sour relish, bacon, potato chip crumbles, and potato salad.  Yes, potato salad right one the dog.  Makes for difficult eatin', but it was quite tasty, with a full palate of flavor.  And you can't go wrong with big crumbles of thick cut bacon.I also had the portabello "dog," which is just the 'shrooms marinated in homemade steak sauce (which tasted suspiciously like A1) with cheese.  Totally tasty, but far from special.My friends' thoughts ranged from tasty to pedestrian.  They had the chili dog (tasty chili) or (much better chili elsewhere) and the Chicago (a solid effort).  The condiment bar is a nice touch, with curry ketchup (goes great with the potato chips that come with every dog), peperoncini, jalapenos, onions, relish, and yellow and brown mustard.  They do have tofurky dogs and a couple of speciality veggie offerings, including the portabello, for your veggie loving friend.Prices are pretty high.  The Chicago dog is $5 by itself; most speciality dogs range from $5 to $6, or you can get two specialty dogs for $8.95.  That makes $11 when you add a fountain drink.  They do offer a basic dog, or 5- and 10-packs for $1.50-$2 a dog, but if I wanted that I'd just buy a pack of Nathan's at the store and microwave something at my office.While I'd like to go back to try some of their more exotic toppings (like baked beans, kimichi, water chestnuts, and a few others), there are just way better options downtown for lunch at the $10 price point.  Sorry, but Good Dog is just more like "Average Dog."
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,5/8/2013,29,127,4,4,4>Much better service than the Sammy's in Provo. The layout is not as conducive to a hangout as it is there, however.  I really like the creative burgers and chicken sandwich options at Sammy's. My burger had red beets, pineapple, and ham on it. I mean come on.  And nobody can tell me that their shakes are not bomb. Because they are. Where else can you get a shake where they throw in a piece of pie or a cupcake? Genius. I left happy as a clam and full as a bull.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,5/7/2013,40,327,,6,2>This place definitely serves the best Ethiopian food that I have ever tasted. Not that I claim to be a connoisseur of Ethiopian, by any means, but I've tried a half dozen or so different places in my life and this is hands down the best. I went with the mac-daddy of all combination plates - the one that combines all of the items from the Meat Combo and Veggie Combo together. It was a little pricey for lunch ($14.00) but there was a ton of food and it was the best way to sample almost everything in a single visit. I was blown away by all of the flavors. There wasn't a single item that I didn't enjoy. The meats were tender and nicely spiced and the veggie dishes were uniquely flavored but generally quite savory. Even the bread that you basically eat your meal with was good. It's easy to get a little sick of the bread by the end of the meal as you have it with every bite, but I never really felt this way here. On the whole, a very enjoyable experience. Can't wait to introduce my wife to this food as she's never tried it - and what better place than here.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,5/1/2013,210,1036,,4,2>If you haven't visited the Conservation Garden Park in West Jordan it may surprise you. Located next to water treatment plant, this beautiful garden is maintained by the city of West Jordan. The garden is especially beautiful in spring when the tulips, daffodils and other spring flowers are in bloom. The garden is always lovely during the summer and early autumn. Besides being home to many wonderful plants the garden also features many educational exhibits to help teach locals how to use water efficiently and make their gardens beautiful with water-wise plants that are suitable for our local climate. Free and open to the public year-round the Conservation Garden Park is well worth visiting.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,7/15/2011,64,99,2,8,4>Since I am a graduate student going to the University of Utah, I am always in search of new spots to take the load off of studying or writing a paper. Big Ed's is close to my heart. Though I would not rate the food the best in class, this place is very unique and it does serve beer right off of campus. This tiny restaurant is where many locals and university staff come to eat and drink around lunchtime. They have a $2.95 burger and fries special, but I always get a breakfast item, the spicy chicken ramen soup, or a chili burger. Surprisingly, they have quite a large number of beers available in on tap and the bottle for the size of the place. The restaurant is family owned has been there for a while. The staff is generally friendly and know their customers. When I need to grab a bite to eat and perhaps a quick brew with friends, I turn to Big Ed's. It is also good for football games, but make sure to get there early because it fills up quick. Also, the wifi from the Kinko's next door works in Big Ed's which is a big plus for students.  This quaint restaurant is a great find near the university.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,7/14/2011,23,41,,2,2>Just sitting down and ordering and so far placed at 4 stars. The atmosphere is nice like what you'd expect at a nice old plantation. Servers are great, super nice and accommodating, it feels like I've stepped into the princes and the frog and I'm being served by and my food prepared by a bunch of southern bells. Service is very fast and before I had time to type my first paragraph my salad and cornbread were delivered. The presentation is nothing more than the way my mom would serve it, and as far as the salad goes it's nothing more than standard iceberg with hidden valley ranch, I think it could be good for them to look into either a higher quality, homeade tasting ranch like "Wild Coyote", or make their own, that could add a lot of quality to it. But again, the lack of presentation is actually somewhat refreshing, as well as perfectly suited for the feel of the place.I think they were waiting for some cornbread to get out of the oven because they kept delaying itv, and then eventually served me what looked like to cornbread pancakes, which were actually delicious and they may want to consider actually keeping them that way, i did see other tables with your standard "cake style" cornbread and a fresh out of the oven batch once i was paying though, so if thats more your thing, that does appear to be their "norm".  My ribs came out and they were absolutely delicious! fall off the bone and their sauce which i am fairly certain was homemade was awesome! it was thick, tomato based, buttery and sweet! i highly recommend these, and my only wish is that i would have gotten a combo plate so that i could have had more of what comes out of that kitchen on this occasion! but no worries i will be back soon...All around, this place was awesome, i will for sure continue to go here for the service and taste, i want to try many more things on the menu as everything looked just awesome! Service, food, atmosphere and price, you cant go wrong!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,7/13/2011,46,98,4,6,6>I rarely come back to review the same place again unless the experience has changed, but in this case I will make an exception.2 years later and I'm still going to Mickey for every haircut I get.  She is absolutely incredible and even after changing up my style pretty dramatically a few months ago, I'm still loving my my hair every time I drop by.The experience with Mickey is great because she listens to what I want, takes the time to make sure everything is perfect and did I mention the scalp and neck massage?  OH MY GOD, the scalp and neck massage is amazing.  In any case, let Mickey work her magic on your hair and thank me later.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,7/12/2011,21,50,,4,5>There is something amazing sitting at the bar at Takashi and watching the precision and craftsmanship of their Sushi chefs and it all seems to be driven by the creativity of the chef Takashi. I have been getting sushi from Takashi since he was at the Japanese dive across the street and my Japanese friend recommend it to me. Now that he has his own place, it is so amazing. I have been in 3-4 times and every time it has been amazing. I had the ceviche salad which was different and very good. The sushi rolls sashi was all very high quality. All the flavors, presentation, and service were perfect. In an earlier trip, I ordered a stake which came sliced up in a tower over a mash and it was fantastic also.Took us 10 minutes to get a seat and the drinks were as good as the rest of the meal.By far the best sushi/Japanese place I have ever been to.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2010,7/11/2011,14,28,,4,4>Going to Pho Green Papaya was a great experience! I wish it were closer!  The service was wonderful especially considering our annoying friends with countless changes and questions and the food was very tasty. We got a dinner special and it was an array of many of their dishes. Everything was pretty darn tasty. Pad Thai was great. Plum sauce was delightful, especially since it was in a bottle on the table (all you can eat!). The portions were pretty big which is a big plus for me! The prices could have been a few dollars cheaper and I would then give it 5 stars! OHHH and the yummy young coconut water was a tasty treat!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,7/10/2011,50,38,3,6,5>I lived in Denver for 5 years and hadn't been back to Red Iguana 1 since moving back to SLC.  Tried to go last week, and....shocking as this may be....it was out-the-door packed.  So, reluctantly, I let my husband talk me into going to 2.  Boy howdy was it good. I know I say everything in Denver is better, but people, there ain't no Mexican food in Denver like this.  In fact, the only better Mexican food I have ever had is at El Fagon in Playa del Carmen.  My husband had the puntas de filete a la Nortena, which was amazing, if you like Mole.  I had the Tacos Dona Ramon, and they were insane...so insane with goodness.  Seriously, deep fried corn tortilla shell, tastey, juicy meat, fresh toppings, and spicy salsa made for one of the best taco experiences of my life. I always say I'm not big on Mexican food, but that's just because there are too many bad Mexican restaurants.  This is quickly becoming my favorite Utah restaurant.  Tons of Mexican beers, too.  It still gets busy in here, but they have valet, and more open seatin than 1.  So, so good, ya'll.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,7/9/2011,133,115,6,6,4>Are you phocking kidding me? Top notch Vietnamese in my hood and I haven't tried it until now? Better late than never, the menu is pretty diverse and everything on it looks good, it's going to take a long time but I want to try everything. On this occasion someone's recommendation of the Bun Cha Gio was what brought me here so I had to see if it's as good as they said. It's a noodle salad topped with finely shredded veggies and a solid helping of Saigon crisp egg rolls, the flavors would be difficult to describe but the stuff is amazing (see pic). Next time I may try a different bun but will definitely be getting the spring roll upgrade. If I've ever had a better spring roll I can't remember where or when, so I'm just going to go ahead and say it's the best I've ever eaten.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,7/8/2011,136,248,3,5,6>POLLO A LA BRASA baby that's all I have to say. Listen if you want rotisserie chicken done right the freaking Peruvians have locked down the secret. I used to eat pollo a la brasa in DC which has a pretty good sized peevish population and I have been yearning for it since like 2004.  Finally stopped in to K Rico Peru today and ordered the special. I like other Peruvian dishes but I started with what I know they have perfected.  Pollo a la brasa actually means chicken off the arm, meaning the arms is the rotisserie beam. They serve it with a hot sauce which is awesome and beware it is HOT so try a little at first and judge it from there. It cones with fresh cut fries and salad. I enjoyed the chicken big time. Perfectly seasoned and juicy as it gets. I'm not a fan of chicken breast because it's almost always too dry but this chicken has real tender and juicy breasts!Stop in for chicken I highly advise it, they play authentic Peruvian music and the decor is what you'd expect, it was a little cold so if it's winter keep you coat close.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,7/7/2011,17,12,4,6,7>The hubs and I found our selves downtown Saturday morning in need of a place to brunch. We dialed up Carrie W and she recommended we try Eggs in the City. I was more than pleased with our dining experience. Our waiter was very attentive and and friendly. We took his recommendation and tried the Huevos Rancheros the Greek skillet which came with a pancake and a side of french toast. The Greek skillet consists of breakfast potatoes, spinach, bell peppers onions, feta and cheddar cheese served with 2 eggs. Breakfast is my favorite meal but my experiences dining out have most frequently left me disappointed. I typically sit reading the menu end up ordering something that sounds amazing, that has all the components I love. But when it comes from the kitchen the preparation always leaves something to be desired. Call me Goldie Locks but Eggs in the city gone done my breakfast just right. The vegetables and potatoes were super fresh and cooked perfectly. The peppers still a little crisp and the potatoes were creamy. The dish was flavorful with just enough cheese but not greasy. I ate every. last. bite. Instead of feeling like a a cow wearing a tutu after eating (every one else feels that way too right?) The dish left me satisfied and feeling good. My husband's huevos rancheros were just as good. I didn't sample much of his since I was so infatuated with my Greek Skillet. But the bite I had was very tasty and my wussy mouth companion loved it, so not too spicy. The pancake was average and I enjoyed the french toast. Needless to say we WILL be returning. I was also impressed with how considerable the prices were the most expensive dish was $10 but most were in the $7 range. My only complaint was we were seated next to the garage door and on a super cold day it was pretty chilly. Next time we head in and it's cold out I'll request a booth or a seat at the bar.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,7/6/2011,24,47,1,6,5>My experiences at A New Day Spa have all been great, but I have only been there for massages. (I suggest Ellie! She's amazing!) My therapist had always been prompt and prepared for my sessions, Although the outside of the building is less than gorgeous, I'm really impressed with the interior. HUGE salon area with elevated hair stations, nail areas, etc. The spa area has a completely relaxing vibe. It features a intimate massage room with a fireplace. My favorite! They are currently remodeling the outdoor patio on the deck, too. I do wish they had a posted list of services with prices. It would encourage me try new other spa treatments. Last time I viewed their website, that info was still unavailable. DEALS: They run a $20 off coupon for a first massage in the City Weekly and dicounted gift certficates are available on kostizi.com, too.Looking forward to future visits.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,5/26/2011,434,167,3,6,6>While out and about in Salt Lake yesterday, looking for a new apartment/place/somewhere to call home, we fell into the Sugarhouse area, and I also developed a meeeean headache. I was extremely hungry, and having been in the car for the past 2 hours, I decided to Yelp it up and find somewhere to get some food. Right as Manfriend said he cculd go for some soup and a salad, I found this place, and we happened to be right down the street.      I kinda fell in love with the cute neighborhood it's in... except for the crappy parking situation. We ended up parking probably a half mile away, and while the walk THERE was fine, and mostly downhill, I knew the walk BACK would be somewhat of a hike.. which it was. Definitely burned off some of the calories I consumed here.      Its somewhat retro-looking, very casual, and quaint. I decided on the turkey sand (add avocado) and a cup of clam chowder, while Manfriend ordered the chef salad and a cup of broccoli cheese. We decided that I made the better choice as far entree goes... as I have a tendency to do. :)  My sandwich was everything I wanted it to be. His salad was meh. It almost seemed pre-packaged, although I'm sure it wasnt... it just wasn't super impressive. Where they really excell though is the soup. Both the chowder and the broccoli cheese were more of an actual soup, than a thick, glob-ular (word? sure) TGI Friday's style thing, which I enjoyed. AND, best part, FREE all you can eat breadsticks... my favorite were the cheddar breadsticks.. perfect for dunking in yummy soup. Next time, I'd like to try the tomato... it looked so creamy and delicious.     I can't wait to go back when Fall hits.. perfect for that type of weather! I left very full, headache eased. All for under $20 for the 2 of us. I like.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,5/25/2011,63,225,3,4,3>This is a Salt Lake institution. You pretty much don't visit downtown SLC without a visit to Squatter's. Another delightful time this week- tried a great cream ale and was very happy with my veggie burger! I ordered a side salad with their cilantro lime salad dressing, which I ended up dipping my burger in- so good!! The grilled veggie sandwich is really good too. Nice to have several vegetarian options! Weirdly good coffee beer too and I don't even like coffee!Great service from Keely! I love the atmosphere here. It reminds me of a BJ's or Yard House, and the prices are not bad.Wish the bathroom weren't down the stairs and down a dark, creepy hallway...after a few ales, you could take a tumble down there!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,5/24/2011,106,206,4,7,7>If I were more malicious, I'd tell you all that this place was terrible so OMG don't go.  Why?  So I could enjoy the comfy couches, quiet and slow ambiance, free wifi and delicious drinks without worrying about whether or not I'd be able to get a table, couch, or outlet!!!I had one of their smoothie creations- I don't remember the name, but the smoothie itself involved peaches, white chocolate, and macadamias.   My husband had a Thai tea smoothie which was equally as delicious.  Despite the yummy drinks, it's the ambiance that really clinched me.  From the outside, it's non-assuming and ho-hum, but on the inside, it's homey with mismatched couches, tables, and chairs, a bookshelf with some pretty decent selections, magazines scattered around for random reading, free wifi.... I suppose the only down side is that their drinks aren't cheap.  I wished I lived walking distance away so that I could chill here all the time with a lappy and a hot drink.  Or with friends and a smoothie.  For now though, I guess I'll just have to keep coming up with excuses to stop by.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,5/23/2011,1710,637,4,11,5>11.18.10 first visitambience: B+not much to look at. however, for what they do, and they do it well, all the condiments and amenities are laid out perfectly. you can even wash your hands without going to the restroom after your meal. bonus!service: A-order at the front, listen for your name when they call you. quick turn around. as the table we wanted was being vacated, an employee was right on the scene cleaning it off for us. food: A4 words: cheese. steak. meat. balls. philly cheesesteak1. bread. great bread. a super thin crispy crust, with a pillowy soft texture inside. so easy to bite through 2. ribeye steak. delicious. 3. onions that had been sweated out - sweet and a ever so slightly salty. 4. cheese. all these disparate elements came together in near perfection. great balance, not too salty or over seasoned. italian meatballas i've said in previous reviews, i'm not really into meatball sandwiches. moochies meatballs are REALLY well done. great flavor, moist, and great texture. and the sauce is good. combine all this with great bread and you've got yourself a winning combo. potato saladgood potatoes. what makes this incarnation different from other Psalads? more dill, and sweet and hot peppers. not my favorite, but unique. worth trying.macaroni saladjust really good. get it. overall: A-a solid 4 star effort. i don't care if guy fieri talked this place up, moochies isn't resting on its laurels. just solidly good food, with a great attitude behind the counter. i'll be back, with friends, and family.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,5/22/2011,8,15,3,9,3>Finally! A pizza place in this town with STYLE & CLASS! I've been to many fancy restaurants from NY to San Fran & this place is impressive! The decor is 5 star! If you want romantic, social or family it offers all! The food is 5 star! My husband says" the spaghetti w/meatballs is better than Grandmas!". . . I LOVE the pear salad (add chicken!) My kids can't get enough of the mozzarella sticks and fettuccine! And you KNOW we have to have a PIZZA with it all! It's a Pizzeria after all! if you leave this place without dessert then shame on you! ; ) Some of the other reviews mentioned portions & prices- if you want cheap and big this place might not be for you, but there is a Little Cesar's up the street- gag! You get what you pay for and this place is quality and class!  We always leave full and happy! Great for a romantic date or just to grab a pizza with the fam! Locally owned family business with friendly faces and great food!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,5/21/2011,375,534,15,8,3>Our very lovely, attentive server told me their two most popular dishes were:1)  Michigan Hash2)  French Toast FoolishnessBy the time I emerged from my own scrumptious Corned Beef Hash, my boyfriend had completely annihilated his Michigan Hash, so I couldn't try any.  He tells me it was quite good.  How he managed to eat the whole thing, I have no idea.  I still have half of my hash leftover, as it came in a gargantuan mound.I had a couple bites of my buddy's french toast and quite frankly, was not that impressed.  Kind of dry inside, actually.  I make a better french toast at my house; you're welcome to pay me $7 to make it for you.  Our other friend complained her large slice of ham was flavorless.  That's not good.  I'd have to give The Park Cafe 3.5 stars for the food.On the other hand, the free coffee while we waited was a nice touch.  One of the guys came out with a pitcher to refill our mugs with a smile.  That pretty much bought them an extra half star.  The view of the park ain't half bad, either.P.S. Please don't go to a restaurant known for its long wait and then complain about the long wait.  That's why you get warnings about places with long waits (try going at 10am).  People aren't going to magically disappear just because waiting in line annoys you.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,5/20/2011,68,80,5,7,5>This review is brought to you by Kate, former Texan. In celebration of Texas Independence Day, my coworker and I visited this small little barbecue joint for lunch. I was skeptical at first... their claim of "real-style Texas barbecue" is a pretty bold statement. However, as you can see by my 5-star rating (and to quote Charlie Sheen) this place is a winner! I'm not really into red meat or poultry as of late, so I went with three sides for my meal: Baked Potato, Boston Baked Beans, and Corn. The Baked Potato could be two meals (check out my pic) but I, of course, ate the entire thing with butter, sour cream, cheese, and barbecue sauce! The Boston Baked Beans were very temperature hot and tasty. The Corn is advertised as "Corn on the Cob" but is really served in kernels. Overall, Kaiser's provides very legit Texas barbecue. The only thing missing was some variations in barbecue sauce (this Texan likes a little spice thankyouverymuch!) Other than that, we could have been in the state of Texas, on a ranch, right off a dirt road while inside this restaurant. Texan approved!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,5/19/2011,27,23,2,3,2>My wife and I have been seriously getting into Sushi lately, and as such we've been trying as many places as possible.   We've been to many places in Salt Lake, from the mediocre, and those we thought were amazing.   Our party of 4 was seated reasonably quickly by a very friendly hostess, and given just the right amount of time to consider our choices.   I made the decision to take the plunge and attempt the Hellfire sushi challenge, as seen on Man vs. Food.   I'd say that's it's probably folly to attempt the challenge if you aren't prepared for the pain, and I faltered after consuming the level 6 roll and the 6.5 pieces too quickly.   My astonishing failure aside, I can't say enough about the quality of the rolls, service, and experience.   The rolls were fantastic, with wonderful flavor, and with generous portions of very fresh fish in every one.   We tried a wide variety of rolls in our party, and not one of them disappointed.  Kobe's a bit far far away from our home, as we live in the west part of the valley, but it was definately worth the trek.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,5/18/2011,50,142,2,3,3>Not only is this place oozing with indie borderline happy gothic coffee houseness, but it has a fabulous selection of caffeinated, non-caffeinated, and vegan goodies. I had the pleasure of enjoying a vegan pumpkin muffin and a non-fat latte. The muffin had a delicious pumpkin spice taste and sweet topping. I find that Salt Lake City Roasting company has variable coffee bean taste, but Alchemy was able to brew it just right to bring out the flavor. This place is definitely worth the stop by and sit. Plus, you can bring your receipt next door to the tattoo parlor and get a discount on your Halloween tattoo that you've always wanted!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,5/17/2011,51,331,6,9,7>This place is great! For my wife's birthday, I bought her speedskating lessons at the Olympic Oval. For four one-hour lessons it costs $45. But the coolest thing is that the classes are taught by Derek Parra, who has won 9 Olympic medals. He is a genuine guy, and super nice. He had our names memorized (our group has 12 people in it) within the first 15 minutes of our first class.They also teach other classes at the Oval. You can even take curling lessons if you really, truly want to be like the Canadians.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,2/3/2011,64,258,3,7,6>This is a Breakfast review. This is hands down my favorite place to eat breakfast the staff is usually really good, the food is always good but then again out of the hundred plus times I've eaten here I've only ever ordered tavern ham with eggs and hash browns. The coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice is always good and when you ask for cream they actually bring you cream and not a little plastic thimble that squirts on you when you try and tear the lid off! The price is very reasonable for what you get, my standard breakfast is under $7.00 and I think my wife's eggs Benny is about $5.50
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,2/2/2011,159,264,,5,4>I have FINALLY found amazing gelato in Salt Lake City and it is at Capo Gelateria. As Su C. said, it transports you back to the fine gelato's of Italy.It was perfectly smooth and creamy and amazingly fresh and delicious. I had the Nutella a bit of strawberry, pistachio and coconut. All were perfect and I loved the pistachio which is a flavor I usually never like.Located next to Setebello the location is easy for the city dwellers and quick to find just down the street from Red Rock and across the street from Acme Burger. They have limited seating inside and is probably best for take away. However it appears that they also serve desert to the folks at Setebello and you can probably order a bit when dining there.Get out and try this place soon!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,2/1/2011,33,37,5,6,6>This place is fantastic!! It has all the fun and delicious rolls that I recognize from my other favorite restaurants in the SLC area, but all rolls are HALF PRICED until Summer 2011. So you could eat like 8-10 rolls (well, you and like 4 friends) and numerous large sakes and still leave without a huge hole in your wallet.My mouth and my wallet love my friend Amely for introducing me to this awesome place. I will definitely be back.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,1/31/2011,24,65,1,7,4>Ok I've been back there a numerous times now and I have to say my 4 star review is guarded. The pastry selections are a crap shoot really. They are either spectacular or plain good or below average, you just don't know what you're going to get until you try it. Almond / plain croissant - excellentCheese danish - yuck! Brownie - goodGerman chocolate brownie - goodScones - generally good to very good(some other things I will have to update on later)Various specials: Pumpkin (for Halloween) baked fruit cup thing - excellentOther small baked fruit cup / pies - averageA chocolate easter egg cake with chocolate frosting - not so greatBy the way let me state that my street cred for pastry taste and tasting goes a long way back to many trips I have taken in Europe - Belgium, France, Germany, etc etc where I ate many different kinds of pastry and lots of it! :) For example, I will try that new Belgian waffle place near Caputos soon and render judgement remembering what it was like to them in BELGIUM!!! :) And yes I have eaten pastry of all kinds all over the USA!!!!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,1/30/2011,158,120,5,8,5>Okay I feel that I have to defend my love of The Steak Pit.  First of all just for those who visit Snowbird, this restaurant is not located in The Cliff Lodge, it is down the mountain from The Cliff and is in the Snowbird Center below where the Tram is.  I have been coming to this restaurant for over 11 years and it is where I mention for my last meal on earth.  The bottomless salad is made fresh every night.  The blue cheese dressing is made in house, and no they do not have any ranch.  The steaks will be cooked true to temperature, the veggies are fresh and you really need to try the mushrooms and my absolute favorite the artichoke!  They have a nice selection of inexpensive wines but also have some of my favorite wine selections!!!!!!!! Stag's Leap Cabernet Sauvignon, Silver Oak Cabernet Sauvignon and Pahlmeyer Pinot Noir to name a few!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2010,1/29/2011,35,65,8,5,5>I really like gyros. during the month in which I was eating tacos every day I really wanted a gyro and I considered making the case that a gyro actually qualified as a taco. I mean, in his autobiography Ben Franklin said, "so convenient a thing it is to be a reasonable creature, since it enables one to find or make a reason for anything one has a mind to do," which means that if I tried to tell someone that a gyro was a taco, doing so wouldn't make me half the asshole that Franklin was. anyway, I refrained from doing so.the point of all of that rambling is that I have been taking lots of opportunities to eat gyros lately, and Greek City Grill has gyros. more accurately, Greek City Grill has really gigantic gyros with lots of well flavored meat. I thought the amount of tzatziki (or white sauce, as it was accurately referred to here) on the thing was excessive, but that was mostly because it was kind of bland. after wiping some of the sauce off, it was a quality gyro. the rice that accompanied it was also good and I like being able to get rice instead of fries with a combo meal because it makes me feel (probably inaccurately) less like I am going to die when I eat it.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,1/28/2011,118,169,5,11,8>I've been here twice and with their great 2 slices and a drink deal, in just a short time I've been able to try 4 completely different kinds of pizza! Variety is the spice, baby.I'm not usually a super huge fan of really thin crust, but there is something great about the way Este does it. The simplicity of the crust lends to the overall orchestration of cheese and toppings, and the ability that less crust gives me to finish 2 whole slices all by my lonesome are a fabulous thing indeed. I mean, what's more important after all, BREAD or gooey cheese, basil, peppers, sausage, mushrooms etc etc? (That is what you call a rhetorical question, my friends)Also, garlic knots. Just get some already. They're good. The staff is super duper nice and the atmosphere of the place is cool. Cool as in awesome, but also cool as in, less like a cozy, gather around the fire kind of place and more of that industrial cool-guy feel. I like it. Personal preferences.I wish I lived closer, but if I'm looking for it, I now have a favorite place for New York style pie! Este is the place.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,1/27/2011,36,134,7,5,4>The food is fantastic, but boy oh boy is the service craptacular.  Still, there are few things that make me as happy as a big ol' plate of Little World goodness.  Their Pon-Pon Chicken is a favorite guilty pleasure of mine.  I asked them once what was in the Pon-Pon Chicken.  The waitress said without any indication of sarcasm/humor,"Chicken and pon-pon."Priceless.Also, don't use the bathrooms under any circumstances.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,1/26/2011,349,631,2,8,6>After hearing about this place from Jeffrey, I have wanted to come here for a few weeks, and I finally got a chance the other day during lunch.  When I heard Andaman, I thought it was an Indian place referring to the Andaman Islands, but it is really referring to the Andaman Sea west of southern Thailand.This little Thai joint is located at the Sandy Mall behind the Movies 9 theatre, they are right next to the army recruiting centre and across from the mini-DMV office.  We were the only other table during lunch hour, I guess their lunch hours are not too busy.  The place is neatly decorated with a Thai theme and everywhere seems reasonable clean.All of their lunch specials are marked at 6.95 and there were five items to choose.  I went with the Panang Chicken Curry special.  The portion was just able right, it came with a bowl of curry, some jasmine rice, and an egg roll.  The curry was very delicious and they made it spicy enough for me too.  The egg roll is slightly too crunchy on the outside.  The plating was very neat too.Another dish we got was the Pad See-iew with chicken, it is probably called Pad Siew or similar names in other restaurants, very similar to Chow Fun or Flat Noodles from Chinese restaurant.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and the choice of ingredient made this dish looked very tasty.   Definitely could rival with its Chinese counterpart.The owner gave us a free sample of their Thai mango sticky rice dessert at the end, which concluded our meal with loads of joy, since I always wanted to try this particular dessert.  It was made from sweet sticky rice mixed in with mango pieces and topped with a white coconut sauce.The Andaman is definitely a hidden gem in Sandy and it could use more word spreading about its existence.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,1/25/2011,48,47,1,6,7>If Bruges Waffles & Frites were in Chicago there would be a line around the block. Bruges doesn't serve many items. Usually there are only three: Waffles, frites, and a seasonal offering. By not trying to do too much, perfection becomes achievable. The waffles are heavy and sweet (vanilla or cinnamon); made from dough rather than batter. They arrive dense and steamy, tasty on their own but even better with a topping. I recommend crème fraiche to cut the sweetness, but can't resist tasting some chocolate if someone else orders it.  Pierre wanted to import potatoes from Belgium but when that proved impractical, he chose the next best thing: Idaho spuds. The frites are skinny cut and twice-fried in the authentic Belgian method. Ketchup is free plus one of the many gourmet sauces. (My favorite is garlic aioli even though Pierre considers that one rather "common.")In winter you can get a stew made with Guinness poured over frites.  (This is possibly the closest thing to Canadian poutine that we can get in Salt Lake City.)  I recommend it.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,9/11/2013,73,129,4,7,3>Authentic Chinese BBQ! I ordered the 2 meat combo with roast pork and BBQ spareribs over rice. The roast pork was delicious and had its signature crispy skin. The spareribs were also good but not spectacular. Overall, this is still the best chinese BBQ place I've tried in Utah so I will definitely come back for more!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,9/10/2013,155,241,6,3,3>I'm not vegan, but I absolutely adore this place. There is something comforting about being able to order ANYTHING YOU WANT and not having to worry about what you put the animal through, just so something would taste good. To me, that is the best feeling on this planet.If I didn't organize this review, I could go on forever about this place. To save you from reading a novel, I'll divide this into what I like about the place, and what I don't. WHAT I LIKE ABOUT VERTICAL DINER:-Everything here is vegan. -Even though everything is vegan, it is delicious. -Unlike other vegan food I've had, their food has flavor, and is not as dry as a brick-They don't focus exclusively on the fruit/veggie type of vegan. This isn't just a menu filled with salads, they actually focus on the fake meat vegan. I think that is a nice change from other vegan establishments.-They offer dessert.-They offer breakfast all day-THE AVALANCHE BREAKFAST SPECIAL is hands down the best thing I've had here. You feel like a trucker at Denny's after eating it, and it will cause an avalanche in your pants. Trust me.(See photo)WHAT I DON'T LIKE:-I am 99% sure that the water here is actually some vegan dude's ball sweat. The water is nasty a hell-I found dirt in my potatoes. I understand being natural and stuff, but please wash my potatoes before serving them to me-If it is warm outside, chances are its 10,000 degrees hotter in Vertical Diner.I can look past of most of my "don't like list" except for the water that tastes like testicles. That is just a turn off for me. All in all, I will forever frequent the Vertical Diner.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,9/9/2013,97,45,,4,5>Zy Update: Overall best dining experience I have had in SLCComplimentary Fritters: Much better this time! I think I just got a bad batch that got cold because I really enjoyed them this time.Chilaquiles with herb potatoes: I have never had chilaquiles before but I would equate it to almost like brunch nachos. This dish was very balanced in both flavors (Richness (Cheese/Ranchera Sauce/Acid Pickled Red Onions) and textures (Chips slightly soft from being cooked down in the ranchera sauce but still had a slight crunch along with the crunch of the pickled red onions) Chicken and Waffles with fresh fruit: My girlfriend ordered this because she enjoyed it so much when I ordered it. It was just as good as the first time I ordered it.Cut to the ChaseGreat Food: I am always excited to try something new because everything I have had has been amazing Great Service: Same waitress remembered my drink order and the service was excellent again.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,9/8/2013,63,274,,6,3>I do have to admit, I am impartial to a visit to Roosters when I find myself in Ogden.  It is on 25th street which is part of Ogden's historic district and just opposite the old Union Pacific railroad station/museum.The building itself while maybe not much to look at on the outside is really quite intriguing on the inside.  It has various sections, including the brewing area which you can see from the main bar, a patio style area and a more cozy upstairs area.  It's actually pretty clever use of the space and every area has its own cool stylistic attributes, including some cool ways of showing the age/history of the building.  I must admit I do enjoy that kind of thing!Of course all of this would quickly become moot should the food, beverages or service not be up to par so I am happy to report that it comes out good in all those areas also.Items of note on the menu are the fish and chips and the pear Gorgonzola balsamic salad with chicken.  Those are me and the wife's favorites.  We've tried other things too that other members of parties we've been with have gotten and I can't say we've ever had anything that really disappointed.I also find the service to be fast and friendly, certainly nothing to complain about.  There was a minor mix up with a vegetarian dish on this last visit for one of our party, but they fixed it without any attitude and gave a discount as a result and were very apologetic.  Mistakes happen - the mark of good service is how it is dealt with.If you are in the area I do recommend a visit, I don't think you will find yourself disappointed.  If I lived in Ogden this would probably end up a pretty frequent place to visit for me.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,9/7/2013,197,177,1,7,5>The "C-word." You never want to hear your doctor utter it...But if that doctor refers you to Huntsman, you can be sure you are going to receive excellent care!I received a diagnosis of a rare and locally aggressive skin cancer in the dermis layer. Definitely not as serious as most patients here, but still a reason to lose some sleep. I was referred to dermatology oncology and from the security guards, to the nurses to the doctor, I feel this is the best experience I have ever had with any medical professional in my 31 years on this earth!!! Just amazing. The building can be a bit confusing once you are in there. The hospital and institute are connected, so take the extra time to look at the directory or ask for directions. You'll be glad you did.Take in the view while you grab a bite from one of their restaurants, it's quite stunning, and remember to smile at everyone you pass, you never can be sure what they are going through!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,9/4/2013,29,22,,3,3>The moment we walked in we were greeted with smiles, picked our own table on the patio (which was big & nice) and got our drinks right away. Server Michelle was sweet, joked with us and did a great job. My party of 6 loved our food. Firehouse burger, nachos, salad, etc was yummy! We are making the Garage a monthly tradition!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,9/3/2013,61,188,,2,2>The food was average on the pizzas, the appetizers were excellent, the service was good and prompt.  Nice interior and ambiance.We had 3 appetizers- housemade meatballs, grilled artichoke hearts, and Sun dried tomato and goat cheese flat bread.  Very awesome.For the pizzas we ordered 3- Pazzo, Margherita, and pepperoni.  The best out of the 3 was for sure the Margherita.After eating at Pizzeria 712 in Orem it has really raised the bar.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,9/2/2013,1,44,,3,2>Great drinks and good food! I will say though, this place depends on who serves you.   Some workers are much more friendly and accommodating than others. I have eaten here twice and ordered drinks quite a few times (I live just around the corner). DO NOT order food IF you are in a hurry. Both times I ordered food I was the only one in there and it still took them 15 minutes to make a simple sandwich!!!  Even the drinks will take them a while. There's also confusion on what side comes with what sandwich as well as the price of a new sandwich they are offering, the workers have no rhyme or reason. I suppose it's all due to being a new establishment with lots of different employees. There are a number of kinks they need to work out. I will say the sandwiches and drinks are amazing.  The specialty drinks are crazy good. I have asked for no caffeine in them and they were very accommodating, even blending it for the same price (normally $0.50 more).  Seating is great, lots of room and an upstairs as other reviewers have stated. I am grateful they took down the creepy art that was up when they first opened. It makes it much more family friendly and definitely makes it feel warmer.Great location, I wish it had a drive through (there is a drive up window but isn't used) but seeing how long it takes them to make anything I'm not surprised. Maybe in the future they can open the window up. Plenty of parking, no problems finding it or getting there. Outdoor seating area too! I gave them 4 stars cause the food and drinks are fantastic. I also would like to see them to stay open so I can return.  I would be disappointed if this place closed. All they need are some company meetings and clarification with the employees, tell some of them to cheer up and maybe speed things up. Definitely give this place a try!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,9/1/2013,78,34,,2,2>The food is incredible. The flavor combinations are new and unique, but you don't get a lot of bang for your buck. I'd be in the poor house if I ordered enough to fill up. My favorite taco was the vegetarian, which surprised me, because I'm a big meat eater. The steak taco was good as well, but not quite up to par with the vegetarian.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,8/31/2013,8,9,,3,2>BUDS! Some of the best vegan food I've ever had, served up by a super friendly staff. This place is proof that veganism is far from boring. I've tried just about every menu item and love them all, though I'm especially fond of the barbacoa burrito and the pesto sub! Be sure to save room for a cookie!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,10/21/2012,51,331,5,4,2>This might be my new favorite restaurant. I was so impressed with the food and the open ambiance.First of all: expect to wait a bit longer for your food. Our server made sure that we were aware that they scratch-make everything in the kitchen, and they only make to order, so things might take a bit longer than normal. Totally cool. I appreciated the server letting us know.My only advice: if you know it's going to take a bit longer to serve us our food, be sure to be attentive while we wait. Our water glasses and sodas took a while to get refilled. Not a huge issue. But still. Also, our server got overwhelmed by a bridal shower or something towards the end of our meal, and we were pretty much ignored and had to get up and find a hostess to pay.The food here is creative, fresh, delicious, and still founded on Black Sheep's roots: Navajo cuisine. My wife's green chile navajo taco was the star of the show. The pork was ridiculously tender, and the chile had wonderful flavor.I had the pork chop sandwich, and it was fantastic as well. Instead of serving on standard bread, they serve it in their housemade flatbread. Kind of if a pita and a tortilla had a little too much to drink one night and.....you know....here comes lovechild.The sweet potato fries were very different than I was expecting, in a very good way. I'm used to restaurants using nuclear orange yams and calling them sweet potatoes. But Black Sheep uses actual sweet potatoes. These fries are cut thick and are either oven-baked or pan fried (or both), but they had a lovely consistency and flavor.A buddy had the burger, and it looked like an excellent choice as well. Also served on the pita/tortilla lovechild.If you live in Salt Lake, this place is definitely worth the drive down to Provo. I can't wait to come up with an excuse to go back down.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,10/20/2012,76,161,,3,3>This is where we got our little dog Winifred. They were helpful in the adoption process and given us support when she was sick. Kennel cough is an issue but can easily be rectified with some antibiotics. Great place and great service!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/19/2012,221,489,3,13,5>It seems that in less than a year, SLC has gone from being a city with dearth of Ethiopian cuisine to being almost packed to the brim. It's a beautiful thing. Blue Nile opened earlier this month on a busy section of State Street. I noticed it as I was driving to snag my boyfriend for lunch yesterday and decided that we had to go. We opted for the more traditional style dining on the left side of the place where you sit around this big woven drum looking thing with a plate on the top. We wanted to sample a little of a lot, so we got the meat combo and veggie combo. The food arrived quickly (but not too quickly!) and could have easily fed 3-4 people. That's just how it is, I guess. The veggie combo contained the usual tasty lentil suspects as well as a beet dish. The meat combo contained (I believe) doro wot, siga wot, and the standout dish: yesega alicha. It was beautiful. Everything was amazing, but the alicha was easily the best version of that dish I've ever had. Service was excellent. On a related note, is it just me, or do only the friendliest people seem to run Ethiopian restaurants? The owner came by to chat with us and talked at length about the food and their plans for a lunch buffet. The prices are similar to other Ethiopian joints in town. That is, quite reasonable. Now having tried three of the four Ethiopian joints in town, I would say that Blue Nile is my current favorite. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some of the lamb dishes. I haven't seen lamb on an Ethiopian menu before and I'm more than a little excited.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/18/2012,19,93,1,4,2>I have a feeling I'll be a regular here. It's walking distance in downtown SLC. Pretty casual but fun. The community sitting can be a little off-putting but you get use to it since you and everyone around you are happy to be eating there. You can order your own dishes but I recommend you share them tapas style. You'll get the chance to try more things that way, and you'll be glad you did. The food is Asian fusion and wonderful. We shared the shrimp ceviche, steamed buns with duck confit & preserved orange, chicken wings with palm sugar glaze, and the Pad See Ew with smoked pork and chicken. All dishes were to die for and tasted fresh to order. I'm already craving it again.Prices are also affordable and well worth it. I'll be back soon my little Asian friend and thank you for making me so happy.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,10/17/2012,57,67,3,8,4>Blue Finn is suprisingly good.  Not because I necessarily thought it wouldn't be good, but because I generally don't have super high expectations of places that are Sushi-Plus, e.g., sushi-plus-Chinese, or sushi-plus-deli, or, hell, sushi-plus-Italian.  In my experience, sushi is best when the chef doesn't have to think about anything else, you know?  But I am happy to be proven wrong with Blue Finn's sushi-plus-Korean.Note:  I've been to Blue Finn only three times, and I am usually hesitant to review anything until at least the third visit because--on the off chance anyone reads and trusts me on such matters--I would hate to lead anyone astray, good or bad, with raves or pans that were, in truth, based only on isolated incidents. But Blue Finn was so good both times that I just can't help myself.  First came sushi lunch.  We tried the salmon sashimi (my weakness)--which was among the best I've had in SLC--and three rolls, Avalanche, Black Dragon, Firecracker (I think).  All terrific, with fresh, clean flavors and really nice presentation.  (Although . . . pet peeve: what is UP with all SLC sushi joints jacking up the prices by 50+% and then advertising the "special" of 50% rolls?  I mean, really.  Who do we really think we're kidding with that one?  Anyhoo.)Next was Korean night.  I had the pork bulgogi and my companion had the dolsot bibim bap.  Fanfreakingtastic, both.  Admittedly, my pork was swimming in spicy oil, but nobody orders that dish for their health, for God's sake, and it was still sublime.  And the array of side dishes was impressive for a place that doesn't specialize in Korean.  The bibim bap did require some additional fixings to the tune of more bean paste and sriracha, but it was very satisfying, especially with its perfectly uncooked egg on top.One small, hopefully constructive criticism: the service was, well, not good.  Like, at all.  And not because it was busy (it wasn't), or because the server was surly (he seemed fine).  But because he was just so uninterested in being helpful . . . ten minutes to greet us/take the drink orders, no response when I clumsily spilled my lemonade and had to use my one sad paper napkin to sop it up, etc.  If Blue Finn would step that up they'd become an instant regular in my rotation.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,10/16/2012,63,225,,4,4>We had a lovely Easter brunch here with a group of 5. I had waited to make reservations and by the time I got around to calling around, there was nothing! I googled Easter Brunch in the SLC and came up with ZY. Two in our group said they'd heard good things, so we were in business!We loved our experience here and I will tell you why:- The BEST Chilaquiles I've ever had, bar none!! (although I just noticed they're no longer on the menu)- Three at our table got the Eggs Benny and were very very happy!- Nice Cheese selections!- $4 mimosas (with fresh squeezed oj!) and $7 Bacon Marys (see the picture!)- French press coffee- Great service!- Lots of windows and tons of natural light!No alcohol until 11 am, though! You've been warned!We are dying to go back and try it for dinner!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/15/2012,19,21,,5,2>I got a tattoo here on the 29th and I love it. I made a last minute appointment here after finding out that this used to be 19th Street. Everyone was really friendly, the place was very clean and bright. I got Arabic writing on my back and Cody (who did the tattoo) did a great job and got all of the little details right. Details are important to me, especially since Arabic script has so many intricacies and Cody taped a blown up version of the script onto my back next to where I was getting the piece done so that he could get it precise and accurate. That isn't too impressive, what is though is that I didn't even have to ask or tell him how important the details were. My old tattoo artist sometimes had a mind of his own and I had to be very clear and almost demanding about how I wanted my pieces done. Cody just took the initiative and made it look exactly like the print out of the scrip that I had. Wonderful piece! The lines look great so far (it's not done healing yet but well on its way). There is no bleeding of the ink, all of the script is even, well filled in and detailed.I'm definitely coming back to get work done by Cody if I want any more tattoos.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,10/14/2012,68,229,2,2,2>The limonada was DELECTABLE, probably the best I've had since my long-ago back packing trip through Central America.  I also ordered a pork pupusa, a carne asada pupusa, and a corn tamale.  All of my food was very good.  The owner is a gem.  There is a sign posted that says "this is not fast food," and they mean it, so don't go if you're in a hurry.  If you've got time and feel like shaking things up, you should definitely add this place to your list of places to go.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,10/13/2012,46,405,,6,4>1 dollar Pabst and open until like 2 AM. This place TRULY is like NY. They have all the pizzas cooked and displayed so all you have to do is point to the slices you want, and you get to see them. Then they take the slices and reheat them, which causes them to be slightly crunchy. I love this style of business soo much. I feel it's unique to Utah and people may actually NOT like that their food was actually cooked 2 hours ago. But growing up in NY that's how EVERY place does it and it's the CORRECT way God intended pizza to be served I tell you! This may beat out Este fo real!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,10/12/2012,14,245,,7,1>After a long day out riding we were starving.  We tried some of our other haunts but being that it was Sunday everything we tried was closed.  Then we remembered this place had opened in the old training table building.  We road over and it appear that we may have struck out again, the open sign was off and the parking lot was empty but there were some lights on inside.  Went up to the door and walked in, thank goodness they were open.  Being our first time here we wanted to order a variety of food.  I ordered the Mongolian Beef and Sweet and Sour Chicken dinner combo, the wife got the Sesame Chicken combo.  Combos come with rice (white or fried) soup or salad, fried shrimp and crab wontons.  The wife got the egg drop and I got the hot and sour soups.The soups came and they were extremely tasty.  The egg drop was thick and creamy, well seasoned and had a hint of sweetness from the corn.  The hot sour was nice and thick, not too much so, and had a nice vinegar bite and a bit of spice.  I would say both of these soups are some of the better I have tasted and a Chinese restaurant.The Mongolian beef was very tasty and had a hint of heat (the wife said it was too hot to eat).  The beef was plentiful and extremely tender.  I never eat the veggies not sure how the tasted but they looked fresh.  The sweet and sour chicken was made with big chunks of white meat and came with the standard bright orange/red sauce.  The sesame chicken was breaded but had larger strips of white meat chicken vs the chunks used on the sweet and sour.  The Sesame Chicken was tasty like the other food.We had a very good meal at Zhang's, that joined by the very nice decor and good service put Zhang's on our list of places to eat at in the future.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,7/5/2011,41,112,5,4,4>After getting back from Iraq...one of the first things I wanted was some yummy City Greek!  I quenched my thirst with a 4'' Original and a 4'' Buffalo Chicken.  Top it off with a side of fluffy, lemony Greek rice and it was worth the wait.They treated us like royalty in there and that's the biggest plus!  We have always loved the staff there and the food even more:)  The fresh ingredients and delicious pita bread really make these little delights wonderful!Highly recommend the Original, Buffalo Chicken, San Francisco, and Steak.  All in the "mini" versions.  For some reason I enjoy them better than the regular size.  Maybe because I'm 5'6'' and it makes me feel HUGE.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,7/4/2011,106,208,7,8,7>V. I. P. Quite possibly my three new favorite letters in the English alphabet, why you ask?  It's essentially Tsunami's way of a punch card for sushi, genius idea, especially when you fork over a good $40-$60 whenever you come here (or at least my sister and I do because we're fatties like that).  For however many points you earn, you receive a $25 giftcard in the mail, it's a beautiful thing, especially considering Tsunami is one of my favorite sushi spots in Salt Lake (I have still yet to venture out to Takashi).  I've never had a bad experience coming here, fish is always good just shy of great quality and they know how to make their rice.  What makes this Tsunami so special for me, is it was here that I first learned to really enjoy sushi, easing me in with deep fried rolls (which I have to this day found any other place who actually knows how to properly fry their rolls without making a doughy hot mess), and slowly weening me off to the simple and wonderfully delicious sushi as it should be made.  Tsunami might not be the best option around, but it definitely is a people pleaser to sushi eaters of all levels of experience.  Personal favorites: BQD (not on the menu, but super delicious), unagi maki, and the union.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,7/3/2011,9,27,,8,3>Went here armed with gift certificates from Kostizi and had a good experience. First off, the bad: the service was terribly slow, as in it took us nearly two hours to get through the meal and my water wasn't refilled a single time. The people I was eating with actually lived in Peru years ago and said this is quite common there. Good for them, but I like the pace slightly elevated.The manager was aware of the issues and apologized, explaining they're still learning the restaurant business. Fair enough, and I wasn't in a hurry anyway. The good: We started with a pitcher of their limenade, which was great and very fresh. We also ordered a starter, the Papa a la Huancaina, which was basically potato slices in a sort of hollandaise sauce. Not spicy or rich, but a good opening. We shared four entrees, each of which was great: The Seco, which was steak in a cilantro gravy-type sauce with lime beans and rice.Ají de Gallina, basically stewed chicken in a creamy yet light sauce with rice. Tallarin Verde, a lightly breaded slab of chicken with vermicelli and pesto. Excellent, even if it seemed to be more like a chicken parmesean than what one would expect from South America. The Ceviche, fresh fish cured in cirtrus juices with onions and onions with potatoes on the side. All were great, with the Tallerin being the star. The quality of the food made up the wait, mostly. We finished off the night not with the Picarones we ordered, which were still rising apparently, but with some spongy pieces of cake imported from a bakery down the road. Good, but not awesome. And lightly sweet, which was another sign of Peruvian authenticity according to my guests. Overall it was a mixed experience but the food was good enough to outweigh the inconveniences. If it were a national chain I'd be pissed, but a locally owned joint will always get the benefit of the doubt. I'll come back to this place.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,7/2/2011,78,130,,4,4>Lumpy's on Highland is definitely the neighborhood/Sport Bar.  You'll find 80's style wood paneling but the price of drinks and food is just right.  On Mondays they have a 50 cents per drumstick special, and if any you are expecting tiny wing drumsticks then you'll be pleasantly surprised to know that these are full size drumsticks. They taste really good and you have several wing sauce options to pick from.  Another good special that they seem to have everyday is a shot and domestic beer  for $5.  This bar is the right place for someone looking for a relaxed place to catch game.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,7/1/2011,47,191,1,4,4>I'm always leery of the food choices in Jordan Landing. It's so close to me, but I would rather patronize a local restaurant than a chain. Jordan Landing is full of chains and fast food joints, and full of mediocrity.When your closest alternatives are Papa John's, Big Daddy's and Little Caesars Pizzas, you're willing to try your hand at something that might be a chain (albeit a local one from what the waitress said)Whitney seated us, we were unfortunately just past the lunch buffet time, but we weren't too upset by that news. She took very good care of us and our glasses never dipped below halfway.We decided to try the calzones. I made my own combination with pepperoni, mushrooms and roasted red peppers. The man tried the superfreak. These calzones are not for the faint of heart. They are huge, both in stuffing and in size. We ended up taking half home each, but were looking forward to having them later for dinner, that's how good they were.As far as the location goes, it seems like one of the better choices in the plaza, and I'll be back to try the actual pizzas sometime soon.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,6/30/2011,165,167,10,7,9>The apple fritters are the size of your head.Eat one.You're welcome.Seriously, pretty great donuts all around. The service isn't the most friendly, but they get the job done, and it isn't like you're going to hang out there anyway, so it doesn't really matter.  Also? The vintage decor makes me smile every time.  I mean, to the point where I always want to be like "Um, I was wondering if I could buy your stuff off of you." But I don't, because I'm nervous they'd say yes and then I will have ruined it for everybody because I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who obsesses over funny old light fixtures.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,6/29/2011,158,120,,6,6>I have a craving for these cupcakes!  so amazing, cute location and very reliable to always have great cupcakes.  Great staff!  Red velvet and banana creme are two of my favorites at the moment
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,6/28/2011,30,38,3,5,2>My hubby and I first tried Canton Village a few weeks ago when we had a Sunday afternoon hankering for stir fry. We ordered both the chicken & pork with broccoli because we both dig broccoli, and we wanted something simple.The broccoli and carrots were cooked just right--not overdone. The sauce was mild, salty, and slightly sweet. The meat was tender. Everything looked and tasted very fresh. The portion sizes were a great value for the price--enough to have leftovers for each of us.We have since gone back a few times. The service is friendly and fast. Call ahead, and they have your take-out order ready in under 15 minutes (usually even faster than that). You can eat in, too. I noticed several tables in a room adjacent to the cash register and order counter. They also deliver.If you shy away from "hole in the wall" joints, this is not the place for you. It is definitely not fancy. Is it authentic? Probably not. But it is fresh, good Asian comfort food at a good price.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,6/27/2011,31,24,4,4,3>Went to Em's for the first time today for brunch. I didn't really plan on it so I waited until about 10 minutes before 1 o'clock, not knowing that, that was is when they stop serving. My server was very nice and still sat me, gladly offering me to start with some coffee. I ended up choosing the Salmon eggs Bennidict and a Mimosa. The chef also came out and asked how my meal was. It was all quite delicous, and with the excellent service I received I will absolutely be returning to Em's for lunch and/or dinner! Thanks to my friend Tim for the reccomendation....and Ooooooh look, Fancy is a fan too! ;-)
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,6/26/2011,210,116,8,4,5>Normally, this places is SO not my hang. Lately, I am changing my opinion. The crowd at Urban is way too hipster for me and half the time I people watch while sipping a beverage and laugh on the inside about how much these people care. I don't think I even need to get into great detail here, you guys get it. They same way I walk into an Urban Outfitters and feel really embarrassed for all the hipster couples there who think everyone in the store is only paying attention/noticing them because... their hip. THAT is the same crowd you find at Urban. Oh well.WE DON'T GO FOR THE CROWD RIGHT? Right. We go to hear heart stopping, stomach turning, soul wrenching, Earbud Rattling music from artists we love like The Devil Whale (personal local favorite) and even Toro y Moi and The Submarines. That is a small list of the shows I will be seeing/have seen at Urban so far this year. Large open venue with reasonable prices. Booths to sit at and relax with friends before the show starts, a nice big fully stocked bar, more seating around what I consider a dance floor in front of the stage and the gnarliest woman's restroom you'll ever hover in! The stage is a great size and placed very well inside the venue. While the sound quality could be better I feel the speaker placement is SO much better than other venues I've been too. It doesn't matter where I stand, I get the same show as everyone else. Visit/support your local bands, visit your favorite national artists and leave with happy ringing earbuds.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,6/28/2014,12,47,6,7,5>Walking through the front door I was certain that this place was going to get 2 stars.  Tops.  It looked sketch.  We were seated and then sat for 5 minutes before we got the menu and another 5 before water was brought out.  They never asked if we wanted anything else to drink.  I was waiting for somebody to come out & say, "just kidding, we really know how to run a restaurant."  After reviewing the menu, we made our choices - I had the garden alfredo & my wife had ravioli.  Bruschetta bread was brought out while we waited for food.  It was pretty good.  The salad was okay.  I did notice that the dressing wasn't the normal bottled oily mess that's normal at most places.  That was my first clue that there was more than meets the eye to this place.  The food was brought out & heavens to mergatroid, it was good.  I saw the light.  It was great and fresh.  Nothing pre-cooked or reheated here.  My wife ate the cooked carrots.  She never eats cooked carrots.  She even snuck a few off of my plate.  I enjoy any place where the chef personally comes out to talk to a customer, asking about their meal.  He was truly proud of what he was cooking and it showed in the food. I'm the type of person that wouldn't mind driving 2 hours for a good taco, so I won't mind sitting for 30 minutes for good Italian.  Bring your phone and play flappy bird while you wait for your food, or call in an order to go.  I think that if you go knowing what to expect, you'll see the diamond in the rough that is the food at this place.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,6/27/2014,20,77,3,6,5>This place is awesome! I went to both Lowe's and Home Depot and neither one had beets but Millcreek Gardens did! I was amazed at their selection of vegetables. They have a whole greenhouse dedicated to every type of tomato plant you can imagine. If you're looking for something specific, I'm sure this place will carry it. It's easy to navigate around but don't wear flip flops as there are puddles and mud around the plants, I made that mistake.  :/   The place gets busy but the line moves pretty fast considering. I'll definitely be back here for future gardening needs.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,6/26/2014,235,367,5,9,5>I was a public school kid, as was my husband, as were my kids, at least until circumstances took them away from their big public high school in the Chicago suburbs. I looked at the SLC public high schools (and appreciated the choice of different ones even though it was really confusing) but a class size of 37 kids? I don't think so. What a shock to learn that Utah has a lower per capita spending than Missisippi. WTF? So after ruling out most of the private schools for religious/uniform reasons (my daughter refused to consider wearing one), we settled on Rowland Hall. The class sizes are closer to 20, the teachers really care, and the kids are not as wealthy and stuck-up as she feared. She misses the racial and economic diversity of her old school, but she admits that the education she is getting at RoHo is much better.She's had some catching up to do academically, but the teachers have been really helpful with that. She enjoys the dance, band and choir programs, and she even attended the winter formal. If you ask her, she'll tell you the school is "ratched," but deep down I think she likes it there.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,6/25/2014,23,170,1,7,5>Drove by this place hundreds of times.  Never had a clue this unassuming spot was this good.  Went for breakfast with another friend.  I had the corn beef hash, eggs, pancakes and rye toast.  Hash wasn't my favorite, minced down a little too much, still ok though.  The pancakes are some of the best I've ever had.  Awesome!!  Server was sweet and attentive.  Hit this place up, you might have to wait a few minutes....
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,6/24/2014,63,97,4,7,7>I think far too many yelpers are being ungenerous in regards to the new space for the aquarium. I get that lots of the exhibits are missing or yet to be finished. But the reality is that an aquarium takes time to build to full. Right now the exhibits are still a work in progress, but if they were to have taken time to open until everything was done this place would not open. The levels in the tank take time to equalize. If you have ever had a tank at home, you will know that you add a fish one at a time and let the levels get where they need to be. Otherwise the fish will all die. It is going to take a while for all of the tanks to be a full capacity here. It is sparse right now, but I look at the 2014 opening as a soft opening. The facility is beautiful! There is plenty of room for growth over the next few years. I have been to a few aquariums over the years around the United States and this compares well with the one in Seattle and I see it having the potential of growing to almost what Chicago is. It will never be an Atlanta aquarium, but there is a lot of potential here. I got the year membership ($55) because three visits and my membership is payed for as opposed to paying $16 each time. If you have a family with 4 kids, the family memberships ($150) pays for itself in 2 visits. These prices are less than any other aquarium I have been to of this size.  On my first visit I basically only wanted to get my membership card. I had heard of the awful lines, but on the day I went there was no wait whatsoever so I was able to step in and take a short look at the shark tunnel in the Ocean Explorer exhibit and then checked out the Journey to South America area as well. I wanted to spend a long time at the shark tank, but sadly had to go. I feel I could easily fill at least half of the day here. And go back again and again. Especially when it is at full capacity!!The gift shop and cafe are a little small, but little explorers will find something to beg moms and dads to buy for them. It seemed to me that the cafe prices were average for museum foods. So yelpers, I give this place a thumbs up! It sure is a sight better than the old strip mall location!!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/23/2014,36,198,4,13,6>i finally managed to make it out to cupbop last friday!  i use to live in austin, texas and food trucks are really big there.  utah does not have that many food trucks, but i'm so glad i found cupbop!i went around noon and was hoping that it wasn't too busy (after seeing pictures of really long lines).  after parking i realized that there was no line so this experience was off to a good start!after looking at the menu i ordered three b-bops (beef bowls).  my bf asked for a spicy level of 10 (the hottest) and they asked him to taste the sauce first before ordering it.  it's a good thing they did that cause it was pretty spicy.  we ended up ordering a 1 (for me - yes the weak one), 3, and a 6.  afterwards when looking at yelp pictures i noticed they have a combo bowl.  i'm not sure if i missed it on the menu or if they don't advertise it, but i really wished i had known about it so i could have tried it.now on to the food itself.  it's layered with rice, lettuce, and then the beef.  there is so much beef in there that i didn't feel too bad about paying $8 for it.  it was seasoned perfectly and so delicious!  there was enough sauce for my rice and lettuce, but not too much where things got soggy.  it was so yummy and much faster than eating at a korean restaurant.  i also tried the mandoo and it was good.  it was a bit spicy, but not too much that i couldn't enjoy it.  overall i really liked cupbop.  the employees were very friendly and enthusiastic!  the advantage of a korean food truck vs korean restaurant?  1) no more waiting forever for my food and 2)  you don't leave lunch smelling like korean bbq.  try this place - it's delicious!  i only wish that they came to the south side more often so i don't have to drive so far.  come to draper more please!  i will for sure be back to try out the combo!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,6/22/2014,25,84,2,6,6>OK, here we go...Three reasons to go to Porcupine:1. The NACHOS, have mercy, the nachos.2. The only ski in/out restaurant in the Salt Lake Valley. OK, not really but if it's dumping in Big & Little Cottonwood Canyons, it's not beyond the realm of possibility by any means.3. The best all-around grub for your buck in the coolest and prettiest corner of SLC.This is my favorite restaurant in SLC. I love the food, the location, the atmosphere, the employees and indeed, the nachos. Porcupine's nachos are the standard by which all other nachos are measured in our fair city, says I. Few things are as sweet in this life as coming off the slopes after skiing the Greatest Snow On Earth and wolfing down a heaping platter of nachos with a frosty beverage of choice at Porcupine. My mouth is watering and I'm tearing up from the recollection of the joy I felt last time I was privileged enough to experience this. They're large enough for a meal, but can be rationed for a take-home source of sustenance for that Dr. Who marathon that all your guild members have been yakkin' about as well.I never ordered something here that I didn't enjoy. They once served me a tuna sandwich that was so tasty, I wouldn't share a bite with my date. Sometimes a big, warm bun and a huge hunk of meat is all one needs and the Big Cottonwood Burger hits it outa the park. Don't be afraid to explore the menu though, everything is not just good but goooooood...Like I said, I dig this place after skiing but also for dates, birthdays, watching sports, dessert or even brunch on Sundee. Jeez, I need to go here more often I just decided.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,6/21/2014,66,164,2,7,6>Very good.  I was a little hesitant to try this place because  . . . well, I'm not sure, actually. But I went for a business dinner, tried the hog jowl tacos, and was blown away by how good they are.  Yes, in my ultimate cheapness I do admit that 19 bucks for two tacos and a very small portion of rice and beans is quite a dive for people like me (though I'll always fork over the money if the food is worth it), but I absolutely loved the layered flavors. The hog jowl, which is incredibly fatty, melted perfectly with the maple sauce and jimica.  The rice was okay, the indian bread was fine, but the tacos were perfect.  I don't think I've ever had those flavors before--melt-in-your-mouth pork, jalapeño, great sauce . . . totally worth it. Also, the place is has a nice ambiance.  Totally date worthy.  I'll definitely be coming back.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/20/2014,105,55,1,9,6>For months I would drive past Puro Peru and say to myself, I really need to stop and try that place. The one day I get a text from my sister saying she just had the most delicious and enormous plate of fried seafood and guess where she's eating. Puro Peru.I finally got my chance to try it this past Saturday and I'm so glad I did but also kick myself for not trying it sooner. The place is not super fancy and if you're not paying attention you'll drive right past it. The restaurant is long and narrow so there's not a ton of seating but it's not tiny like Copper Commons or Kobe. We had a large group on a Saturday at 6 pm and were seated right away. I assume you can make reservations since 3 tables had signs on them saying reserved. When you're seated they bring you water and cancha (I googled that so don't quote me on it) or as our waitress called it Peruvian popcorn. Its like giant corn nuts but not as hard. They were yummy, albeit weird, and the green dipping sauce was good but spicy. There were 9 adults and 2 kids and we ordered 4 dishes. The price per plate seemed a little high but the portions are huge which evens things out. We got two orders of the poor man's steak, two orders of the fried seafood (I believe it was listed under the ceviche) and one order of Tallarines verdes con milanesa de pollo (spaghetti with spinach pesto and fried chicken cutlet). There was more than enough food for everything. Everything tasted wonderful. The poor man's steak had almost all of my favorite things, french fries (which tasted and looked homemade. Yummy.), steak, plantains, and a fried egg. The Tallarines was really good. Both the noodles and the chicken had a nice flavor, though most of us agreed that it would have been better with the steak. And the fried seafood? Oh my heavens. It had a TON of calamari, shrimp (shell on, don't just pop it in your mouth), mussels, and giant pieces of sea bass.  The seafood was perfectly cooked, not chewy at all. The place was clean. The bathrooms fine. The service was good, the waitress was pleasant and helpful and kept our waters filled. In the evenings they have live music and karaoke. It has a small private parking lot so you don't have to park on State. I cannot wait to go back and try the jumping beef.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2014,6/19/2014,63,73,3,5,3>This place used to be the Green Papaya. It was remodeled into Noodle and Chopstick which is more of a "fast food" type dining experience. - You walk up to the front register, - Place your order, - They deliver food to you via a # you place on your tablePro's:- Food quality is ok. I got noodle dish (drunken noodles)- Clean and open space- Good selection of foodCon's:- Pricey for a fast food joint- Portions are a bit small- I really preferred it when it was Green Papaya where the service was more restaurant like and the lunch specials provided you with a variety of dishes.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,11/17/2014,116,97,2,5,5>Well. Interning here at the hospital (primary children's) for a couple weeks and I'm sure glad I found this place. They kept telling me there was a coffee cart upstairs and I finally went today. They have a variety of coffees and teas to choose from. You can also buy snacks (oatmeal and cookies). It's located on the 3rd floor. The staff were sweet and were happy to recommend drinks. I had the blueberry coffee (one of their specialty drinks). Very sweet but with the perfect hint of blueberry. My coworker had the caramel blonde and she loved that. If you are here at the hospital and need a good (caffeinated) drink, give this place a try!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,11/16/2014,24,49,2,6,6>i have always loved liberty park.I remember when i was around 3-4 years old and my dad worked the rides. I got to ride for free and it was such a joy.They used to have this rope swing the was my absolute favorite.(pretty sure they took it down from kids getting hurt).I loved walking thru the aviary and looking at all the birds.(you now have to pay to get in but its so worth it.)One thing they still have during certain times in the summer season are the paddle boats.. aHHHHHH brings me right back to my child hood. I can't wait for my little boy to be big enough to enjoy things like this with me.Now days i like to come here just to walk around the park and people watch.They have added a much bigger playground than when i was young and its got a water area where the kids love to splash around running through it.The also have a little mini creek that is always full of children!While i was there i did see a little kid try to pee in the fountain though before his mom ran over and grabbed him. (i laughed out loud)
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,11/15/2014,70,238,3,5,4>Super cool concept and I love buying new gear!!! These bikes that have an electric motor to help power over some of the tougher hills in Park City.  Who would have thought there were so many hills in a mountain town, right?  I need one because I am more of a downhill guy. I can glide down to No Name Salon have a couple of soda pops and motor right back home, No Sweat Bro!!One thing I love about Utah is how many family run businesses there are. This is another business that is locally owned by a nice family.  It looks like they have rentals and sell new bikes.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,11/14/2014,47,104,8,6,6>Another bump in stars, from 3 to 4. The more I hang out here the more it grows on me. Hands down the cheapest drinks I've found. And the sign is correct, I've meant a lot of awesome people here. The barkeeps are nice (even when they cut me off) but they just care . I always hear people complaining about the door guys and I won't lie... Sometimes they do have a grumpy vibe - but they're just doing their job and we all have our off days. They do their job and you do yours, drink!Cheep booze, pretty girls, and a gay guy hit on me. Makes me feel "pretty", great people here. Cheers!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,11/13/2014,43,80,6,7,7>I'm going to make this short and sweet... The scones alone are worth the trip. Beyond that, the bacon is great, the sausage is great, the SOS is very peppery, but good.  The hashbrowns would be awesome if they were crispy.  They use American cheese (if that makes a difference to you), and they cook their eggs pretty durn near perfect. But again, THE SCONES.... And don't whimp out on the honey butter.  Use the whole friggin mound, and then ask for more, and then take some home and bathe in it. The scones..... The scones... I don't even eat flour... The scones.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,11/12/2014,66,164,7,4,4>Loved the asada burrito.  So much meat, so much salsa, so much burrito. Go here and order one of their $5 burritos and take some home for breakfast.  Try their little salsa bar, enjoy their chips, speak a little Spanish (or pretend, like I do), imagine yourself being able to down the entire burrito, find yourself actually finishing the entire burrito, pretend you're not overly full or in need of someone to drive you home, rinse and repeat.Good place. I'll be back.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2014,11/11/2014,46,185,4,5,3>I worried about visiting the new pub on opening night however if I hadn't known that ahead of time, there would not have been any reason to notice. The staff was knowledgable of the menu, fast, & friendly. The food was hot, unique, & delicious. Even our waitress (Kathleen) who admitted she had only been drinking beer for 10 days, knew what beers to recommend. They also have a variety of interesting vegetarian/pescetarian  options including a tofu Cobb salad, a veggie burger, fish n chips, & a blackened salmon salad.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,11/10/2014,1710,637,4,11,8>A 5 star hotel merits a 5 star restaurant. The Garden Cafe, at dinner time, definitely merits that title. From the outset of the meal, I got the sense that only the highest quality ingredients went into each starter, entree and dessert.Bread Basket: think baguette the size of a bread stick and perfectly executed. Great texture, and delicious beyond my wildest expectations. Add the house butter, and I was on the verge of a Bob Wiley, "Oh Fay, this is so scrumptious. Is this hand shucked?", effusion. Bibb Lettuce Salad with candied walnuts, goat cheese and herb vinaigrette: pretty straight forward, with the exception of being better than any other version of the same salad I've experienced previously. Delicious.Grilled Pork Chop: poached cherries, silky thin carrot strings, tender green beans, atop corn bread chorizo stuffing. This chop replaces both Em's and The Copper Onions' pork chops as my favorite. Tender and delicious to the nth degree. Add the cherries, crispy carrots and the sauce and I was flying...oh so high...like a kite...tied to a skate. Grilled Scallop: atop andouille sausage grits, cauliflower, and lobster nage. Subtle flavor but eminently balanced and delicious.Tahitian Vanilla Bean Creme Brûlée: my brother ordered this, because in my bitterness toward most abominations disguised as creme brûlée, I couldn't, and still can't, bring myself to order it. This is creamy silk spun by the magic of the Elves with ingredients provided by the Hobbits. Pleasantly surprised doesn't begin to...never mind. Go. Please. Disclaimer: if you're expecting 5 star clearing dishes/switch out silverware/crumbing the table between each course type of service, you won't find that here, at least on week nights. But the servers are cordial and quite sharp.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,11/9/2014,53,78,6,13,11>Finally.  Finally!  Good, authentic Chinese has arrived in Downtown SLC.  Chef Gao, the brains behind the operation at Sweet Ginger out on 7200 South, has brought his inventive style of no-compromise Chinese cooking artistry to the urban setting, settling in at the former location of the mediocre Asian Isle Restaurant.  My first experience at Chef Gao was a complete success, all that I could have hoped for as a dweller in the heart of Salt Lake.The menu at Chef Gao is a slightly scaled down version of what is offered at Sweet Ginger.  All of my favorites are on there, the black bean sautéed fish, the spicy boiled fish, the stir-fried pork with young bamboo shoots, etc. etc.  Today, I tried a few dishes I had not ordered as of yet at Sweet Ginger, including the beef stew clay pot and the eggplant and scalloped potato stir fry.  Both were fabulous, right up there with the high standards of the Sweet Ginger kitchen.  Everything got to our table in a hurry, with very personable service, we recognized the hostess and she knew us from the other restaurant.  We felt right at ease in this new, smaller space that looks clean, freshly painted and ready to go.I urge any lovers of authentic Chinese cuisine to come give Chef Gao a try.  I'm sure you won't leave disappointed.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,11/7/2014,48,51,1,6,5>Oh my GOSH this place is good. Service was fast and friendly despite being very busy and crowded. Drink machines have pebble ice. We ordered a Totonka (buffalo chicken sandwich), a Tri Tip Steak Sandwich with spicy BBQ sauce, an Apple walnut chicken salad and the Buffalo Bleu Cheese fries. EVERYTHING was delicious but id drive back to Lehi for those fries alone. The only down side to this place is that there isn't one in SLC.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,3/26/2011,76,161,2,2,2>Your Big Lebowski moment awaits! This place happens to be one of the better bowling alleys in the SLC area. It has great prices, during the week its $6 a game with shoes! They have the genuine horrendous shoes expected from a shoe rental. their ball selections is iffy but it is easy to find a 13 pounder with sausage finger holes! It's good for a night out especially if you can't (or don't want to) go to a bar! The snack bar makes cheese-fries so that's a plus and their soda is tasty!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,3/25/2011,73,69,5,10,6>Umm.....best garlic burger in state!If you're used to the Cottonbottom's garlic powder burger your mind will be blown when you try Lucky 13's. The fresh garlic kicks you in the face (in a good way)! They also have a slew of sides, including fries, rosemary-garlic fries (my favorite), jalapeno bottle caps, fried pickle spears and sweet potato fries. The best part is the place is cheap, 2 burgers, 2 sides and 4 beers brought us in at about $28. Great place to throw back a few beers with the stinkiest burger around. We will definitely be back.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,3/24/2011,221,489,9,8,12>I had my first ever raw food meal yesterday. Being a meat and potatoes loving Texan, I had previously scoffed at the idea of an establishment like this, but was feeling oddly in the mood to give it a shot. Maybe it's because "Shimmy Shimmy Ya" by Ol' Dirty Bastard came on the iPod while I was at the gym, though I'm sure that's not what he meant when he said, "Ooh baby, I like it raw." Anyway, I felt a little bad walking in there wearing my leather jacket, but someone else wearing a similar jacket walked in shortly after me, so if we were offending anyone, we were doing it together. Whoever writes the descriptions on the menu has a talent, because they make everything sound amazing. After much deliberation, I settled on the raw pizza (primarily because it's the dish people talk about most here on Yelp). Though calling it a pizza is a bit of a stretch, it was still pretty amazing. I absolutely loved the mix of flavors, and everything tasted super fresh. The "seed cheese" was even vaguely cheesy! Score. My waitress's suggestion to add the bed of greens was definitely a good one. Food like this is not particularly filling, and I admit I was hungry again a couple of hours later. But they do their best to make it more filling by using beans and avocado and such. And hey, at least you know you're not going to get too full. Prices are a bit high as well, but they probably have to pay a lot for their ingredients.A man who I presume was Omar came by at some point to ask how everything was and if I had any questions. He was exactly the kind of person you'd expect to be running a place like this: gentle, soft-spoken, and very smiley. I previously doubted whether he had enough love to include it in all of the items in his menu, but I am now convinced that he does. I am resisting the urge to make jokes about The Wire in this part of the review. So while I, as a good Texan, will continue to periodically consume the meat and potatoes as requested by the motherland, I hope that Rick Perry et al. don't mind me frequenting this establishment. After all, there's a bunch of delicious sounding stuff on the menu that I just have to try.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,3/23/2011,63,139,1,2,1>This was this site of the highly successful and entertaining Bros who Brunch: Part Deux.  Despite being highly recommended, I still hadn't been here till our Yelp event.Its a huge restaurant and has a very log cabin feel about it, right down to the nice rock fireplace in the middle.  It seems that they brew their own beer and there was a guy pruning some sort of parking lot vineyard they have.  Does this mean they have exhaust flavored red wine too?  Maybe I'll figure that out on the next visit.I was there for their Saturday/Sunday brunch.  It was 11am and the place was mostly empty.  It is in the suburbs and I find that people with life partners and child(rens) often don't brunch it up much.  So this could be the best kept secret in brunching in the SL Valley.The brunch menu is limited to a handful of dishes.  Between most everyone at the table, I was able to see the majority of the brunch menu dishes.  The presentation and portions were outstanding.  I personally had the Eggs Florentine.  It was served with diced potatoes and fruit.  The dish was thoughtfully put together with fresh spinach and a very rich hollandaise sauce.  One area that is often left behind are the potatoes.  They were diced with peppers and they actually had taste to them which is something void from most breakfast potatoes.I need to try some of the brews they make on site.  I was a little modest with that brunch outing.  The waitress was unaware of the proper way to make a "beermosa" but she seemed to learn fast.I'm looking forward to going back to try the delicious looking french toast. I'm also looking forward to drinking some of the locally made beer and maybe something from their parking lot vineyard if there is such a smoky exhausty wine.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,3/22/2011,100,149,,7,4>Mazza might have some competition in the 'best middle eastern cuisine' category from Layla.  Great interior space, friendly and knowledgeable service and good food.  If they prove to be consistent they could have a big success on their hands.Everything we tried was good to great, no misses.  Lots of subtlety, flavour and variety.  We tried the mougrabieh (cous cous with chicken in a broth) the musakhan (roasted chicken with sumac and onions in a wrap) plus their zaatar toasted bread.  The menu also had a few americanised options like steaks and ribs, but even the french fry dip was perked up with harissa, cool twist.Cant wait to go back and try more of the menu.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,3/21/2011,67,197,11,8,7>It's really nice to have a place in Salt Lake City that makes such awesome cookies. I guess I'm in love with all the girls (referring to only the cookies, just so we're clear) over here. Well, maybe not Suzie. Sorry Suzie. Audrey, Maris, Margo and Virginia being some of my more favored ones.Attendants are friendly, polite and very generous when it comes to giving away samples. Especially, that one time when I got half a cookie to sample. Yep, a huge half a cookie. It may have helped that it was only a few minutes before they closed and I had just bought a dozen.If I have to constructively criticize, it would be that the attendants can curb their enthusiasm just a tad bit. At the very least not say "good choice" for every cookie I select. I'm sure they're all good but hearing it again and again makes it seem hollow.To summarize:Visits in the past couple of months = 4,5.. (I've stopped counting)Cookies bought = 20+Dollars spent = $$$Pounds gained = I really don't want to know
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,3/20/2011,114,115,4,16,12>My prayers have been answered. A late night food joint that won't break the bank. When I say late, I'm talking EVERY night: Sun-Thurs til 2am and Fri & Sat til 3am! Another great thing is that everything includes tax so the $2.50 slice is really $2.50! And if you're still looking for a deal, their 19" pie is triple the size of the chain place and the Pie Hole is still less than three of chain pizza. All these pros and I still haven't gotten to their pies. They run a good selection of slices both in the vegetarian and meat lover variety. One of their "always on the menu" is the potato bacon pie, yes, it is a must have if you like bacon. Their daily specials have great creativity like the bird dog or sal-or-rizo. The slices are big enough that you have to fold them in half to eat them. In addition to pies, they have salads, wings and cheese/garlic bread. They also have beer! Maybe one day they will have pie of the pastry type for those late night sugar cravings. (hint hint)This place is spot on for the price you pay for a quality product. They have great daily specials, discounts for students. Great atmosphere for lunch, pre/post bar/movie night. I can't wait for them to finish their back room.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,3/19/2011,270,98,5,8,7>On my quest of Salt Lake's best, we stopped here first on our leg of 20 restaurants yesterday. It was deeeevine. Seriously. I've had Banbury Cross before but typically by the time I've gotten one it's lunchtime and they're a wee bit old. We ordered a glazed, cinnamon sugar, sugar, apple fritter, maple bar, and sticky bun. I can't speak for the sticky bun due to the nuts (I so should downgrade the rating to a one for their audacity to not cater to MY allergy needs!) but everything else was freakin' marvelous. The beauty of Banbury is that they produce donuts that aren't tooth shattering sweet. The standout of the group was the cinnamon sugar. The cinn/sugar mix coating was perfection. Much heavier on the cinnamon than most places which added delightful aroma and zing. The donut innards were the definition of pilllowy. Seriously, if you look up pillowy on Wikipedia, I'm pretty sure these are what you'll find.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,3/18/2011,48,57,27,19,17>Mouths are weird. We all just walk around with these wet holes in the front of our heads like it's perfectly normal, jamming stuff in there occasionally. An entire multi-billion-dollar-a-year industry has arisen to accommodate this strange human behavior. Speaking of which, recently my girlfriend and I had the occasion to pay Pipa to provide us with this experience.The sake selection was sub-par. And the furnishings were so pedestrian that I half-expected them to stroll away. And the service was intermittent despite an uncrowded dining area. And the entryway was so heavily frangranced that standing there was like gnawing on a lilac blossom. But all was forgiven once we were seated and the chicken potstickers arrived. They were crunchy and saucy and meaty and good. Next we tried the calamari, which was nearly as tasty with its bell-pepper and jalepeno companions. The pork sliders were acceptable, as was the crab & artichoke dip. And our grand finale--the aubergine stacks--was grand indeed. There are some things that I have regretted putting into my moist head portal, but Pipa's food is not among them. This place has its flaws, but they are quite overlookable.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,3/17/2011,4,227,2,4,5>Update! I have now been to this restaurant at least 5 times and it just keeps getting better. The Pasta Carbonara is great and on my last visit I had the Stroganoff and it was amazingly good. Other items we have had include the roast duck, halibut, chickpea app, meatballs, and meatloaf ... all very good. The prices are very very reasonable for dinner. My only grip is the dessert, the bread pudding is a bit soggy for my liking ( kind of like the center of a Cinnabon). The service all but once was fantastic & friendly.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,4/25/2011,47,96,2,4,4>you just gotta love start-up restaurants with heart, and this place is all about it. there is so much attention to detail in everything they do--from the decor and styling of the restaurant to the food. i got the bottomless soup and salad, and it was awesome. they had a great selection of veggies and fixins for the salad, and there was also some fresh-made dressings that were unique and tasty (and not just ranch and that ghastly french dressing). my toddler chowed down on their salad (yes, she loves salad), and could not get enough of the lime-honey-thyme vinaigrette. i got the southwest chicken chowder soup, and it was pretty tasty. i could tell that it was made in house and not purchased, because the cuts of the chicken and veggies was not factory-perfect. my husband ordered the meatball sandwich with a side salad. he didn't say much about it besides it tasting good, but i know it must have been better than good since he ate it all with nary a comment for a couple of minutes. and since we were there while they were doing some food styling and photography for their website, we got to try the cheesesteak sandwich too. it was pretty much a taste explosion in my mouth. great quality meat, grilled peppers and onions, the right kind of meltiness in the cheese (but not whiz) and a pop of pickled jalepenos. the bread they used was perfect too. i may or may not have had a dream about this sandwich last night...all in all, this place deserves a try. provo center street has been in need of something new, and this place is the right type of business to come in. we talked to the chef extraordinaire and the owners, and it just so happens that they are the ones who will be responsible for taking over the corner where los hermanos used to be. some good things are to come, so go to station 22 and eat what they got now (support local!!!) and check 'em out later.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,4/24/2011,4,16,,5,3>I had the Pulled Pork Sandwich with a side of beans, my wife had the same sandwich but had the Cornbread Salad.  All of it was spectacular.  The beans were the best I have had and the cornbread salad was unique and VERY good.In terms of price and service, my wife and I spent $10 each, that included soft drinks.  The service was incredible.  Sean, the owner, was talking with patrons as well as serving them.  He was really helpful and friendly.  The food got to us really fast, almost before we got our drinks filled.The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was that Sean's does not have quite the selection that I would like.  If possible I would love to see plain cornbread and maybe hush puppies as sides.All in all, I love the place, I will definitely go back!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,4/23/2011,43,6,3,4,4>Oh the love that I have for this restaurant! I love that the staff makes you feel at home and like you are apart of their family when you walk into the restaurant. The food is always consistent and never lets me down. I love the ambiance that the restaurant consists of....the music, the servers, and the guests. I love that I can bring anybody new to the restaurant and they feel the same warmth and receive the same attention and they are ecstatic to have their next experience with their families and friends as well.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,4/22/2011,81,221,,4,5>Stopped by this morning. It was very busy but my partner and I found a stop at the counter. I thought the food was great and the owners were fun and charming. Service was a bit slow but we were in no rush so it was ok. I'm thinking they will need more help to handle the demand!Anyway, the food will keep us coming back. Lemon pancakes... Amazing! The texture and taste were unique and fabulous. Good coffee, good bacon. Tried the chili verde on a side of eggs and it was rich and tasty as well. Fun experience. We will be back
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,4/21/2011,41,112,28,4,2>Place is definitely creepy, but worth checking out once. It really looks like a ragtag collection of sculptures. Recommend if... A) You can't afford a trip to Egypt to see the real Sphinx. B) You're drunk and EVERYTHING is funny. C) You want to piss off your in-laws. D) You want a great spot to break up with someone (tell them that you want to take stroll in the park, tell them, then ditch them in the creepiest place in SLC.  Classic move!).
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,4/20/2011,210,116,3,8,4>I am baffled I haven't been to this charming place until this evening. In a hidden location, which is something I have come to appreciate to no end, it is a perfect way to go out and feel like you are "getting away". My phone died shortly after we arrived and I think it was just what I needed to really breathe in and absorb just how amazing this little joint is. The patio is currently closed and you know as soon as the weather allows, I will be dining on that patio often. The wait was only 20 minutes on a friday night and the place was packed. That should give you an idea as to how small this place is. A small square building filled to the brim with voices, beautiful people, likable staff and the smell of mouth watering food.My friend and I both ordered their Granny Smith salad which consists of arugula, grilled apples, vinaigrette, walnuts and goat cheese. So yum. We ordered the Brussel Sprouts, which dare I say are better than Eva's and High West's. Flavor wise, better than Eva's. Cooked wise, better than High West. We also ordered their Mushrooms and Brie and I couldn't help feeling guilty after eating it. It was so damn good! Anything that good must be bad for you right? To start I got the soup special which was a Spicy Indian Butternut Squash. Enough said. My friend ordered the Mac and Cheese which I couldn't bring myself to try. I was already getting Mushroom and Brie bum. To drink we had a glass of Pino Gri from Oregon and a San Pellegrino. The atmosphere was wonderful. Short wait, pleasant and non-annoying waitress, amazing food and a good night out with a girlfriend. I can't wait to go there again.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,4/19/2011,30,38,6,6,6>How do you know I love you, fellow Yelpers? Because even though this review might just inspire you to plunder my (up til now) secret supply of inexpensive, local, pastured eggs, I am writing it anyway. If you know the joy of eating pastured eggs but deny yourself this simple pleasure because of the price tag at *a certain health food store that shall remain nameless* deny yourself no longer!Broadway Market sells them for far, far less AND they're local--not shipped  from Texas like the ones at, well, THAT health food store.Beautiful, brilliant, blazing orange yolks, here you come!Not only that, but I love the imported Greek foods here---halloumi cheese, vanilla preserves, goat milk butter. Check out the olive oils, too. And the deli!My only complaint is that sometimes the shelves have been depressingly empty, but hey, maybe that's because I wandered in after crazy rushes. Also, as someone else mentioned, it can be a trick to catch them open.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/18/2011,45,107,1,7,5>I recently adopted my cat, Pumpkin Pie, from the humane Society. It was such a wonderful experience. After I had chosen my cat, I embarrassingly shed a few tears that I had to leave the rest behind. Yes, I'm an animal lover, and a huge boob. The staff was kind to me about it, they trimmed up my kitty's claws, and then gave her a hand sewn cat nip pillow to play with in her carrying crate. The staff gave me some great tips on preventing and correcting naughty cat behavior, and sent me on my way with my new companion animal.  Unfortunately, they are not a no-kill facility, but they do an awesome job adopting out animals and do a wonderful service to the animals and the community.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,4/17/2011,48,385,,4,2>Yup... Bigger than the one on N. Temple and no wait on this cool night, so I headed here instead.Expansive menu... more so than just about any Mexican restaurant that I have been in.  The chimichanga was excellent... kinda odd having it "wet", but I learned to adjust and welcomed the surprise.  Margaritas were tasty.  Too much of the rice and beans and not enough of the chimi, but Im not gonna make a huge deal over that one. Very comfortable setting... not cheezy like some places.  It did get a bit noisy, but then thats sorta what happens when comfort meets good food and good spirits....
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,4/16/2011,20,15,4,9,8>So many deli's to choose from nothing really sets them apart right? WRONG!  Little Dave's Deli is in a league of it's own among sandwich makers.  I have to say that going to get a sandwich isn't that exciting so I kept my expectations in check but when I walked in to a super friendly greeting from the guy at the counter and a very cool nostalgic atmosphere my yelp-senses said "hmmm...this could be good!"I ordered a turkey sandwich again, not that exciting but it was delicious!  The fries are perfectly cooked and my husband's Philly Cheese Steak was better than any I'd tasted in the past. So...great food, nice staff and clean/cute atmosphere = 4 starsWhat would make it a 5 you ask? More fresh sandwich toppings to choose from.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,5/18/2014,210,1036,3,6,6>We stopped by Taqueria 27 for brunch after visiting Red Butte Garden last Sunday. This restaurant located just off Foothill Drive is modern, nicely decorated and comfortable. They have indoor seating and a small outside patio for warmer weather. I ordered the fried chicken and doughnuts (really churros without the cinnamon sugar) and my wife ordered the T27 Rancheros, their take on a classic Mexican dish. We started with chips and some amazing fresh salsa. Taqueria 27 makes their own salsas and has some great options to choose from.The friend chicken and churros was a lot like chicken and waffles. Taqueria 27's take on the dish had a unique flavor and was very delicious. The thin chicken breast was lightly breaded and perfectly seasoned and cooked. It was served with an agave infused syrup that was very good too. Although the churros were a little unusual, they worked with the dish, and complimented the chicken well. Overall the dish had great flavors and was very good. I would definitely order it again.My wife let me steal a few bites of her T27 Rancheros and it was also very good. The flavors were excellent and with some spicy salsa it was even better! Overall we were very satisfied with our meals and the brunch experience at Taqueria 27. Highly recommended!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/17/2014,249,176,2,5,3>Takashi is "it", for me. I won't go anywhere else in Utah, for sushi.I've never had a bad meal at Takashi.Coming from Seattle, a seafood restaurant has to meet pretty high standards, for me to praise it. And Takashi always exceeds my expectations.Of the appetizers, I like everything. But the Buddha belly is my favorite.I could order any sushi roll on the menu, and be happy. But the soft-shelled crab: spider roll is tops, in my book.I always try to get there at least 15 minutes early, and even then, there's always a line. But the reason is because Takashi is so well-known, & liked.It's consistently good food. And I will be consistent about going there.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,5/16/2014,82,143,2,13,3>This restaurant is just open for two months. I think this would be my favorite dimsum restaurant in Utah.When I came in today, the restaurant is clean, including their rest room. It's kinda tricky to find because the sign is not that clear and you need to park and came into the restaurant from the back.The nice thing about this dimsum restaurant is that they are the "cart type" of dimsum restaurant, so the dimsum came to your table hot and fresh, you just need to pick on what you want to have.We ordered quite number of dimsum types started from BBQ pork bun, Siew may, ha Kao, chicken feet, porridge, steam spare ribs, siao long Pao, Cing cong fan with shrimp, beef tripe, etc.The best is Chicken Feet. I ate 3 portions of it, this is the best chicken feet in Utah. It is really tasty, juicy and the spice is just perfect !Their Siew may is really delicious as well...The one that is not so good is the steam spare ribs... You could see the chef from the window in the restaurant on how they make dim sum, pretty cool ... Today, I even see how they made the wrap of Ha Kao, somehow I thought they bought the wrap, but they even made the wrap themselves ...So happy to find good dimsum restaurant nearby !
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,5/15/2014,203,388,4,7,6>DRAPER, UT: This is the only Chicago pizza in this part of Utah, and they have done a sincere-and effective-reproduction of the excellent fare in Chicago.  I like it.I ordered a large with basic pepperoni for just under $20 and it fed one adult and four young children.  The sub-style of this pizza is alike to Giordanos, not Lou Malnatis or Unos, if you have tried these Chicago pizza chains.  This means the sauce is flavorful, slightly sweet, and doesn't have chunks of tomatoes in it.  I actually prefer no chunks in the sauce, so it was perfect for me.  It was so good, my picky six year old daughter just spooned the sauce off the top and ate it direct, much how she does frosting off a cupcake, to my dismay.The crust is dense, like a pie crust, not "bready" like a standard chain.  It's buttery and flavorful.  This one was cooked a little too much, hence 4 stars, but almost good enough to be five.The service was terrific.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,5/14/2014,73,129,4,7,5>All my friends were so impressed when I posted pictures of the food from here and hashtagged it "fromscratch" because they thought I made the dishes from scratch. I wish! If I could, I would make risotto cake for myself everyday! Risotto is one of my favorite foods and the only way to make risotto better is to deep fry it and eat it with fire roasted bell pepper sauce and arugula! This is the dish I will order every time I visit From Scratch. Next up was the short rib. The first few bites were really good - the meat was so tender it just fell apart when I stuck my fork in and the mashed potatoes complemented it pretty well. However, it was easy to get sick of this dish because the short rib was a little too salty.Last but definitely not least, we had the mushroom pizza! It came with arugula, caramelized onions, mushroom, goat cheese, and mozzarella. This was definitely the best mushroom pizza I've ever had.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,5/13/2014,314,135,5,8,6>Great Pizza!!!So the fad right now is the Neapolitan pizza, but Este's New York style pizza is so much better. It's even better than some of the other New York style pizza places in town. Why you ask?Well, their crust is thin and crisp and not burnt in places nor is it flimsy. I'm not saying all the other places are like this, but Este is consistent. Their toppings and sauce taste great as well. I do have to say that the lasagna pizza was better than the bbq chicken. The chicken was just slightly dry and some other toppings like cilantro and stuff might have helped enhanced the flavors. I can't say if the lasagna pizza is their best since I haven't tried their other pizzas yet.Customer service was great. Our waitress was actually funny/intuitive. I had the dessert side of the menu faced up and she was like, " I see you have the dessert menu up, would you like to order a dessert?"This is one pizza place that I will definitely come back to.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/12/2014,73,94,3,6,4>Our food was 5 star, but our service was lacking.We came in for Easter brunch and had an early-ish reservation (1030)....that will be the last time we do brunch in Utah before 1130. I need my morning libation while out for brunch.They had a few specials for the day, deviled eggs and poached cod, but we stuck with the menu that day. Started with BBQ beets which were delicious and had a great flavor. Our main courses were the Benedict and the croque Madame. Personally, I think the croque stole the show. The bread was perfectly toasted/grilled and paired with the mornay sauce and the fried eggs....wow! Their county potatoes are good, but for a breakfast I would prefer a smaller cut spud.Our server was just not around. We saw him when we ordered and then half hour later when our food finally showed up...that was about it. It was pretty frustrating when people who were sat 10 minutes after us were eating already and our server hadn't even been around to tell us that it's almost finished. We also tried to find out what spice was on the beets that was so unique, but when asked someone, they said they didn't know and would send the server over....needless to say, it's a good thing we didn't hold our breath.I like to come back and see if that problem is changed, because it was great otherwise.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,5/11/2014,349,631,1,7,2>Everything seems to have taken a turn for the better here.  The décors were the same, but the place seems cleaner, or maybe just more organized.One thing they got right was serving their Dim Sum at hot temperature, unlike many other Dim Sum joints in state serve them only at warm to cold temperature.  Flavor was a hit this last time, but it could still be a miss sometime. I cannot speak for all their dinner dishes, but one remarkable dish was their Steamed Sea Bass, which they cooked perfectly during my last visit, like a fish steak with balanced flavor.They still employ a team of non-Chinese chefs, but I think they have gotten better during the years and they were capable of preparing some decent authentic Chinese food now.  Service was actually not bad, I guess the owner seems happy, and it must have trickle-down to the staff as well.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/10/2014,178,50,3,6,2>Ok ok -- so I'm a literal regualr here. Not a I went here twice and now yelp says I'm a regualr. I go here almost everyday. First of the people there are awesome. Pretty sure it's family owned -- My favorite is the german babe. She's always so happy to see me and we like to joke. js. They used to have this small location a couple blocks east, but ever since they moved it's been so great because they have added a lot more options and have a small area to eat and drink your coffee.I always order their breakfast sandwiches. They are good sandwiches but for a good price. Plus they are custom, so you can make them however you want.Huge selection of German pastries and breads. That's the best part. I'm a huge fan of fresh bread and pastries. My favorites are the Raspberry Berliner and the cream cheese pastry.I still need to dive into the different candies they have. I tried the vodka chocolates once. Who doesn't like to get drunk of little chocolate candies right?.. yeah. i didn't like it. lol.Anyway. Love the peeps there, love the food. Cheers.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,5/9/2014,100,87,5,7,2>The best buffalo "chicken" sandwich that has ever been consumed by this girl. Holy Buds, you blew my mind.Short hours, small menu, tiny shop, inexpensive, huge portions = biggest taste bud explosion. Thank you for that sandwich.Philly cheezesteak was good but not nearly as flavorful as the buffalo chicken. PB&J is standard with really great ingredients. All you need to know is that you need to make time for this gem. Then go back again and again and again.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,7/8/2013,210,1036,3,2,3>Mountain City Restaurant is a pretty typical Chinese restaurant. They have a wide variety of entrees on the menu and their prices are reasonable. We went here for lunch a few weeks ago with a big group, so the waitress suggested we ordered family-style so we could share. That turned out to be a great idea. There was only five of us but we ended up with six entrees and more food then we honestly knew what to do with. Food coma anyone? You practically had to roll us out the door! The kung pow chicken, yellow curry with chicken, beef with broccoli, and walnut chicken were all good. To describe our waitress as eccentric would be an understatement. The older, little Chinese lady that served our table was something else. She scolded me about not having more vegetables from one of the dishes we ordered; filled our plates with more food without our permission; and forced us to eat hot peppers! She definitely made the Mountain City Restaurant a unique and hilarious dining experience. If you go here for a meal I hope you have a chance to meet her, she was great.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,7/7/2013,114,115,4,7,5>This is a friendship defining establishment.What does this mean? It's a place so good that your friendship is tested - are you willing to share all this delicious food or do you keep this your secret all to yourself. It's a tough choice sometimes. It's a modern ma and pa operation, food is made simple and basic. For example, the savory meat pies aren't made from potatoes boiled in mineral water from a rare spring brought in by sherpas. The beef isn't from holistic raised cows. The peas aren't from a variety that are direct descendents of Mendel's... you get the picture. It's just basic ingredients made into a good dish. Their main staple are the sweet pies and as George Takei would say, "Oh Pie!"They have quite the variety of these in slices, mini and whole sizes. I'm starting to go into a sugar coma right now so I'll be brief and have to update this but the sour cream lemon is a sure hit. But the pie not to miss is the Pearadise made with PEARS! Where does the modern come in? They use Square's iPad POS for payment. Bonus!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,7/6/2013,17,45,1,3,2>Best toy store on the planet! We left my daughter's stuffed animal a duck there one day on accident. When we returned to see if they still had it a few hours later they not only had her duck they had fixed his eye and foot!!! My daughter (now nearly 5) has had that duck since she was born... I was nearly in tears over their beautiful jester! We have made it our goal to buy all our toys from their shop ever since! It's people who care this much that can and will keep the economy in the United States alive! Thank you for being wonderful! Friendly loving staff, great selection and we always try to support local business!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,7/5/2013,19,57,1,7,5>All of my reviews are based on cost to taste ratio. This one hit a sweet spot. For $8 you get two side-sized portions of entrees, rice and an egg roll. I had the yellow curry and the cashew chicken. Both were incredibly delicious. Service was good, ambiance was meh. But, I just plan on coming here during the work week so I'd say it was just right :)
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/4/2013,32,70,,4,3>This small restaurant is a shining example of doing barbecue right. Rather than trying to be all things to all people, they focus on a small menu--pulled pork, beef brisket, chicken and, last but not least, their Cajun sausage. They boast that all four are smoked for 12+ hours, and after one bite you'll certainly believe it.  (If you can handle a little spice, please do try their Cajun sausage--it is wonderful beyond words.)Their variety of sides--ten different items--are all excellent as well.  All of your hoped-for items are here: great dinner rolls and corn bread, yummy gooey mac & cheese, and so on.  Long story short: if you can't find something you love here, you're just not trying.This place looks deceptively small.  I was amazed when I counted 50 chairs.  There are also a few outdoor tables, weather permitting.One visit at a time, the Smoking Apple is becoming my favorite barbecue restaurant in Utah county.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,7/3/2013,12,126,8,3,2>In the far distant future, some post-human scientist will look back at our primitive, backwards era and cite one bright light, a beacon that hinted that our society was more than dirty politicians, frivolous litigation, and mediocre television. And that beacon will be a toasted hot dog covered with peanut butter, bacon, and jalapenos ...Or maybe a hotdog with a cup of mac & cheese dumped on it, then slathered with chili ...Or maybe it's the dog with cheese, bacon, and avocados ... I don't know the future. All I know it that this future guy will be seriously impressed. I didn't even venture into the "& More" part of "Dawgs & More", but what was there was awesome.What there wasn't was napkins and indoor seating, but in the future it is a symbol of status to have your lips rimmed with gooey cheese.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,7/2/2013,63,274,2,3,2>There's a couple of Holiday Oil locations I visit from time to time in the South end of the valley, and while it's hard really to compare one gas station from another based on their basic premise, which to go back to my cave man roots goes something along the lines of "it make car go, so me happy".  Sure all these chains are supplied by different refineries, but technically (here goes the engineer in me) it's all made to the same chemical standard - any issues you might ever have are more likely down to the delivery system having contamination.  I really can't say I can ever tell any difference in gas from chain to chain as an engineer except the one parameter which begins with the mathematical symbol $.I can however certainly compare specific locations on customer service when you venture inside their convenience stores.  And I do have to say this one is the greatest, especially when Dave is on duty.  Friendliest and most up beat gas station clerk ever, plain and simple.  And I've found the same friendly service in other Holiday Oil locations too in general.This particular gas station is also convenient if you travel Bangerter highway, it's one of the easier ones to get into and out of in the South West area of the valley without dealing with some of the crazy intersections we are now used to in the area and better than pretty much any if you need to reach one quickly when travelling the aforementioned highway.It seems a tad ironic that with a place with good service like this that they need to put a huge clown on the outside, first I know many who are just plain scared of clowns, but I have a theory.  I think it's a special type of Feng Shui.  Many gas stations seem to place the clowns on the inside at the registers instead.I don't know if Stephen King visits Utah often, but if he did and needs the services of a gas station, he'd probably say this is "IT".
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,7/1/2013,14,245,,5,2>I have had this place booked marked in Yelp for awhile now, unfortunately they are out of the way for me so it took too long to get here.  I really wanted to try their popover sandwiches so as I walked in the door I noted a sign highlighting their Philly Cheese Steak.  I asked if the Philly came on a popover and was told it normally comes on a hoagie style bun but they would make it however I liked.  I ordered the Philly on a regular popover with no vegetables, I was then asked what side most were salads of some sort but they had the option for deviled egg so I went with that.My sandwich took five or so minutes to make and came to the table.  I quickly noticed that the sandwich had the veggies I asked to be left off but the meat to veg ratio was such that I was fine pushing the veggies aside.  The steak was chunks of well seasoned tender meat and was extremely tasty.  The popover was crunchy on the outside and soft and eggy on the inside making for a very good nontraditional Philly Cheese Steak.  The sides, as mentioned none where what I expected or wanted but I typically like deviled eggs.  My eggs were very bland, they were really needing a hit of vinegar or mustard to give them some flavor.  Later I noticed they had spiced deviled eggs, they were not offered as a side for my sammy but I will try for them next time otherwise skip the side all together.Food very good (sandwich anyway), service good, music very good, atmosphere good, I will have to make the trek to visit them again. I noted some signs that said they featured award winning Chili Verde, I may try that sometime.  Unfortunately, this time I was set on a Popover sandwich.  I have not seen other reviews that mentioned the verde hopefully some will get posted giving me some help with my menu choice next time.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,6/30/2013,245,216,3,3,3>I absolutely love Saffron Valley in South Jordan so I was excited to see something a little bit closer.I went for the first time about a month after they opened up and as many said, there were some kinks. But I've been back since then and most of it has been worked out.I'm glad they kept the grounds the same as Pagoda had some beautiful landscaping. Though it doesn't fit in with the Indian "theme" it's still quite lovely. They have transformed the inside and I like what they've done with it. The downstairs gets a little warm during big events but it's nice to know that they can host events.Let's talk food since this is their shining star. I think one of my favorite dishes is saag. It's usually somewhat like a thickened creamed spinach. When I tried the saag panir at Saffron Valley, wow. I was blown away. It's different than any other I've had. I don't even know how to explain it. Just get it.If you're a lamb fan, (and even if you're not a huge fan), try it. I'm not generally a huge lamb fan; it's a little too gamey for my taste most of the time. But this place knows how to do it right. I've had both the lamb coconut korma as well as the lamb chops. Yum. The meat is tender and so flavorful. If you're scared of trying lamb but you're intrigued. Try it in a curry first. You won't be disappointed.The service could still use a little more work. The wait staff is very kind, don't get me wrong. But sometimes things feel a bit slow. The few times I've gone, I've had to wait awhile to get my bill. It wouldn't be a big deal if it was busy but when I'm one of 4-5 tables in the whole restaurant... But at least they're nice! Oh one last thing and it's really just a preference thing. I like it hot. So spicy. And usually Indian food can get really spicy. But even after requesting it hot and getting extra hot sauce, it's still just not hot enough for me. But I'd rather give up the spiciness than good flavor so it's just a note.Go. And say hi to the lovely owner, Lavanya. She's a gem.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,6/29/2013,66,164,6,11,5>Don't be fooled by the lower reviews or the people that say the food is bland.  First, you can't call an entire menu "bland" because you had one dish one time that wasn't as salty (I'm looking at you, chain restaurants) or as sweet (cafe rio, where everything's marinated in brown sugar!) as you're used to.Second, realize that some dishes at every restaurant are better than others.  While I think that Maria Bonita's has an all around solid menu, don't order a 5 dollar, basic taco and compare it to another restaurant's 14 dollar speciality.  In fact, when you're reviewing, why don't you list what you ate?  In other words, I've found three meals at MBs that I'd put up against any other Mexican dish anywhere (yes, I'm familiar with Mexican food in places like Arizona, California, and New Mexico--the latter is where I found my wife), and these are the reasons I come back again and again and again:  1.  The flautas.2.   The molcajete3. The brochettes (my personal favorite). Tip: The brochettes can be shared by 3 or 4 people . . . honestly.  And whatever they use to marinate the chicken, onions, peppers, and steak is amazing.  2nd Tip: The flautas are deep fried, so if you're afraid of a little oil, don't order this.  I usually am afraid of oil, but if I know I'm getting something deep fried, I expect it and, hopefully, find the taste most important than the oil level.  That's the case with these flautas.   3rd Tip:  Be a little patient.  The food isn't trucked in from Sysco in little baggies that have to be microwaved. I used to serve at a couple of chain restaurants and never got over the fact that we used pork ribs that had been cooked sometime before they ever entered our restaurant, that our fajitas were shipped in little plastic bags with all of the sauce already made and that only had to be opened and placed on a hot plate (that is, the only actual cooking that we did involved heating up a metal platter, then opening and pouring the "food" onto the platter.), among other examples.  Me?  I'd rather wait a bit for my food than get it instantly because it's been sitting under a heat lamp all day.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,4/27/2014,64,99,1,6,5>This is probably my most favorite food truck in Salt Lake City. Lewis Bros is a mesh burgers and fries with kimchi and other very flavorful additions. I am actually surprised I have not reviewed the truck yet. I would highly suggest the kimchi fries and either the banh mi or the pastrami burger. Getting both ensures you a very substantial lunch or dinner. I really like their aioli and sriracha mix with the fries. Sometimes they can be a little slow, but it has always been worth the wait. The ingredients have always been fresh and the staff has always been friendly. Occasionally they will run out of items which is a bummer, but sometimes I ask for something I have previously had not on the menu at the time and they cook it up.  Since it is a food truck, location matters. Lewis Bros is usually in a convenient area for my liking (near downtown), but they post their locations on Twitter and Facebook which leaves the guessing game to a few clicks of the smartphone or computer. Lewis Bros accepts cash and cards via Square. So next time you are at an event downtown or up at the U check out Lewis Bros. They also do events if you want so feed a lot of people.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2014,4/26/2014,25,203,1,7,4>In my quest to try (TRY) to make healthier good choices, decided to try this place out.The waiter/host was really knowledgeable. He was able to answer all my food questions and helped me make some choices. Got the spicy jalapeño /cashew cheese poppers. There was definitely some heat. I liked that it was baked. Could have used a little salt but still but good.My entree was the black bean sliders and for dessert I got the rosemary infused tart topped with honey and strawberries.I was thinking the sliders would have a patty consistency and it didn't. It was a bit of a hash but of beans. It still tasted good but wasn't what I expected. The slaw on the side lacked flavor and seasoning.The tart was rich. The goat cheese was pretty mild which was nice. The crust could have been a little thinner. It was tough to cut.All in all - it was a good visit. Organic/gluten free is an acquired taste. I've eaten processed foods for so long that my tastebuds needed to adjust.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,4/25/2014,94,67,6,8,5>I love this theater. Its right by my house which is very convenient. Its in the gateway mall so I will always go a little early and throw away my money (I need a mall by house like I need another hole in my head). There is a nice pavilion area outside to sit around on if you don't feel like shopping and that's nice for people watching, and there are people here worth watching. They have heat lamps in the winter so you don't freeze your face off as well as some loungey chairs in the summer. The inside is always very clean and the bathrooms are never even close to being as gross as some other theaters *cough* Century 16 on 33rd and State *cough*I don't go to theaters as much as I would like like to due to my absolute disgust of the buttered popcorn smell. When I do go I come here.Make sure you get the megaplex rewards card. You get free popcorn all the time, Awesome!How is the parking you say? Get it validated so you don't have to pay.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,4/24/2014,59,71,1,17,6>This review has weighed heavily on my soul for a couple of weeks now.Takashi has opened this sushi shop where the Sushi in Joy was previously. The interior is mostly unchanged. I love that when I come in I feel completely welcomed. I feel like he genuinely appreciates my business. The first time I went, we ordered the sushi boat. Had some rolls, also some Nigiri. Nice fish, nice seaweed salads. The seaweed salad was super gingery, I really loved it. The next time we all got Bento boxes. This time I got Sashimi. I love what he prepared for me. Incredible yellow tail, he later came out and told us that he had cut our portions off of the belly. Also he gave us a thick slab of butterfish. Oh my.. tender morsel. Lastly a cut of tuna. Takashi sears the edges and adds salt and pepper. I don't know if that falls under traditional but it sure does taste nice. I just really enjoyed my time at his establishment. There is some room for improvement, and I hesitate to bring this to light. I would still classify myself as a sushi rookie, too much of my knowledge is book based. I thought that, especially with Nigiri, the chef was supposed to add wasabi as he saw fit, and glaze the fish with soy. Here at Itto, it's just fish on rice. Also the rice doesn't have that tang that I've come to love. It falls apart more than other places that I've visited. This could very well just be Takashi's preference and I would respect that if it was. There is wasabi and soy on the table. Once he even brought us a soy based glaze that he said he really likes. Takashi and his staff are incredible, I want them to be successful. I do, in fact, recommend this establishment, with only the slightest of reservations. I welcome any sushi masters to send me a message to either correct me or to educate me. Thanks for reading.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,4/23/2014,165,167,4,6,4>This is a special review because it gives me enough places in the "For Old White People" genre that I get to make a list. It's really good Mexican food if you prefer Mexican food of the iceberg lettuce and not spicy at all variety.It's kind of a bar/cantina atmosphere in what used to be an Italian restaurant. Everything was decent. No complaints. The service was great and we had no hiccups at all despite being a party of about 20. Parking sucked but I'm not scared of walking so it doesn't even bare mentioning, unless you ARE scared of walking, or have trouble doing it, in which case, now you know. Back to the Cantina atmosphere. This, combined with the fact that old white people seem to thrive here, means it's a perfect spot for the ward to get out and feel like they're having a bit of a fiesta. Also big families. In our case it was a family plus a good portion of the ward, so I feel like it was the perfect spot.They do have TVs with sports playing, and they do serve alcohol, so take note of that if you're in the area and want something other than the usual mall parking lot chains, or just want to avoid the mall parking lot altogether.The tortilla chips were thin and fresh and crisp... They didn't seem to be out of a bag, so points for that. There were also two types of salsa, a kind of smoky tomato based one, and a creamy green one (Cilantroesque? Avocadoish?) Neither had much discernible flavor.  I got the taco salad, which was huge but confusing. No dressing, but a good scoop of sour cream and guacamole helped. There was also a small dish of queso dip stuff served with it, which I wasn't sure how to approach, so I did what felt natural. I dumped it on the salad, mixed it up which broke open the (really really nice and tasty and perfectly fried) tortilla bowl thing and dove in. I had the beef (think: carne asada sorta) and it was a little salty but tasty. Next time I'd ask for jalepenos (but I almost wonder if they have them) and/or hot sauce (there's got to be a stash of Cholula somewhere in the joint. Probably) to liven things up.Several of my dining companions are obsessed with the fried avocado, and it looked really good. Like. I'd probably go back with them if they invited me, and I'd probably order that, and fill up on chips.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/22/2014,27,87,2,11,5>We went on a Saturday morning and it was packed. We expected the wait to be pretty long but were pleasantly surprised. There isn't much parking in the lot but lots of room in the surrounding neighborhood. There is also a heated waiting area outside.The food was delicious, I had the french toast plate. The food came out very fast and the service was excellent. We had one main waiter but there were tons of other workers refilling drinks, clearing plates, etc. I can see why the wait was so short, because the service was so fast.Very impressed with The Park Cafe, will definitely be going back!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,4/21/2014,105,420,4,8,6>We came here for brunch before the Opera. It's not $3 mimosas. But, that's not what you come here for. You come here for fine dining, excellent service and hopefully very good food. You can pretty much assume most hotels have "hotel" food. That's competent food done by the numbers that's somewhat overpriced.Fortunately, Kimpton hotels break the mold. I've always had well prepared food worth the price. In Utah, the cocktails are over priced, but decent. There are more trendy places and arguably better values at other very good places downtown, but nothing really embodies grand dining and elegance as well. I've been here for dinner with the wife recently as well. It was also up to snuff. You can spend more at Grand America, but I find it all to sterile there.Over the years Hotel Monaco has been through ups and downs. Probably more downs than ups. I'm thrilled it's in an up phase.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,4/20/2014,38,93,2,11,5>Pros: 30% off grand opening specialSeems to not use lots of msgGood sa te pepperOrdered the seafood pho--pretty goodWaiter was friendlyCons: about $1 more expensive than other pho placesWomen's bathroom could use some tidying up and cleaning We had a group of 6, 5 of whom ordered soup but they gave very little veggies. If you need more, just ask. They will be happy to give you more. Maybe they should give same portion but encourage you to ask for more if u need to prevent waste.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,4/19/2014,121,176,3,9,6>I had a phenomenal experience here. My expectations of sushi in a strip mall were very, very low. However, my hopes were raised upon entering and taking in the lovely decor. The boy and I got the last table for two on a Thursday night, and we were seated within 5 minutes. The servers were attentive and friendly, but not annoying or fake-friendly. What really won me over was the food.The agedashi tofu appetizer was served separately from the broth. Our server poured the broth table-side, meaning that our tofu was not soggy by the time it got to us. It was a clever way to go about it. We got the Thai Roll special with thinly sliced jalapeños, and it was divine. Just the right amount of heat to counter the rice vinegar in the sushi rice and the freshness of the fish. We also got the Veggie Roll, which had a lovely crunch and freshness to it as well. The most notable feature about the rolls is that they are excellently rolled! They are similar to Kyoto's quality rolls and superior to Sushi Groove's rolls that fall apart when poked. We will be back!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,4/18/2014,68,229,4,10,7>I've been here on a few different occasions, but tonight might have taken the cake. There was a bit of a wait, but it was half as long as it would have been at Red Iguana 1, so I guess I can't really complain. I loved sitting in the bar area, and apparently they have a guitar player who walks from table to table singing Spanish love ballads on Saturday nights.  Pretty sweet!  Like so many others, I am a sucker for the mole.  Almond and pumpkin are probably my favorites, but honestly I love them all and I get SO EXCITED when the waitress brings the sampler and explains every flavor.  It never gets old.  Today I ordered puntas de filete a la nortena with the jalapenos on  the side and it was excellent.  My friend got some giant combo that had one of everything, and he was satisfied, but I maintain that he would have been MORE satisfied had he heeded my advice and ordered something with mole.  Red Iguana 2 is great because it's the same wonderful food as Red Iguana 1 without the wait.  Obviously I'm going back.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,8/30/2013,103,85,2,3,3>This is the best BBQ in the area.  That's all you need to know, really.  One thing that's important to me is delicious sides, and Five Star kills it in that department. The corn bread (with honey butter) and cole slaw were superb.  The slaw is so fresh and not overly dressed like most I've had.The meat, of course, is perfection.  Order whatever you normally enjoy, and you will receive a knockout version of it.  I personally love the brisket, and their sauces are a great addition.  I'm actually kind of pissed I chose to write this when they're closed because I NEED TO GO THERE. What am I supposed to do now?
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,8/29/2013,235,367,5,7,6>On our way to becoming official Salt Lake Cityers (Cityans? CItyites? What do you guys call yourselves anyway?) we felt the need to sample the fare at the Red Iguana.  Four of us arrived at 5:00 on a Sunday, and there was no wait at all.  Everything we sampled was tasty and well-prepared. Even the chips were irresistible. The waiter recommended the margarita, and it was indeed delicious.  Hubby doesn't care for tequila, so he got a sangria instead, which was about the nastiest drink I ever tasted.  It was not unlike cough syrup.  I didn't know it was even possible to mess up sangria, but they managed it.Aside from that, we would definitely recommend the place. It's not fancy, but you get a great meal at a very good price.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,8/28/2013,53,148,1,15,3>So I've been coming here at least once a week and the food is consistently YUMMY! I love it that the service is always outstanding - I see customers coming in and hugging their servers and that tells me that there are people that come very often and love it here! Try the walnut shrimp on the chefs special menu and the house special rice. I also love the cheese wontons and the egg drop soup! - that's my favorite meal!!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,8/26/2013,160,294,3,5,5>We visited Porcupine on a busy Friday evening, and were seated nearly immediately. I guess we got lucky. The place was packed, and there were no empty tables to be seen anywhere.Our server was friendly and accommodating enough, but she seemed so busy that much beyond fundamental service wasn't possible. Regardless, we didn't want for anything during the meal, so she did a fine job.Appetizers, starters, drinks, and entrees at our table looked fantastic, and didn't linger long. No one had any major complaints about the food. In fact, the Creamy Chicken Noodle Soup was phenomenal, and I nearly asked for the recipe. Hubby and I decided on a fish motif for our evening, ordering fish tacos and fish and chips. They were both decent, but left us both wishing we had gone with our other choices (verde and ahi tuna). Our dining partners ordered Grilled Chicken Cilantro and the Big Cottonwood Burger. Both said they were very good, but the chicken didn't have the cilantro flavor hoped for. Portion sizes are large, and prices are consistent with similar restos of this type. Here's what kept rolling through my brain our entire evening at Porcupine: this is a cozier, louder version of Iggy's with better food and beer. Categorically and respectively, the menu is very similar; it's all just more satisfying here.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,8/25/2013,64,99,2,5,2>Just drop everything you are doing and go to Bucket O' Crawfish now.  I'm serious.  Also, take a first date to see if they have what it takes to date you.  Before going here, I never heard of this place and now I am in love.  Bucket O' Crawfish is a seafood restaurant with a twist and a messy ending.  Bucket O' Crawfish has shrimp, mussels, crab legs, and of course crawfish in 1lb bundles that is marinated in a bag of various sauces (e.g., Cajun, garlic butter, etc.) and you eat everything essentially with your hands.  After 4+ visits here I feel I can definitely write on this place.  Usually when ordering I always order about a pound per person.  I always usually order shrimp and depending on how many people we will order crag and mussels.  I tried the mussels, but I was not a fan.  I usually order Cajun style and sometimes mix the garlic butter with the Cajun.  My favorite sauce is the hot Cajun and it does have some kick to it.  Additionally you can add potatoes, corn on the cob, and sausages among other items to the bag of seafood.  The seafood is generally very tasty and the key is to re-dip the seafood in the sauce.   Additionally, the calamari is probably some of the best I have had in Salt Lake City.  This is a place to go with a group that way you can order more.  With 4-6 people, I would probably order 2lbs of shrimp, 1lb of crab, and 1lb of mussels with some potatoes or corn.The drinks are endless, the service is fantastic, and the bathrooms are clean.  There is a parking lot.  You can always order more if you are not full.  I would definitely recommend Bucket O' Crawfish for a first date to weed out the duds.  Be prepared to get messy even though the table is covered in plastic, you wear a bib, and some patrons wear gloves.  I prefer to go without the gloves, but that is just me.  To wash down your sorrows if your date is a dud and can not handle the mess, O' Crawfish serves some beers in bottles. You do not have to necessarily listen to me, but the stars do not lie.  Protip: Check out the pictures to see what you are getting yourself into.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,8/24/2013,29,40,7,3,3>Came in one time and the staff had set a Pandora station based on Warren G, Skee-Lo, and Ice Cube. Caught a 70 year old lady passed out on one of the retro 80s couches mid-Dre Day. Repugnant local artists works line the wall and it can be TERRIBLE hot inside if you need to work on something on the laptop. All that said this is one of my favorite places in SLC. The girls in the morning are the perfect combination of friendly and competent. Excellent seating outside. Coffee and food are well within reason on a cost/quality basis. And something about the plaid furniture just makes me want to watch Neverending Story and be 7 again.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,8/23/2013,121,176,3,4,3>I think this is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Utah. Their salsa is the best I've had outside of Texas, just the right amount of kick, freshness, and chunkiness (but I did not care for the chips at all (too thick)). I would buy the salsa buy the bucket full if I could. We got the seafood enchilada and carne asada burrito (we are bad vegetarians, but who could turn down the chance to try octopus in an enchilada?? I'm only human). The food was TASTY!!!! That's all I can say. Prices were decent, and while they weren't ridiculously cheap, they were comparable with other well-known Mexican restaurants and comparable with the quality/amount of food served. Decor was Mexican-themed, and the place was clean (though the bathrooms could have used some TLC). Our server was very nice but somewhat preoccupied with her cell phone (which was only annoying because I wanted a salsa refill lol). It was fun to watch Spanish soap operas while we waited for our food. We will be back again.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/4/2013,8/22/2013,105,420,,5,3>First the good.It's not a chain. The owners are really nice. They have a huge commitment to customer satisfaction.Grilled cheese is a staple at our place when I'm too lazy to cook much. Often we will do it with ham, tuna salad, or a fried egg cooked medium on it. We use Harmon's crusty french bread, or similar. Tillamook cheddar. I use the nice Amish butter they carry these days. Grilled slow until caramel in color and everything melts. I make sure to have some cheese sticking out so it melts down and gets crusty on the grill. I don't consider that gourmet. It's just dinner with good ingredients. It's not difficult, or complicated. Welsh rarebit, Croque-monsieur and Croque Madame are the proto typical adult grilled cheese sandwiches. They can be gourmet. So, with that long introduction, the review.This is not some fancy gourmet grilled cheese. It's grilled cheese with lots of additional toppings made with good ingredients. They push the price a bit considering actual ingredient costs, but at least they are decent ingredients.The cheesy potato soup was pretty cheesy. However, it would take at least 4 pieces of potato to match the size of one of those tiny pieces of chicken in Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup. I would hope they make it all from scratch, but the taste and cut of the ingredients says no.So, kind of meh to the food, but the owners kick it up a notch. I'd go again if I was in the area and hungry, but not go out of my way to go there.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/21/2013,19,45,,5,1>One of the best places in Utah for Korean food. I came here to eat Bibimbap, which is probably my most favorite Korean dish. It came with lots of the usual sides such as kimchi, kimchi cucumbers, bean sprouts, etc..The place seems to always be busy whenever I go, which isn't surprising! Service is great, and so is the atmosphere.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/20/2013,68,229,3,8,7>LOVED Bongo!  I met a friend here yesterday and while I was waiting for her to arrive, I played a few songs on the jukebox.  Was rewarded for my exquisite taste in music with several drinks from the regulars, all of whom are old enough to be my parents.  The clientele is mostly older and working class, and EVERYONE knows each other.  They were very welcoming and easy to chat with.  The bartender was exceptionally nice.  The drinks were incredibly cheap!  Cash only, so don't forget to stop at an ATM prior to stopping by.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,4/6/2012,180,33,4,6,4>Writing a review for a hole-in-the-wall pizza shop? One that is found in a tiny strip out in Sandy? Yes, and Yes! Don't know what it is about this location, but my favorite Sushi spot (another review) and now my favorite pizza shop are next door neighbors. Enough about the Sushi, now onto the pizza! I stopped in this place one night after I had grabbed some sushi (dangit, another reference) just to see what this place was all about.The owner greeted me with a warm hello and we got talking for nearly 20 minutes about...pizza...but not just any pizza, Tenney's Pizza. Talking about the Brand, and the culture. I instantly fell in love with this place and I hadn't even had a slice. I told him I would be back and that I was bringing some friends with me...it wasn't as dramatic as Wyatt Earp, but I did hear my words echo as I left.I have been back to Tenney's many times, and have enjoyed everything from the basic Pepperoni to the Alfredo Pizza (who knew that would be so awesome...but it is!) to the Morning Glory pizza...yep, Morning Glory, a breakfast pizza, and it is GLORIOUS!  I have loved EVERYTHING I have tried there.Pay attention to these guys as their product is solid, and as you can see by the reviews, they are gaining a LOYAL fan base. (of which I am proud to be one.)5 Stars? Ya, you wanna know why? Every time I go in there, (even if I am not buying anything) I am greeted like this, "Hey Scott, what's up?" Yep, they remember you, and that speaks volumes.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,4/5/2012,106,208,6,9,5>After numerous visits, here's a list of my favorite items on the menu and how I order them: - Appetizer: Thai Lettuce Beef Wraps, with Cream Cheese Wontons coming in a close 2nd, both served with the same delectable sauce, except the wraps have peanuts added.   -  Salad: Larb, with beef, no higher than a level 2, level 1 if you've never had larb before, served with perfect sticky rice. - Soup: Tom Yum, the last word explains it all.  - Curry: Massamun at a Level 2 or 3 depending on the day, with chicken.- Noodle Dish: Pad See Ew, at a Level 2, with beef.  For some reason much tastier at Tea Rose than Chabaar.  Or if I'm with the boyfriend, Pad Thai with chicken, Level 1, and ask for an extra wedge of lime.   - Dessert: Honey-Lavender ice cream, it's perfectly sweet, floral, and helps to calm down any of heat you weren't expecting from the above dishes. Thai Tea ice cream is also a treat, but is very rich and heavy.    - Drink: Thai Iced Tea.  Hands down, they make it perfectly.  While I do enjoy other items on the menu and find myself ordering them occasionally, these are my absolute favorites.  If you come here and happen to choose anything off this list, I guarantee you will not regret it.  *Note:  If you are a heat pansy, order everything at a Level 1. ** Note:  If you think you can handle heat, stick to a Level 2.  *** Note: If you know you can handle heat, be forewarned, the Tea Rose spice scale, I suspect, is logarithmic.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,4/4/2012,158,120,4,6,4>Trying to find this place was a little tricky but once we did I am glad we made the effort!I agree with Jeffrey S. this has a very Speakeasy vibe mixed with sports bar.  I absolutely loved the decor.  We arrived at an earlier time on a Monday so the place was virtually empty.  Our server was friendly, helpful and made the entire experience wonderful.  We started a tour of tots.  We placed an order for the bacon and jalapeno wrapped tots.  (HEAVEN, we ended up placing a second order)  The next thing we decided on was to try Chads balls, yep I typed that right Chads Balls.  Delicious and interesting to order to say the least.  We were considering going with a round of juicy lucy's but let's be honest a tour of tots just sin't complete without totchos and a second round of bacon wrapped tots.  They had a shift change while we were there and second server was as great as the first.  The booths are great and comfy, the bar is spacious and it looked like there were plenty of pool table.  Hands down a great place!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,4/3/2012,73,69,,3,2>Big fan of Trio here.Trio is usually our go to pick when our group can't decide what to eat. There is a little bit of something on the menu for everybody. Your basic pizza, pasta, salad place but done in a manner that fits with their beautiful minimalist decor. I went last week and started with their rosemary garlic flat bread. This appetizer is dynomite, one of my favorite appetizers in the city. The flat bread is served drizzled in olive oil and with a side of piping hot goat cheese. I don't think I've come here without ordering it. The place is also very vegan/veg friendly, I'm able to order carbonara and get my protein fix while my BFF orders the same but made vegetarian. All in all, a great place to please everybody while taking in the cool surroundings and eye candy servers.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,4/2/2012,46,98,1,4,4>How have I not heard of this place?  I really don't understand why I didn't make it here sooner.  The Bohemian Brewery made my night with their delicious food.  My party tried some garlic fries and they were great, so I decided to go all in with the garlic burger that did not disappoint.  My wife had one of the pizzas and I was very impressed, they are pretty big for an individual serving.Drinking a giant beer inside this cabin like setting had me feeling like a real man, if for only an hour.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,4/1/2012,59,170,4,7,5>Props to Jean for her review that lured me all the way to the south end of the valley.Ever bemoan the relative lack of unique places to eat around SLC?  Do you find yourself awash in large national chains slinging low-quality meat on boring, styrofoam-flavored bread?Think of Pop on Over as the anti-Subway.  The awesome starts with the bread.  These popovers are dense, eggy, and brilliant as a platform for sandwiches.  The two sandwiches I had over a two day period were on the asiago, which was very tasty.  They also have a regular, a whole wheat, and will make you a garlic or an onion popover to order.Next comes the meats: they recommended the pulled pork on my first visit, and they were not wrong.  It was tender, flavorful, and drenched in a red sauce that was spicy and delicious.  I noticed that they sell the stuff in jars, so that gives you some indication of popularity.The second day, it was ham and swiss.  The ham was delicious, as was my wife's turkey that I begged a few bites of.  All of their meats are made in house, with some of them like the beef and pork roasting for many, many hours.Sides:  I've tried the tuna salad, which was uncommonly good.  But the real star here are the deviled eggs.  They are creamy and made even better by a piece of shrimp on the top.The atmosphere is excellent.  I can't recall a time that I've been made to feel more at home and treated so well in a cafe.  Everybody there was friendly and went out of their way to talk to me about ingredients and their approach to food.Parting shot?  Chocolate covered bacon. Excellent!If you're struggling to find the place, note that it's not in the strip mall that runs parallel to the main street.  There's actually one that run perpendicular to it, and Pop on Over is at the end of the strip.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/31/2012,160,294,9,9,7>Let's say you're glutes-deep into one of those "I don't know. Whadda YOU wanna eat?" matches with your honey / friends / mom / roommates / psychologist. You know, another one of those nights when you can't seem to decide whether to drive through for death-promoting fast food, get dressed up and spend too much on haute cuisine, call for Chinese take-out aaaaagain, or gamble on wasting your hard-earned coinage to try something new. Sweet Home Chicago Pizzeria is your new savior. Don't panic - it's mine and lots of other people's, too. So, get in line for the goodness, and belly up to some of the most bestest pizza you'll ever masticate.Thanks to work ordering it in, I had tried their stuffed pizza on a few previous occasions and quite liked it. But because I didn't get to vote for which kinds were ordered, it turned out to be somewhat forgettable for me. (I'm picky about my pizza that way.) Then, on a recent life-changing evening, we had the fortune to attend a Yelp event there, and I tried their thin crust. I fell in love the instant it danced its captivating Tarantella across my tongue. I'm saying that angels sang, people. Chewy, garlicky angels.In short, we've gone back since then. Obviously. I couldn't not go back - SHCP is magnificent! Today, I got a Tuesday BOGO offer from them, and knew that dinner was done, and done. We arrived an opportune moment before their typical in-the-know Tuesday crowd, and ordered up a Chicago Transit Authority (house-made Italian sausage, hot Giardiniera peppers, fresh tomato - one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten repeatedly!) and The Tourist (ham, onion, pineapple, fresh tomato - SO good!), both on thin crust. They really know how to make perfect thin crust at SWCP. It isn't doughy nor saltine-cracker like. It's flavorful and crispy on the outside, and magically chewy on the inside. Exactly like thin crust should be.We also enjoyed a couple of draft Guinness'. Guinnesses. Guinnessi? Besides a bar, where else in the land can you find Guiness on tap?! And Red Stripe, albeit bottled. Their beers are very reasonably priced, too. Drafts are $2, $3, and $4, with Guiness at the high end. I'm hoping to reach a pizza limit at some point, because I'd really love to try their Chicago Dog, their Calabrian Pasta, and their Italian Beef Sandwich. I don't know if I can resist the pizza. It could get ugly. Please check back for future reports.The service at this location has been five-star, double-rainbow-all-the-way every time we've been there. They're so friendly, and even at their busiest they treat us like VIPs and tend to our every need. The servers and managers are very good at what they do, and understand the concept of customer service.I've found a Sweet Home which serves all of my pizza needs. I made a habit of taking friends who've made it their Sweet Home, too. There is truly love at Home, kids. Lots of love, and cheese, and beer, and...and...and...
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,3/30/2012,47,191,2,6,5>The pie, oh, the pie! I brought back a few slices for me and some coworkers after lunch. The banana cream, the key lime and the coconut creme are delicious and just as delicious as any homemade pie I've ever had. I had a BLT for lunch with some sweet potato fries. Even with a packed house, my dish came out in a timely manner. The sandwich was perfect, everything you'd want and expect in a BLT and the fries were delicious as were the onion rings I shared with my lunch mates.  I can't wait to get back to try more.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,3/29/2012,118,169,5,8,4>I'm just gonna go for 5 stars on this one, but you have to understand, I love vegetables. Steam 'em, roast 'em, grill 'em, bake 'em, or just give 'em to me raw, I love 'em.  So, when we headed out to eat specifically looking for vegies, I was excited. Adding the second 'f' to Caffe is a good choice, because it's definitely a step above what I would normally think of as a cafe. A bit fancier atmosphere.Looking at the reviews, I was a little nervous about price and portion size, and I'll agree, don't go looking to stuff your face and roll home with your belt loosened a few notches.  But knowing my objective before going, I was actually pleasantly surprised by how much food we got for the price we paid.There were three of us and we stuck to the left side of the menu, filled with smaller  plates to share. We ordered 5 different things and stayed around $10/person.I won't go into details on the food, you can check Jeffrey S. or Crystal H's reviews for more on that, but I will say, WOW. My favorite was the roasted artichoke. It was cooked perfectly, slightly drizzled with oil, and then the dipping sauce was out of this world. Amazing. The rest of the food also wowed and dazzled me. Our server was great. Everything was plated beautifully and came out quickly (granted it was a Wed night).  I know they have a lot of other pretty and more meaty things on the menu, but when I go back....I'm sticking to the veggies.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,3/28/2012,186,563,1,7,5>K Rico was like blow-my-mind amazing. Wow. I had the Lomo Saltado which is a good yardstick with which to measure up a Peruvian restaurant. It was solid. Very flavorful with tons of the requisite garlic, tender meat, tasty fries and rice. I loved it and scarfed it down. If my food was amazing, then my boyfriend's dish is off the charts with no classification. He had the Tacu Tacu which was a giant platter with a bean and rice pastey mixture as the base, topped with a huge tender carne asada-like steak, a fried egg and two sweet fried plantains on the sides. Go there now and get that.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/8/2014,59,170,1,6,5>Dan has helped us with two separate plumbing problems.  He could not have been any more friendly, professional, and on both occasions suggested less expensive alternatives for our problem, as well as giving us advice about which option he'd take were he the homeowner.In short, these guys are absolutely phenomenal.  Our plumbing business will go nowhere else.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/7/2014,159,264,6,8,5>well, here we go again.  Two more cars and another 4 star review.  This time I sing high praises for Shawn Borba.  Salesman extraordinaire and his assistance in purchasing both a 2013 highlander last July and now a 2013 Rav4 in January.  We had initially visited in August with the intention of buying my wife a new car to replace the now 7 year old Prius.  She was looking four wheel drive and the Highlanders were being offered with 0% interest.  Sean approached us and his relaxed demeanor and friendly manner sat well with us.  He was there with information and no pressure, just the way we like it.  Long story short, we bought just the car we wanted, got a good deal and walked away happy.  Move forward  7 months and I see 0% interest is available for the 2013 Rav4's so I called Shawn to see what was available on the lot and scheduled a time to come in and meet with him.  He has been promoted a few times now and his friendly demeanor is still there.  We were totally comfortable with him and his level of patience with us as I was noncommittal about even buying a car, but also fairly serious.  Again, he was wonderful during negotiations and we left with a great deal on a Rav4 and great feelings about Shawn and everyone else at Mark Miller.  Great work again and now we are up to 5 cars purchased here now.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/6/2014,40,327,3,7,4>I don't usually go five stars after only one visit, but based on my first outing to this place I can't help myself. The food is awesome. Specifically, the Street Cart Doner kebab and Fried Pita Strips; those two items are downright great. The ingredients in the kebab are fresh, the sauce is really tasty, and on the whole it has a wonderful flavor. And the pita strips? Incredible - like a salty donut or something. My buddy had the Doquitos and Crispy Garbanzo w/ Fried Olives and I was lucky enough to try both items. And while I enjoyed each (the Doquitos were much more moist than I was anticipating and the Crispy Garbanzo, while nice, might be better served with a dipping sauce), I enjoyed my meal more. Yeah, the space is nice. Yeah, the music is really good. Yeah, they've got a full bar for those inclined to want a cocktail. But the Street Cart kebab and fried pita strips are what will keep me coming back.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,5/5/2014,48,176,8,8,5>Okay. I'm sold. This place has "win win" written all over it and brings movie / food fusion to excellent levels.What was cool:Ticket prices.  6 bucks. Yup, six bucks for adults for first run movies. ISeating. Your in a recliner. Watching a movie in a theater. How cool is that?Food. Affordable, tasty, and plentiful. We tried the pizzas and some appetizers and were rewarded with awesomeness.  They have wait staff that comes right to your lazy ass so you don't ever have to get up from the recliner.Beverage. I like that I didn't have to sneak a beer in the wife's purse. Almost feels sinful that you can eat and drink real food in a theater without hiding it under your coat.What was less than cool:Popcorn. I like mine buttered but I am pretty sure the popcorn was strained through the stuff. I lubed my truck with it later.  Small issue and probable a one-off.People.  People tend to talk a lot inside the movie here. Where it isn't a traditional movie house I think people forget that some people actually are watching the movie. I had to break out my "stern father look" and it took care of the issue. You'll like this place. The screens aren't "mega" but you are watching a movie in comfort, affordably, and with good food and beer. The pro's definitely outweigh anything you could consider a "con."
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,5/4/2014,69,142,1,6,5>I'm loving this place! While I think it's sad that Plum Alley didn't last, I couldn't be happier with it's replacement. I think Copper Common might have some identity crisis, because it can't decide if it wants to be a bar, a lounge, a gastro pub, or a restaurant.  But that's the beauty - you can make it be any of the above! I've been here just for drinks, for drinks and something to nibble on, and also for a full on dinner. It can definitely get crowded but luckily I've never had to wait for a table or at least a seat a the bar. I'm sure I've tried just about every drink on their cocktail menu and have never been disappointed. The bartenders are also super friendly and social, and they've always been spot on with giving me recommendations for both libations and food. My favorites so far are definitely the wings and tuna tartar! I'm dying to try the lobster pasta, so that's what I'll be having next time for sure.Prices are similar to Copper Onion. This definitely isn't a dive bar that you come for cheap drinks. But hey, you get what you pay for, and I think this place is worth every penny. Great addition to downtown SLC! And don't forget about half off oysters every day from 4-6!! You can even watch them being shucked right behind the bar.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,5/3/2014,51,331,6,10,6>This place is cool. Great design, unlike anything else in SLC. Very European feel to it. The breads here are awesome. They are all sourdough based, but for those people who aren't sourdough fans, they have many different types of loaves that are so mild you couldn't tell they're sourdough unless someone told you. Try the mountain loaf (I think that's what it's called). Pastries are pricey, but are rich and delicious. The croques, pizza, and salads are all very good.The layout of the bakery can be odd for first-timers. Do you order at the pastry counter, walk over to the cash register, or just go sit down? The answer, confusingly, is all of the above. You can pretty much do what you want and they'll get you taken care of. But I've seen some late comers get helped before others waiting patiently in a line, which causes some consternation. I think they're trying to address this with more signage and tensa barriers, so we'll see how it goes.We've experienced both very crappy, and fantastic service here. I'm not sure what the deal is, but one time we got excoriated by the wait staff for putting our dishes in the wrong place when we were through eating (the horror!). But I would say 8 out of 10 times service is friendly and warm. It seems like there's one guy on the wait staff, and we usually try to get him as he is the best and treats us right. But go to Eva's Bakery and show them some love. SLC desperately needs more unique shops like this one.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,5/2/2014,134,150,4,7,8>I love Finns.  I tingle at the sight of Mrs. Finn in her traditional Scandinavian white dress, because I know soon  I'm going to be noshing on poached red trout and scrambled eggs for breakfast!  The raspberry jam is glistening on my homemade sourdough toast, the sunlight is streaming through crystal clear oval shaped picture windows and I am already planning my next visit back.   The wienerschnitzel is hand pounded tender thin, decorated in capers and gravy, and it's yummy yummy yummy.  If you try the shrimp and havarti omelet you won't be disappointed.  The gazpacho is just as it should be, chunky and punchy.   Heavenly hash browns are made from fresh snow white potatoes and are so refreshingly tasting of potato, not  salt and grease.  I forget how much I love this place!!  Mr. Finn is always on hand ensuring everyone is having a great experience.  Excellent coffee, and the whole staff is dressed in white, like the angels they are.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/1/2014,54,206,4,11,4>Brought here by a couple of friends, I had a tasty meal at Korea House.The best part was the sides/veggies brought out as appetizers.  Lots of pickled goodness.  The other noodle and rice dishes we shared were also delicious.The atmosphere leaves lots to be desired, as it seems like a converted call center meets check cashing place.  But if you can brave the starkness of the decor, you can enjoy the richness of some delicious Korean food.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,4/30/2014,63,274,1,12,5>I'm reviewing the Copper Bowl based on only having had the lunch buffet, however I suspect they will not disappoint with dinner either based on other people's reviews, this is definitely a great new place to try and a welcome addition to all the Indian food places we are lucky to have in the Salt Lake Valley these days and definitely a good addition to the down town scene.I do like the atmosphere of this place.  It's a different feel for Indian food in our area and definitely gives it a unique quality.  The buffet setup definitely has a certain style and swankiness that borders on overwhelming in its grandeur.  This of course though would be for naught  if it didn't deliver food wise.  I'm glad to report it does.They have an interesting mix here in the buffet, traditional items you'll find other places, several you won't and for me a few oddly absent things too.  But I love the unique approach to the Indian buffet style, this truly sets the Copper Bowl apart and makes it somewhere worth coming to.  For me I wish they had some more spicy or stronger flavored things in the buffet, but I understand they have to cater to all and I do tend to be the king of foods hot so I'll not knock them for that.  Everything I tried was tasty, and I'm certainly eager to try this for dinner where I can order a dish to my own taste in spiciness.Service was fine though it seemed a little distant and standoffish, I'm not quite sure how to explain it beyond that.  There was nothing bad.  I think maybe on this day we were a little rambunctious of a crowd for them for a lunch time even despite the fact it was pretty noisy overall.  I give the servers the benefit of the doubt here and suspect a dinner evening here would be a whole different experience, and one I will look forward to.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,4/28/2014,97,45,,7,4>Why I went: Another day another pizza, this time I ventured to Orem with my girlfriend to try Pizzeria 712. This place was a little hard to find because it is in a suite of a much larger building. So if you are going to go just as a heads up there is a small sign directing you but just know you have to turn in when you see the huge building.What I ordered: First off the crust was great. The staff really know how to operate that enormous wood fired oven because the pizza had a nice char but was NOT overdone. Complimentary Hummus and Pita: Cooked in the huge wood fired oven so it was warm with a nice crust on the outside and still soft and tender on the inside. The hummus was nothing special. Overall it was a nice start to the meal because we were both starving when we got there. Spinach, fontina, speck, garlic, shaved grana padano with an egg added: The saltiness and crunch of the speck reminded me of bacon and when paired with texture of the soft egg yolk, it reminded me of breakfast. This pizza was very unique and it was my favorite of the two pizzas we ordered.  Speck, soppressata, garlic, tomato sauce, mozzarella: I was on the fence about ordering this pizza or the so I left it up to the waiter's recommendation. I think next time I will probably try something else because this pizza was nothing special flavor wise. Cut to the Chase: Solid wood fired pizza with unique flavor combinations. It is far, but a nice change of pace from always going to SLC. When I return I will try the other menu options I was on the fence about such as the housemade sausage, caramelized onion, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, mozzarella and the hand pulled mozzarella grana padano chive and sundried tomato romesco.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2014,11/27/2014,160,294,5,4,6>Nothing new to say here that I haven't already raved about in my reviews for the other locations - overall, it's the best sushi experience for the price in this state. They consistently forge delicious raw creations on the fly - always try the specials! They offer a huge menu of cooked food, for those not into raw. We had several non-sushi-lovers in our group on Saturday night, and they all enjoyed the various cooked selections they chose. Raw eaters, listen up - the best regulars for us are (in order of affection): Sunshine, Cococabana, Executive Suite, Jenny, TNT, Montauk, Summer, and the list goes on...you really can't go wrong here no matter what you order.Their brand of habanero sauce comes with a few rolls, but you can ask for it on the side for dipping - it's transcendant. Buy a bottle to go, too, if you like it - I put that *^!% on everything!Service here, like the other locations, is always phenomenal. We had the pleasure of being served by Cambrey this last visit, and realized we knew her from the South Jordan location. She is truly one of the best servers you can have anywhere. She gets it. Thank you Cambrey, for handling our large and demanding group with efficiency and style! They offer valet parking at this location, and I suggest you use it. Unless you like a walk before and after a meal. If you do, the large parking structure just to the southeast typically has space. There really is no in-between here, though. The rest of the parking arrangement around the various storefronts up here is a huge pain in the ass, and I'm convinced is only accessible if you arrive prior to 5:30 a.m. I avoid it.Regardless of location, we will always be big fans of Tsunami. After all, a day without a Sunshine Roll is like a day without orange juice...or lollipops...or rainbows...
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/26/2014,221,489,3,8,6>I am an enjoyer of fine whiskeys and vodkas, so I've consumed a fair amount of High West's products in my life. About four years ago I did the distillery tour with some friends and had a blast. Ever since that point my husband and I kept saying that one day we'd make it up to the restaurant for dinner. Yes, it took us four years to finally try the place, but it was worth it. We made a little vacation of it, rented a nearby hotel room and everything, and walked over to High West just before 7pm on a Saturday. There was, of course, a wait (they don't take reservations), so we took the opportunity to hang out at the bar. (You now see why we got a hotel room.) I tried the shandy, which was great once I got past the foam. My husband had a tasty drink that had beet syrup in it, oddly enough, and also sampled some whiskey (that's what you do). Then it was time for dinner (a bit sooner than their estimated wait time, always a plus). We decided to switch to wine at this point (a night consisting only of whiskey is one you might not remember), a delightful vermentino) and planned to order appetizers, but then a big basket of delicious bread arrived: a bit of baguette and some wonderful cheddar biscuits. So to the main courses we went: I ordered the schnitzel and my husband got the burger (because he can't ever resist). It was all fantastic, perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned.  We ended with a bit of the Midsummer's Night Dram, because we are at a place that makes whiskey, after all. Service was fantastic. The prices were on the high side, but fair for what you get. It was well worth the wait, and I hope my next visit is fewer than four years away.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/25/2014,69,155,3,6,5>Best biscuits and gravy I've ever tried, anywhere. The mile high biscuits have ruined me for all others. Don't forget to add sausage to the gravy for some extra flavor. Breakfast is the best here. Lunch/dinner menu is pretty good but breakfast menu is king. They serve it until 5pm I believe so get there before 5. Pulled pork bennedict is pretty good. French toast is excellent. Mile high biscuits are legendary. Park Cafe, Blue Plate Diner can't hold a candle to Ruth's Diner if you are looking for biscuits and gravy, chicken fried steak, or omelets.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/24/2014,11,9,5,4,5>Plenty on lanes, awesome specials everyday, and 90's pop on the radio... What more could you want!Seriously $7.00 for three games, shoes included. That is the Sunday special. It's not fancy and the interior is a bit outdated but who cares! I am planning on making this a regular night out!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,11/23/2014,105,55,5,7,6>Once was enough to convert me. I LOVE Saturday's Waffle. One: they use liege waffles which are just plain superior to the average waffle. They are less dry and more flavorful. I hate dry waffles. Two: they have amazing combinations. And three: the cooks wear dress shirts and bow ties. It just makes me happy.We went on a rainy Saturday morning so the line was not bad. There was still a wait but as the saying goes good things come... We ordered the croque madame, chicken and waffles, and the maple bacon. For $3 more we got croque madame and the maple bacon doubled. I loved every bite of ever one I had. The croque madame had a creamy béchamel sauce, ham, swiss cheese and a perfectly poached egg. Please bring this back it was heavenly. The lemon sour cream was different but not bad. The chicken and waffles was excellent. I would have preferred the sausage gravy but JeremyF wanted the maple syrup. I was not a fan of the jalapeno syrup, the flavors just didn't blend well for me. JeremyF loved it. The chicken was not super crispy but nicely cooked, not dry. And I thought the portion of chicken was generous. The maple bacon which has a maple glaze, bacon crumbles, and maple whip cream. Happy sigh. Yes by the time we got to it the whipped cream had melted but it was still divine. I love a properly cooked liege waffle because they're moist and dense. But these managed to not be heavy. For the amount of waffles people were ordering and the tiny space they had to work with they really pushed those waffles out fast. The food was hot and fresh. There were multiple drink options to round everything out. The price is a little high but I think the food is quality and it's worth it. My only complaint is that they're only open Saturdays. I need waffles everyday!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,11/22/2014,18,103,6,4,4>My girlfriend and I went to Bodega tonight and very much enjoyed the atmosphere.  The underground restaurant played a variety of music (including 80's saxophone music)  throughout our 2 hour plus long dinner.  After a couple of cocktails, we tried the fried scallops but neither of us would rate it very high.  We ordered the beer can chicken for two as an entree and while it was better than the rotisserie chicken you might get at your local grocery store, it wasn't a game changer.  Asparagus and potatoes are served with the chicken and while both were tasty, neither blew our minds.  The real charm about Bodega is the unisex restrooms, variety in clientele, and friendly staff who invited us downstairs by asking "if we were ready?" We assume "ready" to experience the orgasm in your mouth food they claim to offer.  And while neither of us climaxed tonight...I'm sure we will both during our next adventure.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,11/21/2014,331,186,10,7,7>Great location right across from Emigration market and the Sea Salt great place at night. Have a nice parking lot in a great neighborhood. It received the Best of Gayot award for 2014 for kid-friendly and Outdoor Dining which was great. Simple homecooking wIth a nice feel to it like you've come back to see an old friend. I like the service and how warm they are.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/20/2014,109,387,4,4,5>WHoa!So good! Their fries are amazing! You need to try the Street Cart Fries!! AHH!!! AHHH!! AHHHH!!!! So good!I had the Street Cart Doner and it was delish! The meat had great flavor and consistency, and the veggies tasted great!We sat on the patio (Middle-end of May) and the weather was perfect, and their lights were super cool, and it felt awesome and almost dreamy. Great spot.I'm glad this place exists. Really. :)
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,11/19/2014,245,216,5,6,6>There once was a girl who was terrified of bugs. If something with wings buzzed by her face, she'd flinch. If she felt something slimy and slithery by her feet, she'd jump. Something with eight legs within 10 feet? Noooope. But one day, this girl discovered gardening. In order to build and maintain a garden, you have to dig in the dirt (where creepy crawlies live) and possibly touch spiderwebs when pruning tomato plants. She had to make a decision. Be terrified or grow beautiful plants? She chose plants and built a beautiful giant garden and never looked back. Does she still yelp when she sees a spider? Yep. But then she continues watering and pruning away.Obviously that girl is me. And where do I go when I need something new for the garden? Millcreek Gardens of course! I love the variety of plants they have. There you can find veggies, flowers, herbs, trees, etc. etc. etc. There's something for everyone. For specialty items, I tend to go to plant sales or a specialty grower but for pretty much everything else? This is the spot.The staff knows a lot so don't be afraid to ask them questions. If they don't know the answer, they'll find someone else who does.I love visiting Millcreek Gardens to just walk around and browse. There are so many incredible plants and beautiful blooms right now. Go, go right now.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,11/18/2014,61,188,3,6,6>Place is still awesome.  Service is still spot on.  Great flavors in every item. Food tastes very fresh and was hot.The panchan side plates were excellent they had more than I had taken a picture of and they were already refilled before going empty.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,2/23/2011,78,130,,6,6>What caught my attention about don merinos was hearing that they offered not only pizza but pupusas, two of my favorite foods. The two times I've stopped by I've only tried the pizza, which definitely worth having. The pizzas offered are very unique and taste great. The prices are also very inexpensive especially the lunch special. Next time I stop by I will have to try the pupusas.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,2/22/2011,8,102,2,4,4>Went to Adobo's tonight because I heard about it from 2 random people in 2 days...sign from the universe I should go. Thrilled to see locally owned business in an area that has SO much potential to be a great spot for good restaurants and cool shops. I'm giving it 4 stars because the food was mostly good- our favorite was the ropa vieja in the monfongo. That was our favorite entree...the garlic pressed bread was amazing- real butter for sure and we got the empanada type appetizer- amazing- ground beef in a flaky crust with just enough juice- and the occasional raisin, plump and sweet. The desserts were great too= the house special and coconut flan... freshly made and great. The best part- there were 6 of us and the bill was just under $90. And that's with 6 entrees, 4 appetizers and two desserts. If they can get a beer and wine license, that will top it.My only complaint is that the waitress wasn't proactive in telling us about menu items- but I'll cut her some slack. It's a family owned business and our waitress was probably barely in high school- she'll get better. She was also in the weeds as it was really crowded. I recommend checking it out- and make sure you have room for desserts and appetizers- in fact that's probably what I'll order next time with the redbeans and rice.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,2/21/2011,7,19,,9,5>After my wallet could no longer afford City Pet Club, a few friends recommended the budget-friendly Camp Barkalot, not only for their $200.00 20-day pass (no expiration date might I add), but because they felt that their four legged children were receiving the best care around.  I could tell when I picked Jazzy up after her first day at 'school' that she had a great time.  As soon as we got home, she curled up on the couch to take a nap.  What parent of a very active dog doesn't love that? Jazzy is a familiar face around this place, and there is no shortage of pets, kisses, and treats! I often board her for a couple nights too, when I go out of town.  An added bonus for boarding is their $10.00 grooming fee. It's a steal.  I gave Camp Barkalot 4 stars only because they don't have a webcam.  It would be great if they could install one, one of these days. Thanks Chris and Dave for taking such good care of Jazzy! It really is her home away from home.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,2/20/2011,78,74,8,9,6>Only 5 reviews for Cucina? What's wrong with you people? I bet none of you were very good about sharing your toys as kids either. Come on now, this place is amazing. If you've eaten here and yelp, but haven't put up a review, shame on you, you dirty, selfish pig. Trying to keep this Avenues hot-spot a secret is certain to bring condemnation upon you all. It's close to down town, but far enough away to feel like your getting away from the office or the house. The Avenues streets are quaint and nice and there is seating outside which rocks. Food selection is fab. The food is fresh and amazing. So much selection. So much variety and such high quality for such a low price. You can eat well for less than $10 easily. It's hard to say now to the sides though, they look so good. Their sugar cookie was a shocker. Frosted sugar cookies are usually gross from places like this, but there's were super great. Go eat here. You can't, not like it. I promise. I'll buy your a 32oz soda at Maverick on 500 East 300 S if you end up disagreeing with me. This place manages to be both good and a good value and for that they get 5 stars.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,2/19/2011,47,191,3,4,4>Lets get your expectations in order. This is not a high class establishment. They aren't expecting you in your finest garb, your waitress calls you "hon" and you often seat yourself. This is the place you'll roll into at noon and be grateful for coffee and breakfast. This is the place to giggle as you people watch the other patrons. The special breakfast burrito is huge, but delicious. Plan on boxing at least a third of it. Regular breakfast fare is pretty good as well, albeit a little greasy. Pancakes leave a little something to be desired. They're plate size and too cakey for my taste. As for non-breakfast lovers, the club sandwich is decent and the onion rings aren't bad. Don't expect gourmet and you'll be fine. Sometimes you just want that basic, comfort breakfast and it can be found here.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,2/18/2011,16,29,3,4,3>A couple friends and I hit up this place with the rugrat on a Friday evening.  It wasn't super busy which I like because I'm not really a huge fan o people in general.  The waiter was very nice and helpful.  I got the Paneer Tikka Masala and it was amazing!  It was the yummiest tomato cram sauce I think I've ever had.  It was quite a bit sweeter than I expected but it was really good.  The cheese was also yummy.Like another reviewer, I got it Thali style so it came with the cucumber based sauce (raita), naan, lentil soup, rice pudding and a vegetable curry mix.  The rice pudding was delicious as well, and the naan was slightly buttered.Even her grand royal pickiness, the rugrat, tried some of the different items, but really only enjoyed the naan dipped in a little of my sauce.  She just ate vanilla ice cream and a fruit salad.  The fruit salad was not was I expected at all.  It was mainly chopped up apples and grapes, but it was in a creamy sauce.  The sauce was somewhat reminiscent of egg nog, but I don't know what was in it.  It was really good and I'm glad she didn't eat a lot of it because then I got to.I will have to return and try out the buffet and go for dinner again.  I think it's the best Indian that I've had in SLC.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,2/17/2011,21,124,4,7,4>Had we not been told that this place existed, I doubt we'd ever have eaten here.  Down the end of 12th St is not a place we usually drive by looking for great restaurants!Very nice owners, quick and pleasant service and very tasty food.  The portions are big, so if you eat like a bird (like me) you'll have plenty for lunch the next day.  The Mango Sticky Rice was something I'd never tried before and was excruciatingly yummy.  I probably would have asked for more had we not been running out the door to pick hubby up from class.The menu is very extensive and affordable, and now we know it's there, we'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/16/2011,17,12,2,7,5>I love this place as an alternative to going out for dinner. It's nice to be treated without the price tag. I snagged a ginger cookie and the hubs changed his order at the last minute and had the vanilla cake. The cookie was soft with a delicious icing drizzle. I'm a sucker for anything with ginger and cinnamon and this cookie hit the spot. The cake... wow! It was so moist and the frosting was heavenly. I typically dislike frosting but this was delicious. I wish I would have written this review sooner after enjoying it so I could give it the review it deserves. Just believe me it's worth every penny. I never knew I could love a cake that wasn't chocolate this much. A slice is definitely big enough to share and would prevent a sugar buzz the rest of the night. We ordered a scoop of ice cream and a glass of milk and both were delightful additions. I balked a bit at $2 for a glass of milk but what can I say I'm a bit of a tightwad. Lovely place to come with a girl friend and catch up or a group of friends and enjoy. The atmosphere lends itself to settling in for the evening, it's a wonderful place to hang out. I think this place is great but feel like it's not living up to it's potential. On a Friday night the cases weren't full and and they were out of a few things. Several other people came in while we were there and it seemed like they had more demand than supply. I get the small kitchen and that they're still starting out so I give them 4 stars. I'd like to see a bigger selection and specials. The setting is perfect the deserts are delectable it just seems like they are a bit unsure of themselves. I hope they can work out the kinks because I loved this place.Now if I could only find a place to take my gluten-free bestie...
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,2/15/2011,23,82,,10,6>I have been driving by Nuch's for the past few months and never stopped in. On a whim, I went with my father to Nuch's for lunch - I was pleasantly surprised by the food. I ordered a large salad and bubble bread - my father ordered a sausage pizza. Both were excellent - service was attentive, and the prices were fair. Nuch's makes all of their own salad dressing... I requested the blue cheese, I also noted ranch and a vinegarette on the menu. The salad was fresh, crisp, and tasty. I loved the arrangement of fresh roma tomatoes and soft mozzarella cheese. Take a look at the attached picture... it really does the salad justice.I noted several customers had ordered the calazone - they looks delicious - especially covered with a signature red sauce.Nuch's is a pleasant surprise located really close to my home.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,2/14/2011,210,116,3,7,4>This place for me, is a 5 star. I've been making Dancing Crane trips for about 7 years now. They have always had somewhere to grab a tea or coffee but ever since they renovated and put in Cafe Solstice I've been hooked. The service is always great and they make delicious beverages. They have vegan, vegetarian options that are organic and locally grow. Amazing! Right up my alley. My favorite import store is making local business and vegan dreams come true.Their matcha tea is a favorite of mine. I usually order their vegan tomato soup with the olive and hummus sandwhich. Delish! Their Yukon golden potato soup is a good one too. They will make a grilled cheese even though its not on the menu too!Grab some eats and browse around the coolest import store in SLC. When you purchase something at Cafe Solstice, Dancing Crane gives you a discount on your import purchase. :)
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,2/4/2014,48,176,2,7,5>Turn Back. The Hands. Of Time.Yes, this is your parents' bowling alley.  Dated decor, dated seating, dated diner counter..... and we LOVED EVERY SECOND OF IT.This is what a bowling alley should be. You don't need strobe lights and neon / fluorescent colors all over the place. You need dated VCT tile and a disco ball.  This place has it.We at lunch here and I had a remarkably good bacon cheeseburger. The minion inhaled the chicken fingers and fries so they were tasty as well. Crushed ice was a bonus in the drinks and the lady at the counter was as sweet as can be.They don't appear to have a huge selection of bowling balls but the place isn't big enough of busy enough to require a monster selection. They only have one kid ramp which was a pain but we made it through. The shoe selection was good with velcro closures and they have shoes to fit the littlest of feet.We liked Davis Lanes.  Good place to get your Kingpin on.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,2/3/2014,1481,94,10,13,11>Entrance of the theater looks like a charming 1970s ski lodge with its large wood columns and beams.  The rest of the building matches the bland commercialism of the strip mall that it is part of.     Mall-style parking lot directly in front of the theater was almost full but still plenty of open spaces around since the lot stretches out to overlap in front of nearby restaurants and shops along the strip mall.  Noticed a few mirage parking spaces.  These spots appear to be open yet just as the vehicle pulls in (and the warm tingle of exuberant satisfaction from securing serendipitous rockstar parking begins to grow) a 30 minute limit sign chaperone tears the two of you away from your anticipated sweet embrace. Wasted spaces unless you are going to see a short film (think sundance) or to walk out in protest (e.g., when 'World War Z' is discovered to share nothing with the book except the title).        Lobby is clean, warm, and inviting. Friendly adolescent/collegiate employees wearing plastic name badges with titles like "Team Leader" sold tickets and concessions with a relaxed professional demeanor.   No line at the concession stand even though it was prime time Saturday night.  The junior mints were not melted together and the 4 dollar small diet coke was quite large and perfectly carbonated.  But not so large that it would show up on Mayor Guiliani's radar.   High quality individual wrapped clear straws. Napkins are brown like Starbucks minus the logo. Concession and ticket payment options do not include Amex or bit coins.    Had some time before the show to play Area 51 in the little arcade room on the left side of the front lobby. The concession will make change for you since the game only takes quarters. 2 quarters for 1 credit.  Game is set at medium difficulty.Sitting at four rows up from the level of walking in (to auditorium 4) and the sound & picture quality was solidly fantastic.  The digital picture quality had amazing resolution and crystal clear clarity. Even better was the fact that the sound was rich surround sound that completely enveloped you while  not blaringly loud like most of the other theaters that play first run hollywood films.  The screen itself could have been a little bigger.  'Merica! Polite crowd (teenager swarms to date nights) for an mostly filled theater showing an recently released  blockbuster.  No texting tweeners or crying children (but some sleeping ones) in the theater. Stadium style seats that are very comfortable.  At last moment possible a 6 foot person sat in front of me which is usually a karmic bummer but in this case made no difference at all because of the stadium style seating  Discovered during the trailers that the armrests go up. So thats how babies are made.      Holiday Village 4 Cinemas is a holiday!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,2/2/2014,68,229,4,7,5>At first glance, Duffy's is pretty nondescript.  Non many people were around when we stopped by at 8:00 on a Saturday night on our search for the Holy Grail of grilled cheeses.  After eating a single meal there, this is my message to the general public:  GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER, PEOPLE.  If you like beer, wings, and sandwiches, Duffy's is your Mecca!Maybe it was the heat, but my first swig of Shock Top was life-altering.  So cold and satisfying that I felt it in my toes!  After making our selections, we drank in silence while taking in the decor.  Duffy's is an ADHD fantasy.  There are about 3000 trinkets and signs covering every available surface.  I was mesmorized.The food was first rate.  The Ultimate Grilled Cheese (UGC) is ENORMOUS and features three cheeses, bacon, and avocado.  The wings don't come with buffalo sauce but are baked with what seem like spicy bread crumbs, making them unique and delicious.  I ordered cottage cheese as a side, but my friend reported that her potato salad was excellent.  Go there right now!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,2/1/2014,165,167,5,7,5>The Pub has been a beloved gathering spot in my world my entire adult life, from birthday dinners to heart wrenching girl talk, to silly happy girl talk, to awkward lunch pseudo-dates with boys.  Am I emotionally biased in my review because of the number of memories associated  with it? I guess it's possible, but it is always and forever one of my favorite places to eat in Salt Lake City. I just love it.  It's probably such a gathering spot because it's perfectly perfect.  In addition to a cozy friendly environment, the food at The Pub is consistent and delicious.  I've never had anything bad here, but like a lot of places around town, I have my go-to favorites and almost always order either the Chicken Enchiladas or the French Onion Soup with half a veggie or turkey sandwich.  I've yet to find a french onion soup that I like more than the one here, and am about ready to just give in and say it's the best.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/31/2014,53,148,1,7,4>Wow. This food truck has it all: great food, great service and fair prices! This is my second time ordering their Combo for lunch and it is AMAZING. All their dishes come comes with jap chae, which are sweet potato noodles, cabbage, carrots and spinach, rice and your choice of meat (beef, pork or chicken). All in a very large, deep bowl. Vegetarians, don't worry though, they also have a vegetarian option, called the Noodle Bop, equally delicious I'm sure.These guys don't just come to sell food though, they also offer outstanding service with a great attitude and are so friendly. Their energy is contagious and it makes me want to yell out my order too: the Combo, please (I shyly order), Combo! (the guy that takes the order yells to the cook), COMBO...O...O...O!!! (yells the cook, as it echoes out of the truck) I feel jittery, and full of excitement to get my order. Food takes about 2 minutes to be ready, if not less. But my favorite part of the meal (besides the pork, that is) are the sauces. Man, the sauces. There are about 8 different kinds, and they all range from 1 to 10 spicy levels. I wish I'd know the names of all the sauces, but I can tell you that delicious orange-y sauce they have is to die for. I see it a lot in other places when I order sushi... is it spicy mayo? I got a 5 last time and I knew I could have gone spicier, so my second time I ordered a 7.5 (yes they do .5's aka bend over backwards for picky eaters like me) and it was spot on.  Prices are all under $10, really the most expensive is the Combo at $8.50 and the others I believe are at the $7 range.Anytime they come to my work I have to ditch my home made lunch and eat with these guys. If you like their FB page you will be able to "track the truck" and find out where are they located and chase after them. Also as a hint, they said that they do (monthly?) drawings from all the likes they get on their FB page and pick one lucky winner, who gets a full catering at the winner's home for up to 25 people. FOR FREE. I mean, how awesome is that? Next time you're around Salt Lake City and see a bright yellow trick, don't hesitate - pull over, get your combo and meet your new favorite meal... I cannot wait until they come back!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,1/30/2014,105,420,2,9,3>On the one hand, this is a restaurant primarily designed for "Women who lunch" and Moms bringing their kids after forcing them to go to the gardens. On the other hand, it's a great place for a lighter lunch. It's also the only place for miles where you can go to a nice sit down place near Thanksgiving Point.I mostly come here for business lunches, but I'd be willing to come back with my wife. It really is nice, and I can live without a liquor license during lunch.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,1/29/2014,605,129,15,17,16>I came here for the festival this past weekend, and I loved it!  Everyone's very nice there...I'm a huge fan.  I really enjoyed the huge selection of food they have also!  Personally, I've really enjoyed their battered mushroom appetizers (can't remember the name) and their chicken curry with rice!  The rice is so aromatic and I love the soft texture of it all.  It goes so well with the chicken curry..The chicken was succulent, tender, and flavorful.   It' got to the point where I was so full, but I kept wanting a second bite!  I'll definitely try their South Jordan location in the future as well.Anyway, I'll update again when I've tried it a couple more times.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,1/28/2014,55,38,9,13,8>I'm not a morning person... Mornings are for sadists. Penny Ann's is the only valid reason to be awake on a weekend morning before noon. I am now a self proclaimed Hotcake Elitist. I cannot, and will not eat hotcakes anywhere but Pennys. They are perfect. And the biscuits and gravy... I am willing to wake up at 9am on a Saturday for them. Enough said. Get yourself some pie, any pie they are all amazing. It can serve as your just reward for getting out of bed.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,1/27/2014,105,86,5,7,6>So you are thinking about going out and you want to try something new, maybe something just a little different but not to different, and you say to yourself, "self, I wonder if we should give The Garage a try?" since your not sure and since your talking to yourself, allow me to interrupt and answer that for you ........ YES, you should most definitely give the Garage a try!!I love this little place, I truly do, let's run through a checklist of all of the reasons that I really enjoy The Garage;1) It is locally owned, that's a big deal to me! 2) The place is very unique and just kind of fun to hang out at.3) The staff is very attentive and just quirky enough to add some awesome flavor to the whole experience.4) Oh ya, the food is pretty freak'in good as well!!!!Reading my fellow Yelpers reviews made me put The Garage on my must visit place and I am very glad that I did, it was a hit. My wife and I did what we do and sampled a few items on our first visit to get an idea of what we would enjoy, let me tell you about that.First up, the Fried Mormon Funeral Potatoes, as good as advertised, worth the visit if they were the only thing that we tried.Second, Marsha's Hot Sweet Tots, my wife thought that these were even better than the Fried Mormon Funeral Potatoes, I really enjoyed them but if I could only order one it would be the Fried Mormon Funeral Potatoes.Third, Grandma's Chicken Pot Pie, I LOVE Chicken Pot Pie so when I go some place that serves it, I try it. The Pot Pie here was good, it was very different in the sense that it was very sweet, it was good but personally I do not like sweet foods so it was not my favorite but it was good enough that I would try it again, my wife loved it!!Forth, the Southern Fried Chicken, yes please, I will have seconds. My mom made the best fried chicken in the world so I know good fried chicken and this was not as good as mom's but better than most others!!Finally, the SLC Firehouse Burger, that was a good burger, I am looking forward to my next one.So that's it, I tried The Garage and I loved it .......................... give it a try won't you.Until next time my fellow Yelpers ........................ Be Local, Live Local, and whenever possible ..................... Buy Local!!!!!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,1/26/2014,11,57,4,6,5>Been here for drinks on the patio and I've always loved it. I wish the patio was a little bit bigger though because it always seems crowded.Went here on Sunday to watch football and it was great. Our server was awesome: very attentive and friendly. We ordered a salad and a burger and both were really good. The salad was big but it seemed to have more toppings than lettuce. It was still delicious and I would definitely get it again. There was a brunch buffet that looked really good but I was attempting to be healthy with the salad and didn't try it. I'll try it next Sunday though!There are plenty of tvs. From our table we could see 3 tvs well which gave us the opportunity to keep on eye on the games of our rivals. :)The crowd here was fun and friendly. There was a big group that decided to acquire other tables by inviting them to join their group. By the time we left there were about 20 people laughing and socializing together who hours prior were all strangers. Sometimes with a football crowd you wouldn't see fans from other teams talking to each other. I liked that everyone was here to have a good time.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/29/2012,154,72,4,11,3>Looking for somewhere new to have a delicious, creative and affordable lunch? Then check out Frisch! Salt Lake City's newest lunch hot spot. Locally owned and run by the sweetest little family. Head Chef Rachel put's care into each inspired dish she makes. Their slogan says it all: Compassionate eatery. Conveniently located and ADORABLE! The owners gave the former Rico building a colorful face lift that makes you just wanna stay and hang out.  I predict I will be frequenting this place so often it may just convert me into a vegan!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,8/28/2012,106,208,2,5,3>I really like Indian food.  I love eating it at Bombay House.  A lot of other people do too.  Unfortunately I am not very good at waiting.  Good thing there's Tandoor.  Seriously.  Lamb Saag, highly recommended on Yelp and for good reason.  The spinach really does stand out on its own, and not in the "eww, spinach" way, but the "mmm, spinach" way.  And then you magically turn into Popeye.  Just kidding.  The lamb part was also very tasty in this dish.  Lamb Samosas... there's a trend going on in my ordering system, but really, I just like lamb.  And these did not disappoint.  Many cultures have dishes that have meat wrapped in some form of carb and fried, and they're all delicious.  Chicken Tikka.  My boyfriend and I thought he ordered tikka masala, and were pleasantly surprised when these delicious chunks of chicken and vegetables came on a sizzling platter.  It was done perfectly, the chicken was moist and tender and had the perfect flavor, and the vegetables, my goodness, I would have eaten them alone.  Overall, great first dining experience at Tandoor, I probably will be coming back during my next Indian food craving.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,8/27/2012,40,196,,4,2>So i was curious about Bosnian food. (Bosnia is in the Balkan peninsula, surrounded by Croatia, Albania, Macedonia, to the north of Greece and Turkey)  I'm always up for a foodie adventure.  I've never even known what Bosnian food was like, but the photos and reviews made me want to go.  So I went.The food was wonderful!  I had the cevapi, as it was one of the recommendation on Yelp.  It's KIND OF like a pita type thing, but not really.  The bread (lepinje?)  was shaped like a pita, but much more hearty, lightly grilled on an oiled griddle and was sliced in half.  Inside, there are five home-made sausages that were really very flavorful.  Real sausage that tasted kind of like a kibbeh style meat.  Then on the side, was a red pate (not really a sauce-I think its called ajvar).  It's made of roasted red peppers and some other spices and it had a nice smoked peppery taste.  Then they also served it with a side of kaymak a dairy product, kind of like clotted cream.  The man said he makes it from four different types of cheeses.  It has the consistency of a very well-whipped cream cheese.  They also serve with a sliced tomato and mined red and white onions.  Put it all together and it was heaven.  The other menu items looked delicious as well so I plan to go back.  Fairly cheap too. only about 6.50 for a plate.  The place was really clean with some Bosnian music playing.  The owners, man and woman, were very nice and welcoming.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,8/26/2012,1710,637,2,5,2>I ordered the tacu tacu a lo K-rico. Delicious. I wasn't raised on fried bananas/platanos, so  I can't say I really enjoyed them with the beef and the amazing beans. We asked our server how they prepare the beans. Apparently, they use a yellow pepper paste, a dusting of rice, onion with the beans as the hero. SO delicious!Also, be sure to order the tasty passion fruit drink. Notes: They have TVs streaming entertaining variety shows from Latin American countries. They also have free wifi. The password is their phone number. Service is good.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,8/25/2012,59,170,3,5,3>Wow.  Just wow.I'm a huge fan of the original location, sure.  There is even more here to love.What's different:  better parking, more table space, more room in the back.  You can see that the kitchen is much more comfortable, which leads one to think that wait times for food are going down.  The interior feels spacious and cool.More important than all that, they have a drive-thru window.  I can now get my order without hauling myself out of the car.  What's the same.  same friendly staff, same amazing recipes.  The menu is full of the same delicious, offerings I've come to love from the original location.  Today they had the special, the name of which I'll be reverentially typing slowly so as to not throw myself into a total food geek out.Brisket pho sandwich.Beautifully roasted brisket, Thai basil, some heat, and some pho broth to keep it all moist and flavorful.  Brilliant. This is my new favorite sandwich without any question.  I kind of wish I'd had a bite before offering half to my wife.  To my shame as a spouse, I might have kept the entire thing for myself.  I'm not selfish; the sandwich is just that good.Convenient Holladay dining just took a quantum leap. I'll be back tomorrow for more of that brisket pho sandwich.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,8/24/2012,245,216,3,6,4>I can't tell you how many times I've driven by this place in the last year without even seeing it. I heard rumors of a Cheers out south but I had no idea it was in Midvale.A group of us went on Saturday and it just happened to be their one year anniversary as well as karaoke. Is this place fancy? Nope. But it was fun and the people watching was so entertaining. How can you beat a 70+ year old woman singing her heart out? And that Asian dude who is dancing around by himself? Let's not forget the meathead looking dude covered in tattoos wearing tevas. Amazing.It was busy but not packed which is always nice. This location is much bigger than the downtown spot. There are pool tables and seating. There's even a little patio.Drinks are low to average in price but the reason I'll go back is the bartenders. Really nice guys. Rick introduced himself to me and asked if it was my first time. He welcomed me and said he hoped I would come back again soon. Just for that, I'll go back if I'm ever out that way.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/23/2012,81,221,3,5,5>Lovely patio, larger space but I am still a bit more partial to the 15th and 15th location.  However, still a solid place for lunch. I enjoy doing the appetizer sampler. It is a very nice deal and the server on my last visit was bringing extra pita before we could even ask. I do yoga next door so it is definitely a place that we frequent on the regular.The hummus is very creamy and delicious and the labneh is a must have as a beautiful condiment. The sammy's are also a good choice...the labneh and greens and the eggplant are personal faves. It doesn't have the ambiance and character as it's tiny sister restaurant, but it is just as delicious!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,8/22/2012,42,262,6,4,3>Ok, have moved on from the Nuttella Crepes (see you soon) to the meat plate. For 15 bucks you get lamb sausages, gyro meat, ribeye kabobs, chicken kabobs, salad, olives, feta...Holy hell!Feast, and think of me.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,8/21/2012,186,563,,8,3>I love everything about this place, from the sketchy street to the "Spa capacity: 70" sign above the door. This is why I love yelp so much. If it weren't for an event held here, I would have never found out about my new favorite Mexican eatery. The onion-y cilantro-y salsa that comes complimentary is simply delicious. Try not to pick  it up and drink it straight from the dish. The chips are great, too. I love that there is no set menu and that the server will just tell you what they are cooking up that day. It makes me feel like a guest at a neighbor's kitchen. Don't be afraid to try to communicate with the server - he speaks more English than some assume. Hand gestures work, too. They always have the basics -tacos, burritos, etc. Portions are huge and very tasty. The last time we went the gentleman working proudly showed off his Yelp pen. It was nice that he remembered us from the event we attended previously and knew we were yelpers. I am happy to come back again and again, and even if they raised their prices (right now it's dirt cheap) I would be happy to pay more. They are worth it.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/20/2012,159,264,2,5,5>Oh Yes!  Patty Melt and Onion Rings!  What else can I say?  Well, there is the pie!  It's great too.  They have an awesome patio.  This place is what it is. A diner - sort-of.  That is all.  Don't expect more.  The atmosphere is fine for a diner and perfect for the sort-of.  The food is above bar for a diner and the pie is perfect.  I love this place!  My wife doesn't.  That says even more.  No Nouveau American, No Small Plates, No Trendy Trendsetters, No Edison Bulbs, just plain, simple, good food for you and me.  Yeah, it's that good.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/6/2013,133,115,,9,4>If you really want to experience some great Persian food you should check out this new restaurant which was Pars market but moved a bit down the street on Highland and added on a restaurant and is now Pars Market and Cuisine. We were told that they brought in one of the top Persian chefs in the country who was currently training their staff so as soon as this place builds a name I'm betting that they will be needing more dining space to accommodate the onslaught of Persian cuisine fans. I can't imagine any bad reviews coming out of this place as the service was awesome and personable and the food was pure Middle-Eastern goodness. They were super intent on making sure that everybody enjoyed their meals and experience. One in our parties meal came out like 5 minutes later than the rest and I kid you not they refused to let him pay.  The mirza ghasemi (eggplant and egg) appetizer was terrific and had a plethora of unique flavors. You're not going to want to skip the appetizer here so please order this. For the entree I had the lamb shank which was delicious and perfectly presented along with the saffron rice and various side dishes. It's going to take a few visits before I start getting a few of the names of these foods down but I'm definitely coming back.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,4/5/2013,160,294,5,10,8>Effort. Lots and lots of effort involved in a meal here. Drippy, slippery, flavorful, saucy, spicy effort. Whether you get the crawfish, shrimp, clams, mussels, or crab, you'll be working for your supper.  As much as you'd like them to, these creatures do not peel themselves and jump into your mouth.Since their 2010 opening, Bo'C has done their due diligence. They've listened to suggestions from customers, and added a few items to their repertoire to make the experience a bit more tidy. Rolls of paper towels on each table, wet naps from your server, and bread to sop up the sinfully delicious bagged crustacean juice. The paper towels and wet naps are free - the bread isn't. Which bugs me a little.Plenty of others have talked about the order process, the tastiness of the seafood, and the attentive service at Bo'C. We experienced all of the above in spades. We tried nearly everything on the menu, and the undeniable favorite was the shrimp. The snow crab was absolutely delicious, but there wasn't much meat inside the rather small legs. The clams were divinely seasoned, and perfect. Their choices of flavor preparations are individually brilliant, but the combination of all of them was a little too convoluted for me. My preference was the garlic butter, with the lemon pepper running a very close second. The Cajun was nice, but my least favorite.Hot and medium spice levels are pretty close to spot on. Hot is somewhat spicy (for me). However, medium has plenty of heat for most standard tasters. Mild has no spice at all.One at our table ordered the fried catfish, which was heavenly. Secretly, I was wishing I had ordered that - if I were two separate people. I wouldn't trade the bagged shellfish experience, though. Looks like I'm going back a few times.A few relatively small grievances:1. The crawfish had mad flavor, but were nearly void of meat. They were small, but I've had small crawfish before with much more meat in the tail. Each one provided a barely detectable, albeit delectable, tidbit. And the head-sucking process delivered nothing at all. 2. No hushpuppies on the side menu! What the...what? Hushpuppies are a Creole standard - even if there's an unexpected Asian spin on it all. Really disappointing not to find these anywhere on the menu.3. Sweet potato fries were good, but too thin and crispy. We weren't able to detect much sweet potato flavor in them. Meh.4. Technically, shouldn't this place be called "Bag O'Crawfish?" The only buckets to be found are there for the disposal of empty carcasses, which is a little creepy on which to focus. Oh well, I'm over it. Semantics be damned!Our server, Jason, was phenom. He treated us very well, and was pretty much always available when we needed him. He anticipated our needs, was informative, funny and cool, and made us feel welcome. Once the carnage was over, our table resembled something from the post-Zombie-apocolypse. We all felt bad to leave such a mess, but Jason wasn't having it. He was very gracious.Bo'C is a little pricey for what you get, IMO. Literally everything you order is charged separately - nothing "comes with" anything. I totally get that the shellfish has to be shipped/flown in frequently. Call me unreasonable, but I'd prefer to pay a slightly higher entree price and have a couple of sides included.  Be prepared for a moment of mild sticker shock once the final bill arrives.All in all, the experience was great. We look forward to jumping back into the proverbial bucket.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,4/4/2013,131,102,,8,2>I have been here three times in the last month and I must say that this place is FANTASTIC.  The fried chicken really is amazing... not greasy, spiced to perfection, and very yummy..  But that is not the only reason to eat here... the salad, the veggie curry and rice dish, and the pita and humus are all amazing.  for $9.99 a chicken plate includes the chicken, a great salad with an amazing dressing, warm pita bread, and the daily selection of veggie curry.  The curry seems to change but it is nearly always a combination of different types of lentils and potatoes, served with a hot sauce.  There is always more food than I can eat, and I always have leftovers.  (I am not complaining!)  The best part about this place is that the chicken is not greasy!  This is not KFC and you will not think you just ate a tub of lard after you eat dinner here.  It is hot and tasty... crispy and delicious... but not overly greasy heavy.  Furthermore, the proprietors of this place are so polite! I really adore this place.  It is fantastic!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,4/3/2013,83,511,,5,3>This is a total mom and pop joint with an attached market.  I love it.  The pho is great, full of noodles and meat.  They have basil!!!  This is the cheapest pho in Utah at $5.75, thats nuts!  Place looks dingy from the outside but don't let the fancy chandeliers other places have fool you.  Inside is clean with all the condiments you want on the tables.  Only complaint i have is that the place is cold when you first walk in and some of the meats were fatty but for the price, i can live with that.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,4/2/2013,43,31,2,6,3>If someone gave me $1,000 and I had to choose ONE local place to spend it, Caputo's would be it. I cannot give enough love and props to this place...it is THAT amazing.  I always feel like family while I'm there.  Attending a class, buying cheese, or shopping for gifts, I always find exactly what I'm looking for and more.  I love the fact that everyone knows exactly how to help you and what to suggest.  I've purchased party platters here before and have never been disappointed.  If you are a friend of mine, then you know how much I love and talk about this place and you've probably attended a class or event with me.  Matt is insane (in a good way!).  I don't know how he crams so much information about food, cheese, chocolate, etc. into his brain and articulates it so well.  I highly recommend taking one of the classes that they offer and defiantly add a wine pairing whenever possible.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,4/1/2013,19,93,1,3,4>UPDATE: I heard this place is gone and has been replaced by a Fresh Market. Sad. Hopefully I can find out where they moved to. This little gem is hidden inside Viva Market so don't get lost looking for an individual location. This has become one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in town, and it's inside a grocery store. A little different but oh so worth it. Everything looks and tastes fresh. The food reminds me of a small family restaurant I would find in Mexico. Maybe because it is run by a family from Mexico. Even the corn tortillas are handmade. I have yet to try the whole menu but everything I've tried is excellent. One of my favorites is the chile relleno taco which is a small chile relleno on a bed of refried beans and spanish rice. The caldo de res is very good and very fresh. They have great agua frescas, like the agua de limon (lime) which was delicious. Also reminded me of the homemade ice treats in Mexico. My dad's way picky about his Mexican food too and so far he's liked everything. They also have a variety of tacos and tortas with interesting combinations, which I will meticulously try off the list. I've recently tried the Torta Cubana. This is heavy and huge. Might be best for those working on the docks or doing construction all day. I'm sure it's packed with calories. I felt a little guilty afterwards and left with a slight case of food coma. Very tasty but not a fan of the half grilled hot dogs. It's not necessarily a place to take a first time date but you really have to try this place at least once. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is it's strange location. But I guess you can kill two birds with one stone and shop for groceries after you eat. The staff is very friendly. Buen provecho!(Pics included)
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,3/31/2013,109,387,2,6,3>If you do not leave this place speaking spanish, growing a mustache in the hour you are there, and smell like Spanish Pride in every sense, then you have not really lived and enjoyed the Finca Experience.I had been meaning to go to this place, as it is right by my place. It's just on this nice modern, yet rustic, building in a corner in the middle of the neighborhood. They have good parking, even when they share the building with 2 other businesses.Spanish tapas are meant to be shared, so we did. We ordered a bunch of things from the menu, which had a pretty good variety from cold to hot tapas, to bigger dishes that were definitely meant to be shared. The cold and hot tapas vary price from like 8-13 bucks. The bigger plates are about 20-30 bucks (but worth it)They have an extensive list of wines, and cocktails made there. Also, they have some beers, not a huge beer menu, but good enough. The Amber Ale they have is delish, and huge (unexpected, well received surprise)We tried the croquetas, which were absolutely delicious, a nice creamy filling together with the pork and cheese, plus the sauces and the taste of everything together and/or separately made it a delicious dish.We also tried the shrimp on lemon and butter, and it was so tasty. They brought some nice bread to dip in with the left over sauce, which truly hit the spot.For our main dish we had the fish caserole-ish. It was some fish, shellfish, garbanzo beans, and this creamy sauce that was seriously a taste of sea heaven.Their service was extremely nice. The hostess and our server were top notch. Super nice, way helpful on our first experience. So attentive to our needs and always willing to make our experience better.All in all, I absolutely enjoyed this place. The prices were good for what they offer, that is; incredible food, perfect ambient, great service, and a nice location.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/30/2013,56,239,3,6,5>Although this place looks totally sketchy, it is 100% awesome. My family has been eating here for years and it's still one our favorite Chinese restaurants in town. I like pretty much everything I've ordered here, but lately the hubs and I have been ordering the dumpling soup with egg noodles, beef with green beans, and egg drop soup. The prices are also very reasonable, we usually spend around $15-20 including tip and have leftovers. The service lately has been very friendly and helpful too! Will be back!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,3/29/2013,1710,637,2,6,3>I think I have an addiction. Somebody help me. Let's review why I come here so often. 1. Pork soft tofu soup (the best in Utah IMHO)2. Cucumber small dish (ditto)3. Broccoli small dish (ditto)4. Sprout small dish (Korea house has a slight edge on this one, but MGs is really good)5. Beef bulgogi (Korea House may also have the edge in this one due to juicier beef)
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,3/28/2013,106,208,,2,2>One thing to know about Cindy Lee during lunch time.  Immediate Gratification.  They know that people who are typically having lunch in this area are on a time crunch.  I don't even know if I've been to any restaurant downtown or a food truck  and have been able to get in and out (without calling ahead mind you) in half an hour.  When I do call ahead, they will have my order ready between 5-10 minutes.  There are only two things I order here.  The Vietnamese Noodle Salad with BBQ Pork and Egg Roll or (insert proper vietnamese name of dish here)  and the pho with rare beef and brisket or rare beef and meatballs.  They offer Chinese dishes on the menu as well, but I personally think their Vietnamese offerings are much better.  Anyways, they should really have 3.5 stars, but they're just so quick and they offer my favorite comfort food.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,10/5/2011,118,131,4,3,3>I can't seem to get enough of this place. Even the building it is in is awesome! The owners come straight from Philly so they certainly can make you one of the best cheesesteaks you've ever had.  If cheesesteaks aren't your thing, they have a bunch of other sandwiches and usually have some kind of pasta or lasagne special.  Honestly, my favorite is the meatball... with tons of jalapeno sauce. Thats right, i said jalapeno sauce. The best thing about the meatball sandwich is the necessary shower afterward.  Not only because it's the messiest sandwich to ever exist, but you are so happy with your day that you can't really be any more satisfied and are ready to end it. Ah yeah.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,10/4/2011,375,534,12,8,8>Have you guys ever seen that movie "Honey, I shrunk the kids?" You know how there's that scene when the kids are in the yard and they encounter this MASSIVE cookie in the grass and they're just noshing on this HUMONGOUS cookie, like shoving giant handfuls of creme into their mouths?If I could be shrunk really tiny and let loose in the Bruges store, that would be my dream come true.  I would tear through their waffles.  Not just a regular Bruges waffle, but the double decker one with two Belgian chocolate bars inside.  I would literally be shoving my entire face into the chocolate, roll around in it.  And then I would go swimming in their Belgian chocolate machine, which slow-churns real Belgian chocolate chips.  I'd use their fresh whipped cream as a pillow.  It would be awesome.Look, I'm not crazy.  If you've ever had one of their waffles-- crispy, chewy deliciousness with sugary bits throughout-- you would not be shaking your head at me.  It's that good.  Did I mention we had braised beef that had been slow-cooked for 20 hours and it was scrumptious?  Well, it was scrumptious.  And their frites?  They rival the ones at Pommes Frites in New York City.  And that's saying a lot.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,10/3/2011,64,99,,5,2>Well well well...Yelp Eats drew me to Stoneground and it did not disappoint. I've been there before, but this time it was much better. I had the hot wings, which were fabulous and the Stoneground Classic Pizza. I also had a stein of beer. The wings were not the sometimes dry wings you find in some establishments. These were fairly wet and somewhat hot. Extra sauce was lingering after the wings were finished which I look for when examining wings. The real star here is their blue cheese that is made in house. The blue cheese is chunky and tastes great. The pizza ingredients were fresh, but it seemed like there were to many ingredients for the thickness of the pizza. I mostly tasted the ingredients and not the bread/dough. I would have liked to have thicker crust, but it is all good. The pizzas are reasonably priced for not being a $5 grab and go. They have a pretty good selection of beers, but other pizza places are better for beer. They have pastas, but you are going to a pizza joint. Therefore, order a feakin pizza. Also, I enjoy the pool tables in the middle of the restaurant. It is always nice to liven up a night with taking some people's money by being a pool shark (don't look at moi).Finally, the service and atmosphere is generally nice. It overlooks the library and you can get a tattoo downstairs after if you are so inclined. The wait staff is friendly and informative about the menu. This is a nice addition to the other pizza places in SLC. So stop reading this review and  get there for some of the top pizza in SLC.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,10/2/2011,57,67,,4,5>I go to Lamb's for breakfast meetings at least a few times each month.  I love everything about it, from the decades-old decor to the pleather booths to the worn carpet to the servers who call you "sweetie" and "honey" regardless of gender and without apology.  Seriously.  LOVE. (Here's hoping the new owner (I'm told) won't change one iota of that.)  As for the food, two eggs over easy is my standard and it comes out perfect every time.  The hashbrowns are sort of "eh," but they are almost everywhere so I don't judge.  (Except at Market Street Grill; those are twenty levels above "eh."  Trust me on this; I'm from Idaho and I know my hashbrowns.)  The last time I was there I tried the eggs benedict; very tasty, if a little on the salty side.  I've also had the oatmeal (delish), hard boiled eggs, bacon, ham, rice pudding, burgers, one salad (sad--do not repeat my mistake), and myriad grilled cheeses in what I am pretty sure is every combination of bread v. cheese.  Not all at once, mind you.  But over the last 1.5 years.  All but the salad were perfectly satisfying and reasonably priced for what I got.  I say, ignore the naysayers and give it a chance.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,10/1/2011,68,80,2,5,4>Sakana was good but I'm not sure it's worth the drive to BFE.We actually recognized our waitress as a friend of ours upon arrival so we were able to talk casually about the menu options. She brought us some decent edamame and miso soup for free (I'm not sure if this is a regular courtesy or if she got us the hook up.) Anyways, she recommended the Kampai, Playboy and Hotty Roll. We ended up with the Sunset, Kampai, Angel and Hotty Roll. My personal favorite was the Sunset roll because I love the taste of lemon slices on top of sushi. My roommate's favorite (and a strong second place for me) was the Hotty Roll and holy hell... that roll is hot! I wasn't ready for the heat when I took my first bite and I nearly burst into tears! It's equipped with jalapeno, lime, and hot sauce. I think the hot sauce just hit my tongue the wrong way and it really caught me off guard (what a cheap shot on the hot sauce's part.)I would recommend Sakana but unfortunately for me, I'm not in love. The quest for my favorite sushi place in SLC continues...
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,9/30/2011,50,142,3,4,3>The combo of beer, wine or liquor and movies-- fabulous. Since there are a lot of reviews about Brewvies I will keep it brief. I recently went to a special showing of The Last Waltz and had a blast. It was loud, there was singing, it was packed and  was fabulous! I had no idea that they had these sort of special showings. Definitely check out one of their non-movie shows, it will be a bacchanalian time.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,9/29/2011,51,331,6,7,6>I ordered the Pad Thai to go, and it was absolutely delicious. Two days later, and I'm still craving it. In fact, I may go back today to get my Tea Rose fix. The owner of Tea Rose is absolutely delightful. So very friendly and warm. Speaking of warm. If you like spicy, then go to Tea Rose. This place means serious business when it comes to spice, as you can order your food on spicy levels from 1 to 10. I'll admit, my Scottish blood isn't too fond of spicy, so when she asked me what level of spicy I wanted for my Pad Thai, I went with a 1, and it was perfect for me. I tried the 2 and 3, and they were a bit too much for me. So the next time your friend that is always saying his food isn't spicy enough is acting a little too tough, take them here and make them order a 7 through 10. And watch him sweat. And cry.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,9/28/2011,17,19,,3,4>Last night had dinner at Piastra which is located in the City Center Marriott.  We had a wonderful server (Nada) and an amazing meal.  We started with their house salad, then we had the Filet Duo, and ended with the chocolate crepes.  We will definitely return and repeat that dinner! The dinner menu has mostly Italian cuisine and we look forward to returning to try some of those selections.  Seeing what others around us selected, I look forward to trying their lasagna.  With all the meals we saw, the presentation, the serving size, and the meals themselves looked great!We also had breakfast this morning.  We order the American breakfast, eggs benedict, and pancakes (three of us for breakfast).  Again, we had a wonderful server (Marco) and all our breakfast choices were superb. Piastra is a hotel restaurant you don't want to miss!  I know we will visit again even when not staying at the Marriott.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,9/27/2011,99,162,4,6,8>As an American, I assess my quotidian needs with a simple question:  Quality or Quantity? I do not have a simple answer to my personal query as it is a more philosophical quest than may meet the eye.  Ascetic or Hedonist?  Often, it is the girth of my wallet rather than my self-will that truly determines my "spiritual" bent of the day.Luckily for me, at Thai Lotus I do not need to engage my inner Nietzche.  Instead, my sheer physical delight takes over.  And I get left-overs!At Thai Lotus, the portions are both massively delicious and just plain massive.  I ordered a cup of the Tom Yum Kai and the Guay Teaw Kee Mao (Drunken Noodles).  Now, a "cup" is a standard measure, right?  Apparently, I've been wrong for many years because this cup of soup was a meal of its own.My dining companion ordered the Pad Thai add seafood.  When I saw the "add seafood" option, I thought it was a mis-type.  A poor translation, perhaps.  Fool that I am, thought even though the menu said that for $5 one can add  "shrimp, scallops, mussels, calamari, and salmon,"  they must mean OR.  Well, color me wrong.Now, the service - was it the best?  No.  But, the restaurant was packed and there were only 2 servers on.  I think of it this way:  In a world in which our morality and belief system is constantly in question, how about adhering to some common-place patience before engaging in pure gluttony?I left with a smile on my face, a doggie-bag in hand, and spice on my lips rather than my tongue.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,9/26/2011,13,20,1,5,3>This is definitely a local shop. The owners are super friendly. And the coffee has cocaine in it because I can't stop. It makes my body feel warm and my mind focused and confident. So if you want to have a legally cocainated caffeinated beverage - don't hesitate. I love my sugar with coffee and cream and Theresa knows just how to do it. MMm.The ooey gooey cinnamon rolls are a heart attack, yes they are that good. And the scones...oh the scones. These scones are good like breasts. Soft and delicious. I don't eat scones except from here.Prices are slightly lower than what you would see at starbucks so Moderate. Free wi-fi, just ask for the password. its something fun like "mooseville" or "notyourlocalstarbucks" or "moosearepeople2". I forget it off the top of my head
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,7/20/2013,59,170,2,4,4>Solid.This is a second location, the first being in Midway.  Although they've only been open a few days, it's clear that this is a cafe that is about doing a few simple things, centered around a wood-fired oven and the owner's farm-raised cheese, and doing them very well.First up for us was a fried egg and bacon bagel sandwich.  The star here was the fresh, scratch made bagels.  We had our sandwich on an asiago topped one, but they have a full variety of flavors. The texture of the bagel was definitely lighter and more airy than any I've had before, though it stood up nicely as a platform for the fillings. If I had a single quibble with the meal it's that I'd have loved the fried egg on the sandwich with a runny yolk, as it would have provided a bit of sauce for a sandwich that was otherwise a tad dry.  The main event for us was a roasted mushroom pizza.  In a world of Pizzeria-712-puce-Himilayan-salt-roasted-corn-and-­kumquat pizza, nobody will mistake these for innovative.  Instead, they are simple, traditional, and executed extremely well.  Perfect char on the bottom of the crust, good chew, and all the crisp bits that indicate a perfectly cooked pizza in a very hot wood-fired oven.  Although we added some roasted sausage to ours and removed the gorgonzola because my wife dislikes it intensely and thus didn't have their stock version of this menu item, the flavor combinations here were elegant.  I appreciated most of all how well handled the rosemary was.  That tends to be one of those herbs that can quickly overpower a dish and make all the ingredients taste like they were dragged roughly across the floor of a pine forest.  Here, though, the touch was light and provided a nice counterpoint to the earthy mushrooms.Between our pizza and dessert, we were offered tastes of various cheese from the owner's farm.  My advice:  indulge here a bit and enjoy the flavors coming from Duvall Farms.  There's a beautiful cheese tasting to be had just comparing the various kinds of cow or goat milk cheese flavors that can be coaxed from a single farm's output.  My favorite was a harder cows milk Young Tomme.  There were eight being offered for purchase by the ounce, and we grabbed a few ounces to go.They offer cheesecake, ice cream, and gelato for dessert.  We opted for some pistachio gelato, which my wife decided was her favorite pistachio that she'd ever had.I suspect given how close this is to us and that the prices are fair bordering on inexpensive, we'll be exploring that pizza menu quite a lot in the coming days.  It's nice to have a place nearby that can do a nicely charred crust.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/19/2013,150,214,2,2,2>I had been craving some authentic Mexican food, and my friend (who happens to be Mexican) suggested that we come here. I was surprised to see it's right next to Lee's Food to Go which I've visited a few times before, but have never noticed it in the past. There's not much as far as decor is concerned. There are booths along the sides of the restaurant, cafeteria style tables, and a TV in the corner.I ordered a Michelada to drink which is beer (Corona or Modelo) mixed with tomato juice, lime and chili powder rimming the glass. It was really tasty! For my entree, I had the Camarones a la Diabla, which is shrimp in a spicy red sauce and it's served with rice, beans, assorted vegetables and warm tortillas. I love spicy food and this dish didn't disappoint. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and I was pretty stuffed after only getting halfway through the dish! I can't wait to go back and try the street tacos which I noticed were only $1 each.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,7/16/2013,40,327,2,4,2>I've been here twice now and it was excellent both times. The first time I had the Special Combo plate, which comes with two kebabs, rice, curry, and garbonzo beans. Let me start by saying that the garbanzo beans are out-of-this-world tasty. So, so good. The meat is cooked to order and it was prepared perfectly. I had one chicken and one beef kebab; loved them both. One thing that I enjoy is that they prepare the kebabs according to your spice preference; you can go as mild or as spicy as you'd like. I've gone with the 2.5 spice level both times now and I have not been disappointed.The curry was okay but nothing to write home about, although the fellas I ate there with seemed to really enjoy it. The second time I went kebabs, rice and garbanzo beans, skipping the curry. It was great. You can also request some dipping sauces for the kebabs if you're so inclinded (yogurt and some type of sweet sauce). In reality, you can pretty much slather that stuff on the rice as well and it just adds to the dish.The actual space is definitely no-frills - one might even find it to be a little sketchy. But the warmth of the owners, who are there to take your order and cook your food, more than makes up for its lack of charm. This place is tucked away in an old, small, run-down strip mall, so it's easy to miss if you're not looking for it. But if you ever find yourself in the mood for some tasty Pakastani food, definitely consider this place - you'll be glad that you did.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,7/15/2013,154,72,6,4,5>I love Brewvies. Have you been to Brewvies? If you have then obviously you love it too! If you haven't been, you are either under age, mormon, living South of Sandy or living under a rock. Here is the run down:-Full Bar with daily drink specials-Gotta love those bartender boys. I wan't to adopt them all-Good Movies that it's okay to get drunk and yell at-Good movies that you can watch while you are waiting for your tasty non-bar seeming food and when your number lights up, go grab it just outside! Jiffy! -pool tables-pinball-patio-shenanigansAnd last but not least: They host Geek Show movie night on the last Sunday of every month. It's like a big party watching 2 themed movies encouraging the audience to play drinking games along with and it's super fun. Thanks to the manager Andy for also letting me set up my arts to sell on key busy nights. This place is the Cheer's of Salt Lake. Grab a friend, grab a beer and meet me at the movies at Brewvies!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,7/14/2013,1481,94,11,12,13>A warm summer evening as the sun slowly set was the perfect backdrop to sit outside at the St. Regis bar and take in the final daily rays of my favorite G-type main-sequence star. Wandered over after enjoying a free concert  at the snow park outdoor amphitheater.  No discernible dress code-- the valets turned a blind eye to our motley crew of dayglo sandals and 80s t-shirts;  instead they treated us as royalty and graciously escorted us to the funicular.  The valets seemed almost giddy as though they all shared the same birthday and that birthday was now.  As always, the funicular was funtastic.  Someone joked that the leather holding straps hanging from metal ceiling bars made the ride 50 shades grayer.  Greeted by the familiar blue dog sculpture artwork with joyous tiny park city recreational scenes carefully painted all over it.  I would prefer to see this type of sculpture aesthetic enlarged and placed all around Park City instead of the moose.                  Spacious seating, modern/clean mountain lodge architecture, white-glove attention and service, the obvious cachet of funicular-generated anticipation, and the intoxicating panoramic view all conspire to created an understated atmospheric elegance that felt like the warm hug of a long-lost friend.  The subdued conversations at the other outdoor tables stood as a lovely contrast to the boisterous cacophony that defines all free summer lawn concerts in Park City. After ordering over a hundred dollars in drinks (i.e., the first round), our excellent server offered complimentary chips or nut mix.  They were also complementary to the drinks.  The server was asked if there was any healthier options, like carrots and celery.  She explained that they did not have any carrots or celery but would search for something healthier to nosh on.  Minutes later carrots and celery appeared.  Apparently drummed up from another part of the kitchen. Every cocktail a work of art that is glorious to behold and bursting with flavor.  They go down easy.   The mojito with chunks of fresh pineapple (dry white not sweet yellow) and tons of mint (could swear there was foamy plasma cilantro/mint top layer) was a personal favorite.  Mo mo plz.   Unfortunately, the drinks cost somewhere between Manhattan and Tokyo.  Lyrics from that Guns n' Roses classic perfectly sum up my thoughts on the carrot and celery magic combined with thoughts of the hyper-exorbitant drink prices:   "We are the people that can find whatever you may need. If you got the money, honey, we got your disease. In the jungle, welcome to the jungle."
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/13/2013,37,72,3,11,3>Finally! I've been searching Utah for REAL bbq, and I found it at Bam Bam's. Summary: Just go. And be hungry when you go.I'd been hearing about this new place for awhile and finally got down to Provo last week. We went for dinner and between the 4 of us got 1/2 lb each of all the meats, plus 3 sides. First impression: it's a nice, clean restaurant, with very fitting decor that has plenty of personality (it has to be a little quirky to be a local hot spot, right?). The staff (including the owner, Mr. Bam Bam himself) are all very friendly and helpful. But hey, we're here for the meat, so let's get to it:Brisket: this is how brisket is supposed to be! You can tell he doesn't use cheap meat. It was full of just the right amount of flavor, it was super tender (as in, cut-it-with-a-plastic-fork tender), super juicy ... just everything a brisket should be. I could eat that brisket for breakfast, lunch & dinner every day for a week. Also, I liked the brisket. Did I mention that?Pork: If you have to choose between pork and a side dish, get the pork. This stuff is like meat candy. They chop it and mix the sauce in right in front of you. Nice.Ribs: Yes! Big, meaty spare ribs (I'm convinced baby back ribs are a scam created by Chili's. Anyway...) wonderful flavor, fall-off-the-bone tender - again, my thought was, "This is how ribs are supposed to be done." Mmm. Turkey: I've never been a huge turkey fan, but this smoked sliced turkey was really good. Juicy, tender, cooked right, and went great with the sauces.Sides: Potato salad (great), beans (chili-like), I can't remember the other one. They're fine, but I'll be honest ... I go to places like this for the meat, so I didn't pay much attention to the sides. The food does come with a big stack of Wonder Bread, aka "The Edible Napkin". I lol'd. Sauces: There's a sweet and a tangy sauce, both of which went great with the meats. Honestly though, these meats didn't need much sauce, and I like meat for meat so I don't use much anyway. But if you like your food swimming in it, you'll do just fine with these sauces. Drinks: I get the impression Bam Bam may be a fan of Mountain Dew ... you'll see what I mean when you get there. Presentation: All the meat you order is sliced or chopped right in front of you. Cool. One of the quirks of this "Texas-style" bbq joint is there are no plates - you get a sheet of butcher paper to slap your food on. Between that and the plastic utensils, it's simple, which I'm fine with because (have you figured me out yet?) you can focus on the meat. Price: Like I said, you can tell they don't use cheap meat here, so it's a bit above average on price. But it won't break the bank, and you definitely know you're getting your money's worth. Comparisons: It's almost laughable that Dickey's "fast-food bbq" is right down the street. Bam Bam's makes them taste like McDonald's. The other dozen places I've tried from SLC to Cedar City & around the country (see my other reviews) are all now just average at best, and I won't be able to enjoy them again after coming to Bam Bam's and discovering meat's true potential.  Bottom line: Go to Bam Bam's and treat yourself to real bbq. You won't regret it.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,7/12/2013,36,49,,9,4>WOW. I dropped my phone today, and in the four iPhones i have owned since iPhone 1.0 that I bought the day it launched, broke the screen. I tried to see how much it would be to have Apple Fix it, and it was going to be 199.00 plus tax, and would require it being shipped to Apple, or hang out with the hipsters and douchenozzles that frequent the Apple store, not buying anything.My buddy said "Call iPhixit" I dropped the phone off at 5:15, and by 6:45 it was fixed with a brand new screen and digitizer. Finally I got rid of the boring black, and now I have a sweet new RED iPhone. The Price was right (112 and change with a Screen Protector and a new color panel under the front of the phone) and the phone is like brand new. It is awesome. Thanks to iPhixit for making my life a bit easier, and quickly!5 Stars.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/11/2013,25,84,2,4,2>DJ Rob takes his profession extremely seriously, and the benefactor is you.In an age where modern technology makes it easy to whip out an iPod or have your neighbor set up some speakers with a turntable, DJ Rob takes it to the next level; the professional difference. Not only does he have the latest technology and songs, but he is constantly honing his craft and striving for excellence. He accomplishes this through personal meetings and communication with the client. He also attends seminars and conventions  to keep his skills sharp and to receive constructive criticism. The final product is professionalism and a high-quality product that with leave you the client with peace of mind. DJ Rob has years of experience and can whip a crowd into a frenzy or herd them where they need to be through his seamless emceeing. He senses and takes note of the crowd's mentality and plays off their natural energy. Once DJ Rob is witnessed leading a crowd in a line dance for Apache (Jump On It) by the Sugar Hill Gang, there won't be any doubters in the room.Breathe some life back into your event; hire Life of the Party!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,7/10/2013,102,47,3,6,4>I picked up my new - and first ever - pair of glasses today from the crew at Classic Optical. I really appreciate their stance and approach on their profession here, and above all their professionalism.Having had good eyes for most of the 34 years of my life, all I had previously had to deal with at the opticians was to get my regular health check, have them say I was tip-top, and to see them again the next year. However In 2011 I had an instance of Iritis (something I don't recommend to anyone - ouch), and since then my left eye has had a slight stigmatism. Dr. Conklin has attended to my last three eye exams, is very pleasant in his demeanour, and will sit and chat with you about any issues, put your mind at ease if you're worried about failing an eye exam miserably, and will explain all the options or requirements that may help you enjoy your eyes a little more than what god has given you ;)Spending 10 hours + a day on a computer of some kind doesn't help my eyes at all, and this time around I took the opportunity to get some "computer glasses" that will fast become my firm campion as I ride out the days in front of my beloved electronic products.As I said, these are my first pair of glasses, and I am thankful that Brian and Liz were on hand to help me not only a) find the right lenses for me, but also b) "hum, ha, ooh and ah!" while I tried on a number of frames. The best part about having some more opinions on the last part is that you try on things you might not usually pick, and I for one am very happy with the not so classic Amy style that I brought home with me.So thanks Classic, and I will continue to come back for my eye health needs as long as you keep up with the amazing service.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/9/2013,139,132,,7,6>Oh Penny Ann's, you can do no wrong! Every time I've been here to eat, they remember my name, Im asked how I am and somewhere between a greeting and casual chit chat my orders been taken and my food is almost done. Their REUBEN! and the chicken cutlet sandwich are my favorite! Ask for some of that garlic aioli for your frys if you get them- it's delightful. But only eat 1/2 of your sandwich (it reheats fantastically) because you're going to want pie!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,8/19/2012,45,80,3,5,5>2012 was my first year attending Craft Lake City and I can say I was NOT disappointed! My husband and two girls showed up around 3 and it was not too bumping yet so it was easy to look around at everything before it got crowded. It was very HOT so I would recommend wearing a hat and a tank top or waiting until later in the evening to show up. There were all sorts of cool DIY crafts and such. I bought some yummy smelling hand made soaps and got a ton of good ideas for stuff to make with my girls. I felt like an ass taking pictures of all the cool stuff but I did it any way and no one said anything or acted annoyed. The beer garden set this craft show apart from the more common LDS craft shows around. We ate dinner off a gourmet food truck offering grilled cheese sandwiches' they were super yummy. Throughout the day there was tons of free entertainment such as live music and different dance groups. It was free to get in so you really have no reason not to go next year; I know I will be back.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,8/18/2012,18,100,,3,5>Locals rejoice.  What a great date spot.  So chic and so friendly.  Clearly not built for the PC tourist but the quality is so high you aren't used to getting such a nice experience in a 'locals' spot.  The quality of the pizza is really high (try a margarita pizza if you don't believe me) and the wine list is absolutely perfect.  Oh, also, props to the management for assembling a great team.  Apparently, you have to be great looking to work here - and even though the server skill set isn't super polished, they are really kind about it when they mess up.  And when you work in PC, chances are you are also in the hospitality industry so you have a lot of empathy for other hospitality industry employees.  I'd hang with this group any day.  I recommend going even as a single and sitting up at the bar next to the pizza oven.  A great time to be had.  Thanks for creating this QUALITY restaurant.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,8/17/2012,270,98,,5,2>My new favorite SLC spot. Prices are totally reasonable. Ambiance is great. Chic, clean, and interesting. I think just about everything on the menu sounded awesome.  However, I can only eat so much (politely) in front of cultured people.  We started with the homemade meatballs that come with toasted parmesan bread. The marinara was simple and delicious and the bread toasted to perfection for placing meatballs.  I ordered the Giovanni pizza {prosciutto di parma, seasonal fruit, wild arugula, fontina, fresh herbs, shaved parmigiano-reggiano) which had honeydew melon as it's current seasonal fruit.  I'm not sure you can ever go wrong with prosciutto and melon, plus I was looking for something light and fresh for the summer, so I went with it.Total awesomeness. The crispness of the melon was amazing with the saltiness of both the prosciutto and the parmigiano-reggiano.  The arugula also added a lovely pepperiness to the pizza. I could eat it all day long (and I did eat it cold for lunch the next day for lunch).For dessert, we had the special which was a slice of "brownie" with gelato, and caramel drizzled over it.  It was very dense and chocolatey.  It wasn't "blow my mind" amazing but I enjoyed it nevertheless.Go! You won't regret it.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,8/16/2012,16,105,,6,3>How much really, can you do with a burger.   It's not french quisine, its not something that you just can't get in any town in America.    But damn, these are really good.   Yah, call em a scam.   Red bull is half the drink, twice the price  but now and again, a red bull is spot on for what a fella needs.     I keep finding myself going back and eating these tiny delicious burgers with a flavor I don't get anywhere else.   My wife is the toughest critic in the world.    Even she loves Marley's.    it's got the best atmosphere for my money in 3 counties.    The fries are great.    I normally get the handsome rob, but I've tried them all.  My wife won't budge off the turkey slider.    Last week I tried the Pork wing BBQ and I think I'll get that a lot.   Plus, this place is recycled history.    While you're waiting for your meal to cook, just let your eyes wander.   The neon, the geneva steel beams.  I find myself just drinking it in, because when this kind of stuff goes, its gone.   Its everywhere here, and I love it.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,8/15/2012,496,962,3,8,3>I can't say enough good things about Big Deluxe Tattoo. The place is fun and hip, but is also super clean and comfortable. The artists here are very honest about what they can do, what they specialize in, and what they won't do. If they're not completely confident in their ability to pull off a certain look or style for you, they'll tell you. And they'll recommend a different artist that would be better suited to bring your vision to life.Christian Buckingham did my tattoo and I humbly say that it's the coolest ink anyone ever saw, anywhere, anytime. If and when I ever get my 2nd tat... I will mos def get it done at Big Deluxe.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/14/2012,172,109,6,2,3>I have to admit that I've been whoring for a new place to get my hair cut for some time now.  Well, actually since the great recession when Sister Holland told me I had to choose between coffee and a half-Franklin 'do.  I opted for staying medicated.   I'm not sure any of us could have survived the choice had I opted for the latter.  Really, though, it was our experience in Boise, of all places, that got me hooked on looking for a real old time barbershop here in Salt City.  I wonder how many of you can actually remember the fear of walking into such a place as a child; I can.  The trauma of it all raises thoughts so fearsome they run akin to calling your recently deceased grandmother with a Ouija board-something else we did when I was much younger.  And the trauma of both of those experiences is such a part of my psyche that even my therapist refuses to channel them to the surface.  This should give you an inkling of just how addicted to caffeine I am that I'm willing to venture into linoleum-tiled shops with whirring clippers, blue jars of antiseptic, and the probability of having my ear almost shorn off again just to save thirty bucks (notwithstanding a tip).  But honestly, after my haircut in Boise where the shop was easily twice my age, so like 50 years old (yea right), it was a refreshing experience to get a simple hair cut.  When I cook, I tout the simplicity of the meal prepared perfectly, and here I am only now embracing such simplicity with something so personal.   And I had to have more.  So, I did what any Felper would do and looked to my friends for inspiration.  And there, I found Ray's. Ray's is old and it brings back memories that perhaps aren't so positive and likely the reason I ended up at swanky salons for the past decade getting my hair coiffed.   And as you walk in and startle the receptionist from her book so you can get a cut, you're reminded of just how down to earth this place can be.   There's a couple containers of creams and jells for sale, and old photos of traumatized children and old men getting shaves.  There are old squeaky chairs and noisy clippers and some sports game on the TV.   And when you finally sit down in the chair and tell the really handsome guy who's sizing you up how you want your cut today, you realize just how darn fine he is and remember that you probably shouldn't post his name here 'cause he'll probably cut your ear off the next time you show up.  But you can finally relax and perhaps slay some of those old childhood demons while you fantasize...
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/13/2012,63,274,,4,2>Ganesh is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the valley, and is just celebrating its 5th year in business.  I don't even recall how my wife and I first found out about Ganesh, probably just one of those 'ooh new Indian place' whims as we drove past and we tried it and loved it.  They hadn't been in business long at the time and we've put a lot of people onto them over the years and still like to enjoy it a couple of times a month.Me personally, I could almost live on Indian food and need nothing else.  I've tended over the past couple years to just get takeout from Ganesh - not because there's anything wrong with the service at the restaurant, it's always great, more that they have such great portions on takeout orders if you order the Thali (more on that in a second) and the extra bits we tend to add you can literally feast on it all day at your leisure!If my wife calls in to order takeout, they instantly know her by name, and our standard order (yeah, we know what we like from Ganesh! lol).  No matter how many times we have it, it's always consistently wonderful, very exotic and flavorful.So what is this Thali thing?  I believe it's meant to imitate the courses of a traditional Indian dinner.  If you have it in the restaurant the sides are pretty small, but come arranged around your main entree in little metal cups, it's really cool.  You get more with take out though even with two people ;)Basically it consists of:- Lentil based soup...which is wonderful, we've tried to make it at home and can't get close.- A side of the vegetable curry special that day.  I've never had one I didn't love, there's several different ones they do, so it's fun to see which you get - there's none either of us dislike, and one that is just to die for!- Raita, which is basically a spicy onion/pepper based yogurt type condiment/dip, which my wife can't stand - so I get all of it!  I use at as my cool down ironically (I LOVE hot food).- Choice of Main Entree - we've had a few different ones, but we're getting kind of boring on that these days and tend to just get the Chicken Tikka Massala since it's just so delicious and creamy.  The Sag's and Rogan Josh there are fantastic also, we just got into the habit of our regular order.- Basmati Rice.- Naan Bread (we get regular but I think you can choose whichever variety you want).- Desert - which also can be one of many things, the Julab (sp?) balls in syrup are our favorite, but they have a good rice pudding too.  There's a couple I'm not too much of a fan of, but honestly, that's not the highlight for me.On top of that, we always order Papadum's (Lentil Wafers) which I love, and essentially I trade one of those (1/4 of the order) for the equivelant amount of the Naan with the wife, since she loves that!   We also get the Samosa's (which come in 2's, you can have vegetable or Lamb, but they will do one of each, which is good - since I love the lamb, wife prefers the vegetable one).They will also do it to any amount of spice level you want, mild, medium or hot.  Wife likes medium, I have a special agreement with them where hot means 'very hot' or 'Indian hot' and they oblige!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/12/2012,22,64,4,3,4>Yep. Still a five star establishment. Wanted to throw a shout of to Nichole P. for putting in her two cents. I believe what she was trying to say was...The little angels workers who tirelessly work day in and day out delivering only the finest ingredients that will ultimately culminate on our tongue take the bountiful gift from the man upstairs known here on earth as vanilla ice cream and strategically place them upon a bed of utter bliss aka a chocolate chip cookie. To add to the amazingness of it all they then grab another chocolate chip cookie and lay it upon the cream thus delivering an explosion of deliciousness as it twirls and dances upon your tongue with each bite. Yeah, that was what I thought she meant. Place is still awesome. Still a great value. Recently Ive been sticking to the same cookie for both the up and downstairs of my 'which. Nice change up and provides a delicious consistent flavor. Oh, and the red velvet cookie. OMG that 'ish CRAY!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,8/11/2012,27,48,,5,2>I really like this pub. I've been here about 6 times and have had excellent food for cheap each time. They have a daily special and each one is a really good deal. I like going on Wednesdays because I love their $0.33 wings. The wings are smoked and really well seasoned and I could eat them every day. They're super tender and really moist, have I mentioned that they're delicious? They have an excellent selection of bbq sauces, I kind of like to mix them up until I've made the prefect sauce. I also recommend the ribs, I think they're a dollar each on Mondays.They also have good prices on beer. Today I was drinking Modelo tall boys and they were only $3 each. I had a dozen wings, 2 tall boys, and a bottle of Stella and my tab was $15. They also have free pool, free foosball, and the jukebox is free. I also like coming here to watch a game, they have lots of flatscreens and it's never really noisy like a lot of other pubs. I highly recommend this place!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/10/2012,51,331,3,7,6>Unique. Quirky. Bizarre maybe? I think the name "Pirate O's" sets the stage well for what you're about to experience.It's hard to accurately describe Pirate O's without experiencing it first hand. You know from the minute you pull in to their gravel lot and see a run down BMW Isetta on their porch that you're in for a unique experience.Cheese, Chutney, and Chocolate--they have the three C's down pat. A wide selection of chocolates makes it easy to find a unique bar to impress dinner guests or enjoy at home. They have an entire walk in cooler dedicated to various cheeses, butters, sodas, and meats. Take a coat because you're going to be in there exploring for a while. They also have a huge selection of hot sauces and salsas. I'm convinced it's one of the largest selections in the state.But where Pirate O's really thrives is in their selection of rare and difficult-to-find foreign products. Ever had an Aero Bar, Crunchie, or CurlyWurly? No? Well now's your chance. They stock unusual sodas and beers from various parts of the world. If you're looking for an ingredient or product you haven't seen anywhere else in SLC, chances are good if you give Pirate O's a call they have it.A year or so ago they added a fresh sandwich deli to the shop. They put a unique spin on the traditional paninos and cold sandwiches by adding various ingredients from the shop. I had a panini spread with a hazelnut chutney, and it was delicious.Employees will stay out of your hair but are super helpful should you ask them for advice.So give them a try. I can guarantee that you'll leave there with something you haven't seen for ages or something you've never tried before.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,8/9/2013,86,172,3,6,4>Oy to the fifth!  One oy for each star! A Jewish Deli in the midst of  Salt Lake sounds like an oxymoron.  But for Jews who are from NYC (as my husband is), or those who grew up with a bubbe (grandma) making "the best ____ " (fill in the blank), who know what JEWISH RYE BREAD should taste like; and have grown up with Katz's or Carnegie in NY,  Feldman's is awesome.  "If I take a bite, close my eyes, I can imagine the rattle of the subway train...."First, we order a knish.  Served steaming hot, this is a potato and onion filled pastry of a decent size.  Glazed with egg white and sesame seeds, this could be a vegetarian's full meal.  True knish lover's wish for a knish this delish!  (Couldn't help myself.)Then, we ordered lunch.  Yeah, it's guy sized sandwiches, with meat imported from the big guy in NYC; it's a quantity of great quality.  So, no, you won't pay chain restaurant generic GMO laden food prices.  Expect  to pay  $11.50-$12.50 for a sandwich - but look at those photos!  These sandwiches are packed with flavorful goodness.   The pastrami on rye - OY!  This has got to be the tastiest Pastrami EVAH!  Only a shmendrik would think otherwise!   Here is what you need to do: Go to Feldman's with a group of friends.  Have everyone order something different.  And make it a taste fest.  Don't forget to ask for an extra napkin or two because you'll most certainly get schmutz on your face while trying the sloppy Joe.And like your bubbe said, "Save room for dessert." Because they've got authentic NY Cheesecake and Carrot Cake and Chocolate Cake. Service: Fabulous.Chat with owners: Awesome!  (We need you guys up in Park City!) Decor: Way cool.  Design students, check this place out. Zat.  (Satisfied.)  I'll be back.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,8/8/2013,161,113,1,5,3>Dr. Foster and his staff are the best! They took very good care of my chihuahua, Katie, during the last years of her life. His holistic approach to medicine is wonderful and the original reason I sought him out. They are relatively quick to get in to, usually same or following day with an appointment, and I felt that his prices were reasonable for the services rendered.In January I brought Katie in after noticing she was taking in a lot of water and beginning to lose weight. They kept her at the clinic all day for testing and urinalysis, then the doctor informed me that Katie has diabetes and gave me multiple options for treatment with realistic expectations of outcomes. Last week, we ended up putting Katie to sleep. It was a hard decision to make but Dr. Foster was reassuring that it was the right time and she felt no pain.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2013,8/7/2013,4,55,2,3,1>Service was great. Our waiter, Tom, was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. We were seated in the back in some sort of converted porch. I was surprised that it was plenty warm. We ordered the Pork Belly. It was so wonderful with the onion chutney and brie. I am normally not a fan of brie but with this, it was great.  I see pork belly on cooking shows all the time but I have never had it before. So ... while not an expert by any means, I can tell you it was yummo. The scallops were good as well but slightly underdone for me. I've had them at the Wild Rose before and they were fantastic so I am guessing this was a fluke. I has a special swordfish with lemon burre blanc (sp?) sauce. It was very tasty and cooked well. Husband had the elk. Neither of us had had that before but it was also good and very tender. The mushroom sauce that came with it was good as well. The only negative was that, as with the Wild Rose, they serve the same ol' veggies with every entree. They are good but it's always the same. They should change it up a bit. Not a cheap dinner but not crazy - at least not to us. We had 2 drinks 2 appetizers & 2 entrees for $134. We will go back and this time, save room for dessert.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/6/2013,221,489,2,6,2>I'm not sure why it them moving to a new location for me to finally visit Sugarhouse BBQ. I mean, I am a fan of the smoked meats and it's not too far away from me. But there I was, finally, one Saturday night with a group to celebrate a good friend's birthday.My husband and I got there a little later than everyone else, because I was stuck at work (when Cedar City breaks their one day rainfall record, it means overtime for me!), but we found our posse in the vault (I guess this used to be a bank) and quickly got our drink orders in. I was tempted by the extensive cocktail menu (and did try a few that others in the group ordered, all very good) but ended up with a glass of white wine.The menu is pretty extensive with all the BBQ favorites, some tasty sounding sandwiches, and even a few Cajun dishes. I got a half rack of ribs (because ribs!) and, based on the suggestions of the waitress, mac and cheese and cucumber salad. My husband ordered the turkey salad sandwich with cole slaw and a side of jambalaya (so he could see how it compared to his recipe, which is AMAZING you guys). So, the verdict. The ribs were very good: tender and well seasoned. The sides were also very flavorful. I didn't leave anything left on my plate. My husband loved his sandwich and was pleasantly surprised by the jambalaya. No, it's not as good as his (what is?) but they did a nice job. Very well seasoned. Usually restaurants love to bland up that dish. Everyone else in the group really liked their orders. I also appreciated the selection of sauces, and was particularly impressed by the mustard sauce.I've seen some complaints about service in other reviews, but our server was great. She knew the menu well and had great recommendations. The prices weren't too bad and I dug the atmosphere. I've now met several BBQ restaurants here in Utah that get this Texan's seal of approval (not that I'm a BBQ, but you know). Very nice.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,8/5/2013,1710,637,6,8,5>Not a gringo in sight, check. English speaking server for my benefit, check. Telemundo playing on the flatscreen, check. Decent chips and salsa(s), check. I ordered pozole (misc pork meat and hominy in their own lovely broth, with finely diced onions, cilantro, cabbage, jalapeno, and limes x4), and Milanesa con papas. Where has pozole been all my life?! To tell you the truth, it kind of reminded me of what I wish pho broth actually tasted like. If you order a cup, it's actually a nice sized bowl of hearty soup. Next time, I'm just getting pozole. The Milanesa was delicious. I made two discoveries. Milanesa is best friends with lettuce/salad. And, Milanesa is best friends with refried beans. Light, perfectly seasoned breading, and a thin piece of misc beef. DELICIOUS. Can't wait to eat the leftovers!Sidenote: on Telemundo, they had this semi-gruesome show about a lady who goes cuckoo and kidnaps another woman (for what reason, I'm not sure) and lays out these torture implements to hurt and, I'm thinking, eventually kill the woman. I saw a pick-axe, some surgical scissors, a knife, and some other things I didn't recognize. Made for an interesting end-of-meal experience. Service at the end was a bit on the slow side, due to the server also being the cook. A lady helper walked in a bit later in the meal, but never emerged to help in the dining room.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,8/4/2013,2,17,,2,2>How many people whose businesses you frequent remember your name? How many of them remember your DOG'S name? Paw Paws does.This place is wonderful for so many reasons. First and foremost is their staff--so friendly, helpful, and warm! I love their reasonable prices, extensive selection of high-quality dog food, clean facilities, etc. They take pride in what they do and it shows. We'll be monthly customers for as long as we're living in SLC!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,8/3/2013,53,108,2,2,2>Great little burger joint. Don't be intimidated by all the bikers. It shares a location with a Harley dealership but that actually adds to the mystique of the place. The building is actually made from reclaimed materials from an old local work site.Their sliders are amazing. Two is a perfect amount with a side (for a dude, my wife had one with fries and that filled her up) of shoe string fries. Their onion rings are very good too. They also have a food truck that you can hire them to come and cook your burgers on site. Great little set up that gets tons of business from local workers.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,8/2/2013,6,32,1,7,3>I was very impressed by Cowabunga Bay.  Still was feeling a bit hesitant as to the water park idea, after having an insanely bad experience at Seven Peaks.  My boyfriend talked me into going, however, and we both had a blast.First, I have to say that  the staff at the park is awesome!  They have the answers to the questions you ask, and are super friendly.  They actually smiled and seemed like they were enjoying their jobs.  When I told guest services how impressed I was, they made a point to tell me to email so that my opinions could be passed on to the owner.    When it comes to the equipment, the slides are fun and feel safe.  There are no extra charges telling you to rent tubes to use the slides.  Everything is well maintained, and it really feels like a play ground as you climb up to reach the slides, vs. just climbing stairs.  The dunk buckets are fantastic, as are all the fountains, waterfalls, and other gadgets you get to play with.  In another review they said the park was small... but honestly bigger isn't always better.  They've made awesome use of a small plot of land, and have as many slides as some of the bigger parks where they spread the slides further apart.  They really seem to have put a lot of thought into creating a fun environment, and in being sure to take care of the customers.  Very fun, and family friendly.  Tons of kids slides, as well as for the grown ups.  You don't have to pay money through the nose like at the other parks for everything from parking, tubes to renting a beach chair.  It's just all provided. The entrance fees are less than the other parks, if you were paying out of pocket.  We've decided that next year we'll be investing in the season pass, since if we go four times, it's paid for itself.  Highly recommended.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,8/1/2013,69,155,,2,1>Bison burgers are very good--best burger I've tried there. Meat is very tender and seasoned well. Compared to the cafe on Antelope Island that sells buffalo burgers, they're twice as good and almost just half the price. Elk burgers are pretty good, but not as juicy and tender. Hamburgers are good, but the buns are huge compared to the meat they put on it. I will always get a bison burger every time I go there and probably never try another hamburger--not because the hamburgers are bad, but just because the bison burgers are just better.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,7/31/2013,0,53,,2,2>For some reason I haven't stopped in at Whispers until now (I think during the school year it's crowded with college students), but it was a lovely experience! A Friday morning and my friend and I were the only ones in the place - plenty of seating inside and out, big tables, wonderful coffee (and you can get for-here mugs which is a definite plus in my view). It seemed tidy and clean (not sparkling, but definitely on par with local Starbucks). The barista was very friendly, and when I asked for a to-go cup for my half a cup that I had left, she filled it to the top, no charge. A wonderful touch that made me want to come back!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,9/25/2011,105,420,,8,3>I had to drive up from Orem last night because they were doing Italian Beef. That's a Chicago staple most people don't seem to know about. They just know pizza and hot dogs. Italian Beef is all about the sliced roast beef marinated in spices and the juice the sandwich is dipped in. It's what a french dip would be if done right. The version here was a little weak in the spiced beef, but only in comparison to Chicago's best. They had the buns flown in. It tasted really good dipped with the Giardiniera on it..In Chicago there are two types of deep dish pizza. Ike Sewell created the original at Pizzeria Uno. There are strong arguments that Rudy Malnati actually came up with the recipe. His son Lou worked with him and later  created the local chain Lou Malnatis. These days they really carry the torch for the deep dish style. Pizzeria Uno and Due are not what they were in the 70's when I ate there the most.In the 70's there was what we call the upstarts that created the stuffed pizza at Giordano's Pizza and now famous at Gino's East too. We always felt it was the pizza for the tourists. However, after 40 years now it's a real Chicago pizza in it's own right. This is the pizza they serve here. The stuffed style. They do a very good job on it.When we showed up, this time, it had just stopped raining and it was very overcast. We sat at the outside tables because we had our small dog with us. By the time we got our food, most of the outside tables were full. Everyone was having a nice time. The view from the outdoor tables is great and they pipe the music out back too. There are only a few great pizza places along the Wasatch front. This is one of them. If you don't like the stuffed pizza here, you probably won't be wowed in Chicago either.One note. I haven't said anything about is the thin crust. I've not tasted it and can't give an opinion. It looks good and people were enjoying it, but I already have places I like the thin crust. This is the only place with deep dish that actually delivers the goods. The last note. When I was young I only remember three choices for the pizza at Uno. Small, medium and large. It was all about the sausage. If you want to be old school when you order, just get the stuffed pizza with double sausage.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,9/24/2011,39,28,,5,4>This is a relatively small farmer's market and the same vendors show up every week.  With that said though, we have never gone wrong with any of the produce we have purchased.  I especially recommend stopping to pick up some salt and pepper corn from the Schmidts.They usually have some live music (for at least a few hours) - a local band or solo performer.Because of its location, there is plenty of parking.  All of the booths/stalls are close so you won't wear yourself out having to walk a ton.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,9/22/2011,22,64,27,11,11>There once was a yelper named Scottwho heard of a new place that was hothe got in his carand didnt drive farto give this new place a shotIt isn't all bison, nor is it all beefits mixture of both and good on my "teef"I ordered bombdiggity name is quite wittyeven serve custard with a bar named heathThe food is real tasy, it is very freshFrom ranch to store quickly, isnt that presha tad bit more healthy my belly more wealthyoh wait, my large custard sesh..Place is real new, open til tenyes ill go back, but dont know whenservice was little slowmade my appetite growi ate too much no abdomenThere is also great seatingIf you have people your meatingi went with one was super funtil another showed up am I cheating?Also have salad, chillis, fries and hot dogall tout beefalo, which means no hogfamily owned, great insideno drive up get out yo' ridetrudge through the weather, even the fogThis was supposed to be a limerickbut i cant figure the trickplease try this placego shove your faceyou are my hero even my maverick
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,9/21/2011,172,109,33,11,11>Wanna know why only 4 stars?  Cause they let my fabulously gay partner drive off the lot in a friggen silver Camry.  Granted, he got zero percent interest (read the TD Nissan review for a frame of reference) and a great deal on our Pilot trade-in.  And seriously the deal was done in like 3 hours.   I had to stealth bike down there just to see what he was looking at. I was so mad at the Nissan dealer, I told him I wouldn't even go over to Mark Miller.  I should have.  You can see me driving all over town in our new Camry.  Oh, wait, I look like every other middle-aged white man in Utah.  I could pass for your Bishop.   Can you imagine, a pair of racially diverse gays tooling around town in a Camry!?!  It's so sad.  As we get closer to the rights we all think we want, we assimilate into the population and buy Camrys for zero percent interest.  I am not practical.  But if you want a pain-free car buying experience this is the place.  Maybe we'll get some family stickers for the '93 4Runner.  Enough said.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,9/20/2011,496,962,1,9,8>This place does a great job in a nearly impossible situation. There are so many homeless and discarded pets. It's sad. They are wonderful with finding new homes for these animals.The Humane Society is where I always take the smallest members of our family to get their vaccinations. It's a great deal and you just have to stop by durning walk-in hours. I took MOJO in there today and we were in and out in less than 10 minutes! Impressive!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,9/19/2011,85,34,8,8,7>Absolute Perfection. The best Mexican food in Utah without a shadow of a doubt.The Red Iguana... where to start? How about location. It's not exactly in a great part of town, but the fact this place is always teeming with people kind of gives you that "safety in the herd" kind of feel. You know you won't get mugged because there is typically a large assembly of folks waiting both inside and out to get seated. The decor is simple and timeless. Red Iguana doesn't try to be hip, yet they manage to do so. Their staff is friendly, stay on top of your drink refills, and are extremely knowledgeable of the menu items and how everything is prepared.On to the food - the reason this place has earned it's well-deserved reputation as the best of the best. I wish I could say I have tried all of their mole's, but the fact that I am so desperately in love with their black mole has kept me from branching out and trying the others. It's a long drive for me so I cannot eat here as often as I'd like so when I am here I insist on ordering that which I love. I simply do not have the words or writing skill to describe how amazing Red Iguana's mole is. I can tell you I have woken up in the middle of the night craving it. In fact, my mouth is watering as I type this. The flavor is so ingenious I can only surmise it is a generational recipe which has been perfected over a very long time frame - perhaps centuries. Every single ingredient only adds to the overall perfection of it's flavor. I have had the good fortune of sampling other Red Iguana offerings by inviting myself to various dates or friends plates of food. I can tell you their tacos and fajitas are top notch. The beans and rice are not excessively bland like other Mexican restaurants. And they make some pretty solid Margaritas and have a great assortment of mixed drinks and beers.If you have not eaten at Red Iguana yet I encourage you to bookmark this restaurant and come here ASAFP.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,9/18/2011,29,127,2,8,5>For me to give 5 stars, it takes a little somethin' somethin'.  Siegried's has a little somethin' somethin'.  I was just saying the other day that I wish SLC had an every day German restaurant and  Spanish tapas restaurant. One down, one to go.Siegfried's was a much better experience than I expected. I went thinking it was going to be a tiny operation with more meats than menu items.  My grandparents are German and going here allowed me to pay homage to my heritage by eating qualify German food i.e. wienerschnitzel, spaetzle, sauerkraut, and applestreudel.  Are you kidding me?  This place is legit.  It was like walking through a transporter straight to Germany.  Loved it. This place needs to be much higher on the Yelp restaurant ranking.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,9/17/2011,46,98,,3,2>Tucked away in the Sugarhouse shopping district, the Yellowfinn is a delicious bite of sushi that I had yet to experience til recently.  After checking out the menu and being delivered my Sapporro (because it's physically impossible to come to a sushi joint and NOT order one) I dove into my Jalapeno Poppers, which were absolutely amazing.  I decided on a Rainbow Roll, which seemed expensive but when it was delivered I soon realized why.  The rolls served here can be easily twice as big as rolls I've ordered at other restaurants.  The roll was well prepared and just as tasty as it was big.For dessert we went for the Tempura Banana, which was good but not exactly awe inspiring.  All in all the Yellowfinn is a nice joint to pick up some pretty pricey but pretty good sushi.  Just skip the dessert.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,9/16/2011,21,50,,6,5>I am very surprised I am the first to review Ray's. I learned about Ray's from Twitter and I have not been disappointed. I go to Ray but I know that there are many other barbers there who get very good marks from their regular clients. Just today, I was discussing with Ray all of the U of U football players who go there in addition to most of the basketball coaching staff.Ray takes appointments but he usually has 1 or 2 barbers handling walk ins. Ray is a classic barber who does a great job. He remembers his clients, uses a straight razer for your neckline, and has great haircuts for about 13 dollars.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,9/15/2011,50,38,3,4,3>This is, without a doubt, the best coffee in town.  liquid gold, people.  Nothing fussy about this joint, just a local place where I can get fabulous, top-notch, non-bitter coffee.  Joe, the barista is a sweetheart.  I have seen giant acts of kindness from him that only increase my urge to support this local shop.  Do yourself a favor, quit drinking that rocket fuel from Starbucks or the like, and start drinking Intelligentsia (or equally high quality) coffee at Nobrow.  While rough around the edges, I couldn't give a rat's patoot, because the coffee is transcendent.   Do it.  mmmm......
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,3/16/2011,106,206,4,7,6>HEART THIS PLACE!Fresh Asian veggies with a terrific selection.  Random Asian goods that aren't even in some Ranch 99's in CA.  Big meat section in the back with cuts and types of meat and fish I wouldn't know what to do with.  And the brand of frozen wontons and mini pork buns that my husband and I subsisted on before we moved to Utah. SCORE!Now only if they carried maeda-en green tea ice cream....(Same plaza as a state liquor store!  Isn't that convenient?)
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,3/15/2011,1710,637,3,8,4>06.16.10 first visitambience: Ai can safely say, i've never seen a more perfectly designed/conceived pastry shop in my entire life. my dough girl comes close, however, it's uncanny how well designed this shop is. service: A-nearly flawless in politeness, accommodation, and knowledge. as i was taking photos of the place, i felt bad about possibly getting in the way of customers who were coming in at a steady clip. one attendant didn't look very happy about my activity. the other was just happy as can be. NOTE: i really cased this joint. the photos below are just 'some' of the photos i took. ;) food: B+i'm not really a huge 'cake' fan. but i CAN appreciate a well made, moist, off-sweet piece of cake any day. that said, the cupcakes were nearly mind-blowing, but not quite. carrot cake cupcakei think you'd be hard pressed to find as much grated carrot in any other carrot cake cupcake from another bakery. the cake itself is not too sweet, which i like, but the frosting more than made up for it. that said, YOU will love the combo. i, on the other hand, would just prefer to eat the cupcake and ditch the frosting. red velvet cupcakei was really excited to try this cupcake. i appreciate red velvet cakes. shockingly enough, i enjoyed the frosting more than i enjoyed the red velvet cupcake. the chocolate didn't really come out in this cupcake. HOWEVER, if i had just eaten the cupcake and not the frosting, the result would have been different, in my mind. i would have been able to taste the chocolate. but that's just speculation on my part. ;)overall: B+ a very high B+ for a good experience taking this to 4 stars. i may not be the best judge of cupcakes, because they are not my 'thing'. but i'm assuming YOU will LOVE this place and it's wares, because cupcakes are most likely you're 'thing'.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,3/14/2011,375,534,10,8,4>Your friends have probably been raving about this place ("Omg, you have to try the kouing aman!  It is amazing!!")  And you know what?  They were totally right. The kouing aman (pronounced koo-ing a-mon, as I was instructed) is like a cracked-out sugar croissant. Basically, if a palmier cookie made sexy time with a croissant while they were both smoking crack-- 9 months later you'd have a kouing aman. Like many other patrons, I got the sesame chicken wrap, which is basically chicken salad wrapped in lettuce leaves wrapped in Vietnamese rice paper with a sweet-tart dressing.  It was good.Beware: this might be pricier than what you're used to. But hey, you pay for what you get, right? Do yourself a favor: don't miss out on the kouing aman.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,3/13/2011,68,80,8,5,3>Right now, I am banned from the Bayou (I banned myself) because of one single, heaven-in-your-mouth appetizer: the Sweet Potato Fries. Every time I go to the Bayou, I only eat sweet potato fries for my entire meal. Don't go 50/50 with the fries... that's a mistake! If you do, you'll soon realize that no measly normal french fry could ever match up to the taste of the sweet potato fry. Not only will you be disappointed with your choice, you will dream of the fries that could have been. Anyways, by the time I lick off the last of the runt fries from my plate, an all-consuming guilt sets in and I immediately regret my inability to make good decisions. I'm sure this plate as a meal is extremely bad for your health. In an effort to set my body back on a healthy track, I always finish my meal with the delicious organic beer, Pinkus... because that cancels out the fries, right? Right, I know. You don't have to confirm. Honorable mentions: Popcorn Crawfish and Artichoke Pizza Important notes: Great atmosphere, great bar, and late hours!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,3/12/2011,50,142,,5,3>Noodle variety is what you get at La-Cai noodle house. You can get traditional Vietnamese dishes like soups and buns, while also enjoying a Chinese noodle fare. What is also good here are the drinks-- all freshly made in-house. I had a taste of the most delicious lime-aid. I've brought foodies here and picky eaters, they have all enjoyed the taste, flavor, and service at La-Cai. I highly recommend a visit.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,3/11/2011,51,331,1,19,10>You ever go to a place where you walk in and immediately feel at home? Where the employees smile at you and actually make you feel like they are glad to see you? For me, that place is the 9th South Deli.This deli is located in a refurbished home just east of Great Harvest in the 9th and 9th area. The interior is hip and fresh, but not in-your-face trendy. I guess the best word to describe it is "classy."I walked into the deli about 5 minutes prior to closing time. By the way, they have strange hours--for example, they close at 4:05. When I asked the owner, Kathie, why they had those bizarre hours, she said they did it for people exactly like me: the last-minute walk-ins.Kathie is an absolute delight to speak with. Even though I was a late-comer, she welcomed me in and told me all about their food. I'm glad she pointed out some of the most popular dishes, because their very busy menu board was a little too much for me to be able to digest. This isn't your normal deli--they specialize in European deli items. I ended up selecting a knish and a small bowl of their matzo ball soup. She said that I should try the pastrami the next time I came in, because they looked all over the country for the perfect pastrami to offer.The knish was terrific. A blend of mashed potatoes, potato skins, garlic, a little sour cream, and other delicious items all surrounded with phyllo dough and baked in a large muffin tin. It was crispy and flaky on the outside and full of garlicy-potato goodness on the inside. They serve the knish with a side of mustard. I'm generally not a mustard fan, but their mustard is delicious.The matzo soup was tasty as well, with a very delicious broth. My only issue with the soup was that it seemed a bit oily. But to be fair, this was my first matzo ball soup, so I have no idea what the proper preparation is.The deli also has a wide selection of delicious chocolates, including Valrhona, Pralus, and Domori. They also have a wide selection of bottled drinks that are typically only found on the East coast. I found a bottle of Dr. Brown's cel-ray soda here, and after looking at a few places, I'm sure they're the only store in the State that carries it.Check this place out!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,3/10/2011,22,64,5,5,5>Yeah. "Yay! I'm a fan" pretty much says it all. Dans is like your reliable golden retriever who is always there for you. You know her personality, you know what to expect when you see her, you know what she is good, what she can and cant do, you know what she has to offer. Produce, bakery, deli, meat, floral, pharmacy, and Western Family. To me, its your average super market. When I think of supermarkets and what to expect out of them, I think of Dans. Just like the family pup, we all know what we think of when we think of Golden Retriever, thats my Dans. Lets talk produce.Great produce. Priced competitively with other stores. Doesnt spoil quick and I've honestly never had a bad apple. (FYI- I eat a lot of apples, 6 or 7 a week. You do the math. 7x4, 52 weeks carry the one take the radicand convert to scientific notation--okay got it. Yeah a lot) Meat, seafood, dairy, canned goods, health beauty, school supplies bird seed, magazines, P.H.A.T. pizza's - Dans has it. You'll get your occasional specials and really great deals with the case lot sales but overall, its got the bases covered. Staff is super friendly. Lady always ask me if Im enjoying the beautiful day. If evens its horrid, stormy, scary day, she never fails. That is always followed up with dum dum sucker with my receipt. Im being serious folks, dont believe me, go try it out. If youre looking for a place that will do what their supposed to, whether that be retrieve your tennis ball, provide some tlc after a rough day, or take a dump in the backyard because thats where they are supposed to, then Dans Super Market is your golden retriever and is your place for all your super market needs. I
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,3/9/2011,496,962,4,9,8>This is a very cool Germascandinavidutch deli and market.They've got a great selection of European imports, including candy, chocolate, cookies, cakes, curios, keepsakes and flags. The deli is fantastic. Tons of fresh sausages and imported cheeses abound. The prices are a bit high, but I think their vast selection makes up for it.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,3/8/2011,49,92,5,6,5>This restaurant is a little hidden on 33rd south. I honestly never noticed it when I drove by and probably would've never dined there if my boyfriend's grandpa didn't recommend it. Great thing about this restaurant is that it's easy to find and has a roomy parking lot. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful, especially with all the paintings, architecture, decorations, and ambience. It falls within the size of a smaller restaurant but definitely great for business meals and special occasion celebrations.The customer service is great, my server was very quick and prompt, and she honestly went the extra mile to serve our dishes to us by pouring the sauces and scooping the food onto our plates for us. However, I can see that upsetting certain customers because some people like to grab their food on their own so they can decide what they want to eat and how much they want. The food was moderately delicious. It's nothing that made me go WOW but it's definitely something I wouldn't mind eating everyday. I still haven't found a place that makes fried eggrolls as good as my mom's, and this place wasn't able to change my mind either. The prices are reasonable and they offer combination meals if you're dining with a date or friend. Although their menu doesn't offer a range of food as big as some other Chinese restaurants, there's enough for you to savor your cravings over.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,3/7/2011,96,117,1,6,6>I recently visited Caputo's for the first time and sampled their cheeses and tried their Intro to Fine Chocolate class. It was pretty amazing how knowledgeable Matt Caputo was about their cheeses and their chocolates. I think they had over 200 types of cheeses, and though their cheese cave had some pretty funky things growing in it, it was really cool to see. The Intro to Fine Chocolate class was definitely an educational experience. Don't go thinking you're going to cook/experiment/learn how to bake with chocolate. It's all information but it was very eye opening. It was a little intense and a little long if you're looking for something a bit more basic, but we really enjoyed ourselves. And the market has some seriously awesome products--those gourmet chocolates with the gold flecking are pretty cool! I just wish the deli had been open later in the evening. We were pretty hungry!Oh, and definitely buy some of the fresh fire roasted tomatoes in the cheeses section. They are so good combined with a thin slice of manchego on a nice multigrain cracker. I'll be back for more! (Can't wait for the SLC Farmers Market!)
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,1/25/2012,50,38,5,4,3>I'm in love.  Previously, dough girl, this adorable shop on 3rd West in between 7th and 8th south is fabulous.  It is adorable and so is the staff.  It smells absolutely DIVINE in here.  They will give you GIANT samples of the cookies (but don't be a sample whore....nobody wants to take advantage of such an awesome sample system, and if they STOP giving these awesome sample because you took advantage of it, I will hunt you down).  On to the cookies.  The consistency is SPOT ON.  Buttery and just the right amount of chewiness. The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is because I'm kind of a cookie purest....I tried one of the new-fangled flavors, and well it was probably my fault. Just wasn't my flavor profile, but it was still totally tastey.  THAT BEING SAID, I am coming back for more cookies, because I think they really know what they are doing and I love it in there.After Bridesmaids, how can you NOT support a local bakery?!  What if the owner has to move in with her mother because she can't afford rent with her crazy-british roomates?!  Nobody wants that.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,1/24/2012,106,208,4,4,5>My sister and I were feeling particularly fatty the other day and decided it had been a while since we've had Moochie's.  I know I've been writing about a lot of fatty foods lately, but I have been in severe need of food therapy, soon to be followed by gym therapy. But in all seriousness, I think there are therapeutic effects from consuming copious amounts of fat.  Not that I'm condoning food therapy on a regular basis, but for certain bad days, nothing beats a moochie's philly.  Yes, it may have been featured on a certain Food Network television program, but it still deserves props for how good it is, despite not being in Philadelphia.  [If you can't tell, I have a certain disdain for Guy Fieri featured dives].  Anyways, get the philly.  It'll change your world, or at least expand your waist belt.  I hear the meatballs are fine, I mean, it is in their name I suppose.  But get the philly, with onions and mushrooms, and plenty of cheese, and if you so please, douse it with jalapeno sauce.  You'll regret it later, but it's so worth it in the moment.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,1/23/2012,45,107,3,8,3>Disclaimer: I know that pho is all the rage with you hipsters and foodies alike. I enjoy a good bowl of pho, though I can't really tell you which Vietnamese joints have the most authentic bowls of it. What I can tell you is that the Pho 33 serves up piping hot, flavorful pho. The service is great- the servers and owners are sincere, helpful and friendly. Yes, the outside of the restaurant is pretty fugly, however, the inside has been nicely updated, simply decorated and spotless. The bathrooms also are immaculate, and recently remodeled.In addition to yummy pho, yes, with actual ox tail, Pho 33 serves up a variety of tasty Vietnamese goodies. Also check out the noodle dishes.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,1/22/2012,158,120,3,6,4>I have been wanting to try this place for a while.  And I completely agree with Charles, it's clean and maintains a dive bar feel!We started with a couple of beers and the bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers (yes I am a firm believer in everything tastes better wrapped in bacon and this was no exception)  I was in heaven these things were so fabulous!  I wanted to go back the next day for these!  We then ordered burgers, I got the celestial and my friend the baconc cheeseburger.  Both of our burgers were so amazing, (gourmet style burgers at a dive bar? need I say it again?  I was in heaven, yes heaven in a dive bar) We decided to try the garlic rosemary and the cajun fries so we each ordered a different side.  I love garlic but I must have been on a spicy loving kick this day because the cajun's were the fries I could not stop eating!  I will be coming back here quite often and this is my go to now for a burger and fries!!!!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,1/21/2012,165,167,9,8,7>The wings have enough meat on them that they are worth eating, to me.  If I have to struggle with a wing, I'm usually not about to bother.  At my age, I've put  a limit to how much effort I'm willing to put forth in order to get meat in my mouth.  The wings are smoked in a wood fired smoker, and then charbroiled.  What this means, folks, is that you can totally write them off as diet friendly. They are delicious on their own, moist and flavorful, but they come with an assortment of sauces for you to try and to play with.  As previous reviewers said, some of the sauces are kind of boozey (Kansas City in particular) even for my taste.  The vibe is really cool, brick and galvanized steel on the walls, rough without trying too hard to be tough. I like that the bar is semi-removed from the big dining area, and there is a loungy space upstairs that doesn't have any windows. Take that however you'd like.I'm excited to come back here and try different things on the menu.  The specials are kind of ridiculously awesome, and they serve breakfast on Sunday afternoons because really? That's genius. Some of the menu items seem like they are still working through kinks, like the fries are apparently ever changing. I love fries, so I'm pretty much down with whatever, but I think this place would knock my socks off if they came up with a really fantastic signature french fry. (ps, guys- I like them thickish, with skins on).  Drink prices seemed very reasonable, among the offerings: $2 PBR drafts, and I think we all know that extra cheap PBR and delicious food are the marks of a place worth frequenting.They have karaoke on Wednesday nights. No comment.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,1/20/2012,197,177,,8,3>Support local!I miss the old location, it had a certain charm to it. That being said, Leger's serves up a simple, filling sandwich that is fresh and made with care. We always opt to build our own sandwich. I love the vegetable selection, esp the sprouts and avocado. I also love the fact that they offer miracle whip as a condiment. Last time I checked, the bread they used is from Stone Ground Bakery, a local company. Don't go in expecting some crappy chain sandwich, Leger's is quality, honest food. The half sandwich is plenty filling for C, while the whole is great for hungry K. Con: they serve Pepsi products and they are only open until 3pm or so.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,1/19/2012,306,148,,4,2>I've been to Frida Bistro twice. Once, as a customer dining in a group of 5. The second time as the event planner of the Frida Tweetup, a Twitter meetup and birthday party for myself. Because my dining experiences were different with each visit, I will give separate reviews.The first time I went with my husband and three friends. My friend Kevin had been there several times, and I'd been hearing him sing Frida Bistro's praises since they opened. We ordered a variety of appetizers - duck quesadilla, tuna ceviche, and hongos al ajillo - the most amazing mushroom dish I've ever tasted. My table mates imbibed on a variety of the signature spirits and margaritas, with unique combinations like cilantro pineapple and "The Erika." My entree was pollo poblano - free-range chicken in poblano crema with tres verdes rice and chipotle mashed potatoes. The presentation was artful and appetizing. For dessert we ordered three choices to share - pastal de mole cake,  flan de caramelo, and flan de chocolate con mole negro. All three were incredibly rich and delicious. With all this good food, yet no alcohol consumed, I literally left the restaurant intoxicated. Frida Bistro's motto is "Make love to the food," and I can honestly say that food was the best action of my evening (just don't tell my husband ;)The Frida Tweetup was a much different experience, but the atmosphere was perfect for the event I wanted to have. Stephanie opened up the restaurant for a Saturday lunch, and 35 were in attendance. It was a first-time experience for most attendees, and reviews were generally favorable. For this meal I ordered the queso fundito appetizer - the best cheesy queso dip I've ever encountered. Lunch was a turkey tamale with dark mole in crema mexicana, tres verdes rice, and fingerling potatoes. My birthday dessert was the flan do chocolate con mole negro, which was just as delightful as the first time.The staff was accommodating, helpful, and made the event one to remember. I will be back to Frida Bistro as often as I can. They tend to have some food items on rotation, and I definitely want to try everything on the menu.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,1/18/2012,24,80,2,3,3>Good god these are some amazing waffles!  My wife and I went here and I ordered the machine gun sandwich and she ordered a cinnamon waffle with strawberries.  The machine gun was phenomenal!  The fries were the best I have ever tasted, the sausage was superb and the bread was outrageous.  Obviously we both loved our food but, as is our custom, we tasted each others food and we promptly both ordered what the other had.  My wife ordered the machine gun, yes she is that awesome of a women, and I ordered a cinnamon waffle with this crazy cookie spread from Europe the owner had us try.  I do no even like waffles and I had to have one after tasting hers!  To top this all off, they had Mexican coke with real cane sugar, such a beautiful thing.Ok so that is the food.  In itself a real treat.  There is more to love about this place however, specifically the owner.  He is Belgian and he clearly loves his food.  He takes his time with each customer to explain the options and have them try the crazy cookie spread.  No rushing you through here.  Even if there is a line, he wants each customer to have great service.  Then he let loose with a fantastic statement that proved he was serious about food.  A woman asked for a waffle with raspberries and he apologized that they did not have raspberries right now because they were out of season and the ones he could get were not very good.  The woman laughed and gave him a little grief and he said "I am not going to serve crappy raspberries"  A simple statement that revealed a great deal about his business philosophy.  It brought a tear to me one good eye!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,1/17/2012,42,67,,5,2>Lived up to the hype!  The small sashimi plate, little mermaid roll, strawberry fields (sounded too sweet on paper but was great) were all perfection. The seared beef appetizer was slightly overcooked but still delicious, along with the pork belly and green papaya salad. Japanese Stout (which hubby chose by default because they didn't have the coconut) gelato was also surprisingly terrific.  This is my new fav sushi. As good as the sushi I've had in NYC and Hawaii, and in Utah...who knew?!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,1/16/2012,349,631,4,5,3>Everything seems a little blurry after going through a few pitchers beers that night, so I hope I can remember all the details.  We came here with a group of "mostly" guys to support the Yelp Eats event.   The group got a little too big for the patio, so we ended up sitting upstairs.  Our waitress for the night was excellent and she took very good care of us.Despite each of us choosing a single item from each of the category, there were waaaay too much food per person.  I got the Buffalo Wings, Brat Sandwich, and Chocolate Hazelnut Crepes, but I was pretty full after my appetizer.  (Perhaps the portion size were meant for you to threw up after drinking too much then start eating again? :P)  The Buffalo Wings were decent, and it was extremely sour like most places.  Brat Sandwich tasted good as well, but I thought it was a little too "cheesy".  For desserts, the Chocolate Hazelnuts Crepes was delicious, as the chocolate and nut flavors just mixed perfectly.As for beer, we tried the Bavarian, Viennese, and Cherny Bock.  The Bavarian was light and refreshing especially after adding lemon flavor to it.  Viennese had a dark roasting taste to it.  Cherny Bock is reserved beer for the manly men, and it is just wrong to not get the manly size for this beer.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/31/2013,105,420,2,7,6>I've refrained from a review because I know too many of the people here. Too many have been to my house for Cocktails. However, I've judged for enough of the awards you see in restaurants to know that -- even if a restaurant knows you're judging their food -- they can still put out garbage. I don't think the food is better because it's me. So -- what do I think?Spanish Tapas. Even though it may be a somewhat played out format in larger markets, most of the country doesn't live food like some of us. It's new to many. I've taken senior executives from larger markets here and they've loved it. I love that they are being honest to the style, with changes for the local market. I'm not expecting to find a traditional grilled octopus with lemon. I'm glad they do things with mussels. All the food has been excellent.Scott is a treasure. He makes the most of what can be done legally with cocktails. When I go to Portland it's at least two cocktails bars a night. There's so much going on. Even so, you could drop what Scott is doing into Portland and people would line up to get his cocktails.As much as I like Pago, this is the restaurant I want to go to of the pair. I think it is the perfect neighborhood restaurant. I just wish it was in my neighborhood.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,10/30/2013,121,176,2,4,2>I had a three-star experience recently and a four star experience a couple years ago. The recent experience was more of a fluke so I am rounding up. I don't remember the earlier experience enough to write a detailed review about it, but it was the all-you-can-eat pizza dinner that they do on Sundays. The pizza was delicious and service was great as far as I can remember.During the recent experience, a group of us from work were seated on the lovely new patio for lunch. The new patio is beautifully designed but it could have used a fan to keep things cool in the afternoon sun. The those sitting on the half of the table exposed to the sun really started sweating it out. Those of us in the shade were uncomfortably warm. So if any owners read this, just a suggestion to add some fans. Regardless, they were able to seat us immediately which was nice. As for the food, I ordered the pasta lunch special with house made noodles (a new addition to the menu advertised by our server). The pasta itself was clumped and grainy, possibly owing to a major rush in getting all our orders out (we were a table of 12, and the server mixed up a bunch of orders). The sauce was on the sweeter side of savory. We were there for two hours, long after the other patrons had left, owing to a new server that had been thrown into the fire with our large group. The manager kept coming out to apologize, and ultimately gave the group a 15% discount which was kind of her (but many in the group already had Yelp 15% discount pulled up on our phones...).All in all, I will probably be back. The food is good, the atmosphere is good, and the servers are nice. In the future, I will just stick to the pizza.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,10/29/2013,19,45,,5,2>This was a new restaurant I tried out for sushi. The bonus was there was also Korean food available, should one choose to have that or both.I had the Vegas, New York, and Mt Fuji rolls. My girlfriend went Korean and had the beef and tofu soup. Did I mention that ALL sushi was 50% off? I think there was some promotional thing going on and I'm not sure how long it'll last. The sushi was pretty good. I loved the fried Vegas roll. Crunchy and full of fishy goodness :) the other rolls were delicious, too. My girlfriend really enjoyed her beef and tofu soup. The best part was the tofu was in huge, soft chunks. This was different from many other Korean restaurants where there were smaller, cubed pieces of tofu in the soup. The place was sort of empty, but a few more patrons came in while we were there. Service was great. Also liked hearing some KPOP while I was scarfing down the sushi!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,10/28/2013,63,97,3,7,4>Insurance says I go to this hospital when I need a hospital, so I go to this hospital when I need a hospital more often than not. If you are not approved to go to an IHC hospital in the Salt Lake valley, this is probably the hospital you go too as well. The reality is that everyone is going to have a different hospital experience when you go. St Mark's staff is alright in my book. I have yet to have a bad experience. I do think that some of their scanning equipment could be updated (ahem, MRI machine) but what they have works and works well. I also think that their check in process is as efficient as it can be in the normal part of the hospital and ER alike. As you enter the ER area the patient is triaged and then taken back in the order of severity. Good practice St Marks, and I believe that most rational people would agree ... of course when you are the patient and get to wait to be seen most people are not super rational. My most recent visit was because of a late night fender bender and I was pleased with the timeliness of getting us seen, and the care we received. I also was pleased that my friend and I seemed to be the sanest people in the ER which proved to be epic in the people watching that ensued. Bottomline, this hospital is clean, the staff have always been friendly to me, I have always received good care, there is plenty of parking. What more can I say about them?
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,10/27/2013,68,229,3,5,5>I've been to the Wasatch Front Farmers Market for about the last four weeks in a row, and I just cannot think of a more pleasant way to while away a Sunday afternoon!  There are a surprising number of vendors selling a diverse assortment of items.  We've really enjoyed sampling salsas, hummus, bread, and cheeses.  A woman who sells delicious gluten-free baked goods is ever present.  Lots of jewelry and even an interesting stall selling outdoor furniture from reclaimed wood.  The vendor I keep returning to is a gentleman who sells jerky and makes a "Happy Puppy" variety that my dogs LOVE.  Everyone is very personable and willing to chat about their products.  Lots of people leave out water dishes for thirsty dogs, which is nice.The food is GREAT.  The only thing really missing is a really great dessert vendor.  I've eaten from several different carts, all of which I should probably review individually but I'll also tell you about them here so you know what's available.  Tamales Tito:  SO GOOD.  Try the mole tamales.  Fire and Slice: The veggie pizza was pretty decent, if a little expensive.  Off the Grid:  NEW FAVORITE FOOD TRUCK!  I had a caprese wrap with smashed potatoes today that was both delicious AND cost effective!  There are so many things on the menu that I want to try.Wheeler Farm is an excellent venue for this event.  It's well shaded!  There's a pavilion perfect for picnicking and a pretty good playground. Parking is ample.  The bathrooms are nearby and adequately appointed.  There is an ATM set up for your convenience. Opportunities for people watching abound. The atmosphere is wonderful.  A band plays every week, and they're generally very good.  There are baby animals, pony rides, and a climbing wall.  Farmers markets are a perfect embodiment of summer.  From the Great Dane rescue to the produce stands to the artists' stalls, The Wasatch Farmers Market at Wheeler Farm is fantastic.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,10/26/2013,69,142,,4,2>They can't seem to make up their mind with hours, so here is another review update (wouldn't want anyone to show up and they're closed!!). Now they open at 9am, which is a bit of a bummer for the early starters like myself. But I'm a sucker for jack Mormon as they definitely pull the best espresso on town, so jack mo, I forgive you. Again.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/25/2013,105,55,,6,4>The Tyler library in Midvale is a hidden little gem. It may not be fancy or modern or very big but it's wonderful. Because it's part of the Salt Lake County system you aren't limited to what they have on their own shelves. I rarely go in there just to peruse the shelves, but instead put books on hold through the website (which is fabulous) and then pick them up when they're ready. Once in there I'm always drawn to their Reader's Choice shelf and end up with an extra book or two that I hadn't intended on. Really you can never have too many books. They have a nice kid's section with places to sit and read and a few toys to keep the really little ones entertained. There are a number of computers that you can use (although depending on the time of day they might be fully of kids playing minecraft, but there's a 30 minute limit so even if they're all full you should get one quickly) and printing services. The librarians are wonderful, knowledgeable and always willing to help. The garden in the back in a perfect place to take 20 minutes to relax and read. There's almost never anyone back there, it's shaded and feels far removed from the rest of the world. One other great aspect is that they continually have programs for all ages going on. I've got two little kids so we've been to their story times, movie night, and craft sessions. I've also gone by myself to hear authors speak and listen to other presentations. I wish I had a friend who had a teenager so I could tag along for their cosplay nights.If you're in the Midvale area don't over look this library because of it's size it's really a perfect place for any book nerd.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,10/24/2013,46,405,5,10,3>What a great view. I had never been to Vuz. But this place is cool, however I doubt it will be around very long. Two visits on Friday nights and it's pretty sparse as far as patrons. It is gorgeous inside. Dimly lit, comfortable seating. There's a view of Salt Lake from every seat In the place plus a large patio area as well. However there was nobody to seat us on the restaurant side. So we were forced to the pub side which wouldn't be bad except management thought it would be a brilliant idea to have a live band playing as loud as humanly possible, destroying any hope of a conversation with friends or placing an order with your server without the use of pantomime. After about five minutes of sitting at an empty table our server brought us menus. The server was a kind woman who had lost her voice which made the already difficult task of placing our order over the blaring music that much more difficult. When we placed orders for last call it was obvious all the employees wanted to go home immediately by the way they cleared our dishes before we finished and commenced to play pool as the final three groups finished up.So why the four stars? Huge drink selection. They had beers that I had never heard of, however it would have been cool if more than half of them were actually available to order. The appetizers were fantastic. Spinach dip great, nachos OK, fonduta unbelievable. Also, free pool.I'd like to see this place survive past November. So management, please train your staff, whom are very kind by the way, to simply wait for patrons to finish and not try to push them out at closing. I know you close at one and want to go home, but dealing with stragglers is a big part of the business. Deal with it. Also, have your entire menu available or take it off the menu. What's the point of listing all these awesome drinks when you can't even order them? And for heaven's sake, please either get rid of the whole live band idea, or choose a more relaxing, less intrusive genre of music, and please turn the volume down. This is a great location and could easily be a long term, five star joint. But unless you make it more accommodating for conversation among friends and a slightly more inviting staff, I imagine you will continue to have low yielding weekends like the two I've experienced and you're doomed to go the way of Vuz.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,10/23/2013,109,387,,7,5>INITIAL WARNING COMMENT - I'm not into vegetarian stuff. I like meat, a lot, so I might not be the most fitting customer, or reviewer for this place. With that said.. review time.Located in a cool area of downtown SLC, Zest, right behind P.F. Chang's - has pretty much revolutionized the concept of modern feel, with bold food items, a great wine list, and some good entertainment.Going in, I did not know it was a vegetarian place. I tried to be open about it, and I'm so glad I did. The food items were so clever, and delicious. I had no problems not having meat at all. Plus the wine was DELISH. The avocado, the zuchinni noodles, goshhhh EVERYTHING.On Tuesday nights the house wine is 2 dollars off - which is nice.During the weekend they have great DJ's to spice up the night. Flash and Flare, their resident DJ won best SLC DJ of 2013 - award given by City Weekly (which is a pretty big deal in the SLC scene)Everyone should come to this place and give it a try.They truly blew me away with their modern concept, incredible service, and bold food items.Definitely a gem that should stick around.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,10/22/2013,159,264,,6,5>We stopped in for the soft opening last night and I must say that the food was wonderful.They provided us with a habanero and tomatillo salsa with chips upon arrival and the salsa was delightful.  Light, refreshing, tart and slightly sweet and not too hot.  We ordered the table side prepared guacamole and it was also well presented, fresh  (of course) and delicious.  We chose the Mole Poblano, which was thick, deliciuos, properly sweet and savory and the grilled pork was not overwhelmed and added a nice texture and flavor. The second entree was the Pescado con Pipian y Atole and the fish was well prepared and the crab and blue corn crust added a great flavor and texture.  As appetizers we ordered the fried plantains with queso fresco and the Flautas.  The chicken flautas were very good.  The smoke red pepper marinade gave it a great depth and flavor.  The plantains were also well prepared and the queso fresco and crema on top also added another depth to otherwise typically predictable dish at other places.  No desert tonight as it was a soft opening, but they gave us some complimentary churros and they were very nice and perfectly fried, not overdone.  This is a first review of a soft opening.  Service was predictably getting used to the new menu and new name and did quite well.  I give four stars now and can't wait to go back.  Chef Lake is returning somewhat to his roots in NYC and I see a bright future.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,1/25/2014,221,489,8,11,9>Let's talk about the supposedly super secret restaurant situated in the basement of this convenience store. I can't tell you much about Bodega itself, because I was just there for a minute to be handed a key to The Rest (the previously mentioned super secret restaurant) by some guy with a hipster mustache. It was the first of many hipster mustaches that night.So we get the key, open the door, and go down the stairs. The interior of The Rest looks about like you'd expect: dim with lots of dark wood. So many Edison bulbs. There was a record player with all the appropriate vinyl around it (Miles, Elvis, Dusty Springfield, etc.) One of the walls has a whole bunch of dead animal heads on it. I can see why the vegetarians are pissed.Our appropriately hipster hostess took our key and directed us to a small table in the corner. Our very enthusiastic waiter (who of course had a mustache) brought us water and menus and directed us to some of the highlights of the menu. In lieu of one of the $11 cocktails (which did look tasty, BTW), we went with a bottle of the "cheap" white wine. (No names here, just cheap, decent, or good.) It was a delightful Australian viognier, so cheap does not mean uninteresting.The menu was way more comfort food oriented than I was expecting, though I'm not sure what I was expecting. Vegetarians, if you weren't already scared away by the dead animals on the wall, you should stay away because there are no options for you here. For our appetizer, we went with the meat loaf, which were were told would be served cold. I was a bit skeptical, but my husband hearts meat loaf, so I was willing to try it. This was probably the best dish of the night. When cold, the meat loaf had kind of a pate flavor, and it was served with a very interesting homemade ketchup: chunky and kind of spicy. There was also a delicious mustard sauce. Jalapeno cornbread came out at the same time, which was moist and tasty, but not at all spicy. I got the shepherd's pie for my main course, which was a generous portion served in a metal bowl. Rich mashed potatoes, well seasoned ground lamb, a bit of kale. It was all very nice. Lots of black pepper on top of the cheesy crust, which I loved. If you don't love black pepper as much as I do it might be a bit much for you. My husband got The 36, which is a tasty reuben served with well done waffle cut potato chips. It was very well done (but not quite as good as some of the killer delis in town, who also don't charge $16 for the sandwich). We left the restaurant very full, no room for blueberry beignets. Service was very good, but it's definitely a slower meal. Don't head here if you're in a hurry because it takes awhile for the food to arrive. We loved the variety of music coming from the record player (Beastie Boys, Black Keys, Billie Holliday, Ralph Stanley, Prince, and some underground hip-hop I didn't recognize). The prices are high, yes, and maybe the whole thing is a bit pretentious. That being said, I had a great time and I'll definitely back. I hope this doesn't make me a hipster.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,1/24/2014,133,115,,5,2>Rotating guest restaurant every Monday through Friday, a punch card for frequent eaters, and really one of the best spinach wraps I've had anywhere. For somewhere you don't want to eat unless you have to this place does just enough to make you forget you're in a hospital.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,1/23/2014,105,55,,13,3>Friends, salt lakers, yelpers lend me your palates because I have found my go to Thai restaurant! I've now tried 6 Thai restaurants in the valley and only one other compares to Siam Thai Cuisine. If you didn't read my Tea Rose review then let me say that I'm super picky about and a little harsh in my reviews of Thai food since I grew up in a Thai household and lived in Bangkok for 10 years. I was super excited to try this place because the pictures looked great but especially for the tom yam guay tiew (side note: guay tiew in its traditional form is often mistakenly referred to as Thai pho. Lets stop that. It's like calling chicken noodle soup American pho because it has meat, a clear broth and noodles. Pho has a strong star anise flavor and while there are tons of favors for guay tiew none use star anise). We went the Sunday before Labor Day and were pleasantly surprised that they were open especially since there were no customers. We were seated and offered drinks. Everything was clean and well organized. The decor is sparse but typical of a Thai restaurant. There's a ton of seating and a huge parking lot. It's unfortunately not in prime location being a little far west and south. But it's right on 9000 south and easy to find.The Thai iced tea here had a good flavor but unfortunately it was too sweet, a common problem. I ordered the pork and shrimp tom yam noodle soup (guay tiew) spice level 3, JeremyF got the red curry spice level 4, & my 5 year old got the mangos and sticky rice.  While we waited for our food they brought us some spring rolls. They were nice and crunch without being greasy and were full of veggies. It reminded me of my moms spring rolls and even though it's a Chinese dish not a Thai one I still liked it.The food came quickly and both JeremyF and I noted that the portion sizes were very generous, much more so than any other Thai restaurant in the valley. I knew immediately that I was in trouble when she put down my soup because just looking at the layer of red chili made me break out in a sweat. I was able to eat and enjoy it but next time I'm definitely kicking it down to a 2. The flavor was perfect, exactly the same as my favorite street vendor in Bangkok (who when I ask for no spice still makes it hotter than this one). No mushrooms which don't eat any way and not stuffed full of bean sprouts. Honestly two people could easily share this and be super full, there were only two big shrimps but a ton of noodles and pork. I took home the left overs and both my mom and dad ate them. JeremyF's curry was delicious! It had a ton of chicken and veggies (including bell peppers [sigh not authentic], egg plant, and bamboo). We also had left over curry. They brought the rice out of a shiny, decorative silver pot which made me feel right at home. My daughter loved her mangos and sticky rice but again for me there was too much coconut sauce, it was drowning. In the middle of our meal the chef brought out a small bowl of coconut ice cream for my daughter (which I had to help her eat, I mean come on I couldn't let her consume that much sugar it was my parental duty) which was divine. Light and sweet and creamy, it cooled my tongue right off. Had they served it in a hot dog bun with sticky rice and peanuts I would have wept with joy. The service was great (granted we were the only ones there). The waitress was friendly and sweet, she checked on us a few times but was not hovering. When we asked for the check and boxes the chef came out again with a plate of fried bananas. This like pad thai has some how become a signature Thai dish when in reality neither one of them are the most popular in Thailand. I personally had never had pad thai until I moved to Utah 5 years ago and some friends ordered it. I hate pad thai and cringe when people think that it's THE food of thailand, but I digress. These fried bananas were yummy none the less, not too sweet, the perfect little crunch for the end of your meal. The price again was a little steep $29 but maybe I just need to get over comparing it to Thai street vendors where the same meal would have cost less than $10. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone (unless you're looking for pad thai than I can't help you). I can't wait to try the whole fishes (yes head on), the som tom and gai yang. I really hope they can get a good flow of customers despite not being downtown because they're so delicious.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,1/22/2014,24,108,1,8,3>Haven't been here in forever. Its newly updated and the old owners took it back over. Food its delicious! The seating and inside is all updated and services is amazing and super friendly!! We got an appetizer of crab cheese wontons, they are packed with so much more flavor! Hot tea was nice to have (had to order it). They no longer serve beer but working on it.I got the general chicken for lunch,  comes with ham fried rice, egg roll and choice of soup  (I picked egg drop)So happy they keep the mushrooms in the egg drop soup that's why I always loved there egg drop the most. General chicken was way better then they use to be. Rice is good and tender. My husband got lunch special of chicken and garlic. He enjoyed it after he added some soy sauce. Very busy, friendly, excited for them and the new update. Will be back for sure!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,1/21/2014,160,294,4,8,6>This may be one of the few reviews I believe I could write using only vowels.  But, I'll spare you my gutteral ooo's and aaa's this time.This is some very tasty and fresh Mexican food, which as far as I can tell is about as authentic as it gets up in these parts. Our first visit here made me a rabid fan.EGG is located in the old Pizza Hut dine-in restaurant, but none of that 1980's stain remains. It's well decorated inside like an authentic Mexican place should be, even if it's not at all swanky. The chips and salsa course was highlighted by their impressive salsa bar. There were at least three different salsas I one-by-one deemed my favorite until I tried the next one. The chips were standard, but who cares? They're quite sufficient vehicles for scooping that fantastic salsa into your mouth. Also on this bar were a few choices of beverages in large dispensers (horchata, flavored limonade, etc.); obviously fresh-made there. Hubby ordered the Sweet Pork Burrito plate. So, when our awesome waitress brought the plates out, I was seriously impressed she could even carry Hubby's burrito alone, not to mention both our plates. It was five pounds of burrito if it was a single ounce. And he ate every bit of it. He was hurting when he was done, but he couldn't stop. I tried it, and it really was fabulous. My spirits fell just a little due to order envy...until I tried my food.Despite being hypnotized by a dish they call "The Rock," I ordered a combination plate of a Chile Relleno and a Pork Tamale. I didn't expect it to be this good, honestly. I truly loved it - the tamale filling was absolutely delicious, as was the masa mix on the outside. The relleno used a huge fresh Poblano pepper, which is more flavorful than your average Anaheim, Hatch or ancho chile. From the cheesy filling to the batter, it was surprisingly good. Although I was terribly, painfully full, I girded my loins, and got through it.Their rice and beans are pretty standard, but trust me, if you're eating the other food, you won't mind skipping them. Another nice surprise is that the pricing structure is more than fair at EGG. Our bill - including Hubby's bottled Mexican Coke - came to less than $25, including tip.For what they appear to be (a standard Mexican chain with table service), they deserve five big, loud stars! They know exactly what they're doing, and how to please my pallet.  We will be regulars here.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2013,1/20/2014,80,97,1,5,3>Went here for lunch. The ambience is amazing. The sushi looked pretty good, but since I'm not a sushi gal I wouldn't touch it (although I was told it was good). I had the short ribs bento box. The salad was great and the California rolls were good. The short ribs had terrific flavor but they were really tough and chewy. Another coworker had the lamb bento box and she really enjoyed it. The service was great. She got us in and out of there in an hour. I'd go back but I'd have one of the other bento boxes or pho.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/19/2014,210,1036,2,8,3>The Ice Castles in Midway are in a word, AWESOME! These beautiful castles of ice are wonderful to see and explore. I have always wanted to see the castles and now they've finally brought them to Utah. This is something worth seeing and a great reason to brave the cold.Make sure and dress warmly and arrive early to avoid the crowds. They turn lights on around 5pm, but the ice castles are spectacular anytime of day or night.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,1/18/2014,83,511,,4,3>Only have been for lunch buffet.  Its very fresh and tasty.  I love the spice level of the food.  Space is very clean and nice.  I prefer this place because they have parking as opposed to the places downtown.  Service is nice.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,12/26/2013,25,144,5,6,5>Sure, like this place needs any more five star reviews . . . but I'll throw my voice into the mix all the same."As good as it gets" is a bold statement, especially on Yelp, but these five stars were earned but the exceptional staff at the Red Iguana, the boldly flavored food, and great prices. My biggest complaint about Utahns is their obsession with Cafe Rio as the "best mexican" around. I love Cafe Rio, but it's not mexican! It's tex mex! And Utah is plagued with an abundance of tex mex and a drought of authentic mexican flavors. Enter - Red Iguana.I tried the mole coloradito and the pork tenderloin was savory and delicious. The rice and beans were delightful and weren't just an afterthought to the meal. The tortillas were soft and warm, and they added to every bite of my mole, instead of only being a delivery vessel.I'm excited to go back and try more of the exquisite looking menu!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,12/25/2013,54,138,2,8,2>FINALLY Lucky 13 and I meet!! I came in during the lunch hour on a Tuesday. Which I assume is a semi-slow period. Seemed they only had one sever, she was nice but slow. Very slow. Took awhile to come and take our orders, and refill our drinks. But that may not be her fault being that she was the only server I saw in the whole place. Soooooo moving on.....I ordered the "The Ol' Man" $8.50(Roasted Jalapeños, Grilled Onions, and Swiss) it took a while to come out to the table but I assume due to the fact they cook it to order and perfection mustn't be rushed! The burger was fresh, thick and juicy! It's big too, larger than the bun! The bun was fresh and had a crispy crunch on the edges and soft in the middle. The meat itself to my surprise was seasoned very well. They are NOT shy about seasoning and flavor! I like that! I also had substituted my regular fries for the Rosemary-Garlic Fries $1.50. And YES when they say garlic they mean it. I guess this can be a good thing or bad thing. I particularly love garlic so I like the fact they are not shy about it! That's a bonus! The only negative that I can see is the fact they don't have a lot of TV's, this means sadly that I won't be coming here much during football season. But the burger was great and I'll be back for that.BONUS: They have an iPhone friendly website that is updated with the daily specials! The little things DO mean something to some people! Also it is a 21 & over establishment!!! Woot woot, no kids, teens or annoying just out of high school groups!!!!! Nope not the best burger I ever had, but yes it's a damn good burger! I'll be back for sure!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,8/18/2014,42,127,2,6,3>Overall a great addition. Love having this place as a new option. The ambience is very nice - upscale casual, which always seems appropriate for SLC.The menu feels like an extension of Copper Onion of course. Completely different menu items with more of a seafood influence, but still similar. The lobster spaghetti is really fantastic. I wasn't going crazy over the fried chicken. Also had 6 Shigoku oysters. They were great, and 1/2 priced from 4-6 every day. Loved the jalapeno/pickle garnish for the oysters.The space is small-ish. They're also practicing an interesting communal seating scheme - 2 couples at the same 4-seat table. You feel a tremendous social pressure to think "how clever - now I get to be social and meet new people". But...it was just awkward - I wouldn't choose it. Regardless, this place will be so popular they could probably seat you on someone's lap and get away with it.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,8/17/2014,58,84,3,6,6>I love Barley's!  Seriously this is a FUN place to take your pup.  You can feel good about leaving your dog here for the day.  They have an indoor pool, daycare, dog walking, training, dog wash, agility area, doggie massage and acupuncture.  Wow!  They have it all.  I dropped off my German shepherd puppy yesterday for daycare.  She got to play with "the pack" all day.  It is so cool that they have an indoor and outdoor play area, which even had a baby pool.  When the pups get tired, they have nap time on couches and dog beds.  What a comfortable place! The coolest part is they post pics of your pup on Facebook so you can see how much fun they are having.  My dog has tried the pool too.  She isn't the best swimmer yet.  But the staff here was so sweet and patient with her.  I really wished this place could have been around when my older dogs were still alive.  They would have loved being able to swim in the pool.  Towards the end, they really couldn't go for walks anymore and swimming here would have been perfect.Now about the staff...They are truly dog people and it shows.  The owners of this place are usually there working along side their friendly employees.  Always a good sign.  Perhaps they are part dog? I can't say.As I write this, my pup is still passed out and happily dreaming of her fantastic day at Barleys yesterday.  I highly recommend taking your dog here.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/16/2014,22,118,11,9,8>I dunno...If you're a follower of any of my reviews, you know that there's nothing sophistimacated about them. Most are merely the ramblings following a gin-soaked meal.That being said, I just had the S8. It's something to do with rib eye, a bun and some veggies.One of the ingredients is sliced tomato. Raw tomato. I don't eat raw tomatoes. I love salsa. I love ketchup. Slather my pasta with all the tomato sauce you want but raw tomatoes make me gag. Have made me gag since I was a little boy.I'm still a little boy. Even more so when I'm gin-soaked. Just the same, I just had the S8 with a great big raw tomato and all the other goodness that is the S8 and I loved every single bite.How much so? I loved it so much that I'm here leaving a review while still enjoying a slight buzz. It takes a lot for me to get a buzz anymore. The thing about alcohol is that the body develops a tolerance after a while and it doesn't carry nearly the punch for me than it once did.Let me tell you about my three degrees of separation from this location. In May, 1997, the mother of my children and I opened a soup. salad, sandwich "boutique" cafe in Holladay called Lettuce & Ladles. Everybody thought the sign read, "Lettuce and Ladies" but that was because they were mostly stupid.We sold to the present owner in December, 1997 and the legacy lives on. That's another review. Anywho, Mario's wife opened a second location of Lettuce and Ladies at the present location of Oh Mai. She didn't last for whatever reason. I'm inclined to think it was for the best given my experience an hour ago.I walked in and said it was my first time and I wanted to have an experience such that I couldn't wait to come back. I followed their recommendation to the "T" and I'm here to tell you I just might go back a little later tonight for more. I don't think I mentioned I'm completely stuffed!We had some spring wraps. Mine had shrimp but I don't think I remember tasting shrimp. My daughter had something else that was vegetarian. We both got the peanut sauce. It was a nice start but was completely forgotten when the samwiches arrived.More like, "Oh my god!" than "Oh Mai!"She had some salad thing. Loved it. I had the S8 but that's already been mentioned. I used to go to Indo China for my Vietnamese. I've been to Worst Valley's Green Mango once or twice. That's mostly the extent of my Vietnamese cuisine dining experience if I don't count Pei Wei (and I don't). Whatever. Don't judge me! I believe I also mentioned that these reviews were never meant to be sophisticated.Yeah. I loved it. Great bread. Fresh ingredients. Savory flavor. Amazing texture (including the raw tomato).Did I mention I've never had a raw tomato on anything? Ever? I'll even pull off the tomato on those stupid Italian toasted bread, mozzarella, basil bullshit appetizers every wife of my stupid friends puts together whenever there's a get-together. That's how much I dislike tomatoes. Not so much at Oh Mai.We sat outside. We were alone. It was perfect.DISCLAIMER: I am neither an owner, friend, acquaintance or even of the same nationality of the proprietors of this establishment. I say these things in the name of Jesus Christ, ramen!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,8/15/2014,605,129,12,15,13>A friend of mine once told me the word "takashi" meant praiseworthy, and when I found out about this Japanese restaurant, I knew I had to see if the experience would live up to its title.  Oh and yes, it does...that is if you are looking for a more modern style sushi restaurant.Upon finding the restaurant, we walked towards the venue to find a sidewalk and rooms crowded with people waiting to be seated--the estimated time for 2 was 1.5 hours (in UTAH)!  This anticipation further excited Vinh H & I as we strolled around the block for bars to hang out at.  Within an hour, we received a text saying our table was ready.  We were seated immediately at the bar.The sushi chef was friendly, easy to talk with, and recommended various items.  We ended up trying 5 rolls and 1 appetizer:Kuro buta belly (appetizer).  Soooo delicious!  It's a must-try for all pork belly lovers!!  As soon as I ordered it, the waiter looked at us and said he was jealous & wished he could have some too!  I realized after trying it that his jealousy was honest!  It was so good! I enjoyed the taro paste along with the crunchy lotus and tender succulent pork belly.  The contrast was great and an appetizer I would try again.Ceviche.  The chef said that this was his favorite roll of all, and I have to admit it was quite delicious!  I loved the citrus contrast, and as Vinh H puts it, it was inventive.  Although simple, it fused the citrus nature of ceviche without overpowering the sushi.Puff the magic dragon.  This is a warm roll made of eel, avocado, and a mix.  It's great for anyone who is used to ordering warm rolls at sushi joints!  It's a very creamy roll from the ingredients itself, and the sesame seeds help balance it out.  I really enjoyed this in between my cold rolls, and it helps mix things up a bit!The summit.  This is a rice-less cucumber roll that presents well and was quite refreshing.  I enjoyed the tangy nature of the sauce and the thick cut of tuna that contrasted well with the mix.  I would have liked for the roll itself to not be so drenched in liquid, but overall, the roll was good.The box.  This roll is first surrounded by three types of fish & then stuffed with more fish, sauce, and eggs.  I'd definitely say that this is one of the biggest bang for the buck, especially if you're looking for something to fill you up!  It came out a little warmer than room temperature and the rice was just right--I really enjoyed this roll and would recommend it for anyone who enjoys trying a variety of fish in rolls.Yellow submarine.  Least favorite & greatest disappointment.  It wasn't necessarily bad, but it was definitely plain.  For something that appeared in so many reviews, I had the highest hope for this roll, but fortunately the other rolls excelled where this didn't.+1 Star: Decorations were nice.  The location was a bit crowded, yet they managed to seat us prior to the estimated time.+1 Star: Service from the sushi chef was great and the waiters were quick to refill my water.+1 Star: Prices were also quite fair, and Vinh H and my dinner bill ended up being about $100 for two.+1 Star: Food tasted good.  The fish had nice flavor that I would come back for again, and the variety was nice.-1 Star: Even with lowering my standards, I couldn't honestly give this place 5 stars because it's not as good as it gets even in Utah.  Quite frankly, I'd come back here to take out certain friends who'd appreciate the modern aura of this location that don't mind sushi lacking in certain areas.  For higher quality & experience, I'd probably choose another place.Tip: If you want to a traditional type Japanese sushi restaurant, try the Naked Fish Japanese Bistro that is just about 1/2 a mile away.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/14/2014,249,176,7,13,8>I'll race you there!This bakery is fantastic. I could never understand what all of the fuss was about when it came to macaroon pastries?! Until I ate one at F&E...There's nothing better! And my husband and I were given two macaroons for free! After tasting our complimentary macaroons we ordered plenty more to take home. The strawberry lemonade macaroon was my favorite! It was swoon-worthy.We also took home a key lime cheesecake, and a caramel popcorn pudding cup. The cheesecake was divinity, and the popcorn pudding cup was a delightful novelty.In addition, we ordered two scones. Kind of as an afterthought, but they ended up being the stars of our order! I was bowled over by how good my blueberry lemon scone was! And my husband loved his cranberry orange scone so much that he didn't want to share.It is so nice that yelpers get an extra 15% off their order, when they check in. On top of that, you can get a punch card, that, when filled; will get you an additional 15% off. It almost seems criminal, because I feel like the prices for their gourmet fare is fair.This bakery is a culinary delight. If there's any place better in UT, I certainly haven't been there.The amazing owner adds to the entirely perfect experience. He is genuinely friendly, and customer-service oriented.I cannot wait to return.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,8/13/2014,146,292,10,8,5>The Science tells us that there are infinite worlds, and that some are much tastier than others. Boba World deserves to be the center of its own delicious galaxy, but instead it is trapped in the strip-mall nebula of Sector D (also known as Davis County). Do not let that deter you, Jim. Set your phasers on "Badger Hair" and chart a course into the forbidden zone. You will be richly rewarded with juicy dumplings, fat noodles, and (inter)stellar soups.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,8/12/2014,97,42,6,10,10>All you can eat mongolian bbq!Pretty decent! Fresh vegetables, meat was frozen but still good, esp the pork! The pork was seasoned and I'm in love with it for some reason... it's just frozen pork!You grab a bowl, fill it with what you want, and have the guys grill it! Some tips, fill your bowl with meats, veggies, and sauces first. Then, add the noodles last. It helps get everything you want into the bowl. =) Also, make sure to add lots of sauce! When they say 5-6 ladles, they really mean it.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/11/2014,48,51,1,7,6>This is maybe the best thing that has ever happened to Holladay.Caputos carries  a great selection of meats, cheeses, olives, chocolates, olive oils and vinegars, sauces, beverages, etc. Many of the items are imported and everything is fantastic quality so prices reflect that. They also have made to order sandwiches and pastas that are so delicious. My personal favorite is the Muffaleta sandwich which is so flavorful. Absolutely to die for. This new Holladay location has a really nice outdoor seating area and large "garage" doors that open up so the entire store feels bright and airy and outdoorsy. The staff was super nice and very accommodating and kind about our kids.   This location will be offering chocolate, cheese and wine tasting classes among others, at a great price. I've been to a bunch of Caputos classes and they are always fantastic. This place is going to obliterate my grocery budget because really, how can you shop anywhere else when there is a Caputos down the street?
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,8/10/2014,47,104,5,7,6>I'm not a fan of this place on weekend nights, because it's far too populated for me. It's good for the bar and people watching but it's loud and crowded and there's usually a cover charge. If that's your thing give it a shot...For me and the 4 (four) stars I'm judging it on is solely the Sunday brunch. The Sunday brunch to me is one of SLC's best kept secrets. There is a buffet setup with endless sausage, ham & BACON!!!!! Plus vats of fruit, potatoes & hash. If that's not enough the cook manning the buffet makes specialty omelets to order. The atmosphere if you get there early enough is quiet. The bartenders are friendly and the music is decent and at a good level (I like enjoying my company at this time). Their Bloody Mary's are one of the better I've had around town too - only beaten by Lucky 13's (but I'm guessing that's because theirs has bacon in it and I'm a whore for bacon).And the fourth star is earned because they are pet friendly. As long as your pup isn't a monster. Our lil one sits patiently under our table awaiting a tiny lil scrap of bacon. And honestly if people hate animals, you can't trust them. But animals are like kids, how they're raised shows.  animals/kids =  parents!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,8/9/2014,368,106,7,10,9>Great experience!  Everyone in our party ordered steaks that were prepared well and service was excellent.  We visited late on a Tuesday night and virtually had the place to ourselves.Great place for drinks and an appetizer or the full on steak house experience.  Comparable to  any of the best steak houses in Salt Lake City.  I could go into long detail about each of the menu items ordered but that probably wouldn't properly describe the overall experience so in summary you won't be disappointed.One of several great fine dining choices in downtown SLC.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,2/26/2012,22,19,,6,5>When I find myself in the Pioneer Park area around lunch time, I usually find myself opening the door to this tiny treasure-trove of taste minutes later.  Each day they rotate 6 different combo menu items, and I always have trouble deciding. If you find yourself being indecisive, no need to be shy, just ask for a sample! The staff, especially the owner, Woot, are super-friendly and are happy to explain any of the dishes to you. I usually find myself ordering the two item combo--which comes with an egg roll and literally a gigantic mound of rice--all served up in a no-fuss styrofoam container.  You have a choice of white rice or brown.. well, actually more deep purple with no hint of brown. I've been meaning to ask about that.  Either way, it's pretty tasty rice.  My only qualm is that I'm left craving for more curry and far less rice. I mean, seriously, I have never seen such a large serving of rice!  I've yet to eat more than half of it and probably never will, unless I'm carbo-loading for a long hike or bike ride.  My recommendations so far:-Tom Yum Chicken; a delicious soup with very unique flavors (served ONLY on Fridays)-Massamun Curry Beef; just a great beef curry (served everyday)-Thai Iced Tea; honestly the only reason I come in sometimes. Literally the best I've ever had. It just has this extra zing to it. Just talking about makes me crave it. Perfect for a sunny day.I'm sure I will update that list once I've had a chance to sample more, which I fully intend on doing. I have yet to try the drunken noodles or pad seiw, which Woot said is a must-try.Now, as far as seating, when I said tiny, I do not exaggerate.  Inside, you have maybe 6 stools along the counters not occupied by the kitchen area. Outside, there, of course, is the park (if you're up for dodging collections of homeless), but there are also a few benches along the street that you can plop down at and enjoy your containers of deliciousness.  Obviously this becomes an issue when you're coming for the warmth of hearty food on a cold day.  If that's the case, I'd suggest you plan on taking it to go.Overall, a warm atmosphere cooped up in a small kitchen, offering great Thai food. Well deserving of their "SLC's Best" title from Salt Lake Magazine.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,2/25/2012,63,97,,4,4>Dave is a cool guy. He just is. He has filled his great shop with an old fashioned car and old soda bottles that his lights up. Additionally he has great black and white photos around the place as well, some of them are of regular customers. There is an old fridge filled with cold bottles of soda. I would go here just to see some of these old things.That being said, the food is out of this world good. It is all made fresh when you arrive and is my favorite place to go for a GREAT Philly Cheese. I had a Philly at another place yesterday and it was so disappointing I actually said "I wish we had gone to Dave's, his are so much better!" The bread they use ... oh child please!!! It is soft, fresh, and tasty! If you ask Dave where he gets it, he will tell you too. I won't tell you because it is not my secret to share ... and I have forgotten! The fries are good, hot, and fresh. The sodas come in bottle (nostalgic) or on tap (Coke I believe) and are always cold and yummy. Try the Jersey Stick for a sweet cold treat. The only thing that would make this place perfect? An old fashioned ice cream counter with fresh ice cream creations. Well that is not canned mushrooms on the salads for an additional $0.60 (i.e. my vote would be fresh 'shrooms!)One thing to keep in mind, they close at 6 at night. Not a late night stop!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,2/23/2012,172,109,7,5,6>OMFG!  In all the years I've been getting my hair cut, I can count on my hand the people who've made a lasting impression.  There was the girl in NYC who told me I had great hair to cut. I distinctly remember she looked like one of the girls from Gatsby's, the shop that has their own reality show on TV.  I remember she used to rub up against me when she cut my hair, too.  Now, you should know from my other posts that I don't drive the Bishop-mobile with Sister Holland sitting next to me so, I really didn't get much out of that bob-job.  It was probably that experience that led me on a never-ending search like bilbo-baggins--in a dark forest with Frodo searching for the perfect place to bed-down for the night and/or a golden ring--searching for a stylist I actually wanted rubbing up against me. Do you have any idea how hard that is to find?  You'd think that with all the beauty and queens who flow into a hair salon the boys who cut hair would be soft for a little manhood.  Nope, no matter how hard I tried, I can't tell you how many times I've sat in a chair hoping to get the same experience with a same-sex stylist with no happy ending in sight.  Until now.  I think I may have found the only gay butch hair stylist--he probably prefers barber, but oh well--in the world and here he is in Utah of all places.   I had to downgrade my haircut spending habits after the latest recession (Sister Holland said we weren't selling the house for a haircut) and honestly, it's nice not to feel a stabbing pain as Jed's wife rings up your charges. I've been to Jed's twice now.  I didn't think it would be fair to Jed or my new butch gay barber/stylist to rate the work on one sitting.  But I can say with some certainty that I like the cut I get.  And if all of a sudden you're thinking, "hmm, maybe I don't want no (insert derogatory adjective) cuttin' my hair."  You're wrong.  If you didn't ask, you wouldn't know.  With the tattoos and the finely coiffed hair style Rockwell could easily pass at any Aveda salon.  Oh, did I just say that?  Jed's is a bit empty and I have to tell you when the music goes off, its eerily quiet in there.  You can hear yourself talking about things you may not want other's to know you're sharing with your stylist.  They had to get rid of the album art on the walls--something about copyright infringement.  But alas, the personal pictures adorning the walls now are a big improvement.   There isn't the buzz at Jed's like there is at high-end salons that deal Aveda products, but as I said there isn't the stabbing guilt as you pay for your cuts at Jed's either.   Next time you need a cut, take your shag down to Jed's and look for the butch guy with the tats.  He'll take care of you old-fashioned barber style right good.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,2/22/2012,21,50,,3,4>This is a great place for getting the ingredients you need but it not going to be cheapI actually live in this neighborhood and if my kid is being especially good we will go to the park on the back side of the block and go get a cookie after. Their sugar cookies that they sell at the counter are amazing. The cheese selection is amazing and you can try what you want. They have the best vegetable year. One fun thing to do is to go explore their drink selections. They always have something new and interesting.This would be a 5 star review but the truth is that this place is really pricey. All of their stuff is TOP QUALITY but something found here and Caputo's, it is cheaper at Caputo's.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,2/21/2012,67,88,,7,3>A local place that cares about the local community but also has spectacular food does exist. Roots has some great flavors you would find in a nice sit down restaurant but in a cafe atmosphere. The owners are great and really do have a passion for helping people eat healthy and understand where their food comes from.Definitely give this place a go as they are sure to become a local Millcreek/Holladay delight.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,2/20/2012,100,149,,4,4>After sampling pretty much the length and breadth of the menu now, I'm happy to declare this restaurant my favorite Italian restaurant in SLC.  While I'm sure there are some reading that statement already up in arms - for me - I love the simplicity of the approach at CV.  You can take your heavy handed saucing, excessive reliance on garlic and sugar or over abundance of cheese, for me CV hits all the right spots.  As others have mentioned, the space is kinda ikea-riffic, but that's no bad thing.  Its all simple, clean lines, somewhat of a mirror to the approach in the food.  Service is friendly, and always happy to chat.  Theres some basic al fresco dining and decent wine selection.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,2/19/2012,73,133,4,7,4>My husband and I have gone here 3 times now and the food is consistently delicious. I lived in Tucson for 4 years and I have seen my fair share of dive Mexican food joints, and this one was reminiscent of the hot summer days I spent in sweltering heat with a smile on my face cause the heat wasn't going to ruin the amazing food I was eating.We followed suit of the Yelpers and ordered the El Pastor tacos and burritos each time we go. I have veered of the path and had a few carne asada tacos, and I kept wishing I stuck with the Pastor. It's spicy, flavorful, simple and so so good. The inside is, as others have said, not the greatest of eating ambiance, but hey, any Mexican food place that pours my Horchata from a bucket wins in my book. Ok, ok, that was one time, but I loved it, it reminded me of Arizona and having my lukewarm Horchata poured over ice from a pitcher.  I usually get 3 tacos, my husband gets a burrito and 2 drinks for under 7 dollars, we will keep going back for the price, and the flavor. Don't let the less than appealing building ruin a great experience, and meal.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,2/18/2012,29,127,,5,3>Every last thing we ordered was great.  The staff puts a lot of effort into their presentation and pulls off the European tapas feel very well with the outdoor eating and pleasant location.  We went there for the "Yelp Eats" 50% off event and left big fans of this restaurant.   I can see this place becoming one of the most popular restaurants in the area.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,2/17/2012,42,124,2,3,3>I stopped by Cactus & Tropicals to get a unique gift for my mom's birthday, based on all of the good word of mouth that I've heard about this business. I had high expectations going into the experience, and I wasn't disappointed.A woman who works there helped me select a great flowering plant, and when I mentioned that it was for my mom, she gift wrapped that thing like a champ. Even though it's been about a month since I bought the plant, it's still blooming! My mom brags on it every time I visit.It's not the cheapest place around, but it's worth it to me to pay a little extra for a knowledgeable, helpful staff and and incredible selection. I'll go back the next time I want a great gift that will leave an impression.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,2/16/2012,85,34,10,13,11>I was turned on to Asia Palace by my tattoo artist - who is Vietnamese. We were discussing good places to get Pho and he mentioned Asia palace. I decided to give it a try and boy am I happy that I did, this place is simply amazing! I was previously going to Pho Hoa for all of my Pho needs which ironically is in the exact same strip mall, and the differences, although subtle, are extremely important and worth mentioning. Ever since our initial introduction, I will confess, I have fallen head over heels in love with this restaurant. Sorry Pho Hoa, we had some great times and some enjoyable memories but it's time to say good bye, it's not you, it's me. I still love you but there's someone else.On to the good stuff, Asia Palace doesn't serve Pho exclusively, it is an Asian restaurant meaning they serve Vietnamese, Chinese, Thai, and even Japanese. And one would think a restaurant that strives to cater to such a broad spectrum of culinary needs would suffer for it, however that is just not the case.As another reviewer stated in their review, "Best Pho in SLC, but not telling."  The broth at Asia Palace is flavorful, clear, and clean (as in not greasy). The accompanying ingredients(lime, cilantro, bean sprouts, hot peppers) they bring out with their Pho is colorful, clearly fresh, and plentiful. Of course, if you like to kick it up a notch, or several in my case, there is a handy bottle of Sriracha and a tin of Hoisin sauce at every table. I usually order the seafood Pho with extra noodles. But their beef and meatballs are equally delicious. I also highly recommend the smoked flat noodles. I order mine with chicken. Simply awesome! Every time I order these I am reminded of Cafe Trang back in the good ol' days when it was at it's old location and the food was much better than it currently is. Asia Palace also has a delectable Pad Thai and appetizers. Another profound bonus worth bringing up, that I don't think anyone has mentioned yet, is Asia Palace serves all of their drinks with crushed ice! I love a cool glass of Coca Cola in crushed ice. I honestly believe it makes your beverage taste better. Also, they offer free refills, which comes in handy when you are sweating like James Gandolfini in a buffet line from your spicy bowl of Pho or smoked flat noodles. Other places(Pho Hoa for instance) serve you a two dollar CAN of soda which I find extremely annoying as you have to pace yourself to insure your beverage lasts through your entire meal like a marathon runner conserving their energy. That is ridiculous, cheap, and unwarranted. And on top of all of this, on select nights, they will bring you out a complimentary bowl of hot, sweet rice pudding as a dessert. A phenomenal way to conclude a truly phenomenal meal.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,12/24/2013,68,69,2,12,7>Several years ago I purchased a computer tower at a bargain from a major manufacturer.  It had a good amount of RAM, a nice processor and options for me to upgrade the graphics card and make it into an alright gaming PC.  The original operating system that it came with was Windows Vista if that gives you an idea of the age of my system (4+ years old).  When I had some extra money I purchased a new graphics card, a new power supply and the software to install Windows 7.  Things went well for a little bit but I started having some intermittent issues. I purchased a new hard drive as I tried to self-diagnose the problem and continued having the same intermittent issues.I probably had the computer unplugged and out of commission for 12+ months with life just keeping me too busy.  Being a relatively new husband and rookie father of twin newborn babies, I had my hands full with the things on my honey-do list.  I wanted to do the repair myself but days, weeks and months passed and my PC project was losing value as it lay there incomplete like a forgotten "hot rod project in the garage," so to speak.  With a growing family I no longer have extra space in the house to allow an unfinished pet project to hang out.  So I decided to take the PC down to PC Laptops for a professional opinion.When I first entered the store I was greeted quite enthusiastically by the employees.  Shane quickly helped me with the computer and placed it on a service desk and asked me how he could help.  He let me share my story and I think he could tell that I really wanted to see this PC thrive.  My PC was checked-in very quickly and I was on my way.I received a call on Monday to discuss the diagnosis. Chris let me know that replacing the motherboard would be recommended. What excited me was that they would be able to scour their inventory and find me a deal on a used (but tested) motherboard and I wouldn't have to buy a new processor or RAM.  Out of curiosity, I asked Chris what it might cost to replace those key components with new ones and use them in tandem with my other core pieces that I purchased afterwards.  He said he'd get me a price and give me a call back.Within 30 minutes Chris and I were back on the phone discussing the price to replace those core components. It was competitive and with those components replaced I knew the PC would be solid as a rock.  Either way I had a decision to make and I have to admit I needed to get approval from my better half. I asked Chris to wait on bringing in the used motherboard and also to wait on ordering the new parts. Chris let me know he would wait for my decision and that there was no rush.After a discussion with my wife she recommended that I do it right if I could.  I called up Chris Tuesday morning and gave him the green light. He said he would get the ball rolling and I could expect a call from the technician with a time frame on completion and I could ask him any questions about the repair.Just after my lunch break I received a call from Chad who was the technician servicing my computer (digital heart surgeon).  He explained very clearly what work he would be completing and would give me a heads up when "operation PC resurrection," was complete. Just after 6PM I received a call and he let me know the transplant was a success and I could pick up my PC just before closing time at 8PM.Here is my reason for writing this review.  When I let my PC sit powerless and broken for all those months I thought that nobody would care for it the way that I did.  I thought if I take it anywhere they are going to tell me it isn't worth fixing it and I should just buy an all new computer.  I had invested in this project though and I was interested to see it completed. When they showed me the inside of the computer they had it looking brand spankin' new. I no longer have a doubt in my mind that there is a place in SLC that is capable and willing to treat my PC with as much love and respect that you can give to a machine.  This particular machine is my "hot rod PC."I think the next time I buy a new computer, i'll just head straight to PC Laptops and do it right the first time.  Another thing I learned while in the store is that the PC Laptop computers have lifetime on parts..... and labor.  These days that is a big deal I feel like most things just aren't built the way they used to be.  I was highly impressed with the service they did on my non-PC Laptops machine.Great experience happy to share!  Yelp on my friends :)
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,12/23/2013,1710,637,6,9,7>Jeffrey S, Hang W. and I let Tony L. order for us, and here's what ensued. Mapo tofu: the BEST mapo tofu I've ever had. Chili and garlic flavor throughout the soft tofu, nice and savory all around. Eggplant Hotpot: Savory, slightly sweet, and delicious. Perfect with rice. Tripe: Essence of poop. Not going to do that again. I'd go back for the mapo tofu alone.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,12/22/2013,46,24,4,6,4>Stress in a natural part of life. It comes in many forms, and at many different times, none of which are convenient. It may take the form of a treacherous exam, stalking your hard-earned grade like prey on safari. Perhaps your stress comes from a professor who has sworn to destroy all happiness in your life. Or so it seems. I swear sometimes they make pacts to see how many students they can force into mental collapse. Whatever your source of stress, it's important to take a step back, breathe and eat some comfort food."But wait!" you're saying. "Eating your feelings is a bad thing. Psychologists have told us this time and again. It's irresponsible." I will be the first to hypothesize that there is nothing a good meal and a hot shower can't fix. How about it, science? Let's find a cure-all.While comfort food might not fix your grade, or cure more serious problems like schizophrenia or cancer, it can heal the nicks and bumps that occur in a person's mental and emotional state during their time in stressful situations (read: college). Luckily for you, I've found the happy marriage between elevated cuisine and comfort food, and it's right next to Liberty Park.Pig and a Jelly Jar sits on the corner of 400 E. and 900 S. in the chic Sugarhouse district of Salt Lake. It has been chronically busy since its crowning of Best Comfort Food in the 2013 Dining Awards. One taste of the food, and you'll quickly see why.Let's start with my dish: the Kitchen Sink Frittata. The name is precisely accurate, as the dish had sausage, bacon, tomato, onion, peppers, mushrooms, spinach and provolone, topped with Bloody Mary salsa. It was perfectly delicious. With all of the ingredients going in the pan, I was a little worried that they might not be cooked the way they should be. For those of you who have never tried making a multifaceted egg dish, consider how differently spinach and sausage cook, or bacon and mushrooms, and you can imagine the precise timing that would be needed to pull off such a dish. I'm happy to report that they hit it right on the head. The frittata was light and fluffy, with the grocery list of ingredients layered to perfection. The Bloody Mary salsa was an intriguing American twist on a Mexican staple. It had a great deal of flavor, and was the perfect accompaniment to the complex load of flavors.I thought I had found the best thing in the restaurant when I smugly asked my wife how her chicken and waffle was. She said it was delicious. Thinking there was no way that it could beat my frittata, I dove into the Southern classic.I was wrong. This was by far the best chicken and waffle I'd ever had.The Belgian waffle was crispy and flaky, but I couldn't pay attention to it. Sitting atop the delectable waffle was one of the biggest boneless chicken breasts I'd ever seen, fried and tossed in a house blend that would make any chef proud. The chicken and waffle combo was topped with maple syrup and hot sauce, and perched atop the tower of deliciousness was a single fried egg. It was one of the best dishes I've ever had. The chicken was cooked perfectly, and the succulence of the meat paired with the seasoning and sauces sang. The egg tied the whole dish together with a savory bow that made me wonder if the other competitors for the comfort food award were still in business.Judging by the status of the restaurant, however, I would say they are. To quote "Hell's Kitchen's" Gordon Ramsay, "bloody good food needs bloody good service!" Unfortunately for Pig and a Jelly Jar, the service of the staff made the restaurant break just above even. We waited nearly 45 minutes for our food, and while it was good, it was quite the wait. I would have let that go, but we proceeded to wait another 30 minutes after our plates had been cleared for our check. I eventually walked up and explained that we needed to leave and got out. The waitstaff seemed frantic, and as good as the food was, it left a bad taste in my mouth.Overall, I will be back. Food that good with service that poor is confusing, so I'm assuming they had a bad day.If you have stresses you can't seem to tackle, I might recommend a heavy dose of chicken and waffles, so long as your stress isn't based around not having enough time.For a full menu or to make reservations, go to pigandajellyjar.com.So go eat, and be happy.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,12/21/2013,172,109,4,4,4>Sister Holland cringes when I tell him I'm heading over to Liberty.  You don't get out of this place without spending some significant change.  But the thing about Liberty is they have foods you'll never see at any other grocer or produce stand in Utah.  Need a few watermelon radishes?  Or Farmer's Cheese for homemade blintzes?   You'll have to head to Liberty.   Keep in mind this level of specialty does come at a price.  And for someone like Sister Holland Liberty Heights Fresh is likely to cause an outbreak of hives.  Well, they don't quite sell the bees yet but certainly you'll find local buckwheat honey on the shelves.  And LHF is the place to visit before your next dinner party.   The cheesemonger knows exactly what you should serve with your illicitly imported French Montrachet and how to pair their fresh figs with a delicious Gorgonzola.  While you're there pick up a quart of tomato soup; you'll soon forget the case of Campbell's down in the food storage.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,12/20/2013,53,78,4,13,8>I've just gone five stars on these guys, and for three major reasons.First, we had some trouble ordering the items we wanted for dinner twice in a row.  In short, they are popular and ran out of brisket and chicken.  Suffice to say we were very disappointed, and even considered leaving the second time.  One of the owners stepped in and discussed the situation.  They had purchased a smoker that was simply too small for the volume of Patrons they have seen.  They were victims of their own success.  We reluctantly ordered alternate items, and the owner "took care" of us for our next visit with a discount.  That was a nice surprise and showed us how personable and accommodating the ownership and staff are at this restaurant.Second, these guys actually pay attention to and respond to criticisms of their restaurant.  I swear that the owners read my first review, because they began offering a new BBQ sauce that is "less sweet, more heat", in contrast to their other BBQ sauce offerings that I suggested were too much on the sweet side.  Another mild criticism I had, on the menu they offered "chicken halves", but I ended up with two leg quarters, also mentioned in my original review.  This time around, Boom!, problem solved, I got a chicken half complete with breast and wing.  It may just be coincidence, but I doubt it...I think they read reviews, find criticisms, then endeavor to improve their restaurant.  That's a winning formula.Finally, they now have beer.  'Nuff said!This place is the real deal, and I highly recommend it.  What an excellent addition to the Salt Lake downtown restaurant scene!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,12/19/2013,70,238,1,6,8>Great power lunch or dinner spot to take business customers to.  Atmosphere is really nice in this restaurant, I was impressed.  I have tried a bunch of items on the menu and haven't found anything I didn't like.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,12/18/2013,52,346,3,4,2>I enjoyed my experience here. I had the pulled pork sandwich with a side of beans. They definitely do not short you on the amount of pork they put on the sandwich. The beans were good with a lot of flavor. The BBQ sauce was sweet which something I usually don't like, but it was fine.  Just hit it with some tobacco and it was perfect for me. The staff was friendly and helpful on what was good. I am sure I will be back sometime.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/17/2013,245,216,6,7,6>Hi, my name is Vi and I love carbs. It's a problem. Give me a flaky pastry any day.I follow their facebook page and saw that they were offering Cuban meat pies one day. I counted down the minutes until I could leave work and have one to call my own. As soon as I walked in, the owner, Al and the other other chef greeted me warmly. I like that. As I browsed the case, Al described everything to me and insisted that I try a couple of things. I tried a macaroon (the coconut haystacks dipped in chocolate) and a macaron (a beautiful cookie sandwich) and both were lovely. Look, I'm really spoiled when it comes to macarons because my friend makes them and I reap the benefits time to time.  So I know my macarons. Al's are probably the best that I've had from an actual bakery. Light, crisp shell that is chewy in the middle and sweet (but not overly) fillings. I ended up with a few Cuban meat pies, a toasted marshmallow lemon curd tart, and the chocolate pot de creme. I wish I could say that I made it all the way home before diving into a meat pie but I'm not a liar. The pastry was flaky with a hint of sugar and the meat was savory. I love that combination. The tart was almost too beautiful to eat but well, it tasted just as beautiful in my mouth.  And the pot de creme... Well, the best pot de creme (it's basically a rich chocolate pudding/custard) I've ever had was in California. So good that I tried to take some home with me on the plane but I was stopped at security and told to give it up. It took every ounce in me not to stand there and inhale it right in line. Well Al has done it. I have a perfect alternative here in Salt Lake since flights to California can get expensive. It was a little more dense than the one in CA but I don't mind. The location may not be the best and I worry that they won't get the business they need to stay open so get there and get there now.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,12/16/2013,53,108,1,4,3>Great sandwich, soup place!!! Sandwiches made fresh, soup was warm, and staff was very accommodating to new customers (my wife and I).  We both ordered a half sandwich, cup of soup, chips and drink value meal. Everything was fantastic! Restaurant itself was on the smallish side with minimal sitting options. Parking is street parking right outside the door.  Will definitely go back. What we ordered:Half buffalo chicken sandwich.Cup of corn chowder. Half garlic herb sandwich.Cup of tomato florentine.I recommend ALL of those.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,12/15/2013,178,50,2,7,5>If you want to chill with the drama infested small lake city hipster crowd-- you will find them all here. Great atmosphere. Rad peeps. Great Bar. The vibe with the lighting and design is pretty rad-- your typical hipster music.The outside screams titty bar with the red flashing lights, and the fact that it's called BARX.Just so you know this is a bar to socialize and drink- that's all there is to do, no types of pool tables or dart boards and it's pretty small so there wouldn't even be room to add that.They have small patio out front that is almost always crowded but it's a good thing because you are always meeting new people.There is usually a taco truck out front which is excellent when you have the drunk munchies.They are known for their rad mugs with the Moscow mule-- which is great so try that. They also make some awesome custom drinks if you are wanting something new.Def my preferred bar in SLC.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,12/14/2013,14,245,1,8,3>If you are in the mood for a big juicy tasty burger than Warren Craft Burger is the place for you.  Craft Burger just opened this weekend and we were anxious to give them a try and we are glad we did.We stopped in for lunch on their second day open and ordered up a couple of burgers.  I got what I believe was called the Craft Burger, basically and BBQ Bacon Burger, the wife got the Morning Glory which had bacon, egg and chipolte ketchup.  The burgers were 1/2 pound each and were juicy and flavorful.  Neither of us are big on veggies on our burger so we had them leave off the caramelized onions and the spring mix lettuce from our burgers.Burgers do not come with anything so you have to order up a side.  I ordered the Steak Fries the wife, at my request, ordered the English Chips.  The steak fries were thick cut slabs of potato cooked as expected,  the English Chips were big fluffy potato pillows (a bit on the oily side) but good.   Having to buy the sides separately was one of our least favorite things about Craft burger, my fries added $3.00 and the English Chips $4.50...we could have opted for homemade potato chips @ 2.00 but I would prefer at least the chips came by default.To go along with the fries are numerous sauce options.  Our waitress struggled to tell us what all the options were explaining that a couple days earlier their were 4 options and today there are 20, so obviously the sauces are a work in progress.  We tried the Chipolte Ketchup, Pineapple Ketchup, Balsamic Ketchup, a mustard based sauce and Warren's "Killer Sauce".  I am a sauce fan so getting all these options was awesome, standouts for us were the Pineapple and Balsamic ketchups.As I mentioned this was their second day open so they appeared to be working out the bugs, and the owners and managers appeared to be giving tours to all their friends and family (a bit distracting but understandable).  Besides these facts the service was very good, our server was the very friendly and attentive Shannon.  She kept our drinks full, offered up the variety of sauces, refilling the ones we finished and providing more options part way through.In summary, a very good experience with good food and beverages (they do have a full bar), good service, nice decor all at a slightly elevated reasonable price.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/13/2013,22,118,3,2,3>Another incredible meal at Andaman!There's another Thai place in Sandy that thrives. I walk into Andaman on a Sunday night and I'm completely and utterly alone. Dropped by here last week on a Wednesday and there were a half dozen tables. I was surprised. What I'm most surprised by is that this place isn't standing room only 24/7!The flavors, the presentation, the portions, the ingredients - it's all superlative. I've never had an issue with service. Even when the wait is slightly longer than usual, it doesn't bother me in the least because I know what I'm in for and any wait is worth it. I wish there were long waits because then I'd be able to glean some satisfaction dining with others that have an appreciation for quality.La Costa started out in this location. They did so well that they expanded across the street several years ago. This place deserves to follow that same path to success!The curries are savory, thick, creamy and complex. There are levels of flavor in each. I can't pick a favorite and I've tried them all. I've dialed back on the spiciness as those flavors were disappearing under the heat. I like it hot.The owner is talented. Everything she has on the menu she does very well. She's as friendly as can be and genuinely appreciates my patronage.Sandy has no idea what they have, but then again, how many here have never skied Snowbird or Alta? Bless their hearts!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,12/12/2013,349,631,2,6,2>We went to Carvers for our anniversary due to its location convenience from home in Sandy.  The parking lot seems packed when we arrived, but it did not seem like all the tables filled.  The interior felt like a log cabin, we were seated at a corner table with a nice view of the dining area.We started with an appetizer Seared Ahi Tuna.  When compared with other fine dining restaurants in the area, it lacked behind on the presentation and a touch of flavor.  Next, was Clam Chowder, the soup was decent and they got oyster crackers with it.  For main course, I got the Lobster Farfalle, it was very cheesy and almost felt like the lobsters were drowning in different cheeses.  The Filet Mignon tasted all right, we thought the presentation was a bit dull.Overall, I am happy to have more variety in the fine dining scene south of the valley.  Service was excellent that night.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,12/11/2013,32,70,,8,5>I'm happy to see a new Mongolian BBQ joint in Utah. The interior is airy, modern and nicely decorated. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The owner herself even stopped by our table and chatted with us.The Mongolian BBQ concept is a familiar one: step up to the line, grab a bowl, fill it with the items of your choosing, hand it over and watch them grill it in front of your eyes, then return to your table and enjoy.  Some people have mumbled about the bowls being somewhat small, but this isn't a big issue since you can return to the line as many times as you like.  (Genuinely boorish customers can go ahead and grab two bowls at once--the staff is far too courteous to prevent anyone from doing so.)  Personally, I think the smaller bowls promote experimentation--if you try something you genuinely don't like, you haven't wasted five pounds of food... so go ahead and step outside your comfort zone.Speaking of experimentation, I've got to mention the sauce selection.  HuHot offers a very nice variety of sauces for your dish.  Their menu lists about a dozen different ones, but when you arrive at the sauce station you'll find out that there are another ten or twelve offerings which the menu never mentioned.  Feel free to mix and match to your heart's content--they have 'recipes' for you to follow, or you can be like me and just create your own concoction.One last thing that needs to be mentioned is their soft drink selection.  HuHot uses Freestyle Coke machines, which means you have about 125 varieties of soda.  The wait staff brings these to your table, so HuHot has laminated menus just for the drink options.  (This is fantastic for anyone who has never seen or used a Freestyle machine, as the sheer variety will be overwhelming to them.)  Experimenting with your beverage is encouraged, so feel free to do so.Long story short, HuHot offers lots of tasty variety and is a pleasant place to dine.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/10/2013,235,367,4,11,6>As a health coach, I am often asked, "What is the best form of exercise?"  The answer is, of course, the one you enjoy -- because that's the one you will actually do. For me, the answer is dance. I dance in the kitchen, at weddings, even in a flash mob or two.  The joy comes first, the fitness follows. The Baile Dance Fitness Studio shares that philosophy.  Come for the fun, stay for the workout.  It is an absolutely beautiful space, full of light and air (once you get past it's unusual location in a Sugar House strip mall).  And clean? You can practically eat off the floors.  I'd give it five stars alone for offering Nia, my favorite dance-based workout, but they also offer a plethora of other classes including hip-hop, baila, dance bootcamp and (sigh) Zumba. In August it is offering a lot of free sample classes, so go to the website and check them out.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,12/9/2013,395,95,1,6,5>I haven't dined here for a while and I was a bit concerned about some of the previous experiences that I had at this restaurant. It was top notch when I first visited years ago but seemed to have inconsistent quality and service. The family that owned it seemed like really nice people but I think the quality was hit and miss. Sometimes the sushi was so fresh and awesome sometimes not so. I was so pleased to see a familiar face. "Mike" the sushi master who I have bumped into at a couple different sushi restaurants had bought the place and chatted with me about how he acquired Kobe. What a turnaround. The sushi was fresh and he had live scallops in stock! Amazing! He also made me the most amazing mega tasty Pork Belly Ramen in an exquisite Miso broth. It was the best Ramen I have ever tasted! You must try the Ramen. It only was $9 for a HUGE bowl. I'm going back 3x a week! What a win!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,12/8/2013,146,292,9,14,8>It's too bad Feldman's has to be such a lightning rod for why Yelp can be a suckfest of useless information. I guess it's the historically, geographically, and culturally hyper-specific nature of Jewish deli food that makes it so, but Feldman's gets more than its share of weirdo service gripe reviews, "I lived in New York!" reviews, and "my giant freaking sandwich wasn't big enough to fill my rhinestone covered colostomy bag" reviews.Just ignore all that crap and try this unique, friendly, and exceptionally tasty new restaurant. The space itself is great, offering both indoor and outdoor seating. They also have recovered and whitewashed antler light fixtures (I don't know why I loved this detail so much). The pastrami Reuben was easily the best Reuben I've eaten in my 30+ years in Utah. Delicious meat, balanced flavors. More importantly, it was neither a salt bomb nor a grease pool. It was also quite large and reasonably priced. And no, I'm not comparing it to my Bubi's or the one I ate in Manhattan in the 80s, because that would be pointless and idiotic.Incidentally, they do get their pastrami and corned beef from a NYC institution that has been doing it right for 90 years. Pretty much everything else is handmade on site.Loved the matzo ball.Salt bagel made me a little teary with happiness.Fries weren't crispy enough.Sadly, they were out of corned beef. Now, one could hear that and freak out like a lithium deprived whack job who demands that the restaurant be closed for eternity, or, like me, one could say, "Good, they're figuring out their quantities, serving fresh food, and giving me more reasons to return."We chatted extensively both with our engaged and food-obsessed server and the dedicated owner. He even took time to track down another restaurant reference for me since we were discussing the growth of SLC ethnic cuisine.Overall, the service was wonderful.There are dozens of reasons to try and love Feldman's. There aren't any--especially in the current spate of Yelp reviews--to stop you from visiting it and determining for yourself whether you are a fan.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,12/7/2013,390,35,3,6,3>for a 10+ course meal, it's pretty good.  everything I've had here tasted good, but prices are really high.  it is a specialty restaurant meant to take 3+ hours to eat, so I can't complain.  it's nice for the experience, but I probably won't come back due to prices.  service was really good and staff was very knowledgeable and respectful.  If you have a special celebration and want to splurge ($100-150/person), this is the place to go.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,12/6/2013,197,177,4,6,5>As a vegetarian, I'm not ashamed to give a meat market a glowing 5 star review. You know good service when you receive it, you know great quality when you see it, and you know good food when your love drools over it. Don's is clean, well staffed, well stocked and a perfect example of what a local business should be.The husband has tried a bit of everything' steaks, sausage, kabobs, red hots, they even have special offers where you can get a whole lotta stuff for a flat rate. But their crowning glory is the Las Vegas steak. Did I mention it's perfectly seasoned and wrapped in bacon? How do I know it's so good, you ask? My five year old ankle biter loves it, for one, and he won't eat anything but pizza and pb&j. Everyone we have suggested it to always goes back for more. So meat eaters of the world unite! Support local!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/5/2013,59,170,1,5,7>Welcome back!I never got a chance to visit Pho Green Papaya before the remodel, but the promise of bánh mì on the new menu dragged me across Redwood to take care of a late night craving.  What I found was a nicely updated sandwich and a strong contender for my sandwich dollar on the west side.I had the kalbi and the grilled pork sandwiches.  The first and easiest difference here is the size of the meal; rather than the usual torpedo loaf, the bread here is much longer and thinner.  My sandwiches were each about a foot long.  The bread was crusty, with a pleasing chew, and the configuration made for a sandwich that was both easy to eat and that has a nice bread-to-filling ratio.So far as I could tell, both sandwiches were dressed the same save for the protein.  A tasty pate was on the bottom of both sandwiches; I ordered extra, and will continue to do so from now on.  Along with the proteins was a sweet, sesame-heavy mayo and the usual cilantro, jalapeno, pickled carrots, and cucumber.  The mayo is tasty, though it slightly dominated the other flavors in what is a pretty complex sandwich to start with.  I'll have them go easy on it next time, if not forgo it completely.As far as the two proteins went, the pork was my clear winner.  It was incredibly tender and married with the pate really well.  I love a good kalbi, and this tasted about as I expected.  That said, it was a bit more chewy than I'm used to short rib being.  In their defense, I did show up about ten minutes to close, so maybe I was getting the last servings of the night.Will I be back?  Without question.  There are other sandwiches to sample, as well as a non-sandwich menu that looks intriguing.  New favorite?  I'm up in the air. Oh Mai is such an established habit for me at this point, and their variety, the extreme differences among the various sandwiches, and proximity may win the day.  That said, when I'm on the west side, the N&C sandwiches are definitely in the mix. If I'm looking for a more traditional and inexpensive sandwich on Redwood, I'm headed to Hong Phat. If I want something modern, nicely updated and reconfigured, I'm heading here.  Truly tasty food, and I am excited to explore the rest of the menu.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,4/20/2013,397,130,,4,2>What a FUN dining experience!!!  The atmosphere was exotic at night (lots of rugs, pillows, etc.).  The appetizer selection was expansive.  Highly recommend the grape leaves.  The chicken charwarma was huge!  The garlic sauce on top was some of the best I've had.  Plenty of beer and wine to choose from....the Lebanese Rose was pretty good although it came with a $37 price tag.  The vinegarette dressing on the salad was way too tart for my liking...I would try the lentil soup next time which is the alternative.  Our server was wonderful...although the timing of the meal seemed slow at points.  If hooka is your thing....they have a solid selections of flavors.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,4/19/2013,31,197,,2,2>Because of the great reviews I had to give this place a try. The menu is simple and original. The owners are very friendly and do a great job making you feel at home. The Boston Burger was good. I think I need to try it again to give a honest review. The Fish and Chips (Frys) were good. The freshness of the food makes to food taste really good. The fry's were good a little overcooked and I like over cooked fry's. I'm going back for more. It's great to have a original grill that has great customer service and good food.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,4/18/2013,24,115,1,2,2>Since I am unfortunately not old enough to drink, this is reviewing the restaurant part...which, let's be honest, is what most people are here for. You can get Squatters beer at pretty much any place locally, and the bar itself does look very nice. Very busy, but nice.I have gone to Squatter's twice so far, and both times got the Turkey Avocado sandwich. Once with the sweet potato fries and the second time garlic fries. Each time I got it...it came out to a whopping twelve dollars with tax! That's an expensive sandwich, I tell you what. And that's without a drink.The sandwich itself is tasty, and the avocado definitely tastes fresh. The turkey, lettuce and tomato all taste pretty fine too, and the bread it was on (wheat) was nice and firm. The toppings were generous, so it filled me up. A well crafted sandwich, but nowhere near the best I have ever had.Sweet potato fries were very average, tasted very generic and needed dipping sauce. The garlic fries were much better, and I loved the strong and generous amount of garlic they put on top. Gave me terrible breath, but totally worth it. Service was surprisingly good, after hearing about the supposedly terrible service they have. The gentleman who helped me out made sure my water glass was refilled at every opportunity, and even conversed with me briefly and thanked me for not being a pretentious tourist (whether I am or not is up in the air). I gave him a generous tip. Restrooms were clean and well stocked. If there were half-stars, I would give Squatters a 3.5. It's great for a quick, filling lunch/dinner, but it's definitely not on the cheap side. I heard they have a great breakfast that is super filling, and perfect for a day of skiing. I might have to give it a try the next time I am in town.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,4/17/2013,123,124,4,3,3>OH MY POT STICKERS!!  Hands down they have the BEST!  They make your pot sticker sauce to your liking (I order mine HOT, and it delivers)!Not sure what to order?  Tell your waitress "We want David to cook for us" - He'll make you whatever he thinks you'll like - and you'll like it. :)We ALWAYS order the Walnut Shrimp - 'cause it's delicious, like candy!  And our other staples are the Hot & Sour Soup, Black Pepper Beef, and the Pork Fried Noodles.Anything you order will taste delicious.Just don't look at their latest "Health Report" from the Salt Lake Valley Health Report...or ya might think twice about eating here.  Sometimes I cannot believe that I continue to go back after reading some of their violations.  BUT, THAT IS HOW GOOD THEIR FOOD TASTES!!  I CAN'T RESIST IT!They have a full bar...but no kiddie menus, so bring your kids something to entertain them.I also rather enjoyed trying to carry on conversation with my family while some sort of "renovation" was going on in the back...the whirring of a LOUD drill made it hard to converse.  And another family got into a verbal disagreement complete with "F" bombs.  I was thoroughly amused, and yet terribly embarrassed at the same time.The owner is always sitting at the cash register doing his "accounting"...but the food is SO effing good, you won't care.You won't effing care...just drive here and order the pot stickers.  IT'S POT STICKER MADNESS!!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/16/2013,154,72,3,5,3>This place is so tasty that even my husband likes it! Considering he is a southern gown fried chicken and burger loving red blooded dude,I'd sat that is quite the feat!Eva is no bigger than a shoe box but I like when places focus less on quantity and more on quality. I also love how its so conveniently located downtown. Since it is sometimes a wait due to its smaller size, it's really easy to pop over to Kristauff's martini lounge and get your sip on while you wait! Or head to the melting pot for a yummy dessert after your yummy dinner! Or just walk over to your favorite watering hole and then stumble back to Eva for another tasty sobering up snack before they close at 12 am. Tasty, affordable and what a fun bustling atmosphere. Just like our city its self!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,4/11/2013,68,229,3,5,3>Nuch's (Newt-ches, Newt-ches, Newt-ches -- I have to retrain my brain, as I've been inwardly pronouncing it N-uh-k's for years) is a true hidden gem. Honestly, I'm incredulous that this isn't a place that you hear about more often.  The dining experience here is worth so much more than the price of your check at the end of the night.My friend and I arrived last Saturday evening, without reservations, at around 8:30.  This restaurant is microscopically tiny -- I counted, and it can only seat like 22 people at once.  Luckily, we only had to wait a few minutes for an available table.  Our waiter, Jeremiah, was incredibly personable and endeared himself to us within moments.  He was waiting on everyone in the restaurant, but didn't appear phased at all as he took time to chat with us and to explain the menu and specials.We started with an order of bubble bread, as both of us had read rave reviews about it on Yelp, and indeed, the table next to us was on their second order.  Um, I didn't really get the hype.  It was lacking something.  Something like pesto.  Next, I ordered the New Haven pizza and my companion ordered a calzone.  We shared, and both entrees hit it out of the park!  SO delicious!  The New Haven has mashed potatoes, BACON, cheese, and asparagus.  Omg.  The calzone was packed with mozzarella and meat, then bathed in marinara.  I loved everything deeply, but also felt a little wistful.  There are SO MANY incredible-sounding menu and special items that we'd have to come here 3,000 times to even scratch the surface!  I think I am up to the challenge.Nuch's is definitely one of the best restaurants that I have had the opportunity to visit in the time I've lived here in Salt Lake, and I definitely intend to return many times.  I can't believe that I've driven by here on the way home from the dog park so often without stopping.  Please, don't repeat my mistake!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,4/10/2013,165,167,6,8,3>Sometimes I wish that Yelp had the option for a once-in-a-blue-moon 6 star review, because England Plumbing would get it from me.I'm the duchess of here on Yelp even though I have forgotten to check in once and been unable to check in because a visit was within 4 hours of another. Here's my run down:Trip One: Describe my problem and am told EXACTLY how to take apart what in order to get the part out, and to bring it to them and they will help me.Trip Two: Bring said part. Meet Chris. Learn that Chris is pretty much a rock star. He replaced parts on the thing that wasn't working right. He didn't make me feel like a dumb girl despite my announcing "I'm a dumb girl". He took the time to explain to me what I needed to do. ..... I go home and, not understanding my own strength, overtighten the nut and after realizing my mistake, attempt to remove and replace it. By overtightening it, I had damaged some threads and the part was stuck and rendered useless.Trip Three: Chris sends me home with a whole new assembly and more advice, plus an idea for plan B. At this point stuff is pretty screwed up and it's my fault and I'm just glad he didn't laugh at me and grateful for his knowledge...... I break something else.Trip Four: Chris agrees with me that I'm probably pretty screwed but offers me a tool to borrow that might work.  If I'm really, really lucky...... I go home, confirm that I am in fact screwed...... I called a plumber.Seriously though, I'm not rating my success as a DIY plumber. I'm rating the knowledge and service provided by these guys, and they are above top notch. I, on the other hand, will not be attempting anything even remotely resembling a plumbing project ever again in my life.  Trip Five will be to return the tool and probably bring cookies as a thank-you. I've never brought cookies to a store in my life. I bring cookies to people a lot.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,4/9/2013,121,176,,10,8>Cindy Broc is fabulous. She listens and communicates. The view is great (mountains), design is upscale industrial, parking is not a nightmare, and I was able to be seen on a busy Saturday night the first time I came by. They also carry Bumble and Bumble. Love this place. (Prices are steep but customer service is good and I always walk away with quality hair styling).
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,4/8/2013,20,176,,4,2>I purchased a glider/recliner chair here last week and was very satisfied with the service provided by the staff. They were knowledgeable about how to order the chairs and knew what they had in stock. The prices, while high, were comparable to prices at any other furniture store (I checked several in town). I also noted that the prices for their car seats and strollers and other baby gear are not much higher than prices online and I feel happy to support a local business.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,4/7/2013,61,59,7,6,4>Clean, easy, and fast. Once you get used to the idea of laying half naked and spreading wide, it's already over.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,5/16/2011,2,26,2,6,2>If you've ever been to Paris , you've seen the patisseries lined up with french macrons... elusive to find in the US!  If you've never been to Paris, here's your local outlet!Made of almond flour and sugar and egg whites, with buttercream filling - the macarons are to DIE FOR.  La Bonne Vie's are OUTSTANDING, and will have you thinking French thoughts as you close your eyes in ecstasy!   The charming little shop has perfect little gifts for children and adults, and the people are very helpful and nice.A small box of macarons is the PERFECT hostess gift!Enjoy!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,5/15/2011,50,114,2,2,3>Salmon chowder for the win! Delish! Chock full of delicious things and very filling. I've also tried some chicken dish that was good, just can't remember what it was called. Salads taste fresh and are good. I want to yet the curry salad someday. Potato skins are our favorite appetizer. They didn't have it last time we we went but the Irish Mud Pie ice cream cake is AMAZING!!!!! I dream about it. mmmmmmm. Husband likes the buffalo shepherds pie. It wasn't my taste though. All in all, I will definitely be going back. The owner is an awesome guy and really is.dedicated to his place. He is often in the kitchen making the meals himself. Great experiences here.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,5/14/2011,22,64,4,5,4>Athens. Mykonos. Santorini. Crete. Ios. Olympia. Delphi. Yep. Those are all Greek. Thank you 8th grade geography teacher. Where would I be without you? Our Greek journey started by making a reservation through open table, a nice plus for this Cafe. Although it wasn't necessary when we went, still nice to know they take them. Inside is nice and inviting. Not quite like the Theatre of Dionysos, but a very close second. Did sit by the door and was a little cold, but I am not overly picky, sometimes you draw the close to door stick. Didn't experience the bathroom, so can't comment on other yelpers review. Waiter was very helpful and provided suggestions and popular items as I was newbie for a true Greek establishment. One meal in particular really got him going. Pure enjoyment fell on his face as he described it. I would take his suggestion for dinner. Unfortunately, there were a few in my party who stuck to the Gyro. Namely one of my best guy friends who boasts his love for any type of meat. Much disappoint followed and if any of you have seen Gladiator, in my head, I traveled to a coliseum much like the one in there and began to repeatedly bash his head. We are not a a drive in Greek place. Be adventurous. Now, if its your first Greek experience a Gyro would be ok. Too much? Sorry. Its me, not you.  Lets talk about my meal. High on the slopes of Mount Parnassus, a lamb was going about his day. Eating only anything that came from the earth he was getting in shape and really working on his physique. Next, thunder roars, and a huge burly massive Greek God comes down and snatches this lamb. Next he bathes him in the Sanctuary of Athena for 8 hours in red wine on a bed of Orzo Pasta. A little drizzle of tomato sauce rain pours down and you have Kokkinisto aka my meal. But who was this Greek God. The answer my friends, my fearless waiter. He came, he suggested and he delivered. I knew he had a special treat for me and he drooled a little explaining this was his favorite meal. Great place. My first Greek experience. My 5 star rating may be a little uneducated as I have not traveled through all of Greece here in Utah, but for my first sit down Greek experience. Yahtzee!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2010,5/13/2011,172,109,1,2,2>I come here for one reason.  The iced mochas.  Hands down, the best iced mocha in Salt Lake.  Have you ever walked into *$s and wondered what it must have been like so many years ago when they first started.  You know when they were the local shop brewing coffee because they liked brewing coffee and when they enjoyed getting to meet friendly people while running a business?  Well, stop into Noir.  You can't get more neighborhood than McClelland Street and Second south.  Oh, yea, McClelland is one-way heading south.  I have to admit twice I turned down the street going the wrong way.  I get so excited about getting inside Noir for the mochas that I can't remember how to drive.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,5/11/2011,496,962,12,17,8>People often procrastinate with regard to the spaying and/or neutering of their pets because it costs too much, or it's inconvenient or pick your other favorite excuse. This is how unwanted pregnancies occur people! And when your 4-legged friend gets knocked up, you end up with TWINS! OR WORSE!! You could have an extra 8 or 9 mouths to feed if you're not careful.The answer? Spay and Neuter Clinic of SLC. This place is awesome. Their appointments are convenient. Usually you drop off your pooch, or feline, in the morning and then pick him/her up that same afternoon. Sure he'll be a little groggy. And sure he'll be pissed at you for a few days, but it's all worth it. And this place is cheap! It's been a while, so my memory is foggy, but it seems like the surgery is only around $60 or $70. Many veterenarians charge $300! They only do spay and neuter, and a few other very minor surgeries, here. So they have a great system. They are able to serve a lot of pets and their people each day and that efficiency and volume lowers the price for all. I took my little Mojo in for his snip snip. They noticed his little hernia on his belly and asked me if I wanted them to repair it. I said, "yes please" and was SHOCKED that it only added $10 to the bill! This place really does eliminate all your poor excuses for not taking care of business with your quadrupeds.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,5/10/2011,49,92,2,15,6>This is the second apartment complex I have ever lived in and the only reason it wasn't my first is because there wasn't any available apartments for rent at that time. There's a reason why these apartments go fast...because they're super amazing! For a whole year, I would call the leasing office occasionally to see if there were any available apartments. I called so many times that Liz, the manager, would instantly recognize my voice :)I now live in one of their 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms apartments and it is just breaktaking! They keep their complexes very well-maintainced and the construction of the apartments seem very new even though they've been around since 2002. I was lucky enough to qualify for their low-income program so now I pay as much as I did for my old apartment which was just dreadful.My apartment came with a washer, dryer, microwave, and vacuum cleaner. They pay for your water, sewer, and trash. So all you have to pay is electric, gas, and miscellaneous services (internet, satelite, etc). There's a police officer that lives on the property so I feel a lot safer. When I first moved in, there weren't available reserved parking spots near my building, but as time passed, the management has been able to get me a closer and closer spot. There is a clubhouse available for rental for any events or celebrations until 10 pm. It is open during normal hours for those who are interested in using the gym or hot tub.The management also offers small services like faxing documents locally or notarizing. They have been quickly responsive to any maintenance problems that I needed attention to. My neighbors have been really friendly to me since I've moved in. If you introduce yourself to them and give them a way to contact you when your noise level is too high, you won't get reported or warned for noise disturbance.Parking is one thing that's kind of a bummer. There's not very many open parking spots, so if you don't get off work until late at night, chances are you'll have to park in the street if you share a reserved parking spot with someone else. They offer private garages for those who can afford an extra $50 a month. However, you can't have both a reserved garage and a parking spot - in my opinion, it's better to settle for a parking spot since it's free.My experience at the Jefferson School apartments has been the best.  This will be my second year living here since I was qualified for the income-based program again and was able to sign a new lease. I could see why someone would hate the management though, especially if you get on their bad side. But they're not people who are out to get you. They love their residents and they love what they do :)
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,5/9/2011,12,126,13,6,5>Joe, we gotta talk.No, it ain't about the quality of your omelets. They're fluffy, filled with cheese, sausage, bacon ... all sorts of good stuff. It's not a complaint about the sandwiches; the club is full of ham, turkey, bacon, and a couple of kinds of cheese. The tuna melt is mustardy, tangy and on always perfectly grilled bread.It's about how you're always trying to kill us.You're overt friendliness is just a facade over your desire to do us harm, and I know this because that omelet isn't a breakfast--it's a family buffet on a plate. No man can actually fit that sandwich in his mouth. Pancakes aren't supposed to be confused with comforters. Sure you're killing us with home cooked foodstuffs, and we're coming in and paying you to do us in ... you don't have to be so accommodating though.I'm just saying.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,5/8/2011,46,98,,5,4>Stopped by the WIld Grape for brunch on Sunday and I was very impressed with the place.  The restaurant is well laid out and has a very open and well lit feel to it.  I started off with an americano, which was great.  I ordered the Black Forest Omelette and was totally impressed.  The carmelized onions were cooked perfectly and added a perfect flavor to the omelette.  The service was quite good, the waiter was really friendly and very attentive to our table.Would definitely come back again.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,5/7/2011,210,1036,2,2,4>Thai Garden is my FAVORITE Thai restaurant. The food is consistently good and well prepared. The staff recognize me when I eat here and are always very friendly. The portions are generous but have become smaller over the past year or so. Regardless of that change when I want good Thai food this is the place I go again and again--I love Thai Garden.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,5/6/2011,102,73,,2,1>The Chocolate: how many ways do I love thee? Let me count them...Everyone once in a while, a place comes along that just blows away my expectations. The Chocolate is one such place.In recent years, there has been an explosion of new boutique size cupcake/dessert shops. The Chocolate, in contrast to many of them, manages to balance great desserts with a fun and delightful atmosphere. Rather than just good dessert-and they sell great desserts-the scene, in a cozy home cum bakery, provides a snug site for a quiet date or a group party.But back to the desserts, because that's really all that I care about when I get my craving on...1. The Turtle Brownie: definitely my favorite. Chewy chocolate + smooth peanut butter = heaven.2. The Sugar Cookies: because my wife is a fan, we eat more of these than any other offering at The Chocolate. They're just amazing. With soft cookies and thick sweet frosting, they rarely last long, if they last at all.3. The Red Velvet Cake (or Cupcake): I've not bought a lot of cakes in my day, but the Red Velvet is what a friend ordered for a party I attended at The Chocolate. It's delicious, and I recommend you try it. One slice will not be enough.4. The Carrot Cupcakes: I'm a big carrot cake fan, and if there was one item at The Chocolate that I'd recommend improving, it might be this. I can't quite put my finger on why I don't enjoy it, but it just hasn't sold me.5. The Turtle Tart: this is a new one for me, one I've just recently tried. If you like pecans, thick sticky caramel, and chocolate, then it's the treat for you. Eat it while it's fresh for the best combination of flavor.6. Cupcakes galore. They're nearly all good (or at least, I've not found one I didn't like yet). Moist, well frosted, and not too large, pick your flavor, and enjoy one. Or, maybe, two.7. The Mint Brownies: If I'm ever unsure what to order, or am just not satisfied with one cupcake, one of these always pleases.Yes, there are many reasons I love The Chocolate. A lot.If you're in Orem or West Jordan, make the time to stop by The Chocolate. It's worth it.APROPOS: My Better Half recommends the caramel cupcake or the caramel brownies, neither of which I have tried. The caramel frosting, she says, is amazing.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,7/30/2013,23,137,5,3,4>Liberty Park is great because of the variety. Sometimes I take my son on the paddle boats, sometimes to get wet in the sprinkler part of the playground, and sometimes we just ride the rides. Every visit is a little different.A few reviews here seem to suggest that Liberty Park is filled with drug-addled hippies. I occasionally get homesick for the Bay Area, so you would think Liberty Park would be the perfect place to get a taste of home. But, alas, I have never encountered anything other than happy, picnicking families.  Maybe I go on the wrong days?
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/29/2013,131,102,,5,4>I was a little skeptical about trying this place out but I am sure glad I did... very good and I will definitely be back. I would describe this place as a "Slow Food Diner." First, this is a small place that feels big.  Only a few tables and some counter space.  There is a nice cozy fireplace with some seating which makes it feels very homey.  I ate here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning.  No waiting but all of the tables were full. There were three specials in addition to the regular menu.  I ordered the Lazy Day Deluxe which was a breakfast I have never had (bonus!):  A fried chicken breast sandwich with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg, all on a homemade biscuit.  It came with country gravy (very good), hash browns, and diced fresh tomatoes.  Way too big to eat as a sandwich, which is why it came with a steak knife.  Unusual, but very good... kind of like a deluxe biscuits and gravy,.  My companion had one of the specials - corned beef hash.  This was real corned beef - very fresh - and was cooked with potatoes and parsnips (I love parsnips and very few people cook with them anymore).  On my list of good breakfast places - this place has good coffee and decent bacon.  Another great thing about this place is the vast amount of specialty hot sauce available... an entire sideboard devoted to the stuff.  Great choices, and stuff you can't normally find here in Utah.  Service was a bit slow but once we mentioned we had an appointment to get to, we were quickly taken care of.My only real complaint is that I could not pull up their website or menu on my smartphone.  I just about did not go here because I could not load their webpage.  Fix this little issue and all will be perfect.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,7/28/2013,105,86,1,6,4>Simple review, this is what BBQ is all about ......................... if you are looking for really good BBQ in the Salt Lake valley there is really only three or four options and R&R has to be near the top, or at the top of the list.My friends tell me that I get to excited about food and I tell them that I only get excited about good food, I took those friends to R&R BBQ and they got pretty excited about the food, to which I say, well ya!!I went to R&R one day about 6:00pm and was informed that they were out of almost everything, while disappointing it is a sign of a great BBQ joint, you can't just whip up a brisket, slow cooked brisket takes awhile to cook so when you run out, your out.Speaking of brisket, the brisket at R&R is life changing!!! The brisket here arouses the same pleasure senses that good sex does, OK that's a reach but I am trying to paint a picture of how good this brisket is and that was the first thing that came to mind because I was getting a little excited just thinking about it.OK, a list of the great, 1) The freaking brisket, it is slow cooked, tender, flavorful goodness. 2) The rice and chicken soup. 3) The fresh made homemade rolls. 4) The wings (not as good as Sugarhouse BBQ, but still great). and 5) The red beans & rice, not made the traditional way you would expect but great none the less.Now, the really good, 1) The chicken. 2) The pulled pork. 3) The mac & cheese.And finally, the OK, 1) The ribs, great ribs have to be fall of the bone tender for me and while these ribs were good (much better than Pat's) they did not measure up to the brisket.If nothing else go to R&R and order the brisket, eat the brisket, and repeat ....... trust me, you will want seconds no matter how full you are.Until next time follow Yelpers ........................ Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can Buy Local!!!!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,7/27/2013,26,54,4,3,1>Woohoo! As good as it gets! Ha, I had to. But really, wohoo. I'm a fan. Living up to the Provo, Utah stereotype, I got married young. Like, eye-rolls welcome type of young. And I look like a child as it is so...that's great. Ha. The other jewelry stores sort of passed me off when I  went in to scout out some engagement rings but Wilson's, good ole Wilson's(!), they welcomed me like  I was some sort of queen and helped me through the whole process while asking socially acceptable questions about my engagement/fiance/wedding plans/etc. It was so refreshing! They even gave me freshly baked cookies which is like, the way to my heart.I've gone back other times to get my ring cleaned, and they are always so friendly! They either pretend or perhaps actually remember me and ask about married life and other some such things. And they have Cafe Rio mints so....two thumbs up.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,7/26/2013,146,292,5,8,7>I'm a firm believer that Amurricans need to rein in their crapulence and consume a whole lot less. The Avenues Proper Publick House (or APP, for a more descriptive acronym) agrees to a fault. When you leave the restaurant you'll be impressed at the space and pleased with the lingering tastiness. You will also be quite a bit poorer, and you will almost certainly still be hungry.There is a lot of good food to be had, from the frites to the popcorn to the asparagus to the pâté (more like meatloaf) to the pickles. Even the rarebit is delicious, assuming you can actually spot the portion on your table. Seriously, three small toasts. Seriouslyer, a pickle plate with three green beans, one small cippolini onion, and three half-inch hunks of pickle.Because the food was all good, and because their in-house English Pale Ale was SHOCKINGLY Good, I'm giving APP four stars. But I also know that I'll visit infrequently until the price to portion ratio stops adhering to some crazy British system and settles on a more equitable metric.(Ok, so I just read a bunch of the other reviews. Except for some ridiculous outliers [now I'm really committed to my 4-star review even though they only deserve three], there's a lot of consensus. If the APP is listening, they'll figure this out. Simplify their menu(s) and serve the right food at the rice price in the right quantities. If they do that, I think they'll succeed bigtime.)
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,7/25/2013,96,160,1,6,5>OMG, actually an Asian bakery in Utah!Few words. The pastries are absolutely authentic and delicious! My favorites are taro buns and sausage buns. Once I buy some, I cannot stop eating all of the buns. I am trying not to go there a lot or I will get fat! Hehe...The lady is very friendly and tried to offer me a job at another Asian restaurant. lolI am so glad to find this little Chinese Bakery.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/9/2013,7/24/2013,89,25,6,9,7>For some reason quite a few men in my life are regulars here. I join them from time to time, either during the lunch hour or for a quick after-work drink. This is definitely a local's kind of a bar, dive-y and unpretentious. Noone's here to impress, and the interior's nothing special. It's a small place with the bar and 2 or 3 vinyl booths in the front, and a few random seats in the back next to the lone pool table. In my experience Barb is the best bartender as far as attitude, attentiveness and efficiency. No booth service, so you'll need to get up and order at the bar. Drinks are cheap and people are weird. There's a small patio out front where smoking is permitted. It kind of reminds me of Lucky 13's patio--ugly black wrought iron tables and chairs. Despite its appearance, though, it is a nice stretch of 300 S for people-watching. But in my opinion the better people-watching happens inside the bar. I can say with certainty that among the regulars are newscasters, journalists, convicted criminals, attorneys, computer geeks and at least one private investigator. So if that's your sort of thing, and it's definitely mine, grab a seat at the bar and chat up the patron next to you. Who knows what you'll find.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,7/23/2013,54,206,4,10,4>It looks like a strip mall Indian restaurant, right? With strip mall Indian food, and faux Indian decor, right?Wrong!Despite being situated in the middle of a parking lot, and surrounded by a GNC, McDonald's, a hair salon, and a grocery store, Kathmandu is a surprising, refreshing, and spicy treat.  The menu includes Indian and Nepali cuisine:  Some things that I'd heard of (Thali, Paneer, Masala, Tandori), some unique twists on standard  fare (multiple "chillis", stuffed naan, and variety of soups), and some stuff I'd never heard of before (Jwanu and Methi cooked meats, goat everything...).  While I admit I am a Nepalese food newb, I was surprised by the rich, deep and spicy flavors.  The wife was thrilled that they have a huge vegetarian menu, not as an afterthought or dishes just made without the meat, but a good wide variety.I'm on a tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich kick, and I can't wait to go back and try their take on tomato soup and stuffed cheese naan!I hear that lots of people like to come for lunch buffet, but I'd suggest a nighttime, cooked-to-order, affordable meal.  I know we'll be coming back again and again.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,7/22/2013,349,631,3,4,3>Finally! A decent Pho place in the southern part of Salt Lake area, I was reserve about them at first since the last owner of this location under a different name who also served pho was a bit disappointing.  The area is generally not crowded and easy to find.  They have a very big place here, huge kitchen, and large dining area.  I like the middle side entrance better than the east end entrance used by previous owner.I always get either the Pho 33 or Bun Bo Hue.  Maybe I will try their rice plates in the future.  You know a bowl of pho means business when it has ox tail in it, although I am not a big fan of it, but it seems legit.  The pho flavor had a nice balance in it and soup tasted good.  Bun Bo Hue also had great flavor, the meats were tender and spices, and I added extra spiciness as usual.  The jalapenos were fresh, that makes a big difference.Other side item including the fried egg rolls and spring rolls were good.  I like how they pre-added the spicy sauce into the fish dipping sauce. The chicken wings were not bad either, a nice Asian flavor on them.Pho 33 is always the pho king place of the south.  Staffs were quite friendly as well. Residents in the Sandy area can now enjoy great pho in their neighborhood as well.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,7/21/2013,81,221,,3,2>I hadn't been to the old location but loved the new space. Very modern and open. Not to mention, the iced coffee was fabulous. Will definitely enjoy frequenting this place in the warm months for the patio and excellent coffee.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,10/11/2012,8,38,,3,3>I've only been to Moochies once and of course since it was my first time going in, I had to get the ever famous "Guy Fieri" meatball sub.The sub itself was a mess to eat, but with added toppings of banana peppers, it made it sooo damn good. With the two sides, it totaled to about $15.  I thought that was a little high for a "quick" food restaurant but you get what you pay for. The sub, I mean.  The sub is worth every cent, but the sides, meh.  They are just mediocre.  I am usually not this picky but when it comes out to be $15, I think the whole meal should be "wow".I would like to try the other deli styled subs and the philly (of course) and I think I'll have to re-review this place when I do.Overall, it's got good food.  It's messy, it's a sub, it's unhealthy, but hey, isn't that why we eat something that tastes good?  Worth checking out and a staple to the SLC food community.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,10/10/2012,52,346,2,2,3>I really enjoy coming here for sporting events. I love the way the patio is setup with 4 TVs. I have tried all kinds of things off the menu. And never once been disappointed. I especially like the Saturday BBQ they have. Cheap burgers, dogs and beer!!! It is always right up my alley. The prices on the beer is really cheap. Can't wait to come back for the football season.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,10/9/2012,314,135,2,5,3>I got to say I love this place or it's one of my favorites in Utah. It's decently priced for what youre getting. So, I know they're known for their monfogos, but I wouldn't get this here. The dish is kinda dry for my liking and they make it different now than they use to anyways or they serve it differently.So what would I get? Hands down, without a second thought it would have to be the bistec empanado arroz habichuelas tostones with a little modification to the plate. For myself I prefer sweeter so I like to the plantains cooked amarillos style over tostones like because I believe plantains are probably riper which gives it a sweeter taste and they are fried til they become a yellow brown color. Tostones are more dry and hard and like a flat patty. This is what's in the monfogo which is why I think that dish is dry. Also, instead of the rice they give you w/ the bistec I would substitue that with the yellow red rice that I have pictured with the beans in it.So how is the meat cooked? Think of a country fried steak. It's similar to that in that it's breaded and then fried. The flavors are different though. The type of meat they use is different too. It's a thinner slice of beef which not to worry about if you dont think you'll get full cause it is quite big. Instead, of gravy like in country fried steak they have they're own sauce that they put on top which I love cause I love sauce and it helps in adding to the meat in not having it be dry. I know I'm on the right track with this dish since my friends got something else and they tried my dish and want to come back and get it.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/8/2012,42,127,1,6,4>I haven't given out 5 stars in awhile. I also haven't had a burger this good...ever. I put off going here because I was expecting a dive bar greasy shame burger. Not the case...Buns from a local bakery, house-smoked bacon (the bacon adds a lot of flavor), and very creative options. I most recently had the nut butter: peanut butter + bacon + burger. It was as good as it sounds. Good beer priced well also. $5 for Fin du Monde, and pretty much any other beer on the menu. Fried pickles...
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/5/2012,65,59,10,14,2>I've only been there three times since I discovered the place a month ago (and one time I didn't even eat anything -   I just smelled the air and bought stuff for friends.  No, no - real friends.  Not "air quotes" friends).Things I might have said recently about Bake 360:I really didn't mean to get in my car, drive 10.24 miles, and purchase baked goods there.  It just happened.I haven't gone there like, 26 out of the last 30 days.  So I don't have a problem. Those are not crumbs all over my car.  I don't know what you're talking about.I wouldn't have to go if there were better bakeries close by.Sigh.My name is Kristin.  And I'm a Bake 360-aholic. (This is where you supportively  say, "HI, Kristin!")All you South Valley-ites... remember when the very best bakery around was Costco?  Remember when you had to drive allllllllllllllllll the way downtown to eat a decent pastry?  Remember when the only artisan baked goods could be found at Harmon's?I have new memories for you to create.  Buttery, flaky, crispy, rich, perfectly concocted memories of deliciousness for your senses.My friend Shannon got me hooked on this place.  So, really, this "problem" is all Shannon's fault.  See, Shannon served a mission in France.  Shannon ate at Bake 360 before I did.  Shannon wrote the following on Facebook: "I just had the best pain au chocolat (chocolate croissant) I've had since I left France."I trust Shannon on matters of food.  I trust her doubly on matters of French fare.  So off we went.I gained four pounds that day.  I'm sure of it.We had pain au chocolate (flaky, perfect amount of semisweet luscious high quality chocolate, crispy, buttery, heavenly).We had croissant filled with prosciutto and Gruyere (salty, crispy, cheesy, buttery, luxurious).We had (drum roll please)... salted caramel eclair.   Use your imagination.  It's not much of a stretch to imagine because it is every bit as delicious as it sounds.On a later visit, we had Gateau Basque.  Perfect.  Beautiful.  And a little challenging to eat in the car.We have many, many more things yet to try.  And try them we will.And so, dear friend, you should go and do likewise.  And take a friend or two.Your mouth will thank you.  Your friends will thank you.  And a locally owned artisan mom and pop shop will thank you.Show 'em some love.  Just, uh... finish chewing first.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/4/2012,47,191,,5,4>We popped in last Sunday, just deciding to try some place new. We were seated within 5 or 10 minutes and settled in with our beverages soon after. The staff was attentive and helpful. Coffee was left on the table in a carafe! This is huge people! I didn't have to bug anyone for refills. I forgot how much I've missed that from breakfast joints back east. Points to Britton's for being a little old school. Everything was hot and delicious. I got the garbage hash with a substitution and they did everything I asked. We were a little high maintenance that day, but you'd never know it, the staff was so kind to get what we requested. We'll be back. Save me a carafe.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,10/3/2012,64,99,2,5,5>I found this place by way of check-ins from people I follow.  I noticed the constant stream of check-ins and I knew it was a place I had to try.  At the time of writing this review, it has been open for a little over two weeks and what an addition it is to the SLC food scene. It is nothing like Curry in a Hurry, which I really dislike, but it is the same owners/  The restaurant is located where many previous restaurants have been located in the past years.  As described by the owner, it is like what KFC is in Pakistan.  This is neither a fast food restaurant nor a formal sit down restaurant.  I ordered the curry fried chicken platter that came with two pieces of fried chicken, a little salad, lentils, rice, and a potato curry ($10).  They also give you some hummus and pita to start off.  The chicken was extra crispy.  They cook it to order that way it is fresh and boy is it worth it (plan on 10 minutes).  The chicken has the slightest taste of curry, but was noticeable, delicious, and juicy.  The salad and other items were a little less flavorful, but were still satisfying.  They have other items on the menu such as sandwiches and you can get single pieces of chicken (about $1.50).  They have a assortment of Coke beverages.  I would definitely recommend the chicken whether in the plate form or single pieces.  The bathrooms are clean and there is limited parking on the side of the building and on the street.  I think the portions are fairly representative of what you pay.  So be on the look out for my check-ins.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,10/2/2012,42,124,4,6,5>You might want to get comfortable before reading this, because it's going to take a minute. Meditrina is one of those little restaurants that ends up giving the diner an entire experience, not just a meal. SO CLICHE, right? But it's true. It's a tapas-style establishment, so the small plates are perfect for sharing with friends. I've been a few times now, and it works really well when each person in the dining party orders something different, because then we all had the chance to sample a bite or two of each.My most recent visit was a little while ago, but it still bears reviewing because it was so fantastic. I wanted to take my girlfriend somewhere nice for a fancy-ish date night, and Meditrina didn't disappoint. Our menu choices were:Artisan cheese plateMacaroni and cheese topped with crushed BuglesProsciutto-wrapped grilled pears with balsamicAlbondigas (pork meatballs) with a sour cherry vinaigrette and apricot quinoaPanko-crusted pork tenderloin with black-eyed peasDrunken OreosBruleed bananas with Nutella mousseNorth Valley pinot noirWe like to eat, okay?!Each one of these items was outstanding. My favorites were the grilled pears, albondigas, and the tenderloin. They were flavorful and cooked to perfection. I wanted roughly 23 more meatballs after sampling the ones they brought to us. The bruleed bananas and Nutella mousse dessert is also life-changing.Something else that bears noting: the service at Meditrina is outstanding. The servers bring out the plates at perfect intervals, allowing plenty of time between waves of food to relax, sip wine, and enjoy the food. Our server was helpful, personable, and encouraged us to take our time with dinner (we were there for maybe close to two hours). The interior is warm and inviting, and the outdoor patio is extremely pleasant. It's not cheap to dine here, but I'd say that also depends on how much food you order.Look, I'm a burger & beer kinda guy, not a wine & tapas one. But Meditrina changed my mind, and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,9/30/2012,70,43,6,8,5>So look.  I hate running.  Despise it.  But I'm not getting any younger & have decided in the past year or so that I'd better start doing something to keep in shape.  But one thing that I DO like about running is the instant cool-people club you magically get into when you say you're a runner.  Suddenly you start finding yourself talking about split times & "OMG can you believe how fast that such & such half sold out?!" and discussing the pros & cons of all the different GUs and gels and tablets & you think to yourself who AM I?! Anyway, I digress.  The ultimate cool-people running hangout in SLC is definitely Salt Lake Running Co.  They've got a sweet store filled with the best in shoes, clothes, socks, fuel & everything else you never knew you needed for this sport.  They've got knowledgeable & nice salespeople.  They've got prices that are sure, a little higher than say, buying running shorts at Target, but it's because they carry the best quality brands.  And if there's one thing I've learned is that you don't mess around with lower-quality clothing that might possibly cause chafing when you're in the middle of a long 13+ mile run.  Ahem. So I really like SLRC.  I'm in the market for new shoes & they're going to be my first stop!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/29/2012,146,292,6,5,2>I wish Franck's weren't located at the end of the world in Holladay. On the other hand, eating Franck's food too frequently would lead to a delicious coronary event. Heed this warning: Always order the petite portion of the meatloaf.As our server said (effusively), "It's all about the sauces!" I'm inclined to agree.One of the best things we had, remarkably, was a salad with watermelon, spiced peanuts, and a pineapple vinaigrette.The least impressive dish was a chilled soup of sundried tomatoes and ginger (too sweet and monotone).The moules frites were very nice in their creamy-yet-still-bright sauce. Franck's fries are phenomenal.The fried chicken and meatloaf were both very solid.The lemon dessert trio went one for three: Awful brulee (too liquid in texture and dish soapy in flavor); weird and not very successful Napoleon; delicious and refreshing lemon ice cream.The staff was excellent, even cheerfully and conspiratorily granting our request for a table far from the She-Twit who applied her cloying perfume with a firehose. Come on, people, just because you've self-cauterized your nasal passages with your stinkwater doesn't mean the rest of us can't have our meals ruined by your stench.They also made us excellent pre-game gimlets and Tom Collinseses. Watching the kitchen on the TV is quite instructive. I learned this lesson: Order the fish. Not only might doing so allow you to finish your meal without a nap, but The Man himself fired every filet that evening.[Final bite: I was ogling another table's fondue, and only later did I realize it was Coach Sloan doing the due. Go Jazz!]
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,6/7/2013,19,93,,5,3>I recently tried the mushroom, prosciutto, and sausage pizza and it was pretty tasty. The only thing was that the bottom crust was more on the spongy side for my tastes as far as pizzas go. Amazing flavor and well worth trying. I also had the steak sandwich with parmesan. Also had great flavor and wasn't too heavy. It was a tad on the dry side so I wouldn't have minded some sort of pesto or other sauce. Maybe horseradish? I'm no chef so take it with a grain of salt. Either way I once again left very content. If you're craving a pastry with your coffee try the palmier. Small, flaky, sweet but buttery goodness. Maybe get two. The chocolate croissant is deliciously decadent too. The staff is also very friendly and attentive.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,6/6/2013,56,239,,5,4>What a wonderful surprise! I recently dined at this quaint little restaurant and enjoyed some delicious chicken tikka massala and butter naan. I was in heaven, yum! The serving size was generous and I got plenty of naan. Price was very reasonable as well. The service was also excellent and friendly! Will be back again ;)
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,6/5/2013,100,149,,6,5>SLC always seems to get the latest food trends several years after all the hype.  By the time Portland's food trucks were building bricks and mortar varietals, we only just got our first few trucks on the street. Hey, that's cool by me.  I think that typically means we let others get the good/bad/ugly figured out and we see a fairly matured well thought out version of trends.Case in point, Finca. Spanish cuisine has been a dahhhling of the bigger foodie world for a while now, in fact it almost became passe I'd say by the time Finca graced our streets.What we get though is a well considered tapas orientated restaurant viewed through the lense of local producers and farms.  Certainly its not trying to be the typical tapas eatery, if such a thing can even be said to exist. Its doing its own thing while name checking a few touch stones such as tortilla, gazpacho and what have you.This is one of the coolest new additions to SLC in 2012, prices are fair, its a fun space sure its a bit loud. The team are great guys and I expect to see some exciting things as they really start to push the envelope of what a local tapas restaurant can be.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,6/4/2013,109,387,,10,7>I Kinda fell in love with this place.A group of friends and I went there by recommendation of one the girls that was in the group that had been there before.It's a tiny place in the middle of a shopping plaza of one of those small cheap super markets. We go in, and we are wowed by the lighting, the mood, the atmosphere, and mostly... THE MUSIC. They play electronic music... Some chill house and trance. We were delighted by deadmau5, kaskade, gabriel and dresden, and so many other artist that are just big in the EDM scene, so it was bomb.The food was off the hook my peeps. Tapas style kind of place. Small plates that are meant to be shared by a nice group of friends. It's an Asian version of Eva, if you've ever eaten there.Everything in the menu was delicious. There were like 10 of us, so we tried it all pretty much, and every single item was incredible. The wings, the lettuce wraps, the shrimp, and the egg rolls were probably my favorite, but every item was perfect.They also offer a ton of different sake cocktails that were pretty fun to try. The spritzer was my favorite. The service was nice and attentive, and we loved every second of this place.I'm worried they are not getting enough clientele because of their location. PLEASE PEOPLE. The area and the entrance might be deceiving, but it is freaking perfect.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/3/2013,69,191,6,9,5>It took me a little while to comprehend what was going on around me. Eventually my brain was able to process...so this is what great service feels like.Pre-show dinner turned into a four-course dining experience worthy of well, ME. First course was the Caesar salad. I am no way a salad girl, give me meat or give me death I would say. My wonderful companion was jonesing for one, so our waitress Elizabeth (yes I still remember her name since she was that good) made sure a larger one was made so I could have some. I reluctantly have to say that it was good; the housemade dressing did not overpower the salad. Second course was the "Italian Tempura", the heaven of fried seafood. The batter was just right, all thin and yummily (this should be a word) crunchy.I had the braised sea bass special with more seafood in a tomato basil sauce. Delicious! My friend had the veal with crostini. I had a bite, and it had my stamp of approval. We were not planning on dessert but Elizabeth came through again and brought over hot chocolate with some biscotti. My friend enjoyed it.I'm hungry just writing this review.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,6/2/2013,30,142,,4,5>Their buffet is one of the best Indian buffets out there! And fresh naan bread brought to you? Can't beat that. The service was great and always has been. Another big plus for me is that the buffet is very clean. I'm sometimes hesitant to go to some buffets because of the cleanliness factor. This place passes for sure!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/31/2013,1710,637,3,8,6>I'm going to say it. Spedelli's makes the BEST PHILLY IN UTAH. Every philly I've ordered here (which is ALL I order here) has been so flavorful, juicy, and over-the-top satisfying.Yesterday's philly was no different. I love consistency.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,5/29/2013,161,113,3,1,3>We spent about 6 hours here on Saint Patricks Day. It was my first time at Murphy's and was a great place to pull up a bar stool, have some Irish beer and watch the crowd of people in costume come and go. The employees were very nice and the "regulars" started up a conversation about something I don't quite remember... Overall it was a great experience!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,5/28/2013,48,176,5,6,1>Buying a used car is usually an unsavory task. You put on the war paint, watch "The Apprentice" to brush up negotiating skills, and plan a long day of back-and-forth with the salesman that reminds you of your worst brother in law and has a "Y" after his name to be more friendly.So here I am, Braveheart paint on, ready to overcome the Used Car manager and his red pen of pain. Fully prepared to fight it out for that lowest price that I know I want while he tells me "I have to make something on this car..."  Anticipating the tactics we have all come to know and love. Dreading the 4+ hours of negotiations on the line of nuclear arms talks.Enter Henry Day Ford.  My car buying experience her was, well, uneventful. No fighting. No bickering. No red pen. They are a "no haggle" dealership which means just that. Here's the price, take it or leave it.  After running several of their used cars through a few websites I found most of their pricing to be extremely fair and went with the take it option.I will be going back to HDF.  But if they are not careful, they will give used car salesmen a good name.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/27/2013,605,129,14,23,17>I came to Forage to celebrate my birthday in January with a reservation through OpenTable with Vinh H.  My dining experience can be described as the perfect synergy between exceptional service&knowledge and an astounding culinary experience achieved through great skill in preparing intensely focused food.  One must personally experience Forage to truly relate to this review of my dining experience.We had a difficult time finding the location because there was not an obvious Forage sign and by the time we arrived, it was too late to make our reservation.  They have a 15 minute grace period, and if you fall outside that period, they won't be able to accommodate due to the nature of their rounds.  They were very kind to offer to contact another restaurant for us so that we can have dinner at another venue, and even rescheduled us for the earliest time they can the next evening.  They were absolutely kind and definitely showed that they cared about making our evening the best they could.  The next day we came back, and all servers, chefs, and the hostess were very kind and even signed the evening's menu as a birthday card for me.  With each course, there was a unique and separate stimulation of a different part of my taste buds and textures varied, which equated to a most enjoyable experience.  Overall, I did enjoy everything, even the courses that stimulated very foreign taste sensations to me.What Vinh H and I each had in this order (all are in the photos section):Wine Pairing #1: Alma Negra, Sparkling Rose of MalbecCourse #1: CiderCourse #2: BuckwheatCourse #3: Horseradish and green appleCourse #4: Trout SkinCourse #5: Sunchokes cooked in hayBread with vinaigrette, locally made butter, and saltWine Pairing #2: 2009 John Jos Prum Riesling Kavinett Wehlener SonnenuhrCourse #6: Beets with walnutsWine Pairing #3: 2010 Pascal Jolivet Sancerre Sauvignon BlancCourse #7: Fresh roe warmed over pine branchesCourse #8: Carrots with marinated duckWine Pairing #4: Domaine de la Cadette Le Chatelaine Burgundy ChardonnayCourse #9: Trout with vegetable shoots, roasted trout brothCourse #10: Potato, egg yolk and salt lake seaweedCourse #11: Cabbage in different forms with aged lambWine (actually beer) Pairing #5: Epic Brewing Exponential Series Blue Law PorterCourse #12: Onion in vegetable toffee, grains and mushroomsWine Pairing #6: 2009 El Castro de Valtuille Mencia JovenCourse #13: Elk with turnips and fermented elderberriesWine Pairing #7: 2011 Saracco Moscato d'AstiCourse #14: Pumpkin and buttermilkCourse #15: Celery root and pineCourse #16: Sunchokes with salted butter ice creamCourse #17: Malted and burnt cinnamonChef made truffles on rocksGranola to goTip 1: Forage looks like a home, so look for the most lit-up establishment neighboring a billboard and you can park in the back.  Parking is limited though, so you can also park in the corner of the block and walk in.Tip 2: Make sure to ask as many questions as you'd like--everyone is very knowledgeable as to how all courses are made and the history of the wine and how it came to be chosen to be paired with each course.Tip 3: The cost of the meal is $87 per person, wine pairings $59, juice and non-alcoholic drink pairings $26.  I highly recommend doing the wine pairing with the courses, or the non-alcoholic drink pairing if you do not drink.*******************Happy 100th Review! :)*****************************
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/30/2013,67,88,5,2,2>Ok so this was my first time at this location as the newer location is actually closer to where I work. Just had one of those days where I couldn't decide what sounded good. I'm glad I stopped.First I have to get this out of the way, if you are coming for lunch and do not plan on eating there, call ahead. This place gets busy and it is not the largest of spaces. That said, go there. It is so good.I got my Brisket Pho Bahn Mi to go and I did not make it 3 blocks until the smell of the sandwich made me rip open the packaging and begin to devour it while at a traffic stop. Seriously, I had no control over what was going on. The sandwich possessed me. Luckily I was ok with it.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,4/29/2013,66,56,,5,3>First of all YUMMMMM!!!!!!  Everything I have had here has been incredible.  My personal favorite is the corned beef hash.  They make it in house, no canned meat in this corned beef hash! To top of the amazingness of the corned beef hash they serve it with their hot cakes.  The hot cakes are a perfect combination of fluff and density. Perfectly sweet without being too sweet.  The service is always friendly and quick.  In the warmer times of the year they have an outside patio that I love to sit on to visit with friends or read a book and drink a cup of coffee.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/28/2013,106,206,2,12,5>Well, I'm both thrilled and sad that this place has only gotten mediocre reviews.  Thrilled because I don't want this place to get too crowded since I LOVE it, and sad because I think that this place is better than the reviews make it out to be.Let's just start off saying that I went to eat here three times in the last week.  In my opinion, this is the best, freshest, and most authentic Chinese food in Salt Lake City.  I had been disillusioned by Chinese food in SLC after going to Red Maple, Cafe Anh Hong, Golden Dragon, etc.  One of my Taiwanese friends bought me here one Sunday night, and I texted her on Monday asking when we could go again. And then I went on Saturday too.  This place is open 7 days a week (that's right- NOT closed on Sunday!) and is open late as well.  I hope they continue staying open late, but I'm afraid that over time it might not make sense since I doubt it's very busy until midnight or 1am....  this being Utah and all.I think perhaps the difference is that when I'm there with my Taiwanese friend, we don't order off the menu and Amy Aiyi just brings us out what she thinks we'll like.  And she's usually right.  The menu itself is huge, but when she's pointed out what she's ordered for us, it starts to be less overwhelming.  And despite the name, the BBQ is just fine, but the real star here is the homestyle Chinese cooking.  The first time we went, we had a fish, pickled cabbage, and tofu soup that was just sensational.  I felt like I was eating at home.  The broth was clear, the soup wasn't overseasoned, and the whole of it was a clean wholesome taste that just made me feel comforted.  She also brought out a tofu and chicken casserole which was also tasty and delicious.  They make their own tofu, and it's incredibly silky and melts in your mouth.  They have a million different types of rice porridge, which is my own personal comfort food.  Here, it's really done well.  If I had a choice, I'd have it every morning for breakfast.So, try it out if you will... I do want them to stay in business, and rent in this new Chinatown complex can't be cheap.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/27/2013,114,115,8,16,9>After much begging and pleading, these competition winning BBQ'ers have finally opened a restaurant where I can get my fix on a regular basis. Your first visit should definitely include their signature ribs. They do it dry so you can taste all the great flavor and juiciness. You can add as much or as little of their two sauces (for now) as you like.Another favorite that is a carryover from competition are their wings, wonderfully smoked tender then fried for a crispy skin. I like to get mine naked as I don't like a lot of sauce. With all this great meat they didn't forget to put the same care into their sides. The fried okra is taken from a family recipe, fresh cut, lightly battered so you can really taste the okra. The hush puppies have a great light texture and a healthy onion flavor but not so much I can't return to work. I haven't been this excited about a place in a bit, and it's well worth it. Added bonus, they're open for dinner as well so I can get my fix twice a day.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,4/26/2013,99,162,,3,5>Forget the KCs. The DDs. The ABCs. It's all about the BCDs.My love for Banbury Cross Donuts is a sickness.  Having tried their doughnuts two weeks or so ago, I have since returned four times for many glorious, addictive dozens of doughnuts.  And I live in Park City. 18.6 miles away.But, these doughnuts have become an obsession.  They're just that good.  Other Yelpers are correct: the cinnamon is fabulous - especially when warm.  But, every doughnut is a delight in and of itself.And, the bear claws.  Oh, the bear claws.  They're like perfect combinations of all things good (in a Wonka-esque fashion).With three Dunkin Donuts opening up their doors next year, it is so important to remember what a classic doughnut is.  And Banbury Cross nailed it.  So, thank you for indulging my nostalgia, and reminding me why my local doughnut shop was such a magical place when I was a kid.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,4/25/2013,70,238,,4,2>Chicken Larb is my dish. Every Thai restaurant makes it just a little bit differnt. I use this dish as a barometer to judge the overall food quality. As I sat down I was greeted by a very nice wait staff and was promptly brought a bowl of free soup. Not sure what it was but it was really good. The Larb I order was requested to made spicy. It soon came and was perfect.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,4/24/2013,17,8,,7,3>We just happened on this pub by accident and we were delighted! Nothing fancy, but it's a nice space. We were greeted right away by a friendly fellow and given a nice, concise menu. They have salads and burger's along with some standard pub fare such as, fish and chips, bangers and mash, and my recommendation--Bangers and Mac. This twist on Mac and cheese is delicious! A lager cheese sauce that is not too thick, pasta cooked perfectly with sliced sausage topped with crispy bacon pieces. What's not to love?I can't comment on their beer as I don't drink, but the service was on point and I would go back. I would have given it 5 stars if it had Coke instead of Pepsi! :-)
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,4/23/2013,22,8,,4,3>It's good, real good. Wild Mushroom Pesto Sauce is out of this world, try it on the Masterpiece. The crust isn't super thick but not real thin, crispy with just a little chew. They don't serve beer or booze so we always do delivery or pick up. Their topping selection is really great, with something for everyone. Also, check their coupons section on their website. Good deals. All-in-all, this is our new go-to pizza.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,4/22/2013,66,164,5,7,6>Update:  I heard their prime rib had been upgraded recently, so my wife and I stopped in to check out the Grotto.  What did I think?  Yes, it was excellent--a perfect medium rare, juicy, tender, great temperature, good crust, not too much fat, good size (twelve ounce) excellent au jus and horseradish . . . The rolls were better than my last visit as well. The cake was good, as always, and the service was quiet, helpful, and knowledgable.  We went early so it wasn't too busy, and were able to chat with the chef about our favorite local restaurants, fois gras, whether the French Laundry is worth the price of admission, Gordon Ramsey, etc.  All in all, a great time and great food.  Tip:  One note, however.  While I liked the Mediterranean onion soup, it was pretty salty.  Next time I'll opt for the salad when I'm getting something like Prime Rib to contrast the savory flavors with something crisp and fresh.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,4/21/2013,64,75,,4,2>I've been eating at Desert Edge for YEARS....back when it was The Puc.  We still call it The Pub!Winners: Monday & Friday pasta of the day! I've been eating them both for 25+ years!  Delicious!!!!Nachos - awesome!French Onion Soup = the BEST!Any sand which =!AMAZING! You won't be disappointed!Great beers offered too!!Love sitting outside on the patio too!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,3/17/2012,434,167,5,3,4>I have a confession. I reeeeally enjoy dive bars. The scummier the better, in my personal opinion. I even often get "dressed up" and head out, perhaps in hopes of changing my ways and going to a frou frou club. But no. I always end up at the dirtiest bar in town.. its a habit I can't drop. And in this case, I'm glad my addiction brought me here.       This place is cheap, the drinks are stiff (from what I've had in Utah, anyway), and its completely no-frills. Even though I was wearing a dress and heels, I didn't feel out of place at all. Also, my fellow patrons were extremely friendly, which is refreshing, coming from California, where people rarely talk to you. They don't serve any food, but its pretty cool that the surrounding restaurants (Eva and Robins Nest) will deliver food to the bar, just for you. :)  The only negative part of the experience was a creepy Jersey Shore-esqe guido that proceeded to hit on me (with my boyfriend in the bathroom, mind you), put jaeger bombs on my tab, and then tried to sell me drugs. Which really has nothing to do with the bar... in fact, the staff promptly took said bombs off, telling me that Jersey Shore guy "sucks".       I'm not sure who was working when Ryan S. went, but the bartender, Wes, that was taking care of us was super cool, and rather cute. ;) I thought it was funny that he felt bad that I used to back, somewhat disgusting Unisex bathroom, when there was a perfectly good womens restroom tucked in the front corner that I didnt see... He was also very patient in explaining the weird Utah drinking laws that I was confused about. (By the way, SERIOUSLY guys??? So strange...)      We stayed a good 2 hours and I think our tab was maybe 35 bucks, including a couple games of pool. All in all, a score in my book. Will be back, Cheers!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,3/16/2012,81,221,,4,2>Just had a delightful dinner about a week ago. I love Middle Eastern cuisine and I love the various options that Mazza has to offer. We are big fans of eating everything with Labneh. This is a thick, greek yogurt that is strained to create a very tangy, cheese type of starter. I order this everywhere and while my place in NYC makes it the best, Mazza is a close runner up. Our dinner this particular evening was a lovely, cozy experience. 15th and 15th is one of my favorite areas in the city so it was a nice departure from the downtown restaurant frenzy.I am deducting a star for the pita bread. It tasted as though it was old and just reheated in the microwave. Definitely was lacking the light, soft texture that I crave for sopping up every flavor on our subsequent meals. But on to the main attraction. My dining companion had a simple chicken kebab...it was good and came with a nice dipping sauce. My meal stole the show. I ordered the Lamb and Rice Dolaa. A very simple dish with rice and braised lamb, but the spices created such a rich flavor. I loved it! Adding some of the labneh cut through the richness and created the perfect bite. Paired with a glass of their house red wine and I was a pretty happy lady. I will be back for more!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,3/15/2012,46,167,,4,3>La Costa has everything you want in a Mexican restaurant. From the minute we walked in, everyone scrambled to be of assistance. We asked to sit outside--it was a perfectly temperate evening--and they promptly wiped down the tables so there was absolutely no dust. :) Nice touch. Staff was so on top of it. Water glasses always full. Waiter even smelled good. ;)The food was great. Piping hot plate, served quickly, refried beans all melty with the cheese on top all melty too. I got the #1 combo which was a shredded chicken enchilada (great enchilada sauce and cheese on top--so yummy) pork tamale (perfectly thick ground corn and super tender meat!) and shredded beef taco (also super-tender meat. Slow cooked perhaps?) The salsa that was served as the appetizer was really good. Big onion chunks and all. I went with my 2 kids and our bill was $18. (We just ordered a plate for my youngest--no meal of her own.) I was purposely trying to keep it low, we could have easily spent more, so it could have gotten pricey.  There was not a bite of food left when we left the table. So I guess, my only criticism is that it could get expensive.  I could have easily fed the 3 of us Mexican somewhere else for less, but the quality here made it worth it.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,3/14/2012,375,534,6,7,4>Totally solid arepas joint. I got the Pabellon with fried plantains, shredded beef, black beans and cheese-- great with their house guacamole. Their arepas are humongous and loaded with an insane amount of meat.We could've passed on their hot sauce, which besides offering a generic spiciness, had little in the way of flavor and didn't lend much to the arepas.I don't know about you, but sometimes you just want to sit in your car in a pawn shop parking lot scarfing down a piping hot arepa and drinking some icy cold grape soda in a can.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,3/13/2012,51,331,5,7,4>Pho Cali is one of my favorite pho places in the valley. Don't come in expecting much for ambiance. I love the fact that the owner lady is always there, and will come by frequently to make sure everything tastes great. We started with potstickers as our appetizer, and they were nicely cooked and delicious.And now, on to the pho. If you order the large size, be prepared for a bowl containing about a gallon of broth to be served to you, alongside a generous side dish containing sprouts, cilantro, thai basil, and jalapenos.I think the broth at Cali is delicious. It is always flavorful, with a very nice balanced amount of spices. No crazy throat-drying additives in my bowl, Tony. The other thing that I like about this place is that you won't be disappointed in the amount of noodles you're served, which I've found to be lacking at other places. The meat never really knocks my socks off here. It always seems to be tougher than it should be.Not to mention that they have the best name in all of Utah. High five for the sweet name.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,3/12/2012,221,489,8,9,8>Ok, I'll be honest with you. Despite being from Texas, I am no barbecue expert by any means. (That's my Dad's territory.) And for many years, I kind of avoided it due to my aversion to barbecue sauce. But in the past few years I've discovered that if they just put that goop on the side, it's all good. So now, sometimes, I get in the mood for barbecue. Today was one of those days. I decided to check out Kaiser's based on all the Yelp love (and, well, it was kind of on my way to work). The first thing I noticed: this place is definitely going for that kitschy general store vibe (which I assume is why they have "general store" in the name. Great observation, self!) There's all kinds of iron work, Native American art and clothing, and other random things for sale. Perched on top of one window they had a statue of Jesus in between statues of Shrek, Wonder Woman, and the Incredible Hulk. I need to get that setup for my house. Fo realz.After inspecting the menu, I decided to go for my usual first-time-at-a-BBQ-restaurant order: a two meat combo with ribs and brisket. I chose pinto beans and mac and cheese as my sides, because that's how I roll. It appears that the white bread vs. cornbread debate from previous reviews is now moot, because they offered me the option of either. I went with the cornbread because I am a member of the "OMG White Bread, It Is So Bland" clique. I want to say something here about the service. A few previous reviewers had big time complaints, and this wasn't at all the case for me. Maybe they've been reading these reviews, I don't know, but I was greeted by a lady and a younger guy who were both super nice. They were extremely patient with my first-time-in-ness and the lady even asked me about my weekend plans and seemed genuinely interested. I definitely felt welcome there. My batch o' food was served up pretty quickly, and I headed over to one of the indoor picnic tables to consume it. My meat was wrapped in butcher paper and had a price tag on it like I'd gotten it at Smith's or something, which was kind of weird. But I unwrapped it and was greeted by a very generous portion of ribs and brisket. I tried the sides first. Why? I don't know. Both were good enough but pretty bland. However, I added a healthy amount of black pepper to both and that improved the flavor considerably; I suggest you do the same. The cornbread was a generous portion and was light, fluffy, and overall super tasty.  The meat was the star here, though. (That's how it's supposed to work, right?) I tried the brisket first: moist and tender with a great smokey flavor. At most BBQ places I go, I always seem to have the dry brisket problem, so based on that I assume making non-dry-brisket is an art (or science). Whatever it is, they've got it down here. The ribs, too, were superb: fall off the bone tender, the whole nine yards. I even liked the barbecue sauce. (WHAT?) Yeah, I did. It was mild, with just the right amount of tang. Because they served it on the side, I didn't have the usual issue where it tasted like I was eating sauce with just a hint of meat. And their sauce compliments the flavors of their meats perfectly. This was a rare occasion where I preferred the meat with the sauce on it, not because the meat needed to be masked, but because the sauce brought out all the good points of the food I was eating. Was it authentic Texas BBQ? I'm not sure I'm qualified to say (I suppose I'll have to get my dad over here to try it), but I certainly did enjoy it quite a bit. If they could add a little pizazz to their sides, this would be the spot, ya'll. (I have a feeling that my ya'll was not convincing at all. Sorry about that.)
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,3/11/2012,63,139,3,8,4>I'll be honest, I don't get out to the WVC much, so eating here was a little bit of an adventure.  They're located in a brightly colored building on the north side of 3500 S in West Valley.  Its well past the mall but if you're keeping an eye out it shouldn't be hard to find it.They have a vast menu.  It was 4 full pages of dishes all with pictures.  Its not your average gringo Mexican food so the pictures helped quite a bit on figuring out what to get.  Making sure they could feed you for three meals a day, they had a breakfast section on the menu as well as the lunch/dinner type food.I went for a safe favorite my first time around and picked the Chile Relleno  & Enchilada platter.  Because I heard from Ryan K about their carnitas, I picked up 2 of their tacos too.  The food was really excellent.  It was authentic, flavorful, fresh and just a pleasure to eat.  The pulled chicken in the enchilada was moist and shredded well.  The chile relleno was filled with cheese and was fried fresh, not pulled from a hot bin.  Often an after thought at many places, the rice was cooked and had a great flavor and the refried beans were just awesome.  It seems like so many places here avoid refried beans but when they're done right they're a great addition to the plate.The carnitas tacos were a great way to round off the meal.  Like the chicken, the carnitas was moist and shredded just right.  It had good flavor without the crutch of over seasoning the pork.  It was served on a fresh warm corn tortilla.  I hit the salsa and condiment bar for some lettuce, sauces and salsa to top it with.And the best part of it all, I ate like a king and it totaled to be less than 14 dollars.  You really can't complain about an authentic flavorful Mexican meal that is affordable too.  So if you're looking for an adventure out in WVC, make sure to stop by La Autenica for some Mexican deliciousness.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,3/10/2012,18,100,,2,3>I can't believe that I moved here last September and it took me 7 1/2 months to make my first visit to Trolley Square.  It is one of the nicest experiences in Salt Lake City and just one more reason to be really excited that this is my hometown now.  The brick buildings are beyond charming - the Pottery Barn is one of the nicest anywhere and the Restoration Hardware store has to be the best in the USA.  So impressive.  The new Whole Foods is spectacular, the Old Spaghetti Factory is way fun and I like the Brazilian steakhouse.  Tabula Rossa rocks.  The Payne Anthony jewelry store is truly astonishing - and typical of the kind of quality found throughout.  Unique design, great customer service, awesome free parking - I just think the world of this place.   Green Street Social Club is way cool.  The list goes on.  This place is totally underrated today - and this is what happens when someone new walks onto the property with no historical context - just seeing what it is today - and it ROCKS.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,3/9/2012,131,102,3,11,6>I really like Guzzi's and I'm glad that I took the risk to stop into this little place.I was getting my car serviced at one of the downtown shops and decided to walk around instead of waiting in the shop.  I stumbled upon this little place and I am sure glad that I did!I love a good burger and this place really does it right.  I had the garlic burger and there was enough garlic on it to actually taste it - something other places often do not live up to. Guzzi uses basic fix'ns of tomato, lettuce, onion but it is better than your standard fare.  First of all, Guzzi uses garden produce from a community garden that he has been a part of for years.  Second, he offers grilled and fresh onions, the the grilled onions are perfectly caramelized.  This is a small place with a small menu but the experience is massive.  Guzzi is personable and quite the interesting guy.  I really enjoyed talking with him.  Plus he is really invested in his customers, personally making sure that everyone is satisfied.  Don't overlook this little place, it is really is one of Salt Lake's little gems.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2012,3/8/2012,3,6,34,5,5>I was booked in the Salt Lake County Jail with several friends in July of 2011, and the service was at times excellent, but at other times left much to be desired. The main downside of the Salt Lake County Jail is the process of getting there. Unfortunately, they don't allow you to drive there, park, and check in like most bed and breakfast places. Usually they bring you there handcuffed, in the back of a police vehicle. While this can be a fun, unique, and memorable experience, it also has its down sides. The hand cuffs really hurt, and leave marks on your wrists that stay for days. Additionally, it's really hard to sit comfortably with your hands behind your back like that.  Some of the officers are really friendly, but some of them seem like they really hate their job and their customers. The food isn't very good, and it's not very fast either.  (They won't even give you any until you've been there for 12 hours.) I think it's a part of the slow-food movement. If you're planning on spending a night there, and it happens to be a busy night there, I'd recommend wearing diapers. A couple people in my cell pissed their pants because the officers wouldn't let them out to use the restroom. I thought that was a bit much, but it's all part of the experience, which overall is really fun. I recommend, if you decide to stay at the Salt Lake County Jail, that you arrange for a friend or family member to pick you up upon release, and that they bring food and water with them.I would give the service 2 stars, but the other accommodations 4 stars, averaging 3 stars.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,3/15/2013,314,135,2,7,3>I think this might be my new favorite Asian market out here in Utah.It's smaller than Ocean Mart in Sandy, but I think they have better finds. This is probably one of the few places that have vegetarian meat that I've seen out here. They carry a wide array of dried noodles. They have a lot of japanese condiments. They have your bbq duck and and pork as well. If you're craving durian they have that too. I was surprised that they even carried banh khot tray/panOne thing they dont have is premade meals like some of the other asian markets.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,3/14/2013,159,264,5,5,2>Oriental food market is a Korean Market.  If you want a bit from every Asian country you go to Southeast Market on 900 S.  If you want Korean stuff without driving to West Valley or 40th South you come here.  I find myself here often for the SacSac Grape drinks, The gimbap they make fresh everyday and all my panchan needs that go beyond what I make myself at home.  There are a lot of Asian Markets in SLC, scattered all over the valley, this is the best Korean Market Downtown and the cleanest between this one and Seoul Market down by 40th South.  Can't compare this to places in California, or any other state for that matter, because we are  not in those states.  That would be like crying in Korea Town, Los Angeles because the one in South Korea is better.  This is what we got.  Better like it.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/13/2013,5,186,2,4,3>Loved the beet and pear with gorgonzola taco.  Also the caldo was delicious with  perfectly cooked veggies (potatoes were cooked but carrots were still crisp and greens still bright emerald).  Side of black beans were one of my favorite parts of the meal!!  yes, they managed to make black beans interesting with good flavors.  Great very quick service.  Love the eco-friendly decor and use of locally sourced ingredients.  Loved the margarita!!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,3/12/2013,150,214,3,6,7>After my second visit, I've decided Stoneground really is as good as it gets! I haven't yet sampled much of the menu aside from the eggplant parmesan-very tasty and the leonardo (my favorite dish which I will probably continue to get each time I visit). It's wagyu beef with risotto and a seasonal vegetable mmmm. First visit was squash, second time was brussel sprouts. Also, the tiramisu here is very tasty. Add to that some French pressed coffee and Bailey's to end the meal, and I'm a very happy girl! Great atmosphere, service, and a lovely view of the library from the second floor. I love Stoneground!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,3/11/2013,221,489,3,6,7>Beef.BBBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEFFF.I'd had an Italian beef sandwich once before I made my way to Cubby's. It was in Chicago and it was absolutely unforgettable. So when my fiance's brother started chatting up an establishment that serves such a sandwich in Provo, I got there as fast as I could.It was a nondescript Friday afternoon and the line was already out the door. I guess he wasn't the only one clued in about this place. I went with the original because, well, of course I did. It arrived all meaty and juicy (huhuhuh) a short time later. The meat was delightful indeed, and I had no problem quickly devouring its wonderfulness. I should try to be less hungry the next time I go so that I'll eat more slowly. The carrots and celery on the sandwich seemed to distract a bit from the peppery goodness (and I'm going hot next time, just to let you know. Man peppers, not boy peppers!), but it is a minor complaint.Others around me had the Tri-Tip sandwich and the grilled chicken, which both received high marks. I sampled a bit of the sweet potato fries as well, a good rendition. Service is friendly, the price is right. I'd say that I wish it wasn't all the way in Provo, but if it was near me, I might get fat pretty quickly.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,3/10/2013,127,38,5,6,5>Um, yum. I was first introduced to this place by my editor who gets together with his ski buddies at the sushi bar at least once a week. Because of that, my first experience at this place was one of the best that can be had as I was up front and center with the sushi chefs who all knew the head of the party and were willing to roll up some off-the-menu chef favorites. Awe-some. One of my favorites here, which I've never seen elsewhere, is a oyster and quail egg yolk (both served raw) served together in the oyster shell. Slurp that sucker up because it is delicious!Everything I got here was seriously amazing. I hear that it is under new ownership, so I am hoping that the experience is the same as before.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,3/9/2013,31,53,,5,2>I don't often fall in love with restaurants like I did with La Hacienda. We stopped in with lower expectations since there are so many lesser-quality Mexican food choices around and we were blown away. The food tastes as authentic as food we have eaten at resorts and good restaurants down in Mexico. The portions are "American" sizes. And the prices are reasonable.The chips and salsa are very good and are sufficient for anybody looking for a light appetizer. My wife begged me to try the pork nachos and all I can say is "wow" They were some of the best nachos I've ever eaten. Piled high with all the usual Mexican suspects: cheese, sour cream, guacamole, beans, meat, salsa, etc. And the chips stayed crispy right down to the last bite (you know how some nachos are soggy after just a few minutes?... not these!)We then split the fajitas (and took a lot home as leftovers). We tried the combo with steak, chicken, and shrimp and I was surprised that the shrimp tasted good. Most restaurants overcook shrimp like this, but La Hacienda's shrimp was moist and cooked just right.I'm not sure if every night has live music, but a man went to each table and took individual requests to sing and play on his guitar. I chose Santana and he did quite well.Overall it's a fun environment (large enough for larger parties but still intimate for smaller parties). The service is wonderful (never an empty glass or salsa dish). And the food is VERY good. This restaurant is on my short list of excellent places I can recommend in the Salt Lake valley.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,3/8/2013,81,221,2,4,1>About 2 weeks ago, I decided to give Em's a try for a nice, quiet dinner. What a fantastic decision. This particular evening caused Em's to take a leap into my top 5 dinner spots in Salt Lake. I should have reviewed sooner, but I have been remiss. Our evening was perfect, from the dim lighting and ambiance, to the service and most importantly, the food.The bread and butter, perfect! This says a lot about a restaurant and Em's started us out on the right foot.We ordered the lentil soup, dates, and scallop appetizer. Everything came out beatuifully. We mentioned to our server that we were in no rush and wanted to take our time. His pacing was right on.The scallop appetizer was the winner for our starters but the others were still lovely puntuation marks. For entrees, we had filet and the marinated pork. Simplistic dishes in that you have a protein, potatoe and veggie on each plate, but elevated in many ways. The saucing on each plate was unique and complimented the particular protein in a way that made our palates intrigued with each bite. The potatoes were creamy and delicious and the asparagas and carrot sides were executed really well. Not an afterthought here. Everything combined on our plates in harmony. I am ready to head back for the next culinary symphony.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,3/7/2013,53,148,,7,2>Oh no! Can't believe I didn't review this two days ago when I came here for dinner and added the business here on Yelp ... just what happens when you wait a little too long...!This place is amazingly affordable. They're offering 50% off all rolls now, but really the rolls are $6 tp $10 so they're not crazy expensive to begin with. I don't know if anyone is familiar with Red Ginger Bistro on 3500 South and State Street, but this place is just the same, but without the crowd, long waiting line and crowded parking lot. Same, or even better rolls, with an outstanding service! Same owners, they just wanted to offer a bigger space. When you walk in it's just like deja-vu from Red Ginger - although I prefer the tall booths this Yi Sushi Bistro has, it offers more privacy (compared to Red Ginger Bistro), so we're not all staring at each other when we eat and elbowing the person on the next table. I would say it's appropiate for kids, because it allows them to be a little louder than a normal polite adult and my son was content just watching videos on his ipod while we waiting 5 minutes for our food, without disrupting other guests. The staff was so friendly and accomodating, the rolls were delicious... and honestly nothing tastes better than good food with a tiny price tag, and with a great service I was just floating on a cloud when I left there. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/6/2013,96,160,5,5,4>I miss Santiago's from Colorado and My boyfriend misses Johnny's from Brawley, CA's cheap, fast and delicious burritos. We passed by this place couple times but it looks kind shady and it might gave you diarrhea or something. lol We saw one yelp review with 4 stars, so we decided to give it a chance. Oh yeah, this place will be our cheap yummy Mexican food to-go now. We ordered 4 Chorizo with potatos and eggs because we thought it might be small. we were wrong, it is huge. 4 burritos lasted us all day. I liked the green chili sauce for my burrito. PS - a day later, no diarrhea and we were fine. Hehe...
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/1/2013,210,1036,2,8,7>Penny Ann's Cafe is a hole in the wall restaurant off Main Street in Salt Lake City. We had Sunday brunch here a few weeks ago and it was very busy. Our server was friendly and we had a great meal. I ordered the breakfast sandwich and the eggs and bacon were very good and the whole sandwich was on a great, fresh roll. My wife had a great omelet. For desert we ordered a slice of delicious lemon raspberry pie, which was really good. The pie was kind of a cross between a cream pie and cheesecake. It was light and creamy, and tasty. Breakfast for two was also cheap! Only $20 for the whole meal. Will be coming back here again! Think I found a few favorite.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/30/2013,349,631,4,11,9>Kobe definitely redeemed itself from change in management.  The owner Mike is Japanese and he trained in Japan, which is much more authentic compared to the Chinese owner previously.  Now I can be proud of a ramen place in Salt Lake.  They have not done much in redecorating to the interior and the name has not changed, mainly due to cost of getting a new sign.First thing you need to do is flip to the last page of the menu and order their ramen.  They got the four tradition categories of ramen soups here:  Shio, Tonkotsu, Shoyu, and Miso.  The Kimichi seems to be a modern fusion from Korea.  All the ingredients are pretty much the same including Japanese Char Siu (different from Chinese ones), nori, boiled egg, narutomaki, scallion, and menma.  I am not a ramen expert, but I had quite a few varieties of them during my world traveling trips, and the ramen they got here resemble the ones from Tokyo region, a little different if you had from other ramen regions such as Sapporo or Kitakata.The essence of noodle soup is in the soup, and the soup stock they got here was definitely well prepared here.  I went for the Tonkotsu ramen, and everything was creamy delicious from the soup.  You know the soup is good if you can drink the whole thing without a cry for thirst.  They also got limited orders of Char Siu you can order on the side until they run out.Sushi and rolls are optional here, they still offer the Hellfire Challenge, and it seems fairer.  They got a Russian roulette sushi you can order should you have a large group and see who the unfortunate one eating the spicy piece.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,9/29/2013,59,170,3,6,2>Stopped by during their soft opening and had bits of an orange brioche filled with chocolate ganache, a coconut dulce de leche scone, and a red wine poached pear and frangipane puff pastry. All tasty, with the pear tart being the standout. They are waiting on a second display case and promised more plated desserts as soon as it arrived. It came to over $10, which felt a tad expensive for what it was, but not by much. They threw in a raspberry bar and pineapple passion fruit macaron for me to sample as well. The macaron was pretty perfect. I'll be going in soon to avail myself of the plated delights in the near future. All in all, this place is a welcome addition to the local lineup of bakeries. I'd expect that the median BMI of the SLCC campus across the street is about to rise.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,9/28/2013,106,208,6,5,2>Let me be the first to say that I am just not one of those people who are uber fit.  I dislike most physical activities, (i.e., walking, running, aerobics, doing anything that requires moving my joints).  That's not to say that I don't do physical activity, I just am typically not a fan. That being said, I could completely see Baile Dance making me want to be (and stay) physically active and fit.  I recently went to a Zumba class, which turned out to be taught by one of my favorite instructors, Enrique (also instructs at BodyWise Fitness).   While I'm not particularly good at Zumba (my hips actually do lie), I find it to be so much fun.  Knowing how great of an instructor Enrique is, I'm sure that the other instructors are probably just as great as he is.   This studio opened fairly recently, so the studio is gorgeous.  The interior is bright and large with light hardwood, large mirrors, a good sound system, a clean bathroom, a beautiful chalkboard wall, and ample storage for your things.  One of the things I like most about it being a dance studio is that if you're like me, you sign up for classes at the gym, but you don't go to the rest of the gym.  I'd rather just pay for what I'm getting.  Overall, I'd give this new studio a try, you won't regret it.  Plus, maybe you'll actually like exercise (or at the least dance) when you do.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,9/27/2013,54,206,2,8,4>I just finished a review of a burger place, and I was trying to figure out how to get "useful" "funny" and "cool" into the review.  Very little about that place was "cool."  Everything about DD is.  From the funky industrial building its housed in on the near west side, to the free pool and table shuffleboard, to the bikers playing classic rock on the jukebox, to the awesome BBQ, everything here screams cool.  And the BBQ-- well, let's just say this.  They smoke meat like no one else in town.  And rather than try to emulate a style of BBQ from across the country, they just give you this pure, unadulterated, beautifully hardwood smoked meat, and let you do what you will -- add a sweet sauce for KC style, douse in vinegar for Memphis, dip in their signature hot sauce (which is made with habanero and ghost peppers, but also has chipotle, spices, tomato, and even Frank's Red Hot for this crazy spicy but also deep, rich well rounded flavor), or mix and match to create whatever taste combination you want.  The ribs are tasty, but the wings and pulled pork are where it's at.  Get there, grab a game of pool while you wait, grab their house-branded beer, and enjoy.(Oh, and did I mention they have tons of stuff for vegetarians, too? Including an entire veggie burger section!  The wife had plenty to choose from, and she, a vegetarian who's never been enamored with BBQ and who came with me as a "favor," is totally willing to go back!)Definitely cool.  Definitely BBQ. Definitely Devil's Daugher.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,9/26/2013,81,221,,4,3>After my 5th visit I have decided that it is indeed time to give a more rounded review. (Thank you Yelp for the ability to post from my mobile!)I love Eva's bakery. The almond croissant is flawless, the blackberry upside down cornmeal cake is excellent, great iced coffee...In my humble experiences, service has been friendly and efficient regardless of how busy it might be. Shout out for the spanikopita pie and salads...delicious. I'm so excited about this place and I'm very eager to get my fresh baguette on.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,9/25/2013,40,327,1,3,3>I can't deny this place a five-star rating any longer. And it all has to do with the Al Pastor tacos. Seriously - the best Al Pastor tacos in the state, bar none, and perhaps the best I've ever tasted. I never get anything else - they are that good. One day, maybe I'll venture out and try something different; but only if they've run out of Al Pastor, of course! If you haven't been to this place yet, go now.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,9/24/2013,150,214,,3,3>My experience with Indian food is very limited, but Bombay House has definitely made me a fan! I had the Chicken Tikka Massala, Lamb Saag and Lamb Coconut Kurma. Each dish was very fragrant and tasted delicious. I love that they truly make their dishes spicy and aren't Americanized. Besides the 20 minute wait, I have no complaints, but it was definitely worth it!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,9/23/2013,134,150,2,16,8>Real Foods is a local franchise and this is their fourth store.  Highlights include the frozen meat case with prices fractionally higher than Costco but way better brands.  The dairy department is small but awesome, where else are you going to find a gallon of raw milk for less than 6 bucks?  Everything stocked is GMO free.  That is SUCH a time saver, as I don't have to busy myself reading labels and teeny stickers.   Whole Foods is still selling conventional produce and products alongside organic/nonGMO products, so for me shopping there is a hassle.  I love the manageable size of Real Foods.   They have all the requisite offerings from cosmetics+vitamins to cleaning supplies and of course food in an easy in/easy out four aisles.  They even have a small bulk aisle (no bulk spices) and a sprouting station.  Yes, you can buy starter cultures here!  Prices are way better than the Good Earth.  Check out the bagged local veggies in the produce area or the chef staffed cafe which serves three or four hot dishes daily, and breakfast.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,9/22/2013,37,72,3,6,1>Wow. This is how pastries are supposed to be.I haven't had pain au chocolate / chocolate croissant that good since I was in Paris - and even there it was sometimes not as good as the one I just had from Bake 360. Eclairs are one of my favorites so I try them whenever I can, and this one ranks very high up there. The custard filling is divine. I would've liked the chocolate on top to be a bit thicker and/or less bitter, but I definitely don't regret buying and devouring that thing.Also tried the raspberry mousse-truffle-ganache-ball thing, which was killer good, and the (forgot this name too) uber croissant-on-steroids flaky crispy sweet puff pastry thing, which stands out as unique and very memorable (in a good way).Definitely pricier than the bakery at your neighborhood grocer, but also supremely better. Add this to your list of places you have to try ... you'll probably come back :)
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,4/17/2014,186,563,2,10,6>The food here really hit the spot for me and after a terrible recent experience elsewhere, it tasted all the better. I have zero experience with indian street foods so some of the dishes were new to me. I love the naan. It was soft and fresh and perfect for mopping up saucey goodness from the entrees. Saag with chicken was great. Didn't love the chicken tikka masala but I don't usually so that's a personal preference I guess. The dal was good. I forget the name but these fried onion bread balls were super delicious. The tandoori chicken was really great and was made with full size, meaty legs. There was a soup on the buffet and some kind of little sandwiches. They looked like sliders with some kind of curry-like substance on top. I was too full to sample. We had great service when we arrived and despite it being 2 already it was still packed with the lunch crowd. I'd be afraid to come right at noon. Our waters were promptly refilled and plates cleared away. I have allergies and needed to ask some questions and the woman at the counter graciously walked over to the buffet with me and answered them. I love not eating in fear. I am super happy with this restaurant and will be back to try some non-buffet items soon!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,4/16/2014,105,86,5,7,5>So I am writing this review after one visit with the clear knowledge that I will be back to try other offerings on the menu, like the Yelp scoring system says ........... Yay! I'm a fan.Not yet a big fan, but a fan none the less.I ordered the Breath Enhancer burger with a basket of Rosemary-Garlic fries and the Fresh Salsa with House Made Chips and let me just say that the hamburger patty was one of the freshest, juiciest burgers that I have ever had.So, the good, the burger was very juicy and tender, The Fresh Salsa had great flavor and was as good as any Mexican restaurant that I have ever been to.Locally owned, non-chain restaurant and that is ALWAYS a big deal to me. Now the bad, or maybe I should say the not so good because none of it was really bad, as I said, I am already planning my next visit.1) I ordered my burger well done and it was closer to raw than well done, I always order well done and I remind my server at least once to please make sure the burger is well done because some people like to see a little pink on their burger but I don't.2) the garlic on the burger was just to much, not a little to much but a 15 on a scale of 1 to 10 to much, it has been six hours since I tried the burger and I am still tasting garlic. The burger, the actual patty, was big and juicy and would have been great with a little, OK, with a LOT less garlic.I am looking forward to my next visit when I can try one of the other burgers that is not drowning in garlic.3) The rosemary garlic fries were drowning in garlic, I like garlic, I ordered the garlic burger and the garlic fries but I was hoping for a delicious meal not death by garlic. 4) As noted above, the salsa was really good but the chips were deluged in some type of season salt, the chips were OK but they would have been better with less whatever was showered on them.5) No Dr. Pepper, my wife had a beer with her meal and I had a Coke, a man needs his Dr. Pepper, what is this world coming to when a guy can't get a Dr. Pepper to wash down one to sixteen pounds of garlic.So there it is, four stars because the good was significantly better then the bad and because I was left wanting to try other items on the menu, I am coming back Lucky 13, one question, can I bring my own Dr. Pepper???Until next time my fellow Yelpers ............................ Be Local, Live Local, and whenever possible ........................................ Buy Local!!!!!!!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/15/2014,81,221,4,10,6>GO HERE FOR BREAKFAST! Thai fried eggs were such a nice change from the norm! Delicious meal!The other dish we ordered was the crepe breakfast. Fabulous crepes! I mean, I make crepes all of the time and don't typically order them. However, the orange zest in the batter set them off. The plate of crepes, eggs and bacon was very hearty and I thought the price for everything that we enjoyed was right on! There was only 1 other couple in the restaurant so service was prompt. I also was so impressed with the fact that they subbed white rice for brown on my dish and did not charge me! That just doesn't seem to happen anymore. We will definitely be returning.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/14/2014,1481,94,19,17,14>A healthier Whole Foods... if such a thing is possible. Was a little bit difficult to find my first time since from the rear parking lot its kind of a maze of many similarly appearing commercial/almost industrial buildings each containing almost identical doors.  There is signage but not much.  The rear parking lot is but always seems nearly filled since it serves all the buildings.  The fancy main entrance is actually in  front but most patrons enter from back because there are only a handful of parking spots in front.   For such a small space it packs a wallop with everything well-organized and easy to find.  Finest selection of health/nutritional supplements available here.  It is as though someone walked through a Whole Foods and took the healthiest top 10% of products  from the shelves and put them in a space 1/20 the size.  There is a cafe at the back (technically the front) of the grocery store that offers super-fresh sandwiches, salads, smoothies, juices, and soups.    The green drink seems to be love it or hate it for everyone I know who has tried it. One dining companion loved it; describing it as  "drinking a cow fart" and "definitely an acquired taste."  It is filled with a cornucopia of good things: the drink comes with parsley, cucumber, spinach, kale, celery, apple, lemon, and a little ginger root kick. Optional beet if a dirtier fart is desired. Optional carrot and orange if a sweeter fart is your thing. Two large crockpots of soup that always seem different every visit. One day its a cabbage&beet soup and a lentil soup,  the next day it is vegetable medley soup and  tortilla soup.   The soups are always vegan and 95% of the time gluten-free.  Always unique flavors that you would never think of combining yet always amazing.  Always perfectly seasoned and spiced, never too salty.  Always hearty and flavorful.  Puts the Whole Foods soups to shame. Basically some of my favorite soup on the planet. Three sizes. Serve yourself.The salads are chock full of vegetables.  They will gladly make salad any way requested. The vegan chicken salad and tofu egg salad are both omg exceptional. The mayo in the tuna salad contains canola oil which is not a personal favorite from a taste perspective. Bevy of condiments and hot sauces from rooster to some more exotic kinds. The 'Kale Krunch' chips are tasty (but pricey) add-on to any lunch. Cheezy Chipotle is my personal favorite flavor.      Dining in is seat yourself and can feel crowded during lunchtimes, especially weekends.  Friendly and helpful counter service. There are Inspirational white board quotes of the day and new-age spiritual artwork to feed your soul while you feed your body. "Kindly pay before you dine" followed by a smiley face, stated the laminated placard on each table. While paying for lunch, it is nigh impossible not to overindulge with the promise of pastries that can cure even the itchiest of sweet tooths.  The pastries beckon like Sirens from a display case on the cash register counter.   Always end up with an extra power muffin (filled with all sorts of good stuff) to go. Also a great place to pick up hardy and healthy sandwiches to go.  They are  made each morning and located in the fridge to the left of the back entrance.  Care must be taken to identify the sandwich by the small white sticker because otherwise you may end up with a tuna sandwich when you were craving tempeh. They all look pretty much the same wrapped in saran wrap. Perfect fit for a ski/snowboard jacket pocket for munching on while going up the mountain on a chairlift.       After lunch, a quick stroll over to Windy Ridge bakery for a decadent chocolate frosted eclair and then onward to nearby Right at Home consignment shop to avoid touching all the art and furniture with chocolate frosting covered fingers.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,4/13/2014,29,127,2,6,2>A trustworthy mechanic is priceless. You just know when you are getting duped and Clark's has never once given me that impression.A trustworthy mechanic that is also very reasonably priced is next to godliness. I have never received a more friendly bill anywhere else.Best mechanic in town, no doubt about it.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/12/2014,40,196,4,8,7>Me today at the Gallivan Food Truck Thursday: Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom, "Korean food", nom,nom, nom, "japchae", nom, nom, nom, "spicy". Wipe, wipe, slurp slurp. This stuff was awesome. I had the Mandoo combo, japchae (classic Korean noodle dish combining translucent sweet potato noodles with lots of stir-fried vegetables and a sweet-savory sauce).   It's laid out with the moist white rice on the bottom of the paper bowl/cup, then the noodles, then some chopped iceberg lettuce, then the other veggies, chicken, pork, beef and sauces on top.  The combination of moist rice, "sweet-ish" noodles, cool lettuce and spicy meat was really nice.  I got a level 6 spiciness sauce (spicy-ness ranges from 1-10, with 10 the hottest) and it was just right.  The coolness of the lettuce was a nice complement to the warmth of the rest of the ingredients.  The spicy sauce, spicy mayonnaise sauce, and meats were best stirred around in the cup.  (I like it when the heat from the food lingers on my tongue and makes my nose kind of sweat.  Makes your eyes roll).  The pork, chicken and beef were moist and tasted like---pork, chicken, and beef, not some interchangeable mass of animal product.  Each spice used for the meat complemented the meats individually.They also threw in a small taster tray of mandoo (Korean pot-stickers basically) and 3 spicy Korean rice cakes that looked like Penne pasta (called Tteokppoki) to the first 30 customers, of which I was one.  The pot-stickers were crisp yet not burnt, moist on the inside and the spicy chile sauce over all of mandoo and rice cakes were spongy, starchy, and richly smothered with the same sauce. This place is definitely a must try!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,4/11/2014,20,77,3,9,8>This is a cute little spot on Main, right next to some apartment buildings. We got here at 9 am on Sunday and found a table right away. The server was super friendly and helpful and made the experience all that more enjoyable. I had the Stanford omelet and it was cooked perfectly! Although this is probably the ONLY time I'll ever like anything from Stanford, it was the best sounding vegetarian option to me. It was stuffed full of filling, no shortage here! The pancakes and hash browns are also VERY tasty! I took a slice of their peanut butter chocolate pie home and follows suit with their meal, very tasty pie! You definitely won't leave here hungry so bring your appetite. I think I'll come back here to try what they offer for lunch. I love that this is a family owned business. They definitely take pride in their food and service, everyone helps out all of the tables. I'll be back here for sure to try their other menu offerings.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,4/10/2014,25,84,1,7,6>3 reasons to go to Wiseguys1. They bring the best comics to SLC, old and new.2. Fun environment and totally relaxed with great service on food and beverage.3. You'll laugh till it HURTS!This is a great place to end up on a weekend night or any night they're open for that matter. Wiseguys brings in some of the biggest names in comedy as well as great up-and-comers. If you can't decide what to do this weekend, check out Wiseguys. I've never left this place without a goofy grin on my face.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,4/9/2014,605,129,13,20,18>Chef Wu for the win!!!!Vinh H and I made a reservation here via OpenTable for 5:30PM this morning. By 5:00PM, we were free and hungry, so we decided to see if there were any seats available.  Fortunately, the kind host invited us to sit anywhere we liked.  Immediately upon sitting at the bar, Chef Wu quickly introduced himself while the waitress got our drinks.  Chef Wu is probably one of the friendliest and most polite chefs we've had!  He told us the background of the restaurant, made us many of their dishes, and told us how he came to choose certain ingredients to contrast other ingredients as well as where they came from.  It felt like more than just a meal, rather an opportunity to learn traditional sushi.White hamachi with wasabi, sea salt, micro shiso, olive oil, and yuzu sauce.  I really enjoyed the contrast and well thought-out contrast of this dish by Chef Wu.  It was delicious, and it helped increase my craving for the next dishes.Salmon shoulder.  This reminded Vinh H of yellowtail cheek with less fat and more char.  I'd have to agree in some ways.  The salmon shoulder wasn't too cooked, so the center was still raw and soft.  The outside was charred and smokey, which tasted great & was a good contrast to the fresh flesh.Sashimi Combination. 15 pieces with 3 pieces each of: Hawaiian big eye tuna, Japanese hamachi, Scottish salmon, Amberjack, Korean fluke.  My favorite of the five was the Japanese hamachi--it was great in flavor and was so fatty and thick--I loved it!  Amberjack was quite delicious as well, not too fatty.  The Korean fluke was nice and light which a crisp clear taste.  The Scottish salmon didn't have a ridiculous amount of fatty striations, but the taste was good and the color was consistent.  The Hawaiian big eye tuna was big eye tuna...very lean, not fatty at all, and very rich in the taste of blood.Negi hama.  So delicious and delicate.  Chef Wu finely minces up yellow tail with green onion just prior to rolling, so the increased fatty flavors and moist mix are preserved.  I'd highly recommend this roll--it was so good!Enokimaki.  Four thinly sliced pork belly wrapped around miniature stalks of enokimaki mushrooms and charred.  Very smoky flavors that was very enjoyableTebesaki.  Juicy charred chicken wings that are cut part way and skewered flat with a side of green chili sauce.  The skin was crisp and charred while the flesh busted with natural flavors.Wagyu robatayaki.  We had this medium when we really should have had it rare or medium rare at the most.  It was very tender and taste was so good, but I would have liked for it to have been much more red.  Still marbled and tasty though.+1 Star: This is legitimately traditional sushi in UTAH!  They have omakase (Chef's designed multi-course meal) for only $65/person with only a 2 day advanced registration required!+1 Star: Chef Wu and the staff!  Everyone was so nice, and they made my experience amazing!  I'll definitely be coming back and want to thank Naked Fish for their great hospitality.+1 Star: Beautiful, spacious restaurant.  3/4 of the restaurant is traditional sit down style with walls and curtains for privacy, while the other 1/4 has seats, tables, and bar seating.  I also like the tranquil green and white colors.+1 Star: Delicious sushi and appetizers that made me beg for more.  I found myself full, yet still refusing to put the menu down!  Everything I had was enjoyable and items that I would definitely love to try again.+1 Star: Very reasonable prices!  The bill for Vinh H and I came out to be under $100 for two!!!TIP #1: On Mondays to Saturdays from 11:30AM-3:00PM, they serve ramen!  This will be on my list of things to try when I come back to Naked FishTIP #2: They serve omakase for $65/person (A5 wagyu upgrade for $25 more). It's a great chef's tasting menu that consists of 5-6 courses.  They only have it available Mondays to Saturdays from 5:00PM-8:30PM & require an advanced reservation (Chef Wu recommended making the reservation 2 days prior). This is definitely on my list to try too--I love omakase sushi--what better way to show your respect of your sushi chef than to leave your entire meal up to him/her?!!! :DTip #3: Ask for Chef Wu any chance you get--he makes the experience worthwhile!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,4/8/2014,80,59,5,8,6>Good beer, great service, and one hell of a patio. Definitely one of my favorite spots in the area on a nice day. The giant fire pit in the patio is fantastic and there is frequently live music. The food they have is great and is delicious! The Mormon potatoes are definitely something to try! Go to the Garage and get drinking!!!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,11/10/2012,139,132,,3,2>The power lunch at Bambara is an amazing deal!  You get to choose between a soup or salad, a burger or turkey wrap, and you get a warm, freshly baked cookie to go! A friend and I both had the burger which was HUGE! Huge and delicious that is. We watched quite a few of the turkey wraps pass us by and we agreed they looked drool worthy as well. We were also treated to calamari as an app, and they were fried to perfection! The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. If you've been looking to switch up your lunch routine downtown I highly recommend this place. I believe these lunches were designed to get people seated, fed and out the door in a timely manner, so don't hesitate to give it a whirl.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,11/9/2012,69,142,1,7,4>If i could get here every Saturday before noon to eat breakfast, i would.  Hands down my new favorite breakfast spot in SLC.  I just wish they would serve their breakfast menu all day....The cafe is fairly small and I've had to wait both times I showed up on Saturday mornings, but the wait was reasonable. It's located in what I think is an aprtment building and the inside has a cozy, neighborhood diner feelingThree words:  HEAVENLY HOT CAKES.  these sour cream pancakes are.... well, heavenly.  and lucky for me, they come with every breakfast dish.  The Pot of Gold takes the cake in my book.... potatoes, three kinds of meat, some veggies, topped with eggs and gravy??? AND PANCAKES??? uhhhh, is this really heaven?  I've also tried the corned beef hash (delish) and the biscuits and gravy which were both good, but i don't think i'll be straying from the pot of gold again.  Prices are really really reasonable (around $7 for the breakfast dishes) and considering i can never eat more than half of my plate, that's a win.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,11/8/2012,25,100,1,4,4>Fair prices with a great local-food attitude and nice owners. And, naturally, good veg-friendly food. Loved: vegetable wrap with choice of 4 custom bean spreads. Wished: the bean spread was fuller in breadth of flavor (I got the white bean chile). Didn't like: the cold flat bread; it cracked when they wrapped it like a day-old tortilla. They really need to warm them slightly first so they are more malleable-- like sun-warmed temperature.The tempeh kale side salad was quite good though it could also use a touch more seasoning, like marinating the tempeh. They have a number of splendid-sounding salads from which to choose. Maybe the seasoning isn't so tame on others? I'd give any of 'em a try.Frisch opened in Spring 2012 and the menu is still fairly small with no warm food choices except for vegan mac and cheese and tofu-chicken fingers. Come cooler weather they really need a broader menu. As said, very nice owners with a great 'tude. I'm sure they're working on it. I'd enjoy visiting Frisch again.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,11/7/2012,67,88,,7,2>I must preface this by saying I have been going to their locations for years and have very good memories of this place. Is it the best food? No but it is more authentic than many places you will go in Utah. How about the service? It has gone down in recent years but i will admit that it is nice not having a waiter come around every 2-3 minutes asking if everything is ok and trying to make small talk.That being said, I have had pretty much everything on the menu at one time or another and the portions are generous, I love the flavor, and the price is right. It really isn't a very expensive place to eat and that definitely plays to its strength.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,11/6/2012,16,12,2,6,4>I can't tell you how excited I am to have Oh Mai open a location so close to my home! On today's visit, I sampled the Honey-glazed pork and the lemongrass bean curd banh mi sandwiches. The pork in the sandwich was tender and moist, the cucumber, pickled carrots and cilantro were fresh and added a nice tang and crunch. The lemongrass bean curd sandwich featured thinly sliced and delicately flavored tofu with the same accompanying veggies as the previously mentioned sandwich.  The food is freshly prepared, the flavors are bold and fresh. The prices are ridiculously cheap. I also ordered a pint of their kim chee to go and earlier this evening enjoyed the complex flavors.  The kim chee starts off with a bit of sweetness but quickly the heat kicks in. It's pretty addictive.The staff was very attentive and checked in several times to make sure that we were satisfied with our lunches. I would highly recommend you try Oh Mai even if you aren't sure whether you like Vietnamese food or not. I'm pretty sure the fresh, affordable and delicious food will make a convert of you.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/5/2012,13,55,3,4,3>What everyone says is true! This place rocks! I like subs as much as the next guy, but I'm not really into them in a big way. This place might change that for me though. I got the Bailey's Best, and it was absolutely beautiful. The meats had excellent flavor, the italian bread was so soft, and the mustard and the vinegar totally made the sandwich. My wife and I chatted a bit with the owner. He's a pretty affable guy, and very passionate about his sandwiches.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,11/4/2012,22,64,7,7,6>Coin em effin laundry. Who knew? Certainly not me, and probably not you. This little ruby is in a great location, easy to find, and has adequate parking. I headed in with 6 blankets, sheets, and bed skirts. Upon entering I found the cute attendant who reminded me of the lady in "My Big Fat Greek Weeding". Friendly, genuine, helpful and maybe even one more adjective....lovely. She showed me the ropes of how to best organize my dirty laundry (ah thank you) and make best use of the MASSIVE machines they have. This facility has many different sizes for just about anything you could imagine. Small, medium, large, extra large, and mammoth loads of laundry can be laundered here. Depending on which machine you use, the costs go up ranging from about $1.00 to like $2.50 (i think) per load. Dryers you pay by minute increments and but trust me you wont need any more than 45 minutes in these hot hogs. My big heap of laundry took just about 1.5 hours and cost $18.75. Much better than wasting my whole day waiting and watching to move laundry. Trust me,  they've got it down. Soap, dryer sheets, arcades, Maverik station close by, folding tables and even a rolly cart to wheel to and from your vehicle. I felt like as I was walking out, I'd push the doors open and doves would fly out of my armpits, I'd be joined by Julie Andrews and Lori Singer getting wheeled in on rolly laundry carts  with a full cast and crew behind them singing in delight as we strolled down 1300 east about how great life is and how happy we are to be alive.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,11/3/2012,106,208,2,3,3>Came here for lunch yesterday as my boyfriend and I were avoiding some freakish May showers.  After reading Eve L's review a super long while back, I remembered this as being an awesome lunch option in the back of my head.  After looking through their lunch menu, I honestly could not see a single bad option, so I knew regardless of my choice that I would end up happy, and boy was I ever.  I ordered the Texas BBQ shrimp, which are jumbo shrimp wrapped in bacon and jalapenos that have been grilled, served with this delicious barbecue sauce, an asian slaw, and hush puppies.  My boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich, which came with some of the best kettle chips ever.  First of all, the shrimp were fabulous.  Really though, can you doubt anything that's been wrapped in bacon?  But seriously, they were perfectly cooked, the bacon was crisp but chewy, and the bbq sauce was the perfect blend of flavors.  Even the coleslaw was tasty, and I hate coleslaw, but it wasn't bitter or tasted heavily of mayonnaise.  It was just good.  And the hush puppies, I probably spent a good ten minutes asking our server how he would describe them.  And came to the conclusion they were like savory donuts with a corn bread like interior.  Living in Utah all of my life, it's not very often that I'm encountered with hush puppies, so I was over the moon about them.  I will say I was very jealous of the pulled pork sandwich.  They included cheese in the sandwich, which is not something that I see very often, and I thought it paired beautifully with the pork.  And then the actual pork itself was perfectly coated in sauce, not too much, not too little, and again just a delicious barbecue sauce in general.  Overall, a great lunch option for Park City.  Very affordable, plus if you come after noon, the beer options are top notch!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/2/2012,59,170,1,6,3>I headed back for dinner.  It was a bit of a mixed bag, but all of the pieces appear to be there for Lewis Bros. to be a force to be reckoned with.The bahn mi was tasty.  The pate is the best of any that appears on the sandwiches locally.  I might ask for a side of nothing but it next time.  The pulled pork and pork belly were both excellent, as were the pickled veg.  On the downside, the really soft roll they are using meant the sandwich fell apart in my hands in very short order.  And, while a $6 sandwich doesn't seem out of line in general, this one is by far the smallest in size of any of the local bahn mi as well as one of the more expensive.The kimchi fries hold promise.  I had the Greens and Fries for lunch and the fries were crispy, but this evening's fries were pretty floppy.  I figured that might be a result of the wet kimchi on top of them, but some additional prodding made it clear that they were simply undercooked.  The kimchi was a tasting topping, though, so had the fries been cooked, this dish would have been a winner.That's a lot of negative talk to still be giving a four-star review, isn't it?  Here's why: taste, taste, and taste.  The food is tasty and even the dishes that aren't perfectly executed show all sorts of promise to be so in the future.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,11/1/2012,131,102,3,3,2>How have I not  found this place before now!?!This place is so good that I actually ate here twice in one week... unbelievable for me.  This is the real deal.  Real Peruvian.  Real good.  Among my friends and family going to this place, I have tried probably half of the items on the menu and all are fantastic.  I have eaten the seafood, the chicken, the Anticuchos (beef heart), and many others.  The food is not only amazingly tasty but it is beautifully prepared... a work of art in some cases.  Everything is fantastic.  Highly recommended!!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,6/18/2012,186,563,,9,6>Simply amazing. This small, unpretentious cafe was an instant favorite with me from the moment we stepped through the doors. The food is good, yes,  but really its the people that make this place so great. You could not ask for more gracious and attentive staff. I feel like the owners of Penny Ann's really care about me as a customer and put their heart and soul into this place. It feels nice. It's diner food, but it's diner food worthy of 5 stars for experience alone. I am in love with their breakfast potatoes. Simple with some sea salt, but craveworthy nonetheless. The veggie omelet is huge and tasty and I could eat it every morning and never get tired of it. They make the perfect thin, yet fluffy, layer of egg and pack that sucker full of veggies and fold it up like a burrito almost. The real star here is the pie. If you love pie, then Penny Ann's is your place. I had the pleasure of tasting the banana cream and the key lime and both were decadent and amazing. They also have pecan pie and a chocolate-peanut butter that I'm told are great, but sadly I'm allergic. Quite possibly the best cheap eats in the Salt Lake area. Check it out, you won't be sorry.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,6/17/2012,245,216,1,12,3>I have been going to the Garage for years since a friend's family owns it. It was always the biggest dive filled with older men who probably stopped by for a beer after a long day of work at the refinery. I hadn't gone in about a year when I started seeing people check in at the bar. I just assumed my hipster friends found a new dive bar to take over.Lo and behold, they had remodeled. The place is lovely with a fun industrial feel. I particularly like that when they're at capacity, it doesn't feel overcrowded like most bars.The drinks are a little watered down but inexpensive. The food is really great! I've had most of the appetizers a couple of entrees and I haven't been disappointed yet.The only complaint I have is parking. Hopefully they can expand in the future to make room for more parking spots.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,6/16/2012,434,167,3,6,6>I am usually pretty skeptical of super hyped-up restaurants (or anything else for that matter) but I was convinced by Manfriend that this place was tits and worth checking out. So when I was craving Mexican the other night, I thought I was SOL because it happened to be 10pm. Yes, it was a Friday, but I've noticed a lot of places in this city like to shut down and call it a night pretty early. So I was extremely pleased to see that Red Iguana stayed open til 11. And its no joke, because there were plenty of people there when we arrived at about 10:15 or so. Another plus to eating late... no wait for a table. :)    The menu is rather extensive, and I was soooo happy to see the gajillion (or seven) different kinds of mole... cause hot damn do I love me some mole. I also love enchiladas.. so when I spotted the Enchiladas Verdes, which combined sour cream chicken enchiladas and delicious green mole. I doubt thats the name, but its green and its mole, figure it out. I picked this even over my other Mexican love, chile rellenos. But, manfriend ordered those... so no worries. Also, they provide the standard basket of chips and dish of salsa... TONS of chips in this case... and a very good salsa. I prefer my salsa with a good amount of heat... and this definitely provided.      I had no more finished my glass of wine when our food came out. I seriously think it was less than 10 minutes after ordering. This makes a hungry girl verrrry happy. :)  And this food coming out made me more pleased than usual, because it was absolutely scrumptious looking. They literally take a small casserole dish, throw a couple huuuuge enchiladas in there, drench it in mole, and cover it in cheese, tomatoes, olives, and green onions, and bake. Tell me that doesn't sound like heaven. Manfriend's also delicious-looking (and tasting) dish was served with a couple seemingly homemade tortillas, so I swooped, because the extra mole really deserved that. It was damn near perfect, a decent amount of spice and heat without being overpowering.. and it was sooo great paired up with those enchiladas.. heaven.      I can't really say anything bad about the service. Our server was quick, decently friendly and made no mistakes.. Nothing too outstanding, but he did his job, and thats all I can really ask for.     I can't wait to go back and try more mole-related items, and several other yum sounding items on their vast menu. I have a feeling Red Iguana and I will be great friends.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,6/15/2012,81,221,,6,2>Recently dined at Roots for breakfast on a weekday morning. We tried getting in on a weekend and it was packed so the weekday idea was perfect. We were the only diners in the restaurant for quite a while and had a really delightful experience. My breakfast burrito was fresh and I particularly loved the salsa. I would say it doesn't need such large pieces of veggies in it. Perhaps smaller cuts or less would mesh better for my taste. But, in my quest for the perfect breakfast burrito in Utah, this one faired pretty well. Friend had the egg breakfast with bacon, and a pancake. LOVED the pancake...great texture and done correctly. Coffee was good and service was great. I love places like this...someone has a vision of what he/she enjoys eating. In this case, local, organic, healthful. My kinda joint! I can't wait to check out lunch!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,6/14/2012,7,28,11,9,4>Never particularly felt the need to review Liberty Park as it's so well-reviewed already but now that it's been besmirched...Liberty Park isn't sleazy.  It's a beautiful park and almost any time of day has plenty of people around that are exercising or just enjoying the park.  It also has a wonderful restaurant nearby (Park Cafe) that you should visit often.    I realize that Utah may have more than its share of sheltered people but I expect them to be scared of Rose Park, Glendale or whatever, not Liberty Park.   If you feel like you're going to be murdered every time you go to Liberty Park you probably shouldn't venture out of your house.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,6/13/2012,33,37,2,7,3>People sometimes ask me what my favorite food is. Because I'm Indian, they assume I'll say Indian food. WRONG. If there's one cuisine I could eat forever, it would probably be Thai food, especially if I can get it from this restaurant!The service at the restaurant is impeccable - the waitress is super friendly and attentive. She also remembers your preferences. The second time I came to this restaurant, she remembered to give me extra hot sauce/powder on the side. The third time I came in, she remembered that I liked my entrees spicy without me even having to tell her. AND she brought out some hot sauce before I even asked! Each time I go here, I've tried something new. The first two times I went here, I got take out for lunch. The portions are perfect (even for a VERY hungry girl like me). It comes with two entrees, rice and salad. The salad dressing is DELICIOUS. (In fact, it was SO good that I ate the remaining dressing with rice even after I finished my salad!)The other great thing about this place is that everything has a distinct flavor and is never greasy! (Not like another [unnamed] Thai place nearby which has a tendency to get my husband sick at least once every three times he eats there. I don't know why he keeps going back. *shakes head*) I've tried the green curry, the massaman curry, the pad gra pow, the pra ram, the mee jay noodles and the pad siew. Everything was amazing! The Pra Ram was something new to me. It was incredibly peanut-y. (Not recommended if you don't like peanuts.) The Mee Jay was perfect! It was garlicky and perfectly done. The Pad Siew was also so delicious! Not gonna lie, my mouth is watering just thinking about the tasty tasty food here... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,6/12/2012,18,100,,2,3>If someone took a photo of this place and asked 'What City Are You In?' the answer might be Portland or San Francisco.  But this is what makes the dining scene in Salt Lake City so exciting these days.  Service is very good.  Beverage list is outstanding - great wines and beers by the glass (totally sophisticated list).  Everyone enjoyed their entrees.  I'd go back in a second.  I'm going to echo Jeffrey S. in saying that the place DID meet (and exceed) by expectations which were very high.  I think the food could actually be better - and I'll order something different next time to find 'my' dish - but the fact is I am a new fan and there WILL be a next time.  Thanks for creating this hip, stylish, quality place.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,6/11/2012,42,262,6,4,5>Empty at 12:30p on a Wednesday!?!? What the flock! Utah... Please, for the love of A. Bourdain, support your local BBQ! This place surpassed all expectation. List of do's:- all meats. Tried every one with the exception of chicken and sausage. Ribs great, pulled pork perfect (not salted btw), brisket - expletive! (see image). Massive smoke ring, perfect juiciness, smiling from ear to ear.- BBQ sauce good- eat the coleslaw, corn bread, peach cobbler en mass.Will return, bringing all of my favorite people, but not Tye, he eats too slow.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,6/10/2012,139,132,2,6,3>I went in to see Jared with hair that was beyond my shoulder blades. My plan was to lop it all off and go for a short cut. This idea sprung from my somewhat busier life with the addition of a baby to our family. Jared stopped me from this and convinced me that he could give me un-mom hair that was wash and wear. Oh was he right! So glad he stopped me! I've seen what he can do with other friends' hair and he is a master at his craft! Love him, I'll be back!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,6/9/2012,48,57,6,5,4>Instructions for use: Apply Center Street Deli (TM) Brand foodstuff directly to one's mouth as needed. If satisfaction is not achieved immediately, contact a mental health professional.I just discovered Center Street Deli today and decided to try it. It's built upon the metaphorical ashes of Cape May, another delicious (but short-lived) food peddler. When I walked in and saw the giant Boar's Head sign, I knew I had made the right decision. The owners are quite helpful, offering suggestions and samples and humorous quips. I ended up ordering the "Aaron", a cajuny combination of meats, cheeses, sauces, and pure unadulterated dopamine. I tell you, this is the best sandwich the city of Provo has yet to offer me. I also sampled the Asian Pork sandwich that was the day's special, and it was equally amazing with its Asian-style mustard and plum sauce.The Aaron sandwich was served in a combo with some potato-chip-french-fry hybrids the proprietors called "potato rounds". They were salty and good.Warning: If Center Street Deli foodstuffs are swallowed, contact a deliciousness control center immediately. Avoid contact with eyes, because that causes severe sandwich-eyes. Other side effects may include salivation, involuntary vocalizations, and a balancing of the four bodily humors.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,1/14/2011,67,197,,7,6>A couple of guys who were a part of Himalayan Kitchen (before HK moved to their new location in mid-2009) opened this place last month. Not surprisingly, the quality of food remains top notch. These guys know a thing or two about cooking good, tasty sub-continental food. They serve both Nepali and Indian cuisine. The place is spacious, well-lit and the service is good. I was here for dinner recently. Tried the Everest chicken, which is a little sweet but goes well if you ask them to make it hot. Also, had paneer chilli, which I could tell was going to be plain awesome from the moment the server kept it on the table! They were inconsistent with their naans but thats alright, Kathmandu did enough to move right up in my list of Indian restaurants in the valley!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,1/13/2011,100,149,8,10,10>I'll be honest, I was a touch hesitant of Sushi Groove at first.  The name, the flaunted 'DJ's', funky artwork/interior design, the whole thing screams about how hip it wants to be.  I wasn't quite sure if I was cool enough to eat here.  I imagined being screened at the door by some soulless bouncer and then being turned away.Nonetheless all I heard were endlessly good reviews; the place is the new venture by some people from Oh Sushi which also received rave reviews too before they left.  When I heard about their special deal for facebook friends on Tuesdays, I figured I'd head on down there early and hopefully get out of there before the cool kids descended and the DJ 'dropped' some 'beats'.  At least I think thats what they drop anyway.The deal on Tuesdays if you mention the facebook offer is great.  $2.50 for any nigiri on the menu.  $2.50 PBRs too if memory serves.  That my friends is a downright bargain, especially so when you consider the quality of the product and the talented staff.I sat up at the sushi bar which features weird (read cool) seats that kinda depress a little when you perch on them.  From there you are confronted by the sushi chefs and the great big specials board.  They had a few intriguing items, some I'd never even seen before (hebi for one) so I ordered a bunch of cut price nigiri and dug in.  Everything was great to excellent, indeed the cuts of fish on the nigiri were slightly oversized to what I am accustomed to, enveloping the rice underneath, rather than sitting daintily on top.  A great value again for the price and quality.  We also tried some salads and a roll or two, again all good to really great.I noted a number of special dessert rolls on the specials menu, one I saw the chef make was the seasonal 'jack o lantern', which was a roll containing pumpkin pie, cheesecake filling, choc chips, grahm crackers and then tempura fried.  They had more too, not my cup of tea, but spoke abundantly to the talent and creative of the guys here.  My guess is you will see some really interesting things crop up on the menu here.  As we finished up the main chef noted we should stick around and wait for the DJ and maybe dancing later.  Not sure how serious he was about the dancing, but way too cool for me at any rate.  We made our excuses and left, but will be back for certain.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,1/12/2011,36,75,7,7,4>SOAPBOX: Here is the line I always use when talking about Greek food: It's the new middle of the road.  And I mean that in a pejorative way.  SLC is littered with Greek joints, most of them cheap...some mid-tier.  I know of no local high-end Greek places.  I think Greek cuisine needs a muse because I have eaten at high-end places in NYC and Chicago, and none of them make the grade.  For that reason, I now think of Greek food as "cheap" in nature.  Having said all that, I do like Greek food!  It can be quite healthy, and it feels very homemade and personal (when it's good).The best part of City Greek is the service.  How crazy is that?  They really do care about your experience there, and it shows in every way.  Given that most gyros in town are at the same level...the service pushes City Greek over the top.The food at CG is pretty damn good.  In the gyros they use grape tomatoes, which is a blessing.  The white sauce is also tasty (though I wish it had feta chunks).  The pitas are fresh and warm.  The salads are tasty too.  I don't love their lemon rice (they are using converted rice), but it's decent.CG has a little frequent diner card that they push on new customers.  I HATE those things because my wallet is filled with cards I already forget to use.  However, I use my card at CG because they have instituted a prize wheel at the register.  Yeah, it's hokey as hell, but I have actually scored a free sandwich by using it.  Free drinks, sides...you name it.  This wheel is going to put them out of business, but I'm going to spin the damn thing like friggin' contestant until they die!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2010,1/11/2011,114,115,8,9,6>What is there to say that hasn't already been said. Come here for the beer and atmosphere. It not your average bar. My only wishlist is that they have more appetizers/snack foods on the menu. While the food is very good since it comes from Vienna Bistro next door, nachos are the only thing I would consider "snackable." I could easily spend hours there but I'd like to graze and not have a full blown meal. How hard would it be to put pomme frites on the list?Quick tip, if you want to drive people away, order the baked raclette cheese. You can smell it coming, not in a pleasant way. You'd think something so pungent would have flavor, but it was very bland and gritty in texture.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,1/10/2011,270,98,8,9,10>Love Butter?  Wish you could swim in a giant vat of it?  Want to die of coronary heart disease - but with a giant smile on your face?  This is THE place to go then.I got my first taste of Tulie Bakery at the Downtown Farmer's Market.  Pretty much any place that carries Pain au Chocolat thrills me.  I had to make a stop into the actual bakery.It's gorgeous.  Everything I hoped for.  Maybe a little more.  I didn't realize they do sandwiches (Hello grilled cheese lover) and brioche French toast.  Unfortunately, they were out of my beloved Pain au Chocolat.  Instead, I chose to order a regular croissant and a baby cheesecake with gorgeous blackberries and blueberries atop.The croissant was more buttery than perhaps anything I have ever eaten.  Except maybe a stick of butter.  A little crispier/crunchier than ideal but the pull on the inside as well as the delicious butter flavor that oozed with each bite made me finish it.  You should also know that their croissants are quite large.  Think meal sized.The baby cheesecake was also creamy and delicious.  And, personally, I'm a sucker for beautifully plated creations.  Tulie Bakery will not disappoint.  A bit pricier than other bakeries but beautiful.  Definitely worth a splurge (of the wallet and the caloric intake) every now and again.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,1/9/2011,48,57,18,15,10>Little Dave, you coy bastard... hiding an outstanding sandwich shop behind such a bland edifice.  If not for the Yelp-delving of an enterprising co-worker, I'd never have given the place a second glance.Parking is decent, although for some reason someone parked a 1930s-era truck in the center of the dining area. Inside, the tiffany lamp shades and illuminated retro soda bottles create a nice atmosphere. Regarding the food: Dave's is the best Philly Steak I've yet had in Utah. I ordered it with the optional provolone and mushrooms. Soon thereafter I was presented with a chunk of delicious bread slathered with what I can only assume to be the flesh of young unicorns marinated in hope and wonder. As I consumed the lovingly-crafted sandwich I may have shed a single tear. A weaker man would have wept openly. It was tasty.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,1/8/2011,38,197,,11,8>We loved this place! What a great addition to the SLC foodie scene! Chef Ryan Lowder is a local boy who was schooled at the C.I.A. in Hyde Park, worked the line as chef de partier at Restaurant Jean-Georges, traveled and worked in Spain, came back to work for Mario Batali at Casa Mono, and subsequently opened the NYC Catalan venture Mercat as its executive chef. And now he's back in SLC with his wife Colleen who has also traveled extensively and has worked the front of the house at such places as the Four Seasons in NYC, the Grand Central Oyster Bar, Vai, and Vento. The upshot is that we get NYC food at SLC prices...awesome.The setting is great...catch an artsy-fartsy flick at the Broadway, then grab dinner! As Jeff H. says, there is plenty of metered parking nearby which is free on weekends. The decor is kind of contemporary bistro. The place is very bustling (ie loud) but is electric with life.We arrived on a Saturday night for the dinner rush around 6pm without reservations...our hostess apologized, but apparently all their tables were already spoken for. No problem, they would seat us at the counter. What a break! IMHO, those are the best seats in the house. I sat at the "pass", and not only got a great view of everything as it was being prepared, but also all the finished dishes as they came through.We started with a nice house-made focaccia topped with sea-salt with olive oil. It was pretty good but nothing special. I opted for a special wild mushroom appetizer of the night ($11). Hen of the woods and Japanese honshimeji mushrooms were simply sauteed and poured over previously blanched asparagus which were then caramelized on the flattop. This was then topped with hollandaise sauce. The asparagus was perfectly tender yet crisp, and the abundant mushrooms were perfectly seasoned...unfortunately, this good but not great dish was diminished by a somewhat wan and bland hollandaise. It was, however, one of the most-ordered dishes of the night...I saw one or two of these babies fly past me every minute! My wife ordered the pork belly salad ($9) off the regular menu, and it WAS great. Cubes of moist, tender, fatty but unctuously rich pork belly were somehow crisped perfectly without turning the pork to chewy leather (sadly, I know firsthand this is not an easy task)...this was some of the best pork belly I have ever had anywhere. This was topped with a delicious salad of lightly pickled carrots and scallions. The carrots were a little sweet and a little tart (there was just enough acid to cut through the fattiness of the pork) while maintaining a nice crunch. What a simple but wonderful interplay of sweet, sour, salty, and texture. I then chose another special for my entree, the fideua ($16), a kind of noodle seafood paella from Valencia. A pretty decent number of clams and mussels were sauteed with crumbled chorizo and briefly steamed in a light broth with tender fava beans. Fried short noodles then topped the dish...they would slowly absorb the liquid and turn "al dente". This was then topped with a dollop of a nicely garlicky lemon aioli. The perfectly seasoned result was something that was very satisfying yet curiously still light. I would order it again if I had the chance. My wife opted for another choice off the regular menu, the Niman Ranch lamb riblets ($16). This was an interesting dish and not at all what I expected. A full slab of what I believe were lamb short ribs cut into three rib sections were served (trust me, that is a lot of meat). They had been braised and then finished to a nice char on the griddle (and were not overdone as per another review here). With the acid from the grilled lemon, what resulted was surprisingly tender and "lamby" without being overpowering (it was probably adult lamb after all). A potato cauliflower salad was served on the side...admittedly an odd combination but it worked. The cauliflower, which I usually hate, was caramelized to an extreme degree, and transformed the vegetable for me. Fried circles of fingerling potatoes were added and everything was tossed with wild greens in a light vinaigrette. My wife loved it, but could not finish all the lamb (lucky for me). We were stuffed but Colleen tempted us with her selection of house-made deserts. We opted for a "light" option and got a scoop of homemade chocolate-orange and elderflower ice cream made with St. Germaine liquor ($5). The former had a nice "oranginess" to it, while the latter had an interesting herbal note that played off well with the sweetness. Dinner ran us about $81 including tax and tip, really quite moderate for dining of this quality. Our server Bryan was great...friendly, efficient, and informative, and earned his 25%. The Copper Onion was, I daresay, our finest dining experience in Utah, and has made our short list of places to take our out-of-town guests!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,1/7/2011,106,206,2,8,6>I went to this place after reading all the reviews, and I have to say that everything said about this place is spot-on.  Cheap diner-esque food and breakfast faves- with REAL whipped cream, served in a dated Vegas-like corner resto.  And their breakfast potatoes were delicious.  Maybe a little too salty, but with an amazing crispiness that I've never had before.  And the coffee's not half bad either!But I think the best part is that it cost me $8 for breakfast and I didn't have to wait to get seated.  I drove past The Park later that day, saw the crowd outside, and was glad that I had chosen to eat at this dive instead!And oh yes- as all have noted, CASH ONLY!!!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,1/6/2011,375,534,12,27,19>There are no words for me to express how much I love this store.  I would have to be abducted by an exraterrestrial spacecraft, transported to another galaxy and taught an alien language that is only communicated telepathically in order to tell you how much I love this store.The background is: I was born in Taiwan, raised in San Francisco, recently moved here from NYC and my parents live in Thailand.  I've taken Asian grocery stores for granted all my life.  Not until today, when I was nearly sobbing for joy over a batch of fresh galangal, lemongrass and Indian eggplants, did I realize how imperative Asian groceries are to my quality of life.This is no beginner's Asian grocery store.  Sure, they have the gummy candies and the chocolate Pocky that most people love, but come here to get fresh taro, spice cubes for pho ga, dark soy sauce, mizkan sesame dressing, dehydrated pork flakes, salted duck eggs, gulab jamun cake mix and so much more.  This place is for the avid cook and the true Asian food enthusiast.  Don't come here if you like to whine.The final word is, I know what a treasure it is for a whole fresh banana flower, a packet of pickled Chinese mustard greens, a bottle of pure ghee and a carton of mochiko flour to exist in a single shopping cart together.  I wasn't sure if I'd be able to adjust to life in Salt Lake City, but now thanks to Southeast Asian Market, I most definitely can.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,1/5/2011,1710,637,4,10,7>05.18.10 first visitthis location used to be taqueria el rey de oro.ambience: A-i noticed that all the stainless steel on the drink machines and in the kitechn were polished to perfection. (yes, i checked the grill hoods in the kitchen which are visible from the front.)service: B+the cashier is the server as well. there was only one more gentleman in the restaurant, and he was in the middle of his meal, so that didn't really matter.  the cashier/server was polite and answered all my questions about the menu. i had to ask for a key ingredient on my tacos for which my server apologized and quickly brought to me. food: A-delicious. was NOT a big fan of their beans. the rice was just fine. (i don't know what it is about rice, but i always feel at home in a restaurant when there's rice around.)tacos al pastor $1.25 per tacosweet and spicy pork, onions, cilantro, pineapple (the ingredient they forgot), and lime juice. i think the mexicans made al pastor for japanese people. they're just the right size for my smaller sized hands. and the flavor is WONDERFUL. i think tacos are my new love. i told the cashier that all i'll order next time are tacos. i'll be trying:suadero (fried steak), pescado, barbacoa (lamb), cabeza, pollo, and, of course, pastor.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2013,8/19/2013,186,563,1,5,1>I came here expecting middle eastern food, but was confused when the sign said Greek food. This made me expect gyros and whatnot, but it's definitely middle eastern fare. My husband had the beef shawarma plate and it looked good but I didn't try any. I had the falafel wrap, which despite being called a wrap, came on a roll. Which was to. die. for. Really, some of the most amazing bread I've ever tasted.The falafel balls themselves were way different than I am used to, and they were white as opposed to brown/green/other variations I've had before. The flavor was incredible and I loved it. The sandwich came with a mango sauce that was vinegary and delicious. Before they brought my dish, the server brought me a small dish of the pungent sauce to taste to make sure its what I wanted on my sandwich. I really appreciated that! Now for the not-so-fabulous. We waited probably 25 minutes before they took our order, despite the place being fairly empty. We did notice other tables being waited on before ours, but I don't know if I would go so far as to say it was a race thing. I hope they read this feedback and change that because it was a little bit awkward and uncomfortable and I would definitely love to come back and eat here again based on the food and good prices, but hesitate due to the service.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,8/18/2013,69,142,,2,3>I'm leaning towards a 3.5, but I feel generous today so I will round up to a 4. I'm also a fan of Robins Nest (same owner) so that will bump them up to 4 stars :)The concept is by no means new, however it is definitely unique to Salt Lake City. They have some very interesting combinations with toppings including chips, chili, potato salad, bacon, mac and cheese, and the list goes on and on. I usually stick to one of the specialty dogs, however you can make your own unique dog with any of the available toppings.I've tried quite a few different dogs here and they all were good, however I'm going to stick to the dog with kimchi.  i don't remember what it's called (i think they may have even changed the name once) but it is by far my favorite - kimchi, water chestnuts, and green onions. I always add some sriracha to it as well.  But disclaimer: I am biased because yes, I am Korean  ;)Prices are pretty good.  If memory serves me right, I think they have a special for two dogs and chips for around $8. There is rarely a line and service is quick, but really, how long could it take to throw some toppings on a hot dog?  I'm definitely adding Good Dog to the weekday lunch rotation
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,8/17/2013,46,405,5,4,1>This is no longer Viva Market. It's called Tenochtitlan Market. Good luck pronouncing that unless you have some type of Aztec blood running through your body. This is the ideal place for all of your low cost Mexican produce, meats, sneakers, skin care products and children clothing needs. Oh, and phone cards. They have tons of phone cards for you as well. This is all fine and good, and the prices are much better than your local Smith's. White people are just afraid and think that Mexicans somehow don't eat the same meats as white people, so there are literally no white people in this place other than myself. You can save some money by coming here. It's extremely clean. But my favorite part is they have a full service restaurant within the market. And it's not a Pizza Hut or Little Cesar's. It's like GOOD, authentic Mexican food. Give the ceviche a try. Even if you don't buy anything enrich your life with something other than your white bread world and take a walk through this market.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,8/16/2013,22,118,9,4,4>For those with ears, let them hear: Chicken Korma and garlic naan is likely the best meal in the free world. I suppose the North Koreans have a dish or two that keep them slaves to Communism. I imagine the Cubans stay there for a culinary reason or those women. Gawd, those Cuban women.... BUT I'm convinced, if people everywhere had one bite of what I just consumed, there would be world peace. And it would last!It's a wonder that there isn't a line out the door from the time these people open their doors(4:30). They are not open on Sunday but I'm leading a lobbying effort to get them to reverse this horrible decision.Those who have eaten here know what I'm talking about. At least those without lead poisoning that have eaten here know what I'm talking about. Those that will eat here eventually will understand completely once they sink their teeth into the goodness that is Royal India.My daughter likes the Aloo Mutter. I'll eat what she leaves behind because this goodness is too good to throw away. My 9-year-old didn't like the breaded chicken with mango chutney dipping sauce. Her palate isn't fully developed yet and I mostly blame my ex-wife for her lack of culinary sophistication.They have a location in Bountiful. It's a Book of Mormon City. I've never eaten there but if I lived in Bountiful and if that location is half as good as the Sandy location, I would bow down to the Almighty and praise him daily for the fortuitousness of having a Royal India within minutes of my home.As for the Sandy location; I could walk but I don't. Global warming be damned, this is good stuff and I can't get here soon enough! If the only location were in Bountiful, I would be writing this review 30 minutes from now because that's how long it would have taken me to drive back to my home in Sandy.It's really that good!I'm neither an employee, relative or paid spokesperson.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,8/15/2013,78,69,,9,4>I'm a student here at NIMA and I love it! Teachers are very thorough and will give you individualized help. We have the most lasers out of any school in utah so students can learn on all different models. So glad I chose this school! Very professional and clean.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,8/14/2013,83,511,,4,2>I love people from all walks of life can be seen here, people watching is epic, ha!  Dog watching is fun too.  I always buy herbs and vegetables, flowers and snack from the food vendors.  Nothing stands out as far as art or jewelry but i love looking.  As far as prices, well you can always haggle.  I dont even mind the parking, the further the more exercise i get.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,8/13/2013,66,56,1,6,2>Finding good Nepali food in Salt Lake is not an easy task.  The Kathmandu however is amazing (which should be expected being named after the capital city).   Everything I have had here has been delicious.  My personal favorite is the momo's I have tried both the chicken and the lamb both living up the high standards I hold for momo's.  They also come with a delicious sauce for dipping them in.  Other dishes I have loved here are the chicken butter, vegetable samosas, naan, and the Gulab Jamun.  I don't think you could go wrong with any of the curries.  On top of the great food, they have an incredible atmosphere with Nepali music playing in the background and photos of Nepal playing on a TV.  They service is quick and friendly.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/12/2013,109,387,3,5,3>Freaking delicious food. Freaking delicious prices. Freaking awesome service. Freaking awesome variety.So happy with this place. Open all the time, delish food all the time.I go for their fish tacos, nachos, and chimichangas, but in all honesty, everything I've had at this place so far, is great, and I haven't gotten sick the next day like you usually do after an infamous late night rendezvous with this kind of establishments... if ya know what I mean.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/11/2013,80,97,2,3,3>Good things come in small packages. This is especially true for the fruity ice pops found at this Mexican ice cream shop inside the Latino Mall on Redwood Road. I went there thanks to Jeffrey's suggestion that I might find these ice pops that I've been craving since I got home. The owner speaks terrific English which is a wonderful thing to a gringo gal like me. He was also eager to show me all of the different ice pops available. If you like pineapple with chile, they've got it. They even have one made with Mamey fruit. I also saw that they had a few fruitas-- they're a delicious juice drink that reminds me of Kerns nectars only better. I haven't tried them yet, but I have to save something for my next visit...which will be when I finish the half dozen ice pops I purchased. Of course, that won't be too long if the weather continues to be this hot!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,8/10/2013,23,15,,10,3>Delicious!My husband and I were a bit skeptical, but decided to try after reading other reviews on Yelp. And the reviews were pretty spot on.Our service was fantastic, our waitress was conversational and funny without being awkward or forced and gave some great recommendations.We had the Bruschetta as an appetizer, and it was so incredibly goooood. Coming out it was warm but not excruciatingly hot like it had been microwaved or something. The bread was crispy and the ingredients tasted fresh.I ordered the lasagne, and it was delish. I couldn't even finish half.  My husband ordered the chicken saltimbocca, which was also great. The chicken was fresh and nommy.The prices were definitely reasonable, the food is fresh and the flavors are  not your run of the mill Olive Garden. The only thing I was bummed about was the lack of people (granted, we did go for lunch on a weekday), but I'd love to see this place get the recognition I think it deserves. I really want to go back and try the Jumbo Stuffed Shells and gelato for dessert.If you're craving Italian and are sick of Olive Garden and the Spaghetti Factory, why not give Siragusa's a try?
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/18/2012,13,15,,6,3>Last year I bought all my flowers at a big-box store.  This year I wanted to support a local business, so we went to Millcreek Gardens.They have a very large selection of plants, all well-organized.  It was pretty easy to see where the shade plants were, the perennials, the annuals, and the sale plants.  Almost every plant had an easy-to-find price either on its container or nearby.I wasn't looking for any specific plants, so I don't know if I would have had trouble finding azaleas or rhododendrons or how helpful the staff would be.  I just helped myself to what I thought looked nice.  Checkout was relatively painless, even though I had a wagon full of miscellaneous plants.Your garden accessories--pots, dirt, tools, fertilizer, decorations, etc.--can also be purchased here.  Prices seemed a tad high on the few things I looked at, but I'm no expert on these things.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,9/17/2012,1481,94,17,17,17>ParkingEasy parking with the lot in back and abundant street parking all around. There is no drive-thru.  The starbucks down the road has one if you need that kind of fix.  ServiceStaff is friendly, lightning fast, and super-helpful: "What can I get started for you!" and/or "if you have any questions about the menu let me know!"  I have observed an utter lack of flustering in response to weird orders (none by me though ftr).  Patron A: "I'd like an almost medium iced hyper-latte but in a venti cup made with half-cream half-skinny, scalding, with  triple red-eyed with 1 eye closed (i.e., 1 decaf, 2 regular shots) with whip and then pour half of it over ice into a new large cup, add two shots of regular coffee,  then add some extra whip sprinkle two shakes of cinnamon and then double cup it.  Oh, and don't forget to sugar seven-eighths of the rim. Also, be sure to close your eyes and think of a talking avocado while you are making it."   Everyone understandably seems to tip.  The owner, Jeremiah, is often on location chilling out and talking shop.  He truly cares about this place and it shows.OfferingsA bevy of choices including lots of non-caffeinated options.  Boba!   Better coffee than Starbucks--which is not saying much.  The americano is mossy to-die-for superb!  The long hard biscotti is delicious!   I recommend ordering a biscotti and an americano and taste them together as they make hot love in your mouth.   There is non-fat milk available behind the counter. The rest of their pastry and other food offerings are not so much.  Cliff bars at double the grocery store price is kind of cheating.   The food-truck that came to the Yelp event here (way back when) would do well to visit again every day around lunchtime.          VibeThis is a perfect sanctuary to chill and hangout and do nothing or do something. Whatever.   A dog-eared copy of the latest New Yorker lying around completes the big city feel.  The music system is amazing: not too loud, subtle and rich just like their coffee.  Only the finest selection of tunes are allowed to be played.  No tween wave.  So many sinkinable couches that it could be mistaken for a furniture store.  If coffeeshops were clothes this joint would definitely be your favorite pair of weekend sweatpants.    Side note: You will begin to smell a little bit like espresso grounds if you stay for more than a 15 minutes of fame.  This may be due to the vibe or apparent lack of air circulation.  ArtworkDefying expectations (re: the Portlandia sketch on bad coffeeshop art) the diverse artwork is mostly wonderful.    Speaking of artwork, there is a tattoo shop literally next door.  They should throw a promo: anyone who tats the 'coffee connection' logo should receive a freebie extra shot of espresso for life.  Why not? Study HallThe adjunct study booths room is spotless and inviting.  Complete with comfy padded booths, a please-be-quiet-in-the-study-hall signage, double-hook coat-hooks, and a perfectly situated power outlet on the wall above each glass-topped solid wood table.  The booths are amazing.  They would make the cover of a do-it-yourself carpentry magazine  and are surprisingly comfortable, sort of like sitting in a jacuzzi (minus the water and jets).  I would not mind serving a detention here.         Water ClosetsSpacious and basically clean, but not sparkling. Single person use.   Sink has hot and cold water.  A large mirror.  What more could a coffee-shop patron ask for?WifiTo get online wifi access you have to buy something and then they hand you a a piece of paper that says "Thanks for visiting Coffee Connection!  Your quick connect code is provided below:  .... Good for 4 hours of free internet access on day of purchase."  The connect codes are disgustingly cute, caffeinated-beverage related phrases such as "unstoppable breve" and "tremendous americano."   The wifi hotspot names rhyme: "CC Where savvy students come" and "CC Where business gets done"    wtfwifi.com would be proud. Connection ComplaintMy one and only serious complaint is that during my recent visits, a 15 minute warning notice appeared and i was kicked off the wifi network after only about 2 hours of use instead of the promised 4.  No connection at the coffee connection. ironic?    Indeed, I am here right now and am about to get kicked off again any second now even though it has only been a couple hours since I logged on.  PearlI have one final item to round out this review that is a crucial pearl of wisdom.  What I am about to share with you is of extremely vital importance and will significantly enhance your experience:  No matter what happens, whenever you visit the Coffee Connection always make sure that you
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,9/16/2012,10,158,,2,2>I love Jasmine for the Bento Box. Today, I got the shrimp tempura and as always very good. The bento box comes with soup, a small salad, two potstickers, rice and a California roll for $7.95. I had the egg drop soup and it was very good (you can choose between egg drop and hot & sour). My veggies and shrimp tempura were also good. The batter on teh veggies was light and flavorful, not greasy at all. They give you two onion rings, two zuchini slices, two sweet potato slices and a few green beans. The breading on the shrimp was a little heavier, but not too heavy. You get two pieces of shrimp with the veggies. If you go, also ask for the 4 dipping sauces. You won't regret it.Service was awesome. Friendly, fast, got water right away and he came back often but not so often that it was annoying. Portions are good and I wound up taking half to go since I was full.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,9/15/2012,54,206,2,5,4>Our first dinner experience here was slightly better than mediocre, with friendly people but generally uninspired cuisine.Then I went for brunch.  Holy cow! It's classic American brunch fare "kicked up a notch" with unique ingredients, excellent technique, and culinary flare.  I'd have to say that their featured ingredient is their lamb gravy.  Now, I love biscuits and gravy -- it's probably my favorite brunch food -- but I never knew until now what flavor was missing.  I found it -- and it is lamb.  The rich, biting flavor of lamb melts perfectly with the spicy, creamy, meaty country gravy flavor and reaches near perfection at the Wild Grape.  Add to that some sausage and two perfectly poached eggs, and you've got yourself a farmer's benedict that would make even Mr. Arnold change his mind about deserting.  (Can I mix Benedict Arnold with eggs benedict in a review? Well, I just did.)They have a wide variety of vegetarian options, too, including a veggie benedict that is spectacular.  I've tried the brioche french toast, which of course is awesome, with fresh fruit and a nice, not overly sugary, maple syrup.Finally, no brunch there is complete without donut holes.  But these aren't your Dunkin holes, no sir.  They're about the size of your fist, and made to order.  It's a state fair treat done right, with a not too sweet, but very eggy, donut batter, fried to perfection and served with homemade huckleberry jam and custard.  Each time I order them, though I can only dream of a side of dunking chocolate.  If they'd only add that, I think I'd never leave. Oh, and did I mention the affordable mimosas, in about 10 different flavors, or the habanero bloody mary? Or the fact that they squeeze their own tomato juice (way better than that stuff from a can)?  I watch the people trudging into the Einstein Bagels that shares the building with Wild Grape, and thinking that they're paying $10 for a bagel sandwich and coffee, and shed a tear for those people, who for 20% more could have some of the best brunch of all time, right next door.We'll try Wild Grape again for dinner, but it is our go-to brunch place, and will be for a long time.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,9/14/2012,123,201,4,2,2>Did you just say you serve alligator? Or was it crocodile? I don't remember, but it tasted like chicken.I like this bar because the food is New Orleans inspired and the atmosphere is loud and cheery. It's a good place to meet up with a small group of friends and to drink some beer. They got a lot of imported beers and lots of different wines and liquors so go wild.Parking is a beast and you'll have to probably settle for street parking either across the street or elsewhere. That is the only thing that I dislike at this place, but you gotta do what you gotta do if you want some alligator/crocodile/chicken.I really do enjoy the sweet potato fries like others have mentioned and everything else is just fun to try out. I'd recommend the alligator/crocodile if you never had it before. When you do then you can check it off your bucket list.Recommendation(s): Alligator, no I think it was Crocodile...maybe both? And Sweet Potato Fries.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,9/13/2012,133,115,2,3,2>We stopped by this place today after noticing it while driving down 7th East in Sandy. They have a bunch of different exotic breeds of birds to check out that are also for sale. They sale pretty much any kind of bird food you could want out of bulk bins which is something I haven't seen before.  We picked out some pretty choice looking birdie crack (spray millet) for our junkie parakeet, and a new wreck-it toy. It looked like they had some type of veterinary clinic in the back as well if you need to get your bird serviced.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,9/12/2012,63,139,3,4,3>Salsa runs thick through my pale white veins.  I'm a fan of Mexican Food, not always the Utah variety. But sometimes if you look hard enough through the snow and clouds of the Wasatch there shines a bright light in Mexican Food like La Cocina.Utah Mexican food often lacks mexicaness... The high altitude must keep locals from liking a lot of spice and sometimes any flavor at all.  La Cocina's recipe book tastes like it was cooked up on the wind swept prairies of Texas not the spice free hills of Utah.I almost always get the tacos, their chicken and carne asada tacos are great.  They're served in a soft shell and they're usually dripping with flavor (or maybe its grease?).  And like all taco plates should be, they're loaded up with not one, not two, but three giant tacos.  They're loaded up with cheese and there's lettuce, tomatoes and guacamole on the side to garnish them with.  Like all proper Mexican dishes, there is a great Mexican rice and RE-FRIED BEANS!! on the side.  Did I mention they have re-fried beans?  Don't give me that "they aren't fresh" bit, re-fried is the best and as far as I'm concerned the only way to get your beans at a Mexican restaurant.I swear they have a whole menu full of stuff but I get the tacos every time.  I know I've seen enchiladas, salads, and the whole other ensemble of Mexican food.  They have a mean looking cold case up front full of a variety of beers.  Matter a fact, their bottled beer selection for a table service restaurant in the burbs is actually pretty impressive.If I had one comment, it would be the red salsa is horrible.  Its really sweet, really thin and has zero spice.  Its just pureed tomatoes and what tastes like sugar.  Thankfully they have a green salsa that is awesome.  The chip bowls are small but thankfully they keep them coming if you keep eating them.Sometimes you find little gems like La Cocina in the unlikeliest of places like a side street in Cottonwood Heights.  I give it an A in my book and its a shining spicy light in the sad flavorless world of most Utah Mexican restaurants.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,9/11/2012,136,248,,7,5>I'm surprised to see these great reviews giving 4 stars. This place is THE BEST THAI in the Wasatch front. I was no fan of curry until I met Woot at the pioneer park location. Now I'm there at least once a week. Finally got back to SLC last week and came to the new location as soon as I could. I was excited to see a bunch of dishes the other location does not have. I went with what could be the best dish here the Massuman Curry. The ribs were falling off the bone tender, there was fat but you are eating ribs so what do you expect, fat gives lots of flavor.The wifey got chicken satay and it disappeared (she's prego), between her and my 6 yr old who will hardly ever eat chicken, within about 10 minutes hahaha.Let me explain why every 4 needs to be updated to a 5 star here. FIRST, the ambiance at Ekamai is awesome. Very well decorated and modern. Second, Woot, the owner, makes you feel at home and remembers you every time you walk into the place. He came out and we talked as if we were old buddies the whole time we waited for our food, he came again while eating and again after. Seriously, what place do you know of that try's to treat all the customers that way?Third, of course the food. Show me better Thai food in the Wasatch front is all I'm saying. Let's support Ekamai as they are a SLC business demonstrating the American Dream to a T. Do not pass up Ekamai, hit up pioneer park for lunch and hit up sugarhouse for a chill dinner. and get the mango and sticky rice for desert at either location I promise you will be happy you did.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,9/10/2012,45,107,8,5,3>I rue the day Roula's opened so close to my work. I also celebrate. I have a love/hate relationship with Roula's. On one hand the food is amazing. On the other hand, it makes me find excuses to eat here for lunch rather than eat the Lean Cuisine I usually bring. There are daily specials, deli sandwiches, gyros, souvlaki, even a salad bar. The sweet treats are lovely.... Gooey rice crispy treats as large as your head? Brownies super chewy and chocolatey.... Screw you, Lean Cuisine. I am going to Roula's for lunch.Ps- I give them two snaps up for excellent customer service. They are some friendly folks.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,9/9/2012,160,294,4,13,5>Gimme some fin! This place is very cool. And not just for the little ones, either. Compared to places like the Maui Ocean Center, LPA has done a pretty decent job bringing such an exhibit to the barren desert.We spent a couple of hours here on a Saturday afternoon with a 5 month old. He was fascinated by everything...particularly the penguins, and the more colorful fish. There was much to see, and lots of information along the way to learn about all the various marine life.As of this date, the River Otter display is still up, as well as the Gentoo Penguins habitat. Both exhibits were better (if smaller) than I thought they'd be. There are dozens of types of the standard and the more exotic fish, crustaceans, touchable manta rays, snakes, turtles, octopus, sharks, eels, and...(wait for it)...an anaconda. Yes, Virginia, an anaconda. Impressive.For the $9.00 adult price tag, it was worth every penny just watching our little guy mesmerized by each new area. It's a nice set-up, although it could stand to be bigger. I hear they are developing a new, larger location which would solve many issues for them. One being parking. The small, former-grocery-store lot fills up quickly.If you're hungry, they offer a small cafeteria inside called Calypso's Cafe. We didn't try it out, so I can't vouch for the food. Once you're pretty much through the exhibit areas, it dumps you out in the gift shop where you can pick up stuffed versions of your favorites, etc...very Disney-esque.A suggestion to management: provide antibacterial soap (or at least a bottle of gel) for cleaning up after touching the manta rays/other touchable exhibit. The provided water fountain in which to rinse off is nice, but needs to be augmented by something antibacterial.My only real complaint has nothing to do with the Aquarium itself. It's the patrons who don't watch their children once inside. Kids on the loose running, screaming, pushing, and stumbling into you makes it hard to enjoy the experience at times. If it's crowded, be prepared to deal with a lot of disorderly children whose parents don't really give a damn. Overall, we were pleasantly surprised, and plentifully entertained. We'll be back when they change up their exhibits, for sure!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,7/8/2014,34,49,5,9,5>Amazing Fries!Amazing Beer!Crazy amounts of fry sauce.Crazy amounts of brats.If you want beer, brats, fries & good times with friends: come play!If not, please don't come & write a snarky review. No clue why re ratings are low, so look at me, I'm actually writing a Yelp! Review.They also have some mixed drinks & other food.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,7/7/2014,121,176,5,6,4>Heaven. This international food store seems to have the best of the UK/European/Aussie offerings. HP sauce, Harry potter butter beer, violet crumbles, and crumpets, this place gives competitors like Elizabeth's English Tea Shop (900 south in Slc) a run for their money. Pirate O's had the most divine Brie (Saint Angel?) to sample and we had to buy some. We did not try their cafe but may in the future. If you want to feel like a kid in a candy store again, then walk the candy aisles with a basket in hand and try not to make your dentist cry. We will be back!!!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,7/6/2014,25,144,3,9,5>I know what you're thinking. "Laurie. Five stars for another breakfast spot? Five stars after you gave five stars to Pig and a Jelly Jar? Five stars after giving five stars to Original Pancake House? How are all of these stars possible?" What can I say, SLC knows how to do breakfast right.I got the biscuits and gravy (I like to test every breakfast spot by the same dish) and was in a party of 5 during Saturday lunch rush. We waited about 30 minutes, but I feel like that's to be expected during that time - no complaints. Also because it was completely worth it.We took our time ordering, but our server was always polite and friendly. I think we were all surprised by the plethora of options at an affordable price. I would love to go back to try the french toast, the waffle sandwich, and more. Once we ordered, the food was out incredibly fast. I didn't time it but I was impressed. It was cramped seating but . . . taste and price are my ultimate considerations and The Park Cafe delivers delicious food at a cheap price in spades. I'm looking forward to going back very soon!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,7/5/2014,14,245,1,7,2>European, I was thinking Italy, France, Germany, etc. but this is more Eastern European, I noted the staff and many of the patrons speaking what appeared to be Slavic dialects   It is a good sign when European's are patronizing a European restaurant it hints that they must be doing it right.We went in for lunch I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich, it came with Chicken breast meat, Gyro meat, Swiss Cheese, ranch sauce and veggies.  It was served stuffed in a Pita style bread, I opted for the full which was a very generous portion, half would have been plenty.  Flavor was very good, the bread had a nice chew.  My coworker got one meat and one chees pita pie, she was going to opt for the pizza but the 20 minute wait was too much for lunch and the pita pies were coming out of the oven.  They cook up full size pies, the size of a small-medium pizza and sell it by the slice.  The pies were very tasty, they appeared to be made from filo dough, lots of layers of flaky crust on top and bottom stuffed with flavorful filling, again meat on one and feta chees in the other.  In my opinion, they were very good but needed a dipping sauce to add a little more to the experience.In summary, great servers, eclectic and unique menu items, great flavor, generous portions at the right price.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,7/4/2014,105,86,6,5,5>So please allow me to start by saying that this is my wife's place, as long as I am going down that road I guess I should just be clear, this place is ALL about the ladies.On the night that my wife took me here for the first time there were three separate "girlfriend parties" going on, you know, five or six ladies sharing a few different desserts, talking about girl stuff, and taking a lot of pictures ....................... it seemed like they were having a great deal of fun.Anyway, The Chocolate is a great little place in a unique building, they have moved a few hundred feet south of their old building and I know that because when we turned in where my wife told me to turn in she immediately had a panic attack when she saw the travel agency sign where The Chocolate was supposed to be!! Fear not, loving husband to the rescue, "hey babe, isn't that it right over there?" met be screams of excitement as she realized that they had not closed down, they just moved.My wife said she liked the old building more but the new spot most definitely has some personality of its own.Now the desserts, according to my beautiful bride and best friend it is all about the Cazookie at The Chocolate so that is what we tried and let me just say that it was not half bad.I got a Lemon Curd Cupcake to go and it was a good cupcake, not the best cupcake that I have ever had but good.Overall this place is a lot of fun, it is locally owned (awesome), the desserts are good, the staff is very attentive, the building has its own personality, and my wife likes it so that is good enough for me.Until next time my fellow Yelpers ........................... Live Local, Be Local, and whenever possible .............................. BUY Local!!!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,7/3/2014,12,126,3,4,3>I wandered in with no expectations, and boy was I surprised! The place was packed, save just enough room for me and my party. There was one server, but she was working like Paul Bunyan hacking though Oregon. We quizzed her on what the stuff was other people were eating, and she got all the answers right! I ordered Yakisoba (Japanese), and my friends Pho (Vietnamese), Singapore Noodles (Singapore and curry), and a Korean BBQ (Korea). Where in Asia Major are we?Despite the geographical confusion, best noodles in Utah County. The overworked server was quick, attentive, and friendly in a frazzled sort of way. I was happy to pay $10 for my pleasant surprise.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,7/2/2014,1481,94,9,12,15>Cold beer on tap.  Good deal.  More than enough choices and diversity. At least 6 taps.  Local brews.  Anniversary ale pairs well with the the $1.75 miss Vickie's sea salt and vinegar chips. They card everyone. I don't know though since things may change next season when vail management takes over.  Lots of high carb foods. Great place to stretch out the sore legs after shredding the bumps.  Notably gluten free pizza, gluten free bread on the sandwiches if requested.  Pizza, grilled food, soups/chili and two salad choices-- a little bit limited compared to deer valley. Salads but not enough vegetables here.  The Mexican chicken salad is clean, colorful, and fresh! They keep it simply here at top of the mountain. Huge crust on the pizza. Big serving sizes for the fries.  Lots of condiments.  Fry sauce-- which is apparently obligatory in Utah found here. Fireplace inside and heaters outside are nice. The carrot cake slices are half the size of deer valley and boring looking.  Young cashiers surf Facebook on their phones between customers. Lots of seating but can get super busy at lunchtime and on weekends during peak season.  Bathrooms inside.  Baskets in stalls to hold your gear while you drop your kids off at the pool.  Can't find any Kleenex ( but just grab a napkin from the condiment stand)  or hammocks. Zero world problems. Hope Vail adds these amenities.  Enjoy the scenic panorama view if you sit outside-- pretty much every peak of deer valley is in view.  It's great-- on par with canyons,  but no deer valley.  Carb up and go!!!!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,7/1/2014,80,97,4,7,5>I'm always a bit nervous about trying new ethnic places because I only speak English and at some places where English doesn't seem to be spoken much I simply don't feel welcome so even if the food is good, I usually won't be back. This place isn't like that. Our server was gracious and she didn't seem put out that I didn't speak Spanish. I noticed she treated everyone with a friendly demeanor and she was really helpful. That definitely adds a star in my book. Now on to the food. It was very, very good. I had a seafood enchilada. It had tender sweet bay scallops, crab, and shrimp. I really enjoyed it, but it seemed a bit on the sweet side. I had the green sauce on it and that might of added to the sweetness. My partner had a crab and shrimp enchilada with red sauce. His was also very good. The complimentary chips and salsa were great. The sauce had a nice kick. The most memorable thing (besides service) was my mango juice. I expected a small glass, but I was surprised by this massive goblet of mango juice. This thing was huge! Four people could've had very healthy servings from that goblet. I had it all to myself and somehow I finished it because it was delicious. Incidentally, I noticed the same goblet is what they serve ceviche in so if you like ceviche you'll definitely get your money's worth. The people at the table next to ours were definitely happy with their ceviche. We were very satisfied and I'm pretty sure we'll be back soon.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,6/30/2014,87,130,3,8,5>Went to Smith's Ballpark for the first time today...a Memorial Day matinee game starting at 1:05 PM. I have to give this place five stars. Let me explain why.1) Nice recovery. I had trouble buying tickets online because of some confusion between the account I was attempting to open and my ticket-purchasing account for Real Salt Lake. I guess the kudos should go to the SL Bees organization for this...but the young man who helped me get my ticket over the phone was a superstar... what a joy to have somebody helpful and knowledgeable help you get your ticket with little hassle. I may forego using the Bee's website from now on and just pick up the phone. My ticket was sitting in an envelope at Will Call as promised... no problems.2) Nice ballpark. i've enjoyed AAA baseball over the years in and around Southern California. The ballparks (I hesitate to use the word "stadiums" for these places... the feeling is much more intimate, much more comfortable at these minor-league parks). in Ontario, Lancaster...both great places to watch a game. Smith's Ballpark has them beat hands-down. Truly not a bad seat in the house.3) Nice facilities. The bathrooms I went into were clean and not smelly like so many places where lots of people (i.e., men) gather and drink a lot of beer. It seems to be the attitude in Salt Lake City... this is our city, our team, our ballpark... let's keep it nice!4) Nice souvenir shop: Fanzz. If you want a Bee's cap or shirt or pen or toy... this is the place, Great staff and service... they even helped me look for a cap for my gigantic melon head. And found one!5) Nice food stands. O.K. prices have gone through the roof and you can go through $50.00 pretty quickly nowadays.. but the food is good, the beer is cold...and the people seem to have a good attitude. That's all you can ask for at a baseball game.and 6) Nice baseball. No... it's not The Show... but these guys are out there putting on the best "show" in town... the occasional major-leaguer on rehab assignment might be playing...alongside "kids" trying to make a name for themselves  - OK - the Bees lost 10-6 today... but there were a lot of hits and lots of action. I had a great time.They have made a fan out of me. Well done, Smith's Ballpark and the SL Bees!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,6/29/2014,30,61,1,6,4>We have dined out at this place 5 different times, and 5 different times I have tried something new. To my surprise, the 5 different selections were all good. The Calabrese was a wonderful option when I needed to be vegetarian. All the veggies in there were fresh and the pizza was cooked to a crisp. The Patata Pie is an instant classic with the potatoes, bacon, and caramelized onions. Yummm. BBQ chicken and sweet styled pulled pork were both impeccable as the bbq taste of these pizzas overwhelm your senses; you really can't go wrong with either of these. And, lastly the vegetariano which was also good because who doesn't love veggies on their pizza. I thought the crust was amazing enough that I didn't throw it away and I ate it piece by piece. The restaurant is a bit on the small side and the refreshments can be easy to miss. The wait time is not long at all as our pizzas were ready in 5 minutes or less. Their menu has an offering for everyone with special emphasis on vegetarians. Have been coming here for a while and it won't stop anytime soon.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,5/16/2012,63,97,4,6,3>If you are in South Salt Lake do yourself a favor and stop by Town & Country market. It's a quaint little mom-and-pop shop that has many items for lunch and snacking. They have a sandwich counter in the back that makes some of the tastiest sandwiches I have found. I am particularly fond of their smoked turkey and avocado sandwich. They have many sandwiches to choose from that you may top with whatever toppings you like. Some cost a little more than the ones that comes free on your sandwich, but everything is listed on the menus at the counter. A multitude of cheeses will keep you smiling. They mix their mayo and mustard together, so if you are like me and are not a fan of mustard ask for mayo only. At the sandwich counter they also have homemade soups. They differ every day, and sometimes they go fast. Generally you have five to choose from every day. Once they are gone, you are out of luck. In addition to the sandwich counter they typically have fresh fruit and many snacks to choose from. They have a fountain for beverages, a few different coolers with beverages, and they even have an ice cream machine. In the mood for chips? Forget about it! An entire wall devoted to snack size and large bags of chips. Cookies, gum, treats, yogurt, eggs, pickles, macaroni salad, and jerky are just a few of the eclectic treats you will find at this place. The staff at the counter are pretty funny! They keep comics hung on the wall for you to read while you wait for the sandwiches. They're fast, usually polite, and friendly. If you have a large sandwich order for the office I recommend calling ahead they will have all of the sandwiches made when you arive. They even put them in a box for easy carrying. The two men who run the front register own the shop and I believe our brothers. They are always friendly even when I run into them at Sam's Club when they're stocking up for the day.The shop generally has a daily or weekly special that they run. It maybe tamales, meatball sandwich, smoked turkey, or a special soup. They are generally yummy and worth a try. The lunch hours are busy so expect a small wait typically. The wait is generally not too long and if you are up for a good sandwich it is worth it.Can we talk about the bread for the sandwiches for a minute? Of course we can... This is my review. I love this bread. It is thickly sliced, soft in the middle. Yet firm enough to hold a well adorned sandwich. It is purchased locally, not made in the shop. But if you ask they'll tell you where they get it. I'm a big fan of their wheats, seven grain, although also cheat every once in a while and get the softest, tastiest white bread around.This place is great! It's charming, it's quaint, it's good. Do yourself a favor and stop by grab yourself a sandwich.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,5/15/2012,29,39,,6,2>I'm a huge fan of Cafe Med!  There are so many dishes on their menu that I call favorites.  And I've added to that list many times when venturing to try something new.  Stewed eggplant, Mediterranean lasagna, Turkish yogurt pasta, veggie Zerashk Polow, portobello mushroom sandwich, along with the spinach lentil soup and the Greek salads, of course.  I enjoy it all and love to take home leftovers.  I wash it down with the Lev Black Lion, a tasty Czech beer.  If you have an adventurous pallet, try the Akbar Mashti for dessert.  Mmmm...saffron ice cream and pistachios.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/14/2012,99,162,11,4,2>Aura stole my boyfriend.Well, kind of.  Aura-enthusiast that I've become, I elected to send my "muscular" (or, as I like to call him, "chubbly") boyfriend there for a massage (and a facial... shhh... don't tell any of his friends).  He was not a believer.  In fact, he insisted that no masseuse would be able to work out the intense knots in his back.  You know, the ones darkening his otherwise bright soul.His masseuse, Brandi, transformed him from a grouchy, road rage-y New Yorker to milksop.  She dematerialized all of the huge knots in his back, and I came home to a big ball of man cuddle.  It was bizarre. Sure, he's always sweet, but not kitten sweet.Although I've already established that Michelle is a spa sorceress, my bf's skin was incredibly soft and shiny.  She has worked magic on me so many times that the results my boyfriend had were predictably awesome.  He looked fantastic and bright.So, how did Aura steal my man away?  Well, he was too relaxed to accompany me to dinner at Purple Sage. Sure, that's not Dolly Parton-style man stealing, but it's still lamentable.Aura, you earned a ferocious enemy today.  Rawr.  ;)  And, I'll show my "anger" at my appointment next week.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,5/13/2012,133,115,,7,4>Ocean Mart has become my go-to grocery store for all things Asian. The place really does smell like the armpit of the Pacific Ocean, but it's never deterred me from making the trip to the south side of the valley to stock up on Asian products and ingredients. It's a true one-stop place to get anything you need for most Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Indian goods. Some of the recommendations I make when shopping at Ocean Mart are:Gai Lan - China's version of broccoli. It has a broccoli like stock but then sprouts into a vegetable that closely resembles spinach. Usually cooked in oyster sauce, here's the recipe I use. steamykitchen.com/82-chiJapanese curry - Taste nothing like Indian or Thai curry. More like a beef or chicken stew served over sticky rice. It's very easy to make but I've noticed it usually takes people a few tries before they acquire a taste for it. But once you do, there is no better comfort food on the planet. I recommend Vermont brand #3 (hot).Sriracha Sauce - Everybody knows what this stuff is by now. The reason for stocking up on it here is that they sell it for about half the price as they do in grocery stores. Kim Chi- The tastiest way possible to get a good dose of probiotics. Instant Pho - A much healthier alternative to instant ramen.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,5/12/2012,146,292,7,5,4>I don't just order Moochie's, I HOARDER Moochie's.I will not leave without at least 12" of Atomic meatball and 12" of loaded Philly. That, gentle readers, is a "charge-my-jazzy, I-wash-myself-with-a-rag-on-a-stick, we're-gonna-need-a-bigger-crane-for-the-body" amount of food.No, I do not eat it all immediately, but I can't bear not having it in the case the zombie apocalypse befalls us. Trust me, they'll go for the Moochie's first. Morning, noon, and night, my mountain o' mooch gives me the strength to go on sitting and staring.I really should order something else, but then I'd just have to add it to my gastropod's bucket list.Oh, and I'll need at least five jalapeño sauces, please. Thank you and feel free to inject them directly into my left ventricle.So why only four stars? Is it just that I ran out of energy trying to move the mouse? No, it is simply a matter of beer, and there is no beer at Moochie's. Oh wait, here's one in my fridge next to the last 3" of Atomic! Mmmm, breakfast.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,5/11/2012,64,258,,5,3>I went by last Sunday but they weren't open. I guess closed Sundays and Mondays so I waited all week after reading the reviews. I had to laugh when I walked in, Adam mentioned it was decorated with Ikea stuff but was surprised it was a miniature Ikea show room (not that anythings wrong with that)The owners were attentive and friendly, the food and deserts were good  we tried a couple pasta dishes and passed them around. I don't know what the desert was called but it was a vanilla custard with raspberries and it was the best. The Tiramisu was also good.My complaint was my Wife's Margherita pizza was a real disappointment! No tomato, no basil and some less than special mozzarella. They brought hers out after we were all done eating. The waiter said they had the oven turned down too low. My understanding is you only cook them for 60-90 seconds at high temps and the crust should be crispy, ours was still doughy and the cheese wasn't even melted. so ya it was turned down low alright, maybe even off.They were in the running for 5 stars but the pizza killed it!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,5/10/2012,22,73,3,5,1>Warm sand and the smell of coconut suntan oil is about all that is missing here!  If you haven't tried Moki's kalua pig, all I can say is "Why!?!"  You won't find better anywhere--and that includes my Hawaiian neighbor's house!  It's that good!Portions are big, so if you're a haole like me, you may want to stick to the keike plates.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,5/9/2012,16,84,2,5,4>I've been to a number of sushi restaurants in Utah, California, and even Japan. This place is not the best sushi place I've been to, but is easily the best place to find sushi in Utah. The sushi rolls here are uniquely named and cleverly made. Strawberry Fields is a spicy roll that is hard to resist. At first thought one might think strawberries shouldn't go with sushi, but this roll is good. The strawberries, spices, eel sauce, and escolar is an orgasm of flavors in the mouth, a mix of senses.  Other than this my favorite rolls include: the Magic Dragon, Yellow Submarine, Rainbow, and Sunshine.  A lot of sushi restaurants have really good rolls because they know how to cover the blandness of the fish and the only way to really tell how fresh the fish is is to actually try the nigiri or the sashimi. Fortunately the nigiri and sashimi here are very good. It is easy to tell that the fish is fresh, well as fresh as you can get in Utah anyway. It is always good to try out their seasonal fish, which isn't on the menu, but is shown on the board. The only downsides would be the waiting time, which is border line ridiculous, but is definitely worth it; and the noise level. i was considering giving this place 4 stars as a result, but I love this place too much. Definitely book in advance.If you sit at the bar ALWAYS ask the chef for recommendations.  :DEasily the Best sushi in Utah.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,5/8/2012,12,126,18,4,6>She tore off my shirt, and threw it across the room. "You won't be needing this," she purred."Oh, but it's cold in here."She scoffed as she reclined onto my desk. Her wrapper slipped, and I could see a tantalizing hint of flesh. "Quit complaining and put your mouth on me."For a moment I wanted to continue complaining, but there was something in the air that just had me in the mood. I slid a finger along the edge of the wrapper. A hint of cheese oozed out. I couldn't wait any longer.She mayn't have been a lot to look at, but she sure had it where it counts. Her beef patties tasted like smokey char, the cheese was thick and good. And the bacon ... oh  the bacon.I didn't hold back. Why should I? the drive through is prompt, and if I finish this up and want another, it's cheap and easy.Finished with the burger I leaned back and nibbled thick steak fries. It would be gluttony to go get another burger, but not to go get one for my friend ... maybe he'll let me watch.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,5/7/2012,73,133,6,10,9>I've been graced with the good fortune of going to Forage twice now, and I have put off a review for the simple fact of feeling the pressure of not knowing the words to describe how amazing it is. I know I will probably come back and re-edit this review a dozen times, trying to get it just right. So prepare for a long one folks, this place deserves it. It's near impossible to write every little detail and sensation that comes with eating here.The first time my husband and I went was just as epic as the second time, but I will break down our latest visit since it's more fresh on my mind. Just a run down of how it works and pricing: it's a fixed menu, at $74 a person. I really wanted to do wine pairing, but it seemed a little too pricey considering how much money we were shelling out.The inside is warm, inviting and in the evening dimly lit with tea candles on your table. The servers are well choreographed, and precise, and from time to time one of the chefs will come table side to tell you about your dish and serve it to you.Every single dish is perfect presentation wise, you can see each individual plate has been lovingly placed by hand in the most simple and gorgeous way possible. It's a 3 hour experience like watching someone paint a masterpiece in front of you, but all of your senses are stimulated and engaged. It turns things you normally don't like to eat into your new favorite thing of all time to eat.The first three courses were as follows:Roasted cabbage- it was a square fritter type delight. it had a liquid center, and it packed a punch of flavor as it burst in your mouth. The outside a nice crisp texture that balances the liquid inside oh so well.Whipped egg with maple syrup and sherry cream- seems like a staple as I see it on a lot of reviews and it was the second time we tasted this delicate, amazing "dish". The egg is perfectly textured, smooth, creamy, a little sweetness and a hint bitter from the chive that decorate the top. There was also a little something crunchy in the bottom of the egg that was just another textural touch that I loved.Duck Ham- I always get a little squeamish when I see duck on a menu, it just doesn't agree with me, but when I see anything with pork, it immediately nixes the fear of duck. It was interesting, and we actually compared the taste to a "little smokey"  which is kind of an odd thing to say it was like, but we couldn't place the similar taste in anything else really. The outside was a crunchy and the inside was smooth and salty, you could taste the ham, and neither flavor was too prominent. Main courses:Celery root and hazelnut- This dish was laced with shallot layers with halves of hazelnuts nested in a lovely sauce with crunchy celery roots on top, again another texturally lovely dish.Roasted cereals and legumes| roasted cauliflower| hackleback caviar- my husband struggled to get into this dish since the gelée was savory and he can't really describe why he was so disconnected from this dish. I loved loved loved the cauliflower and caviar combination. the legumes and cereals were crunchy and the gelée to me, offered a unique texture when I ate both at once.Roasted scallops | squid ink chips| brown butter- One of our favorites of the meal by far. The scallop was perfectly cooked, sitting in a brown butter sauce, the squid ink chips crunchy and a little salty. There was a slice of Brussels sprout that served as a boat for some kind of foam. So amazingly good.Cured Utah trout | River Algae| Wild watercress | trout cracklin- The trout was seasoned so well, the textures came into play as with everything else. The trout skin cracklin was like a pork rind almost, and the watercress was a slightly bitter addition that played off the fish really well.King Valley Elk with dark berries | wood roasted onions- The debatable best dish of the night, the elk was so tender, perfectly cooked. Strewn on the plate were blackberry drupelets, baby beets, a slice of onion, and cherries. So amazing the way the fruit, onion and elk all played together. Things I wouldn't normally pair together were so amazing on one plate.Desert courses:Preserved currant and milk- it was more of an ice cream with mildly tart fruit at the bottom, so creamy and delicious.Malt and coffee | dried roots | pumpkin and pear- another ice cream-ish dish with pumpkin and root chips on top, it was again, another texturally amazing dish, with crunchy, on top of chewy, on top of creamy.  All beautifully colored and laid down perfectly in a bowl.At the end we were also given carmels with pumpkin seeds and a kind of raspberry chocolate cookie. As well as some house made granola to take home.Again, I cannot say enough about this place, I have a love affair with food that I feel in my heart and this place makes me remember what I love so much about food that I sometimes lose in the daily grind of eating. Transforming regular food into something beyond magnificent.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,1/5/2012,245,216,4,7,3>Oh fat kid pizza. Just the name alone really hits home because well, I'm a fat kid at heart. Give me pizza any day. I was excited to hear that Maxwell's was opening up downtown because I've been to the one up in Park City and it was quite scrumptious. Though not enough to make the drive just for the pizza. A friend and I stopped at the downtown location just before heading to see B.B. King. We mentioned to the waiter that we were in a bit of a hurry and he took note. The food came out quickly and he was attentive but not overly attentive which I kind of hate.We ordered a 20" pizza (their only size) and got half "Fat Kid" (pepperoni, spinach, ricotta) and half "Eddie Would Go" (Italian sausage, pineapple, ricotta). YUM! Big melty chunks of ricotta cheese everywhere! When the pizza first came out, we were overwhelmed by the size but at second glance, we realized how thin the pizza was and dove in. I hope you're not a prissy eater because this place doesn't give you plates for your pizza. You get a piece of waxed paper. Don't worry, you do get a cloth napkin and utensils and I'm sure they'd give you a plate if you asked nicely. But you can't eat NY pizza with a fork! It's all about folding it in half, which you definitely need to do with Maxwell's pizza.Maxwell's is currently 21 and older but I think they are trying to make it into a bar/restaurant soon. But let's be honest, I don't mind not having screaming children running around.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,1/4/2012,48,57,14,8,6>If you eat only one sandwich this year, you will probably receive insufficient nourishment and die. A better idea would be to eat 2-3 meals per day, with some of them being sandwich-oriented. Occasionally the sandwichey centerpiece should be from the Robin's Nest, because you will be hard-pressed to find a superior sandwich in Salt Lake City (that is, if you spend time with the sort of people who go around pressing hard for arbitrary goals). I don't want to say that the folks running The Robin's Nest are "gods among men," but it would not be an overstatement to say that they are "really good sandwich-makers among men." My Rooster Call was so flavorful that I began masticating in the middle of the dining area. The employees nodded appreciatively. My girlfriend ordered The Natural, and spoke highly of its flavors. The chicken noodle soup was also fantastic, containing a much higher chicken-to-other-stuff ratio than I am accustomed to when restauranting. The orzo salad is a refreshingly unusual side dish, and the dessert bites are a nice way to end on a sweet note while foregoing the gut ache and guilt that often accompany desserts.I will be eating here again. Probably too frequently. Yes, that sentence was 100% adverbs. This sentence no verb.IMPORTANT NOTE: The Robin's Nest is NOT affiliated with the popular 1980s television series "Magnum P.I." Don't make the same mistake I did.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,1/3/2012,14,73,3,3,2>Pretty dang good. Service started off slow. Waited for about 5 minutes just sitting there wondering if we were going to get service but once we did the service was good. We had sweet potato fries, farm raised shrimp with cajun seasoning and lemon butter snow crab. The fries were good but the portion was small for $5. The shrimp and crab were excellent with great flavor. In the end I had a huge pile of shrimp heads to stare at. I wasn't brave enough to suck the heads and eat the little shrimp brains but maybe next time when I am feeling more zombie like. I'll definately go back but I would suggest going with a group so you can order a bunch of stuff and share it.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,1/2/2012,80,97,1,8,5>OMG I think I had one of the best meals I've ever eaten. Granted, I still have a lot of living and eating still to do (I hope), but up to this point this is going to rank right at the top.We were greeted by a lovely gal and shown to a table right by the window. It was great looking out at the pouring rain and watching people run, bike, and skate. Our server, Tiffany, was simply awesome. She asked a bunch of questions and explained the menu helping us decide what we'd like best. Oh, and boy did we like it. We liked it a lot.Let's start with the heavy, crusty chunks of freshly made sourdough bread. The Zy chef made the starter. It has started developing the lovely sourdough flavor. That will only get better with time as the starter ages. As it is the bread was awesome.There were a lot of wines to choose from. Since I still had other things to do I opted for the single glass of wine, a lovely golden gewurtztraminer. My bf had a delicious pinot noir.  I wish I could've tried more of the wines because a lot of them sounded great.I had to have the scallops for my appetizer. My bf had the chorizo meatballs. OMG those scallops...every scallop under the sea fantasizes about coming to the surface and then becoming the most perfectly seared scallop perched atop a bed of vibrant green pesto and surrounded by a sweet cherry sauce. Each delicate bite was perfection. I don't think I've ever experienced such perfect scallops-- and to think that they were cooked hundreds of miles from the nearest coast! If there was a weak point in our meal it would've been the chorizo meatballs. They were delicious, but the flavors didn't have the kick I would've expected from chorizo. That's not a bad thing since my bf's acid reflux could've been really awful if this was the run of the mill chorizo. It wasn't run of the mill and it was great, just not as awesome as everything else we had.After reading the reviews here I had to have the pork and my bf had the hanger steak. Oh how succulent! The hanger steak was a perfect medium and the potato gratin served with the steak was so unique; the potatoes were sliced so thinly and stacked with the other ingredients in such a way that it almost looked like some sort of puff pastry dish. This gave it a crispy and creamy texture that I've never experienced in a potato dish.  My pork was perfection. I'm not overly fond of most pork products--- well except bacon-- but this was amazing. The pork with a sugar (perhaps turbinado?) crust and surrounded by roasted crimini mushrooms and roasted shallot was so good. It was fork tender and just so fantastically awesome.  No, I can't describe those dishes well enough to do them justice. You'll just have to go and try them yourselves.Lastly, dessert. Yes, we saved room for dessert. The great thing about Zy being brand new and having a passionate chef is that there's a lot of experimentation going on in the kitchen. Take my dessert. It was brand new today: a dark chocolate brownie with a cabernet caramel and creme fraiche and roasted nuts. Just wow. It was so awesome that I told Tiffany to tell the chef that it was a keeper. Yes, I could go there and just eat the scallops and brownie (but I'd be sad if I didn't get the pork).  I didn't try the blueberry cobbler my bf ordered, but he was raving about how awesome it was. The servings were extremely generous; I suspect there's enough pork left over for at least two more meals. The service was fantastic and the atmosphere wasn't the least pretentious. We will definitely be back again, although not soon enough simply because it is a bit on the pricey side, however, it was worth every single penny...and I'm a cheapskate so saying a meal that came to $80 for two (Dine o' Round special) was worth it is saying a lot.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,1/1/2012,76,161,2,6,4>I am happy to say that I officially love Indian food. I have only had Indian once before and it was a "meh" experience. The atmosphere and service was great but the food is what made this place shine. I ordered the Chicken Manchurian and the Mrs. got the mango chicken curry. I got mine on the spicy side with a side of naan bread. These dishes happened to be some of the most craveable foods I have had in a long time. Their prices are pretty expensive, but that is expected when using such exotic spices. I will go again, the question is on when...
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,12/31/2011,186,563,2,5,4>They made me a vegetarian Juicy Lucy and still honored the advertised special, y'all. I will forever love Bourbon House for this simple act alone. It is SO hard to find bars that have a decent meatless offering, but for Bourbon House to not only offer veggie burger patties on any of their sandwiches, AND be willing to slap two veggie burger patties together stuffed with blue cheese is beyond amazing. The bun that housed my delectable meatless treat was super soft and fresh and it reminded me a lot of the buns Copper Onion uses for their burgers,. The fries were also quite crispy and the fry sauce was yummy, but I had major tator tot envy after seeing pal Hang W. get some with his order. Our server was so on top of things and awesome without a shred of the typical bitchy-chick bar server attitude you find a lot of places. We parked in the Walker Center parking garage when we ate here and were told that they sometimes validate, but when we came they were out of validations. It wasn't that expensive to park there, and a helluva lot easier to find the place from the garage, too. Just take the stairs and keep going down 'til you can't go down any more. A million times, yes, I will be back.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,12/30/2011,160,294,13,11,10>Prior to my introduction to Bombdiggity's, I was not terribly familiar with Beefalo. In fact, if I'm being honest I thought it was a fairy tale creature, akin to the jackalope and liger. Turns out, it's a surprisingly healthy and delicious cross between a cow and a bison (buffalo). And, yes, they really do exist, and are raised on the owner's farm in Duchesne. Bojangles the Beefalo has his photo on the wall. (In a bit of a horrific twist, on the opposite Wall of Fame reside the photos of those patrons who have eaten award-winning quantities of Bojangles' friends, in up to 4 pound portions. Yikes.)Other reviewers have already covered the details of beefalo's nutrition facts, which are also prominently hanging on the wall. See for yourself. It's impressive...and as aforementioned, very very tasty.The burgers come in The Itty Bitty (slider-size), The Bomb (1/4 pound), The Bombdiggity (1/2 pound), and The Bodacious Bomb (full pound). We ordered up two aptly sized Bombs. I was expecting to be able to detect a taste difference in the meat from regular beef burgers. And I was right. The meat is actually more flavorful than burgers i've had pretty much anywhere else. Very delicious. Good, fresh toppings - no flimsy pinkish tomatoes or milky white lettuce here. Two thumbs up and an around-the-world-and-back snap from us both!On the side, we tried the incredibly good fries and fry sauce, and something they call Onion Strings. We quickly learned that these are much easier to dip in the heavenly fry sauce than Onion Rings, which are notorious for requiring you to fold them in half. Unreasonable. Try these, you'll love them.Now, others have also mentioned the custard, but I guess I forgot how delish frozen custard is. Theirs is so creamy and fresh, with options for cones, cups, or shakes with the standard fruit/nut/candy mix-ins, you name it. They serve vanilla and chocolate based custard, and typically one daily special flavor - ours was lemon. Mmmm, tempting. But I'm female, and therefore required by femandate to go with the chocolate...adding in fresh bananas and strawberries. I can't type the sounds I made, but let me just say they garnered some looks of shock, followed by understanding. Hubby slurped down his vanilla shake with chocolate syrup and Heath Bar. His mile-wide smile said it all.Confession time: driving past this place when it first opened, I thought to myself, "Oh sure, that's what we need, another burger joint. I'll not be trying that anytime soon." I formally apologize to myself. I've already been back, and taken friends.DISCLAIMER: Being of sound mind and ... well, sound mind, I freely admit to holding back a full star because of the country music played exclusively in this place. Listen, I get that it's Riverton. But please, change it up just a little for those of us who can't abide the incessant twang of Kenny Paisley Underwood and The Dang Somebody's with our burger and fries. Please.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,12/29/2011,1710,637,5,9,5>just took the beginning salsa class. one word. FUN.now i'm taking private classes with my GF, and it's given me the chance to ask a whole boatload of questions about technique and generally not looking like a total dweeb. highly recommend this place, because they offer a whole bunch of practice sessions on friday nights that gives you a great opportunity to practice what you've learned, and just see other great dancers. kind of intimidating, but it's inspired me to step up my game, if you catch my drift.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,12/28/2011,139,132,1,8,5>The base of every great donut is the dough. I am not a fan of icing, at all. These donuts are glazed with just a veil of sweetness that compliments the tender wonder of these goodies. My favorite is the blueberry glazed followed by the plain buttermilk. Other donut places in the city are just way too undercooked for me (banbury). These are fried to perfection people, per-fec-tion! They are super consistent too-its the same donut, cooked the same way, glazed the same way each time! None of this hit and miss business.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,12/27/2011,6,24,5,4,6>I've been meaning to rescind a bit of my snark here, particularly before anyone at Pago sees the earlier review and puts my picture on the wall.  I'm sticking to my initial observations, but that includes hopefulness for improvement, which I've certainly seen transpire in months since. One bowl of melon soup need not a reputation ruin, and I am now happily ordering up a plate of my own words with Sunday brunch weekly.It's been easy giving this place fresh chances, since it's just a couple blocks down the street.  (Pago's best attribute, really, is its neighborhood fine dining feel.)  The best among them by far though was something out of the ordinary: a recent Wednesday evening meal shared with new friends and colleagues involved in the local agriculture movement.  Perhaps having a few Salt Lake culinary celebs in tow upped the ante on our order.  But regardless, nearly everything I tried was fresh, well-prepared, and inventive.Our table of ten shared the tuna crudo, cinnamon beets, and a plate of cheese to start, along with something exquisite that involved kale and flaky pastry.  I could've eaten four of those alone.  Someone with psychic mental powers ordered nothing but white wine--a secret preference I almost never share.  The viognier was particularly apropos to spring vegetables and raw cheese with honey.My main dish scallops were seared with precision--nutty brown outside, creamy and tender in--and placed atop a brilliant foil of roasted tomato and eggplant so intensely flavorful, I took my time on every sweet and chewy bite.  I tried a friend's moules frites as well, but was glad I'd picked something more out of the ordinary.Our host did the best thing possible at dessert: he ordered one of each before menus could be procured.  Profiteroles with hazlenut ice cream, a warm apple tart, berry crumble with something pistachio this or that...I had a bite of every one with good espresso as we talked through another hour of pickling processes, farmer's market recommendations, and the upcoming Tour de Coops.  I felt perfectly in the middle of a happy horticultural scene.Thank goodness Pago is a work in progress, because someone really does need to be providing this kind of Salt Lake spin on culinary creativity with the diversity of great food available locally.  That they can do it under the spotlight of trendy 9th and 9th hipsterism and still maintain any semblance of balance is worthy of a couple extra stars on its own.But I'm updating my review of Pago primarily because the food there is well worth eating.  I have ordered my own Spanish hash, incidentally--many times since. It's as great as I'd suspected.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,4/26/2012,1481,94,15,16,18>Local legend has it that the location is cursed.  It is more likely that the public would not support bad bar-b-ques or money laundromats.  Prime location with an oceanic mall-style parking lot.  A non-main street flavored relaxed vibe that is uber-casual The  atmosphere is so chill that you feel like you are in a jacuzzi.  Perfect place to unwind and carbo-load after a day on the mountain.  Yet this bistro is much more than that: as though some wizard made a single restaurant out of all the best parts of all the best restaurants in Park City.  Harry Potter and the Sammy's Bistro. The bar part is a classy full bar boasting a bevy of large flat screens above a varnished solid wood bar with ultra-comfortable, cushioned, back-supporting bar chairs.  Against the far wall, a coca-cola logo'd soda dispensing machine glowed red to jarring effect.  Strikingly out of place considering museum quality natural scenery gold-framed oil paintings  lining the entranceway.  That said, it was kind of charming with the  "never mind we are that casual"  attitude.  A branded restaurant t-shirt was for sale, pinned up behind the bar with a graphic of a silhouette of a skiing waiter holding a tray food while pulling a daffy.  Subliminally or coincidentally this is virtually the 80s punk band "Dead Kennedys" logo.        No over-charring. No creative distractions.  No wishful thinking. Hands down among the best burgers in Park City.  The toasted fresh flour unseeded top bun, grilled in-house beef, topped with melted cheese, bacon, crisp lettuce, ripe tomato, purple onion.  So good I literally ordered a second burger just to be certain.  I admittedly ganked a dab of fry sauce from a side of garlic fries to spread on the top bun.  Rooster sauce on demand.  I also thoroughly enjoyed a basic no-nonsense dinner salad and creamy tomato basil soup that were both of the quality of an typical four-star restaurant.  The dressing had an unexpected passionfruit twist that left the usual raspberry version in the dust.  The house martini transported me to crossing the English Channel on a dinghy (with two olives for my wilson) during a cloudless night in the dead of winter at midnight:  briny, heartening, and icy fresh. The namesake owner was on hand with pleasant bar banter and answered queries about his marvelous food.  Sammy is apparently quite serious about the quality of his offerings and is completely hands on with every aspect of his business from tightening nuts on the bar chairs  earlier today to supervising the kitchen to ensure the proper proportions of wine to garlic in the exquisite scampi sauce to rigorous quality control on the ingredients for every dish and drink...etc.  This is first time in a long time in Park City restaurant that each single bite and each single sip was absolute foodie heaven.  I thought it was a fluke so sampled a few bites of my dining partner's kibble and had the same result.  I then ordered a second burger.  Same result: every bite was glorious!   Another indication of the quality of food was that I noticed there was  near constant flow of  people coming through for delivery and pick-up orders at the end of the bar.  I think i heard pink floyd on the overhead sound system as I was leaving.  It felt strangely appropriate considering my perfect dining experience.  Shine on you crazy diamond.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,4/25/2012,103,85,,7,4>As others have said, the ambiance at Finn's is one of my favorites in town.  Such a cute place, sunny and bright, and couldn't be better for those days when you "call in sick" and want to grab a late breakfast.  Very clean, wait staff dressed in all white to prove it, and a traditional Scandinavian menu of simple, delicious breakfast choices.  I'm not sure who the porkers are reviewing Finn's, but portion sizes are way too small for these people?!  I can put back some serious food, especially breakfast, but come on.  I have never left this place feeling deprived.  If you want gargantuan amounts of low quality food, Denny's is more your style.  Finn's is always extremely fresh and tasty and they actually care about presenting it to you in an appetizing manner.  They also have a great selection of vegetarian options. Maybe it's just me, but if you read my other reviews I always seem to disagree with people on places being overpriced.  Finn's is no exception.  You're still going to spend $10 at a chain breakfast joint, so I would rather spend that here.  And you should, too.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,4/24/2012,16,105,,4,1>been to alot of irish pubs in the UK and for me, this is as close as it gets to the real deal.   The building is old, long and narrow like you're in Ireland.   Everything is right.   I got the bangers and mash, because I can never resist them.   fresh, lots of taste, and delicious.     My wife had the whiskey Chicken and it was so rich and creamy she couldn't finish it all, but it had all the taste.  They pour a proper pint of Guinness.   Nice and slow, and in the right way.   If you're going irish thats important.   Most Utah bars don't know how to do it.   They do.  Huge Plus.  Wasn't that impressed with my server though.   Maybe she needs another chance.   Everyone has off days, but she was slow for very simple things.   Like, 20 minutes slow.   I know what a proper pint takes.  All in all, the best I've seen in Utah as far as food, spirits and atmosphere.   It wasn't cheap, but the food was excellent.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,4/23/2012,20,176,,2,3>I've been to this restaurant 4 times since I moved to Salt Lake City 3 months ago.  The food and service has been consistently excellent and this is my go-to restaurant to take out-of-town visitors. Most recently, my husband and I tried the special "steak for two" while sitting at the bar, watching chefs cook. It was an entertaining and delicious meal! The wine selection is also very good and my husband enjoys their mixed drinks. Keep up the good work, Copper Onion!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,4/22/2012,247,226,7,6,6>Can you be in love with a food? i mean really in love like head over heels, butterflies , thoughts of the future in love? If so i am damn sure i am quite smitten over slack water's pizza. Sure the wait was a bit more than a toddler could handle ( i should know i brought one with me) but it was oh so worth it for hand made magic! I ordered the 'i am spartan' and 'from the earth'  and as soon as they sat these mini pies of perfection i knew it was love forever. The 'i am spartan' was a mix of artichokes, sausage, sun dried tomatoes and Parmesan cheese. The flavors were so intense i am sure i oralgasmed loud enough to make the entire place uncomfortable. My daughter, who has a love of anything pizza related, quickly scarfed down 4 slices....4! The from the earth was a perfect balance to the savory goodness of the spartan with a smoky and sweet flavor and fresh spinach on top. I have to say their balsamic reduction was the best i have ever had, even better than mine and i rarely admit such defeats. Not only was their pizza divine but their beer selection was quite impressive boasting around 80 beers or more. Carrying everything from your run of the mill ales to some powerful thick dark beers that will surely put hairs on your chest. Yeah ... i am love with a pizza (several actually), and i am not ashamed.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,4/21/2012,10,36,,7,4>My quest one summer was to find the ideal taco stand in the State Street area.  Vanquishing endless burritos and tacos I came to rest at El Paisa.  Not the cheapest stand there ($1 a taco), but the rice, beans, and tortillas have been consistently delicious.  The meat is absolutely fantastic and whatever you order can be customized with plenty of free extras, some not to be found elsewhere (caramelized onions, roasted jalapenos).  This cart also serves little crispy cheesy creations called "vampiros" ($1.50) which I could eat till I burst.  I haven't tried their seafood and I never will.  Even for a crazy eater like myself I draw the line at seafood on the street anywhere but the coast.  When my Texan heart is craving Mexican food, REAL Mexican food, this is the best place in town and my first stop.  *** For those needing tips to jumping the social hurdles of ordering from a taco stand here's the guide: Bring cash.  Most stands do speak english and have items listed in english too.  Order only one or two items per person at first.  Come back and order more after your done.  You only pay after your done eating everything and don't want to order any more.  Rice and beans are optional and free(and tastier than found elsewhere), other add-ins like cheese or onions are free too.  If you order a burrito you will get it back unwrapped, add any extras you want inside and give it back to be wrapped up.  Enjoy!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,4/20/2012,42,127,4,2,1>This place is really solid. It has to be my favorite pizza place in SLC. However, I had the pork tenderloin last time, and it was also excellent. It would have been right at home at Pago or Zy, and we walked out with a $20 tab after a 15% Yelp discount. The ambience really makes this place though. Sitting by a window with a view of the library, watching Trax come and go, you're lulled into thinking SLC is a cosmopolitan place.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,4/19/2012,23,82,,1,2>Great food, great space, healthy portions, Spin  cafe is a winner.I had the Miss Piggy... it was really really good. My wife had the veggie sandwich - our kids had the grilled cheese and the chicken strips. All were served with a humongous portion of curly fries. The Spin Burger is really good as well and our fellow diners salads looked heaped full of fresh veggies. Had a great time - Service was awesome. I will definitely be back.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,4/18/2012,19,57,2,5,3>Just went in for lunch to sample the new menu under the new management. They did an amazing job in preserving a lot of the traditional dishes that have old schoolers coming back but upped the ante with some real winners. I had the lamb skewers (an appetizer) and they were unbelievable. The new owner gave us a complimentary sampling of their bleu cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. YUM!They' ve changed their fries (skins partly on) for the better and have added some new sandwiches and salads (try the Java chicken) that look divine. Good job, Lamb's!PS: I forgot to mention the place was packed. Not a single empty table.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,4/17/2012,15,42,,6,5>After reading review after review, I had to get my buddies and come try this place.  Now, I'm not a big fan of pizza.  Not that I don't like pizza I do, it just doesn't feel like a meal to me more like an appetizer.  What's great about SHCP is you can get a thin crust which they bring out pipping hot (just ask my cousins lip) and a stuffed deep dish pizza.  Since the thin crust cooks faster you eat that as your appetizer then chow down on the deep dish when it comes out after...best of both worlds!Now to rank what I had.  We went on the weekend so I got the family meal deal with the 2-topping thin crust, cheese bread and salad.  My buddies both ordered a large deep dish.  I laughed at them when they came and told me what they ordered (way do much, but we did get to try more variety) Cheese bread.  Nothing special.  3 starsSalad.  Had a sweet oily flavor.  Different but probably wouldn't order again. 2 stars.Sausage and garlic thin crust.  Loved the crispy chewy crust.  The spicy sausage was good, but the pizza needed more garlic.  3 stars, maybe 4.  I would order it again.The Jake and Elwood - Grilled chicken, fresh tomatoes, green peppers.The Chicago Transit Authority - Sausage, tomatoes, jalapenos. (this was supposed to be The Taylor Street - All meat....cousin ordered wrong)I really enjoyed the deep dish pizza.  More of a meal.  The crust was light and buttery, that's the best way I can describe it.  All the ingredients were very fresh which made the pizza all the better.  The Chicago Transit tasted like a big jalapeno popper.  All in all 4 stars for both pizzas.I believe the best time to go would be Tuesday for the BOGO.  Thin crust for the appetizer and the deep dish for the meal.  Now I need to go again to actually try the Taylor Street.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,4/5/2011,35,65,11,7,8>overall I really like this place. here is a summary.upside:- this specific location has a drive-thru.- so far as I am concerned, it's the best souvlaki that can be obtained from a drive-thru in Salt Lake.- this location is open on Sunday.- it's possibly the best souvlaki that can be obtained in Salt Lake on a Sunday provided you are not directly connected with people who are Greek.downside:- I don't much care for the tzatziki.- the words "fries" and "rice" sound entirely too much alike when spoken through a crappy speaker. if someone can provide some suggestions to make sure that I receive rice and that my overall ordering efficiency is increased, I would appreciate it.- I miss the girl at the drive-thru with the messed-up teeth. the one who recognized me even after I cut my hair. she was kind of cute (in spite of the messed-up teeth, not because of).general personal rules (Greek Souvlaki specific):- souvlaki in pita before gyros. - red sauce before tzatziki/white. - rice uber alles as it relates to sides.factors TBD:- there are significant portions of the menu I have yet to explore.- I've never actually gone inside.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,4/4/2011,118,169,4,4,6>Hot dogitty dog! So, I keep saying that I'm not really a hot dog person, but I keep eating these really amazing hot dogs...so...maybe I just grew up on boiled 59cent packs of dogs and never realized their true potential.I chose to experience the Chicago dog (which was right up my alley and perfect for the warmish but very windy day), and I shared bites with the husband of the K...something with a K...dog that had maple bacon on it.  I wasn't sure I'd like the bacon, but it was so sweet and mapley it was almost like candy instead of bacon. And perfectly cooked. Definitely a good sweet offset to the salty dog flavor. And then I had a couple bites of the Italian dog (which I think was a new item for the day). Hubby also had the Ute dog, but he didn't share any of that with me. Apparently it's really good. If I were to offer any constructive criticism it would be: better buns. I mean hot dog buns of course (eating hot dogs is not going to give anyone better BUNS) These did sort of seem like the wonder bread variety, which didn't distract from the tasty dog inside, but didn't add anything special either.The creativity and grilling were the main perks here. Interesting flavor combos with high quality, correctly cooked dogs and then of course, really great company.  It's fun to bring a gang and stand around chatting. Troy is very generous, friendly and great at what he does.  He's very earnest and sincere about pleasing the crowd, so everyone can be a hot dog fan.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,4/3/2011,36,134,3,5,3>In the words of George Takei: "Ohhhhhh MY!"I went to DP Cheesesteaks today for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised.  So many little sandwich joints exist downtown for the business-casual crowd, and I for one think most of them are awful.  To top it off, I've never been a big fan of cheesesteaks (much to the disappointment of my Philly father-in-law) but I think this joint has gotten me to see the light.  I pin this on the fact that DP's version is not dripping with grease...or had any visible grease at all for that matter.   My FIL explained that this is because DP makes the "just-outside-Philly" variety of cheesesteak. I can't personally vouch for the authenticity of the cheesesteaks, or the "just-outside-Philly" theory, but I can tell you that I thoroughly enjoyed mine.  The meat was tender, flavorful and not greasy.  The cheese was appropriately either American or Provolone (sorry, you won't get any other options!) and it was all served on a perfect bun for the job.  However, I would advise that you be prepared for a line- we got there early so we were spared, but at noon the line was 10 or so deep and getting longer.  The service is fast, however.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,4/2/2011,349,631,3,5,5>Way to start a morning with some fun time hanging out the Bros Who Brunch (and taking a vacation from stress at home).  We had an interesting group of males there and were good to see some old faces and new faces again.  I never really took much interest in this strip mall on foothill despite driving past it for many years back in college, and I guess something interesting do exist down here...The place is decorated like a pub with a wooden theme mixed with a mixture stone and wooden tables.  The service was exceptional, especially our server Kayla took very good care of us.There was complimentary Finn Skin for starter, it was fried potato slices topped with melted cheese and bacon, and it also came with a dipping sauce with green onion and sour cream, but I found that tasting too bitter, and ended up using ketchup.I do not have much experience with Irish food nor a fan of alcohol, so I went with the Egg Benedict for the main brunch entree.  I believe brunch last until 3pm.  The dish consists of two poached eggs over bacon and bread, also comes with a side of fried potato slices called cottage fries.  One egg was poached perfectly, and the other seems to be a bit overcooked with a solid yolk.  My table neighbor Chris ordered the same thing and ended up with similar eggs... we were guessing they messed up one set of poaching then decided to split the good and bad in two plates?  Others in the party ordered some burgers, while some ordered corned beef and hash.  Both looked nicely done, not sure how they tasted though.I did end up getting a cup of "perfect" Irish coffee, which overflowed with cream on top when it arrived.   The coffee had a well balance flavor between alcohol and coffee, but was a little strong for me as I got the Asian flash upon finishing it immediately.  Everything went well after chasing down with water and sat for another hour.The MacCool's Public House was definitely an interesting discovery and experience.  I will definitely keep it in mind when I think of brunch next time.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,4/1/2011,14,73,,10,1>Stumbled across this place Friday night on the way out to dinner. I've been complaining forever there are no good places to eat in West Jordan or the surrounding area. I was going to Wingers for a quick bite before a night of indoor soccer. I saw Taste of Indian behind Wingers and saw all the awards posted on a sign. I first thought indian food then soccer wasn't the best idea but decided to try it anyways, and I'm glad I did. The food was all excellent. We had chicken tika masala, lamb coconut korma, and chicken vindaloo with a few sides of garlic naan. Everything was great. Best naan I've ever had, and the food hit the spot. It even stayed down during an intense soccer game which was good. If your in the area and want some good indian food, try this place out. I can see why the Layton location has such good reviews. It is a good sign when a local place can support two locations and win all sorts of awards. Go try it out.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,3/31/2011,65,59,5,19,7>So, the background on me (if you haven't already read it) is that I'm half Italian, half Jewish professional chef who was raised in NYC with a little Miami thrown in for seasoning.  That being said, I am a HUGE fan of Mom & Pops. So, in suburban Utah, it's been tough to find places we love to eat. I find that chains abound, and the few Mom & Pops that do exist seem to be someone's (often inedible) vision of what they like to eat, rather than creating a niche experience that uses their own recipes which appeal on a broad-spectrum. Following me so far? Good.First, let me share with you why it got four stars instead of five - I reserve five stars for restaurants that blow me out of the water. Fratelli's is solid and excellent, and a wonderful comforting place. It's well worth going to. I just have extremely high standards for a five star review. Five stars means that this was dead-on perfect for my personal taste. I don't even always cook my version of five star cuisine. I've been here before. The first time, they had just opened, and the experience while not bad, was not great. It's a bit of a schlep from my home, so I didn't really make an effort to go back. After last night's dinner there, I'm sad that I've wasted money at other places when I could have been eating at Fratelli's. If the phrase "don't judge a book by its cover" resonates with you, then let me give you a culinary parallel: DO judge a restaurant by its menu. It's the first (and most important clue) about whether or not a restaurant is worth even trying. Fratelli's hits it right. Utah is a tricky market. The most popular Italian dish in Utah is Alfredo. I'm not an Alfredo fan. Don't look for it on Fratelli's menu - you won't find it. There are plenty of dishes that cater to the Utah palate, but there are also plenty that cater to transplants like me.I'm Italian. We eat red sauce and sauces made with wine. Picatta, Marsala - those are more my speed. Fratelli's menu is exactly what it should be. They offer Turkey Tetrazzini  for the die-hard it has to be creamy and mild Utahns. They offer classic meatballs made from scratch (trust me, no true Italian can serve pre-made meatballs and still hold their head high). I haven't had them, so I can't comment on them. They offer gnocchi, eggplant parm. Their specials include  hand-made pasta. Their menu reads like the restaurants I'm used to - classics, a few twists on the classics, but an overall variety that offers something for EVERY palate (not just the palates that want white bread and mayonnaise). They're not shy to season, but they create a nice balance of flavors.Then comes the second piece of the "Is the restaurant worth my time and money" question. Does it taste as good as it looks?Hallelujah, it does!What we had:Bruschetta - fresh, basily, garlicky, lovely. Plated with pesto oil and balsamic reduction. I would have preferred my bread grilled, but that might just be my taste. Dinner salad (came with entree) - why would I comment about a dinner salad? Because the dressings were fantastic! I love dressings that are well made. We had the balsamic-fennel vinaigrette (delicious) and the citrus vinaigrette. Lovely. I wanted to lick the plate. I assume these are house-made because they don't taste at all like they came off the back of a Sysco truck. Pasta Carbonara - fan-freakin-tastic. Huge and plentiful bites of pancetta, wonderful overall seasoning. They add peas, which I like because I make it with peas when I make it at home. If you like Carbonara, you'll like theirs.Chicken Picatta - I ordered mine sans capers as I'm not a caper fan. The seasoning on this dish threw me a little. The chicken was perfectly cooked, but not cooked francaise style as I would normally expect int this dish. It has a wonderful pan seared crunchiness. The y drawback for me is that it's seasoned with thyme. This is a chef's personal choice. It's not bad - fairly subtle, but I don't love the flavor of ground thyme, especially in a "lighter" dish. That said, it was still a well prepared dish.Panna Cotta - Excellent texture. This was actually the one dish that really stood out from my first visit to Fratelli's. I ordered my sauces on the side because I'm more of a purist, and it stands alone very well. Truth be told, all of their desserts look great, which is a rare plus for a restaurant these days. I'm fairly certain desserts are made from scratch, but don't quote me on that.So, when all is said and done, I will go back. Next time for Eggplant Parm and a side of meatballs. And some of "the cake" (as it's called on the menu) because it looks like it needs me to try it.On a side note, they do change their menu on a seasonal basis, but there are some core items. Personally, I like the change up. Keeps me on my toes and coming back for more. Lastly, portions are large. Fratelli's knows their audience - their entire audience. And I'm glad 'cause I don't want them to go away. Ever.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,3/30/2011,139,132,,9,6>Had never been to Eva until today and I am so glad I finally gave it a go. I've found my new favorite breakfast/brunch spot! They have something for everyone when it comes to morning fare and the decor is fantastic! It feels a bit like dining in a cool loft space. I had the waffle sandwich which is scrambled eggs and bacon served in the middle of a circular belgian waffle that has been folded over. DELICIOUS! I plan on trying this place for lunch and dinner very soon! The service today was great- water and coffee were brought swiftly and kept full. The acoustic guitar player was a nice touch. Before he arrived they were playing some great music as well.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,3/29/2011,89,54,,11,8>Thanks to the Salt Lake County Animal Services I found my new adorable puppy. I recently used animal services to adopt a new pet and the experience was 5 stars worthy. I visited the shelter a few times to locate my perfect pet. It broke my heart each time to see all the adorable animals locked up without homes. Once I found the perfect companion the adoption process was smooth. I first met my new dog to see if we were a good match. This was beneficial because the first dog I wanted to adopt was not a good match, but the second dog was perfect. The staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable. They do everything possible to ensure you and your pet will be happy together. When adopting a new dog they include a microchip, neutering or spading, shots, licensing, free dog food, a box of dog treats and a coupon for a free veterinary exam. The adoption fees are very sensible and they often offer deals so check the website.The shelter offers pet training for $45 for all newly adopted pets. I believe this service is free for anyone adopting a pit bull. If you are looking for a new pet I would recommend the shelter. Not only because they make the adopting process easy, but because you will be saving an animal.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,3/28/2011,186,563,6,5,6>A lovely bakery tucked around the corner behind my kids school. What a treat!I took my 9 year old daughter for some early morning treats and were surprised to find the bakery completely deserted at around 7:45 am. I don't know if we just missed the morning rush or beat it, but we were glad we didn't have a long wait or have to take it to go. We ordered pain au chocolat, a morning bun and pumpkin tea cake. We had to take the pumpkin tea cake to go because we were stuffed after the first two treats. The pain au chocolat was SO good. This was my daughter's choice and she ate it with her entire face. Really dove in there. Pain au chocolat is a sort of big croissant filled with delicious chocolate. Very flakey, not too sweet, and very delicious. I had the morning bun and I could eat those every morning if it weren't for the fact that I can taste real butter in there. It's like a sweet dough rolled up with cinnamon not unlike a cinnamon roll, and baked in a muffin pan, topped with an orange glaze. The glaze that pools in the...muffin bottom (?) part of the morning bun was my favorite part. Some people like muffin tops (I'm talking baked goods, not too-tight clothing, nobody likes those) but I am apparently a muffin bottom lover. I am excited for a repeat visit, perhaps for lunch or a coffee beverage next time. Either way, I am certain it will be delicious, wildly fattening, and satisfying to the soul.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,3/27/2011,52,73,12,8,6>Our tale begins with an intrepid food explorer named Hang. Like a ninja in the night, Hang swooped in and brought a trunk load of donuts to my work parking lot. We sampled a few, and simply gazed an awe at the rest. (Next time we need more people I think)The Creme filled I had was pretty good. The donut was soft and pillowy with a nice bit of chew. The cream on top had that taste of whipped cream that has been sitting for a few hours, kinda stiff and greasy (which ironically is my mountain man name)I also had a sticky bun. The dough was wonderfully flaky, The caramel sauce was sweet enough to make the fillings pop out of your teeth, and was contrasted nicely with the cinnamon and nuts.These were good donuts. Were they better that Banbury? I don't think so, but perhaps just as good. With Banbury so much closer to my day to day life, I don't think my alliances have changed, but I will always turn an eye towards the night sky, dreaming of the donut ninja and his magical visit.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,9/8/2012,1,113,,5,2>We usually try a new place for Saturday lunch and Los Cucos was the lucky recipient of our presence today.Overall, great experience.Customer Service - fantastic, kept the drinks and salsa full, very polite, sincerely concerned that we had all we needed.Menu Selection - 100 things to choose from, lots of fun and lots of things you don't see other places (avocado stuffed with Chicken).Great for kids - lots of fresh fruit drinks to choose from, menu with pictures, 8 different things to choose from, awesome.Food - Tomatillo style salsa was a nice break from the norm. I had the mixed burrito, half green chile & pork, half red sauce and steak. I could see the individual grill marks on both, it was great.Summary - Better than average Mexican Platter place ("careful sir, this plate is hot"). I'd for sure go again.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,9/7/2012,109,387,4,3,2>Holy mother of beer. They have quite a selection of beers in that place.If you are in the mood for trying different beers, ciders, and ales, this is the place to go with a bunch of mates, everyone orders something different, and let the pints go around the table.Do not do that if one of you has mono or herpes.Other than that the bar is great. Has a nice feeling, and the servers are nice.I will definitely be going back with my friends.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/6/2012,78,130,,5,2>This is probably my favorite restaurant. I crave it several times a week and never get sick of it.I love the butter naan, it's huge and tasty. I almost always get a combo (yeah it's not fancy but it's solid great food) but I've had menu a few times too. The same guy is always there and he told me he works 7 days a week. He is always greats and offers us utensils and other little extras every time.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/5/2012,21,37,,14,4>Chinese food can be risky...  but this is our families FAVORITE Chinese restaurant ever.  Over the last 10 years I'm confident I've been to Dragon Diner at least 100 times (we live only a mile away)... the kids absolutely love this place and we almost always dine in.... but this place is popular for take out as well!It may not look like much from the street... but this place is VASTLY superior to other fast food style Chinese options (Panda Express). No... this isn't a place you go to impress a date... it's just a cheap little diner, but they cook it fresh and serve it up hot. Lunch value is exceptional - you get chips, soup (get the egg drop), egg roll, fried rice, and your main dish all for under $7... and they cook it AFTER you order.  At Dragon Diner you can rest assured that your General Tao's chicken hasn't been marinating in a pot of MSG under a heat lamp for several hours. Atmosphere is very average, but it's clean and the service is generally good. This place has been under the same management since at least 2001 (when I first discovered it). Coupons are available in the money mailer for those who live in the Millcreek area.  GET THE PEKING CHICKEN if you like a little bit of spicy... it's terrific. General Tao's is also very good. The kids like the ORANGE CHICKEN, which is a bit more mild but also has a pleasant tangy taste.  We always stick the with chicken dishes... so I can't vouch for their beef and broccoli or their sweet & sour. If you're an old school baby boomer... those are probably your two favorite dishes.... I say, if you go to Dragon diner.... stay with the chicken dishes and you'll be just fine... perhaps even a little impressed for the quality of food you get for the money.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,9/4/2012,72,17,,5,2>I would much rather eat at a locally owned cafe vs. a chain restaurant. When you eat at Moon Dog's, bring your apetite. The food portions are HUGE and well prepared. I have only eaten breakfast here so I can't speak on the lunch or dinner services but I have heard nothing but good from friends that have eaten lunch and dinner here. The only things I could find anything negative to say about this establishment is:1) The photocopied menus need to be updated with some real menus.2) I have only eaten here once when I felt like my server had  previous server experience. The other times, my server has forgotten what we ordered and had to come back and ask, even after she wrote it down and the plates have gone to the wrong person at our table.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,9/3/2012,49,223,,3,2>Situated in a bit of a sketchy area next to a 7-11 and sandwiched between a water shop and a pizza joint, this excellent Sushi Express is not only close to my house, but decently priced as well. I have never noticed this place and I drive by it all the time to drop my brother off for soccer at the nearby middle school. As all reviews have stated, don't let the outside deceive you.Parking is excellent, ten times better than Red Ginger, although I'd still give a slight edge to Red Ginger as still my favorite sushi place. The prices are reasonable here, I believe they average about $6-$10. I wasn't too hungry surprisingly and decided to meet a friend here. We ordered two Tornado rolls which were delicious, I do have to say Sushi Express has the best spicy mayo I've had. Plenty of fish, not too much rice, though a tad smaller than Red Ginger rolls. We had another roll with tempura shrimp in it and it had some sort of sweet sauce on it, though it was not eel sauce because it wasn't as thick. The sushi was delicious, I'll have to come back when I'm starving and try more. They are definitely made for takeout with few tables to sit, but excellent service and a nice Japanese gentleman preparing the sushi fresh. Our waitress was a cute little Asian girl who was working her butt off because it got quite busy and she was the only one there. Despite the workload she kept up on our refills (which I love) and managed to clean off tables for the next customers. There's a plethora of rolls, though most of them have Salmon in them, which I don't particularly love in my sushi. I enjoy the raw fish but if cooked Salmon is your flavor, more power to you. I would have tried the Ute roll as suggested by Sam V., but the Salmon was the deciding factor against it. I'll be back Sushi Express.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,9/2/2012,35,72,,7,4>The food here is AMAZING! On arrival they serve some wonton fries with a dipping sauce (forgot the name) .. you can keep munching on these...very addictive. For my entree, I had the Beef and Broccoli and it was delicious... the beef was very tender and flavorful, the fried rice was delicious... and as crazy as it sounds, the broccoli was just as tasty as the beef or even more. My husband had the Striped Bass and it was cooked to perfection and had a delicious sauce. My friend had the Miso Black Cod... and it was the best dish of the ones we tried.. I am planning on going back just to have the Cod dish... To end it all, we shared the coconut creme brûlée... and it was one of the best I've ever had!They currently have a 2 for 1 entree coupon which expires on the 30th of June... Don't miss out!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,9/1/2012,46,167,,5,5>Liberty Park is a pretty cool place.  Not close to home, and not my favorite park in the valley, but still a pretty cool park.  I've participated in many 5k's and some half-marathons that run through this park, and it is beautiful.  The whole atmosphere is sort of pro-diversity, which I dig.  There's a handicap accessible playground, drum-circles on Sundays, the Tracy Aviary, pick-up basketball games, a lake, and a mini-model of the valley's canyons and streams.  The trees are old, the neighboring restaurants and homes are old, it's a cool area.  Definitely worth visiting.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/31/2012,139,132,,3,3>Some friends and I decided to take a little adventure down to Provo to try brunch at Communal. I am sad that we don't have one in SLC. They would EASILY give any brunch spot a serious run for their money. Are you reading this, Heirloom Group??? DO IT! Anyhow, the great thing about Communal is that each ingredient is cooked to its maximum potential. They aren't doctored into some frankengredient. Everything is just perfection- perfectly seasoned and cooked. The bacon is EPIC. The drive alone is worth it just for the bacon. I heard tales about their biscuit, and for me it was just ok. However, I went expecting a different kind of biscuit (tall and fluffy) and this was flat and flakey. But that was my fault because it was not what my ideal biscuit is like. The potato+spinach pancake is so, so, so good. Alongside fluffy eggs and that damn bacon I walked away a very satisfied diner. I really wanted to try their french press coffee but was highly caffeinated when I arrived. I can't wait to make it down again for a different meal.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,8/30/2012,42,23,2,5,3>I love this place. The staff is really nice and they make your drinks quick. The food menu is outstanding for a coffee house. Great sandwiches for a reasonable price. The house made desserts are also yummy. Try the butterfingers! The atmosphere is great. There are often live performances on the piano with surprisingly talented locals. I quite enjoy the woman who plays in the afternoons. Fast, free internet is always a plus. And students get a 10 percent discount with student ID. SCORE!Parking can be sparse. But otherwise, no issues with this place. It's a favorite.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,10/15/2011,221,489,8,10,8>So there I was, in SLC one evening, craving the kind of Mexican style grilled chicken that you can only get in...UTAH COUNTY?Yeah, I wanted some Pollo Loco and apparently the closest one is in Lehi. So much for that. Then I remembered the similarly named place up over by Little World. El Pollo...Royo, was it? I went to investigate. It's a non-descript little place in a shopping center that sees a lot of turnover. The place is no frills on the inside: a counter, some haphazardly placed tables, and a telenovela on the TV screen. Charbroiled chicken is the specialty here, but they have various other Mexican dishes on the menu as well. I went for combo #2: half a chicken, two sides, and a drink. The guy at the counter whipped it up for me in about five minutes, and I took my styrofoam container home to assess its tastiness.I have to admit, I'm a sucker for grilled chicken, so my standards might be low, but this stuff was super tasty: moist, tender, and full of flavor. The rice and beans I got on the side were solid as well. The food came with three warm, fresh tasting corn tortillas, and a blood red salsa with a lot of kick to it. Everything really hit the spot, and for $8, I had enough food for lunch the next day. So when my next grilled chicken craving comes, I'll be back here.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,10/14/2011,434,167,5,8,8>Do you ever get a warm and fuzzy feeling the moment you walk into a restaurant? The feeling that makes you feel like you're at your Grandma's house?? Its a great feeling.. and the feeling I got when I came to Cinegrill. Manfriend and I were looking for a place that would be similar to our very favorite hole-in-the-wall Italian joint in Huntington Beach, Pizza D'Oro, or, Pizza D, as we lovingly call it  (yelp.com/biz/pizza-d-oro).     They weren't busy at all, but still, there was a man seated at the piano playing... and our server (who informed us she had been employed there for 10 years) treated us as if we were the best customers on earth. It definitely gives out a diner vibe with the decor and the staff treating the customers like family. The paper menus are rather small, but that didn't prevent me from spending an godly amount of time deciding.. everything looked so good! I was starving, which was completely appropriate. I don't think I'd want to come here just slightly hungry. The portions are MASSIVE, and they bring everything under the sun with your meal.     I decided on the chicken, which was basically a grilled or baked version of chicken parmesan. It came with a side (I guess you could call it a side... or more like a full size portion) of either spaghetti or lasagna. I chose the lasagna... and it was a great choice. It wasn't your typical layered lasagna.. more like pieces of lasagna noodles with meat sauce and cheese.. DELICIOUS. Manfriend ordered the Italian sausage steak and instead of the pasta side he chose the also delicious French onion soup. We both thought our main dishes were slightly dry.. but the sausage was well-flavored and spicy. I prefer sausage with a good fennel flavor, and this delivered. The spaghetti sauce that came on and with just about everything was sooo amazing, and BONUS, you can actually buy it by the jar to take home with you.    Both of our meals came with a "side salad" that is served on a DINNER PLATE. It was just about my favorite part of the meal.. the dressing was a deliciously spicy house italian dressing. It also included a large piece of provolone.. not just puny shreds of cheese like some places. This salad, along with the garlic italian bread roll they serve with it could literally make a meal. I also ordered a slice of cheesecake to take home, and it was a lot like my Mom's cheesecake... a heavier cheesecake with no fruit topping to muddy the intense flavor. My favorite kind! Amazing and well worth the 3 bucks.    Our meal came out to about 30 dollars and we were completely stuffed and had leftovers. Well worth it in my opinion. You would spend probably 20 bucks more than that for some crap at Olive Garden. The service was impeccable.. our server was very helpful and reminded me a lot of my mom. That was the whole feel for this place... a true family restaurant. And I can always stand behind that.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,10/13/2011,63,139,15,9,8>I was perplexed, should I eat at a restaurant named after all my ex-girlfriends?  Would I enjoy it but regret the interaction later?  Would I be haunted?  Would the restaurant call me when I'm least expecting and ruin my day?  Oh what the hell... I decided I'd take the plunge, anyways I heard they serve some mean BBQ.The restaurant/bar is located in a non descript buiilding on 500 west in a fairly industrial neighborhood.  Don't be scared off by the hood its in... some of the best BBQ in SLC is in odd places.  I went in for lunch at noon on Saturday and there really wasn't a crowd to fight.  There's an expanisve dining room and a separate bar to sit at.  Both of these are really nice and well done.  I honestly wasn't expecting much from the outside of the building but its very nice inside.  The bar area has plenty of TV's to watch and plenty of stools to belly up to the bar at.They had a good sized menu but I was there for one thing, BBQ!  I ordered the Brisket Platter which came with beans, fries and slaw.  I think they said it was 8oz of Brisket, well it was a hearty 8 ounces.  The brisket was tender and fell apart at the touch of the fork.  It had a nice smokey flavor if you're into dry brisket.  But if you aren't, there was 4 sauces to pick from.  There was a spicy, vinegar, sweet and another I can't remember.  I picked the sweet "regular" BBQ sauce which was a nice complement to the meat.  The cut of brisket was a good quality.  Not too fatty or cheap.  I chatted with the bartender about the BBQ.  They have a wood fired smoker on site that they cook all the BBQ in.  No gas fired half hearted BBQ here.  Its great to see another wood fired smoker in SLC.  It takes more to make the BBQ but the quality shows in the final product.The beans were pretty good beans, not too thick but cooked well.  I put a little of the sweet and also the spicy BBQ sauce in them to tang them up to my liking.  The fries were hot and fresh steak fries.  Not cooked too crispy but they were good for steak fries (which i generally don't like).  I'm not a coleslaw person but it seemed fresh and crispy for whatever its worth.I hear this place can be a hoping night spot but I'm reviewing purely on the lunch/dinner meal aspects of the joint.  If you like BBQ you have to add this place to your list.  If you're tired of the same old lunch spots in Salt Lake you must go a few blocks south and visit the Devils Daughter.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,10/12/2011,63,225,,4,3>I was looking forward to our date night because we'd picked The Dodo to try! We arrived on a Friday evening around 6 and were among the last seated before the WAIT started. I thought the inside of the restaurant was really cool. It was simple and comfortable, yet still hip! And the location across the street from Sugar House park is ideal- go for a romatic stroll after dinner!We started with the roasted tomato polenta cakes They were the highlight of our meal! When they arrived, each cake sat on a dollop of pureed avocado and were topped with chipotle aioli, and there was a cup of tomato pine nut relish on the side(which was so good that we were eating it with a spoon). It had a slightly sweet balsamic base and the flavors added so much to the polenta cakes. We were kind of surprised by how "heavy" they felt when we picked them up, but with the avocado, aioli and relish, the cakes had a very dynamic taste.My boyfriend went with their pork chop special for $22. It had a cranberry apple chutney and was served with garlic mashed potatoes and French green beans. He thought the meat was tender and cooked well, and really was delicious with the fruit sauce. The mashed potatoes were excellent! There were 4 or 5 vegetarian options for me and my pick was the quiche, which came with more of the balsamic tomato pine nut relish- yum! It also came with soup or salad; I wish I had looked at the special board before I ordered because I saw later a gazpacho I would've loved to try. Instead, I chose the house salad, which was great too! Their own lemony dressing, Parmesan cheese and slivered almonds! The quiche was good- spinach, mushrooms and feta cheese!! Generous portion.Service was just okay. Our server waffled between indifference and annoyance with us. He did his job, but wasn't super pleasant. The girls who worked at the hostess stand were quite friendly, though.We plan to come back to the Dodo, but next time I'd like to save room for some amazing dessert- I heard people at other tables talking about how great their Tollhouse Pie is, so I'd like to find out for myself!I see the Dodo becoming a favorite!!
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,10/11/2011,46,167,2,8,7>I ordered the Shwarma plate and got to wondering...what exactly is the difference between Shwarma and Gyro???So I Googled it. One source said there's pretty much no difference. Another source said Shwarma's the meat, Gyro's the sandwich. Another source said Gyro's Greek, and Shwarma's Arabic. Mmmmkay. Thanks Google.But really, who cares? That was a plate full of awesome, whatever its name. The meat was oh so tender and perfectly seasoned and the tzatziki was yumm-o.It came with a creamy vegetable soup too.I also got the Garbanzo chips and hummus, which was delicious, and a huge hit with my kids--*please save some for me* It came with Mango salsa too, which I completely skipped--too sweet for me.The Shwarma, soup, and Garbanzo chips and hummus were all I ordered, and it fed me and my 2 kids--all for $11! Are you kidding me?!? Oh, and the place was super clean too. And free wifi. That bumps us up to a  5 star rating! I will mos def be back.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,10/10/2011,270,98,,6,6>My new favorite food cart in the downtown SLC area!  Two, okay maybe three, things make this cart special.  1.) Rudy - super nice guy who believes in excellent service and ingredients.  He will customize however you like (gluten-free friendly) and will even let you call ahead and order. 2.) Biscuits and Gravy - a food cart that does biscuits & gravy, hash browns, and...breakfast sandwiches for only a buck and a half? Seriously.3.) Drumroll please....BACON!  Rudy uses quality dogs (which honestly makes a big difference), wraps them in bacon and lets them bubble and crisp up on the grill.  He also grills the bun.  Those little touches make the difference. These dogs are delicious and my new fave in SLC. Add A1 or syrup for your own flair : )Rudy has plenty of other diverse offerings - all made with love.  French dip was also lovingly grilled - meat and bun - fresh.  No precooked/overly cooked food here.  You can also add grilled onions or mushrooms. Burgers aren't shown on the menu but are available.Bacon and accessories make Mad Dogs, LLC a food cart must!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,10/9/2011,114,115,,16,10>What an update already? YES, it was that good, I went back that same day for dinner. I went back with a long list of things I wanted to try, philly, reuben, spaghetti and meatballs. I ended up with the Chicken Parm, the breaded chicken was decent although a bit on the dry side, but barely. The real star was the homemade tomato sauce. Boy oh boy did it have F-L-A-V-O-R! The sauce paired with the perfectly cooked pasta made for a perfect pair. Now I really wished I had gotten a full plate of spaghetti. Earlier I had used the work "affordable" to describe this place. I misspoke, the food you get here is really first rate cuisine at half off... all the time. I can't wait to go through their menu, perhaps the reuben with their homemade corned beef. And pies, definitely pies. Especially now that i know when they are made.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,10/8/2011,148,68,5,4,4>Oh my, where to begin with this review. Let's start it off with this; Red Iguana is hand's one of, if not the best Mexican food in town. If you don't read any more of this review please know that you CAN NOT go without trying this place out! ...and I challenge anyone to find a reason to give this place less than the best! The menu is a bit long and can feel a little overwhelming, however all you have to do is ask, the staff is absolutely amazing, and willing to help! I am typically a 20% tipper and up if the service warrants it. Here I find myself consistently going 25% or more. The servers and serving assistants here love their jobs, and it shows, and they know the menu well. I fell in love with the Tacos Don Ramon (look in the gallery), which was a suggestion from our server. They're famous for their Mole and with good reason. It is to die for!!! All around this place is a great experience, from the food to the service, and the embience. I encourage all to travel downtown and find this diamond in the rough!P.S. Look for me on the patio! I'll be the guy in the corner with my Yelp sun glasses, eating my Tacos Don Ramon, with a Dos XX's ...because I don't always drink beer, but when I do I drink Dos XX's!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,10/7/2011,106,206,6,4,3>This is most definitely one of my favorite bars in SLC- if not my actual #1 fave.It's a little divey, but still has a a decent amount of class. Drinks aren't ridiculously expensive, but their burgers are fairly priced for how delicious they are.  As in- they ARE expensive for a bar burger, but it's a great burger that I think is worth the price.  Their Lucky 13 draft is a terrific beer, and besides that, they have a huge fridge of bottled higher % alcoholic goodies.  They also have two ginormo-burgers that don't look like anything I'd like to tackle, but it's always fun to watch one go by to another table...Plus, the mix of a Breath Enhancer (garlic burger) with rosemary and garlic fries are enough to stick on a husband/wife/significant other for most of the remainder of the day.  How could anybody ask for more?Did I mention that they also have erotic photo hunt?!?!?!  This place is awesome!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,10/6/2011,81,221,2,6,5>My favorite sandwich...ever. I know this is a bold statement, but it is true. I crave, 'The Natural.' I love meat, but in sandwich form (except pulled pork), I prefer a good veggie...and I have had my share. From NJ to Cali, Texas to Utah and this sandwich wins every time. The veggies are not drowning in oil and over cooked, they all stand alone and keep their integrity and flavor as you bite through each layer. They apply a garlic spread that is the perfect compliment. I love avocado and add it to everything! But, in my opinion, this sandwich doesn't need it. The bread is incredibly fresh ciabatta and the 1/2 sandwich is really a great portion. Everything from their pasta, side salad to the dessert bites are executed beautifully. The pasta is simple...orzo with basil and pine nuts (with a touch of olive oil). Every sandwich I see come out of there looks wonderful but I have had a hard time changing it up. Why mess with perfection, right? The lunch special has become my new best friend. You will find the owner, Robin, taking orders and working the register. She is a doll. Break away from the chains and head to Robin's Nest!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,7/28/2014,100,87,12,9,7>4 stars because..... drum roll... Shuffle board. Oh did I mention it is FREE? Glad I got that out there. The band playing Saturday was really good. Which made up for the cover charge for the gentlemen. Close to my humble abode. Free Shuffle Board.Large inside with plenty of tables and seating. Pool is also FREE. God that is good to say!Plenty of beer on tap or bottled. Shuffle Board. Pitchers were reasonably priced (I believe we paid $9 for coors original)... let me expand on this. Their lines are dirty. That was the only practical excuse we could come up with when deciding that our "coors original" was mixed with Apricot Hefe. Slugged that back and said give me something else. "Long poor" shots.... whatever that means. Shots were expensive here. Bathrooms were decent, and large enough to never really wait in line (see the common occurrence of how important bathrooms are to me in previous bar reviews).Free Shuffle Board.They have TV's all around so it wouldn't be a bad place for some sport watching, not on my part. So the only downside here BNS, clean your lines and simmer down on your shot prices. Oh and help a girl out, doing a favor for all of humanity here, remove Rammstein from your jukebox options.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/27/2014,40,327,4,5,4>I've heard a ton of mixed reviews about this place over the years but had never checked it out myself until just recently. I must say, I was impressed.I had the pesto gnocchi and it was delicious. Some of the best I've had stateside (reminded me of some fantastic gnocchi I stumbled across in Oakland, CA many years ago). It was cooked perfectly, was wonderfully flavored, and had the perfect amount of richness. And I loved the bread served before and during the meal, it was fantastic.  There seems to be a lot of negative comments about the service but we didn't encounter any issues. But then again, we ate here for lunch and it wasn't terribly crowded. All in all, I really enjoyed my meal here and will certainly return.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,7/26/2014,203,388,3,6,7>PLEASANT GROVE, UT: I was just completely floored by the food at Chubby's.  It's a southern-flair, quick-food burgers and sandwiches kind of place.  You must eat here!Ambience and Service (4 stars): Its going for the southern dive kitschy look, so not fancy inside, great service from the owner operators.FOODShrimp Po Boy Sandwich (5 stars): This sandwich is an absolute killer.  The bread is spongy, soft, and fresh with a warmly toasted interior to give it a little crunch.  The remoulade is savory and delicious, the slaw is super fresh as are the tomatoes, and the shrimp are very large, lightly battered and seasoned perfectly.  Best I've ever had.Beer Battered Fries (4 stars): These are thick fries, thinly battered and taste very home-made and authentic.  Meant to be dipped in something, don't eat them dry, they're not seasoned.  Ketchup and fry sauce is in abundance.Can't wait to return and try more of the menu!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,7/25/2014,78,86,4,11,2>I'm new to the SLC area and kinda stick to places close to my home for now, i passed by this Chinese restaurant when looking for a quick lunch spot, the banner outside said they were having a grand opening special of 20% all menu items. i tried the sesame chicken lunch combo which came with your choice of hot and sour or egg flower soup along with fried won tons w/ sweet and sour sauce. the combo included your choice of fried rice or steamed rice and either an eggroll or paper wrapped chicken all for 5.95 prior to discount applied!!! My boyfriend got the sweet and sour pork combo. we both were pleased!after two combos @ 5.95 each along with hot tea service and a soda our total came to just $12 bucks!! way cheaper than any fast food place and we were in and out within 45 mins! the owners were prompt and very sweet and answered any questions we had about the menu... they cater and offer a very extensive dinner menu as well as sushi, i can't wait to come back and try those out!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,7/24/2014,159,264,6,5,2>Ok, so remember that 4 stars on Yelp means "Yay! I'm a fan", which I am.  I have been eating here and have been ordering take away here for 15 years.  Pre-remodel even.  It was pretty crappy back in the day.  Why I have never reviewed them, I am not sure, but I like this place.  The Bun is good.  The Pho is average, the egg rolls are dang good.  I love the salt baked shrimp and calamari.  The beef with flat noodles is a favorite as is the general tso's chicken.  Is it super authentic?  Not really?  How does it compare to that place in San Franciscos's Chinatown?  I don't care, I am not comparing to Chinatown in SFO.  It's good, it's steady, it's consistent.  They do a fast take away.  So fast, I can call them as I am departing the Costco parking lot on 300 W. and my food is waiting for me when I get there.  They are on my phone speed dial.  They are on my car speed dial.  I like them.  I am a fan.  It's not the best, but it is the bomb for what it is.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/23/2014,45,95,3,7,3>I'm waiting for the day I wake up and realize how silly it is to pay the higher price for the fancy "small plate" food but I don't think Eva will allow me to do that. Their food is pretty dang tasty! I go back and forth between favoring them or Meditrina but Eva's menu seems to prove stronger. They can get pretty busy but they will take your name and text you when your table is ready so it makes it nice since you can leave and go grab a drink somewhere. Their food is definitely for the foodie type and has some interesting choices but for the most part, it is all good! Service is attentive and prices are OK as far as tapas are concerned. They have about three servings on a plate (or three pieces if it's something like short ribs). For two people, you can probably get away with four dishes and be comfortably full. Small space, can get a bit noisy but overall a great date night or small group dinner.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/22/2014,69,142,,8,6>As authentic as it gets in Utah. I honestly didn't really like Myung Ga the first time I tried it at their old location, but since then, I've given them a few more tries and have come around. Maybe in the beginning I was comparing them too much with what I was used to getting in NYC.I've never had a problem with the service, but I'm fluent in Korean so that might help a little :)  Last year my office had our Christmas party here. They did a decent job handling our party of 15. Maybe a tad slow, but no complaints from anyone in our party. The new location is a lot bigger and feels much more open. It also just looks and feels more clean, which is always a plus.The menu is pretty comprehensive, but I usually stick with the tofu soup and kalbi (short ribs). Best tofu soup in town - extremely flavorful, lots of options, and extra spicy! I would also highly recommend the bibimbap, but you really can't go wrong. My coworkers ordered something completely random on the menu, ended up getting three small fried fish. They were really scared at first, but ended up LOVING it.  Lastly, I was impressed by their adult beverage menu. They have a comprehensive list of Korean alcohol and beers - the largest I've seen in Utah yet!
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/21/2014,64,99,1,8,3>Publik Coffee Roasters is a brand new coffee joint in Salt Lake City.  Before the SLC location, they opened a coffee shop in Park City.  Publik Coffee Roasters is located near the 900 S Trax stop right near a I-15 exit on West Temple.  The location is a little hidden, but there is plenty of parking and fairly easy to get to.  On to the coffee, because it is a coffee shop.  Publik roasts its own beans and I really liked the coffee.  I ordered an Ethiopian pour over on their Alpha Dominche and later I ordered a latte.  Don't worry they also do standard pour overs if you do not like the Alpha Dominche. I found the coffee very good, flavorful, fresh, and well-balanced.  The quality of the coffee was comparable to other small batch roasters in SLC.  Besides lattes, cortados, drip, pour overs, and expresso, Publik also features pastries and various toasts with jam, cream cheese, butter, and other ingredients.  I ordered the orange and habanero toast and really enjoyed it.  The jelly was yummy and the bread was thick and fluffy.  The coffee is very good and so is the ambiance of Publik.  Drawing inspiration from Sightglass coffee (7th St location) in San Francisco, seating is plentiful and the building is roomy (downstairs and upstairs).    The building seems very open due to their upstairs that overlooks the first level and coffee bar (take a look at the pics).  Near the coffee bar, there are large windows that feature the area where the beans are roasted.  I really enjoyed the ambiance, the music is pretty good, and the staff is friendly and knowledgable.  Publik has two private rooms that will have TVs with full AV hook ups and wireless printing.  These rooms are meant for meetings for non-profits or students (these are for rent soon).  The bathrooms are very contemporary as is the rest of the building.  I had a feeling like I was in San Francisco. Publik sells their own coffee, merchandise, and brewing equipment by Chemex and Hario.  Finally, Publik has a large area/room that is available for events such as art shows.     I am not sure if Publik coffee is my favorite small batch coffee in SLC, but it is very good.  I could see myself hopping around to different coffee shops in SLC and being very satisfied.  Publik is a nice entry into the SLC coffee scene and I look forward to who they will grow in the future.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2014,7/20/2014,134,150,3,8,4>I could not resist!  Had takeout from Mom's over the weekend.  We enjoyed the appetizers best.  Each dish seemed to come with it's own specialized dipping sauces.We ordered:**Rice Dumpling with Peanut--wrapped in a lotus leaf, this was yummy sticky rice cooked with peanuts. very earthy and good!**Taro Turnip Cake--homemade and fresh,with little pieces of pork inside, these were just great!**Pan Fried Stuffed Bun--awesome yielding texture to the bun.  Petite, very dumpling-ey and addictive. Comes 4 to an order, a little pricey at 5.99, but so yummy.**Rice Tube Pudding--sticky rice overload!!  essentially this is sticky rice steamed in a tube and served with mushrooms.  we like the rice dumpling with peanut more, but very similar textures and flavors**Hakka Pork Squid with Tofu--What is Hakka? Spicy but lacking in flavor overall.  Not a good item to order to go bc of the tempura fried squid.**Lamb Hot Pot--Clear noodle in a mild tasting clear broth with shaved lamb slices and some greens.  meh. To go order was packaged beautifully and nothing was left out, way to go! cost:$43.08The staff is wonderful.  I can't wait to go back, sit down this time, and try out more of the menu.  The tables were filled with mostly Asian folks eating some really fun delicious looking foods.    You must go!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,7/19/2014,48,176,4,4,4>Anytime your food comes with a head on it and a bib is a must, you KNOW you are in for a good time.  This food is good and messy enough that you'll be doing a surgeon scrub when you are done. Worth it. Very worth it.Remember that a pound of shrimp goes much further than a pound of crab legs but try them both.  Throw some fixin's in like sausage, taters, and or corn. It adds to the experience and gives you something else to focus on beside getting that damned shrimp out.Also, kudos for having affordable (and good ) beer selection in bottles and draught.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,4/15/2011,24,80,,8,5>Now we are talking Peruvian!  No pretense, no snobbery.  Just delicious food.  It is not as upscale or stuffy as El Inti which is just fine with me.  My wife tried the Lomo Saltado which was the same dish she had at El Inti and it was even better then El Inti's version.  I had a steak dish which was served over a huge bed of beans and rice that were wonderfully spiced and came with fried plantains.  It was exceptionally good.  The service was not great, but our waitress was nice and made an excellent suggestion for me.  El Inti was delicious, but K-Rico is the kind of place i will return to often.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,4/14/2011,2,51,,4,2>I dig it! The service was good and their menu has a ton of vegetarian and vegan options this makes dining out easier for me and my bf. He eats meat dishes but I like to eat more vegetable ones.The soup was amazing and everything was nice and spicy and our waiter kept the water coming.  I didn't understand why they had to fire up their big screen while we were eating onto a sports network, a thai place doesn't need that.The prices are a lot less than a lot of local thai places and the food was great, I even had enough to take home for lunch. It's definitely more of a casual restaurant and not really fancy inside, it looks like it used to be a gas station, but that's cool.I dig it, I'd like to go back and try some other dishes.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,4/13/2011,78,238,1,6,5>I thought I knew every donut store in town.  Well, I have driven by this place for years and never stopped, and as a donut nutto, what was I thinking?  Perhaps its somewhat ghetto look made me hesitate just a bit? Don't make my mistake.  These are wowser donuts.  My lifetime go-to comparison donut is the choc glazed cake donut from Stan's Donut shop in my hometown of Santa Clara, California.  Stan's shop is now a little divey, very famous and rightly so.  Same sign from 1958, same counter top, with stools that turn, same donut maker and same amazing donuts.  This nectar became my 5 year old childhood dream food.  Since I moved away from Santa Clara in 1974, I have sought that cake donut, never finding it anywhere but on my infrequent  vacay trips back to California. What a surprise, that I have found the near-twin of my Stan's choc glazed at Fresh Donut & Deli.  I was in donut heaven.  omygosh.   Serious competition for Banbury and that's not said lightly.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,4/12/2011,45,58,,6,4>Delish doesn't even begin to describe Frida Bistro.  The food was excellent.  The portion sizes were good (not too skimpy, not overwhelming). Although the prices are a bit high for lunch I was still able to walk away fully satisfied for about $13.  I had the Verde Tamale and it was so good. Fresh asparagus, large artichoke quarters and cheese in soft, thick tamale wrapped in a banana leaf.  The tomatilla sauce was citrusy and tangy with a very mild spice to it.  I could eat the tres verdes rice all day!  It was soft and not dry and had a light cilantro flavor to it.  Totally cleaned my plate.  It was all I could do to keep from licking the banana leaf clean!Service was very good as well.  Justin was our server and he was very knowledgeable about the menu, gave very good recommendations, had an excellent memory and accommodated all of our special requests.  We were with a very large group and none of us had been here before.  And although we bombarded him questions and requests he handled it all with ease and good humor.  There was a mistake where a person in our party ordered the same tamale that I (Verde Tamale) but they sent out the Turkey Negro Tamale.  They fixed the mistake in less than 5 minutes and left the extra entree for the table to share.  The Negro mole sauce had a deep dark chocolate flavor to it and was amazing!!! Yummy.I can't forget to mention the guacamole.  We ordered the tres salsa appetizer where you can pick three different salsas and they serve them with blue corn chips.  We got the roasted salsa (way to spicy for me but not others in my group), the pico de gallo (super yummy and fresh) and the guacamole.  The best guacamole I've had in Salt Lake..Hands down.With the Yelp special listed for July we got a free dessert.  The caramel flan was yum-o and The Frida by Doughgirl was chocolaty and peppery all at the same time.  Very good.We will be back!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,4/11/2011,158,120,2,4,3>This is one of my favorite mellow places to go and enjoy a cup of coffee and a book in the morning.  They serve Cafe Ibis coffee (which is my favorite coffee ever!)  The staff is very friendly and laid back. I love the atmosphere.  I have had lunch here a few times and was always very tasty.  I am not a big fan of their cupcakes (but I am very paticular about my sweets) but I have a lot of friends who rave about them so definitely give them a try!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,4/10/2011,24,47,2,7,5>Agree with Karrie H. on this one: BEST LUNCH SPECIAL IN TOWN! So affordable, SO MUCH food! Also, there is ALWAYS a coupon in the City Weekly for a "buy one, get one free" or "free appetizer" deal. My favorite items are the yellow curry with chicken or tofu depending on my mood, THE PINEAPPLE SOUP!, the lunch salad with peanut sauce dressing & the tapioca dessert in the tiny ramekins. The decorating scheme is so "home-style" to me. A wonderful modge-podge of items from traditional Thai to handmade drink menus, photos & drawings on the walls. Sometimes, they even do season tablescapes.(Make sure to to check out the "Fat Coco (the cat) dreams about McDonalds" illustration near the restrooms.)
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,4/9/2011,64,258,2,4,4>Dasks was my first intro to Greek food back in the early 80's when they had the place at crossroads plaza, so I was ecstatic when I moved back to Salt Lake last year and found one just down the road from my house. The food is always consistently good! Great Lemon rice, great Gyros that might have too much yogurt sauce but that's quick to fix and better than not having enough. I love the Greek salad with tons of feta.I love how lady from Michigan was going to give this place 5 starsbut since this place caters to the Utah palate with modest flavors she went 4 star... I'm pretty sure Kronos doesn't make a different spit of meat for us Utards with delicate tastes buds!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,4/8/2011,159,264,13,12,8>I have been here once and I left a fan.  That is why the four stars.  I'll be back and maybe I will adjust my review after the second visit.  This place get's a star for a unique name, pink exterior and the fact that I was greeted at the door and taken to my table by some poor teen that was dressed as Nacho Libre.  I laughed out loud as soon as I saw him.  (no offense, poor young teen)We were sat a table for four because we had our infant and toddler with us.  The infant in his chair on high and the toddler in his chair down low with crayons and a outlined drawing of Nacho Libre to color in.  All were happy. Soon though we realized we were closer to the restrooms than others and you certainly could smell the urinal cakes or something like that.  Minus a star. MMMMM  Minty!!!The menu was nicely laid out with a complete selection of typical Mexican fare and a separate page of Mole's. I choose the Mole Coloradito.  My wife, something that I cannot recall and for the toddler we chose a quesadilla.  It was listed as a mozerella quesadilla and my wife questioned this since we were in a Mexican joint. I explained that it was probably the dumbing down of the menu for us white folks since queso fresco is pretty much mozerella.  Sort-of...Then the toddler melted down before the mozerralla quesadilly thing arrived so we got up to go outside because I am not the type of parent to let his child melt down in a resto, even an empty one as Nacho's Libre was on this night.  So outside we went and the poor unfortunate teen dressed as Nacho Libre was told by a man I  assume was the owner, to open the door for me.  He did. Nice unfortunate teen that he was.  He looked sadder than my toddler who was now in trouble.  So my kid and I had a conversation about going inside and eating quietly or going to the car and neither of us eating.  He decided to go inside.  Thank God!!  I hate staring at my food from the parking lot.  So we went back inside.When we got back to the table we had chips and salsa waiting for us!  It was good too.  homemade, fresh, HOT, chips and delicious salsa that didn't overwhelm you with garlic.  I LOVED it.  Then the meal arrived.  The boy dove into his Quesogodzilla and quite enjoyed the fresh, chunky and homemade guacamole that came with it.  My Mole Coloradito was also quite good. Dare I say I liked it better than the Red Ig place?  Plus 3 stars! a little salty though.  Minus 1 star.The wife liked her meal, but I don't remember what it was.  She loved the rice and beans and that is usually the part of the meal she hates in every Mexican Restaurant.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,4/7/2011,68,145,,4,2>Myung Ga is a great Korean restaurant in Utah.  The food here is good flavor wise and they have decent sides to go with the meal compared to other Utah Korean places.  It is sort of out of the way to get to though.I like to order the gal bi (beef short ribs) as they taste good. but can be a little fatty and tough.  The tofu soup is what my wife likes to order as her meal.  She says it tastes good and is close to what you get in Korea.  It is worth the trip to eat here if you like Korean food and do not feel like making it yourself.The service is a little slow especially when it is busy.  Try to eat here during non busy hours or early.  Food does come in a decent amount of time after you order, seems to have more cooks than wait staff.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,4/6/2011,6,24,5,6,5>Oscar de la Pucci is the love of my life.  I think it's creepy when people marry their dogs to other dogs, or give them their own rooms, or hussy them up in little outfits that match what their owners wear.  But I can genuinely attest--without shame--that the seven years I've spent with my eight and a half pound chihuahua constitute the best relationship I've ever had.  Go ahead and make those gagging noises if you must, but I suspect that if you have a dog of your own, you can relate more than you'd like to admit.Oscar hiked 22 miles with me on Labor Day.  He keeps my feet warm and he wakes me up if I fall asleep with a book on the sofa, to get me to go in to bed.  He's fiercely loyal, sustains an impossibly kinetic level of enthusiasm, protects me from threatening shadows, and prances around on a zippy diagonal, just to keep people watching.  He's as sweet a creature as I've ever known, and I can only hope to bring half as much happiness to his short life as he has to mine....which is why, two or three days a week, I take him to see his friends at City Pet Club.  And he bounds out of the car and in through the door to get the day started, tail wagging.I can only imagine what Oscar does with his time, though Cline and Derek certainly do their best to debrief me.  I hear tales of soaking up sun, bossing big dogs around, and guarding his bed under the heater on cold mornings.  If Oscar didn't go out of his way to avoid puddles, I'd guess he'd spend a fair amount of time in the kiddie pool in the summer as well.  But whatever it is he's up to while I'm at work keeps him exercised and socialized, and eager to go back again a couple days later.I can't tell you how much I appreciate and trust the friendly staff at City Pet Club to take great care of my little guy when I can't.  I'm insanely glad there are people who love dogs as much as I do, and so, I'm sure, is Oscar.  Take your pooch to the best kennel in town and tell them he sent you.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,6/7/2014,11,34,1,11,4>This is the best brunch I have had in a long time!!We ordered the creme brûlée French toast and the hangover to share. The French toast was amazing!! It was crispy on the edges, and soft but not mushy in the middle. The hangover is cheesy potatoes covered in meat and hollandaise sauce. The sauce was creamy and had loads of flavor. Will be coming back!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2014,6/6/2014,53,78,2,6,3>After careful reflection and much vacillation, I have zeroed in on my review for Couscous Grill.  This restaurant is tricky, because it presents itself as a "Mediterranean Grill", but it's really more like Mediterranean Fusion, with offerings like Mediterranean Nachos (very cleverly, with nacho chips prepared from garbanzo beans), Mediterranean Burrito and even an "Island Chicken" (*gasp*, complete with teriyaki flavor).  Very interesting concept, and Couscous Grill has made a brave attempt to execute it.I visited Couscous last week with my wife and mother for a rainy day lunch.  My wife was immediately drawn to the schwarma plate, which comes with  a side salad or soup.  I opted for the Couscous Specialty 10" Gourmet Baked Flat (also known as a "pizza").  My mother made the brave (and some would suggest foolhardy) choice to dive into the Island Chicken.  We also ordered the Hummus, Mango Salsa and Garbanzo Chips.  Whether it was purposeful or not, we elected for a fairly good cross-section of the menu.The garbanzo chips arrived first, accompanied by the hummus and mango salsa.  I thought the chips were interesting and unique, certainly a viable alternative to the traditional corn chips you get at Mexican restaurants.  The hummus was from white beans, rather than garbanzo beans, which normally I disdain, but this one was decent.  The mango salsa was fairly run-of-the-mill.  Our entrees came next.  Let's start with the schwarma plate.  This was really the star of the show.  The meat was moist and properly spiced.  Combined with the pita, accompanying vegetables and tzatziki sauce, it was really marvelous.  The quality of this schwarma plate rivals anything else I've tried in the Salt Lake valley.  Thumbs up.  On to my "baked flat".  Very disappointing.  The crust was too thick, almost like a full piece of pita bread, and the cheese combination of mozzarella, provolone and feta (I couldn't taste much of a hint of feta.) came off as too bland.  How about a bit of tang in the cheese combo?  Further, there was too much of it on the pizza.  The one highlight of the pizza was the garlic-infused olive oil, which truly saved the dish from being completely bland.  Mom's teriyaki bowl was even more disappointing.  I will add, in Couscous Grill's defense, why would any person in their right mind order a teriyaki bowl at a Mediterranean restaurant, but it is *their* menu offering, so the blame can be spread both ways.  A couple of bites of the Island Chicken was all I needed to determine that this item should be removed from the menu.  Couscous should never be combined with teriyaki sauce!So, there you have it.  Couscous Grill seems to excel with its Middle Eastern offerings, somewhat lags when it goes further afield into Mediterranean cuisine (Italian) and fails when it attempts to go 'fusion'.  I would definitely return for the schwarma plate, and that's the restaurant's saving grace, but other menu items either have to be improved or shaved entirely.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/5/2014,33,45,5,8,6>Beets beets beets. I don't normally order beets when I go out to eat but some friends raved about how great the marinated beets are here and they were not kidding. Loved everything about it- the combination of beets with goat cheese, arugula, and pistachios was amazing. Even if you aren't a fan of beets, order this, you won't be sorry. I ordered Steve's special for the entree- yum. The sauce was great and the jalapenos added the right amount of heat. I tried some of my friend's pork tenderloin. Totally ordering this next time, everything about it was amazing- the grilled polenta was so good and the pork was cooked perfectly. Another must- the donuts, perfect way to end an amazing meal.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/4/2014,1710,637,5,10,10>Visit on 03/29/2014 -Country Pate (chicken) with mustard, olives and toast points. Mmm, chickeny! The combination of pate and mustard is a treat, for sure. The flavor of the chicken intensifies over time. -Potato Lasagna - Yukon Gold potatoes layered with Parmesan, Ricotta, Whole Milk Mozzarella & Seasonal Vegetables. The pleasant surprise of the evening. Very flavorful, herbaceous, and silky smooth. -Rack of Lamb with Potato, Shallot Custard & Jalapeño Jelly. Definitely a safe pick, every time. The lamb is not gamey at all, and the accompaniments are just that, accompaniments that enhance the main event. -Marinated Pork Chop in a Maple, Mustard & Bacon Barbeque Sauce with Mashed Potatoes & Seasonal Vegetables. Also a safe pick every time. So tender, juicy and flavorful. -Pan Roasted Duck Breast with Spiced Plum Sauce and Sweet Potato Puree. Sweet potato puree to die for! The duck fat was not rendered enough (not crispy), but the duck itself was delicious. -Pork Tenderloin with Yukon Gold potatoes. What can I say? It was tender, not dry and nicely executed. -Creme Brûlée. Silky cream. Not that cold hard pasty 'stuff' they serve at other restaurants. Delicious, and just the right size for a single dessert serving. -Caramel and Toffee-Almond Ice Creams. OMG. Just order it.The Pecan Bread Pudding was more dense and chewy than it's been in the past. It lacked 'breadiness', and pecans in general. Disappointing.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/3/2014,48,148,1,8,6>This is still my favorite restaurant and I frequently visit! They also host some awesome events and have live music Thursday through Sunday nights starting at about 7:00pm and they have a movie night on Tuesdays. They are constantly working to improve their beer menu and have recently added a couple awesome beers to their seasonal menu! The food has always been good, I have yet to try something I would not order again.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,6/2/2014,58,84,4,10,4>Red maple is a dim sum and Chinese food favorite.  Conveniently located right off 215, this place is very popular.  It is large and seats a lot of people. They even have a party room in the back for private events. If you come for dim sum, they are very good at coming by with the different carts.  One cart will be all dumplings.  The next will be all baked goods.  They have a congee cart too!  But you can also order from the menu.  On my last visit on Mother's Day we splurged and ordered crab cooked with ginger & scallions and an order of abalone mushrooms & mixed vegetables.  The plates were humongous.  The vegetable dish had baby Bok Choy, silky big abalone mushrooms, shiitakes and lots of whole cloves of garlic.  It was amazing.  We ordered some dim sum as we waited. BBQ pork, shrimp dumplings and BBQ pork buns helped us pass the time while we waited for them to prepare the crab.  It took a little while to pluck those two live dungeness crabs from the tank and be magically prepared into crabby goodness.  I think we ordered enough food to feed maybe 8 people.  It was a very hands on and messy affair eating and cracking the crab.  Not for the timid!!  We had plenty to bring home.  Of course we saved room for the pineapple custard baked buns for dessert!  They were an excellent way to finish our meal.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,6/1/2014,61,188,,3,3>Can't go wrong with this place.To me a Philly doesn't take much.  Bread, meat, cheese, various veggies and some kind of sauce.This place does it right every time I go.  The bread has a nice kinda hard outside to it and soft smooth chewy inside and to me the bread is one of the most important things of a great Philly cheese-steak. What makes these guys stand out is that they are always consistent, the food is always fresh and hot, the jalapeno mayo sauce makes it taste so incredible. The ribeye steak is always so juicy and tender, I don't do it real Philly style with cheese whiz which to me is so nasty. I like some good old provolone with tomatoes, mushrooms, bell peppers and onions.Can't say enough about this place.  Highly recommend this place to anyone that loves a great sandwich that is always complimented with great bread and excellent meat.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,5/31/2014,37,59,3,11,6>I've decided to remove my last review from a while back and do an in-depth review for Asia Palace today so take a big breath before you dive into this.Overall, I dare say AP has the best pho in Utah. I've been to every other pho-specialized restos in town, Oh Mai, Cafe Thao Mi, Pho Plus, Pho 33, Pho 99, Pho Cali, Pho Saigon, Green Papaya, La Cai, Cafe Trang, Rice Noodle King, Pho Tam, you name the rest.... and every time I get pho somewhere else, I always get a little disappointed that overall it's just not as good as AP'sAP has many options when it comes to pho, including the ox-tail pho, which is relatively new to AP's menu and I believe Pho 33 is the only other place that has ox-tail in their pho.My absolute favorite pho at AP is the large special, with additional raw steak on the side (still under $10). The raw steak is a very good idea, and it's AP's dirty dirty little secret. And now you all know. Reason why it's a must-have? Simply because you get double the meat & who doesn't want that? But here's the best part: from adding the extra raw steak to your pho, it significantly enhances the broth and you also get very tender, medium rare cooked steaks all for just $1.50 extra. (To achieve the best result, add lime to the extra steak plate, and quickly add the entire plate directly to the bowl, piece by piece. Wait a good 10 seconds before adding veggies and the rest of the condiments)  Give it a try and you will thank me!Here's my analysis for their pho:Broth: AP's broth comes in very generous proportion of really good, clean broth with a harmonious balance between spices and beef aromas. Most importantly, the broth comes with almost zero grease! 4.5/5 (Second best, next to Pho Tam in Orem)Meat: Generous amount of meat. The meat here isn't top notch, but it's up to par, always fresh and consistent. Always perfectly cooked and the flavors are on point. 4/5 (Also beat by Pho Tam)Noodles: They give you the biggest amount of noodles comparing to anywhere else in the state. The noodles here has never been overcooked or undercooked and there is just the right chewiness. 4.5/5Vegetable plate: By far the most presentable and most generous around. They are always serving up fresh and plentiful amounts of ngo gai, basil leaves, sprouts, lime, and jalapenos. 5/5I've eaten more than 100 bowls of their pho over the years and the broth is around 95% consistent, with a slip here and there. I've also brought quite a few friends here for lunch and have never failed to impress them with the pho.Let's not forget that beside the trending "Pho" which is growing more and more in popularity, Asia Palace also offers a large menu of other authentic Vietnamese dishes that are just equally fantastic. Here's a list of other dishes that I DO recommend getting at AP:-Pot stickers appetizer-Vermicelli with grilled pork / bun thit nuong (you can get it with or without eggroll)-Deep fried quails-Hue Style Beef Noodles Soup (Head's up! it's a bit of a "different taste" if you aren't Vietnamese, but you will most likely enjoy it)-Broken rice with BBQ pork, shredded pork, shrimp paste wrapped in bean curd, & sunny-side-up egg (I find myself begging for more rice as there is A LOT of meat to this dish, but don't hesitate to ask for extra rice, it's free after all....I think)-Thai style hot pot (lau thai) - good for groups of 3+-Fried squids (muc chien)-Pan-fried rice noodles (pho ap chao)-Stir-fried vegetables and tofu (served with rice)-Fried chicken wings glazed in fish sauce (canh ga chien nuoc mam)**These are for the brave eaters, and brave eaters only: give their Ech Xao Lan (stir-fried frog dish) a go. It tastes like chicken and is quite delish. OR the pha lau is also an excellent choice, if you got the guts to eat guts.Things I DON'T recommend from AP:-Their homemade soy milk (I only had it once so it could be their off day, but it was weird tasting). Get the canned one they got instead.-Noodles in smelly fish sauce / bum mam - it requires an extreme acquire taste, especially if you don't like fish sauce. Besides, it's just not that great in general.-Sweet and sour soup appetizer.All in all, with more than 150 options on their menu, not counting the daily specials, it isn't a big surprise that some of their dishes aren't impressive. Asia Palace is still a solid and 100% authentic Vietnamese resto. in the west valley area. You just know it's authentic when more than half of the patrons here are Vietnamese.Service is generally prompt, friendly and consistent for the most part. Pricing is pretty cheap for the quality you get.Last but not least, if you happen to check in on a weekend, each member of your party will get a complimentary tapioca dessert pudding on the house. You can't say no to a free dessert, especially when it's pretty good!!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2014,5/30/2014,97,42,3,5,3>The cool experience receiving the key and unlocking the door and going down a flight of stairs into a dimly lit room with eclectic artwork was pretty cool. But if the food is mediocre, the review is still 3 stars. I came with a group of 6 and we were seated quickly. We ordered the wings, corn dogs, and crab cakes for appetizers- the pork belly wasn't available much to our disappointment. Of those three, I liked the wings the best. The appetizers overall were pretty good but the entrees were so .... bland!  My bf and I had the lamb and beer pie which was just bland and overcooked. Our friends had the duck and pork and they weren't too happy with theirs either. The only plus about this place were the drinks. The drinks were classic craft cocktails and we could tell they were made with care. The next time we come back, it'll probably be only for these drinks.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,5/29/2014,94,46,5,5,4>So finally after about a three weeks of planning to visit this bakery, my wife and I finally made it to "Beyond Glazed" (say that like the "Space...The Final Frontier" voice), I say like that because after coming here I've realized these donuts are kinda out of this world.So if you take off all the goodness on top of the doughnut, I'm not sure it would be better than any other doughnut shop, but the toppings really make these donuts amazing. I would consider these more CAKES then donuts because it's the toppings that make them so good. I ate the Gourmet S'more doughnut and it was honestly so good. I had trouble biting it because it was so tall. I had some of my wife's German Chocolate doughnut and enjoyed the coconut topping it came with.The cashier recommended the Maple Bacon doughnut and I'll be getting that next time. Also, I wish this place was open later, that would be the best! They close at 6 p.m. on weekdays and at 9 p.m. on Friday and Saturday night.Ambiance:This place would be perfect for a date night. It's located in the heart of Sugar House, it has a clean feeling, and there are a few places to sit down.Price:$2 per doughnut, kinda steep for a single doughnut, but considering it's a gourmet doughnut and how good they taste, it's a fair price.Donut vs. Doughnut?I've grown up spelling it "doughnut" but my wife says it's spelled "donut". Is there a right and wrong way to spell it? I need to know.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,2/13/2011,28,8,6,6,6>Saw what I thought was a taco stand on the way to Grandma's house and Yelped it when I got home.  I was thrilled to read Christian W's review.  Somehow it gave me the go-ahead to try it out. So thanks!  I ordered the Pabellon, the In and Out and the simple ham and cheese.  The man working there said it would be about 10 minutes (it was about 11:30am.)  I sat down to wait in the two camp chairs they have set out.  When paying, he asked how I heard about his business.  Maybe I was not their usual customer, whatever that means, for him to ask me! I was happy to answer that I had seen his business and that I checked Yelp for a review.  He had no clue what I was talking about but seemed pleased.So the food.  My dining companion and I were giggling about the kitchen sink aspect of these gordita/sandwiches.  The In and Out had chicken, beef, shrimp, potato salad, mixed veggies and probably other stuff all on the pita-y type buns/bread.  Not sure how to describe it but I do know that all of us who ate lunch enjoyed it.  I saw South American Hot Chocolate on the menu and tried to order it but they only serve it after 4pm.  I do believe I will try it Arepas In and Out again.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,2/12/2011,41,112,5,12,5>Out of the two piano bars in SLC, Tavernacle is the better of the two.  It's much smaller, so the crowd is a lot more involved.  Exactly what you want in a piano bar.  Tavernacle's piano players will play the majority of the song...a complaint that I've always had at Keys on Main.  Go to Tavernacle if...A) You're taking an out-of-towner out for the evening.  B) It's 11:30 already, you need to get drunk and happy pronto (bartender is super fast and there's not a huge line).  Shots + Singing = Good Time.  C) You need a place to grab a beer at 5PM in the afternoon.  D) You're in the mood to belt out some Bon Jovi tunes at the top of your lungs.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/11/2011,45,107,,6,6>Oh baby, oh baby..... I love Bombay House. Service is great, food is great, drinks are great. Probably the best Saag Paneer I've had. Ever. The Tika Masala and the Vegetable Korma are also flavorful and bold. The Rose Lhasi, a yogurt and rosewater drink, is also amazing. I highly recommend this place.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,2/10/2011,24,80,4,6,4>This is my kind of Mexican restaurant.  The food is superb, the menu is huge, the staff is friendly and unlike other authentic Mexican restaurants around, I'm looking at you multicolored lizard restaurants, its clientele is mostly Mexican.  I know I've said it before but its a critical piece of advice, the first sign of a good authentic ethnic food restaurant is when I'm the only white person there.  The second sign is when the wait staff does not speak very good English.  If you find yourself in a place with those two attributes, your most likely in for a treat.  El Paisa is no exception.  Its wonderful.  My favorite dish is the molcajete which is meat, chicken and optional shrimp in a sour green sauce with onions and peppers.  Its served with beans and rice and tortillas.  Skip the flour tortillas and go traditional with the corn tortillas.  Its delicious and I have never had it anywhere else.  I believe the word molcajete refers to the giant stone bowl the dish is served in which is surface of the sun hot.  the molcajetes are priced for 2 people but they are willing to make one for a single person if you ask.  You should also ask for the red hot sauce, it is fiery and delicious!Another must try at El Paisa is the chili verde.  I loathe to admit it, but its actually better than my own chili verde.  But I will persevere despite this affront to my dignity because I can always go to El Paisa and eat their chili verde!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2011,2/9/2011,48,385,3,3,2>$2 for a pretty good cookie.  It would taste better if it were baked traditionally instead of one of those moving conveyer ovens. To me, cookies baked in a closed oven seems to taste better than that easy bake oven looking thing they use.   Didnt notice the day old bag until I had paid and was leaving.  Ill look for that the next time Im at "the mall"They lost a full star for NOT validating... Shame on you!!!!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,2/8/2011,30,38,,3,4>I got the blunt bob of my dreams, and I owe it to Courtney at Malstrom Salon!The icing on the cake? Highlights that liven up my hair while appearing completely natural. Not an easy feat, and having survived some horrid highlights in my day, I should know.  :)In short, Courtney rocks. In fact, so does the whole salon. It exudes a friendly, welcoming, non-judgmental vibe. Stylists pass by and compliment your cut or start up conversations. Plus, you simply cannot beat the lovely aromas of Aveda products. If you need a new look for the holidays, call up Malstrom and ask for Courtney. You will NOT be disappointed.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,2/7/2011,51,101,5,5,3>1) Open 24/7 (Saves drunken souls late-night on a regular basis)2) Delicious orange soda (refills check)3) Fast and friendly (they humor my terrible Spanish) P.S. I am not sure how I would feel about this joint sober, but it is honestly not an option. It is the late night equivalent of "heaven" in my mind and I would like to keep it that way.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2010,2/6/2011,78,238,3,6,2>Yum.  Cute place, great toppings.  I got the maple bacon (everything is just better with bacon) and the key lime.  Sadly they brought out the s'more donut after I bought my first two, and I couldn't do another.   I found the choices very creative and fun.  Enjoyed the older man, who was friendly and helpful, and asked me how I liked my choices.  Good experience.  I think each fancy donut was $1.50.  Rather pricey for this bargain-girl, but great for a treat.________________Update:Another day, another donut or two..  this time we were bringing donuts back to wok, and i had a chance to try a few different types.  We got coconut cream, lemon cream, s'mores and red velvet and did some splitting and cutting to make sure we all got tastes.  my friend's choice of lemon cream was by far the winner.  the red velvet was a cake donut that had seen moister days, and tho they were all tasty, the lemon cream was to die for.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,2/5/2011,56,50,2,3,5>There are seven locations spread out across the Salt Lake valley but this one is my favorite because I work downtown. Crown Burger prepares all of their items made-to-order so it may take a bit longer than McDonald's but they have a great system, both inside and at the drive-thrus, so that everyone moves along and gets fresh, hot burgers, fries, onion rings and the like.The namesake burger is a cheeseburger topped with lots of thick-sliced pastrami. Another hands-down winner here is the bacon cheeseburger which features hearty, greasy slabs of bacon. Most of the burgers come with the typical lettuce, onion and tomato in addition to fry sauce. Fry sauce is also complimentary with the fries and onion rings, of which the latter are very addictive.Unfortunately, Crown Burger isn't open on Sundays.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2010,2/4/2011,45,58,,4,4>This was a great stop for a quick and cheap lunch. The lunch specials come with a lot of food and the price is just right at $8.  I had the panang curry and terriayki pork. Yup you get to pick 2 entree choices for the lunch combo. The curry was sweet with a nice heat behind it. The pork was tender but the presentation was a bit unappealing. It was sort of an unrecognizable slab of meat but it tasted good.  Combo came with the two entrees, jasmine rice, spring roll and a salad. The salad was delightful.  It was served with a yummy peanut sauce dressing that made me think of a peanut butter vinaigrette. It also had cut grapes, strawberries and apples mixed in.  nice.Each meal also comes with a small dessert.  The day we were there the dessert was tapioca in warm coconut milk. Yummy!I give this place 3 stars because the service was a bit slow and kind of unfriendly.  Overall though it was a nice lunch.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,8/25/2011,89,25,1,9,7>Go here.  Now.  Order the mole, the deshebrada plate, the ceviche, the everything.  Eat until your stomach hurts and then eat more.Autentica is a total dive and you should opt for to-go if you're uncomfortable sitting in a stiff, cracked formica booth.  Dining room is tiny, and I've only been in the winter so I'm not sure if they have air conditioning.  They sometimes cook with the back door of the kitchen open, so you may have to swat the occasional fly.All of this is worth it, and for me, only enhances Autentica's charm.  This unpretentious spot puts out consistently solid (and cheap!) traditional, rustic Mexican plates.  Truly soulful home-cooking at its best.  Please share your thoughts after visiting.  Autentica deserves your attention.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,8/24/2011,210,1036,,5,3>Crown Burger in downtown Salt Lakes is a great place to grab a quick lunch. Make your tummy hungry with a delicious bacon cheeseburger, french fries, and a chocolate milkshake to wash it all down. Although we have a lot of burger places in Utah Crown Burger is one of my favorites. Their food is much better than other restaurants and they are quick too, even though everything is made-to-order.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,8/23/2011,118,169,3,10,8>Here's a place I can definitely thank Yelp for. I never, in a million years would have stopped here if I were just driving by. The building is tiny and run down and the parking lot, well, we (me and friend/fellow yelper Miranda W) knew to keep our eyes open and still almost missed it.But, stepping tentatively inside, we found a large Asian family (large meaning the number, not the size, of the people, although either would be a good sign) happily chowing down on a variety of dinner entrees. Nothing inspires more confidence in authenticity I think.There was also a kid sitting at a fold out table right in the middle of the room snapping green beans, which, you know, was weird. Apparently there's not a lot of space in the kitchen.The menu is a little overwhelming, with hundreds of options, and not laid out in a very clear way. So, since Yelp had gotten us this far we decided to try out some of the other reviewers' recommendations. Miranda went with the Pon-Pon chicken as a meal combo and I tried the egg plant/pork hot pot.I'm pretty sure we both secretly thought that we had ordered the better thing, so I guess that means we did a good job! Although I really did enjoy the flavor of her chicken as well.I have never had such perfectly cooked, tasty eggplant, nor have a seen such a large pot of food and bowl of rice in front of me, just for me! No way I could eat all of that, and it was less than $9. The eggplant was the main part of the dish, the pork was cute into little tiny strips, which is PERFECT for a veggie lover like me. Also, there was a big piece of cabbage(?) down in the middle of the pot, stewed in delicious juices. It was even very tasty as leftovers.The service was better than expected. We were seated and given water and menus right away, they came to take our orders sooner than we were ready, and did answer some questions about the menu. Our waters stayed full. It was never much a 'service with a smile' feeling, more like, 'my dad says I have to', but the components were all there.I surprised myself and decided I would definitely go back.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,8/22/2011,159,264,,9,7>We had the opportunity to dine at Zy during the preview this week and I have to say that I was quite impressed with decor, service and meal. All was exceptional and it I look forward to heading back again and again for lunch and dinner.We started our dinner at the small bar at the front while waiting for the rest of our party to join us.  This is the cheese counter and you can select from a plate of 3 or 5 types of cheese.  According to Chef Matt the selection of cheeses will change, but this day we had a fine selection of local cheeses and a great assortment from Italy, Spain and France.  Every cheese we tasted were well selected and delicious.  If I had one complaint, it was that the Tartufo was a little too Truffly.  A bit like the artificial taste of most Truffle oils.  That said, I enjoyed it all.When we moved to our table we selected 4 appetizers to share at our table.  The Chorizo Meatballs were a savory hit and the Scallops with Almond Curry and Red Wine reduction were perfectly prepared and an ingenious combination.    Our entrees arrived and we tried the Lamb, Hangar Steak and Halibut.  Again, all were expertly prepared, properly seasoned and never over salted like you so often see.  Again, I enjoyed every dish.   Since we had four in our party, we sampled all four of the deserts available that evening and the Tres Leches Cake was the hit of table.  Properly moist and authentic, it was topped with a spread of dark chocolate and strawberries.  Delicious.  The Cobbler wasn't a huge hit, but was good and the Creme Brulee and Mango Pudding with Strawberries were light and delicious. The great thing about Zy is that it is joining a group of amazing restaurants to recently open in Salt Lake and there is plenty of room for this place. It stands on it's own and is not a copy of anything else.  It is an excellent option that will satisfy a particular craving.  I welcome Chef Mathew Lake to the Salt Lake City scene!Reservations are taken and recommended here.  They will be busy, so book them now!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,8/21/2011,6,24,8,7,3>Woe is the fate of my waistline now that I've taken up residence in Tulie's neighborhood.  The buttery zephyr that drifts over my street every morning is pure Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Child Catcher evil.  Frighteningly alluring, teasing me toward dangerous scrumptiousness.  The only thing more fabulous than their pain au chocolate or croissants des amandes are those goddamned Saturday morning beignets with a cup of cafe au lait.   (Come and get your lollipops, little children!)A friend who is unfortunately indentured-servituded to a family bakery in East Millcreek (which shall remain nameless) told me once I'd only like Tulie if I liked "things burnt."  Yes, yes!  I love things burnt if that's what Tulie peddles!  The truth is that the bakers here know a thing or two about how butter and flour caramelize and give their dough extra time in the oven to get to that magical moment.  The result is a deep golden tone that'll remind you of pastries in Paris, not East Millcreek. Luckily, Tulie's tiny shop is even better than an Old World haunt.  It's a fresh and modern space with simple decor that keeps your eyes on the contents of the counter case.   There are a few chairs and stools, if you can make it to a table before devouring your slice of lemon teacake.One of these days I'll have to move away for the sake of my health--and my sanity.  It'll be brutal letting go.  Probably something like giving up crack.  But in the meantime, I'm gleefully enslaved to this fantastic new neighbor.  Lock me up in Hushaby Mountain: I'll sell my soul for flaky pastry.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,8/20/2011,35,65,5,5,4>I have upgraded my opinion of Little Dave's after making the realization that it is not called Little Dave's Cheesesteaks and is instead called Little Dave's Deli. the discovery of menu items that are not a steak sandwich helped open my mind's eye and let the general glory of Little Dave's deliciousness shine through.simply put, my turkey sandwich was really really good. the turkey was good, the other stuff on it was good, and most importantly, the roll was good with a nice and crunchy outside and a soft inside. it briefly made me pine for Eastern Pennsylvania (AKA home of tasty sandwiches) until I returned to reality and acknowledged that outside of the sandwiches, Eastern Pennsylvania is a mostly terrible place. while it is not my first choice for a cheesesteak, it does rank high on the list of places to get a sandwich. the skin on-fries are also a plus as is the presence of a drive-thru (see my prior review for details).
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,8/19/2011,245,216,5,8,7>I love just about everything about the Pie Hole.The staff is always really friendly and helpful. They are quick to tell you about the different pizzas and the specials. I love the specials! Can you really say no to $1 beer? or two slices and a drink for $5?The pizza itself is quite tasty. I have had quite a few different kinds and the only one that I was disappointed with was the thai chicken. It was a little dry for my taste and I was hoping for a peanut sauce. The dryness could have been because it was later in the night. I love that they are open so late. It's exactly what downtown Salt Lake needed. There's nothing better than eating a tasty slice (or two) when you've been out all night with your friends. There's a certain charm about the paper plates with sharpie for signs, the PBR can towers, and creepy art on the walls.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,8/18/2011,48,57,16,14,13>Before I begin I should disclose a conflict of interest: I am in a long-term relationship with delicious food. Consequently it is difficult for me to remain completely rational when I am confronted with tastiness of this magnitude. But I will do my best to remain objective.Anyplace that drapes its patrons in protective plastic sheets is going be either awful or awesome. Bucket O' Crawfish is the latter. You have your choice of seafood type, sauce flavor, spiciness, and volume of food. Your food will arrive in a saucy boiler bag alongside a bucket for the inevitable inedible bits. Your utensils are your fingers, and your plate is the plastic-clad table-top. If you feel the need to request more traditional eating implements, you are doing it wrong. Our group shared batches of cajun crawfish, cajun snow crab, garlic-butter shrimp, and lemon-pepper clams; all at medium spiciness. All were excellent, as were the cajun fries.  The sauce does manage to migrate a bit, but it is surprisingly unsticky, so the bibs and napkins can hold back the saucy tide until a more robust washing apparatus becomes available. Naked forearms are recommended.It would be nice if BoC offered wine as an alternative to beer, though it would be difficult to prevent wine glasses from becoming coated in sauce. Perhaps some nice opaque goblets would do the trick.Ask your server for a marker and they'll let you contribute to the monochrome pseudograffiti adorning all of the walls.Note: My original rating was six stars, but I reduced the score by one star to counterbalance my aforementioned conflict of interest.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,8/17/2011,65,59,4,6,3>After seeing the Kouing Aman featured on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" on the Food Network, I decided to give it a try.  The Neelys (from Down Home with the Neelys) are probably one of my least relatable food celebs because their Southern soul-style doesn't hold much appeal for me personally.  But when Gina Neely likened this pastry to crack (because of it's high degree of addictiveness) I knew it was worth a shot.  Oh.My.Gosh.It IS crack!!!It has this crisp sugar-glazed crunch outside that breaks way to this buttery, flakey, mouth-watering layered pastry.  You cannot stop eating it.  It's almost caramel-y and glaz-y.  It's crunchy and gooey.  It's everything I could ever want in a pastry.Or at least I thought it was... until I tried the carrot cake cookie.It is perfection.  It has the most perfectly sweetened (not at all overly sweet) creamy cream cheese filling sandwiched between these crispy-on-on-the-outside, chewy in the middle carrot cake cookies.  It's served cold and it's buttery, chewy, crispy, creamy perfection (I used that word twice it's so good).I'm pretty sure they serve it in heaven.I have had a  few other things there that were all good, but nothing compares to the above mentioned delicacies.  All the pastries and cookies are Martha Stewart beautiful and you could never go wrong bringing a box to work, or home, or to a friend, or, well...anywhere.Lots of people love their oriental chicken salad wrap - I thought it was bland and lacked the brighter flavors of cilantro, soy, and ginger that I would expect from a chicken salad wrapped in rice paper.The chicken salad was not my idea of perfection, thus bringing Les Madeleines down one star but if I were judging it on pastry alone, five stars all the way baby.They do run out of the most popular items fairly often so go early or call the day before and see if they'll hold some for you.Grab your stretchy pants and go eat.  That's right.  I'm feeding your addiction.  Literally.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,8/16/2011,139,132,2,10,6>Love love love this upscale deli!!! I had the chance to try it out this past Friday and its a lovely addition to the 9th & 9th area. This place oozes quality: from the great ingredients to their excellent selection of beverages, honey, chocolate, and other goods. NOTE: The sandwiches are Ginormous, but they offer all of them in 1/2 portions, which is awesome. I had a 1/2 Reuben and it was delicious. Although I really wish they would have grilled the bread. Minor disappointment *and I'm pretty sure I could have asked for it grilled. The sandwiches come with a side of macaroni salad and a great pickle spear. The macaroni is rich without being heavy and a nice extra bite or 5 of something.They have a small children's menu and my son had the grilled cheese. They do not skimp on the cheese at all- if anything its a little too much. So, cheese lovers this is for you.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/7/2014,105,420,3,14,6>What a surprise. I saw this on Yelp and needed to come. It's in a mid level hotel.  We're so desperate for anything new and even hopefully good in the valley, I was right there to try it out with my wife.The short review is that this is probably the best casual dining restaurant in the Valley.The decor is clean and minimalist. The prices are in line with all the dreadful casual dining chains that fill the valley. The food we had was excellent. We have been here for breakfast and lunch. We will be back to try dinner. We both went for a "standard" choice of burger and fries. Making a good burger is a difficult thing to do. Theirs was excellent. There is no casual dining, or fast food restaurant, in the valley that does one this well. I've been disappointed that Smashburger has had to be the gold standard -- until now. The fries were really good, although the sauce to dip them in didn't do it for either of us. The desert was a peach cobbler made with local peaches. They really tasted fresh. The breakfast was similar in price to Village Inn. It is good. The place makes you feel real relaxed on a Sunday morning. The coffee was good when drunk black. That's saying something.They are open Sunday. They do breakfast, lunch and dinner. They do not have a liquor license, so I won't be doing dinner for a while. They plan on getting one. No doubt Chili's and Outback will still be packed out the door and Tamarack will not be full. That's a shame. This place is better.Skip the rest unless you really want a play by play on the meat they serve, and the burger.They make a big deal about the meat being from Creekstone Farms. Creekstone is a real anomaly. It's not boutique and farm to table in the way most trendy fine dining restaurants define it. However, it really separates itself from modern large scale factory farming. It's a mid sized guy.They supply meat to everywhere from Shake Shack (in NYC) to Michelin starred restaurants. They sued the USDA to be able to do more testing on the meat than the law required -- and lost. Now quality of meat only means so much. There are plenty of places that can ruin even more prestigious meat than this.In Utah it seems you can put any flavorless beef on a bun with a lot of toppings and if the toppings are good, it's considered a great burger. The reality is that a good burger should taste like beef and the meat is as big a deal as a nice steak. What cuts go into it for good flavor. Is it ground loose, or packed hard? Does it have to be cooked all the way through because it was ground at a factory farm, or can it be cooked less than well done? These all matter. How is it cooked?I've put several pictures of the nitty gritty. We asked for medium rare to rare. That's how it came out. The meat tasted wonderful. They still got a good crust on it too. There was just the right amount of salty seasoning. The bun fits the meat, it's soft, but still holds up to the juices. Perfect.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,10/6/2014,38,93,1,7,5>Still a fan after a year! Owners and workers are super nice and that is one of the reasons we keep coming back despite the distance from our home....also for the freshly fried tofu.This store has so many variety of spices from Vietnamese, Thai, Chinese to Indian food! The spice section is very clean and I can spend hours there marveling in the different spices and sauces they have!After reading a fellow yelper's review I checked the expiration date on every item and have not encountered a single item that is overdue. Maybe I am not buying the same stuff as him but did spend hours in the store...yes, I enjoy grocery shopping that much...even more than the mall :)
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,10/5/2014,63,274,4,5,4>After being told Penny Ann's café is one place you just have to try, and then after reading the multitude of just amazing reviews clearly a visit was in order.  My biggest fear was it would not live up to the hype.So here it is - color me converted, I get it, I'm convinced, the hype is warranted and so it gives me pleasure to give Penny Ann's a well earned 5 star review!Hopefully that is enough to convince others to come and try this place.  If you are really lucky it will also spare you from reading the rest of my review ;)This place reminds me of European Cafés, it's quaint and rather compact - and I mean both in overall size and the density of the seating, and while sometimes I find that a little uncomfortable these days the friendly service provided by this wonderful family owned business makes you feel straight at home.The food speaks for itself, there is something here for everyone and I'm sure anyone going here will soon find their personal favorite.  Just to throw out a couple of favorites of me and the wife, on the specialities part of the menu are Pot of gold and Penny Pot Potatoes.  These are both delectable.  These (and most things) also come with the famous Heavenly Hot Cakes and by the power vested in my ability to type reviews let me say they live up to that name.  I swear after eating them I die and live in the afterlife for about 4 hours.  It gives one a real sense of hope for the future of life kind!Service here is great in all aspects and they do well handling what is a very busy and tricky to navigate environment.  As well as your main server you will also find a barrage of people keeping you constantly topped up on coffee and water and checking how things are.So there it is.  Stop reading now, step into the car, and start driving to Penny Ann's!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,10/4/2014,64,99,5,8,6>I can say I was excited for the opening of Beer Bar because it is always good to see new adult drink and food options in downtown Salt Lake City.  Beer Bar is a bar first and restaurant second.  This review is just a introduction to Beer Bar that I am sure will grow over the next few months.  The food items at Beer Bar are a result of Viet Pham (former chef at Forage) and Chef Frody Volgger, (butcher at Caputo's Market).  If you have been to either of their restaurants, you will be expecting a lot.First, Beer Bar has a large selection of beer (20-30 draft and over 100 in bottles).  Beer is organized by type and more specifically temperature on their menu.  I found a good selection of beers that are normally more difficult to get at other establishments in SLC with the exception of the Bayou and the Beer Hive.  They have everything from pale ales, ciders, belgians, sours, stouts, and even gluten free beers.  They also have three beer cocktails and a wine list.  I found this welcoming as I didn't expect them to have wine.  This place though is about the beer and what else would you expect from a place called Beer Bar.  A nice touch is that Each beer is served in a glass that is unique to the style of beer. Second, Beer bar features a fairly large selection of sausages and bratwursts with six different toppings (choose two: sauerkraut, chimichurri, spicy peppers, sweet peppers, caramelized onions) and the option to add fries ($4) or a side salad ($2).  Sausages range from $6.50 to $12 for the ruben.  Most of them are between $6.60-$8 which may be a little pricey when paired with fries and a beer.  Additionally, they have a salad. I have tried the lamb and herb, elk, and buffalo with chipotle brat.  I found each sausage very flavorful, not greasy, and well balanced.  They are a little smaller than expected, but with fries you do not feel overly stuffed.  The bun is from Eva's bakery and I really enjoyed it.  The toppings are very well done and do not take away from the unique flavors of each sausage.  At the tables (communal style, picnic style), there are options of dijon, whole seed, and stand mustard which is a nice option.  To go with the fries, Beer Bar offers ten aioli and ketchups.  My favorite thus far is the cumin aioli, but i did enjoy the curry and chipotle aioli.  They also have plain ketchup and fry sauce for the unadventurous.  I really enjoyed the fries and found them nicely salted and actually some of my favorite fries in SLC.  Finally, for those that are not into the communal scene, sausages can be bought and taken home if you prefer to cook them at home.            Beer Bar offers a single dessert, an apple strudel, which leaves much to be desired.  It was fairly bland and not on par with the rest of the offerings of Beer Bar.  Finally, Beer Bar will be offering a Sunday brunch that will offer items not currently on the menu.  When I asked, they didn't have any specifics as the menu was still being developed, but the individual gave an example that poutine will be on the menu.  Ordering at Beer Bar has offered two different experiences.  It is a little confusing as there are options to order food by the sausage case and another times at the bar.  But the second time I went, I couldn't order where I did before.  I assume this is due to it being their first week, but I would like to see a more straightforward and consistent way of ordering food and drinks. The atmosphere of Beer Bar reminds me sort of a baseball stadium with a beer hall that serves high end beers and brats.  The majority of the seating is communal with picnic tables and a small section of more private seating. There is seating outside which I think will be great during the summer.  Also, they have two TVs (via projection) which might be nice for sporting events.  If you are in the mood for more high end cocktails, you can go in and out of Bar X via an entrance within Beer Bar.  I foresee that the customer base will be fairly the same clientele at Bar X. The bathroom was clean as expected with the sinks outside of the restroom which I found interesting.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the food and beer.  Overall, I found Beer Bar an interesting and promising addition to the SLC restaurant and bar scene.  The food is a little expensive for what you get, but this is primarily a bar with beers that are generally hard to find in SLC.  I think there is a lot of room to grow for Beer Bar and I look forward to what they have in store in the future.  I would like to see a few more food items on the menu.  So during a lunch break or during a night on the town, swing by Beer Bar for a brat and beer and let me know what you think.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,10/3/2014,53,77,6,8,6>Bangkok Terrace is, dare I say, the best Thai food in Salt Lake City. I absolutely and completely friggin' LOVE this place. Really adorable family-owned/run Thai restaurant that opened not too long ago. Their service alone is 5 stars, always good-natured and even humorous, plus they are great at giving recommendations. If you frequent the restaurant, they might even give you free stuff! I remember when we went every week, we once got an appetizer on the house.As far as the food quality goes, to quote that old SNL skit "I love it, I love it, I love it!" Their Massaman curry is really excellent and has a bit of a kick to it. Their appetizers are all for the most part very good. I also really like their noodle dishes, especially the Pad See Ew. I always get something different here, one time I got the Shanghai salad or whatever. It's a really weird choice, the noodles are unlike anything I have had before. The one thing they really deliver on his spice. If you want spicy Thai food, this is the place for you.I know I must sound like a gushing school girl at this point....More than anything, the five stars is just for service. Try chatting the waitstaff up, they are very friendly and make the experience. Also, this place never seems to be crowded which means you get your food really quickly. Definitely in my top 5 of SLC.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,10/2/2014,36,128,3,10,7>I don't know if we just came on a freaking awesome Saturday night or if this place is always killing it on Saturdays, but this place was the sheets! I didn't really know what to expect, but I was amazed.I made reservations online about 2 weeks in advance. You don't really need to make them so far in advance, I just already had planned my weekend out. The show started at 9:00pm, but they recommended us to get there by 8:30pm, so we did. Street parking was very easy to find. There was a $5 cover charge, that I didn't know about, but hey it's just $5. Before the main show, there is a pianist playing and taking song requests. The main show is 2 pianist playing face to face and taking song requests by tip. They have the ability to play just about any song. Bring CA$H because that's what gets your songs played.The best is when the entire crowd joins in to sing. We got lucky that our night was filled with 5 big groups that really set the stage for drunken sing-a-longs.They have a pretty short drink menu, but they have a full bar. The drinks were about $6-$9, but I swear I drank way more than my bill of $66.Our waitress Bailey was the best. She was very sweet, professional, friendly, and beautiful. Great location, vibes, drinks, entertainment, and company. Tips:Go Online: MAKE RESERVATIONS!!! No Kitchen, But they do offer 2 menus from the eateries next door.Bring Cash.Don't be shy.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,10/1/2014,48,176,3,6,2>Brunch? For dinner? Yes please.It's all been covered by other Yelpers but I am going to give a special shout out to the Pork Belly Benedict.  It's different, it's yummy, and something better than I ever could have expected. Eggs, toast, pork belly, Kale, and sauce.  The sauce is a little sweet but is offset by the Kale and creates a very dynamic flavor.The hashbrowns on the side are no joking matter and tasty as well. Definitely not the O'Brien your dad used to cook on Sunday mornings and something you don't get everywhere else.Next on the list will be the chicken and waffles. I can't wait!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,9/30/2014,80,97,3,3,4>We came here with friends. We all really enjoyed the green bean appetizer as well as the fresh spring rolls. My pork banh mi was huge and delicious! I was only able to eat half. I took the other half home and had it for lunch the next day. Because the bread was a nice, crispy baguette it was still very much edible the next day (most sandwiches I don't bother attempting to eat the next day). Everyone else had noodle salads and raved about how delicious they were. For dessert we had sticky rice with mango and they were very well executed. Even though I was full I really wanted to lick the dish to get every last drop of coconut milk.Service was spot on. Our server was fabulously friendly and knowledgeable. One of our party has food allergies and our server was very helpful about letting us know what would be okay for her to eat. We will definitely be back soon!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,9/29/2014,37,57,,6,4>I am impressed by Copper Bowl and must say I'm surprised it hasn't taken off more. In my opinion, the food is every bit as good as other Indian places in town, such as Bombay House, but unlike Bombay House, the wait staff is very polite and helpful and you don't have to wait 30 minutes for a table (for now).My group shared two curries - a korma and a tikka masala - both were very good and worth getting again. We also got one of the tandoor chicken dishes based on our sever's recommendation (I believe it was called nutka) and it was excellent. The naan was also good, but it's kind of hard to mess up. I'll definitely be going back and I'd recommend you check it out too.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,9/28/2014,14,245,1,3,3>Excellent Philly cheese steak sandwich.  I ordered a regular with Swiss cheese and no veggies, it was cooked fresh after ordering and was ready in less than five minutes.  The meat was plentiful, tender, and well flavored with tasty seasonings.  The bread they use has a very good chew, not to soft and not to hard and it is in perfect proportion to the meat.  I ordered the 7 inch sandwich which was plenty of food, in the neighborhood of a pound.  The sandwich came in a combo with chips and a drink for 8 bucks, heck of a deal for an awesome sandwich.The payment system at Vito's is interesting, you order, he tells you how much it is you put the money in a slot or basket and take your change.  It is a very effective system if you are prepared, I had a Ten dollar bill that I threw it in the basket grabbed two bucks and the whole payment process took 2 seconds, can't beat that.  Down side, you must have cash.I would rank the sandwich at Vito's very near the top or at top of all the Philly's I have had in Utah, I highly recommend it.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,9/14/2011,133,115,3,3,3>I stuck to my guns regarding my first review. Actually, at first I was going to cut a corner and get a fish burrito combo. The guy taking my order looked at me like I was an idiot. I'm such a Lonestar newb, there's no fish burrito combo. The rice and beans are already in the burrito, why would you want more rice and beans? Because that's how I roll, damnit! So I took my own advice and made like a pregnant lady and ordered for 2. Then the guy looked at me like I'm some kind of glutton. I explained that the fish burrito was coming home with me. The fish of the day was red snapper, and man, I'm glad it was. It was freaking terrific. I don't think I could ever do the drive through here because I love the salsa bar too much. The salsa is fresh and they have the most unique hot sauce I've ever tasted. A very pungent garlic flavored red sauce with a plethora of mysterious ingredients.  It's not as hot as I would like but maybe that's the way it has to be to indulge in the full range of flavors.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,9/13/2011,136,248,3,5,6>Seriously how does this place get 3 stars?? I think some people under judge because they want a cheesecake factory experience and some elegant donut and when you walk in this place you feel like it was decorated in 1982. Anyway, i think they make some mean donuts. I love em, truly i love them. The glazed, the sugar, THE BUTTERMILK, the maple man they just have a really awesome dough. The donuts are super soft inside and melt in your mouth. The buttermilk is moist and dense and has a fantastic taste to it. They sell milk of course to slam it with some donuts. They actually do have deli type food but that's not why i go there. It's a bit ghetto and old but come one it's part of the experience and people should stop under reviewing cause they just don't catch the vision sometimes.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,9/12/2011,41,112,7,6,5>The Park is the best breakfast place, hands down.  Everyone knows how good a big breakfast makes you feel, so I'll just say it cured my hangover...which speaks volumes.  Line can be long at times, but you're right next to Liberty Park.  Like old people, it's nice to take a stroll after a hearty breakfast.  Recommend if...A) You had more than 6 drinks the night before...B) You woke up next to someone you didn't want to and need some comfort...C) Love people watching...TONS of potential here...D) Just finished a jog at Liberty Park and are looking to replace those calories!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,9/11/2011,106,208,6,8,8>There are a lot of things I find that I love about working downtown, you know, besides the extremely ample parking, the really short lines between the hours of noon and one for lunch spots, and the lack of traffic getting onto I-15 after 4.  My real favorite about working downtown though is all of the cheap food options available (and this isn't sarcastic).  Seriously, just a short walk down South Temple with a couple of my coworkers and I find myself here.  Tacos Hidalgo.  Now, what makes this so special from every other taco cart?  I'm not really sure.  But I do know that they have $1 tacos, with the meats consisting of carne asada, chicken, spicy pork, and shredded pork.  Me being the fatty I am, had to order a taco each of every meat type.  That and I've been craving Mexican food like crazy for the past few days.  Anyways, I found that I loved all of the meats, except for the spicy pork, with the shredded pork being my favorite, and the carne asada coming in a close second.  This place is awesome not only because they warm your tortilla right there when you order, but they have a huge cooler full of all the condiments you could ever want or need.  And I'm talking limes, shredded cabbage, cilantro, pico de gallo, onions, various salsas and the more saucy guacamole.  Normally I am very wary of taco carts, but they seemed very clean and trustworthy.  It's 5 hours after I've consumed my plethora of tacos and I am still good to go, however... I kind of want more.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,9/10/2011,78,130,,8,3>This is an awesome local Salvadorean Restaurant. It's definitely hidden next to an apartment complex so you'll need to keep an eye out for it. I've been here a few times and what I enjoy the most is that it is a traditional salvadorean restaurant. Not only do they offer salvadorean meals such as pupusas but they also offer a variety of bake goods. On my most recent visit I had a pupusa revuelta, which is a mixture of pork, cheese, and beans, and a pupusa de loroco y queso. Both of these were fresh, full of topping, and very delicious. The service is also good, usually it's the owner's son working as a server. The appearance of the restaurant is cozy , nothing fancy but clean with several booths. In general I really enjoy having dinner here and would definitely be back . The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because they have weird hours and it's a little difficult to find.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,9/9/2011,16,84,2,7,3>After having lived in Thailand for some time I have been very fond of Thai cuisine, but not just any Thai cuisine, I prefer authentic Thai cuisine. This place hits the nail on the head!The food here is authentic as it gets without buying a $1000 ticket to fly 8000 miles to Bangkok. The family that owns and operates this little restaurant is from Thailand and it shows. The look and feel of the restaurant is totally Thai. You cannot have a Thai restaurant without a picture of the King and this place has one. I'm sorry, nothing throws off the experience for me than to walk into a Thai restaurant with a sense of identity confusion. This place is not Japanese, not Korean, not Chinese, it is Thai and I love it. :DNow on to the most important part of a restaurant, the food. Thai food is spicy. Since moving back to the states everything tastes bland, I need some spice in my life. This food has it, though they don't often make it as spicy as i would like, but it's still good. I have tried nearly everything on their menu and I love all of it. I don't think there is a single item that I would not recommend and so I have a hard time coming up with favorites. It's like choosing between my right and my left foot, I sort of need both. Listed below are a few of my recommendations:As far as curry is concerned Gaeng Massaman is always a favortie by anyone who goes there, but I will suggest trying the Gaeng Ga Ree (yellow curry), it will blow your mind. Their Paad Gra Prow is amazing, but you should also try the Num Tok.Lots of people love Paad Thai, might I suggest trying the Paad Si-Ew as well. Also, you need to try the Som Taam (papaya salad), it is amazing. Don't just try the things everyone else loves, try something new everytime and trust me, you will enjoy it.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,9/8/2011,47,191,,2,4>We had an early dinner the other night at The Copper Onion. Our expectations were high for our first visit. We were seated near the window and greeted promptly by Angie, our adorable server. After a few questions, the special run-down and her opinions on her favorite dishes, we ordered. We started with the ricotta dumplings. They were as delicious as everyone had told us they were. So much so that we joked when we came back we may order a few plates and just call that dinner. Light and decadent at the same time. We knew we were in for a good meal. He ordered the meatloaf, I decided to enjoy my last day of meat (gave up meat for lent) with some bacon. I ordered the Carbonara. The pasta was done perfectly and I enjoyed the egg, I thought it was a nice touch. It was one of the better ones I've had anywhere (and I order it a lot).The potatoes and veggies that accompanied the meatloaf were interesting and the loaf itself was tender and flavorful. I enjoyed the two bites of the lamb, pork, beef combo and given that he practically licked the plate, he did as well. Our server was attentive and helpful, she went out of her way to make sure we were pleased. I need to come back to try more now that I've seen that this place does live up to expectation and hype.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2011,9/7/2011,123,201,4,6,6>I haven't had their food here, only their boba tapioca drinks and that is what they do best here.They have a large selection of different blended boba drinks from fruity to sweet and specials that they change every now and then. It's a nice meeting place to go with friends (and gossip, haha) to get something that is inexpensive and chilled. So, it's a nice alternative instead of getting frozen yogurt that have been exploding on the scene lately. Out of all of the boba places I have been to, I think this one makes the best drinks.However, it can be hit or miss depending on who makes your drink. Sometimes they can put too much powder making it overbearing or the tapioca balls aren't cooked all the way through so they are a little gritty on the inside.Recently though, they are becoming more consistent with making the drinks so I think they have learned their lessons.Recommendation(s): Thai Tea Blended Boba
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,9/6/2011,165,167,7,8,8>We kind of live here. Date night? Molcasalsa. Quick trip to the store? Molcasalsa. Hungry at random? Molcasalsa.Conveniently located near a snow/skate shop, and another snow/skate shop, and just two freeway exits from our house, this is our go-to spot, if you hadn't guessed.I (extra) love going in the warm months and sitting on the patio late at night.  I love the old school feeling and the fact it isn't trying to be anything but what it is... Simple homemade Mexican food that is REALLY GOOD, served up by a family who loves their business and their customers. The burrito expert in my household has a pretty fixed order: Two bean and cheese burritos with sour cream, and an order of french fries.  Obviously that is good, because that's what he eats at least 5 times a week.  Sometimes he mixes it up and gets a burrito and an enchilada.  The fries are for sure great, but when we get them to eat at home, they hardly ever make it all the way there. I've tried lots of things and I've never been let down.  The 5 rolled tacos special with rice, beans and a drink for $6.50 or so is a great way to go.  I always have them put shredded lettuce on top of the cheese and guacamole because I feel like then I'm having a salad so the fact that I'm eating things that are deep friend and meat filled seems less bad.  Super Chips are another great option.  These are loaded nachos and they are as greasy and delicious as one would expect them to be.  I always end up needing a fork.My current obsession is the fish burrito. Two fried fillets of fish, tarter sauce, cabbage, and salsa on a delicious tortilla. It comes with a lime wedge for squeezing into it.  It is SO GOOD. Probably I need one right now.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,9/5/2011,158,120,3,8,6>My 100th review, oh dear, well a line in a song that sums up Salt Lake Running Co for me , by Cinderella, "Don't know what you've got (til it's gone)" or in my case until you go to a similar store that is not good.  I have used them for years as my guru's of knowledge in the running world.  I once strayed and I will never again.  When I follow their advice and shoes and different running aids, my knees don't hurt and I truly enjoy my daily runs.  They measure and analyze your feet and how you run, they then help you choose a pair of shoes that are perfect for the way you run.  Also if you need advice on running apparel, energy chews, gps devices they always seem to know the latest and greatest.  Also I would definitely recommend signing up on their email list.  You aren't bombarded with emails but you are always kept in the loop on different speciasl or upcoming races!  In my opinion this is the only running store I will ever use again!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,11/21/2010,349,631,1,6,4>After a few more visits, I still find the Chicago Fire Dog to my liking, it tasted spicier than my first try and was not as oily as my first try...  Now it's perfect.  A mild edition of the Fire Dog is available if you are not much of a spicy person.  A few more items were added to the menu, but I didn't get a chance to try them yet.They also started opening an hour late until 7pm this month and offering a 15% discount after 6pm, which allows me to pick up a late hot dog when I'm running late~  Given the recent improvements, a 5 star rating is well deserved.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/20/2010,48,47,2,5,2>Pago has never disappointed.  I've had dinner at least four times and brunch once. The first time I ate there I didn't have a reservation but since then I've been turned away twice when I've shown up without one. They're nice about turning people away. They usually recommend going to Mazza down the street which is not a bad second choice (or first choice, for that matter).I remember my first appetizer at Pago: a beet and goat cheese salad. It was superb.  I remember my first entree: The risotto-stuffed quail. They were wonderful.Most recently I went with friends for the special Halloween 3-course pumpkin dinner. Once seated our waiter informed us that, due to the unforeseen demand, they had run out of the entree. We were understandably disappointed. But several minutes later he returned to announce that they had exactly two specials left and we could have them. The third at our table wanted the truffle burger instead so it turned out perfectly. The velvety pumpkin soup was a nice start to the meal. The pumpkin gnocchi was truly wonderful, but then I made the mistake of tasting the truffle burger: Too amazing to call heaven, it was like the temptations of Satan glistening red on a bun. (My friend ordered it rare.) Patty, fries, and caramelized onions all bathed in truffle oil. (Ketchup was not even offered.) I'll be ordering that next time. Corkage: $15 (If I remember right)
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,11/19/2010,65,59,7,14,7>Sigh.  I'm in love.  Not your average every day crush, but full blown head-over-heels, dreaming of when we can meet again love.  Even worse, I'm not sure which sushi chef I like better.  You know what?  It doesn't even matter because at Sakana I can have it all.Sakana opened up some time ago and I remember when I saw it for the very first time.  It was NOT love at first sight.  "Sushi in Jordan Landing?  I don't think so.  Not gonna be good, my friend."  No spark.  Not attracted.  Didn't even bother.  Several months after our initial meeting, a mutual friend tried to hook us up.  Now, I trust her opinion on all matter sushi, but still...we didn't live all that close, I didn't see Sakana on a regular basis.  It was an out of sight, out of mind thing.But tonight, I wanted to try something new.  I was feeling fickle.  I'd been to the old sushi haunts.  It was same ol' same ol'.  Plus I wanted that new feeling.  So we headed out to Sakana.We were greeted by a cheerful hostess who promptly seated us at the sushi bar.  And the courting began.First, they wooed us a complimentary app of edamame.  (this is a sushi bar only gift).  We had just met and they were already showering me with a free app.  Not too shabby Sakana.  Not a bad start at all.We ordered.  And ordered.  And ordered some more.And here's what we got:Hotty roll:  This was the first roll we got.   It was on the special board and special it was.  Tuna, asparagus, salmon, avocado, lime, jalepeno,  Creamy, smooth, zippy, puckery, and a hint of spice in just the most perfect harmony of flavors.  I think there was a sauce too.  We asked for ours to be wrapped in cucumber instead of seaweed.  It was served on skewers, lollipop style.  It was tasty, pretty, and whimsical.  This is my new favorite roll.  Didn't even dip it in soy/wasabi.  Didn't need it.  It was that good.Pink Flamingo - Shrimp tempura (we subbed non-tempurad shrimp), spicy crab, and asparagus topped with roasted tomatoes and eel sauce - delish.  Fresh tasting beautifully balanced flavors.  Also left off the soy/wasabi mixture.  Spicy Tuna, Avocado, green onion, cucumber - This is my own personal creation.  I always love it.  Tonight was no exception.G2 Roll - Yellowtail, cucumber, avocado topped with white tuna, fresh garlic, ponzu sauce and green onion - wha-hat?  Fresh garlic in sushi?  AMAZING.  Whole thing.  Amazing.  Fresh Roll - Riceless, salmon, yellowtail, crab and avocado wrapped in thinly sliced cucumber and ponzu sauce - another hit because...They have beautifully fresh fish.  Some of it is overnighted from Hawaii.  The textures were perfectly balanced.  The flavors came together so, so harmoniously.  Crunch where you needed it.  Sweet where you wanted it.  Nothing overly anything.  Just.... (sigh), perfect.Now for the (slightly) bad news.  We did also order two apps.BBQ Shrimp - this is grilled shrimp wrapped in bacon covered in tangy Asian tinged BBQ sauce.  Shrimp was grilled well.  Sauce was a little overwhelming, but presentation was beautiful and flavors were good.Asian Scallops - the only meh thing we had.  The menu lists them as seared.  The first time we got them, they were small, overcooked, and white as the driven snow.  Seared?  Nope.  The sushi chef had the kitchen remake them.  Second time around they were not overcooked, but not seared.  The sauce was a ginger-scallion slightly spicy and slightly sweet blend.  It was garnished with a pretty little side salad with tasty miso dressing.  Honestly, this one needs work.Because of the Asian scallops, they honestly deserve more like a 4.5 rating.  But since I can't give them that, and I can't bring myself to take them down to a four, I left it at five.I used to be all about another sushi place.  Let me say this to them:  You will always be my first Utah sushi love.  I will still see you from time to time, and I will enjoy our time together.  The thing is,  I've met someone else.  Don't be mad.  Sakana just offers me... well, more.  More variety.  More spice.  Same quality of ingredients.  More involved sushi chefs.  You'll always have a special place in my heart.  It's just that Sakana's place is simply specialer.  As a final thought, I want to share this:  In a more chivalrous sushi age, many years ago sushi was not just sushi.  You went to sushi to eat a great meal, and engage in great conversation with the sushi chef.  I haven't seen this level of service since moving to Utah twelve years ago.  O.C. (sushi chef #1) was gracious, accommodating, and kind.  He has a great palate and put together some killer stuff at our request.  Tory (sushi chef #2) was entertaining, funny, and knowledgeable.  Together, they are my perfect sushi chef.  Thank you for showing us that sushi chivalry ain't dead.  You have restored my faith in the sushi bar experience.Oh Sakana, let's meet again very, very soon.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,11/18/2010,36,134,5,34,17>If you are looking for a raucous place to hang with friends with a sugary drink resembling coffee, you won't like D'Bolla.  Get thee to the Roasting Company, or even worse, the dreaded Coffee Break.That said, if you actually like coffee, this is the place for you.  John is a veritable encyclopedia of coffee and he has applied that knowledge to make the best coffee I have had in my entire life.  My fiance and I, both pretty cantankerous people, can't help but feel quite Zen-like when having one of his lattes or siphon coffees.  This is coffee that demands your attention and clears the mind.  Forget meditation, I go to D'Bolla when I need to let go.Being a china (as in the dishes) enthusiast, I also very much appreciate that he serves the siphon coffee in actual teacups...it really does make a difference.  I also like that John has no problem making sure I "drink it correctly"  and understand why what I'm drinking is so great, and doesn't act phony with me or anybody else.  John is John, and he's not for everybody (sugary drink people or the bubble-headed for instance), but for those of us sick of the ubiquitous saccharine, faceless customer service in SLC, D'Bolla is a refreshing heaven.D'Bolla is also a good place for coffee supplies or just plain old advice about coffee, something John has plenty of!A warning though, the parking can be hectic, but you won't care once you've had the coffee.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,11/17/2010,35,65,16,8,12>dearest Kilby Court,I know we hardly see each other anymore, but I want you to know that I still think about you from time to time. there's a lot of stuff about you that I know others would find conventionally weird or creepy, but to me it is all absolutely endearing.so, as for the things I like (a lot), let me list a few:- the unpaved alley I have to venture down to find you- the garage in which you reside- your tiny, approximately four inch high stage- the string of Christmas lights adorning that stage- the support pillar in the middle of the floor that I regularly leaned against in order to ensure a good spot while waiting for subpar opening bands to wrap up- the concrete floor (you, know, the one I sat cross-legged on, blissfully listening to Low until I had to get up to avoid drunk kid vomit)- the concessions (cupcakes mostly)- the firepit outside (in particular, the time when Phil from the Microphones came out and decided to play the show there)I'm sure there are a lot of things I could add and I know that I'm too old for you now, but I want you to know that I really appreciate all the bands that you have brought to Salt Lake and the fact that you have allowed all the under-21's to see them. and although I don't really get where you are going with the new skate ramp and everything I want you to know that I will still come to visit and reminisce about better times.forever yours (and thanks for the memories), Ryan S.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,11/16/2010,52,73,10,10,5>I was a big fan of Esther's when it was in this location, so when i learned that a new burger shop opened here, I had to try it. I ordered the Blue wing burger which was topped with Blue Cheese, bacon, blue cheese dressing, and a spicy hot wing sauce. It was good, but I mostly tasted blue cheese, which was a shame since the burger meat itself was really tasty. Next time I'd get something different. Overall it was very fresh tasting. The fries are hand cut, not greasy, just the right amount of crisp and lightly seasoned.A little pricey at $10 for burger fires and a coke, but very good. I will be back.As a side note, while we ate outside, some old lady came up to us and told us we had been cursed by Jesus and Mary. +1 for ambiance
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,11/15/2010,89,54,1,10,5>Since Eva opened it's doors I have been a fan. The prices are sensible which allows you to test a variety of their small plate options. My usual go to items are the fries, orzo salad and flat bean and bean puree. Recently the chef has introduced a new item that I have fallen in love with. The watermelon salad with feta cheese is amazing and I have returned to eat it 2 times in just 3 days! The salad is on their dinner menu but if you bat your eyes and ask nicely they will serve it during lunch.The service can be a bit slow when they are busy so avoid times right after work (even though they do offer 1/2 price apps) or weekend dinner. They offer a late night menu where they offer a limited menu. I love to go on the weekends around 9 pm because I always end up running into people I know and then we all go out to a local bar.The only thing I dislike about Eva is the patio sometimes smells of garbage since they transformed their alley into a patio. The patio is adorable and I recommend sitting out their, just beware of the possible stench. =)I recommend this place  for a dinner with friends and definitely a great place to bring out of state visitors.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,11/14/2010,73,69,7,12,10>I'm a convert!I have never been a fan of Red Iguana. I had tried countless times and each and everytime I left puzzled of the hype. I visited last week and realized that each and everytime I've gone I've ordered something off of the menu that you can find in any mexican restaurant. Pretty standard gringo mexican food. Instead of ordering another sub par meal, I decided to ask the waiter what the guy from 'Diners, Drive-ins and Dives' had. He brought me the Tacos del Ramon and my husband The Mole Negro.Holy eff. I officialy understand the hype. The tacos were perfection and have now moved to the top of my list of favorite Mexican meals EVER. Husband raved about his meal as well. We'll be back, and I'll stop rolling my eyes and going "uggghhhhhhhhhhh" anytime mentions the place.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,11/13/2010,18,57,6,10,7>Everything is delish, as usual.  Today I ordered:Flavor of the Month (August) - Sandy: Zucchini, macadamia and milk chocolate.  It was so soft and moist, with the the flavors coming together nicely.Penelope: Truffle-like peanut butter cookie with half of it dipped in chocolate.  Not only did the cookie have the perfect slightly chewy texture, but the chocolate was amazing too.Ricki: Coconut dough with coconut, almonds and rich chocolate.  I actually didn't share this one with anyone because it was so good.  I was sad when I was done eating it because it was gone.Virginia: Robust ginger and dark molasses in a chewy cookie, rolled in raw turbinado sugar.  The texture of this one rocked.  Chewy but soft and the ginger flavor was perfect.I also ordered Isabella, which isn't on their menu, but they had some extra left over from a special order.  The Isabella is a pumpkin mascarpone cookie with frangelico raisins soaked in hazelnut liquor.  We were skeptical about this one.  One bite and we realized that we don't know jack about what flavors will jive together.  Tami (owner) is a flavor genius.  Every single thing about this cookie was amazing.  The flavor, texture, the look of it, the smell....sigh.  Awesome.The nice girls behind the counter offered me a sample (read: half a cookie) and I tried the Audrey.  Hello luva.  Almond dough packed full of almonds, cranberries and white chocolate.  The actual smell of this cookie made my mouth water.  Audrey might be my fav at the moment.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,11/12/2010,139,132,,7,3>We recently dined here with members of our extended family to celebrate a birthday. We had 3 children under 5 with us and they were able to accommodate our party without a hitch.The Hummus was fantastic, wicked smooth and creamy. The lemon and rice soup was just savory and sour enough. I had the Kotopoulo Yemisto, which is chicken cutlet with spinach and feta and a mushroom scallion sauce. This will be my go to dish next time we eat here. Great spot for a casual dinner, you can linger just long enough for a good visit without being rushed out the door.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,2/13/2013,99,162,3,4,1>Beloved Adephagia, they name is Bruges.  Your paradoxical nature so sweet and salty allures me beyond reason.  Ok, ok, I am clearly exaggerating a bit here.  But, in my defense, only hyperbole can capture the sheer bliss of my post-bite moment of waffle.  AMAZING.  Now, I didn't get to enjoy much.  My boyfriend, the self-declared waffle-hater, battled me off with his spoon.  Have you ever tried to share a waffle with gollum?  It's freakin' hard.So, four stars for waffles.  Three-ish stars for the remainder of the menu.  IMHO, I could take or leave the rest of it.  The Machine Gun was a little overwhelminig.  Decent sausage, waaaay too much bread.  And waaay too much "mayo" - the andalouse sauce is great, but don't drown me in it.I really must admit I enjoyed the fries, but I'm reluctant to call them Belgian, which tend to be a little on the slimmer side.  I also would have preferred a larger variety of sauces.  And, a few sauces per fry order, please.Uhm, yeah, I still ate almost the entire order of fries, 1/2 a machine gun, and 1/2 a waffle.  I don't blame myself.  Bruges truly is the goddess of gluttony.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,2/12/2013,1481,94,13,15,15>~ The Location ~A welcome addition to a short strip of good restaurants that offer sushi, indian, and deli sandwiches. By adding italian (e.g., gelato, cannoli, espresso, and panini), there is now truly something for everyone and their mother.    The rat maze parking lot is always busy.  Yet there is usually some cheese to be found with at least one spot open or someone just leaving. Even when this lot is full, there is another wide open parking nearby--just keep sniffing past the liquor store.        ~ The Gelato ~An incandescent aria in my mouth. Here are relevant adjectives:  authentic, italian, old-world, all natural, thick, creamy, amazing, delicious, legit, rich, dense, premium, and smitten-inducing!  Gelato so potent it should be served with control rods.  The owners claim their gelato has less fat than ice cream. What?! The soft hum of refrigeration beckoned me to cast my gaze upon a palate expanding array of gelato options.  So many choices! All the basics, from chocolate to vanilla to strawberry to coconut to lemon to raspberry to mocha.  And even some I found to be unpronounceably delicious: Zabaione!  If it were a multiple choice question I would definitely choose 'all of the above.'  Which is why I was so disappointed that they would only allow for two choices one cup.  Carefully selecting two flavors that would perfectly balance each other was a fun, yet surprisingly challenging game.  The gelato serving sizes are small, medium, large cups and a waffle-cone (which is extra-large).  The medium is about the size of a regular scoop of ice cream.  However, this is gelato, the crack cocaine of the dairy dessert world, so size should not really matter much.  Ordering a scoop of gelato topped with a shot of hot espresso is called the affogato.  When it is ordered specifically with pistachio gelato, I modestly propose to call it the avocado.  ~  The Joint ~Opened a few weeks ago so it is spotlessly clean as expected from any new establishment.  A fresh, comfortable space with lots of seating.  The yellow interior paint is warm and inviting.  The friendly owners were on hand explaining the gelato ingredients, talking shop, and singing praises of Deer Valley skiing.  They can take credit cards, but only "if you don't have anything else" to avoid processing fees.  So please be a good sport and bring cash.     Cortona is a small town in Tuscany founded by Noah's son Crano  273 years after the Great Flood and is the main cultural and artistic center of the Val di Chiana after Arezzo.  Grazie mille wikipedia.  Cortona is not to be confused with Cortana, the artificial intelligence instrumental in preventing the activation of the Halo installations, which would have otherwise destroyed all sentient life in the galaxy. There is a large colorful playful mural painting of Italy on the wall that shows the location of Cortona within the high heel knee boot that is Italy.  All kicks to the dead center upper shin shall henceforth be referred to as a "smarting Cortona" and soccer will never be the same-- ESPN interviewer:  "What is the secret to your success in scoring the winning goal for the World Cup?"Random soccer player:  "I had some gustatory ennui coming into the games and then suffered a smarting cortona early in the final match, so during half-time I snuck off to CG to order a double avocado and was cured!"   Interviewer: "Are you really claiming that the World Cup was won because of a double avocado?"Player: "CG DA FTW! LOL"
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,2/11/2013,31,55,,3,3>Pizza was thin and crispy. I really liked it. The sizes weren't the usual that you normally see but they had the pans out so you can see what your getting. The prices are pretty reasonable. I recommend it. I felt the quality was pretty good. The store had a nice cozy feel to it. The service was good and the food was ready pretty quick. This was a really good sit-down pizza place. They also have other foods there too in case you don't want to eat just pizza. I am actually going to becoming back to this place.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,2/10/2013,123,124,2,4,2>Holy Crap!  This place is awesome!!  They have a smokin' menu...and a full bar!  Our waitress could NOT have been nicer!!  We ordered the French Onion Soup, Bacon Wrapped Jalapeno Shrimp, a Hot Italian Burger, a fruit plate, dessert, and lots of drinks!  One of the drinks we selected was a Peppermint Martini - so delicious!  Our waitress went the extra mile, and asked the bartender for the recipe so we could make it at home.  She wrote down all of the ingredients, and even how to make it.  Unbelievable service!  We will definitely go back!!  You should go too! Hurry up! :)
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,2/9/2013,14,245,2,2,2>Warren;s is half way between fast food and a full service restaurant .  They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner, have a wide variety of food cooked to order and it taste good.  I am a carb-aholic and Warren's cures my urge.  They have awesome fries, better than most, tater tots, English chips and Sweet potato fries.  I go for the fries, the wife likes the sweet potato.  Beyond the starches are the sandwiches, they have a wide variety, burgers and otherwise.  My latest favorite is the french dip that is very tasty, they also have a cranberry turkey that hits the spot. Burgers are good, my last visit included the 2x2 classic, a big tasty double cheese burger.  Good but definitely not the best around but does beat all the fast food joints by far.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,2/8/2013,48,12,,5,4>A most delightful meal along the Canyons Resort mountain side! Attention to detail is at its most heightened state in this restaurant-- the food is exceptional. The decor of the Farm is noticeably tasteful and elegant albeit rustic, it's possible with superb interior design work. My friend and I arrived on time for our six thirty reservation on a Friday night and we were greeted kindly by a pretty little hostess; she was happy not anxious to seat us at a table in the Farm's yurt (a tent-like dwelling the Farm has for their patrons). When you make a reservation request either a table in the yurt or a bar area table, the in between tables didn't seem desirable. As we sat down I was thrilled to have a view of the Canyons resort mountain side and also to be warm and toasty inside, it was such a lovely view. Our server was outstanding, he timed our meal perfectly and was happy to help me decide on an entree. He mentioned how the Farm's menu frequently changes and this is a sign of excellence, chef's who take advantage of seasonal ingredients are skillful and committed to creating the best dishes, plus I am eager and sure to return in hopes of finding new and innovative additions.The evening went like this:We started with two appetizers because the charcuterie board didn't have cheese with it and I must have cheese, please. ~house cured charcuterie board, pickles, grilled breads, pear gastrique & hot mustard~farmers cheese, coriander honey, house pickles, spicy greens, toastFor our second course we split the beet salad, next time I will not share, take a hint.~salt roasted beets, pistachios, fennel, farm cheese, aged hamI debated for some time over my entree because the menu is so perfectly balanced. I love steak and pork and fish all equally but decided on the pork. ~heritage pork, cabbage, apple mostarda, rutabaga cider cream, granola This pork dish was so tender and amazingly prepared and cooked, I was speechless as I delicately, bite by bite, ate it all up! My friend had the trout and was smiling through her entire chow-down sesh too. THE FOOD HERE IS SO TASTEFUL AND ELEGANT. What I mean?! Not too much butter (even though I LOVE butter), not too much sauce, not too much of anything but exactly what should be. Five stars to the kitchen of the Farm, truly a fantastic meal and I am very impressed by the quality. Indeed a delightful, fresh, earthy and wonderfully elegant experience!! Thank you Ryan and Craig for showing Park City what dining in the mountains can be: heavenly.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,2/7/2013,30,97,,6,4>The sandwiches are awesome. I love the ciabatta bread and the option for orzo instead of chips is such a nice perk. Every sandwich I've had here has been so tasty. It's a place I go to mostly at lunch time, but it's food I seriously crave at any hour of the day. I especially love the chicken salad sandwich.The half sandwich special with choice of orzo or chips, fountain drink, and dessert is just the right portion size for lunch. Great value and super delicious!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2012,2/6/2013,12,126,2,8,1>I would describe the place as tiny and trendy. It's clean, and sharp, and shiny. The server/proprietor was groomed and groovy. Great.The menu, as it trendy, was concise. The tacos come with two on a plate, and through some bartering, I got my chum to trade me one, so I got to try a steak hanger and a pork belly.Steak was medium, and juicy, covered in Julian cucumbers and jalapeno. Pork belly was garnished with crunchy pork rinds and onions.Both were very good, and cost me about $10 at the end (no drink or anything), but here's the thing: it was tiny and trendy, and I was still hungry. I waited and waited for my appetites to abate, but I just needed more. So I felt like I it was a bit spendy for what I got, but what I got was good.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/5/2013,24,69,2,3,2>Really good texture. Dense/flaky/moist. I love the little crunchy pearls of sugar on the inside, and they make for a nice crunch on the outside. They use real whipped cream. All the toppings seem freshly chopped and I love how they place them nicely on the waffle. The waffles are a tad smaller than I thought, but not a big deal. I love the design of the logo & truck.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2009,2/4/2013,7,10,,5,2>My wife and I had a very good dinner here.  We sat outside on the patio.  It was perfect mountain evening weather with a great little water feature adding to the ambiance.  The inside dining is cozy and rustic but just a bit stuffy for my taste.Appetizers .... Crab cake moist and flavorful and Grilled Calamari excellent.Bison Rib eye was good w. pomme frites and brussel sprouts glazed w. bacon very good.Fresh cliantro Pappardelle (homemade pasta dish) w. poblano chiles was very goodThe service was attentive.  The wine list was good but a bit over priced.Log Haven is not a cheap place but overall I felt the quality of the food and the atmosphere made it a good value.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,11/30/2012,2,9,,5,3>I drive past this place on the way home from work and have always wanted to try it. I got take out last night, and I was very impressed! The pad thai was delicious, and had a good kick to it, I love spicy food and this was just right for me. We also ordered the massaman curry, which was also delicious, not as spicy though. It had TONS of fresh veggies and potatoes with the pork, and everything was cooked to perfection. I also ordered the mango sticky rice based on previous reviews, and they were lying, this stuff is AMAZING. Next time I might have to order 2 of those so my husband get's his fair share. :) Great spot, we'll definitely be back.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,11/29/2012,19,57,,6,4>Tried this out with a friend for both the food and the after hours bar scene.Food: We had the kale chips (I think I just don't like kale chips in general...or kale for that matter), the baked sweet potato fries which were amazing and came with a red pepper fry sauce, cashew cheese stuffed mushrooms and the eggplant parm. We also had Ginger Spice cocktails which were very yummy. Aside from the kale which is apparently a personal problem, the food was fantastic. The portions are small, but the prices are right and the flavor is outstanding. Our server (who recommended all that we had) was very cool. Bar: the DJ was good and the drinks were quick and tasty and the bar staff friendly. Actually, everyone was very friendly. I'd definitely go again.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,11/28/2012,21,17,2,5,4>I was born and raised in Seattle so fresh fish is sort of part of why I wake up each day. When I first moved to Utah I went through a minor period of depression because I was unsure of where people here could possibly get delicious fresh fish. Aquarius is amazing. They are the only place I would go to get sushi grade fish in Salt Lake, period. They get a really decent selection of fish to choose from. More often than not I just get fish for baking here, and this is also one of the only places I will buy fresh fish in Utah. The staff seems to really know there stuff and can recommend different types of fish depending on what you want to do with it as well as cut you the perfect piece. I went in the other night and tried Corvina. It is a South American bass-ish kind of fish. It baked very easily in the oven and was perfectly white and flakey. I wish I could live behind the counter here!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,11/27/2012,15,31,2,2,2>The space is nice, and the staff were very friendly and really on top of things.  The hot stone pot was delicious, I had the beef version with egg on top.  Also tried their dukpoki which was great also.  There was very little wait (went for lunch on a Saturday), and we thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  I recommend this place to others looking for a decent, casual Korean restaurant in the Salt Lake area.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,11/26/2012,165,167,2,4,3>Tasty. Homey. Except at home I get some chips with my five dollar grilled cheese. I didn't see any signs proclaiming this place to be gourmet, so I'm okay with white bread and orange cheese.  The service was friendly, the food was good, but for me, some cheap plain potato chips or something included would make me feel a little bit better about the prices.  Now what you really need to know.  Ice Cream Sandwich. Cookies. Real ones. Not thin wafery ones. Actually good sized cookies. Two of them. With about an inch and a quarter of ice cream in the middle. These are what we will be back for again and again. They offer a few different flavors, we had peanut butter cookies with chocolate ice cream. Worth the three bucks? Absolutely. And I don't even need chips.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,11/25/2012,1481,94,11,16,15>I just dine-o-rounded at the Tin Angel Cafe and it was dine-o-mite!We shared a single 3-course dinner.  With the addition of the beet&arugula salad it was a perfect amount.  The Tin Angel dine-o-round courses are: (1) Any tapa, side salad or soup, (2) either seared sea scallops with  arugula/parmesan risotto cake, baby veggies, and black truffle beurre blanc or steak au poivre with roast potatoes, baby veggies and heirloom tomato/porcine mushroom coulis, and (3) any dessert.   The current dine-o-round will be over in a few days so the above information will likely be outdated.I chose harissa grilled eggplant tapa, sea scallops, and the famous bread pudding paired with a dry chardonnay (Vega Sindoa Viura).  The eggplant was roasted in cubes and served on skewers.  The sea scallops were seared to micro-second perfection and had a light cornmeal dusting that was delicious.  The menu description of the bread pudding as 'award winning' is apt.  It reminded me of a home-made gooey cinnamon roll just out of the oven.  The eclectic tableware and old-timey live music added to the charm. Thank you dine-o-round!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,11/24/2012,89,25,,6,5>I frequent this place for many reasons.  It's walking distance from my house.  Tong, the owner, is a kind and interesting person.  The baristas are cute and nice and sincere and are always willing to listen to me yak.  The Thai iced tea brings me to my knees.  The Utah Cheese Steak, the yellow curry, and the "Bomb" breakfast burrito are my favorite eats on the menu.  If you position the chairs in the grass right, the yard can feel cozy and social.  No matter what time of day, the people-watching is good.  For better or worse, you'll find a diverse cross-section of the community here.  They've also always got City Weeklys stocked right inside the front door, in case people-watching's not your thing.  I've never felt anything less than welcomed and appreciated here.  Kudos!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,11/23/2012,2,9,2,2,2>Great staff, great food, good price. I ordered the Thursday special, which was a 6in Italian meats, at the suggestion of the guy helping me. It was great, the bread was fresh and soft and the meats, cheese and veggies were the same. I would definately eat here again.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,11/22/2012,160,294,5,8,5>Provo Bakery. A veritable institution in Y-town. I've been coming here for (cough) years to get their famous raisin-filled cookies. They're the best I've had anywhere. A fistful of raisin cookie and a tall glass of milk is a specific nirvana for me.For those who don't appreciate raisins - I know there are hoards of you out there - PB also offers a full array of yummy treats to soothe anyone's inner Sugar Bear.On occasion I carry away bakery boxes lined with other favorites, like their orange rolls, glazed/raised donuts, and maple bars. They also tend to please the masses with their multitude of cookie selections.They make custom cookies, cakes, and pies for holidays and special occasions (Fridays are special, too!), as well as freshly-baked dinner rolls, which are absolutely delicious.All service I've ever had at PB, throughout what feels like ions of time, has been satisfactory. Sometimes it's stellar, sometimes it merely serves to get the job done. When the place is packed, don't expect over-the-top friendly service. They're there to provide you delicious delights and get you out the door to your destination, not chat with you about the score of the latest Utah/BYU game (whoop whoop!)...The tiny PB building is located on the southwest corner of 100 N and 200 E, an unexpectedly residential area of Provo. The parking lot accommodates maybe 5 cars if everyone parks like a human. Street parking is the way to go here...in and out.Pricing is very reasonable. Don't plan on going broke here, even if you splurge. And, if you're smart, you'll take advantage of the trip to Provo and splurge. Get one (or two!) of everything! You can blame me if you need to buy bigger pants.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,11/21/2012,3,15,,2,1>I am in LOVE! I fell in love with Peruvian food years ago in the homes of some marvelous Peruvian cooks. Since then, I have tried a half-dozen or more restaurants around the Beehive State. The majority were good and even the mediocre ones were great for a trip back in time, but K Rico Peru is the real deal!The staff was friendly and genuine. The surroundings, while not fancy, were homey, clean, comfortable and had an authentic feel. We had to start with Papa ala Huancaina and Inca Cola. The papas were spot-on and ultra-delicious. Then came the Lomo Saltado and Arroz con Pollo. The Lomo was the best I have tasted. My friend said the chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender and "slap yo mama good."The prices ($8-$12) may be a tad high, but the portions and the quality make it well worth the extra buck or two.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,6/15/2011,164,9,7,9,6>My favorite Lone Star Taqueria experience: It was a hot summer day and there was a long line (not uncommon) with a tourist holding it all up. Reading the menu aloud, she finally asked, "Well, what do you do here? What's your specialty?""Fish tacos. We sell fish tacos, lady," the gentleman behind the counter gruffly replied, pointing to a dirty chalkboard to her left indicating the fish 'o the day. She tried one and naturally had to order another.Fish tacos may sound like a ridiculous idea in this landlocked state, but Lone Star's tacos are simply delicious. They rival those of most of the California beach stands I've sampled. Brave the heat (no AC) and wacky location and even wackier parking lot, and you'll be treated to one of the better cheap dates to be had in Utah. Lone Star offers all of the standard Mexican fare, listed on a permanent menu above the cash wrap, but the fish taco menu stands alone--literally--so that it may be more easily updated by hand. Generally, it's salmon, tilapia, or Mahi Mahi (my favorite), but regardless of what's chalked in, I've never had a bad taco. The tamales are made on-premise and also mighty tasty, too.(And one more note: I've never seen a Lone Star employee be rude to any customer, other than that one lady. She had it coming.)
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,6/14/2011,89,25,,9,4>Yes, please.  Creative, complex flavors and a refreshing business model.  Especially love (1) the tangy, spicy panko fried tofu, which I think is best on a cool bed of salad greens, (2) the flash-fried calamari, and (3) the pineapple-ginger pork taco.  Also consistently wowed by her daily specials, especially the quesadillas.  Co-owner SuAnn is always pleasant and very appreciative your business.  Easily the best $8 lunch on the 13th East strip by the U.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,6/13/2011,159,264,,9,6>This place is a solid 5 stars in the category of Asian Markets.  Not five stars in beauty or newness, but five stars in selection, service, quality of product and uniqueness.Selection here covers the gamut from Korean Products to Japanese Products and everything in between.  The selection of fresh mushrooms is amazing and CHEAP, dried mushrooms are even cheaper and they have a great selection of produce as well. Dry goods from abound from all over Asia and they have a GREAT selection of cookware and spices at amazing prices.In meats they have a great selection of fresh and unusual cuts and seafood along with a large selection of frozen items.  The service also shines here with everyone on staff willing to help, answer questions and walk you through the products.  It isn't often that I have no hesitation to ask questions in an Asian market and here I have no hesitation at all.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2011,6/12/2011,118,169,7,7,7>Why oh why oh why did I wear a sweater on this outing as I tempted fate, putting my weekend of good health at risk, at this little sandwich shop? That sweater may now be designated 'the wardrobe item of choice when seeking to attract large packs of hungry dogs'. It definitely sucked up an odor. Here's hoping a thorough hand washing will save it.Upon first walking in, the restaurant is run down, outdated, dirty, the grease is sliding down the walls, and people are having a great time downing the biggest ingredient packed sandwiches I've ever seen!I was really grateful I got a gander at the food before I ordered, because I decided to go with the 4" Philly and that was plenty of food for me. The big reason I got to see it is because the grill is RIGHT there, out for all the world to see - the smoke and steam and grease infiltrating the entire seating area. I also watched a guy haul a dolly full of boxes of meat right through the dining area! Cool.But, sitting there eating that thing, I was happy. It was just a really good sandwich! I closed my eyes, turned off the brain, and just enjoyed it. Besides the meat there were onions, mushrooms, tomato, I opted for no hot peppers, and of course cheese. It was melt-y and hot off the grill. If someone invited me there again - I'd go back, assuming I was feeling a little daring, or gambling for a few days off work. But, I'd definitely choose a different outfit.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,6/11/2011,6,24,10,6,8>If only this little spot didn't bring a tear to my eye, going back now.  I met a great person at the Copper Onion.  We had our first and last meals together as a couple there, at the bar and then the patio.  Fitting, for a place with such memorable food and ambiance, I suppose, but nonetheless tragic.  Because I'd eat at the Copper Onion weekly otherwise.Everything I've tried from the carefully selected, seasonally-based offering of small plates has been nothing short of amazing: ricotta dumplings, sauteed mushrooms, mussels, and house-made meatballs (though I shed a few more tears when I found out they use veal in the mix--consider this my official plea to the chefs to go certified humane).  Round those out with several of the Copper Onion's fabulous cocktails and a side or two (the spinach with cashews and raisins, and citrusy brussels sprouts are favorites), and you have plenty to savor slowly, preferably at the bar where you can watch the chefs ply their craft.  But if you do try an entree, you absolutely can't go wrong with a burger or the homemade pasta.  The carbonara makes me giggly and wet in naughty places.  I could eat it for breakfast if they'd just let me in those goddamn doors at 8 a.m.I've never had room for dessert here, but that can't really be a bad thing.  If by chance you are there when they have the pork belly salad with cilantro and jalapenos on the menu, order one as an appetizer and one to finish your meal...and try to get in touch with me immediately.Everything else--service, decor, the crowd in there (do other people exist in the Copper Onion? were they there when I ordered my Cucumber Gimlet?)--is just icing on this flourless chocolate cake.  It's the perfect place to enjoy great food.  Just don't base a relationship on it.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,6/10/2011,35,65,5,6,6>for the last couple of weeks I have been logging in and seeing the comment from Joshua S. "have you been to la fuente del rey on 9000 s and 1700 w?" it said. it was a well-intentioned question, but it felt like a taunt. I held off for a while, telling myself that it was too far out of the way to try, but ultimately I was unable to resist.I gave in and I'm glad that I did. La Fuente Del Rey provided a positive experience on all fronts. the location was clean and pleasant, the service was friendly and fast, the food was inexpensive, and most importantly, the quality of the tacos was much better than expected. the tacos al pastor may not compete with some of the places that specialize in al pastor (re: Chunga's), but they were well above acceptable. I'm also giving extra points for salsa with some real bite.La Fuente Del Rey gets a solid three and a half stars, which I am going to round up to four (this would be so much easier if I was using a scale that ran up to seven).
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,6/9/2011,36,134,4,5,4>Long time shopper, long time lover.   I feel that the Super China deserves a love poem from me, for all the wonderful things it gives me. However, as I'm not much of a poet, I will just thank the Super China for a few of my favorite things, and conveniently list some things you should try out in the same go:Ramune soda in every flavor...Awesome produce and butcher sections...A full sized staff unlike the tiny Asian markets...A restaurant with all sorts of weird goodies.(think various animals' feet)...Every noodle imaginable...Mr. Brown coffee in a can...A "tiny Chinatown" of dishes, toys, decorations and random housewares...A candy aisle big enough to make you a kid again...Chinese New Year treats...Red bean ice cream (seriously, it's the best!)....ANDtubs of Sriracha so big you could bathe in the stuff.While it's a bit of a drive for me personally, the Super China is so good I find myself hurrying down I15 at least once a month to get to it despite many other closer Asian markets.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,6/8/2011,349,631,3,7,5>After countless visits, I finally decided to write something down...  As the name suggested, this place is somewhat "little" when compared to most restaurants in the area.  The ambience feels somewhat tore and shatter, but reminds me of the street vendors that serves delicious local food across the globe, so I was just glad that there is a place to sit and a roof on top.  The services here is as good as street vendors, usually when there is a problem, the servers would give you an indifferent answer with the exception of expect a tip at the end.For authentic Chinese food, this is as good as it gets in Utah, and I have yet to find anything better.  Once awhile, there may be short-term exceptions, but this is the only place that seems to be consistent enough the quality for many years.  Some of dishes I really like from here are their stir-fried noodle dishes (wet is better than dry), Pork Chop on Rice, all of their soup noodles, and their Tofu dishes never disappointed me once.  The intestine dishes and snow fish are decent too.  I would avoid the uncommon seafood dishes with ingredients such as sea cucumbers or clams, since there were several incidents in the past with them no being properly clean, and the staffs were indifferent as usual.This place is probably your best chance to find cheap tasty authentic Chinese food in Utah, just do not expect a comfortable dining experience, and try to avoid their restroom too.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,6/7/2011,48,57,10,10,6>If one experiences a hankering for an organized and condimentized pile of meat, cheese, vegetables, and bread, there's no shortage of options. Consequently it's difficult for any particular sandwich-slinger to stand out. Toaster's, however, is one of the few that manages.I'm a fan of the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. It's not spicy enough to satisfy a serious sweat tooth, but it's got a nice flavor to it (yes, I said "sweat tooth"... I just coined the crap out of that phrase). The turkey avocado is also palate-pleasing; the balsamic vinegar is a nice touch.I can't quite put my finger on what makes these sandwiches extra-tasty. They are just subtly superior to everyday offerings. I am inclined to believe that they use fresher ingredients and better bread, but further experimentation is necessary to support or disprove this hypothesis. How about it, science?
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,6/6/2011,65,59,3,5,3>It was a sad day for me when I ate at JohnnieBeefs for what I thought would be the last time.  And it was a happy day when I learned that they had reincarnated... er...relocated anywhere, even to a Texaco gas station.The owner is the nicest guy.  He really enhances the experience.  He's passionate about his "dawgies", and it shows.My husband and I lived in the Chicago area for about a year when we were first married. I was not unfamiliar with the Chicago dog.  It hadn't been a favorite back then, because in NY the Hot Dogs are natural casing Hebrew National or Nathan's and they have this lovely snap when you bite into them.  Mmm.  Snappy hot dogs.  *Stomach growling*  DISCLAIMER: I am not referring to the nasty hot dog stand Sabretts.  Ick.  Those are known to cause hallucinations.  And not in a good way.But I digress.  And things change.Flash forward to a couple of years ago when JohnnieBeefs came on the scene.  I ordered a Chicago dog.  And wax nostalgic, there it was: a taste from the early days of my marriage.  The carefree days before kids, serious careers, even before culinary school.  It's funny how something becomes a comfort food.  If a flavor can bring to mind a fond memory, the flavor is that much more enhanced.  The flavor has to be on target though.  If it's not, then the memory that is supposed to accompany it feels incomplete or tarnished somehow.  Like, "Eh.  Not quite right."JohnnieBeefs, comfortingly enough, brings the right stuff.  Here's what we've had there:Diet Dr. Pepper.  Kidding.  We did have it but I'm not reviewing it.Chicago Dog - just perfect.  From the soft poppyseed bun to the spicy sport peppers and the neon relish (I usually hate relish too), the coolness of the tomato and cucumber, and the vinegary bite of the mustard, it's just exactly, exactly what a Chicago dog should taste like.NY Dog - fine.  Not the same as a real NY dog but still good when I'm more in the mood for sauerkraut.Chili Cheese dog - I can't comment.  This was a my kids special.  They loved it.  Even my non-hot dog liking daughter loved it.  I'm more of an east coast purist.Italian Beef - also perfect - just like Chicago.  You can order it wet (read dipped in a flavorful Italian seasoned au jus) or dry or a little wet (my pref).  You can also get hot giardiniera on it if you like.  Thin slices of beef, piled high, packed with flavor, soft bun.  The description alone is making me hungry.French Fries - these are really yummy crinkle cut fries, HOT out of the grease on every order.  They're perfectly cooked and delicioso.Zucchini fries - How can anyone go wrong with breaded fried hot steaming zucchini fries?  I don't love the dipping sauce (it's pre-packaged) but I'm happy to burn my mouth on these without sauce any day.I think we've tried other dogs too over the years but we keep coming  back to the Chicago.JohnnieBeefs, we salute and support you.  You are the American dream and we hope, truly hope, that you get to franchise one day.  Thanks for enduring.  We're glad you're back.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/18/2014,221,489,2,12,7>Ok, I admit it. I wouldn't have gone to this place if some friends hadn't invited my husband and I here for lunch one snowier than expected Spring afternoon. It's not too far from my work, and I've driven by it many times. This location has been three or four different restaurants over the years, and I assumed this was just another in that rotating cycle of generic Mexican food.My first impression was so wrong.We walked in and checked out the menu. There's a lot more here than cheese covered tortillas: moles, caldos, even molcajete. This is the real deal. I ordered the caldo de pollo, a dish I love that is unexpectedly hard to find here. My husband ordered the mole and our friends ordered carnitas and quesadillas. It took a bit to get our food because two large parties were seated ahead of us, something the owner apologized for multiple times. Probably too many times, but I appreciate his eagerness to please. The caldo was just about perfect: tender chicken, just crisp enough vegetables, wonderful broth. All plates at the table were cleaned, and the others seemed quite pleased with what they ordered. And now I have a spot for caldo de pollo. You can't go wrong with that.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,6/17/2014,83,511,1,4,2>Great seats that recline back, big and spacious.  The seats are a bit high so it's hard to see the screen if your short.  Theater is the cleanest theater I have seen.  Your feet dont stick to the ground.  Parking is great next door in the parking structure and you get validated for 3 hours.  The only thing I dont like is that you have to wait outside to by your movie tickets and when it's cold and lines are long, it's annoying.  Also on Tuesdays where all the theaters offer matinee rates all day, Broadway is full price.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/16/2014,160,294,2,11,5>I can't say enough about how awesome this place is. I am a life-long vocal gym-hater. I have never found it motivating, nor even comfortable. For all of the inherent reasons, I simply have never appreciated "the gym." Provo Rec Center is different. It strongly fosters a family environment, with diverse activities, designated areas for specific sports (basketball, volleyball, handball/raquetball, etc.), a climbing wall, and well thought out pool areas on the main floor, and a wide variety of work out equipment and classes on the upper level. No one should feel excluded, or out of place here. Every existing body type frequents all aspects of PRC, and all are welcome and encouraged to work at their own pace.One of my favorite aspects of PRC is the track. The design is genious, and allows the walker/runner to be a spectator of all the goings-on of pretty much both levels. Attractive glass designs throughout. The track, however, seems to attract mindless social-gymmers walking in their mini-shirt hoards in the wrong direction, then when you nearly slam into them, look at you like you did something wrong. What is it with the people around here who can't seem to accept that others (and rules) exist?I've heard some complaints about the cleanliness of the areas and machines; but, PRC provides antibacterial wipes stations throughout the upper level for those using the equipment to use. I've never found them to be out, but there's typically a PRC staffer tending the desk that could easily provide more if that happens. It's up to every patron of this building to clean up after themselves in order to maintain an ideal environment for everyone.Rates here are reasonable, for the day, month, or year; singles or families. Accommodating open hours beginning at 5:00 a.m. til 10:00 p.m., Saturdays 7:00 a.m. til 8:00 p.m. My only complaint is that PRC is such a great addition to the Provo area that it's now crowded much of the time. Small sacrifice to use this state of the art building. We're regulars.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/15/2014,150,214,,6,3>At last, I've found my new favorite bar! If you love whiskey, then you definitely need to try this place out. All the cocktails I had were really good. I tried the New York sour, Moscow mule and the black derby, I think. They've also got a really neat food menu, I was able to try the bourbon bacon popcorn, hazelnut calamari, Parmesan truffle fries and the beet salad. Everything was delicious, and I can't wait to go back and try more of their items! Be aware that this place is the new hot spot in town, so it'll be packed and hard to find a seat. I came on a Thursday evening, and it took about an hour for us to finally call dibs on a table. There are lots of tables that you can rest your drink on and stand at though. Despite the busyness, service was spot on and very prompt. The crowd had a nice mix of people, but mostly 30-40 year old professionals. I love the ambiance here. It's got an old fashioned vibe and the decor is done really well to match the name of the place.  Five stars!
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/14/2014,52,346,2,8,5>If you cant tell from how many check ins I have here now. I love this place!!! I use it now for my lunch place/bar. You can't go wrong any of their lunch specials. Also they have started to get a lot more first run movies. And it is just a great place to hangout with friends and unwind. The service is always great and I love the staff. Check it out sometime not just as a theater. Try it as just a bar, you will not be disappointed. And next time you are in look for me. I am sure I will be there with friends.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,6/13/2014,67,67,,4,2>Rich was a great guy who gave a great cut! Very professional in the bow tie! Great touch. Old school barbers are the best!I like that I can schedule an appointment online the night before and go on my lunch. Got a little message afterwards as well. Price was decent too. I will be back. Rich is a fan of my beloved Ohio State Buckeyes so that does give him some cool points in my book. I am a huge OSU fan being from Cleveland. This is also a local establishment which I encourage all of you to support. I would have given five stars if this place was perfect and if it was open Saturdays and was a few bucks cheaper, it would be. I do understand that it is at City Creek and that rent can't be cheap.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,6/12/2014,69,191,2,5,4>Thank you Staci for the fabulous new shoes.  I have a race coming up and my pair of 2-3 year-old shoes were no longer cutting it.  At SLRC, Staci did the whole biomechanical analysis with me to see how I run.  Heck I don't even know how I run until now.  Either way, I walked away with everything I need for the coming race.  One less thing to worry over.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/11/2014,100,149,11,10,10>I call this, ode to a corned beef sandwich, ahem:Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and considerably more meaty. Rough winds do shake me at the Subway, And thy half pound lease hath all too short a meal,Sometime too hot the beef betwixt thine layers shines, But rarely is your pink hued complexion dimmed by this; By chance, or nature's changing course, no tasty fat goes untrimmed;But thy eternal tastiness shall not fade, Nor shall death brag thou flavors wand'rest in his shade, When in eternal lunch lines time to thou grow'st. So long as men can eat, or eyes can see thine lustry meat, So long lives this mighty sammich, and this gives life to me
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,6/10/2014,116,97,1,9,4>Second Thai food joint I've been to since I moved to Utah. It was an improvement from the first for sure. We went around lunchtime so I got the lunch special where you get to choose 2 dishes. I chose the yellow curry and the Thai basil stir fry. They were both pretty tasty. The yellow curry didn't have as much of a flavor kick as I thought it would but it was still good. I usually just get pad Thai out of habit but wanted to try something different this time. The meal came with an egg roll that was tasty. I liked the sauce they provided with it. The very best part of my dining experience here was the mango sticky rice dessert. I love this dessert and it's hard to get it wrong but some places don't always deliver. This place got it right! It was very good. If you come here, or any Thai place for that matter, do yourself a favor and order it. You will leave happy.The service was ok-not bad. Our servers didn't really seem to mesh well. We had a large party so they split the work and were slightly uncoordinated but still helpful. The building is really nice. I will be going back to try the pad Thai with the house sauce which my schoolmate said was great!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,6/8/2014,131,102,1,8,3>This is my new go-to place for Salt Lake City delivery!  I can order online, pay with credit card or paypal, and I get fantastic food.My group ordered the Onion Rava Masala, Vindaloo, Malabar, and the Saffron Mixed Platter.  The Onion Rava Masala was delicious... slightly sweet that paired very well with the other spicy dishes.  The Vindaloo and the Malabar was both excellent although they could have been spicier for my taste (I did order the extra spicy). I must pay special attention to the Vindaloo as it was excellent and it is difficult to find here in Salt Lake.  The Saffron Mixed Platter was good but not exactly what I was expecting.  It came with a side salad, some cooked veggies, and a variety of proteins.  Tasted good but I probably will not order it again. I was very impressed with my first taste here and I will absolutely be back to try more.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,5/5/2011,21,50,,7,4>I am just a Utah native who likse to cook Latin food but Viva Market is a nice accessible Latino and general grocery store.From people I know who live in this neighborhood, the loss of the old Albertson's made it much harder to get groceries, especially for those without cars. In my opinion, the Viva market is a decent general grocery replacement for many in the neighborhood and a very good Latin market to boot. When you walk in the store, it may take you a second before you realize that this isn't an everyday grocery store. The front of the store is inviting with modern checkout stations. It is well lit, with stocked and grocery organized shelves. It is only after you notice the Latin music and that some of the signs are in Spanish (mostly for products that are Latin in origin, general items had English labels) is it clear that it is a Latin Grocery store. After you walk around, you will see that 1/3 of the store has mostly empty swap meet booths and there is a large deli serving Mexican selections that I have yet to try. They seemed to carry most things that a standard grocery store would have even if the selection is not expansive and the prices on general items didn't seem out of line of what you would spend at other marketsI didn't go to the market to buy general items though I did since I was there. I went here hoping to find a nice Latin market and I was pleasantly surprised. First thing I noticed is they make in house corn and flour tortillas. The package of corn tortillas I bought were still warm and soft, some of the best I can ever remember eating. The prices on Latin produce like tomatillas and peppers very good compared to purchasing at a general store and quality was mostly excellent. They had larger butcher and fresh cheese sections than I have seen at even other Latin markets. I really look forward to exploring these selections more. I think this market is good for the neighborhood and good for anyone who like to get regional Latin ingredients.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,5/4/2011,14,28,4,7,4>Best ever! This place (my family calls it Backer's) is one of those places I would put on my 'last day to live' list. You MUST get the chocolate rum cake. When I just need a taste, I get the small little squares. When I need therapy, I get the dinner cake and park in a deserted parking lot and eat the whole thing with my mom. They have plastic forks for you just in case that is the case. My family has been going to this place ever since my grandmother could eat solids as a wee babe. The prices have gone up a bit once flour prices were raised a few years ago, but I still treat myself and others to this little taste of heaven. Make sure to eat your cake right when it is fresh! The frosting is not like regular frosting you imagine (if you are a frosting hater.) It is light and fluffy and DTF (to die for.) Please get the chocolate rum cake and eat it in your car right after you buy it. Eat all of it and then let me know what happens. LOVE.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,5/3/2011,136,248,12,5,6>HELLS YES! these waffles are a culinary delight and i want it now in my face. Listen it's a dessert and it's not really anything like your pre-mixed pour right out of a bottle to your pan waffles K. These suckers are thick and dense and you you chose from a variety of toppings of which i definitely recommend creme fraiche. I obviously had the creme fraiche and some strawberries and savored every tasty bite. I would give them 5 stars but i came in and ordered right as one girl ended her shift and another started, the one starting looked about 3 times more tired than the one leaving and totally lost my order. So after almost 20 minutes just kickin it outside and watching another customer get theres i asked WHAT UP! The owner, who is actually from Bruge i think, made sure we had them within 2 minutes and the other girl working loaded up on the toppings so it turned out well, i mean the waffle was so good she could have punched me in the face and said shut up and i would still have enjoyed it. I like food.I'll have to try the frites next time, they also look very good.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2009,5/2/2011,14,17,,7,4>Pho (prounounced "fuh") is a Vietnamese rice noodle soup prepared with a variety of meats (usually beef) and served with bean sprouts, basil, lime and peppers that the customer can add to their liking.  Hungry for this delicious oriental cuisine, we headed tonight to Pho Plus.  The building is nothing remarkable on the outside, but the interior immediately grabs your attention with a modern, warm, inviting feel - matched well by the aroma of the authentic dishes.The Pho is amazing.  $6.95 buys an enormous bowl of soup that fills you nicely.  The meat was tender, the sprouts and basil fresh, and the service relatively fast.  They had run out of coke, so I had to settle with a diet coke, but the inconvenience paled to the magnificence of the meal.If you're hungry for soup, forget the canned stuff and treat yourself to Pho Plus.   You'll leave satisfied and just a bit more cultured.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,5/1/2011,21,13,4,3,2>This is a breakfast review. My boyfriend and I went for a late breakfast on a wednesday and we were both very impressed with service, ambiance, and food. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros. 2 eggs, 2 corn tortillas, red sauce, cheese, black beans (cooked properly I might add, not from the can!) pico, avocado, sour cream. DELICIOUS! Very flavorful. My eggs were cooked perfectly! Additionally, as many others have said, their breakfast potatoes are truly tasty. I like how some are crispier than others, it adds to the overall texture of this dish which is only positive (at least for me). My boyfriend ordered Eggs Bene Florentine. He enjoyed it. He said that some potato needed to be included in each bite in order for the salt level to be right. I had only an egg/bread/hollandaise bite and it was definitely way too under salted for me. Tasty yes, but needed much more salt.Coffee was good, refilled at the perfect times. Cheap in terms of pricing. Funky cute design. Our server had absolutely the best mustache ever. He reminded me of Luigi from Super Mario Bothers!!!! Either way, worth your time and your money. Your taste buds will be pretty happy too!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,4/30/2011,8,66,1,4,4>Okay, I'm a donut addict. Yes, I've confessed it. I love them, but only ONE type donut from one place, Parsons. They make incredible cake donuts. Crunchy outside and soft inside, the perfect donut. Not greasy at all. I go for the white cake or chocolate cake with sprinkles (be sure and leave me one if you go).I've tried everyone's and throw rocks at everyone's donuts except Parsons.  I haven't tried much else in Parsons but they have other yummies too, always good.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,4/29/2011,28,127,,6,3>This place is a gem.Dad, Brother, and I wanted to try someplace new and different, so of course, I hopped on Yelp.I haven't had pho since I lived in Denver about four years ago, and my dad hasn't had it in longer. My brother's never had it, so we headed over!It's definitely a dive-y ambiance, but I love those kinds of places. There was a big, clean fish tank, and our table and booth were very clean. It's on the west side of the street and you have to watch for it--look at the picture of the sign on here!The menu was extensive--we weren't expecting so many great options! We wanted pho, though, so that narrowed it down nicely.Brother and I got the P1 (beef pho, house special), and Dad got the P4, meatballs and sliced beef. Brother and I were surprised when we got fatty brisket and tripe in ours, but we ate around it and it was fine.The sliced beef is tender and tasty. The meatballs are good, too, and the noodles are especially good--not gummy or rubbery. There were scallions and cilantro in the broth. The bowls are appropriately huge, and they served us a big plate of bean sprouts, Thai basil, and jalapenos, plus the requisite hoisin and sriracha.My dad and I used to get pho in Little Asia in Denver, so we've had a lot of pho, and this one was great. Complex broth, good ingredients, nice flavor. Yum, yum.Oh! They have boba (bubble tea), too! Not that fake flavored stuff, either. Mine was definitely made with mango puree, and the tapioca balls were not soggy--they had the perfect texture and flavor (not too firm, not too soft). The service was great--our waitress was darling and went above and beyond for us. We ordered our boba teas and only one came out at first. They clearly made it to order, and we hadn't waited long, so I wasn't worried about it. About five minutes later, our waitress brought mine out and said, "I'm so sorry, we ran out of straws (the special wide straws that allow the tapioca pearls to come up), so I went out and bought some for you!"Any place that is willing to go buy me a special straw just because they ran out is awesome in my book. I'll definitely be back. Thanks, Mi Phong Phu!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,4/28/2011,106,208,7,11,8>Having been spoiled with delicious southeast asian food at home all of my life, I have somehow neglected this beloved cuisine in my food adventuring.  And unfortunately, Tea Rose Diner has somehow evaded my radar, well no more I say.  This cozy little diner may look like a tacky flower shop from the outside, and a so so diner on the inside, but man oh man.  My quest for the best Thai food in Utah has been fulfilled.  Except for the small fact that they don't offer stuffed chicken wings.  I ordered the beef larb, a salad of chopped meat, which came with a side of sticky rice and carrots, cucumber, and bean sprouts.  The spice and flavor was spot on, just like my mama's.  However, for the heat intolerant, I'd probably make sure to pass the heat test the owner gives you once you start ordering, or else you will be in for a world of tongue searing pain.  The pad thai was also amazing, perfect level of sweetness and spice!  But what really made my experience was the dessert.  Yes, I know, dessert at an asian place?  Well, that ought to be um... nice?  The joke is on you because for being a place that has two owners on very different ends of the food spectrum, you get the best of both worlds.  They make their own ice cream, which is to die for on its own, but combined with the influence of southeast asian cuisine, and you have one delicious food baby.  In other words, get any of the ice creams served on top of fried bananas, and you will be in dessert heaven, I kid you not.  My personal recommendation:  Coconut Ice Cream with the Fried Bananas.Oh Tea Rose Diner, I will see you again soon.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,4/27/2011,78,130,,5,5>Poplar is one of my favorite bars . The crowd is usually very diverse and drinks are pretty inexpensive. The actually bar is big and it opens up to different rooms.  The patio is also a really good size. The menu is similar to other bar food but includes pizzas. Another plus to poplar is that they have a Ute Bus to the games for $10 which includes lunch and beers on the bus.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,4/26/2011,47,191,,4,3>Oh how I love this place! When I first moved here, I didn't know that I'd ever find a place I loved. Homesick for NY pizza and looking for something better than my neighborhood offered, the boyfriend brought me here.I fell in love with the pizzas. Sure, you can start with the Insalata or the Misto (both tasty and good ways to start a meal) but you need to get into the pizzas to understand why people deal with the wait or the crowds or the noise. I've never had one slice here I didn't like. Favorites are the Quattro Stagioni - divided in quarters, topped with olives, sausage, salami and mushrooms. Nice variety when sharing with the table. The Bianca is nice, but if you don't like arugula, be careful, it's there in excess. I also love the Pizza Lasagna and the namesake pizza, the Settebello. I'm looking forward to another visit when I can try the Diavola and the Carbonara, since I haven't tried those yet.  The service varies, but the food is enough to keep me coming back for more. Give me a glass of red wine (they have a decent selection) a slice of delicious wood fired pizza and the promise of gelato for dessert and I'm one happy woman.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/7/2014,221,489,2,13,5>If you've lived in Salt Lake City for more than a little while, you know that we have far more Thai restaurants than is really necessary. It makes my choices kind of overwhelming when I want to have Thai food because none of them has ever really stood out to me. So when I saw they were opening yet another Thai restaurant in the spot that used to contain Elizabeth's Bakery, I kind of shrugged and didn't think much about it.The other day I did finally find myself in this spot (which is about three blocks from my house, I might add) and now I'm wondering what took so long, because guess what? Out of all the Thai restaurants in SLC, this place found a way to stand out for me. Why? Because their food is actually spicy. My husband and I stopped in for lunch and I got the drunken noodles and he got a combo featuring BBQ pork and Basil Chicken. They didn't ask us how spicy we wanted it. Usually this means the flavor will come back with something between white and super white. Both of our generously large plates contained food that actually kind of made our noses run (and also tasted really good). My drunken noodles had a lot of tasty vegetables in there in addition to generous portions of pork, along with some chunks of spicy Thai chiles. My husband's dishes were also spot on.In addition to that, the service was great. I mean, yes, the place was maybe half full, but our server was very attentive and helpful with recommendations. Overall, it was just an excellent experience and given that I can easily walk to this place from my house, this will be my go-to Thai restaurant in the future.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,4/6/2014,66,164,1,6,4>Cheap but delicious.  I had one of the 4.99 burritos and was blown away by how good the asada tasted for the price, as well as how large the item was . . . again for the price.  Maria Bonita is still my go-to place for Mexican in Utah County, but this place is my current second.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,4/5/2014,63,73,2,5,3>So, my coworkers had a "Pho Challenge" over the course of 5 days and 5 pho/vietnamese restaurants in West Valley City. This one won out based on their analysis. This is a bunch of engineers so you know they were thorough. =pAnyways, here's my analysis:Pro's:- Food quality is very good (the best I've had in Salt Lake Valley so far)- Portions are large- Prices are reasonable- Service is good when not busyCon's:- Slow during busy week day lunch hours.    * I went here at lunch on a work day twice. Service can sometimes be forgetful and slow.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,4/4/2014,105,55,3,8,6>Devil's Daughter has become my post movie wind down spot. Catch an evening showing of the newest YA book turned movie and then bitch about all the things they got wrong while inhaling a ginormous (and I do mean epically huge) plate of nachos. The nachos come piled high with your choice of pulled pork or chicken (I've gotten both and while pork is my favorite the chicken is also delicious), cheese, beans and cilantro. On the side they give you black olives, jalapenos, sour cream, salsa and guacamole. I will say the sides are not enough for the size of the nachos but then again we've never finished the entire plate of nachos so I guess it doesn't matter too much. This last time we went I had the wings. Smoked not fried. They are freaking delicious! They come unsauced and there are 4-5 bottles to choose from on the table. I recommend the Memphis it's smoky and spicy with just a hint of sweet. Wednesdays they're just 33 cents per wing. The drinks are well priced and they have a full bar. Each night of the week they have a different activity. Last time I went was Sunday and they had poker night. The time before that was karaoke night (not my favorite... but quite amusing). The music they play is all over the place. Screaming metal bands to soft country to bumping hip hop.The service is a little slow but the waitresses are always very nice and helpful.  I really want to go back and try some of the specials like Sunday brunch. Don't try to come here after church with the family though, like Lucky 13 and other great brunch places it's a bar and therefore no children.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/3/2014,34,123,1,7,4>Over the past few years I've had more and more opportunities to enjoy Peruvian food.  We have a great selection of Peruvian dining in the state and I'm told by my Peruvian friends that some of it (Del Mar included) is excellent.I love seafood and Del Mar al Lago really provides when it comes to that.  I'm sure that's partly why it's so pricey (for my budget, which favors meals for two at under $20), but eating there once every while doesn't hurt too much :)  And the food really is delicious and it was a new experience for me.  They have multiple dishes that I'd never had and they give useful introductions/explanations for many of their dishes, which makes for a really diner friendly experience.  Servers are also pretty helpful at describing dishes.Service has always been pretty good.  We've been fortunate to beat the rush and find seating rather quickly, though it has filled up by the time we leave.They just remodeled and, if I'm not mistaken, it opened up the rear portion of the restaurant a lot, also adding a bar (that's if my memory from our first visit serves me right).  The ambiance is cool and not overwhelming.  They have some chic decor with an aquatic theme that I think works well with the restaurant.Overall, I would recommend the restaurant.  Why do I give it 4 stars?  I do think the price is a little steep, but quality is definitely high.  Still, it just lacks that oomph that I can't always pinpoint in a 5-star restaurant.  Vague, I know, but it is what it is.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/2/2014,160,294,5,8,8>Some of the freshest fish I've had. That alone impressed me more than anything else about our visit to Asahi. The rolls were really good, with well-thought out and somewhat unique combinations. A small-medium menu, with few choices other than raw. I can't help but talk about the food first, because it really was impressive. The miso soup was absolutely flawless and delicious. Probably the best I've had anywhere. I really wanted a second bowl, but resisted in anticipation of the forthcoming treats.Of course, we had to order the Sweet Jesus roll. How can you not? It was everything it was cracked up to be. Lovely, silky fish packed with delicious flavors. I will crave this roll.The Honeymoon roll was also mouthwateringly good. I don't normally prefer mango in most rolls because the mango itself is rarely served at its proper ripeness. This was perfect, and contributed beautifully with the jalapeno to this yummy roll. No need for additional sauce or wasabi.My least favorite roll of the night was the Heart Attack, and it was still really good. But it was deep fried - don't know how I missed that detail on the menu. I'm not a huge fan of the deep fried approach. Despite its preparation, we forced it right down and didn't hate a moment of it.The service was spot-on, very friendly and informative without being the least bit intrusive or neglectful. She was gracious and lovely, and made our evening even better.Very nice atmosphere dining in, with stylized lighting which made me squint a few times to read the menu. I liked it, though. It was nice for dinner. Sushi bar sat quite a few, and provided a TV behind. Small dining room consists of a few booths, and several tables. Despite its tiny size, it wasn't crowded on a Saturday night, but was steadily busy while we were there, with several to-go orders being carried away.Asahi turned out to be a very nice spot for tasty sushi and nice evening out. Can't wait to come back.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,4/1/2014,80,97,2,9,5>We finally visited Finca. We arrived around 6 on Friday evening and we were seated almost immediately. Our server was friendly and reasonably prompt considering the place was getting busier.We ordered four tapas. The first two to come out were a delicious flatbread with duck, grapes, and arugula and some potatoes with an aioli sauce. The flatbread was a huge hit. I wish they had been a bit more generous with the grapes and duck. It seemed like they skimped a bit on those toppings. The potatoes were delicious but it seemed mostly like your typical home fries served with a nice garlic mayo blend.The next two tapas were the chicken croquettes and some sort of chickpea and squash stew.The croquettes were positively heavenly. Crispy on the outside and savory creamy on the inside. The one thing that annoyed me (and it annoys me when any restaurant does this) is there were three croquettes. It seems to me that it's a rare event when there's an odd number of diners at a table. Would it kill you to put another croquette (or slice of bread or dumpling) on the plate? The stew simply wasn't all that good and I'm at a loss why it wasn't enjoyable. Maybe it really needed some nice crusty bread to complement all of those rich flavors. Maybe the strong flavors in the broth simply didn't work nicely together. I'm still a bit surprised they didn't serve bread of some sort with the stew. I thought the server could've done a bit more instead of say, "maybe you didn't like it because of the sherry vinegar." Ummm okay. Whatever. I guess I'd give this place a solid 3 1/2 stars because the service was for the most part good and most of the items we tried were pretty good, but I don't know that I was blown away with any of them. I'd go back, but it's not one of those places I feel like I just have to get back ASAP. Maybe I'll go back at some point and I'll have a better feel for this place.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/30/2014,83,511,1,10,5>A business with true customer service.  From the lady on the phone to the guy who came and fixed my furnaces and water heater.  They back up there work and take full responsibility.  Prices are very reasonable as well.  Most places want to sell you something but these guys are very honest.  Highly recommend.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,3/29/2014,100,149,7,8,6>Five stars? Are you kidding me.  I thought you were close to the brink already, but now I know for sure - you've lost the remainder of your already severely depleted allocation of marbles. Look, I just read the inane ramblings of your past two reviews. It's clear you've broken down from some form of food-psychosis.But wait. Before you haul me off to the Cheesesteak Emporium or Chuck A Wagon, or wherever you send lost souls like me, hear me out.These guys are open on a Sunday.  When your Crowned ones or Souvlaki'ed others are shuttered and barred - Mad Greek offers the gyro lunatic, sweet greasy refuge and savory sustenance.  And surely its clear by now, lunacy is my favored operating mode.It doesn't hurt one jot that this is a gluttonously good example of a gyro, nothing fancy, just hefty layers of juicy meat, tomato and tzatziki.  The accompanying fries are piled high as Olympus mons too.The crazed pile up of cars this last Sunday only make me more sure of my nut-jobbery, this Mad Greek is a Sunday five star.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,3/28/2014,13,71,4,9,7>Holds up over time- consistent and super tasty. It sounds weird but the surf and turf Crab/roastbeef with cheddar, avocado, and sriracha added is amazing. It has become a sushi inspired favorite.  My wife converted me to this one. Also worthy, the kids grilled cheese, monte cristo ham and turkey with grape jelly, and the wicked, green eggs & ham (Mod it +Tomato, avocado, Sriracha = RED green eggs & ham DELICIOUS)!I love them all!Not much more to say, for this is my 2nd review. Sandwich staff is nice and always do a great job. Also, have you watched their process? They have this zipline to slide orders from the pay station to begin the Wich Building sequence. I just noticed this last time I went.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,1/12/2013,59,170,3,5,3>I've had this problem at a few places:  I walk in, see a lineup of intriguing options, and order what I think to be a decent first step toward exploring the menu, and find myself unable to move from that order.  Just like sometimes you read a great Yelp review and rush to try a place only to find that you probably ordered poorly and don't have the same experience you read about, sometimes you get lucky, walk into a place, and your first taste is so good that it's hard to imagine wanting to move on to the rest of the menu.  The risk is too great.  Your first taste was too good.I first visited for gelato.  I tried the obligatory mini spoons of the various, enticing flavors they had that day and settled on a large half panna cotta, half lemon biscotti.  The lemon is creamy with a bit of acid and the cookie crunch is delightful.  The panna cotta is...mystifying.  I keep dragging people here and asking them to taste it.  In my head, I know that it's a creamy base with chunks of hard caramel coated in chocolate.  When all of that gets together in my mouth, though, I taste root beer float.While having gelato with my wife and daughter one day, a couple at the table next to us opened their pizza box and the most enticing aroma wafted our direction:  truffle oil.  That was our introduction to the Frank Lloyd Wright:  a pizza with marinated mushrooms, arugula, drizzled with truffle oil.  The peppery herb, wilting just a bit from contact with the hot cheese, all robed in the scent and flavor and truffle is nearly perfect.  It's my favorite slice in SL right now.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,1/11/2013,1710,637,2,5,3>Had my first taste of raw milk, waver signed and all. Delicious! They also sell local grass fed beef, jams, cheeses (of course), and ice cream from Utah State University. I ended up buying the blueberry rhubarb jam, SO GOOD. Thankfully they have an area to sample the jams and cheeses with mini-crackers.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,1/10/2013,30,142,1,4,3>Holy flavor town!! In my opinion, you can never go wrong with a big yummy bowl of soup and a delish sammich with some breadsticks. My fav you ask? Tomato soup! Yummers!! The food is always consistent and delish but the best is to come on a cold day in the fall and winter. But be cautioned, a line forms very quickly on those days. So worth the wait. Just wish the place was a little bit bigger that gives the soupd kitchen it's charm. Small, warm and cozy. More of a home-y feel :)
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/9/2013,245,216,2,6,4>I love love love Sorry Clementine. I've been following Suzanne from market to market for a little over a year now and I'm so excited that she has a store front. Back when I first discovered her at the downtown farmers market last year, I fell in love with her fun colorful tops but I thought she just recycled old shirts. Nope. She full on makes each and every piece so you might see similar styles and fabrics but no two pieces is the same and I love that.  She also does awesome screen prints that she designs herself. I love the jackalope and the jellyfish! If you see a style you like but she doesn't have your size, ask Suzanne about a custom piece! The back side of her store is where she makes these beauties and I know she'd be happy to make something work for you.I have a handful of shirts from Sorry Clementine and I love adding more. My current favorite is a sea foam green, white, and gray long sleeve with a lacy back and bow on the front. Any time I wear any of my shirts, I get complimented and so many people have asked where they can get it. Her store is across the street (just west) from the walgreens. I love how she decorated the space and the walls make the small space bright and open. I'm also in love with the recycled bicycle wheel racks. So fun. To add to her clothes, she also carries a couple of local jewelry lines: Peach Treats and Easily Amused. I'm very familiar with Peach Treats as I've seen her gauges (real and fake) at the markets as well. The best part of Sorry Clementine is the lady behind it. Suzanne is so friendly and sweet as can be. You may see her husband around the shop here and there and he's great too. If you're lucky, you'll get to see their dog, Falcor. He's the keeper of the shop with his menacing puppy dog eyes, droopy tongue and snot bubbles.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,1/8/2013,30,91,3,2,4>This is a great local business. Situated in a tiny building right off busy State Street near Downtown SLC, Epic Brewing Company is a true gem! The Brewing Company can only seat 8 people in their tap room, where there are no taps (hence "tapless" tap room), serving all of their beers fresh from the bottle. The staff whom man the room are the same people who brew the beer, so trust me when I say they are passionate about what they do!This is no run of the mill typical brew pub, this place is sure to meet the expectations of any true beer lover. These are no typical waiters/waitresses like you'll find at Squatters/Wasatch/Red Rock, they know how the beer is made, what is in it, and generally the whole process. They also are home brewers, and can chat up any knowledgeable brew apprentice. The single factor that set these folks apart - they didn't hesitate to tell me what their favorite beers were in town - and I'm not talking about their favorite Epic brews - their favorite Uinta's/Wasatch. So time for the nitty gritty. Their sandwiches and cheese platters are an excellent compliment to sampling the beers. But who are we kidding, I didn't come cor the cheese plate, I came for the beers!Epic Brewery prides themselves on making STRONG beers. There's a couple 4.5% on the menu, but most are in the 7-9% range. So bring your man pants, this ain't the Churchislature approved water they sell at Smiths Marketplace, there's devil juice in those bottles. Hands down the beer that had the most lasting impression was their SMOKED PORTER. I've had it before, but hot damn, it's delicious! The SMOKED AND OAKED BELGIAN STYLE ALE was to die for (and quite possibly literally, it's 11%), but if you are not a fan of Whiskey, steer clear. It's aged in whiskey barrels, and it has a very strong whiskey taste (if the barrels are in one of their early rotations). HOP SYNDROME was delicious and refreshing. The IMPERIAL RED ALE was the bees knees - but a little strong to be a roadie. Here's what I've tried (ranked from most fav, to least)1) Smoked Porter2) Hop Syndrome Lager3) Hopulent IPA4) Brainless Belgian-Style Golden Ale5) Imperial IPA6) Imperial Red Ale7) Smoked & Oaked Belgian-Style Ale8) Straight up Saison, Belgian-Style Ale9) Sour Apple Saison, Belgian-Style Ale
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,1/7/2013,51,331,1,3,5>I'm angry. Angry at myself for waiting this long to try Eva.We sat on their small patio. It was a warm day but the tall walls provided us with perfect shade. Service was very friendly and warm.Our group of four tried the cauliflower, asparagus, spanakopita, oink oink oink (the dish, not a description of us), Spanish green salad, and the crab cakes. Everything was a hit, with the exception of the cauliflower, which I found overcooked and kind of bland. But the rest of the dishes were spot-on. My favorites were the...well, everything I just listed above. The oink^3 had some delicious pork belly, and bacon-wrapped garlic. Yep. Bacon-wrapped garlic. The Spanish salad had a really nice truffle vinaigrette, manchego cheese and delicious marcona almonds.This is definitely a place to bring friends and eat family-style to be able to enjoy the full range of their dishes. I can't wait to come back.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,1/6/2013,496,962,1,5,3>MacCool's has gotten incrementally better since my first couple of visits a few years ago. Since it's within walking-to, and staggering-from, distance from our house, we have become regulars at this location. There are still some offerings that I shy away from for various reasons, but the menu selection is so immense that there are always plenty of good, solid, choices. The buffalo shepherd's pie is fantastic with sausage, buffalo and venison. Yow! The steak salad is fantastic, if I'm in the mood for something light. And the lamb riblets are fantastic as an appetizer. The beers here are ice cold and they usually have a "visiting" beer that's not on the menu. Last weekend it was a beer from Deschutes in Oregon and it was dee-licious. The sandwiches at MacCool's are good, but I haven't had one that was anything to write home (or a stellar review) about. 1/2 price apps on Tuesdays are a good reason to stop by, but the lamb ribs aren't included. Bummer.I stick by my original review about getting sick from their mussels. Yah, I know this may not be the best place to get seafood, but if it's on the menu it should be SAFE! And the P.E.I. mussels are STILL on the menu, so they must have learned how to spot the bad ones and are now only serving the good.The service at MacCool's is always spot-on as well. Next item on the agenda... brunch!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,1/5/2013,19,93,,3,2>I recently heard about this place, especially since the fire next door that burned part of the bar. I went with a buddy of mine and sat out on the patio. The bar is pretty cool and has a great patio area. Unfortunately the view is of the refinery and sometimes that place will make a lot of noise for a while. I was okay with that since it goes with the 'garage' theme. I read that they make a mean burger, chicken & waffles and philly. Since we had never been there we opted to try the first two and split them. The Garage burger was awesome. I looooved it. Now one of my favorites in town, not to mention the perfect house-cut fries. I just would have like the jalapeño dijon to actually be a little spicy. The chicken & waffles on the other had was not so good. The chicken was really dry and over cooked, almost burnt. It tasted like old left over chicken that had been refried. I thought about sending it back but we had eaten most of it because we were starving. I saw some other chicken come out looking pretty good so I think ours was an oversight, but it was a major oversight. That chicken shouldn't have come out of the kitchen looking like that. It was obviously overcooked just to the naked eye. I hope they have tighter reins on that. The sad part was that I talked my friend into trying it since he had never had chicken and waffles. This was his first time and he'll probably never try them again. Otherwise everything else was perfect. The servers and bartenders were top notch and very friendly. We had great conversations with a few of them. I'll definitely be back for the burgers, and maybe I'll try the philly too, but I'll probably shy away from the chicken and waffles.(Photos Included)
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,1/4/2013,48,176,2,2,2>Okay, I'll admit I feel like a little kid again when I go to the zoo.  It's even more fun to take my 2 year old who is absolutely CERTAIN that the animals are all there to see him.Gone are the days when you saw large cats locked in steel and cement enclosures. Gone are the hippo pens that gave them barely enough room to turn around.  This is the NEW zoo!!!  The animals are getting new, larger habitats. The zoo is less interested in getting you 6 inches away and more interested in giving the animals some quality of life and us a chance to experience them.Particular kudos goes to the new Rocky Shores exhibit.  We now have a polar bear, a bunch of seals, river otters, and other animals that you don't exactly have in your backyard.  The habitats are very friendly to the animals and give great vantage points to the visitors.  Coming in the next few years is another savannah exhibit giving the giraffes and other animals a more natural experience.Oh, and I would suggest the season's pass.  $80 gets you and all the booger eaters in all year.  3 visits and it's paid for.  WELL worth the investment.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,1/3/2013,150,214,,5,2>Like other reviewers have stated, all rolls here are 50% off just like their sister restaurant Red Ginger Bistro. So what's the difference between the two? No wait, quieter atmosphere, and I think the freshness of the fish and quality of the rolls are better! Take the extra drive south, and come to this location instead!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,3/7/2012,9,27,5,10,4>This is a taco cart on 8th and State; the one on 800 South facing South. Tacos el Toro. I won't say much, other than you need to get over your street vendor hesitation and visit these folks NOW. Why pay $8 for a Cafe Rio burrito when you can get the same thing here for $3. Yeah, $3 for a big burrito stuffed with the meat of your choice (from beef, chicken, carnitas, tongue, intestine, and some other things I don't know how to translate).They also have street-style tacos 2 for $1.50, and quesadillas for $3. I specifically vouch for the carnitas burrito, with (on a side bar) cabbage, jalapenos, serrano chiles and the green salsa. It's awesome, and the folks behind the cart doing the cooking will even fold your burrito up for gringos after you've added your extras. I've been here at least 15 times and have NEVER had any stomach issues. Don't let your misconceptions about street vendors dissuade you; they have to follow the same strict rules as everyone else regarding sanitation and cleanliness, and they do a fine job of it.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,3/6/2012,106,206,6,7,5>ZOMGZOMGZOMGZOMGCan I just leave my review at that?Fine, well let me tell you a story.  It's about a 20-something girl who used to live about 20 miles from the CA-Mexico border.  Once upon a time, she had this one taco place  that she loved for its delicious authenticity. In fact, this taco place had originally had a restaurant in Tijuana, and had opened up shop across the border because it had been doing so well (and I bet they thought they could charge the gringos double!).  She used to drive half an hour in SNOW, BOTH WAYS, (no, not really,) to eat these tacos. Then, this girl moved to Utah and thought that she'd never find anything as good ever again.But she was wrong!!!  Tacos Don Rafa has awesomely delicious tacos for $1.50 for 2: hot, doubled-up little corn tortillas topped with your choice of meat.  They have pastor, lengua, cabeza, barbacoa, carnitas... and then a cooler full of different salsas, pico de gallo, crema, sliced limes, radishes...  They also have burritos (also delicious) and quesadillas for $3 a pop. They leave it open so you can stuff all the salsas and fixins in there before you wrap it up and stuff it in your mouth.Yeah, this place is so good that my husband and I went 2 days in a row. And now I'm thinking that maybe I'll go tomorrow too.P.S. We just parked in the Sears lot, which is almost always half empty anyways.  Besides, you'd be able to tell quickly if they're about to tow you.  This cart is the one on State Street.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,3/5/2012,63,225,6,9,6>We had a chef friend from San Francisco in town for Sundance and on his way back from Park City to catch a flight home, we met for dinner. He suggested Forage, my boyfriend countered back with Soup Kitchen (seriously??). I got on yelp and found Sea Salt, which seemed like a good compromise, although definitely more in the vein of Forage than Soup Kitchen!We walked in around 6:30 to a pretty empty restaurant, which was slightly alarming, but by the time we left at 8:15, it was hopping! It is a very white inside, without being stark, cold and bright. It felt warm and intimate.We were seated at a table that had a banquette on one side and two chairs on the other side. Food is incredible here, just incredible! We ordered a couple of starters for the table first. The Arancini di Riso is amazing!! Fried balls of saffron rice with buffalo cheese and mushrooms inside, served on a bed of arugula. I have been daydreaming about these all week! We also picked the special, Cipolline e Barbabietolain Agrodolce con Burrata- grilled onions and beets with a really wonderful sweet balsamic reduction served with cheese and bread. We were all fighting for the last pieces of onion and practically licked the plate clean of the balsamic! We chose the small olive dish as well. These olives were unlike anything I've ever had before. They almost tasted like avocado- very rich, creamy and not salty. The olive oil they came in was also very very good- we asked for a basket of bread to dip in it. I ordered the Gnocchi alla Norma- omigoodness!!!! I am not embarrassed to admit that I ate everything on my plate, even after all the appetizers. Just perfect!!! There was also a Spaghetti alla Puttanesca, a Grilled Wild Scottish Salmon and a Salsiccia di Maiale con Fagioli all' Uccelletto at the table Everyone was really happy with what they'd ordered- once the entrees arrived, we barely talked! We finished with melon sorbetto, pannacotta and tiramisu- nothing disappointed! Service by Kristi was terrific! She was extremely pleasant and truly seemed like she wanted to be there. She had good recommendations when we asked and didn't wince at our horrible Italian pronounciation (go look at the menu online- when it's your turn to order, I'm guessing you'll be pointing too!). Very professional.The ONLY negative thing I could say is that the hostess was very unpleasant and did not want to help. When we walked in to be seated, she was texting and could barely put the phone down to show us to our table. Later on, when we asked for a wine menu from her (we were seated very close the hostess station and our server was no where in sight), she audibly sighed and rolled her eyes. Once our food came, someone in our party asked for salt and was given insane amounts of attitude by this hostess, who wordlessly banged the ramekin down on our table. Not going to ruin anyone's night, but lose to 'tude, sister.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,3/4/2012,33,37,3,4,4>Let me first start by saying i LOVE thai food. I mean, if there was a cuisine I had to eat for the rest of my life, thai (or vietnamese or cambodian) might be it. I got this groupon for this place a few weeks ago and so we decided to grab some take-out from this place. We got the Rad Nah noodles and the Pad Kee Mow. For appetizers, we got the Kui Chi (chive dumplings) and the fresh spring rolls. AMAZING. Everything was super delicious and spiced right. The portion sizes were great. And the variety that we had to choose from was spectacular. I'm positive that I'll keep going back there for more thai food.The thing my husband liked about it most was that it was not super greasy or like too heavy. It was just perfect.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,3/3/2012,118,131,,4,3>How have I not reviewed this place yet? I think Fats may be the perfect example of my somewhat biased reviews but oh well. Biased in the sense that I only get 1 thing but I absolutely love it. During lunch, they have free pool which is great, and they also have plenty of TVs to watch whatever game happens to be on that day. They have a decent beer selection and now have a liquor license which is pretty cool. I don't see it as a place I'd want to really hang to drink liquor, but to each their own.  Now on to the good part... food! The TNT burger is proof that humans should eat meat. Sorry you vegetarians but this burger IS science. Okay im kidding, but it is my favorite burger in SLC. Not quite as spicy as i'd like, but its put together very well. It comes with enough fries to feed a small valley and they are baked instead of fries. Many times, i'll find almost half of my fries have burnt ends which is my favorite thing in the world. The service is good and the atmosphere is fun... what more can you ask for?
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,3/2/2012,114,115,6,10,9>Holy cow this is a hidden place! Look for the Ivy business complex. This place does so many things right, at least how I think a neighborhood cafe should be. The people there are sassy from the workers to the regulars. This place lives up to their name, things kinda move at their own pace although the entire time the kitchen was working at a frenzied rate. I had a hard choice as everything on the menu looked great! So I ended up order TWO breakfasts for myself the baked French toast and the Lazy Day Special. The local farm fresh eggs we cooked as ordered. The hashbrowns were well cooked without being mushy and the right balance of regular and crispy strips of potato. The bread of choice was their biscuit, oh so delicious-light and flaky. I can't wait to try their biscuits and gravy! The only disappointment was the bacon, that magical beast. It was thin and overly greasy and limp. (see photo) The baked French toast is more like a bread pudding with nuggets of cream cheese mixed in with the blueberries. My tongue tingled with delight over the textures of this baked delight.So you have been warned that this made from scratch, super good food is worth waiting for. So instead of getting impatient at the service, strike up a conversation and relax, kinda like waiting around for Thanksgiving dinner with family. And just like Thanksgiving dinner, the good stuff goes fast. Don't be surprised that they run out of some items, like Utah scones since they take a day to make.PS. All the other patrons had 20 years on me. I was glad this place wasn't full of hipsters and trendy people. There was a woman who's hair was as purple as her sweater, but she was a grandma. Lots of retired blue collar folks. When the priest walked in, I knew this had to be good.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,3/1/2012,22,64,3,5,6>E=MC Smart CookieThis place has creeped up as one of my go to places for a quick delicious treat. Smart Cookie doesn't have a complex menu nor is it too busy to where you need a cliff notes to understand their menu. They bake their cookies fresh daily and you can really taste the freshness. It reminds you of the times when you go to your grandparents and the air is fogged with the scent of fresh baked cookies. Yeah, you know that rich, delicious, mouth watering smell don't you? They have cookie selections from sugar cookies topped with icing, to the original classics like chocholate chip, cinnamon sugar, peanut butter, oatmeal raisin and then they also have some of my favorites like m&m and heath bar cookie.You in love yet? My recommendation, and what they are known for is the cookie sandwhich. You pick two cookies and a scoop of Dreyers Ice Cream (about 8 flavors, usually just the classics). Imagine taking two clouds and putting a rainbow with a pot of gold in between them and then taking a bite. Sounds soft, delicious and rewarding right? Well, thats what Smart Cookie is. Best part, this creation is only $3 including tax. Oh heres another budget friendly tip, they sell their day olds as the open the following day for a discounted price. Wow Smart Cookie, talk about being recession friendly. They are open late on weekends and they are located next the theaters and a thai food place. Bingo! Your next date is planned. You can call me hitch if you'd like.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,2/29/2012,134,150,1,5,4>This is an Updated review: if you want to see Jared, he is still amazing and now works at Image Studios!Ulysses is such a cool hair salon.  I love everything about it.  Its so cool I wouldn't even mind waiting for my appointment here because the space is so airy and warm and historic with great music and magazines.  But I've never had to wait because Jared my fabu hairdresser is so dedicated that he would come in on his day off to do my hair!  Like this past saturday.  Thank you Jared!!  He is all about getting you looking and feeling great.  And once again, he has covered every gray on my head, which not an easy feat at all, in fact he is the only hair artist who has ever done it.  I love this place!!  Time spent at Ulysses with Jared is a pleasure.  Try him out!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,2/28/2012,496,962,4,6,7>So THIS is New York style pizza! Skinny and floppy, just like on TV and in the movies! I've never had anything, anywhere, that looks and acts exactly like what I think of when I think NYC pizza. I've never been to New York (yet), so I can't comment on the true authenticity, but it looks real to me. And the flavors here are excellent. I loved the potato bacon... and the bird dog (with bacon)... and the one with freshly sliced jalapenos and meatballs. The sauces were great, the toppings were fantastic and the crust was beautiful and super tasty. I love the pizza at the Piehole! The ambiance is very cool too. A little divey. A little underground. A bit hip, with lots of stickers and graffiti plastered all around. $1 PBR's is a beautiful thing! This is going to become one of my go-to spots for sure!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,2/27/2012,68,80,4,1,4>The Park Cafe trumps all other SLC breakfast food IMHO. We went on a Saturday morning during breakfast time and found a parking spot right in front of the store, got seated after 1 minute of waiting, and had our food in about 15 minutes. I'm pretty sure we only spent like 30 minutes here total. That is what I'm talking about!I ordered the french toast, which is TEXAS-sized, with two eggs, potatoes and bacon. After spilling syrup everywhere out of pure excitement, I finally dug in and was in hangover heaven! So delicious. The french toast was the perfect mix of everything: bread, egg, powdered sugar, etc. The potatoes were nice and potatoey, the eggs were eggs, and the bacon... oh the bacon! I haven't been eating meat lately but I could NOT resist the tempting fried piece of fat placed ever so delicately on the side of my plate. Against my better judgement, I ate a piece. Oh the juicyness! Do I feel guilty, you ask? Nay! Totally worth it. Not a single f*** was given.Thank you, Park Cafe, for your pure awesomeness. I'll be back. Soon.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,12/10/2012,118,169,3,10,5>After hearing their ads for years on the radio, I pulled into the lot singing the jingle. 'Low Book Sales'.No, I wasn't there to buy a car. It just so happens that their service department was have a sale, $5 for emissions tests! Luckily that was all I needed for my car this year. I walked into the service waiting area and was surprised to find it filled with a self-serve popcorn machine and fountain drink dispenser, and new looking, cushy leather couches. Nice. I didn't partake of the food, feeling bad since I was only spending $5, and because I wasn't sure I trusted the popcorn. But, a very nice gesture on their part.When I found the deal online, I was fully expecting to be 'sold to' when going in. To my great delight, there was none of that! I handed the guy my renewal card and my keys, sat on the couch, read my book for 15-20 minutes, got my papers back and swiped my card for $5. Seriously $5. And then left. I wouldn't say anyone there seemed particularly happy to be at work. But they all did what they do very functionally, and I left feeling like I had won.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,12/9/2012,146,292,10,6,5>A four-star rating may be a bit bloated considering they were out of crawfish when we visited, but given that there is no other bucket like this one in Utah, four seems fair. Let me start at the end: Considering how much traffic they must get, the bathrooms are impressively clean (I'm talking hand-washing people...). Also, I don't remember any hideous soap perfume tainting my mussels. Avoiding crappy antibacterial soap that smells like grandma is extra important when you're eating with your hands.[Side rant -- BBQ, sushi, crawfish boil joints and the like should be required to stock only unscented hand soap -- End soap box.]We went with mussels, shrimp, and sweet potato fries. Do not overlook the fries. The mussels were in garlic butter. Easily the best thing we ate.The shrimp were in cajun. Here's the deal with the shrimp. You need to peel them, suck out the heads, then throw the bodies back in the bag for some sauce. Even so, I'd try all the other sauces before cajuning again.Next time, corn in the bag.Their taps were down that day. Not okay. "So fix it, Dear Henry ..."Also, they need more better cooler beer.Very solid place to eat before an RSL game. That way, you can surreptitiously smell your hands while no one is scoring.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,12/8/2012,19,45,,4,2>So, I've started going on a vegetarian diet and wanted to check out what Pho Bien Hoa had to offer.Upon entering, we were greeted and seated, like normal. We were then given the menus. I was happy to see that there was a vegetarian section! There wasn't a whole lot of dishes, but the small selection that was available seemed pretty good.I eventually ordered the Vegetarian Curry Noodles (Bun Cari Chay) and the vegetarian spring rolls (Goi Cuon Chay). The spring rolls came out first. They had tofu, radish, carrots, and cilantro as the stuffing. The rolls were also accompanied by peanut sauce. This was a good appetizer!Next came the curry noodles. Of course, instead of meat, tofu was used as a substitute. Surprisingly, I wasn't able to tell the difference. The texture and feel of the tofu seemed like chicken. The noodles were soft and done just right.Side notes - our waitress was a trainee. I would overhear her trainer telling her to always keep an eye on our water and make sure to refill it. Also, my parents had some pho and used all the basil and bean sprouts. The trainer told our waitress that she should ask if we want more, even though it may not seem like it. He said it was just out of courtesy to customers. That just tells how the staff at Pho Bien Hoa treat their customers! The good was also great! I highly recommend it!
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,12/7/2012,99,162,4,3,3>As someone who tends to steer clear of sandwich shops, I was especially perplexed when the craving struck me at 9:30 AM: I wanted a panini.  Bad.  Living in Park City, however, that's darn near impossible -- or it was until now.  By some stroke of luck, Cortona Gelateria opened in Kimball two weeks prior to my yearning.  I called (yes, at 9:30 AM) to check the hours, and was delighted to find out that they would be open from 11 AM - 9 (or 9:30) PM.This place is adorable a la Boston's North End married New Mexico!  The pop-art like murals - think Charles Fazzino meets an Italian street artist -  add whimsy to an already eclectic eatery.  With brightly painted yellow walls, a counter featuring about 7 seats and a handful of deli-style tables, this is the perfect place for lunch, a quick dinner, or a great snack.  Transcending most casual PC spot, their amazing coffee invites one to sit at the counter for hours with a solid book.Beyond offering a variety of salads, soups, and Italian paninis made-to-order, the local owners offer a variety of homemade gelatos and desserts paired with small-town friendliness to boot.   The clearly foodie owners are excited to tell you all about their featured Lavazza coffee beans, creating the unbelievably delicious baked goods and gelato - ahem - from scratch, or their background.  These Park City residents both stem from Italian famlies, and have truly paid homage to their heritage with this adorable cafe, which I give 4.5 stars.Indecisive glutton that I am, I not only mowed down my Capri Panini (grilled eggplant, caramelized onions, tomato, fresh mozzarella, basil, and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar), but opted for hazelnut gelato and a cannoli.  In one word: divine.  It was suggested I try additional flavors, but I knew I would want them all, and didn't want to leave with pints of future fat in hand.I can't wait to return to try each and every handmade gelato flavor.   One thing to bear in mind:  In its classic Italian vein, Cortona features artisinal soda, espresso beverages, etc, but there is no soda fountain.  It didn't irk me in the slightest, but my dining companion was bugged by it. This, of couse, was rapidly forgotten after he stole and finished my cannoli.  ALSO, the pastry case rotates so that the owner can keep only the freshest dolce!
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,12/6/2012,103,85,10,10,11>I am giving Ripple's FIVE stars because what the heck, it's delicious and they are kickin' it old school.  This is a real deal drive in.  You can't sit inside, sorry! But what they lack in interior spaciousness they make up for in burgers and shakes. Get a cheeseburger and fries, and don't even think about skipping the shake.  I usually feel like a shake is too much with a B&F (burger and fries, duh), but their burgers are little old things so pony up and get yourself a shake. Fresh strawberry is a winner.  Did I mention this place is dirt cheap?  It's DIRT CHEAP.  Anytime I think that, though, some penny pinching moron writes a review saying how "overpriced" it is for the "small portions."  Please.  Don't even get me started.UPDATE! I just read the other reviews and a penny pinching moron- true to form- said this place is overpriced.  Sigh.......I want to be wrong just once.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/5/2012,349,631,,4,2>Well, I am not really a Texan, but I am a fan of a variety of Mexican cuisines.  I was actually in the mood for Mexican food that day and it was a Sunday, so all the good places I know is closed, then I found this place and remember my good Texan friend AG recommended this place before.  I was the other table in the dining room, but it is not awkward in Utah on a Sunday during lunch hour.  They got great ambience with TV and nice colourful decors.The server Adam recommended a few dishes on the menu he likes, and I went with the Enchilada Dinner.  While I was waiting, the chip and salsa just keep coming, and the chips were very good.  Salsa could use a little more kick to it.  The enchilada arrived shortly on a somewhat hot plate.  The tortilla got nice balance in softness, not too chewy or gooey.  The seasoning was great on everything from the meat to bean, and even the rice was good, especially coming from a picky-Asian-rice-eater like myself. Campos Tex Mex changed my view on some of the Mexican dishes, I had half-expected dish to be a pile of melted goo and cheese, but I see this place entirely different now.  I have a feeling I will definitely come back here, especially when they open on Sunday.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,12/4/2012,186,563,1,6,1>I'm not sure what else I can add that someone hasn't already said here but I've got to chime in and sing the praises of El Chubasco.It's true, the salsa bar is what really makes the place fantastic. I made a little bit of a bonehead mistake and didn't notice the heat ratings under each label, so of course I began the meal by digging right into that mango salsa. Several minutes of gulping down water in panic later and I was recovered enough to try everything else. The tomatillo salsa was my absolute favorite and I disagree with the two chili rating. I would consider this one to be very very mild. Or maybe it just felt that way after the mango apple.Can't comment on the red meats, I don't eat them. I was super enthusiastic about vegetarian being an option for every dish. I opted for tacos and added shrimp. They were great, but not amazing until they got a good dousing of salsas from the bar.I will definitely be back here again in the future!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,12/3/2012,12,126,6,5,5>"Do you want that the usual way--hot and wet?"There is no other answer than "hell, yes."Let me back up. Cubby's is a glorious hole in a strip mall that smells of meat. I hit the place about noon, and it was pretty full. I ran my eyes up and down the menu. There were some tempting items: Chicago dog, sausage, a sausage on a bun dunked in hot gravy; but I decided I wanted The Original and some saucy buffalo fries. Whilst I awaited satisfaction, the place went from pretty full to stuffed.My meat came out all sloppy and drippy, but it tasted good. There was a lot of beef, and it was topped with stuff.This is a place I could come again and again.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,12/2/2012,30,97,1,5,3>Pie ala mode anyone? Forget that! Just make it a pie shake!The concept may seem pretty simple, pie and ice cream, an American tradition. But the pulverizing of the two together is genius!While Sammy's serves a full menu of burgers and sides, I can only speak to the genius of the pie shake. With a lengthy menu of shake options, ranging from your traditional shake flavors, to the unique pie shakes and now, (Sweet Tooth Fairy) cupcake shakes, it's hard to decide on just one! And then, with so many options for each category, it's near impossible to believe that you are getting the full experience with only one flavor.Despite the dilemma, we narrowed our pie shake choice down to apple cobbler, peach cobbler or coconut cream pie, all very popular flavors. We chose apple cobbler and essentially, were blown away! The ice cream was creamy and thick, and the gold mine of full pie pastry and apple chunks left me knowing that Sammy's doesn't skimp.The service was great and everyone working there was really having a great time. One of the workers even came by and sat next to us to chat. I asked him what the most popular pie flavor was and he said banana cream pie. Next time...My only complaint is the location. It's off a really busy street and with limited designated parking spots, we had to drive a little further east to find a spot on the curb. It was 11 pm at night and I must say, it was discomforting to have to walk around piles of beer bottles and we felt both sympathy and unease knowing we were disturbing the local street residents sleeping under the large trees along the road as we made our way to and from the car. While this is out of the control of the restaurant, I do feel compelled to mention it just as a heads up when parking.Bottom line: The pie shake is a MUST TRY!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,12/1/2012,114,115,,7,6>That other brick and mortar waffle place is in trouble.Saturday's Waffle starts all their dishes with a perfectly crisp, non doughy center, liege style waffle. Sure you can get the usual fruit and sweet type toppings but where they really shine are their savory creations like the Benny (think eggs benedict) Caprese or even the huevos rancheros. The savory topping (especially bacon) combined with the caramelized pearl sugar will make your mouth dance with joy. When they're not swamped, take a minute to chat with the three owners in bow ties. They're really good guys to talk with.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,7/8/2012,42,127,9,3,4>Great authentic Mexican food. Awesome staff - "gracious" is a perfect adjective. The fresh fruit drinks are fantastic. The tacos (especially al-pastor) are great. The ambiance is charming, if not a little incongruous (you'll see what I mean).On to more pressing issues. Why...WHY is it called Chungas? Go to Urban Dictionary...on 2nd thought, here you go...here are the possible options - I haven't left out any:- a slang word or derogatory term for a latina- slut or whore- poor,distasteful,without class, crappy- sex, in the past, present, or future tense. Usable both as a noun or a verb: "I would chunga that girl till the sun came up!", "I could use some chunga right now.",  "Where's Mike? Oh, he's off with his girl getting some chunga."- Alcohol or booze of any kind or variety. (It's worth noting that Chungas does not serve alcohol, so this is out)- A build up of dirty slush and snow that collects behind car tires in the Northern Latitudes.- feminine version of chung - which means buffI don't care, but I think it's hilarious. This restaurant is awesome.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,7/7/2012,102,47,4,9,9>Plum Alley is a very unassuming new establishment sitting once where Sicilia Pizza & Kitchen used to reside, just West of its sister restaurant, The Copper Onion. It's a communal dining atmosphere, with bar seating by the kitchen and along the road,  with shared tables seating 8 comfortably in the middle under delightful coloured lanterns. I enjoy this style of dining, and it made me reminisce about the simplicity of a beloved Thai restaurant in London, and a beautiful local Seattle restaurant. It also had me asking why it took so long for SLC to have the pleasure of the wonderful atmosphere and dining experience that is Plum Alley?There were three of us at dinner, and as the plates are all served family style we picked a few things to kick off the night; Pork Belly Satay (three skewers of heaven with delicious peanut sauce), Assorted Steam Buns (4 buns with tofu, duck, and pork), and one of their specials Green Curried Fried Rice with Shrimp (big and perfectly cooked Prawns). Everything was amazing, including the very basic orange tofu. The Pork Belly just peeled straight off of the skewer, and then continued to melt lovingly in your mouth. I was very tempted to just keep eating the peanut sauce after we'd finished the pork, but restrained myself ;)By this time we were all happy and wanting a little something extra, so we ordered a serving of the Vegetable Spring Rolls, which were the perfect finale as the crisp fresh vegetables really cleared our palates and left us feeling content.We pondered more, but were swayed by the dessert menu and ordered a trio that would compliment anyones desires; Coconut & Lime sorbet, Ginger ice-cream, and their special Thai Basil Chocolate Cake.This was perfection in threes, but completely capable of standing by themselves, each distinct with the flavours mentioned, and an amazing end to our experience.Along with the food the three of us each enjoyed a different glass of red wine from their simple yet varied drink menu, and two (yes, they were that good) of the Yuzu Lao Ram rum based cocktail, that tasted like nothing I've ever experienced before.All in all, this was a fantastic dining experience, and I can't wait to head back and eat the rest of the menu with more of my friends. Kudos Plum Alley, kudos.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,7/6/2012,46,98,1,7,3>Stopped by here for lunch with family, I was informed wherever we ate needed to be Italian food and the Olive Garden was suggested.  After some quite exquisite negotiating on my part, I managed to reroute us to Faustina.The layout of the restaurant is nice and open, with lots of natural light flowing in.  I could see it getting a little noisy when it's packed, but it was only about half full by the time we made it in this day.  Our waitress seated us promptly and we got going.I ordered the Deli Sandwich and was very impressed.  The ingredients were all bursting with flavor with nice fresh bread holding it all together.  My wife ordered the Salmon BLT, which came with an enormous salmon filet and thick, crispy bacon.Unfortunately, I had to duck out before dessert, however I heard it was delicious.  For $12 on their lunch special I will definitely be coming back to Faustina in the future.  Might have to try dinner as well.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,7/5/2012,53,148,5,19,11>UPDATED REVIEW:I have come here several times after my original review and I am a FAN! Practice makes perfect they say and I truly believe it here - I'm changing my review from 4 stars to 5 stars!! This is my new favorite Peruvian place to go - service is prompt and friendly, food is yummy (Tacu tacu con salsa de mariscos is a MUST!) and the aji sauce and rocoto sauce are so good. Prices I guess are reasonable for the delicious food, and for a little piece of home is priceless.  They also have lunch menú (note the accent in the u, meaning, this is a combo lunch with appetizer, entree and drink) for less than $10! Check their FB page for daily updates on their "menú". I highly recommend this restaurant!! See original review below.This place just opened three weeks ago. It's on a quiet little parking lot by a Marriott. Size of the restaurant is nice and the decoration makes you feel like you're by the ocean. All furniture seem to be new and the whole place was spotless. We were greeted by a hostess/server who seated us right away and was very friendly. The menu is long and there are lots of choices - we were overwhelmed! Right away I noticed all dishes are quite pricey, including appetizers starting at around $8 and a ceviche - normally considered an appetizer - was averaging $12. Since its an actual cevicheria we decided to go for it and try a ceviche. We ordered the ceviche del mar al lago($15). It was a nice portion and included mixed seafood and some fried calamari too. I really liked that the fish tasted fresh and it wasn't tilapia. Every other place I've been to uses tilapia as their "fish of the day" and I can't stand that fish. The ceviche was really good and I have to admit it was probably the best ceviche I've ever tried in the U.S. Still, as a warning - it was VERY spicy! Like, get-your-nose-running spicy. I personally think ceviche is a spicy dish anyway so I took my sweet time to finish it, and my husband who is American but has been exposed to Peruvian food quite a bit also enjoyed it. We both sort of wished it was a little less spicy or that we would have been asked how spicy we wanted it, just so we could share it with my 2 year old. We also ordered the causa vs choros app. Both causa and choros (mussels) were good, but I still prefer the choros from k-Rico, more lime-y and with real Peruvian size corn instead of the small American corn. My husband also ordered the Lomo saltado ($13) which he orders everywhere he goes (he's a good judge of it by now) and for $13 he was expecting to be blown away, but he wasn't. He thought it was good, but not amazing. I almost feel bad giving our own personal opinion on this because the owner who we met there, was so friendly and went out of her way to check on us and make sure we were enjoying our dishes. I'm not saying the dish was bad, just didn't quite live up to the price. Our server also recommended a new dish they came up with that wasn't on the menu (it's fun to know they're still playing with their menu!) It was a crossover between causa and sushi stuffed with fried shrimp and with avocado sauce (?) this was really good too and I was impressed by the presentation of the dish (see picture), however I didn't like that it had a huge chunk of cream cheese. I guess that's how crossover/fusion food is but I'm not a big fan of cream cheese and my husband would have preferred to have more shrimp  instead of a bigger chunk of cream cheese. We also had a jar of chicha to drink (my son's favorite) and this was very tasty. I would have liked to order maracuya juice but they didn't have any. Overall I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this restaurant and the food was good, but I think it was a little overpriced. Our bill was almost 60 bucks! I left thinking I want to come back to try more (huge menu!) but next time I may come back at lunch time. They have $8.50 lunch specials that come with house salad or soup and a choice of fountain drink - this seems more like my kind of place!Prices:Appetizers $9 - $15Ceviches $12 - $15Causas $7 - $10Entrees $13 - $17Soups and cooked seafood $6 - $16Pastas $10 - $13House specialties $15 - $17I want to support new businesses (especially Peruvian restaurants, yum!) and want to think that there's some wiggle room for change and price improvement, this also considering how eager was the owner to hear our opinion so I'm excited to see what happens in a few weeks/months! I'll definitely come back and enjoy the nice deck during lunch and perhaps order some "tiradito" (dish similar to sashimi, very delicious and well-known in Peru that I didn't get to try because of its price tag of $16) I'll see you there at lunchtime!!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,7/4/2012,45,107,4,10,6>Ethiopian food is at its best in downtown Salt Lake City! Located near businesses, shopping, nightlife and parks, Blue Nile's location makes it an easy and convenient place to stop for some interesting and flavorful chow.Upon entering Blue Nile, we were welcomed and seated by one of the owners. He was friendly, asking us if we had ever eaten Ethiopian food before, and explaining the concept that the food is eaten "sans utensils". He then offered us a choice of sitting at an Ethiopian traditional style "table" or a typical American style restaurant table. We chose the more authentic choice, and were led through a beaded curtain into a small room with three small tables that look like woven baskets with a pedestal. If these seats are available opt for them. The experience was great. And the food!!! The food is wonderful. Very vegetarian friendly, Blue Nile also offers several lamb, beef and chicken options. The owner recommended the lamb and vegetable medly. We were served a large tray with green beans, beets, lettuce salad, and a variety of sauces/purée. I am not sure of all the names for everything, but the only thing you need to concern yourself with is that fact that the food is simply, and intensely delicious. If you choose to imbibe, make sure to try the honey wine. My dining companion had a glass, and raved about it. They also had a small selection of wines, and offer a traditional Ethiopian coffee service.When you do dine here, you may need to have a little patience. There were only two people working, so service on a Friday night was a tiny bit slow. However, the Blue Nile was also at near capacity for seating, so I think the delightful owners may have underestimated how enthusiastically SLC would embrace their cuisine. Once they have been open for a few more weeks, I am confident this tiny glitch will be remedied.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,7/3/2012,66,33,3,6,5>Yes, it's vegan. Yes, I'm a massive carnivore. Yes, I love this place. How do you reconcile how much I love Vertical, despite the lack of meat and cheese on the menu? Everything they do is great. The pancakes are incredible, the tofu scramble rich with flavor, perfect potatoes, and the best sausage I've eaten which doesn't contain any pork. It's diner food in a casual diner atmosphere. Affordable, delicious, and I'm willing to eat vegan when it tastes this good. Get an espresso shake and thank me later.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,7/2/2012,78,130,,3,3>This is my second visit to Rico Pollo, and everything I can say is the rotisserie chicken is great. We came here with my sister's family and decided to order what they usually order which is a full rotisserie chicken combo that comes with fries and salad for around $20.  Not only is this a great deal because it's tons of food but the chicken is so juicy and tasty. The salad comes with a house dressing and the fries are good too.  Yes the decor of the restaurant isn't fancy and the area isn't the best but it's worth trying the chicken.  I'll definitely be back to try the other food.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,7/1/2012,64,99,2,14,5>So...Pig and A Jelly Jar just opened and these are my initial impressions after having breakfast.  The restaurant is owned by the owners of Meditrina (never been).  It is located a couple blocks Liberty Park in a cozy corner lot.  Seating comprises of tables, half booths, and bar seating around the windows and at a bar.  It appears to be primarily a breakfast joint with some lunch items till 3:30 7 days a week.  On Sunday, Pig and A Jelly Jar serves dinner with a 3 course family style meal, which seems interesting.  On to the important stuff...the food! I told my server that I was thinking about the chicken and waffles and if there was anything else I should consider.  She recommended the frittatas, but said I should definitely go with the chicken and waffles.  I went all in.  Side dishes like hash browns did not come with the meal, but do not worry.  The portion is more than enough as you can see in the picture.  The chicken was juicy, extra crispy, and very large.  The waffle was fluffy and fairly standard.  I think they add just the right amount of syrup, but next time I think I will get it on the side (master of your domain...correct).  As with any chicken and waffle dish, plenty of the standard hot sauces are available.  As a whole, I really enjoyed the chicken and waffles compared to other places in the Salt Lake City area.  The chicken is not on the bone which I wish was an option and it might be, but I didn't ask.  I noticed they do not have omelets, which I wish was an option.  The coffee comes from the Salt Lake Roasting Company and is endless which is always a plus :) Unfortunately, they do not serve mimosas or blood marys, but we are in Utah and those liquor licenses are hard to come by :( The servers were welcoming and very nice.  The bathrooms are clean.  There is plenty of parking on the streets, but I didn't see a parking lot other than the three spots in the front.   Wifi is not currently available.  I liked the laid back atmosphere of the restaurant and could picture myself coming here for brunch on a Saturday or Sunday after some time at Liberty Park.  I will be back to try other dishes such as the ham hash and the homemade sausage is on my list of items to try in the future.  Their lunch items consist of sandwiches and grinders.  Pig and A Jelly Jar has been added to the many options of breakfast and brunch places in SLC that I will recommend.  So swing by and grab some coffee and breakfast.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,6/30/2012,155,241,6,10,3>One Sweet Slice is the best cupcake shop in the state of Utah. I've tried many many cupcakes, and no one has come close to One Sweet Slice.All of the flavors that I have tried have been amazing, and even their day old cupcakes are good! One Sweet Slice has recently started to offer cake pops, coffee, macaroons, whoopie pies, and sugar cookies. Depending on if there is a holiday coming up the cake pops will have a cute holiday appropriate theme! For Halloween they had mummies, eyeballs, and Frankenstein! The cake inside the cake pop is delicious and moist! The sugar cookies are absolutely amazing, and have a cream cheese frosting instead of the standard sugar cookie frosting. I hate sugar cookies, but One Sweet Slice's are amazing. I was in OSS buying a cupcake one day when the owners asked me if I drank coffee. I said that I did, and they invited me in for a taste test. I brought my mom in because she loves coffee as much as I do, and we tried normal coffee and decaf coffee. I'm not a fan of black coffee, but One Sweet Slice did a great job. After adding creamer and sugar the taste was perfect. It wasn't too sweet, but not overwhelming either. A cupcake and a coffee on a cold day is a perfect combination. When I am at OSS I feel like I am home! Most of the workers know me by name, and everyone there is incredibly nice. This is my favorite place in the world.P.S. I HIGHLY recommend that you try their new salted caramel cupcake. I almost gave up Atheism because of it.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,6/29/2012,160,294,4,14,6>Tiny strip-mall spot serving up great big flavor! Everything I love about Chinese food was amplified at Enjoy. We arrived for an early 6:00 p.m. dinner on a Saturday evening, and the place was hopping the entire time! Very friendly and accommodating service. Anything we asked for was delivered with a smile. Our server, Tina, could not have been nicer. She was so gracious and helpful, and must have thanked us 20 times for coming in. The restaurant is very clean and nicely furnished. Their menu is not what I would call vast, but their Chef Special choices include several unique offerings that I don't often see on other local Chinese menus. When we ordered, as always, I inquired about their spice levels. Tina explained that their 1-10 scale ran a bit hotter than most, and suggested that we begin with a level 4 if we enjoy spice. I ordered my Tangerine Lemon Pepper Chicken at a level 7, and she inquired, "Are you sure? That's pretty hot." I assured her it would be fine, and I was anxious to try what I expected to be someone else's idea of pretty hot; to me, it's usually a 2 or 3. Feeling like he couldn't be bested by me, Hubby ordered his Spicy Island Shrimp at a level 7 as well. Again, Tina double-checked that we really wanted it "that spicy." Two thumbs up, Tina, bring on the heat!My father-in-law ordered a plate of half Lemon Chicken and half Orange Chicken. I would have done the same thing had I not needed to sample their spice. Both sounded fantastic.About 5 minutes after we ordered, Tina brought the Chef to our table (Denise, a really sweet lady), who also wanted to confirm that we *really* wanted our food that spicy. I gave it a second thought for a moment, but we gave her another thumbs-up; she grinned like she knew something we didn't, and went about conjuring up her kitchen magic.When Tina brought out the food, you could smell it as it approached. Our next-table neighbors kept looking at it as if it would bite them. You could certainly detect the aroma of spicy heat! The taste did not disappoint, nor did the heat level. Turns out level 7 was perfect for me; great flavors which were actually enhanced by the spice! The heat eventually got to Hubby, but he loved it anyway.My choice of the Tangerine Lemon Pepper Chicken was my favorite of all the choices we ordered. I would highly recommend it. They offer a shrimp version as well, which I can't wait to try.Very reasonably prices for adequate to large portions of delicious food at Enjoy. The total three-person bill came in at $32, including drinks. This is typically what we pay for two complete meals at many of our other regular Chinese joints. I would declare our Chinese Take-Out Sundays officially augmented, but they're unfortunately closed on Sundays. I didn't even deduct a star for this, as I'm sometimes known to do. Our experience here was that good.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,3/5/2011,46,98,3,5,4>Finally decided to try out the Sego Lily with my wife after driving by it who knows how many times in 20 years of living in Bountiful.  The interior is quaint and charming, I like the feel of this converted house as a restaurant.  Service was great, we were promptly seated by a server who seemingly appeared from nowhere.  I ordred a coffee which turned out to be quite good, my wife had juice which was good as well.  After spotting the Caprese Omelet on the menu, I knew I had to have it.  Each bite reminded me of Italy and munching on mozzarella and tomatoes in Rome.  It was fantastic.Will definitely be returning to the Sego Lily.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,3/4/2011,180,33,4,7,4>I never eat breakfast...but I love breakfast foods. Am I a breakfast snob? I dunno...maybe. A buddy of mine suggested this place for breakfast, and I said I was game. I didn't even have a chance to sit down before our server (who was wearing a Star Wars Shirt (that deserves a star in and of itself,)) was already at the table asking what he could bring me out to drink. The menu was full of plates that sounded so good, but I rolled with the "French Toast Foolishness," and I was not disappointed. Two HUGE pieces of cinnamon French Toast, a couple thick slices of bacon, pile of park potatoes and two eggs (I ordered them over-easy...like it runny.)Our attentive server never let me see the bottom of my glass and checked in on us regularly. The meal was fantastic and there was a steady flow of people in and out of the place. I snooped around and saw the selections of others, and it made me want to go back.Service - AFood - AAtmosphere - BParking - B-Menu - A-I'd eat here again in a heartbeat, and I'd suggest you do too.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,3/3/2011,210,1036,3,6,4>We went to Bonsai last Saturday night for dinner. There was about a 20 minute wait to get a table but I think we were seated before that. One of our friends is a chef at Bonsai and we were lucky enough to get him as our table's chef. His showmanship was awesome, doing lots of cool tricks and playing with fire. I ordered the lobster tail with shrimp and scallops. The food was well prepared and tasted great. This was my first experience eating scallops and I didn't care for them much. After the meal I got a little indigestion because of the oil and butter, but I still enjoyed the meal overall. While Bonsai  isn't as nice inside as Teppanyaki or Benihana, they serve up good food in a casual and fun environment. Price and portions are on part with Benihana and Teppanyaki.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,3/2/2011,21,50,2,7,3>You know those people who say that they have been going to a place since WAY before it was popular. Yeah, I am that guy and my place is Moochies. I used to live about 4 blocks away and I remember seriously considering buying a ceramic mug while waiting for my awesome sandwich to arrive. I can't say I went in before they started serving the best meatball and Philly sandwiches in Salt Lake City but back in the day, this was a pottery shop that served great sandwiches more than it was a sandwich shop. I could go on about how it used to be but now it is a great sandwich shop. The service is friendly and it is nice to see Joanna, the owner, every once in a while behind the counter. I usually get the 6 inch Philly with onions and mushrooms in the meal with potato salad and bread pudding. I always take a side of Jalapeño sauce . This is the perfect big meal.The Philly is the perfect mix of dark steak, cheese, onions, and mushrooms. The sauce is not spicy but has a really great cream flavor that mixes with the beefiness of the sandwich. I have eaten a 12 inch sandwich before and though it was delicious, you don't feel good after doing it. You also need a nap. The potato salad is hands down my favorite in SLC. It is a spicy dill version that I haven't ever had before. At times, it can be too "wet" but the flavor is always right on. The bread pudding is a simple but well executed dessert that always a nice finish to the meal.There are times when I diverge from the usual. The meatball sandwich is excellent if messy. My kids love the spaghetti. It has a very good Italian-american  marinara sauce. Go here.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,3/1/2011,4,10,3,5,3>We are just getting up to speed on appreciating Thai cuisine so our view is definately newbie. Our group of 4 started around 5pm on a Friday and so were only the second group in the place. By the time we left at 6:30 it was filling up and wait staff were hopping. Given that we were pretty much alone at the start, the service was excellent, friendly, waited on by whomever was passing by, fresh water, tea etc. We all remarked on the strength and flavor of the Thai tea, I'm not a tea fan but this stuff had enough body to get your attention.The menu is the most expansive we've encountered among the five Thai restaraunts we've tried so far, tough to make a choice so it was great that we had friends along who could opt for choices that we didn't. The steamed spring rolls were perfect, fresh- slightly crisp inside.  Our guests tried Drunken Chicken (OK but sort of average) and the Red Curry (Gang Dang? that must be Thai for HOT!), both remarked at the flavor and spices and are planning a return visit- soon. The Curry guest was happy with a real fire-starter,, I tried it and personally would ask to lower the temp a bit.My wife had Massaman Curry and loved it, this is her favorite dish so far. I opted for their Salmon offering- don't recall the name. It was a little heated also but unlike the Red Curry not to the point I lost any taste buds. I like fish slightly overdone, not fried but not oily, this was just right for my taste. And speaking of taste, we all tried the Mango and Sweet Sticky Rice for dessert and were glad we did, a real treat. We're new as I said so i don't know if this is a standard dessert but it's my favorite, sort of a warm, sweet, tangy experience- very refreshing (jello? NOT)and yet leaves no doubt that it's a dessert (custard? BETTER).We'll be back.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,2/28/2011,4,36,4,5,3>Trio is one of our faves in town.  Fit for DINKs or families alike, Trio has something for everyone and they do it with great service.The atmosphere is modern and swank and they have a great patio which is perfect for SLC Summers.  The food is always reasonably priced and they have specials that always ring true.I've tried their pizzas, pastas (try the sausage rigatoni), Pork Tenderloin special, sandwiches and they've never been a let down.  The only issue I had was something was listed as a spicy dish and waitress described it as such.  It didn't have nearly the heat they indicated, but since spice is a matter of opinion, I'll let that slide.    Great service, good food, good value.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,2/27/2011,164,9,,4,5>It's a simple formula. Have two of the best concert bookers in Salt Lake combine forces and capital. The result is the State Room. Chris and Darren (A.K.A., Spike) who have long booked talent for the Red Butte Gardens Concerts Series and the Utah Arts Festival, respectively, teamed up in 2009 to transform the defunct Children's Theater into one of the best music halls in the history of SLC.Just in the last eight weeks alone, the State Room has hosted the Watson Twins, Josh Ritter, and John Hiatt. And it is an incredibly intimate venue (just 300 seats) to be able to welcome talent of that caliber. True to the music, Chris and Darren do most of the show promotion themselves, avoiding the extra costs that generally need to be passed along to concert-goers. Additionally, they spent their money where it matters most--on the venue's sound system, easily one of the better ones in the state.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,2/26/2011,15,42,1,3,3>Should be 5 stars, but I hate to give five stars unless I've been more then once.You really can't beat Sill's Cafe for breakfast, especially when you throw in the price.  Most Items are less then $7.  However, when you add in the scone (some meals actually come with one) you are probably out the door at 8-10 bucks.The scone...what can I say it is a scone.  All the reviews about how good this scone is well they are right the scone is great.  However, I contend it is not the scone that is great it is the honey butter (more like butter honey) that is topped on the scone that makes the scone.  Without that butter-honey it would be just another scone.We also tried the cinnamon roll.  It is huge!!!  They bring it out warm and gooey (just how I like it).  It was awesome!!!  5 stars for sure.  Didn't try the apple fritter, but I bet it is great if you like such things.Oh, I actually did have a breakfast, lolI had the biscuits and gravy.  It is the best I've had in the state so far.  Please if anybody thinks they have had better Biscuits and gravy, please message me. The dish also came with an egg and choice of meat.  I just got the egg scrambled, and a sausage patty for the meat.  The egg was light and fluffy, and the sausage was good. It could have been a bit spicier, then it would have been great.The only thing I wish about Sill's...Why could it not be closer to Orem!!!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,2/25/2011,136,248,4,4,4>Just saw 127 Hours here and was reminded that this is a great old movie theater. Student discount makes it $6.50. Those who give less than 4 stars just aren't catching the vision of broadway. Come on people open your minds and appreciate that there's even a theater with balls enough to bring the lesser known movies that are AWESOME.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,2/24/2011,24,66,3,3,2>This is my favorite drive-thru espresso spot downtown.  Raw Bean is located conveniently on the corner of 600 S and West Temple and is the perfect place to stop on your way to work or campus.  The staff is always smiling and friendly and looks like they are having fun!  This is something that I always notice and it makes the experience more enjoyable, even if it is just a quick pick up drink.   If there is a line at the drive-through they come out to your car to take your order--even in the cold!  Also, their drinks are flavorful and they have a punch card so that you can get a free drink when it is filled.  But, the best treat, is their homemade BISCOTTI which comes servied WARM and in creative flavors and is the perfect moist bite of sweet cookie to compliment your latte.  Try it, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,3/27/2012,23,137,2,10,4>I went with bunch of kids from 13 to 1.5, and they all had a great time.  I was concerned that the area for small kids would actually be too much for the little ones, or not enough. But it was a nice size and they had plenty to do with sliding, jumping, and playing with blocks. One hour here was perfect for them.The bigger kids really wore themselves out. They claimed they could do more than 1 hour, but I am not sure that is true. Between flips and dodgeball, they were all panting for breath.Meanwhile, we were all ensconced on comfy sofas that are strategically arranged around the place. Nice!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,3/26/2012,245,216,4,6,7>A "hidden" gem for college students. If you didn't go to the University of Utah or work nearby, chances are, you probably don't know about it. I frequented Big Ed's at least twice a week when I was in school. Don't worry, my waistline paid for it.Are you going to get healthy food here? Definitely not. Will you get something greasy and delicious, hell yes. Linda the cook, affectionately known as "mom" to regulars, knows how to make a mean plate of food. Breakfast items, burgers, salads, random Asian dishes, and then there's beer. I tend to go with the Gawd Awful: a heaping pile of perfectly cooked hashbrowns with an egg on top, smothered in chili, cheese and fresh diced onions. Can I get an "amen?" I am not cool enough to handle a full plate so I stick with the half order and it is plenty of food.I love the divey ambiance with dark wood, no windows, and pictures of patrons all over the walls. Will you find my picture once or twice? You bet. It's like Where's Waldo up in this joint.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,3/25/2012,76,161,,3,2>All I can recommend is the Pizza benders... For about $17 you can feed a couple with a salad, bread, and Pizza benders! Now, you are probably wondering what a Pizza bender is? Well, it is a delicious concoction of Pizza toppings in side a perfectly baked crust. It's essentially a pizza pocket minus the sauce. Their salads are perfectly tossed in their delicious Ranch dressing.. they recently Updated the atmosphere and I have to say it looks great. the service Is great and the Pizza Benders are fantastic. As a not, I do not recommend their other entrees since they are processed foodstuffs.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,3/24/2012,50,142,2,5,4>A messy but delicious time is what Bucket O' Crawfish is. I didn't know what to expect but the one thing I did expect was great seafood. And as Utah is currently a landlocked state, it was pretty dang good. Oh one thing, if you are not a fan of small tiny sea creature with their heads still intact and their cold black beady dead eyes staring at you as you rip their tiny heads off, this may not be the restaurant for you, OR you should just order the crab legs (that makes more sense than missing out on the deliciousness).I really enjoyed this restaurant. One of the first things that happens is that you get all bib-ed up with a handy pouch bib by a nice server (I seriously don't know why I have never seen a pouch bib at other seafood restaurants because they catch everything). You decide on your seafood of choice and heat level-- I picked the Cajun Shrimp medium level. You wait a bit, the server brings out a big metal bucket with a steamy hot bag of seafood. Be prepared to go through a lot of paper towels because the only utensils you are able to use are your hands. Then you dig in. AND it shall be a delicious experience. The broth/sauce is like a warm blanket coating the large shrimp in yummy. This is a food experience you will want to share with others.Now, go. Go and eat here.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,3/23/2012,80,97,,4,4>Left Fork Grill is one of my favorite breakfast places. Pie for breakfast. It's awesome. Know what else is awesome? The smoked salmon scramble. I can't say enough about this delicious cheesy, salmony, eggy slice of awesomeness. It reminds me of something you'd get in the Pacific Northwest. I think it's my favorite breakfast item EVER. The scramble is served with toast and this little cup of soft homemade jam. It's delicious even though it's a bit runny and I really enjoy it. As for the pie, I love how crisp and tender the bottom crust is. My favorite is the banana cream pie. I always take home a slice whenever I'm there.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,3/22/2012,48,57,7,5,6>Spice Grill is a new fusion food merchant brought to you by the makers of Bombay House. And they are fusing some unexpected things indeed. Their menu is made up of dishes from around the world, all re-engineered to offer subtle and aromatic Indian flavors. For instance, I ordered (and actually received!) a delicious Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwich cooked with a blend of Indian spices. Also on menu were such wonders as an Indian-inspired gyro and what appears to be a tikka masala burrito. They've also introduced some curryish pasta dishes. There is much left to sample, so I am certain to return. It's also worth remarking that the service at this place is...remarkable. Hence this remark.I think that the owners of Spice Grill are *magnificently* insane. They deserve some kind of trophy for this, but it should be a soft one with no sharp edges (on account of the aforementioned insanity).
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,3/21/2012,139,132,,5,2>This place is referred to as "the Used car lot" within the family as it used to be just that. What were once offices now serve as interesting booths which provide great places to eat if you have to talk business- nobody else will be able to hear you a booth over! The salsa is very flavorful (has a nice roasted taste to it)- its not going to scorch your mouth which I appreciate. The chips are hearty and can hold up to scooping up bean and rice remants on your plate. For the most part the food is pretty solid. Will it leave you going "OMG that was freaking amazing!!!" ? No. Will you get a decent meal and have your wallet intact, yes. The staff is very friendly and they are pretty efficient with getting food out when it is busy. The Horchata is very tasty and is not overly sweet.  I recommend it.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,3/20/2012,270,98,,5,3>I've frequented Blue Plate a bunch of times. I love having a great, small neighborhood joint that has a fun, clean, and bright ambiance so close to me. The outdoor seating rocks. I love their antique bikes that are currently chained to the patio. My previous meals have been good. There are a few stellar items and the rest are good, although not always as memorable. Love the chili verde on pretty much anything. Saturday's visit would warrant 5 stars. Husband ordered the Eggs Benedict (he's a sucker for that dish), I ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich, and our guest ordered the Chili Verde Tamales and a Raspberry Shake. My pulled pork was amazing. They have a special pit boss that does the smoking. It was incredibly soft and tender and the sauce was spot on. I appreciated that the bun they put it on was sufficient enough to hold all that meat. Steak fries were super hot and fresh as usual. We all shared bites of each others food to try. The tamales were insanely good. That will be my next order. It came with black beans and home fries as well which were also good. Her shake was super smooth and had you mix the raspberry at the bottom. Love this place and would definitely recommend. Their portion sizes are large too so come hungry or be prepared to take home.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,3/19/2012,53,148,,3,1>W-O-W. How did I miss this place for so long? I think it's the big "Greek" in the restaurant's name that deceived me. But don't be fooled! This place is way more than just "Greek" (no ofense to delicous greek food, I love you too).  Japa-dawgs? I'm still not sure if it's everywhere or just made up here, but we all loved it. My toddler devoured his blizzard dog in a matter of minutes, without me asking him to focus and eat. I had the Viet Sandwich and it was delish. It reminded me of the Bahn-mis I love so much. MY husband had the Korean tacos (some kind of platter with 4 different tacos) and was also blown away. The best part: All of this plus a bottle juice and a fountain drink for under 30 bucks.... WHAT?! A steal!Service was awesome. The lady behind the counter made some extra efforts to ensure everyone was having a good time and enjoying the food. Highly recommended and thank you all for the great reviews that made me come give it a try!!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,3/18/2012,52,73,3,4,4>I've been a long time fan of this bakery. My parents used to take us here for desserts when we were younger. My wife and I came here when we were dating, and now 13 years later we bring our kids when we're out for a special night downtown. There's been a lot of servers come and go through here, but at least one always recognizes me. Last week I stopped in to get some treats to take home for our family and mentioned these should make me a hit with the kiddos.She asked how many kids I had and without me knowing sneaked in 3 free gingerbread men for them. There's been times that we've stopped in to grab a thank you treat for our babysitter (Grandma) and they've sneaked in a treat for her and wrap it up nicely. Maybe I'm not smart enough to distinguish between qualities of pastries, but I've never been disappointed and little these little touches will keep me coming back.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,8/15/2011,160,294,7,11,8>This Is The Place. Seriously, they have almost* every hard to find ingredient for the semi-professional home cook who may or may not consider themselves a pro. Almost everything, because there are still a few things now and then that I cannot find, even at Pirate O's. (Like 00 flour, for one. Anyone?) But considering that Utah will likely get a Trader Joe's around the year 2411, this is the place.Pirate O's is a food adventurist's playground. Just a few of their offerings include a nice selection of European coffees (whole bean, too), canned San Marzano tomatoes (pricey, but evidently most grocery stores have stopped carrying these due to cost), every type of pasta one can imagine, aisles and aisles of vinegars, oils, sauces, spices, teas, and much more. They even offer a few gadget-y items that are handy to run into, and then realize you need.I must echo the other reviewers who have aptly recommended the sandwiches here. They come with sturdy chips, and are dressed appropriately. Try them, they are fantastic.But...here's where my personal Pirate O's seduction comes in...CHEESE ROOM. A ROOM dedicated to CHEESE. Yes, you read that right. Every type and generation of cheese one could conjure up with a cheese spell. Cielo del formaggio! (I don't even pause when I think of how much money I've spent here on cheese alone. My bathroom scales might, but I don't.)The only thing that could possibly escalate the pleasure of shopping in a room of cheese would be an adjacent Chocolate Room. They probably have enough chocolate for a full room, too, so I'm anticipating the day that happens.Note: Someone told me that the Cheese Room also contains a few other refrigerated items, like prepared meats, butter/ghee, etc. I still haven't noticed them.See you there!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,8/14/2011,89,54,,7,5>I would chose to see a film here any day! I know many people hate this place due to it not being shiny and new, but that is exactly why I love it. The Broadway is part of the nonprofit SLC film festival and when attending a movie I prefer to support local.I admit that the chairs are not super comfortable especially when you are a giant, but it's whatever. I am a huge independent film fan and the Broadway offers all the hot indie/alternative films. I love the selection of snacks and beverages. You can enjoy European chocolate, Pie Pizzeria pizza, coffee, Rico brand Mexican food plus the usual movie treats. This theater is not for everyone, but it is an important part of the SLC community. If you can look past the rundown appearance you will see the magic. When I am having a rough day this place give me comfort and peace.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,8/13/2011,186,563,,5,5>First off, I need to say I am not really a big hotdog person so the fact that I am awarding 5 stars really says a LOT. This is not fine dining by any means, but as far as street vendors go, this place is really very good. The gentleman who mans the cart, Troy, is really what makes the experience because of his friendly, chatty personality and his obvious passion for what he does. I am just so impressed. I ordered the Thai dog, Chicago dog and the secret menu item, the Ute dog and I ate them in that order. Boy, was I glad to have inadvertently saved the best for last. The Thai dog was different, in a good way. It was a delicious grilled dog topped with lemongrass seasoned chicken shreds, coconut flavored mustard and raspberry seasoning sprinkled on top. The coconut mustard is really creamy and delicious. I loved it. The Chicago dog was exactly what I expected which is a good thing. A Chicago dog should taste like a proper Chicago dog, and this one fit the bill. Very tasty. The Ute dog, however, stole the show big one with it's fry sauce and pastrami and spiciness. The sausage link was incredible. I saw plenty of red chili flakes throughout the inside as I took each bite. The fry sauce also has a nice kick to it and a very unique flavor, almost smoky. Fantastic!I also wanted to mention I had no trouble finding parking right close by even at lunch time downtown. It's in a good spot or taking trax, too, just get off at the courthouse stop. Let's do our part and see the little businesses make it in UT. Stop by Da Hot Dog King and order a few and have a lunchtime chat with Troy. You won't be sorry.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,8/12/2011,67,197,3,6,4>When I suggested Mexican for the Valentine weekend dinner to the gf, I got the raised eyebrow look that probably said - shouldn't we be saving your love for tacos, chips and salsa for another time. The location didn't help either. As the west coordinates kept increasing on a really, really dark 7th South on our drive towards Frida, I could feel the brows rising even more..But if there were any doubt, it was soon put to rest. Everything about the evening from the time we entered Frida Bistro was perfect. We were seated quickly enough. The servers were attentive, friendly, and seemed keen to make our evening enjoyable. In the interest of full disclosure, we were served a complimentary appetizer - corn cakes stuffed with ricotta cheese. It was very tasty. For entrées, we had the veggie duet and the pollo poblano. I don't think I'll do justice describing the food. Let me just say you will only be happy to part with your $$$ for such excellent food.However, the margaritas were slightly disappointing. Nice flavors but weak. I agree with one of the reviewers - for the quantity, it should have been more stiff. But such interesting and wow-worthy food made Frida Bistro an instant favorite.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,8/11/2011,52,73,17,8,7>I went to Pho Tay Ho for lunch last week. This pho was really good, and I should know. Not only have I had a 2 hour layover at LAX, but I once held a Vietnamese boy hostage in my basement for 42 months.OK not really, I was kidding about the LAX part. This was actually my first time trying pho. I was instructed by my guides to start with raw steak and meatballs before moving on to more adventurous items.The steak was sliced very thin and was pretty good. The meatballs had a different texture than I was expecting. I'd probably try something else next time. Apparently the broth is a very important part of pho. I was really impressed with what I tasted here. I was surprised at how much flavor it had. It really  had a lot of flavor and complexity and other things they say on the Food Network! It was interesting seeing how people doctored up their bowls with all the fresh herbs as well as plum sauce and srirachaIt seemed like a reasonable meal at about $9 after tip. I didn't have any issues with service. As a matter of fact, I found the lady helping us to be quite friendly. Only downside is that I did feel hungry about 2 hours later.All in all, I feel very confident saying as of this moment, Pho Tay Ho has the best pho I have ever tasted. Even eating with a Lakers fan couldn't ruin this lunch.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,8/10/2011,76,161,3,9,6>Chungas! Where have you been all my life?!  After checking out a few websites Via Google this place has came up a few times. After laughing at the 50 minute wait for the Red Iguana. I passed by Chungas and talked my friends to try out this joint.  I have read many of good review for their Tacos al Pastor and me being the taco fiend I am how can I deny myself such pleasures. I ordered 4 tacos all with different meats such as, Chicken, Chorizo, Steak and the Al Pastor marinated pork. The Mrs. Ordered their Taco salad which look very similar to a place that I will not name but has the initials CR. It didn't taste similar, as the Lettuce was mostly Ice burg and the dressing was spicier than the aforementioned restaurants salad. As an app our group got the nachos with steak. These were really ooey and gooey nachos with Avocado, Tomatoes, Sour Cream and Black beans. To drink Chungas offers fresh juices blended with a little Ice. I ordered the Mango Juice and my Wife ordered a blend of Guava and Pineapple these were utterly delicious.The location is near the Glendale area of SLC on 9th west. It is very accessible near the I-80 underpass. Their prices are good especially for What you pay for. If you are in the west side check this place out!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,8/9/2011,221,489,14,20,10>Ok, I admit it: I really know nothing about day spas and the like. Personally, I can think of many things I'd rather spend my money on than getting a total stranger to give me a back rub, but that's just me.My mom and my sister, on the other hand, are totally into this stuff. Recently, they came to visit to celebrate Mothers Day and my mom's birthday (which was a couple of days before Mothers Day), and my sister thought it would be a good idea for all of us to do a spa day together to celebrate. She enlisted me to find the perfect spa for this day.Yes, me. The one who doesn't know a thing about day spas. So I did what I do best and took the advice of you fine Yelpers. I said, "Yes, in my expert opinion we should definitely go to The Kura Door, because I'm obviously an expert on such things." So we did. And Yelp, it worked out wonderfully!We showed up about 15 minutes early for our 315pm appointment and changed into our flip flops and kimonos. This brought about the only complaint I heard during the visit, that the flip flops with the plastic massagey balls in the arch were slightly uncomfortable. They seemed like flip flops to me. So then, kimono clad, we went into the waiting area to drink cucumber water and choose appropriate lotions for our massage. Our three massage therapists arrived shortly after 315pm. They were all super nice, as you'd expect at a place like this. At my sister's request, they put us all into one room, because I guess getting your back rubbed by a total stranger is even better when your family members are also getting their backs rubbed by total strangers in the same room as you. Anyway, the massage seemed quite good to me. The 90 minutes flew by, and whoever snuck the track from Brian Eno's Music for Airports into the generic relaxation music loop is my new hero. My sister and mom, who know a little more about getting massages, were both super impressed and said that their massage from The Kura Door was among the best they'd ever had. My mom was particularly blissed out, talking about how much better she'd feel if she could get Kura Door'd every week like richfolk do. Ok, I admit that if I was rich, I'd probably get massages more frequently, and that The Kura Door would be a splendid choice. Yes, splendid indeed.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,8/8/2011,63,139,3,7,6>Its always been a toss up between bourbon and the Colonel's Original Recipe but I'm pretty sure the best thing to ever come from Kentucky was sweet sweet bourbon.  And now there's a place in SLC that has more than 3 or 4 different types and I'm pretty excited about it.I went here on a Friday night after someone mentioned there was a new Bourbon Bar under the Kinkos downtown.  Now I slightly skeptical because I had no idea there was anything under Kinkos and it sounded like I might have to walk up to a copy machine and type a secret code in and the wall would open but have no fear, it was much easier than that.  The entrance is on 200 South just east of Main St.  There's a lobby to the Walker building and basically there is what looks like a fire escape that leads to a stairway down to the Bourbon House.  I felt very cool that I knew about this place because it felt so secretive walking down the stairs of what looks like a fairly ordinary fire escape.  I was hoping for a door with a little sliding window where I'd say a password but I'll just have to settle with poor signage.Once you're in the place its a nice expansive bar area with plenty of stools to belly up at.  There's lots of high and low top tables and I think I saw a few couches here and there.  There was a stage for live music but there wasn't any the Friday I was there (honestly I was happy, the live music at bars can be overwhelming).If you like Bourbon's or Whiskey's there was a wide selection available.  I'm quite sure I haven't seen most of the top shelf bourbons at any of the bars in SLC and I surely hadn't seen them for the cheap prices this place had.  Bookers was $8, Makers Mark 46 was $6.50 just for example.  Your normal mid level Bourbons like Makers Mark and Jim Beam Black were $3 to $4 dollars.  Wow!  Not sure if these are opening prices but at that level of affordability why would you drink sweet sweet bourbon anywhere else?  If your heart lies a little farther south and your more of a Tennessee Whiskey man (or woman) there was an excellent selection of Whiskeys available and their prices were very affordable too.If hard liquor isn't your thing, there was a good selection of affordable wine and plenty of beer on tap and in the bottle.  The wine selection didn't look too top shelf so if your looking for 15 dollar glasses of fine wine this might not be your place.I didn't eat but I asked for a menu and they had a huge menu full of all sorts of tasty sounding dishes.  The appetizers were a plenty and there was a list of 5 or 6 hamburgers that all sounded great.  You definitely could go here for lunch or dinner whether you're a consumer of fine alcoholic beverages or not.I look forward to going back here and I hope they figure out a way to get out the word that they're hiding in the basement of the Walker Building downtown.  But in the mean time if you're looking to satisfy your speakeasy fix, this is the place.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,8/7/2011,5,10,6,12,4>I'll admit from the start - this review is a bit selfish.  My husband and I had take-out (we have four kids, so it's hard to actually go out) from Siragusa's last night and it was fantastic, so much so that I'd really like this new little restaurant to stay in business!  I'm all for the Mom and Pop places, so I'd love to see them succeed.Like I said, we had take-out, so I can't really comment on the restaurant or service, but the food was wonderful!  We started off with the appetizer of fried zucchini.  I was hesitant to order it, because every time we get fried zucchini for take-out, it comes home soggy and droopy.  This, however, was completely different - zucchini coins fried to perfection in a very nice crust of breading and parmesan cheese, served with a side of creamy, cool dill dipping sauce - yum!  My husband ordered the chicken parmesan ($9.95) and I ordered the chicken tortelloni in a creamy tomato sauce with onions, mushrooms and asparagus ($11.95) - both were fantastic, but my husband especially enjoyed his chicken parmesan.   I'm excited to go back and try their other dishes.  All the prices were very reasonable and, as I mentioned previously, I'm a bit selfish cause I want them to succeed so I can eat all their food!!!  YUM!!!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,8/6/2011,270,98,,7,5>After intending to eat at J Wong's soon after they opened (ahem), I finally made it out - and twice in the last few weeks! I love J Wong's for a quick lunch - whether with friends or business associates. The service is excellent - prompt, great continuous maintenance, honest, and courteous. My water never near reached the midpoint at either lunch. Lunch specials are great. Affordable and plentiful. Today I had the General Tao's chicken and it was perfectly and lightly crisped. I also ordered gyoza (an addiction) and theirs had excellent flavor. I also appreciate that the servers make sure you are aware that the spicy levels can be tinkered with - to make it mild for some or extra hot for people like me. Love the decor, value, and overall experience. Definite recommend for lunch anytime!  They can easily accomodate groups and the brightness of the restaurant is a great pick me up at midday.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,6/17/2013,121,176,,7,3>Food speaks for itself, and is usually a 4 or 5 (stick to the sushi if you're coming here, even the vegetarian sushi is really good). Service is usually good, but my last dining experience with the rotund blonde mo-hawk server in his 30's was not pleasant. I've never had a server be... bossy. The lunch hour rush had died down. I asked for miso and he *informed* me (my word choice based on his tone) that he would wait until my friend arrived before making it. (I had just confirmed she was about to walk through the door, so we had to wait until he came back around to get our appetizers going.) I asked about spoons to go with the miso (yes, I know the special asian soup spoons may not be proper dining etiquette in japanese culture) and instead of granting my request he took it upon himself to *instruct* me that miso isn't eaten with a spoon - and then continued walking away. If I hadn't been surprised, I would have (and should have) said something. Turns out the tofu was clumping at the bottom and a spoon would've really come in handy. To his credit, he did offer us dessert even though it was the end of their lunch period, but we declined. As we passed by him to leave a minute later, he glanced our way then decided to continue counting his tips instead of saying the usual, "goodbye, come back again etc..." I'll come back for the food but I hope this was a one-time incident.Update:  Kyoto (11th east and 13th south) is a great Takashi alternative. I think it has better sushi, service, and parking, and a shorter wait time. However, if you're looking for sushi on the way cheap, Red Ginger (33rd south state) is the place to go.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,6/16/2013,20,176,,3,3>Enjoyed a delicious meal here on a busy Saturday night. Great service. Food came quickly because we sat down and ordered before several big tables arrived. I especially enjoyed the jalapeno-bacon wrapped shrimp appetizers. In one serving, you get 4 large shrimps on two skewers which is a perfect portion for 2 people. I also recommend their desserts! The chocolate decadence (flourless chocolate cake) was dense and delicious. I enjoyed the marzipan cake. The decor and ambience of this restaurant is really great--if I was hosting a party or reception, it would be an excellent space for that.  Mixed drinks were good--my husband tried the classic mojito and the buttered rum. Both were well-made and reasonably priced ($7 and $6, respectively). As for the entrees, it felt like wedding reception food--my husband had prime rib served with garlic mashed potatoes and horseradish sauce. Steak was fatty and large. I had a filet of salmon stuffed with some sort of cheese/butter/herb sauce. The salmon was a bit undercooked for my taste but edible. I would probably not order this salmon dish again, but my overall experience was very positive and I think this restaurant would be good for a big group dinner.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/15/2013,68,229,3,6,4>When it comes to wings, I don't have a very discriminating palette.  I'd happily eat an old shoe if it came coated in buffalo sauce.I came to The Wing Coop today after work and a hike and ordered a few wings to-go.  I am on a wing kick this week and this was the third restaurant that I have ordered buffalo wings from.  Honestly, of all the places, they came in last place, but that doesn't mean that I didn't still enjoy them!  They were smaller and less crisp than the wings I received at the other two restaurants, but the sauce had good flavor and satisfying heat.The service, while nothing to write home about, was efficient.  I was sad that my dogs were waiting in the car, as they have PBR on tap. The prices, especially in comparison to the other two restaurants, were quite high.  My order of 12 wings set me back $13, plus tip.  On the plus side, The Wing Coop is very conveniently located for me and the hours are great.  If, in the future, I find myself with an insatiable wing craving at some odd hour, it's comforting to know that I will have a place to turn.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,6/14/2013,160,294,5,8,5>A nice selection of fresh, delicious, expertly-prepared Mexican cuisine, served by smiling, happy people - this is what we found Salsa Leedos to be all about! We had a great time and a very satisfying culinary experience here. We will certainly return for the innumerable other menu items that caused a couple of us to eventually just toss a coin. True story. I could have gone 13 different ways here. So, first and foremost, our server for the evening - Kylie - was attentive, efficient, and even entertaining. We felt welcome and very taken care of.First delivered were chips, salsa, and refried beans...yes. Chips were crispy, fresh, warm, perfectly salted - we ran out very quickly. Refried beans were good, creamy and warm. The standard salsa (my friend deemed it "regular" salsa) was nearly perfect. Anyone who knows me, knows I like heat with my spice. This salsa delivered on both fronts, without sacrificing an ounce of flavor. I would have preferred it with a bit more heat, but it was perfect for our table. Kylie brought us two other salsas to try - the green chile tomatillo was my favorite. No one appeared to be fond of the fire-roasted tomato, though. Despite Kylie's sincere apology following my gasp at the news, my cardinal disappointment with their being OUT of the Habanero salsa (a house specialty) cannot be overstated. This is a primary force behind my desire to return to SL, ASAP. (Habanero is the best pepper. Everyone knows this.)We ordered drinks, which had to be ordered from someone of legal age, so Kylie deferred to their Asst Manager (I think) who was also fantastic. He made us two Skinny Emerald Margaritas which were resplendent with cucumber and aloe, and tequila. Something like 150-200 calories per, most of which is the alcohol. They were yummy!They offer their entree house specialties - like the infamous Verde - in many different forms, sizes, and price points. The menu is easy to understand and offers a lot of choices. We were all torn. Our party of four had;  - Bean & Cheese burrito (huge, with rice and beans)- Fajita Burrito (tomato-basil tortilla stuffed with veggies and chunks of grilled chicken, with rice and beans)- Chile Colorado Platter (two small pork stuffed enchiladas covered with spicy sauce, with rice and beans)- The Burrleedo (massive carne asada burrito stuffed with beans, rice, cheese, sour cream, etc.) It's evident how gratifying the food is when conversation comes to a screetching halt when it shows up. With the exception of a few hungry snarls, and the clinks of forks and knives, our table was silent for some time. Everyone was very happy with their choices. It was all delicious.I especially enjoyed the Chile Colorado. Great spice levels, complex flavors, and tender pork. Perfectly done. It was big, and I nearly finished it.Here's what I look forward to during future visits: Baby Back Green Chile Ribs, Shrimp Fajitas, and Hatch New Mexico Fried Chile Rellenos. (I'm wondering why I'm not there right now.)I was surprised to see no Mole on the menu. Mole is somewhat of a regional specialty, and perhaps isn't their area. But to me, Salsa Leedos' culinary team seems to be talented enough to pull it off.  Just wishing out loud.We doggy-bagged the small remainder portions, which were devoured with pleasure by Hubby the next day. It was that good.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/13/2013,61,59,,5,2>Cody did my tattoo, a quotation in a specific font, on my back in a one-sitting walk-in. He was fantastic and fast, and I chose him due to his extensive work with text. It looks fantastic and I am complimented on it all the time. I plan to get more tattoos, and I'll definitely be going back to Yellow Rose.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,6/12/2013,46,405,3,3,2>The menu is sparse. You may get an attitude from the Asian woman working behind the counter if you order a sandwich. She may take a little while to make it. You will order two glazed donuts to consume one while you wait. You will think, "wow, this donut is pretty good." You'll consider eating the second but your sandwich is ready to take home and consume. You notice your sandwich is wrapped in paper, just like back in the day. The sandwich was good. Story over.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,6/11/2013,3,38,1,8,4>Our little Ku'uipo AKA Ipo has been groomed by Tino every since we moved here in 2009. She loves to be pampered and treated like a Princess. She goes to the groomer more often than my husband and I. Tino and Kyle have treated us and Ipo with the greatest of care and aloha. Ipo has a standing appointment. So thankful that she gets to hang out with all the other dogs, however she still walks around like she owns the shop. Mahalo nui loa to Tino and Kyle and all the others that help keep our little Ipo happy and pretty.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,6/10/2013,1,92,,5,2>I hesitate to review this gym simply because I don't want it to become more crowded...Disclosure:  Been climbing regularly for 3+ years, and have been to gyms on the East Coast, in NC, CA, and all 3 local gyms in SLC.  Facilities: Smaller than Momentum, but adequate.  Small weights area.  Not much of value with regards to cardio equipement.  No yoga or other perks.  Small sitting area, but not really a place to hang out in so much as climb.  Sport area gets a bit crowded at times.Routes:  In my opinion, the best quality routes in the area.  Momentum and The Front both suffer from making predictable, ladder-like routes for the easier climbs and then throwing in harder moves or smaller holds for the harder ones.  Rockreation has interesting, technically pleasing routes for all levels of climbing, both on TR, lead, and bouldering.  Another bonus for this place is that the lead and bouldering are updated rather regularly and keep you busy with projects.  The TR is infrequently changed (it's June and there are still routes there from last August) and is one of two or three down sides to the place that keeps me from giving it 5 stars. Atmosphere:  Generally a nice, regular group of people.  Rarely too crowded, though it gets busy in the bouldering and sport areas on week nights (M-Th).  TR is more neglected, both by the climbers and route setters.  Down side #2 is the poor ventilation and dense, chalk-filled air that will accumulate with crowds.  Staff is friendly, relaxed.  Atmosphere is casual, community climbing gym, not nearly as corporate and polished feeling as Momentum and not as show-offy as The Front.Summary: No frills.  Not the best gym out there, but the best option for the area, especially if you're looking to have a well-rounded and relaxed climbing experience.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,6/9/2013,3,7,2,3,2>I am so hard to please when it comes to good Mexican food. I was spoiled by lots of homemade fare served by Mexican families I met in Dallas for 2 years on my LDS mission. Plus there were great family-run places there too. Then I lived in California for a while; I have yet to find better burritos. Denver was a disappointment, but then I moved to Houson: food heaven, especially Mexican and Indian.Anyway, now that I'm back in the Rockies, I've been trying for years to find a decent Mexican place. Red Iguana was good. LOVED the selection of moles. Blue iguana just so-so. The rest in Utah just haven't measured up, usually slathering their plates in cheddar cheese, as if that were something Mexicans did.My main requirements are in-house handmade tortillas, queso fresco not cheddar, lime used in rice and meat marinades, and a fresh salsa bar. I don't know why restaurants north of the border states can't understand those points. I get irate whenever a Utah Mexican joint wants 99 cents for a couple teaspoons of pico de gallo, when all my favorites in Dallas and Houston had a wide variety of salsas at their free salsa bars.Thanks to reviews on Yelp, I tried out Tarahumara for the first time a couple weeks ago, and again today: I'm in heaven. Finally a place that meets and exceeds all my expectations. It is pricey, at least twice the price for the same quality as I frequently found in Houston. But it is worth it because there is so little here in Utah that is its equal.On the first visit, my wife went with the grilled salmon and artichoke salsa. I did three tacos with carne asada and loaded up my bag with about 8 of the homemade salsas to try out. I also happen to have a giant sweet tooth, and they bake some of the most beautiful, large, homely and awesome treats I've seen, rivaling Kneaders and Paradise Bakery: gorgeous glazed fruit tarts, personal sized crumble cherry pie, fat spudnuts (donuts made with mashed potatoes), pecan chocolate chip cookies the size of small plates, and more. I loaded up on $10 worth of deserts to share with the family.On my second visit, I tried an appetizer special: chicken papaya quesadilla which I amended with beans and rice for another $2. Again I loaded up on $10 worth of deserts to share with the fam, including a giant 8" long eclair.I found the menu exciting, with lots of creative, and mouth-watering flair not found in the typical Mexican menu.The salsa bar (one in the dining area and a twin in the cantina), is worth the trip alone. Better than any I found in Houston. There have been many reviews making guesses from 20 to 80. I counted. There were 21 salsas, and a handful of other pickled items and toppings. My favorites so far are the cream-based ones, the chipotle, cilantro and chile de arbol.Everything was clean and well stocked. The outside veranda inviting and shaded. I've not had to wait more than 6-8 minutes for my awesome food. The ambience was just right. The owners are friendly and helpful. Others might be disappointed at not having someone wait on you hand-and-foot to refill your water glass, but I really enjoy their ordering process.No clue what the reviewers giving it 2 stars were thinking. Go. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/8/2013,40,7,,4,2>I've been to Zest a few times since they opened, and it's gotten progressively better each time.It's a great place to go for a fancy date--the vibe is really hip and classy, and this last time I visited on a Saturday night, it almost felt like I was out of town somewhere. The cocktails and food are a little on the pricey side, but they're well worth it. Cocktail-wise, I've had the jalapeño margarita a couple of times, and it's one of my favorites along with the cello driver (I can't remember exactly what's in it, but it's like a screwdriver), both of which have tasted incredibly fresh each time, and I even watched the bartenders muddle the ingredients into the drink right in front of me. As a vegan, this place is gold as nearly everything on the menu is vegan-friendly with the exception of a few items that contain cheese (but everything is marked). I haven't had all of the entrees, but what I've had has always been tasty and what I love most is that the ingredients are fresh and seasonal. My favorites so far are the zucchini pasta, which is served cold and raw, and is a great summer dish, and the chocolate cake. Oh my god, the chocolate cake. It's a beet chocolate cake, with avocado frosting, which I know sounds really gross, especially if you're one of those picky eaters who doesn't like vegetables, but it was the best chocolate cake I've had in my life (and I've gone through a lot of chocolate cake in my 26 years). It was dense, but at the same time, so smooth and creamy that it didn't feel like I was eating a big slice of cake. You know how on some chocolate cake, the icing almost tastes like it's separate from the cake part? Well, on this slice, the cake and icing were definitely in a happy, committed relationship and both complemented each other so perfectly, I shared one bite with a friend just so they could get a taste of heaven and savored the rest on my own. It's one of the few desserts that I'll dream about, and I'll definitely be back just for that. Definitely recommend this place, especially for post-dinner cocktails and dessert!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,12/22/2012,36,49,5,3,3>OH. MY. GOD. You know how I know jesus wasn't a Jew? Because this bacon was divine, and the lord and savior of mankind would not make such a perfect meat against his religion WILLINGLY. I walked in with a buddy after hearing my co-worker talk about how good the bacon was and that they smoke their own. I doubted him. Never again will I doubt him about food. The bar was friendly, and the service was busy, but responsive for a busy friday night.  The Guinness was perfect, and I had a couple. The Onion Rings are worth trying, and their fry sauce is pretty tasty. Note: When I went in you had to be 21+ so I don't know if this is the case all the time, but you might want to check prior to showing up. (Or go get your kids a crappy burger from McDonalds down the street, and lock them in the car while you enjoy your dinner would work as well.)
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,12/20/2012,96,160,1,5,3>We found another American Chinese restaurant to-go. My parent's family friend suggested this place to us. First, I noticed their Chinese restaurant name is completely different with their English restaurant name. The Chinese name is Pleasant/Happy Lamb/Goat, a popular Chinese Cartoon. I actually like the Chinese name better. lolWe only ordered egg flower soup, salt pepper fish and Chinese lamb kabobs. It was really delicious! And I was not disappointed in my lamb kabobs at all. I added a bit of sesame oil into the soup which made it more yummi-lious!We had some leftover after the dinner. Next morning, I just dumped all the leftover into the a pot of water and made some rice porridge without adding any seasoning. Wow, best leftover ever!The staffs were pretty friendly. They immediately started to speak Chinese to us(It is an Chinese thing).
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,12/19/2012,314,135,,8,7>Love This Place!!!!The women that works here is super nice and helpful and understands and speaks English well. All perks when you go to ethnic places.I was having a Korean BBQ night at my place and needed to pick up side dishes, condiments and other stuff to go along with the meats. I like getting the side dishes from here cause their home made and fresh. I picked up pickled cucumbers, fish cake, kim chi, anchoives and seaweed. I love watching people try things for the first time. Most people would look at the anchoives and be like no way, but these tasted different because they were more like somewhat dried anchovies w/ a thin coating of something a little bit sweet. Fish cake might also sound weird to you. It doesn't look anything like a fish. It's thin, flat, and soft. It has a slight fish smell, but not too over powering or anything to it. The other side dishes weren't as scary to people.The one thing that I couldn't find there was duk bok sam which is rice paper that is similar to Vietnamese banh uot, but cut into squares so that you can wrap your radish sheets, lettuce and meat into it. This place doesnt just carry Korean good, but other Asian food items as well.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,12/18/2012,8,38,2,8,3>Just got back from lunch here and I got to say what a deal!I'm not the most knowledgable when it comes to Indian/Nepali cuisine so going through the menu was a lost effort.  Fortunately, they have a buffet that is only $10!I wanted to try a little bit of everything and the buffet did just that.  Tried goat, butter chicken, naan, some of the fried potatoes (the best) and some other things.  Before I continue, skip the salad, it's not worth the stomach space.The service was lacking.  When we got there it took about 20 minutes for a waiter to get our orders.  Then when leaving, took us about an extra 30 minutes to get the check.  The time frames weren't what I had in mind, but oh well.I would recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood looking for something completely different from other places her in SLC.  Definitely worth checking out!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/17/2012,29,127,6,6,4>After a few more visits, it just keeps getting better. The chicken and waffles with bacon alone will make a man (or woman) out of you. It changed my outlook on the universe. I have a really hard time not going here when in Prorem. Provo or Orem that is. Really really dig everything about Station 22.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,12/16/2012,42,23,3,9,5>Whispers has an odd vibe, definitely not as cozy as some neighborhood cafés. There is always plenty of room to work or study here. The staff is exceptionally great. They had brewed the iced tea earlier in the day and when I got it, it wasn't good. I asked the barista if I could have it replaced and she graciously agreed and upped my size for the trouble. It feels sort of dirty in there, too. But for the most part, whispers is a nice change of pace in my routine.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,12/15/2012,247,226,2,5,3>As a foodie and someone who has spent a better part of their life in Hawaii and California i can honestly say that Tona is THE BEST sushi i have ever had. First i love that they bring out your miso then appetizer then main course. I have never understood why restaurants insist  on cluttering your plate with everything at once and  i  was delighted when everything came at a perfect pace. second the presentation- oh my! The plates are so beautiful i had to take a moment to absorb them before devouring what was on it. They really have a way of perfectly presenting a plate. lastly the service- never did my drink go more than half empty, i am a water guzzler and i never had to wait on water plus the waitress came by often to check in so when i needed something someone was there. As always i enjoyed chatting with Tina  and i am so glad they moved here to Ogden becasue Tona really is a great addition to 25th street.  My miso was well balances and warm, my gyozo was grilled and fresh tasting, my  Philly sushi was perfect on every level- creamy, smoky and rich. i kept stealing bites of my husbands bento  becasue it all looked so tasty (and was) i must get that next time!  We ordered dessert as well and  as with the rest of the food the plating was divine. Everything was just so beautiful and delicious. i can not wait to go back again. Overall it was a perfect dinner and i really couldnt as for more.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,12/14/2012,23,82,,3,3>Great tea, great coffee, great books, comfy chairs... This place rocks! Staff is super friendly and the tea selection is vast. I work in PC and often make a special trip for an iced tea and some down time.PS a small insider tip: If you are in PC on Halloween with kids - definitely check out the trick or treat on Main Street in the evening. Some of the local businesses give away gift cards for the adults too. Atticus is a great place to stop on the way for a break and a hot tea.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,12/13/2012,100,149,6,6,6>Chicken Fried Steak, Fried Chicken Fries, Curry Fried Chicken.  You see the trend right? Without question, if you can fry it, your're probably going to make it taste better.  Also the more elements you can throw together before you fry it, ups the ante.The headliner, star of the show, house stopping event is the fried chicken.  In its own right, its wonderful fried chicken.  Thick crunchy exterior coating a juicy interior.  The slightly sweet and spicy curry seasoning though takes proceedings to whole new echelons of wonderment.  Echelons! Wonderment!Theres plenty more to love on the menu - hefty schwarma wraps with tandoori-esque chicken, similar wraps with deep fried fish, french fries with incendiary chile powder, imported sodas.In summation, if you can answer these three questions in the affirmative, you need ot go to CFC now:1) Do you covet amazing fried chicken2) Does that sound even better through the lense of curry seasoning3) Do you love new echelons of wonderment
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,12/11/2012,70,43,,3,4>I'm not a sushi connoisseur but I know what I like, and I like Sushi Groove!  I went on a Saturday afternoon with a group of about 12 of us, and we all had a great experience.  A few of us split about 6 rolls, so we could try a bunch of different things, and some of us ordered individually, but everything came out quickly, fresh & tasting delicious.  My favorites were the Vegas Roll and the Groove Roll ... but every one I sampled was really good!  The ceviche was a little too spicy for me - but I'm a known spice wimp.  The people that ate it loved it though! We had no service issues at all, the waitress was very attentive at filling up our drinks & was cooperative in us splitting the bill into a half-dozen or so checks.  Maybe it was because we were the only ones in the place, but still, I'd go back.  Actually I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/17/2014,203,388,7,8,4>HOW TO HAVE A 5-STAR EXPERIENCE AT THIS 3-STAR CHAIN RESTAURANT:1. When you are seated, let the server know you are in a slight hurry because you have a (movie/flight/date/play) to catch.  This will help them to speed up their slow service to be average-speed.2. Order the artichoke dip appetizer.  It's very good, but not so heavy that you won't be able to enjoy a meal.3. Order the Twig Burger with extra sauce. This will help them not deliver it too dry and boring.  The sauce is quite good, a little horseradish-y in an aoli, but they tend to be stingy with it.4. Order the Crab Macaroni and Cheese: This Mac and Cheese rocked it: large spiraling firm pasta baked in with generous chunks of crab meat and bacon, including big chunks of decadent goat cheese and hints of Parmesan.  Wow!  I was amazed.5. Do not order the flatbreads, the donuts, the burgers plain, the pastas, the salads, or much else on the menu.  Tread carefully!
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/16/2014,159,264,3,10,7>I am giving Rye Five Stars. Why?  Because they are doing what many have tried (breakfast, lunch and dinner joint that stays open late) and have failed at.  They are serving amazing food, great drinks, wonderful deserts and all in a package that opens for breakfast, stays through lunch and then on to dinner and after the bars start winding down.  What more can you ask for?  Entertainment?  Yeah, they pipe in video and audio feed from Urban Lounge next door.  So they have entertainment too.  The menu is well done and the food I have had has all been well prepared; the service is perfect and I never leave feeling like I over spent.  Check it out!  You will be glad you did.  Oh, and check out the fried chicken, the fries, the bourbon ice cream and popcorn desert, the buttermilk pie, the waffles with pork belly, the breakfast bowl, all the cocktails, heck, try it all!  It's all good!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,10/15/2014,30,27,14,11,9>SPAETZEL.  OH MY GOD SPAETZEL! I have never had it before eating here and I want to eat it every day for the rest of my (hopefully long) life.  Noodles with gravy.  It sounds weird.  Trust me, I was very concerned at first.  Then I ate it and was immediately struck with how stupidly wrong I had been to think so poorly of this delicious plate crafted by angels and kissed by fairies.  It's so good.  That being said, the deli is awesome.  Such great food.  And get the spaetzel and bask in it.  Bathe in it.  The grocery section is what kept my friends and I there for nearly two hours.  While small, the selection is large.  And guess what I found? MORE SPAETZEL.  So worth it.  I ended up spending about 50 bucks there on the chocolate and crisps and delicious treats that kept me satisfied for months.  The drinks are incredible too.  Everything there is magical.  Please.... try the spaetzel.  You won't forgive yourself if you don't.  And I hope when you eat it, you imagine my smiling face above you, wiping away a tear of joy.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,10/14/2014,105,86,4,5,5>Full disclosure, Yelp limits us to Five Stars on our reviews, if it were not for the limit I would have given the Pop Over Cafe Ten Stars!!OK, first the bad, well theres .... nope, I got NOTHING, this place is perfect!!!Now the good, nay the great!! When you walk in the door you will immediately feel at home, Johnny the owner and his wife will greet you and answer any questions that you may have about the menu and then it is up to you.My wife, our daughter, and I sampled as much as we could in one visit and EVERYTHING was awesome!!!For starters you have to try the Deviled Eggs, you can get them regular or spicy, tried them both and loved them both.My wife ordered a Turkey Sandwich on the Popwhich Rolls, my daughter ordered the Turkey Sandwich on the Popwich Roll as well but she added Avocado, and I ordered the Mac Over 4 Cheeses and everything that we ordered just blew us away!!My daughter said the avocado was the freshest she has ever had, both my wife and daughter commented on the fresh, chunks of turkey on the Popwich, none of the sliced, processed sandwich meat you get at most places, this was fresh like making a turkey sandwich at home the day after thanksgiving!!! Oh ya, the Popwich Rolls are so freaking good, they are light and flakey and delicious. Oh and the Mac Over 4 Cheeses was only the best Mac and Cheese that I have ever had.After that we tried a pizza and as you might expect from the theme of this review it was great, so fresh, such good flavor. Better then the Pie and tied with Este Pizza for the best pizza in Salt Lake. You will notice that there are records everywhere when you walk in the door, yes vinyl just like the good old days, there is also a turntable in the back and if you find an album you want to listen to you put it on the turntable and drift back in time.I will be the Duke of the Pop on Over Cafe so if you swing by and there is a guy sitting close to the turntable with a big smile on his face that would be me, Pop on Over and say hi!!This is as good as it gets, this is a locally owned family joint that must be visited often before the world becomes nothing but cookie cutter chain restaurants that all taste the same.Great food, CHECK ........... Family owned, CHECK ............ Great atmosphere, CHECK!!!Can't wait to go back, heck, I can't wait to move in!!!!!Until next time my fellow Yelpers ..................... Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can ................ BUY Local!!!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/13/2014,82,143,6,9,6>Hands-down, this is one of the best restaurant in Utah. In fact, I started looking back on my previous '5 stars' on whether I do Forage justice to only give it another '5 stars'. If I could, I would have given Forage 6 stars, yes... it is that good.So, I went with my wife and another couple, who are foodies as well. The menu is only one, which is the tasting menu, so there is not much decision to make. The only decision is only whether we'd like to do wine pairing and what type of wine pairing we'd like to have.Just from "safety" perspective, I ordered the full wine pairing with the meal while my wife order the "short" wine pairing with the idea that one of us needed to drive home.Recommendation: If you really like to enjoy the full experience of Forage, you have to order the full wine pairing because the "short" wine pairing is not even closed to the full one, from both quality of wine and the matching to the food. So, for this review, I am only reviewing the full wine pairing.The appetizers that are served one after another are sweet cicely, dandelion, radish and smoked trout. It came with Rose of Almanegra pairing. The sweet cicely is literally tingling your tongue with freshness and it really freshened your mouth, it's just perfect with Almanegra. The dandelion is crispy and flowery, I could not believe that I ate dandelion, but it is good. The server mentioned that they harvested the dandelion in the wild as the ones surrounding our house are not that good due to lack of freshness. The dandelion is eaten with honey and vinaigrette, it's perfect. The radish was OK, but the "smoked trout" is a killer !!! Yes, it's the best trout, I've ever eaten, it is really smoky (in fact, the smoke is contained in the container and released as the server pull the container up) but it is juicy and not dry... it was just PERFECT !The homemade bread is then served on-top of hot stone (to keep it warm) with butter and salt... it's delicious. It is paired with Kilikanoon Resling, again ... another perfect pair. Next the first main dish came, which is the sturgeon with spruce. It's very fresh fish (could not smell any fishy smell) and perfect combination with "Gundlach Bundschu", from Sonoma, California.My second most favorite dish come next, which is the wild crayfish... it was not fully cooked on the dish, but the subsequent hot broth made it perfectly cooked. It is REALLY REALLY nice... ! It is paired with Chablish... another perfect match.The next main dish is elk with fermented carrot and black walnut. The elk is raw and cut small, so it is tender and the black walnut provide the texture of crispiness. It is paired with the Zelpaltas Saviougn Blanc.Next come the asparagus with coastal shoots from great salt lake. This is the best asparagus I've eaten in my life. It is perfectly cooked with perfect taste.The homemade bread came next, this one looks like a mini-loaf... it is really delicious as we dip them in the butter... just perfect. The poached egg with "last year potato" comes next. The egg is poached PERFECTLY, it does not destroyed the dish as you "cut" the egg as it does not melted, it's just cooked medium perfectly (you should see the picture to understand what I meant). The potato is crispy and tasty (my wife mentioned that it tasted like crispy bacon). It was paired with "Valpolicella, again another perfect pair.My no.1 favorite is our last main dish, which is the "bison grilled in embers with wild onions". The bison is cooked PERFECTLY with the tasty wild onions broth on the side. It was served with "Crozes Hermitage"... it's just awesome.The dinner is closed with two desserts, which are cherry blossom and toasted elm seed. Both are very good and paired with "Grasparossa", a red dessert wine taste like "Port".The service is great and the ambience is perfect... one of the best restaurant in Utah, hands-down !
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,10/12/2014,27,107,1,5,4>I love getting my nails done here. They have a huge nail polish selection, but even better, they have the largest shellac selection I've seen. I have a really hard time picking out a color because there are just so many. The ladies are all really nice and know many of their clients names. They also are very good at cleaning between clients which is great. They also give everyone water bottles while you're there.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/11/2014,68,69,4,5,3>In the prime of my PC hobbyist life I have been a total DIY PC enthusiast.  This of course was pre-family, pre-career and pre-home ownership.  Now days I get strapped for time just making sure I mow the lawn each week.  Spend quality time with the kiddos and of course taking my wife on weekly date nights!  Several months ago I found a used Mac Pro desktop on KSL.  I picked it up for my wife and I have had it setup.  I have been reluctant to put photos on the machine because I don't know what the health is of the hard drive.  Having what I consider beautiful and precious children, I don't want to risk losing those memories.  There was one time, when we lost about three months of photos that were on an iPhone.  It was the worst!Being past my prime, I haven't stayed on top of technology and I don't really have the luxury of time to make multiple trips.  When I set out to get something done, it is preferable when I can get things done the first time.  I hate guesstimates.  So I called over to PC Laptops and I talked to Aaron on the phone, I was in front of the Mac and he was doing some research on his end at the same time.  He was able to determine the specific drive type that I needed and the drive was in stock.  Aaron set the drive aside for me and I had to pack up my almost four year old boys to come along with me for the errand.Walking into this location I was greeted immediately.  I asked for Aaron we talked about the part and had an enjoyable conversation about photo and video editing software for the PC.  What I enjoyed about my interaction was that I felt like I was talking with someone who took their craft seriously.  In my earlier years PCs were a hobby and now for me at least they are the time capsule for my family's memories.  The rep I worked with at this location was a professional and I wanted to take a moment and share the experience.  My little guys in the mean time were eyeing a bowl of candy that was in the shop.  Once they set their minds to something, nothing can stop them.  One of the reps offered them up some candy, very friendly with the little guys.  They also offered a cup of water to my boy who was thirsty.  That kind of hospitality is just appreciated.**I installed the drive in the Mac and it was the right part for the job.  No second trip required, there is no better feeling than when I get to complete an upgrade the first time and everything goes as planned.Thank you!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,10/10/2014,69,142,1,9,5>I've been here three times in the past 7 days. Need I say more?  Amazing dim sum, good prices, lots of parking. What's not to love??? And the service is good too.  One of the few asian restaurants in town where the manager walks around to check in on the customers!  Haven't tried their normal menu, and not sure I ever will  :)
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,10/9/2014,59,71,9,8,8>I've heard tell that R&R has become the best BBQ in Utah, so I packed up the wagon and headed on out to their place. I hitched the horses out front and moseyed on in. Ribs, sliced brisket and sausage with a side of mac and cheese, throw in an order of hush puppies. Some bread, slop on the sauce, and what happens? Food coma. I noticed plastic knives with the condiments.. why? Not a gall-darn thing here needs a knife. Tender as all get-out.The ribs had a tasty bark that was way different than the bark on the brisket. These boys know their business, I'll tell you what.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2014,10/8/2014,54,206,6,6,4>Tucci's, across the street from Whole Foods on 7th East, looks sort of like it should be in trolley square -- a family-friendly Italian restaurant with a massive facade, approachable logo, and huge menu.  But look a little deeper and you see something more than the Olive Garden ordinary.  First, Tucci's has a full bar (very nice) and a decent wine and cocktail list.  So while there might be something for kiddo's to eat, it's not just for family feasts.Second, the staff is very friendly.  Maybe our waiter was even a bit _too_ friendly, with his near constant big smile, his "thank yous" every time he saw us, and his repeat visits to our table to see how the food was.  Of course, over-friendly beats under-friendly every time, but we were beginning to wonder how authentic the friendliness could be.Third, the menu is full of interesting dishes, like the "Lucia" my wife ordered (Salmon pasta with pinenuts and tomatoes in a tomato cream cause) and the Gratino (an uber-eggy, Italian warm custard dish with toasted almonds and caramel).Fourth, they have outdoor seating on a fairly nice patio, even though it may front noisy 7th East.So why only 3 stars?While my wife's Lucia was really tasty, my Penne Alle Vodka (italian Sausage with peppers over penne pasta and in a "spicy tomato vodka sauce") was pretty much just sausage and peppers over pasta.  There didn't seem to be much of a "spicy tomato vodka sauce" at all, but rather just oodles and oodles of (not noodles, but) what looked like sausage oil as the sauce.  I am a hungry guy, but I couldn't finish the pasta covered in all that grease. Their side salads, served as appetizers, were a really great size, and had a nice balance of different greens, but I felt mine were wilted (maybe the dressing had just been applied too early?).  The wife didn't agree.  Also, our server put fresh ground pepper on the salads.  But the pepper mill was set way too coursely, resulting in a "peppercorn dump" on the salad.  I could hardly taste anything but pepper, and I had just a few seconds' worth of grinding.  Once again, the wife didn't agree with me, but it seemed offputting.  Maybe it's just because no starter salad can be as good as Cannella's down the street.Rather than crusty, dense, Italian-style bread, Tucci's serves "rustic" Italian loaves.  Great that they're served hot, but when the loaves are cut, they're smashed down.  And they just sort of taste like run of the mill wheat bread to me.I probably ordered poorly, and none of my other gripes would seriously stop me from trying them again (which we probably will -- their brunch menu looks particularly good).  So if you want Italian, and want a versatile restaurant, you get more than just a chain at Tucci's.  Give 'em a try (but just watch the pepper mill setting!)
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,12/24/2010,18,100,4,4,5>Just moved from Los Angeles.  Scary proposition given how awesome hair is in the City of Angels.  In fact (no pressure here), finding a place for hair was a 'make or break' proposition about whether I could actually be happy in SLC (since everything else about this place rocks me so hard).  Well the results are in and I am now officially staying here forever now that the last piece of the puzzle has fallen into place, thanks to Zach and Lunatic Fringe.  The talent level is identical to LA (and that is saying SO MUCH).  But I have to give this place props because the service levels are so much higher than anything I experienced in Cali or NY that if I could get the same results but in an atmosphere of kindness, I clearly have died and gone to heaven.  Zach really knows his way around a head of hair - not to mention being a delightful human being.  Everyone was hugging their clients on the way out of the salon.  Oh, and Fridays they even serve margaritas to their clients.  Seriously?  Phenomenal.  They sure know how to make sure you will not even CONSIDER anywhere else.  I have to say that the shampoo room (Lather Lounge) is the BOMB - what an awesome head massage there too in a quiet room with relaxing music.  And the products are perfection (Bumble, Tea Tree, SumoTech) - just my favorite stuff.  Please do yourself a favor and make an appointment - your hair will thank you (and your colleagues will tell you how fantastic you look).  Oh, and if things weren't perfect enough, the bill is a FRACTION of what I would have paid for in LA for this perfect experience/service.  This Utah thing just gets better and better every day.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2010,12/23/2010,47,96,2,4,3>really tasty pizza with some fabulous ingredients. the new mexican green chili (possibly wrong title) pizza is dang good. spicier than i expected, but still outstandingly good. it's pricier than other pizza places in town, but all the other places are chain restaurants. for something more home-made, this is the place. thin crust is great for pizza too. for those who don't like thin, you really should know that good-authentic pizza usually has thin crust. kind of makes you feel like you aren't in provo when you're eating their pizza. i will be going back to try their rosemary potato bacon one, because you can never go wrong with bacon.i love the basement setting of an apartment complex too. great college feel, especially since it's right by the college.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,12/22/2010,5,38,2,4,3>Yup, come here for their lunch buffet or dinner.  Either way you can't go wrong.  Just come by when their open, especially for their buffet.  Late-ish arrival for lunch buffet can be challenging, however when I've done this on accident, the owners asked if there was anything that was low that I would like to eat.  And they happily made some more right there on the spot.This is one of the places my friends and I go when they come in town.  The owners and employees are super friendly.Discovery of this place is a must.Oh and I love their fried momo's.  Ordering them for take out becomes a habit.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,12/21/2010,10,11,1,5,4>We have been dining at the best in Park City for over a decade.  Talisker has set a new bar.  Their incredibly diverse, seasonal and inspired menu is not to be missed.  Sous vide duck salad, an elegant twist on shepard's pie and succulent lamb lingers in memory as one of the best meal experiences on any continent.  Robust, delicate and savory.  The decor is an interesting blend of English aristocracy and French Country adapted to the great American West.  Truly a classic in the making.  Highly recommend.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/20/2010,136,248,3,4,3>Trio is great italian food. I love the restaurant as it has cool modern feel, the big windows bring good light into the booths, very good ambiance. The food ain't too shabby either. I had a lentil soup that was so good i would have slurped down the whole pot if i could. The pizzas a great and so is the pasta. I usually get the sausage rigatoni. They had an off night once when i was there but a swept that under the rug and the many other times i've been there it's great.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,12/18/2010,68,80,4,5,5>Mmmm just thinking about this place is making me crave it! My friend found this place and always talked it up to me so I just recently went with her to try it. Where do I begin? I ordered the Pad Siew with beef which was so delicious. I asked them to make mine spicy and they made it spicy! This is unsual because most restaurants are scared to add spice when you request it. The noodles, veggies, and beef were so good that I was silently ignoring my friends' conversation the whole time we were there. The price was really good for the great quality of food. The service is great. The atmosphere is great. If you love finding hole-in-the-wall places that have authentic food... this is perfect for you. Ever since I've been, I find myself daydreaming about it and now I have to beg my friend who introduced it to me to come with me on the weekends!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,12/17/2010,24,47,5,13,5>This is a lovely little boutique that moved onto Broadway in the past year. (It's old location was around 9th & 9th). They sell casual to dressy women's clothing and accessories. It's such a charming and hip place, with it's cute dressing room curtains and striking merchandising. The staff is always friendly and helpful as well. I like to stop in for gifts or find a special little something to add to an outfit for a special event. They have a great selection of beautiful jewelry and, currently for winter, scarves, hats and gloves. My ONLY gripe is that they don't sell clothing beyond a size large. They have darling dresses that I can only dream about wearing at this point. That could just be the brands that they choose to carry though. I marked the price range as "pricey" since some of the clothing runs around the $100 mark, but the accessories are very affordable.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,12/16/2010,18,24,2,4,2>I stopped there recently on my way home after a 12 hour day at work.  The menu is large which was a litle overwhelming to my work-spent brain.  I ordered gyoza while trying to decide on the rest of my meal.  They were quite light if a little greasy;  the dipping sauce was nice and vinegary. They have a large selection of sushi with many that  feature ingredients such as tempura shrimp, cream cheese and fruit - I am not a fan of rolls of this type so found my options to be limited.  I finally selected a spicy tuna roll which was a good size and good tasting.I started this review with 3 stars but realised that I enjoyed what I did order making 4 stars fair.  I think that the 3 stars were a result of being a little overwhelmed by the menu but still finding that the sushi was a little limited for my tastes.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2010,12/14/2010,11,89,3,5,3>I love Cheesesteaks, so when I saw this sub shop on yelp I had to go. I ordered a small (8") Cheesesteak with the works. Here are my thoughts: - The first bite was great! By the time I finished, I was well past satisfied.  Full of flavor.  Good sized serving of tender chopped steak.  - The roll was a bit soft for my liking. It was very good, but I prefer them to be a bit more crusty on the outside and a nice firm chewy consistency on the inside. - I thought they used a bit too much black pepper/hot pepper in mine. It was right on the boarder of overpowering the entire sandwich. - Next time I go plan to have them hold the ketchup and mayo. It seemed out of place for a cheese steak. - I'm also going to leave off the pickles. Don't get me wrong, I love pickles, but the vinegar flavor seemed to detract from the sandwich. Other thoughts: - Location was a bit hard to find. There is no sign on the street and you can't see it from the street. - Very nice dining area. Plenty of seating. Very clean. Well done. - Friendly staff - From the time I ordered my sandwich to when it was ready seemed about right. Not lightning speed, but I didn't feel the wait was excessive. - Gripe #1: I don't usually get soda with my meals. It's not that I'm cheap (which I am), but I just don't drink soda. I asked for a cup of water and they said they didn't have water. I would have to purchase bottled water or a soda. How can you not have water? How do you do the dishes? Charge me for the cup and the ice, I don't care, but I think a guy ought to be able to get water with his lunch. - Gripe #2: They don't take plastic. Bring cash. They have an ATM card reader at the counter. So, if you want to use your card, you swipe it, push the button for $10 and they give you change back. Here's the catch. It costs you 75 cents to use the ATM. Yes, I will go again. I'll get the 12" and share it with my lunch buddy. Hold the pickles, mayo, and ketchup. Maybe some green peppers might be nice next time. Now, the burning questions. Is it better than Moochies? I don't think so, but I'm not positive. It has been a couple of months since I was introduced to Moochies, so I need to go back for a second time to make sure.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,12/13/2010,28,17,3,10,8>If you love arepas (similar to Mexican gorditas)...or are simply in the mood for something different...unique...from Latin America...and SO GOOD...then this is the place for you!  I went for the first time, last night, with family and friends and it was delicious!  I ordered the In & Out arepa and my fiance ordered the Pabellon arepa.  If I had to recommend one of the two...I would say go with the Pabellon.  Even though the In & Out has shrimp and all, the Pabellon just tastes better.  We also had Latin American hot chocolate....SOOO GOOD.  There's no place to sit (since it is a concession trailer)...so plan on getting them to go or if you're with a group of friends it's fun to just hang out and eat.  Also, make sure you try the green sauce...i absolutely loved it! (can't remember what it's called)Anyway, I recommend Arepas In & Out.  I've had a lot of arepas in my life but these are by far the best.  Oh, and they're open till like 2:30 am.  Probably the only place in Utah that is open that late. :P
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,1/15/2012,159,264,2,6,3>I love Kyoto today just as much as I did when I wrote my review in 2007.  Japanese comfort food at it's finest.  (yes, you read right.  I have been reviewing on Yelp in our fair city for over 4 years!! Do I win a prize? Jeffry?) Anyway,  we had not been in several months, maybe almost a year, thanks to the kids that now inhabit our lives and were pleasantly surprised to see that Akira had finished traveling the states and was back behind the Sushi bar!  Welcome back Akira!  He has brought some creative new ideas to the place and the menu has changed significantly. This evening we dined at the booths as they are perfect for boxing in the little ones so that we don't bother the adjacent diners with little humans like they once were.  A few mild rolls for the kiddos and some spicy rolls for us.  All were tight and delicious and I was pleased to not see a single deep fried or cream cheese filled roll on the menu.  Perhaps they have been added, but I didn't see them.  Thank God!Now that boys are reaching civilized toddler stages I look forward to being back often.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,1/14/2012,59,170,4,5,4>Everybody will recommend the concretes, and they aren't wrong.  The thick-as-a-Kardashian shakes are truly tasty.  What people seem to overlook, though, is the pure and simple joy of a vanilla custard cone.  Whatever vanilla Neilsen's is using is powerful juju, and I approve.The usually have at least one other flavor, made fresh each day.  It's worth calling ahead to make sure that you don't get your heart set on vanilla only to find that they've created some other devilish concoction like banana walnut or cherry chocolate chip.  If that happens to you, though, you can avail yourself of the double-scoop and get one of each.  I promise, it works.  I've done it many, many times.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,1/13/2012,73,69,2,5,3>I am an idiot and didn't even realize Murphy's served food. I guess when I'm there I'm too busy throwing back Jameson to notice food. This bar is great for groups. They have really long tables and large booths that can accomodate lots of people. For this reason alone, Murphy's is usually a go to spot when we're throwing a party but aren't in the mood to have it at someone's house. In fact, I had my post Wedding reception party at Murphy's. Drinks are cheap, they have a great selection of beers and more importantly SCOTCH AND WHISKEY. I love that I can order a shot of Macallan 12 right after my shot of Canadian Host. They are also one of the few bars I've seen that serve absinthe. While it's definitely not with Wormwood, I like the novelty of even having it available. Love you Murphy's. Thanks for letting my get away with dancing on the bar because it was my wedding night.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,1/12/2012,210,1036,,8,3>Last December I was put in charge of my company's holiday party. I choose Noah's because it was centrally located based on where my co-workers live, it was a great space, and many amenities were included like table clothes, mic and projector, etc. Overall Noah's was great to worth with and a fantastic venue for our party. On the negative side some of the staff who helped us plan our event were not very friendly. One girl in particular was rather rude about a few things we requested. For example, the table clothes provided were very wrinkled and when I asked if they could do something about it, she flippantly responded, "You can do it yourself!" Considering how much we spent to host our event at Noah's I would have expected a little nicer answer.Another thing that bothered us was the cost for centerpieces. Although many things were included with our room rental, centerpieces were not. Even for a basic centerpiece Noah's wanted to change us a considerable amount. In the end we were able to work out a small discount, but I still felt like they were nickle and dime-ing us. If you are looking to book an event at Noah's there are some definite positive things to consider. Unlike a lot of other venues...1. You can use your catering company and bartender. For no extra fee.2. You can use your DJ or band.  For no extra fee.3. You can provide your own decorations and centerpieces.4. Tables, chairs, projector, mic, and so on are included with your rental for no extra charge. Basically Noah's will let you do whatever you want so long as its not illegal. On the negative side you should consider:1. Noah's charges a lot of extras like centerpieces.2. One of the biggest things to consider is how intimate and personal do you want your event? Because Noah's has space for several events there may be three or four other events going on during your event. For something like a company party I didn't feel like this mattered. But for something like a wedding or wedding reception having other events and tons of strange people around may not what you want. If you want an intimate, personal wedding reception or party Noah's is probably not the venue for you.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,1/11/2012,64,258,,6,3>I drove by this place a few times before I realize this was the new Mama's plantation location. No signs, just neon signs in the window that say Catfish, Chicken and BBQ!The food was great, I tried the fried chicken, collard greens, mac and cheese and fried cat fish. The fish was good, I'm not a fresh water fish fan but they did a great job with it and neither of the fried foods were greasy.The lady that helped us was funny and helpful and kept on top of everything... great service
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,1/10/2012,118,169,7,17,8>After three separate experiences with Penny Ann's I feel like I'm officially qualified to say that I really like this place.The first time I went,  I was tagging along and had already eaten dinner, so I just nibbled on some chicken strips and admired the Reuben across the table from me. (That's a sandwich folks, not a person). The chicken strips were good, but what really impressed me was the staff. Everyone was so nice and ready to be your lifelong friend, but not in a clingy way.  I sort of felt like we could sit and chat about the good ol' days when we used to play down by the 'crick' catching crawdads. 2nd encounter was strictly pie.  Penny Ann's was nice enough to donate pies for our eating enjoying at the August Elite event. They had 3 kinds and were perfectly willing to share full slices of all three, but I got full so only tried the chocolate peanut butter and key lime. YUM. We even ended up with a whole chocolate peanut butter pie afterwards and ate it over the next few days. Yep, I ate pie for a few meals straight. I won the battle with gluttony and parted with a couple of pieces to share with my neighbor. She enjoyed it so much she was anxious to believe that magical unicorns had left it in my fridge.Third time sealed the deal. I stopped by with two friends after a women's meeting downtown. We got there right before they were closing the kitchen but we were treated like family. We ordered two dinners and one piece of pie between the 3 of us. She brought out 3 extra plates without a word from us and let us share the meals family style. We ordered the eggplant dinner and their special that night was a roast beef dinner. The eggplant was cut thinner than I've ever had it and was fancily folded and covered with an amazing sauce. I could hardly believe I was eating eggplant. I LIKE eggplant, but this was something amazing. The cooked zucchini  on the side even tasted special. What  do you put on zucchini to make it special? I don't know. But it was SO good.The roast beef seemed a tad bit dry, but, there was gravy and it was the end of the evening. The flavor was good. Still loved the key lime pie. Yep, it's officially delicious.The food was good, and seriously not expensive, especially for the care and effort that is put into it. But really my favorite part was feeling like I was part of the family.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,1/9/2012,65,59,3,7,6>I'm becoming a fan of the Jordans.  Not Michael Jordan.  Not Air Jordans, but South Jordan and West Jordan.  Why?  Because great restaurants are starting to migrate westward, and it's one pioneer trek that's loooong overdue.Thank you, Wild Rose, for homesteading in our little southwestern corner of the valley.  You brought with you a proverbial gold rush of flavors, an ambiance rarely seen in these here parts, and a level of creativity that we hope will blaze a trail for future settlers in the area.Here's what we had:Let's start with the bread.  Really?  The bread?  Yup - it was good enough to comment on.  The bread was warm.  That's an excellent start.  This is such a simple concept, but it's so often completely missed.  Cold bread = less love.  But the bread was not bread alone.  It came with a fantastic roasted red pepper,garlic, and (just a touch of) balsamic compound butter.  I could not stop eating that stupid delicious butter.  Our server asked if we wanted more, and I said I didn't because then I would eat it.  It has magic powers, that butter.  Pace yourself because it's only the beginning.Apps: Diver Scallops- Chipotle, Garlic, Shallot,Tomato, Cream:I have to say I'm not a big fan of chipotle peppers...normally.  When misused (as they often are) they infuse a flavor akin to cheap barbecue sauce.  I AM a HUGE fan of diver scallops - they are the beef tenderloin of the sea.  So I asked the chef to come out (young guy, worked his way up from dishes - they are always the best chefs -the ones that start at rock bottom).  He did.  I shared my chipotle concerns.  Not only did he assure me that this dish didn't taste like that, he whipped me up a quick little sample of sauce to try.  Who does that?  He does.  I didn't lick the plate.  I promise.  Kurabuta Pork Belly- 5 hour braised, Jalepeno Grits, Roasted Garlic/BBQ Demi-Glace: For me the pork belly (and yes, I know what pork belly is) was a little on the fatty side; a little bit on the rubbery side in terms of mouth feel.  That being said, the flavor of the overall dish was uh-maz-ing.  Oh, and I really honestly hate grits.  Never eat them.  These were totally edible grits.  Great caramelized flavors in the BBQ demi.  Soul-smackin' satisfyin'.  Salad:  To be honest, we didn't get a salad but we did get to try the Caesar Salad dressing.  We didn't get a Caesar Salad because their dressing tastes pretty much like they stole how I make my dressing.  That's about the highest compliment I know how to pay because I make mine just exactly how I like it and so do they.Sorbet:A palate cleanser.  The flavor of the night was tangerine.  So lovely.  Nobody serves sorbet anymore.  It's just that extra touch that took the meal from impressive to exceptional.Entree:Tenderloin of Beef- Ruby Port Demi-Glace with a Hint of Dark Chocolate , Sliver of Roaring Forties Blue, Creamy Mashed Potatoes - This was the only misstep of the meal, but it was only a "stepped on my toes for, like, a second or two" misstep.   In other words - neither my husband nor I tasted the hint o' chocolate in the demi.  The mashed potatoes were just mashed potatoes.  The butternut squash puree was a disaster - stringy and bland.  That stuff needs to meet a ricer and marry it.  No bueno.  And the veg (though very pretty) didn't have nearly as much flavor appeal as they did visual appeal.  If the kitchen just took a minute (or five) to roast or grill their veggie side, it would impart so much more flavor, and a bigger more perfect bang for my buck.  The steak was cooked perfectly though and certainly was delicious.Dessert:Irish Cream Dark Chocolate Mousse- Belgian Callebaut, Hint of CarolansMousse is a chef's dessert (as opposed to a pastry chef's dessert).  It's not hard to make.  It's usually pleasing to the palate.  It's rich, smooth, and creamy (all good words when describing a sweet treat).  It was not too sweet, not too bitter.  The cocoa-y undertones from the...uh...cocoa powder (Belgian Callebaut) were followed by the slightly sharp bite of the Carolans (Irish Cream).  It made for a nice balance and a great mouth feel.  A dreamy finish to an overall great meal.If they fix the sides on the entrees and they heighten the chocolate in the demi, they will earn my fifth star.  And I don't give those five stars out lightly.  That's not much of a fix to wish a star upon.  Lastly, ambiance.  The restaurant has a lovely, romantic, modern, clean feel.  The only downside is the potential for headlights in your eyes from the parking lot outside.  Our wonderful server assured us that the owner is working on fixing that.Wild Rose - be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.  Welcome to ours.  We hope you'll stay for dinner and forever.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,1/8/2012,67,197,,11,5>I just ordered an Aloo Gobi for the first time a couple of days back. I found it interesting that they make this dish using cabbage (aka patta gobi) instead of the typical cauliflower (aka phool gobi). Very unusual but very tasty. The blend of spices, in one word, perfect.Other really delicious dishes I've had over here since my last review:Chaat: dahi vadaKababs: chicken tikkaThis may not be the fancy-pants-sit-down-and-eat-some-curry-place. There are restaurants in the valley that cater to such requirements. However, when it comes to making slow, real and tasty Indian/Pakistani food, after almost a year of eating here regularly, I'd say AB can't be beat.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,1/7/2012,35,65,6,5,5>the cheesesteak was legit so you should go here even if you end up driving past the place like an idiot and end up having to circle the block twice before you can even attempt to order your sandwich. it doesn't seem like figuring out the correct meat to whiz to onion to bread ratio should be a complicated science, but I'm guessing that this guy has a degree in it from Penn or Temple or something.I found the fries to be nothing special, but they were provided in large quantities and I ate them, including the ones that overflowed into the bag. the soda was a big soda by default. I didn't even have to ask for the big soda.the guy who runs the place (it appeared to be a one man operation) was very friendly, which led me to question whether or not he was actually an Eastern Pennsylvania native, thereby calling into question the overall authenticity of the whole operation, but whatever.as the name would indicate, this is drive-thru only, which results in an extra star for never having to get out of the car, bringing the total to an even five.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,1/6/2012,180,33,4,6,5>This place is magical, and if you have been here, you know exactly what I mean. I don't know how many times I had passed by this place without even really giving it a thought.It wasn't until Foursquare, Gowalla and especially Yelp that I really began noticing this place...mainly because people wouldn't shut up about it. So many check-ins...so one night, I thought I'd give it a go.One of the things I do when going to a place for the first time is NEVER go through the drive-thru. If they have the option to go in, I do it. I want to see what the place is all about. After looking over countless quick tips and recommendations, I went with 2 Shrimp Tacos (A+) 2 Fish Tacos (A) and Chile Verde Burrito (A). {Some of this order was for my wife...she really enjoyed her one shrimp taco} ;-) I've been back a number of times and fallen in love with much of their menu. (The Carne Asada Burrito is to die for.)Here is a recommendation for you - bypass the drive-thru, go inside and order...while your order is coming up, order a bottle of Jarritos Tamarind and put a lime wedge in it. You can thank me later
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,6/5/2011,139,132,4,8,6>I tried this place out today based on Matt W's review and good god, I can't believe I have lived in SLC for 3 years and have never been here! First off- you want the garlic rosemary fries, just do it. Fresh garlic and rosemary tossed in with just out of the fryer french fries=choirs of angels singing as the sky parts with a beam of light onto your basket of fries. Their fry sauce is pretty swell too. The Burger...where do I start? Fresh, locally made bun (from Stoneground), really nice beef (no funky seasoning, you can actually taste the beef) that is grilled up and has the perfect amount of char, and FIELD GREENS- can you believe it? Field greens in a biker bar. Love it. Oddly enough I really believe another type of lettuce would steer these burgers all wrong. I hope they stick with the fancy lettuce. Anyhow, this place will be my new burger go to. They were playing a great music selection (Social Distortion, etc) and while the burger did take a tad longer to reach the table than I expected, it was well worth it. Open Sundays and they take Amex. GO!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,6/4/2011,89,54,6,10,6>When my newly adopted dog ate his stitches I was panicked and needed to take him to see a vet ASAP. Since I had just adopted Marc Jacobs (the puppy) I had no idea who to call or where to go. Since it was after business hours I knew I would need to find an Urgent Care. I was terrified this would cost me mega cash!AVC was a life saver and helped calm our nerves. I was nervous I would have to pay a huge medical bill, but their prices were very reasonable. The Vet was very helpful and was able to put Marc at ease quickly. I am very thankful for this place and how simple and inexpensive it was to resolve my concern.I was in and out of the office within an hour. If Marc Jacobs has any future emergencies we will be heading straight to AVC. Let's pray we have no more emergencies, this new pet owner can't handle it!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,6/3/2011,186,563,2,8,4>Finally got around to trying Don Merino's today after some car repair stuff lead me on my lunch hour to this end of the valley. Me and my BF both love pupusas and he adores pizza so this place sounded like heaven after reading Jeffrey's review. The location is definitely easily missed. It's in the middle of a little shopping strip off State Street and I've never noticed it before. There is window painting in neon green stating they sell "Pizza by the slice" when you pull up. The dine-in area is tiny and beware, if you pull the chair out it's gonna be loud. It roars/scrapes across the tile. I was almost ashamed to scoot myself in closer to the table.The teenaged boy working there solo this afternoon did not know how to make pupusas and for a minute I was really, really disappointed. He assured me that my pizza slice (I ordered the Belizia) would be enough and so I pouted and waited for it to come out. Incidentally, we ordered the lunch special (a slice, salad and drink for $5.50) but they were out of salad. He offered us some wings instead, which we giddily accepted. When the food came out, I was stunned. The "slice" was enormous and could have passed for an entire personal pizza. It was steaming hot right out of the pizza oven, so much that I had to wait a few minutes in anticipation before taking the first bite. And what a glorious first bite it was. My toppings were yellow squash, zucchini, spinach and sausage. All of my toppings were fresh and nothing canned was on my pizza. My sausage wasn't ground sausage, which I appreciated. It was a sliced sausage. The sauce was what I loved so much. It wasn't too thick or too thin and had a perfect garlicky flavor about it but it wasn't overpowering. This, too, tasted fresh and home made. And the crust....cooked perfectly to a crispy crunch on the outside and soft and bready on the inside. It wasn't too thick or too thin. It was perfect. The wings were ok. The skin was slimy and I really hate that.  I think after all I would have preferred a salad, but it was a very kind gesture. A second employee with pupusa know-how came on shift and we asked to order a few to go but he let us know it would be 30-45 minutes. I had to be back to work, so no pupusas today but no biggie because we were already stuffed! He also let me in on a tip, they use a special oven for the pupusas and it's best to call ahead if you want them because the oven takes 15 minutes to heat to the correct temperature and it's not always on. I was glad he said something. Now I know, and I will definitely be calling in some pupusa love very soon. Despite having some kinks to work out, I LOVED Don Merino's. The quality vs. price is phenomenal and I wouldn't think twice before coming here again.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,6/2/2011,52,73,12,6,9>Decent NY style pizza. I won't get into the argument about authenticity, because I'm pretty sure I lived in NY for a few years eating pizza that wasn't authentic enough for some yelpers.Monday's offer the "Back to Work" special of 2 slices and a soda for $5. I  had one slice that had pesto and garlic and was sufficiently smelly. It was good and I'd order it again. My other slice was plain old pepperoni. It was super greasy. On the plus side I haven't had to moisturize my skin all week. Who am I kidding? I'd probably order that again too.All in all this is a divey pizza place thats open late. It offers cheap, handmade pizza. This is going into my lunch rotation.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,6/1/2011,76,161,2,6,2>Since this place is down the street from my house, this is where I typically spend my Sundays Brunching it up! It's definitely not common for me to go to the same bar twice in one day. Today happened to be that day. My wife and I went to meet some friends for Brunch @ 1pm I ordered "The Mexican" and My wife ordered the "Corned Beef and Hash" breakfasts. The Mexican is a Chile Verde breakfast with eggs, potatoes and Sour Cream with a flour tortilla on the side. Its very delicious and reasonably priced. The corned beef is a new item on the menu, and very tasty traditional pub food served with 2 over easy eggs, potatoes and some toast. If you want some snacks I'd suggest the Canadian Poutine or the Scotch Eggs. They also have Fried Dill Pickles. The drink Specials are $1 Mimosas and $4 Create your Own Bloody Marys as well $3 Miller steins!!!After a few hours we left to run some errands. After doing those and some Homework we decided to have some Dinner @ Piper Down. I got the Cheese-steak and My wife got the Shepherds Pie. Both were Delicious. The Cheese-steak is a more choose your option type of sandwich . You can choose from Steak, Chicken, or Ham and a Variety of Cheeses and if you want veggies or not. as well if wrapped or on a hoagie. I tried the Steak with American and Mushrooms on a Hoagie with a Side of tasty beer-battered onion rings. The Shepherds Pie was really tasty and especially since that what they should be known for.  I recommend to come here for Parties (since I had a Bachelor Party here) or just a casual dinner or Sunday brunch you will not be disappointed, and the service is always excellent as well as the cocktails.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/31/2011,221,489,7,16,9>One thing I've been saying since I moved to SLC: "You know what this place needs? A good Jewish deli." Well, one has opened, and it is mere blocks from my house! Just when I thought 9th and 9th couldn't get more awesome.I read Ryan's review yesterday and excitedly made my way here for lunch today. That's how psyched I was. Anyway, this isn't quite your Grandma-in-Boca's Jewish deli, which means that you're not going to be able to get the hardcore stuff like chopped liver, tongue, and whitefish (but I'd be the only one ordering that stuff anyway). But on the flipside, you won't have to deal with occasionally sketchy surroundings or that really matter-of-fact service that usually comes with Jewish delis.So, if this isn't my Grandma's deli, what kind of place is this? Something that takes a lot of the great stuff from the old school places and freshens it up into something really awesome. When I walked in, I was immediately impressed by the cool and modern-yet-cozy interior. They show homage to the old school delis through memorabilia (I think I saw an apron from Katz's and an older Jewish cookbook, among other things). As I perused the large menu, I was greeted by a really friendly guy who enthusiastically told me about how they went through about twelve different types of pastrami to find the right one for their sandwiches. That's caring about your ingredients. I didn't go for the pastrami (but I'll have to soon!), but rather snagged a tuna salad sandwich for myself and a turkey sandwich with pesto and bacon for my boyfriend who was waiting back at home. I also got us two cups of matzo ball soup. While I waited for my order, Kathie (who I think is the owner) talked to me for a bit about their ingredients and future plans for the restaurant. Apparently they have a patio area in the works, and when they get that going, they'll expand the hours until 8pm (or, I guess, 805!) What a treat that will be!But you want to know about the food, right? Who cares how good it looks and how nice the owner is if the food isn't up to par? Well, the stuff we ordered was truly awesome. My tuna was beautiful: not over mayonnaised and with a little kick to it. Alan's turkey sandwich was even better, though, as all the fresh ingredients played off of each other really well. The sandwiches were both served with little cups of a pasta salad featuring bow tie pasta and sun-dried tomatoes, and it complimented the sandwiches very nicely. And the matzo ball soup? The matzo balls were a bit denser than some I had, but were delicious and had a great texture. The broth was the best part, though. The broth was perfect. When I was there waiting, Kathie told me that they were going to be serving bagels and lox for breakfast tomorrow, and I'm very tempted to go back and try it. Even if I don't, I know I'll be back here many times in the future. You must try this place. Seriously.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,5/30/2011,63,139,3,4,4>After an unscheduled reroute of my jog down 300 South one evening I found this little gem of a theater in SLC.  You don't have to wait till Sundance to see IFC quality films in Salt Lake.  You just won't be watching those films in style, the theater is as off beat as the movies that you'll watch in it.The theater is tucked in just off of Broadway in the office complex at the intersection of State and 300 South.  Things such as stadium seating, high back chairs, and DLP projectors have passed this theater by.  As long as you understand this you won't be disappointed.  The theater is run by the Salt Lake Film Society, so the work that they do to bring SLC great independent films is very admirable.While the theater is older, its only 1990's old.  We aren't talking about your grandfather's theater so don't get too worried if you're reading this before going.  They have a great snack bar with a lot of fun choices other than popcorn and Coke.  I believe they have free refills on most or all of the popcorn and soda.The tickets are 8.50 for those of us who don't qualify for matinée or student discounts.  They take credit cards at the box office and the snack counter.  It looks like they have a film society membership that gets you discounts and a limited number of free tickets.  Seems like it would be a good deal if you see a lot of the indie movies.  I recommend seeing a movie here.  Its a very un-SLC type of place.  I think everyone should go here even though Larry H Miller doesn't own it and there aren't undertones of religion in the pre-previews like some movie theaters in the Salty City.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,5/29/2011,100,149,,6,7>After endless repeat visits I just had to upgrade these guys to four stars.  They are continually consistent and eminently friendly.  The kind of owner/operators you just want to immediately root for.  They now have my 'greek fast food dollars' exclusively.  No more crown, yannis or mad greek for me.The price/portion value proposition here is just killer.  $8.99 will get you the combo plate, which is a chicken kabob, beef kabob, gyro meat, green salad, huge pile of rice/fries and a couple of sauces (greek dressing and tzatziki).  Its enough for two meals for me. While I'm not normally one to espouse the virtues of huge plates of food for cheap prices, its hard not to bring it up when the food is so good.  I mentioned earlier that I wasn't ready to commit to claiming them as having the best chicken, well I havent had a better chicken kabob anywhere in town; theirs is juicy and perfectly cooked.  They also do 1/4, 1/2 and whole chickens roasted on the spit too.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,5/28/2011,67,197,7,14,10>After innumerable visits to Ali Baba over the past three months, it's about time I write down this review.  First, let's get a few things out of the way.) Don't let the take-out atmosphere, plastic knives and forks scare you away. I kind of enjoy the small dining area and they do provide silverware when needed.) The menu as listed on the wall is really limited. But there is more. In fact, a lot more. As you will get to see on their printed menu.) They can take time to prepare the food. Sometimes, I just call ahead, irrespective of whether I dine in or do take-out.Why do they get 5 stars?It's simple, really. I don't think I've ever had such consistently good Indian/Pakistani food in this part of the world. I have tried many many dishes and ALL of them have been really good. In no particular order of awesomeness, these include:) Naans (plain/garlic) - The naans are huge. While size should never be used to judge a naan, they do make it really well - soft and delicious.) Curries such as Kadahi Chicken, Saag Paneer - If you can't handle heat or spice, you better let them know for they don't hold it back. I just wish they go a little easy on the oil (I have to remind them every time) but they taste so good!) Biryani (chicken) - The rice is fragrant, flavorful and colorful, the meat is nice and tender. When someone makes such a good biryani, I'd probably feel bad if I have to give them less than 5 stars. They can also make you a mutton biryani when given sufficient notice. Trusted sources tell me that the mutton biryani is to die for (is this phrase still legal?). ) Pakoras - The appetizers are crispy, tasty, and plentiful. ) Chai - Yes, a simple cup of tea. It is as good as it gets. ) Seekh Kababs (chicken) - Finally, the chicken seekh kababs are out of this world! I don't think I've ever had such delicious seekh kabab's ever! The secret lies in the use of minced meat. Squeeze a lil lemon, dip it in mint sauce, and you will be hooked. To me, Ali Baba's seekh kababs have set the bar for as good a kabab can possibly get. And that says it all.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,5/27/2011,114,115,,11,8>I'm not a coffee shop connoisseur but I would think this would be the spot. Wide open area with good mix of couches, chairs and tables. The people are super friendly and helpful. Free wi-fi, not too loud, decent hours. Open on Sunday!They have a good mix of something sweet and savory. The alfajores looked amazing. Their ricotta cake is a must have with it's two layers blended together. I would have a pic but I ate it too fast, it was that good!The empanadas had flavorful fillings and good ratio of crust to meat. This has replaced my previous choice as the go to for great empanadas. I will definitely try the milanesa sandwich next time as I was jealous watching Ryan eat his.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,11/14/2011,158,120,,5,2>This store has it all!  Great hair products!  Great skincare products!  Cute gifts for birthdays, bridal parties or dinner parties.  This place as great tools for the hair, they have the cutest boots!  They do pedicures, facials, eyelash extensions and hair.  The staff is friendly and fun and always is very, very helpful.  The are also very knowledgable in the lines that they carry and always are very great about answering all questions that you have!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,11/13/2011,123,201,3,7,4>Oh, yeah! I found my go-to place for plain ol' simple Mexican food. To me, this is like the better version of all those Beto's, Alberto's, Roberto's, Francisco's, Alejandro's, and taco stands all in one place.I absolutely adore this place because it is very clean and well kept, good ol' tasty food that hits the spot, and great service with a smile. I can't put my finger on it exactly, but something about this restaurant really makes me fond about it and can't wait to go back. The way the owners carry out their business just makes you want to eat their food. They were really earnest and I felt it.I was stunned by their menu and I loved at how they had pictures of all of their dishes. They also have a good variety of hot sauces and an à la carte with different sauces and vinegared-vegetables for your condiments.I'm sure you'll find something that you like here because who doesn't love Mexican food?Note(s): You get free chips and salsa and the salsa is muy deliciouso!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,11/12/2011,165,167,8,7,6>I have a ring that's pretty important to me, and I never wore it as often as I should have, because it was too big for me and I was afraid that on the off chance that for SOME reason I started talking with my hands, suddenly, it would fly off my finger and I would never see it again and my heart would be broken and I'd have to explain myself and the fact that I lost a ring with such a history and such a hilarious story behind it and I'd have to tell the boy who gave it to me that I'd lost it and I've lost it before but he doesn't know because I've always managed to find it, BUT I didn't want to lose it.That's where Freshman's came in. They made my ring smaller. Now it fits, and it cost a lot less than I had been quoted elsewhere, and the best part....When we were figuring out what size it should be, the nice man at Freshman's told me that my fingers were dainty and petite. Or maybe I said that and he agreed, but either way... Great service, the job was done earlier than quoted, for a great price, and I'm skinny.  What more could you want from a jewelry shop? OH! Vintage jewelry? They have that too! I'm a vintage nerd, and I didn't know prior to my recent visits, but Freshman's has all kinds of amazing vintage and estate pieces (rings, brooches...) in a very special corner case. When I grow up I'm going to buy baubles galore from this place.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,11/11/2011,197,177,1,6,2>I heard about this place years ago while I was living in Texas listening to a Utah radio station online. They mentioned something about whole wheat pancakes with granola topped with peanut butter. The tantalizing image of a tasty breakfast stayed with me until we moved here in February. Guess what I ordered on my first visit? The pancake was bigger than my head. FILLED with crunchy and sweet granola. One pancake was too much to possibly eat in one sitting and only 2 bucks. Add an order of their perfectly crispy hashbrowns and a cup of joe and you are set. K gets one of their breakfast combinations and has loved all of them. The ankle biters like bagels and scrambled eggs. On a whim I ordered the grilled cheese on sourdough with fries for breakfast one day and it did not disappoint. The staff is so friendly, and it's fun to watch them interacting with their regulars. Seating is very limited, so be prepared to wait if you go during breakfast. They can accomadate kids but it gets a little tight with a highchair sticking out in the aisle. They have games for the ankle biters at the register, as well as magazines to peruse while you wait. Breakfast runs from $2-7.Go! Go now!Support local!!!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,11/10/2011,306,148,,6,4>Red Corner is new Chinese diner right off 7200 South and State. It's been open for less than a week, and I was tipped off by a review in the Deseret News. The diner has a nice modern ambiance, with extremely helpful and friendly staff. I came in a large group of 20 people, and although it took the kitchen a while to get everyone's food out, they were vigilant with refills and keeping us updated on the progress of the meal. I'm always impressed when Coke Zero is available.Between the members of our large group, I tried a bunch of dishes. The potstickers were steamed and delicious. The fried rice was a little bland, but excellent with a little sauce on it. I love the chow mein. The Mandarin chicken was the best I've had. The sweet and sour pork was just the way I like it - lean on the breading with a flavorful sauce that doesn't resemble melted jello. The broccoli beef was cooked perfectly. I think that they'll do well with their pricing - it's much less than some of the higher end Chinese places in the valley, but several dishes were higher quality.  All the portions were generous. They offer a $5.99 lunch menu, which I'm sure I'll try soon. I'll definitely be back to Red Corner. It's been a long time since I've found a Chinese place that I dig, and it's really close to my home. Stop by the Red Corner, which is apparently the Asian name for 7200 South and State (in the same strip mall as Shane Company)
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,11/9/2011,24,80,,6,2>Ok Stella Grill is fanastic.  I am shocked and ashamed that it too me so long to find it.  It embodies what I think of as food centric dining.  The place is nice but casual, the wait staff seems happy to be working there  and the food is phenomenal.  Every time I go I have to try something new because they have so many unexpected and delicious sounding options.  I was even pleased with the one item I ordered and did not like.  It was a Cajun cornbread pudding that did not work for me.  Even though I did not like it, It was well thought out and executed  and I am sure other people loved it.  So I applaud Stella for putting out-of-the-ordinary items on their menu and I will be back to try any other dishes the chef at Stella can concoct!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,11/8/2011,45,58,,3,2>This was an awesome lunch pick  Thanks to Christopher W. who suggested it for me.  The lunch menu is pretty reasonable and just unique enough to offer multiple quandaries trying to decide what to have first.We shared the Pomme Frites plate with 50/50 sweet potato and regular fries.  They were thick cut, fresh and sprinkled with sea salt and herbs.  The spicy ketchup had a nice heat that warms you up from the inside out.I had the lunch combo which is a major bargain.  For $7 I got half a sandwich (I chose Turkey Avocado which was fresh and delicious with a soft pumpernickel hoagie roll, bacon, and cheese) a cup of soup (choices are butternut squash, french onion, or soup du jour) and a side salad.  Great price, great food, 'nuff said.My dining companion ordered the mac and cheese which was $10, kind of pricey for mac and cheese...but wait a minute...it's topped with lump crab meat and has bay shrimp mixed in.  It was super creamy and good and way worth the $10.Overall it was a nice lunch, with friendly service, good food and a nice atmosphere.  There are still lots of menu choices that we want to try out, so I'm sure we'll be back.PS The diet coke was really good with a big slice of lime served with it.  Yum-o!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,11/7/2011,349,631,,4,3>Each time I decided to pay a little visit to good-o-Takashi, there is always an uncontrollable desire to order the most expensive thing on their menu, usually is because they are items that are rarely found in sushi restaurants outside of the downtown area.  There is no denial that this place offers the best, and you simply cannot find better sushi anywhere else in state.Whenever I am here, I like to take my time to come up with a long list of nigiri orders, since I am not a big fan of rolls unless they used exotic ingredients such as a toro tuna special roll I had here one time, and our server has been patient with us.  I really like the nigiri here, the fish-to-rice ratio is the best I have seen, the fishes are always fresh, and the chefs have great slicing skill.  Toro Tuna is a must have despite whatever the season price might be.  Torched nigiris are great choice too.  All other nigiris are decent as well, as I never had bad nigiris here.The off-menu items are good once awhile, but it all depends on the ingredients they use, and I generally avoid the ones that are too Americanized.  Other than that, Takashi definitely deserves a "Woohoo! As good as it gets" from me.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,11/6/2011,66,33,5,9,7>The reason I give Meditrina 5 stars is simply because I can't give it 7. Yes, I'm serious. After many visits (but never enough), I'm always astounded as how incredible they can make every ingredient. The food is fresh, simple, and incredibly flavored. From the daily bruschetta, to a burger, everything has been outstanding. The curry lime prawns have always been a favorite, it's hard to pass on the charcuterie plate, panko and bacon crusted pork tenderloin is heavenly, and the patatas bravas are the best I've had. The most recent visit there, I had the watermelon and feta gazpacho among one of 8 dishes I shared. Now I never thought I'd be excited by gazpacho, but this one made me exclaim to the server, "this is the best f*ck!ng gazpacho I've ever had." This is an example of how perfectly everything is prepared.Overeating is a challenge here, as I rarely have dessert elsewhere, but I always have to try the pana cotta of the day and the drunken Oreos. Which is funny, considering I hate Oreos. But Meditrina soaks them in red wine, tops them with local vanilla bean ice-cream and port reduction. It's magic.If for some reason things didn't go the way you expected, it's an anomaly. Meditrina is incredible.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,11/5/2011,59,170,6,4,5>I'm a pastry snob and the thought of a baker who'll compromise a dessert simply to appeal to a specialty audience like vegans or the gluten-free strikes me as somebody who should be ejected from the core of the baking faithful and have oven privileges revoked.  Yelpers decreed, however, that I needed to try City Cakes, so I bit the bullet.And I am glad that I did.  I've tried several cookie flavors and the peanut butter bar, all of which were quite nice.  If you want to find nirvana in a fluted paper cup, though, get yourself a sweet potato pecan muffin.Whoa Nellie, is it an adventure.  Real sweet potato flavor, not something that you tend to get in most baked goods, complimented by a nice collection of autumn spices with big pecans all through the cake-like consistency of the muffin.  I have been back twice in an indecent amount of time.  Awesome stuff, and my apologies for the harsh mental judgements on being ideologically impure.  I doubt I'll ever try your vegan or gluten-free offerings, but with chops these serious, whatever fringe societies you dabble in are easily forgiven.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/17/2014,49,223,4,7,5>Their chai is excellent, girlfriend loves the bowl of sol. It's a mocha with cayenne pepper. They're in an unfortunate location that is somewhat difficult to get to, but I love this place. They support local artists and are just a great coffee shop. Come on down!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,3/16/2014,1710,637,4,10,7>My visit last night was phenomenal. I decided to try the pierogies and bratwurst again on a hunch. So glad I did. Delicious, lightly chewy pillows of cheese that go really well with anything on the plate. And who doesn't love bratwurst, sauerkraut, and the side of rot kohl that I ordered for all too obvious reasons?  Both the sauerkraut and rot kohl were delicious, not overly vinegary.  The last time I ordered this dish, I gave it a ho-hum review. Scratch that review. This dish is really good. To finish off the meal I ordered the Apple Strudel that comes with chantilly cream, a small scoop of ice cream and diced strawberries. There is a beautiful scene in Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds that I love, where Col. Landa attacks a piece of strudel with cream on top (he is very particular to make Shosanna wait until the cream arrives, and is served, for both to begin eating the strudel). As much as the sound of his chewing bugged me, it made that strudel seem like the most delicious thing on earth. Well, I think I found that piece of strudel with the cream on top (actually it was served to the side of the strudel) at Bohemian.  So delicious, so not overly sweet, and so needed in this world.Can't help but bump up the review a star. Thank you Bohemian!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/15/2014,15,28,1,6,5>So Happy to have Alchemy in the neighborhood! Since Cafe Marmalade went away there haven't been any coffee shops walking distance from Marmalade/Capitol Hill! Great coffee, Vegan treats, and cute atmosphere! FYI, this is an annex to Em's Restaurant, so it isn't as large as the other location and doesn't have the same selection, but still lovely!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,3/14/2014,45,95,4,6,5>nom nom nom. This place is legit! They have a simple yet flavorful menu of great breakfast and lunch items. I got the Hashbrown Hash and it was tasty! Chunks of ham, bacon, potatoes, onions, peppers, seasonings and an egg over easy. It may seem like a simple hash but it was way tastier than the average diner plate. Plus it wasn't smothered in cheese which was a refreshing change. They make their own jam which unfortunately I didn't have but i'll be back so no worries there. Their coffee is from Salt Lake Roasting and if you check in on YELP you get a free cup! They are also running a yelp deal... pay $5 get $10 of food. The place was packed but they do a good job of turning tables. Be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes though as it's pretty small and maybe has 20 table tops. They also have a menu of breakfast beverages where the main ingredient is PBR. haha. maybe one day i'll be brave and try that. Service was friendly and efficient and the place had great decor. Parking wasn't an issue and it wasn't too loud that you felt trapped in chaos. They DON"T take reservations even though the yelp mobile app will tell you they do. not a big deal though. Every Sunday they have a set dinner for $30 bucks but other than that they are only open for Breakfast and Lunch. Dinner menu looked yummy though! Well done Pig & A Jelly Jar!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/13/2014,70,238,3,15,5>Very happy to have such a great little neighborhood restaurant near my crib. They have only been opened a week and seemed to have things running smoothly.  Food: I ordered lemon chicken and it was perfect portion sized. Not too much to to little. Friends ordered the gnocchi and I was able to try them both. They were both prepared well. The cheese was the best by far.Atmosphere: place is small, maybe 40 seats or less. Open kitchen design so you feel like you are part of the cooking action. Wine: well priced bottles not to break the bank. We ordered a nice bottle of red.  This place would probably be best for adults. Couples on a double date or guests in town. I can see this become popular with skiers and the more active people in Cottonwood hts. I look forward to eating here at least weekly.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,3/12/2014,22,118,4,7,5>It was an unseasonably warm, late October afternoon. A Sunday afternoon, to be exact.We sat out on the patio. We had topped off our gas tank and packed a sack lunch for the drive from Sandy. We were eventually headed to the Ute's Women Soccer game.I had something with carmelized pork. My daughter essentially had the same thing but with a salad theme. My youngest ordered beef broccoli.I put a dollup of red chile sauce on the side of my plate. I had applied liberally and abraideth not with my first bite, not so much with the following bites. It's very hot!UNBELIEVABLE! Honestly. It was that good!!!!!Service was great, presentation was great, quality was great, taste was AMAZING!The beef broccoli was a bit too gingery for my youngest. That's not her fault. There were flies and yellow jackets, also not her fault. They were annoying. My guess is that with Market Street, Einstein's, this place and B & D Burgers side by side, the dumpsters in that back alley must be a huge breeding ground for all types of things! The bugs seemed a little bit excessive for a late-October Sunday afternoon. Don't bugs go to church?This is my sailing buddy's favorite restaurant. Now I know why. Wish they were a little closer than a 30-minute drive on a lazy Sunday afternoon.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/11/2014,103,85,2,7,6>On the hunt for raw milk, I found this gem of a store.  Just a heads up, while it is thankfully legal to sell raw milk in Utah, you do have to sign a waiver acknowledging the "potential risks."  The only risk for me is dousing everything I eat in this heavenly stuff.  I swore off milk ten years ago and had raw milk for the first time from my parents' neighbors' cow in Connecticut (long story).  I surprisingly loved it.If you have any interest in health food, especially the difficult to find, they probably have it here.  It's small- and I wouldn't ever plan to do a lot of shopping here at once.  I like it for high quality dairy- raw milk, cultured butter, full fat organic yogurt, and cream.  They also have organic eggs, and I was told they normally carry local eggs which I prefer but they were having some issues with their supplier. They also have grass-fed beef, free range chicken, and a wide variety of cheese and...KOMBUCHA.  I like that.  A lot. I also found coconut flour and many hard to find baking items.  It's fun to browse because it's impeccably organized and clean with helpful employees.There's a cafe inside as well- and had I not been in a bit of a rush I would have grabbed a bite.  It was adorable and had a great little seating area.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,3/10/2014,146,292,1,10,7>Simply put, Mazza is one of my favorite restaurants in Salt Lake. Different and consistently delicious, accommodating to a variety of diners, staffed by friendly folks, and next to the best bookshop in the state.You can't go wrong with their menu, and the small plate samplers are a wise path to follow. I'll always order loobia, muhamarah, and mazza special rice. And I'll always order their best in the city fries. You want fry sauce? Mazza's got fry sauce.Also, I discovered that they have a fantastic spicy paste/hot sauce if you ask. Lovely patio. Cozy interior. All good.Oooh, and don't forget to order the cardamom spiced tea with the house sweetener.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,3/9/2014,53,78,2,7,7>It's winter and I'm missing my early morning summer walks to this beautifully situated park.  Memory Grove is one of the hidden treasures of the Salt Lake area.  Ensconced within the protective embrace of City Creek Canyon, Memory Grove offers an entryway to a lovely walk through the woods at the canyon's base.  There is a splendid little grassy area at this park, and it's nearly always busy with the local dog show, i.e. people walking and showing off their pooches.  The creek empties into a decent size pond right within the park, and it continues to meander through the middle of the street for a couple of blocks south of the park.  With lots of shade trees all along the way, this is one of the loveliest walks in Salt Lake City.  I highly recommend that, after you have enjoyed the park area, you continue walking north through the base of the canyon at least to the official canyon entrance.  This is good, refreshing exercise in just about the most pleasant possible setting.  You'll forget that you are still within the limits of a big city, but it's just a short walk away from downtown!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,3/8/2014,395,95,8,7,6>I came in for the brisket but alas they had sold out. BTW I ordered the half rack of ribs and I inhaled the whole platter in 60 seconds. I was tempted to go for more but I'm working on my portion control. Oh to heck with it I ordered 1/2 a chicken with baked beans. I'm hungry and it's been only an hour since I ate. Should I go back for more? Crap it's 9:13 and they are closed now. I guess I'll have to go back tomorrow. Woot!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,3/27/2013,51,331,2,4,3>This place makes me happy. The only thing I've ordered has been their pho (rare steak). It has never been anything short of delicious. Some places can be a bit stingy with the noodles, so I asked for extra noodles in mine and our server cheerfully obliged. The broth is rich and complex, and when I add some chili sauce and hoisin, it's perfection. Service is prompt and very friendly. I've never been here and seen more than two or three other parties, so food comes out quickly.This is our go-to place for pho in the south end of the valley.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,3/26/2013,30,142,,4,3>Legit. Delish Japanese food. I love their "light" dinner options. Even though I am completely full when I finish. Oh, and the sushi? Don't even get me started. It's awesome! It's just a few houses from where I live so it's a great spot to walk to for dinner. If you are going with a group, you might want to think about making a reservation. This place gets busy as soon as it's doors open. It's worth the wait. Trust me!
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,3/24/2013,105,420,,5,2>I've been here several times and the food has varied from really good to just OK. With the interesting location, ambiance, and clientele, it's still beats just about all the regular fast food outlets. This is THE place for visiting sheriffs and employees. There's a great room in the back for several people to have quiet private dining.Like the Greek places, this place has a large menu. You know all the ingredients are coming from Sysco or similar. Sometimes they're over cooked. However, they often come together. They don't get the cheapest ingredients. The fish and chips here were pretty good. They were better quality fish that I've received at some of the well know chains.So, the food is 3 star, but the place is solid 4.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/23/2013,19,57,,3,5>Just polished off a bison burger with veggies and some of the best tasting hummus I have ever had. Service was great, atmosphere bright and welcoming and I got to sample their green smoothie which was surprisingly tasty! The only "con" is that this is definitely a $10-$15 lunch spot. Given the all natural, organic ingredients, I believe it is priced fairly. But, if you eat out every day of the work  week, not ideal. The location is somewhat hidden from foot traffic so I hope the word gets out: Grilla Bites is awesome!
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,3/22/2013,19,83,,6,3>Definitely an unforgettable dining experience! That said, prospective diners need to be willing to try just about anything, including things they dont necessarily like. The chef's are not just recreating traditional classics, they are making works of art. Aptly named 'Forage', this restaurant gave me a good taste of culinary creativity and offered dishes and flavors that highlighted the Autumn season and was far from ordinary. The meal was satisfying for me and I would love to return next spring/summer for what the chef will provide then.An honorable mention must be given for the servers. My friend and I were warmly greeted at the door, promptly seated, and well attended to through our 3 hour culinary adventure!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,3/21/2013,69,142,2,3,2>One would never really know of Roula's existence until a friend tips you off on the secret gem that's located on the first floor of an office building (?). The interior reminds me of a college dining hall more than a cafe or a restaurant, but personally i think that's part of the appeal.  I don't go to Roula's for a nice, sit down experience.  i go with coworkers to get some good, quick food during a busy work day.As most of the other yelpers have already noted, the owners are greek, but their menu is extremely diverse. They have some pretty good daily specials, of which my favorites include the meatloaf, lasagna, and the salmon spinach salad on fridays (but go early bc the salmon sells out QUICK... and by quick i mean by noon).  But usually i go for the chicken souvlaki - the chicken is marinaded to perfection and is always deliciously juicy.  i usually opt for fries instead of rice, and the greek salad it comes with is simple but spot on... i just wish they gave more of it!  and of course it comes with pita and tzatziki. The souvlaki is my default and never disappoints.Roula's has a reputation in my office for amazing, HUGE brownies, however I'm not a fan. I think they're too rich and dense... but to each their own!  i'll stick with the food here and opt for dessert elsewhere.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,3/20/2013,100,149,4,8,6>Please consider these four factoids before you make the dullards mistake of labeling anything Sushi related in Utah arbitrarily poor due to its desert locale:1) Sukiyabashi Jiro in Tokyo ages some fish for several days2) We have daily direct flights to Tokyo, and some restaurants here take advantage of that3) If you live on the coast, the water next to your house does not posses every fish known to man4) You might just have poor tasteNaked Fish exudes class. From the hip, urban interior through to the focus on sustainable ingredients.  It stands equal in my book to any other of the top lauded Sushi restaurants in town.During my last visit I took a work colleague here for lunch.  We sat at the bar and asked the chef to prepare a small sampling of their best nigiri.  My friend - an LA native, sushi lover and aficionado of some of the top joints on the West coast came in with a few preconceptions. Suffices to say, he left a convert to the possibilities of Utah sushi.Don't be a rookie.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,3/18/2013,245,216,,5,4>I've been waiting to review Zy to see if I could find a serious flaw in the food. Nope. Not a single one.I've been here a handful of times and I have loved every single thing I've tried. I love how simple their menus are. I don't need 50 things to choose from. I'd rather have 10 items knowing they're all incredible. I'll just mention the big stand out dishes here. For appetizers, the scallops. Oh the scallops! I have a very obvious love affair with scallops but it's one of those dishes that is hard to get just right. Most of the time, they are too well done and chewy. I think that's why I always hated scallops growing up. Turns out, I just never had them done correctly. Zy does it just right with tender scallops served with an almond curry paste and a sweet red wine reduction. Marvelous.Two of my favorite entrees are the pecan pork and short ribs. The pecan pork is sweet and served with mushrooms and sautéed greens. The short ribs were served over grits and greens and the presentation is killer. The waiter brought it out with a glass lid filled with smoke. When he removed the lid, the smoke wafted out and the aromas had me immediately salivating. I also love the brunch. Hello chicken and waffles! Don't forget the lovely breakfast cocktails too.The only thing I haven't absolutely loved and adored at Zy is the dessert. That being said, they aren't awful in any way, shape, or form. Just not my favorite. They're beautifully presented and would make most mouths happy. Sure it's a little on the pricey side for some but it's well worth it. I wouldn't go every weekend by any means but if there's a special occasion (or even a not so special occasion) you bet I'm picking Zy.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/17/2013,496,962,3,5,6>You've won me over, Spedelli's! After numerous visits, I'm pretty much digging this place. The guys are always super friendly and appreciative of my business, and the food is consistently good, and sometimes great.Our last visit happened to be on Taco Tuesday. They had street tacos for $1 (asada) and $1.50 (tilapia) and they were fantastic! The fish was breaded in their homemade beer batter and they were crisp, flaky and delicious.All of this added up to 4.5 stars, but then I found out their breakfast pizza is called the Wake N' Bake! That's an automatic 1-star upgrade.Keep up the great work boys (and girls).
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,3/16/2013,18,113,3,8,3>I'm in honey heaven. So many honeys to choose from, raw and processed. It's the wine store of honey. Prices are reasonable, cheaper than the stuff you find at whole foods and better quality in my opinion.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,1/4/2011,10,86,,6,3>Park City offers lots of fine dining choices. Being old traditionalists, the newer Easy Street has never made our faves list, but it just might be now. We took advantage of a half-price entree offer from the Park Record recently and had a fabulous anniversary dinner.Easy Street is ultra-convenient, right at the base of old Main Street next to Zoom in the Sky Lodge. It offers a wonderful formal dining room upstairs, in front of a wide open kitchen. Downstairs a more casual bar offers a country inn feel.French is not our favorite, but Easy Street is easy on the French side. It was a tough choice for me between the lobster mac and cheese, shrimp diablo or pork chop, but our server was right on recommending the pork. My wife went with the herb encrusted salmon. Our starters included a wonderful wedge salad bleu cheese and a beet salad - both fantastic.The food was perfect. Atmosphere conducive to just lingering all evening. Service OK, with a few really long lulls. While we brought our own wine, I have to say, the Easy Street wine list was a big surprise with over half the selections in each category under $50, with great choice for both the economical and fine wines.We'll be back, for sure. I think I would opt for the more casual feel of the bar next time.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2010,1/3/2011,50,142,2,7,6>Had a fabulous Portobello Mushroom sandwich, that actually was very filling. Sometime these types of sandwiches can be boring, blah and not filling. This was not the case at The Wild Grape. Think sliced mushrooms, caramelized onions, great bread, this tasty delight definitely has me wanting to head back and try something new... or get the mushroom sandwich again.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2010,1/2/2011,51,331,14,11,10>No windows in the entire building. Missing light fixtures. Sauces in the fixins bar that appear to have sat out all day. Sticky tables. 17 health code violations the last time I checked.And I love it.This place has definite character. It's been around for over 20 years. Don't go in expecting white glove service, but the food they make is pretty tasty.If you're ready for an adventure (or just a solid Navajo taco), check out Navajo Hogan.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,1/1/2011,42,262,4,6,3>Dude! No seriously DUDE!!!What happened! this place is so good I want to use profanities because it is all I have left to explain it!I live in Hawaii for 1/3 the year and this grind is straight up top-end Hawaiian gourmet.Order anything/everything on the menu. You will be fine. Teri steak is my fav. and don't be shy about the mac salad. Hawaiians do it different. Try it once. Owners are the nicest people over 6' I have ever met. Also, they do a killer shave ice. Eat it all!!!! Mahalo guys for all that food made with that aloha-heart!
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,12/31/2010,17,15,,3,3>Diva's offers everything you could possibly want from a local coffee shop. In addition to offering signature cupcakes and a wide range of coffee and latte beverages, Diva's also has a lunch menu that includes a variety of sandwiches, salads, and soups. Diva's also offers Sunday brunch, featuring delightful fruits, pastries, salads and coffees.Yet what really makes a coffee shop a coffee shop is the environment, and Diva's does not disappoint when it comes to offering an enjoyable place to visit with friends, read a book, and simply relax. Diva's unique green house room provides guests with an peaceful environment that includes beautiful plants all around, along with the calming sound of waterfalls. It's truly a relaxing environment.Diva's also has an impressive deck with cool outdoor lighting, and a bookcase filled with interesting literature for guests to enjoy free of charge.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2009,12/30/2010,46,98,,8,2>Guitar Czar is one of the few independent music shops left in SLC, all the others being run out by Guitar Center.  I like bringing the locals my business, so I hit them up whenever I can.  The guys there are super friendly and are happy to help you out with whatever you are looking at, whether it be strings or a new guitar.  They have a fairly good selection of amps and effects, though the selection of guitars seems a little limited.  On the plus side, I think they are only one of two dealers who carry Orange Amps in Utah.  Hearing these amps alone is worth visiting Guitar Czar. The repair guy really knows his stuff and has set up many of my guitars, though his waiting list can get quite long at times.  They need another person working on that stuff!  Unfortunately, being a small shop they do tend to be more expensive than Guitar Center.  I go to Guitar Czar whenever I need something small like picks, strings or maybe some cables and pedals.  But for big purchases like a new guitar or amp, I have to go somewhere a bit more competitively priced.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,12/29/2010,496,962,4,11,7>I was a bit nervous trying this place, since the Yelpers are all over the map on it.I, for one, LOVED IT! Wow! I don't think I've ever tried Filipino food before, so I thought I'd better peruse that section of the menu. I'm sure glad I did. I read the description for "Kaldereta" and it sounded like it was right up my alley. Braised beef, potatoes, bell peppers, mixed vegetables and pineapple in a thick sauce? Sounds good to me! Sign me up! The guy taking our order asked if I'd ever tried and I said no, so he described it for me (sort of a Filipino beef stew). It was out of this world. Five stars for sure! It came with a skinny eggroll that also super yummy.The house special Lo Mein (ordered extra spicy) was sooo good! Shrimp, chicken, perfect noodles and a sauce that made me get the sniffles. The cashew chicken was very good, but not quite five stars.The decor was nice and the place was clean and well kept. We will dine IN next time. If the service is as good as the food, then Five Star will get bumped up to 5* on my next review.We took our bag of takeout to my Japanese mother-in-law for the ultimate test. She is NEVER impressed with Chinese food from restaurants. She said this was as good as she's had anywhere and that she loved it! High praise from Mom. High praise, indeed.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,12/27/2010,90,122,2,6,3>I do know how to ride a bike.  I even own a bike.  It's a hybrid bike.  I have probably ridden this bike of mine, oh, 8 or 9 times in the 3 years that I've owned it. But hey, I've just moved to Park City, and things are definitely looking up in the bike riding department with regards to motive and opportunity! So, I've stopped by White Pine Touring twice now for two different purposes. Once to see if they had a trailer bike (come-along) for the boy - they didn't, but could order one, and when I mentioned that I really wanted to get one second hand, the guy at the counter pulled up listings on line and suggested where I could look.  The second time I went by for the trail map of all the area hiking and biking trails.  While I was there the guy who helped me suggested I show up for the Tuesday night women's only mountain bike ride. Now, this sounds like a great idea, but I'm nega-experienced and the thought of showing up for some ride and killing or seriously maiming myself doesn't sound like that much fun. I'm honest about my level and ability with the White Pine guy, so he suggests the Mountain Bike 101 class.  It's $60 for two people and they'll set it up for you whenever suits your schedule.  SOLD!  My beloved and I are going to get there this weekend, so I'm sure I'll be rockin' and rollin' around these mountain bike paths in no time!  Bottom line:  very friendly and helpful people who are not going to make you feel like a maroon!  Super people, great place.  Oh yeah, and lots of nice bikes and biking equipment in the shop, but I'll have to learn more about all that as I get more experience.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,12/26/2010,210,1036,,5,5>Fresh and well prepared Mediterranean food served in a pleasant atmosphere with good staff. On my first visit to Layla I was pleasantly surprised by the very nice building and the quality of the food. Although Layla appears to be inside of an old bank or something of the like they've done an excellent job remodeling the place. It has a contemporary, approaching modern look that is simple and pleasing. The food was simply prepared and nicely presented. I would have liked for the chicken kabob I ordered to have been more seasoned, but the chicken was still excellently prepared and very tender. I would definitely consider going here again.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,12/25/2010,17,13,2,4,3>Yesterday was the second time I have visited this establishment and I'm sold on it.  The first time was after some late night fun and in the weariness of the early/late night eating I do not believe it counts.But, it obviously counted enough because I went back last night with a friend from out of town, and a better choice could not have been made.The Bayleaf has a downtown charm similar to Lamb's but with a chic New York style of decor.  From the minute you walk in you are greeted by the modern decor that at the same time makes you think "downtown" in that classy sort of way. Perfect for lunches or lunch meetings, late night after bar relaxing (open 24 hours on the weekend), and dinner of an intimate nature (good for conversation).In keeping with the comfort of the "comfortable" food my selection was the Meatloaf platter. Divine.  Moist, not dry and best of all topped with bacon...yes bacon! (For you bacon lovers out there)  OMG such good food! My choice of food came with two sides, Collared Greens, (only the second time I have had them) which was an excellent choice (I am no expert, but eating these made me want more), and cheese grits (I like grits, but with cheese? Wow! I never knew!).Their beer and wine selection is excellent, and my choice was a Stella Artois (premium Belgium lager) which paired nicely with my meatloaf.  I must add that I respect any place that puts Pabst Blue Ribbon together with a list of premium beers like Stella (to much disrespect for the Pabst sometimes, so I applaud the owners).Finally, the big finishing touch for me was when one of the owner's Seth, came out and personally greeted the customers to make sure all was well, talk for a bit and generally let it be known that he is there and he is in the trenches working alongside his men/women insuring the success of his business.  More business owners should be like that, and I'm always impressed by this type of customer attention.Finally, when it came time to leave we were bade goodbye by the other owner Haylen, again a nice finishing touch.If you're ever wandering on Main St during breakfast, lunch or dinner or simply need a place to grab food after the club, The Bayleaf should be on your list of places for "comfort" food.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/11/2013,25,144,6,6,7>This is, by far, the greatest burger in Utah. I know, if you read any other burger review by me, you'll see that I love Smashburger. You'll see that I love JCWs. That was misplaced love, before I found Lucky 13. Meat so tender, it melts in your mouth (you think you know what that means, but you don't until you try Lucky 13). Buns so fluffy, you feel like you're biting into a pillow. The rosemary garlic fries . . . good god the rosemary garlic fries . . . thick, cooked to perfection with a subtle crunch. Great portion so I eat all of it and feel like I should walk slowly out, but not waddle. If you do nothing else with your life, complete the accomplishment of eating at Lucky 13.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,10/10/2013,368,106,2,3,3>Tony the Tiger would love this place because it's grrrrreat!Had  chicken pad thai and massaman curry, both were excellent.  We arrived at about 8:30 on a Saturday night and were seated immediately.  Service was good, meals were prepared quickly.  The mango sticky rice was tasty too.There are more and more dining options in Lehi but this place remains a favorite.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,10/9/2013,52,346,3,4,4>I cannot say enough about how much I love this place. I honest can't believe this is my first review here? Every time I eat here I can't wait to come back. I love the sun rise burritos. Two huge chile verde burritos topped with fried eggs. Feeling adventurous? Try any of the incredible moles. You can't go wrong with any of them. And make sure you find out what is special daily. They always have very unique choices. And if you like heat and booze? Make sure you try out the signature jalapeño margarita. I will be back sooner next time.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,10/8/2013,105,86,,3,3>Having relocated from Las Vegas I desperately miss Rosati's Pizza but I digress, everybody has a favorite pizza joint and since I can't drive six hours to Las Vegas to get a pizza mine is the Pie Pizzeria.This is a fun place, the building has flavor and the individuals who work there fit into the theme of the place.This is not the best pizza that I have ever had, it's not even the second best pizza that I have ever had but it's still pretty damn good pizza ................. what can I say, I have had some really good pizza over the years.If you enjoy pizza then the Pie won't let you down, but having said that, some of the other menu items are pretty good as well.I am a fan of the Garlic Cheese Bread, really good when it is hot, just out of the oven. The Buffalo Wings are OK, and the Deluxe Chef Salad is as good a salad as anyplace in town makes.ESPN is usually on the TV and the people watching can be very entertaining.Well don to the Pie Pizzeria, keep doing what your doing, it's working.Until next time fellow Yelper's ...................................... Be Local, Live Local, and BUY Local at places like the Pie Pizzeria.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/7/2013,53,78,1,8,4>Of all the fine restaurants in downtown Salt Lake City, Bambara may be the finest.  Situated on the ground floor of the Hotel Monaco, Bambara is the home of executive chef Nathan Powers, possibly the most talented culinary mind in the state.During our recent visit to Bambara, we enjoyed several menu items, including the bleu cheese house cut potato chips and the cast iron roasted clams for appetizers, and the gnocchi with vegetable ragout and cast iron seared chicken and shrimp for entrees.  Let me tell you something, these dishes, and all of the others on the menu, are absolute knockouts.  The bleu cheese potato chips alone are worth a visit.  The chips are crisp and the bleu cheese is the real deal.  They don't skimp on the cheese, so be careful with this one.  Come hungry!  As for the clams, they are topped with a delicious mix of chopped roasted peppers, fennel and garlic, and a touch of pesto, all served in a delightful broth.  Toasted bread is served on the side to sop up the broth.The entrees we ordered were awesome.  The gnocchi is creamy, and the vegetable ragout provides a lovely complement.  The red pepper sauce is really interesting, it's light and does not dominate the dish, as is often the case with gnocchi offerings.  The chicken and shrimp are really well seasoned, perfectly cooked and served on a bed of garlicky chard and polenta.  The dish is topped with delicately sliced onion rings that are lightly breaded in blue corn flour.  Everything is done so well, it makes me want to sob.The service is always very attentive and prompt at Bambara, and the atmosphere is mellow and comfortable.  I really have no complaints about this place.  They took care of my wife and I last year when it was our 19th anniversary celebration, and I think we will go back there for our 20th.This place is top notch, a go-to restaurant for just about any occasion.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,10/6/2013,53,108,5,6,3>Wife and I had been looking for a gyro place.  Decided to let Yelp help me out and boy did they.  Couscous Grill satisfied our craving, but created a bigger problem.  My pregnant wife is now craving it a day after eating there.  You can order your food at the counter or you can sit and order.  We did the counter order by ordering a shwarma plate and shwarma wrap with an appetizer or garbanzo chips, hummus and salsa. Everything was fantastic. We will absolutely be back because you DO NOT want to anger a hungry pregnant woman.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,10/5/2013,245,216,,5,5>Sigh. I want to eat here every day. This is coming from someone who liked barbeque but really only wanted to eat it every few months, if even. But then I got a taste of R&R and I crave it more than words can say. Alright, so I can't actually eat it every single day because I'd have perpetual meat sweats but I really do want to eat it on a weekly basis. My favorites are the ribs and brisket. Hands down. The ribs aren't melt in your mouth, fall off the bone but real ribs shouldn't do that right? Both meats pack a lot of flavor. They are always tender and juicy though I've been in once or twice when the owners mentioned that it looked dry. I couldn't tell... You know they know their meats when they can tell it's dry from across the room. If you aren't into that kind of meat, can I steer you towards the wings? Smoked and then fried, they don't need sauce though they offer it. I get them naked because there's enough flavor that they don't need it.Okay sides. These sides are not an afterthought by any means. I've tried most of them and none of them disappointed. I'm a huge fan of the red beans and rice, fried okra (fresh and battered in house so it's not overly greasy or gooey like a lot of okra is), mac and cheese, and hushpuppies. It sounds like I need to try the onion rings next.They offer three sauces now: Original, sweet, and a newer one that's got a little more kick. I THINK there are plans for more sauces down the road.The staff is so nice. The first time I went, I got a two meat plate. After I sat down with my food, a guy came running out with more ribs and said, "That's more like it." I won't say no to more ribs!Sure, it's a little bit on the pricey side. That's part of the reason I don't eat there more than I already do. But it's just so damn good and it's hard to stay away...
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,10/4/2013,48,148,3,2,1>I was kinda worried when I drove up and there wasn't a car in sight. But, I did show up at an odd time. It wasn't breakfast, brunch, or lunch time, more of a "I'm hungry in the middle of the day because I skipped breakfast" kinda meal. So I decided to ignore the vacant parking lot and brave the empty diner alone.The restaurant was very clean, the staff was very welcoming and friendly, and the food was very good! I ended up having the SOS hash browns (which the server explained was a hamburger gravy served over hash, but you could order it on the side too). I usually order a side of gravy to pour over my hash browns anyways, so I was quite pleased with this. I also ordered a side of their pancakes, which ended up being pretty darn tasty.Probably the most pleasant surprise about the whole thing was the coffee. Actual drinkable coffee at a diner in Utah? Inconceivable.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/3/2013,61,505,2,3,2>First speakeasy type place I have been to in SLC - well done.  Look through the tagged-up glass into what looks like a basic convenience store, give your reservation information, receive your key and walk down into a dimly-lit interestingly decorated restaurant.  Really appreciate the booth setup, rather than sitting elbow-to-elbow with other patrons.  Here's the laundry list of items we shared with some tips at the end - pickled onion rings, cheddar bacon fries, jalapeno cornbread, Kraft dinner (pasta, seared tuna, peas, cream sauce), smoked trout (with shaved cauliflower, capers, and raisins), lamb shepherds pie, blueberry beignets.  Onion ring batter was some of the best I have had.  The meat pie's kale chips are a really nice touch.  The trout had too many raisins, but then again, I don't like raisins.Drinks were too sweet for my taste, but go for the folklore if you are into old-fashioneds.Party room in the back for larger parties (I think).Love the atmosphere, service, and the food.Not sure if the short menu changes seasonally, but really hope it does, as we will be coming here often.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,10/2/2013,146,292,6,6,2>It's the Cafe Rio of Neapolitan pizza! Wait, that didn't come out right. I meant it as a compliment. Pizza Limone is simple, fast, and absolutely tasty. The cost to food ratio is very solid. You can, and will, do so much worse eating at other spots in the region. Try out Limone, because when life gives you lemons you should either hurl them at motivational cliche users or slice them thinly for an interesting pizza topping.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,11/6/2014,36,74,1,5,5>I'm going to recommend this place over some of the others nearby. The portions surprised me, especially for the price! The food was fantastic: The early bird special which consists of hashbrowns, biscuits, and gravy. I ordered an over easy egg, a la carte. The hashbrowns have a citrus, peppery kick which I really think paired so well with the rest of the meal. What I enjoyed most was the home style feel and taste of the food. I'm not very high brow when it comes to American food, much less breakfast, but to say this place hit the spot would be an understatement.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,11/5/2014,605,129,7,10,7>This is a Utah 4 star for me.  They advertise it as shaved ice, but it's comparable to shaved snow, so I'd say that's an added unique factor to this dessert shack in Utah.  I'd definitely come back due to its uniqueness, great price, and good service; although, the distance may reduce my frequency.  I apologize in advance for my lack of photos for this place (that will change)--I was so excited to have shaved snow again that I delved in and didn't even remember photos until my drive home. :/I ordered half original sweet milk and half taro ice with lychee popping boba (1 free topping) and condensed milk (free).  Lychee popping boba is lychee popping boba, which is yummy.  Taste-wise, snow was bland.  The taro seemed diluted and the sweet milk had distracting texture from the mix of condensed milk that melted everything.  The snow was a bit more like an ice hybrid because of the lack of fine creamy texture, instead it felt more like little crisps of ice here and there.  Because they do advertise the dessert as shaved ice, I won't hold it against them.  The condense milk that gets added immediately flattens the snow/ice and begins melting it.The owner admits that the icy texture is due to the freezing process which I can feel for him.  It takes them 48 hours to properly freeze the ingredients.  To drop that time to 8 hours, they would need to purchase machines worth thousands of dollars.  It's difficult to invest so much money into a shack, especially when they are only selling $4 per bowl of shaved ice/snow.  With its unique aspect in Utah and lack of competition, I can see it going very far if more people knew about this shindig.  It's such a huge thing in Cali, so I'm happy to see it here now too!It's a dinky one-window shack with a really friendly one-person unit going on.  The cashier also makes the shaved snow and serves it.  Because of the large group we had, he took our order and made our snow prior to us paying (I'm not sure if that's normal).  I do have a health concern about handling money and then making snow...whether there's effective hand-washing in between--I'm sure there is, but just had to get that thought out.  The other thing is, I'd imagine it to take a while if this place really got popular and had to order and make for a long line of individuals, especially since ordering and delivery are through the same window.Tip 1: You can ask for half half snow, in case you wanted to try two flavors.  Then again, you might as well order two snows (when else will you come back?!)! :PTip 2: For $4, you get a bowl of ice, one free topping, and one free syrup (condense milk is already free, so you can add an extra syrup on top of that).Tip 3: They are closed for winter starting October 31, 2014 and reopening is TBD!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,11/4/2014,59,170,5,6,7>The strip mall where Fresh Market is on Highland was starting to look like the dental work of a Saturday morning cartoon prospector there for a bit, the final missing tooth being the closure of Blockbuster. I've mourned the loss of Nick n Willy's for a bit and waited patiently for the Wiseguys Pizza to open. It never came, but in its place is this little jewel of a specialty store.They sell cider. Fresh, cold-pressed apple cider. Back long ago when Brother Brigham was actually running the place, I lived in Provo and stumbled on an apple farm that, if you knew the right combination of baseball signals and passwords, would sell you unfiltered, unpasteurized apple juice. If you have never had this, you have never had apple juice. Ever since my first taste, I was not only hooked, but every time I thought about cooking something that contained apple, my mind went to the deep, autumnal flavors of the stuff.And now I have a local hookup. Decent prices and, oh, did I mention they also make individual serving pies? I had an apple ginger one. I wish I could describe the flavors for you but I had my first bite and dropped into a fugue, awaking to find naught but crumbs and a smile on my face. My pet peeve with pies are when I get mostly bites of crust and very little filling. This problem was not in evidence here.Pie. Cider. Go.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/3/2014,58,84,2,4,4>When you need some specialty Italian ingredients, this is the place to find them!  Come here for specialty olive oils, vinegars, meats, cheeses, pasta, seasonings, chocolate and so much more.  I needed my Creminelli salami fix, picked up some Durango smoked sea salt, a fine extra virgin cold pressed olive oil, a fancy chocolate bar, some ricotta salata cheese and some Italian anchovies.  Where else can you find this stuff?  Not at Smiths.  The prices are higher end, although I was really pleased with the great price on the salt.  Really you can't find these items very easily in Utah.  The staff is well trained and extremely knowledgeable.  They love to give samples so you can try some before buying.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,11/2/2014,97,42,3,4,3>I have a new favorite restaurant in slc!I came here with a group of around 20 for a friend's birthday. It was probably the size of the group but it took us 2.5 hours to get our food. Everyone was just hangry. Not good. And there wasn't any ventilation upstairs so we were uncomfortably warm and grumpy. Then our food finally came.You know that feeling where nothing else matters or bothers you anymore when you eat something incredible? That was the feeling I got. My pork tenderloin was sooooooooooo good. Perfectly cooked, definitely not dry and tons of flavor. The fried polenta was crispy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. Everything else I tried was also really good, there wasn't anything that tasted bland or salty or strange. My friends had the Steve's special, bolognese pasta, bone marrow risotto, beet salad, calamari, and some pizzas. I think the pork tenderloin was the best. I Will Definitely Be Coming Back. Next time, smaller group. Cute place for date night! -1 star for the slowwww service and extremely weak drinks
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,11/1/2014,100,87,2,6,4>Salt Lake is truly lucky to have such a Farmers Market take place at a large venue downtown. It is located at Pioneer park. Each stand is lined up in rows and separated far enough apart for plenty of walking room even for as busy as it gets. It is also organized into sections - local farming companies, home/personal items, and the readily available food vendors. This makes it flow smoothly and you are able to visit every stand to check out what is available. Produce is dependent upon the seasons, so make sure to follow them on some sort of social media (whatever you are into) to stay in the loop of what is going to be available that Saturday Morning - for the summer works out perfectly since you beat the heat. This also opens up in the falls on Tuesday nights (unsure on the actual time). The home/personal items range from homemade soaps to furnishings and decorations. They even sell handmade wool mittens! You will be mine one day, mittens, oh yes, you will be mine. The local food items are so random you are sure to find something you would like - burritos from Rico's, mexican cuisine from Frida's, pancakes, a juice bar (powered by the bicycle rider!), coffee shops - Jack Mormon coffee is one I like to venture towards, and snow cones for the children. Parking really isn't too bad if you have some patience. They have free bike valet though, which is always a plus! The best part - you are always going to find something, no matter what. And the prices are normally very reasonable, especially compared to other local markets around the valley. There are stands where most produce is $1 or 2/$1 (examples). Fresh pastas for less than $5, goat cheese for the same - Raw honey from a local beehive all around the wasatch for way cheaper than any grocery store. My house is filled with original pieces from the market, it makes it unique and really was inexpensive when considering how much it would cost at a franchise. Needless to say, take advantage of the Salt Lake Downtown Farmers Market - it is even nice to get out and walk around to see the items, even if you don't want to spend any money.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,10/31/2014,368,106,4,3,3>Apparently it takes a Utah State Aggie to represent this Happy Valley Mecca. In the very near future I predict that the name of this venue will be changed to, "The House That Jimmer Built" but we'll reserve that discussion for another day.First understand that the Marriott Center is in the epicenter of Cougar Town in Provo, UT.  Tucked in between regular society and Heaven on Earth.  If you reside in or around the Marriott Center it's no secret that you're refreshments will be of the "holy" variety.  Absolutely no alcoholic beverages and the Coca Cola is decaf. However the Nachos, Hot Dogs, Red Vines, hot chocolate and kettle corn are all readily available and encouraged.  I love the fact that the University adheres to these standards, just letting visitors know ahead of time so that they're not expecting a caffeinated beverage at the event.The Marriott Center's primary function is to host Basketball games. While it hosts firesides, tons of local high school graduations and various other events it's in full glory when the Cougars take the floor against USU.  Built in 1971 and seating approx 21,000 people It's the 3rd largest on campus venue in the US, the Carrier Dome in Syracuse and Tennessee's Boling Arena being larger.  Almost every seat in the building offers a pretty good view of the action but if you're near the top, you'll feel the atmosphere but you'll need binoculars to see much.Only 4 stars because I had to walk a lot further than I'd like to after parking and while it's maintained very well it seems really dated to me
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,10/30/2014,121,176,1,4,4>If you want to dress up and have a classy night out, this is the place to go. They have many seating options for groups of many sizes, from solo at the bar to tons of two-person tables to booths for bigger groups. I was able to get a glass of Riesling for $6, but they have many nicer and pricier options available (I think their cocktail prices are about average though). I look forward to trying out some of their appetizers next time i stop by. Service was surprisingly good considering it was a busy saturday night around 11pm. I'll be back for sure.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,10/29/2014,42,127,6,7,2>Solid place. It feels like a sandwich version of Spitz (i.e. fast casual restaurant that serves beer). If they could line up a good pork belly sandwich I'd be in heaven.Then of course there's the sandwich donation. It doesn't really influence my restaurant choice, but good for them. Would be great to see other businesses follow a similar model.Now for the part where I sound like a cynical asshole :) I'm curious about the details of their sandwich donation. This is from their site: "For every sandwich we sell, we'll donate a sandwich to a local non-profit. Even Stevens donates fresh ingredients for a sandwich. A non-profit receives the ingredients and distributes a sandwich to a person in need." If I get a capreezy sandwich, is there some dude in Pioneer Park enjoying the same capreezy sandwich the next day? Or is he having a piece of bologna between two slices of white bread?It doesn't really matter - a free lunch is a free lunch - just curious.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/28/2014,22,118,2,7,6>I don't get to this side of town much anymore. My favorite outboard boat motor repairman used to be just down the street but his life was recently ended by an unfortunate heath condition.I used to tour Japanese on a "Grand Circle" route which took us through Monument Valley and lunch at Goulding's Lodge on the second of a five-day loop. The only thing Goulding's has over this place is the ambiance of a nice dining area. Otherwise the Navajo tacos here are every bit as good and authentic, if not more so, than those served on the Reservation.It's simple and inexpensive. Parking is limited. The ingredients are fresh and quality.I say, "Go!"
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,11/11/2010,186,563,1,7,5>We went to Stoneground for S.I.N. Sunday's all-you-can eat pizza night. I didn't think to ask what S.I.N. stands for, but now I am curious. Perhaps I'll read through the other reviews and see if anyone else knows!The salad course was amazing. I think I actually ate the whole bowl by myself because the dressing really hit the spot. It was a house balsamic vinaigrette. I loved the spring greens!The pizzas were all very unique and my favorite was a gorgonzola topped pie. The best part about the buffet was that the servers bring them around to your table a la Rodizio and offer you the different types.The bad? There is a good 15-20 minute lag between pizzas. If you are ok with eating a slice and waiting eons for another then this is your place. We don't mind, we love relaxing conversation over dinner and i was busing wolfing down that house salad anyway:)
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,11/10/2010,24,65,1,6,3>This is the best steak and cheese sandwich I have had in Utah of the places I have tried so far! And it's going to be very hard to beat! I know that the "Philly cheesesteak" sub is called that for an affiliation with Philly etc etc but I never had one in Philly so I can't compare but I will say that the cheesesteak sub is a popular sandwich on the east coast and you can get a great one anywhere in the Boston area which is where I moved from. Moochies steak and cheese sandwiches are served in bread that is baked crisp which is nice. The thing is just HUGE!!! It took me awhile to eat it - even a 6 inch one - and I wasn't hungry for the rest of the day!!! The service there is great, can't wait to go back!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,11/9/2010,63,47,,8,5>Cafe on 1st, is a rather simple coffee shop in the Avenues of Salt Lake serving up some of the best coffee in the city. They are currently brewing Lavazza. They also have some stellar baristas who know a lot about brewing coffee.I had a Chai Latte with a shot of espresso and it was perfect.  This is the type of place you could just get a simple latte or cup of coffee and enjoy the actual coffee instead of adding lots of sugar.  They are serving French Press and Melitta's as well.  Also serving...FREE WiFi!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,11/8/2010,221,489,9,9,7>So my boyfriend got thwarted by traffic this past Saturday, so we were running a bit late to the Cake concert. This left us scrambling to find some dinner. Thankfully, the Chow Truck decided to park itself upon Library Square that night. "Score!" I said, a little more loudly than was reasonable. "I've been wanting to try this!"Try we did. I got a beef taco and a calamari taco and Alan ordered a pork taco and a chicken taco, because we're equal opportunity like that. We ended up waiting for awhile to receive the tacos (because the truck was jammed as there were no other decent food options on the premises), but they were worth it. I devoured my two tacos using a recycle bin as a table as Cake played their first song. The beef was tasty (though the flavor was a bit hidden with the other toppings), but the calamari was the star for me. The attractive man with me enjoyed the pork, but was especially enthusiastic about the chicken. One minor quibble...though many bottled drinks were available, none were water. Now, I know they have water attached to the truck for tea and such, but it's hot. I want my H2O, and I want it cold! Overall, I am totally down with the idea of Asian tacos, and the execution is splendid. Yay Chow Truck!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,11/7/2010,158,120,3,8,6>This is an amazing bakery!  I was able to get a cake that I didn't have to worry about cross contamination with peanuts that was moist and amazing!  Although this bakery specializes in wedding cakes (also amazing from all the pictures I have seen) they did a fabulous job on my daughters princess fairy cake!  On the crazy day of her birthday party I was able to pick up her cake and balloon bouquet in one stop (great balloon selection as well) the employees were friendly and helpful and I will definitely be getting all our cakes for all occasions here!  Cute golf cake designs, Ute football............I am so stoked to have found this place!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,11/6/2010,67,197,4,10,6>I have been wanting to review Cafe on Main ever since I got onto yelp. Here it goes.I am guessing this is only place in Salt Lake City that offers Balkan cuisine. Its a nice, quiet place, run by a friendly couple. Whenever I have been here, I have seen a fair share of natives. A good sign of the food, I suppose.My favorite dish is the chicken gulas. Its a spicy chicken stew that is served with rice (see photo). Very tasty, feels and tastes very much like a homemade dish. I have also tried their chicken kebabs which comes with rice or fries. I feel they fry the kebabs in order to serve it quicker. The chicken tends to be tough. I like the stew better.If you are fond of beef/veal, then your options open up considerably. Not so for me.They also have daily specials listed in their menu. Like chicken gulas is a Wednesday (if I remember correctly) special. But they are usually flexible with this list and can accomodate your request for another day's special.Desserts - tried the baklava. One baklava would be enough to clog the arteries of two people. I won't be ordering it again. But there are other options available, maybe some other time.The food is really cheap. One entree will only set you back by $6, and I am talking about dinner prices here. How cool is that!Oh yes, you get to watch European football on TV. Yes, the real football. One star for that!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,11/5/2010,36,75,13,14,8>Does it make me a corporate tool if I say "This is my Harmon's"?  Perhaps, but I like this store, and I do all the grocery shopping in my house!Harmon's is a great local supermarket chain that is managed better than any other supermarket chain ever.  Proof?  All the employees are so happy to see you and help you.  Sometimes it can be a little creepy, but I just nod and smile and hope that Harmon's hasn't neutered them or something.  The prices at Harmon's are good, not great.  Their angle is not deep-discount.  I guess you go to Ream's or the ghetto stores for that.  They do have case-lot sales, but that's not my style.  When the apocalypse comes I'm gonna run out into the middle of it, not hide in a bunker.  Anyway...Pluses:*Pretty damn good produce section.  They've got lots of salad mixes on hand.  They also love to offer avocados 10 for $10--perfect when I'm making guacamole for 35 people.*The best healthy organic section outside of Whole Foods.  *Separate deli meat island-style counter.  They also stock all the Boar's Head meats & cheeses (even the new natural ones).  *Friendly meat counter guys.  I don't buy a ton o' meat here, but I like talking to a face when I'm looking for a particular cut.*Chip/snack aisle FTW!  This is my Super Bowl and Jazz game headquarters.  Minuses:*This level of market needs a dedicated organic dairy case.  I still have to hunt for those items.* No White Castle burgers in the frozen section.  If I want to kill myself culinarily that's my business.*No porn in the magazine section.  (Just checking to see if you're still reading)
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,11/4/2010,100,149,,7,4>CPN couldn't be any more diametrically opposed to Tipica, its predecessor.  Nose to tail is out, solid, rustic, and value for money are in.CPN could best be described as the natural extension of the daytime deli operations.  The menu still features the famous sandwiches, but also adds in plenty of hearty entree options.Our meals there have been solid, not to mention great value for money too (entrees come with bread/oil and a salad/soup too).  You will note the appetizer section is fairly small, which makes sense when you tackle your entree!  The front of the restaurant also opens up to the elements, which can make for a really pleasant dining experience on a warmer evening.  All in all a perfect fit for Caputo's.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,11/3/2010,270,98,4,10,6>Sticky rice gelato. That is all. No really, that's pretty much all you need to know. The location at 9th and 9th is, of course, superb. The inside decor is fun, clean, and interesting. They have maps under the glass on the tables, a comfortable couch, and tons of light. But, honestly, what I really care 'bout is food. The day I went they had sticky rice gelato as the special. You could have it served with diced mangoes and coconut milk for a sundae like creation. We wanted to experience the gelato in plain form so we opted out of the add ons. Let me tell you, best flavor ever. Like sticky rice pudding (which I'm not even huge into) but better. The texture was oh so amazing. And with every little bit of rice, my heart flipped a little. I told them they need to stick with this flavor. Because if they do? They could make a lot of money off of this girl's impulse purchases.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,11/2/2010,48,57,19,11,11>Each time I dine at Takashi I must suppress a powerful inclination to paint the air blue with profanities relating to procreation, bodily functions, and blasphemy. Below I have furnished some examples that have been subtly sanitized for sensitive readers:"This nigiri is funking amazing!""Holy shot, you must taste these oysters.""Sweet mother of gob, this elk sashimi is made from super-conentrated white-hot pleasure. Cheeses."There is one significant hazard to contend with when one first tries Takashi: it will eclipse all other sushi establishments, rendering them inadequate and unsightly. This can prove inconvenient, but the joy-to-inconvenience ratio is rather favorable.Be sure to ask the sushi chefs for general recommendations and about their seasonal off-menu items...they really know their shirt.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,11/25/2011,21,50,,5,2>I have not been to many Peruvian places but my brother works near this location and said it was really good and he was right.I went on a Saturday for lunch and there was a steady crowd of Peruvian families there eating roasted chicken. I started with the Anticuchoes which was perfectly seasoned and really good. I have ordered them before at other places and they are sometime really tough and have an iron taste. These did not.I had the Chicken and Rice. The chicken was nicely seasoned but the cilantro rice was the best pilaf type rices dishes I have had in some time. My brother ordered a steak dish with a fried egg on top. On the side it had fries and a roasted plantain. I tried it and it was very good also. The prices are OK and the servings were huge.Service was OK but not English speaking. My brother says the owner speaks English and is there on weekdays. I will be back.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,11/24/2011,72,51,2,4,5>I would give this place 5 big and busty stars for the MEATLOAF alone cause it just rocks my tastebuds. But I will be thorough of course. I've been going to this funky little cafe for a good while now and it's become a favorite. Here's the breakdown for you foodie freaks: The Goodness: +24 hours of deliciousness on weekends. Gotta get some grub after the club? Skip the stale limp flavored fare of Denny's, Dee's, and VI,  and treat your tongue to some soulfood here. +Cool as sh*t tables - this is a wonderful upgrade from when I first started coming here. This makes just getting seated ultra fun as your host leads to a colorful table decoupaged with cool printed paraphernalia (see photos!). Bring a date to geekily reminisce about your childhood. Popular spots are the DnD table and Voltron table! +Exotic Soul Food. Other than the 5-star meatloaf (I HEART YOU!) the menu has a familiar and intriguing mix of Asian and American foods that are just plain yummy. +Cool Staff. I like how real and friendly the peeps who work here are - they greet me when I come in, and say goodbye when I leave. Makes it feel homey here :) +Easy on the wallet. The price is just right for the quality and experience! The Funkyness: -Late night rowdiness: 24hrs of food and frolic can get a little hairy when the clubs let loose their drunk and loud patrons and they stop here. Better to enjoy this place long before or after 2am otherwise you may get noisily slammed with an ambiance that is trying to recreate the dance club. -Um Restroom? Like Joshua said getting to the restroom WAY in the back is a little weird. It's kind of dark and scary back there and you may end up in an Employee room before getting to your actual destination. -It's a semi-dive, but hey that also kind of adds to the allure and makes it feel even more authentic and down homey :) -Parking? Since it's on Main Street you may be swooping around the block a while to find a place to tie up your horse. But walking downtown can be a nice experience :) Overall this place is more cool, fun, and tasty than it is weird. So check it out with a friend or a gang!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,11/23/2011,136,248,3,4,4>This place is pretty cool. It's all about the pho which I've never had. I ordered a large because I was pretty hungry. I ordered mine with steak and flank. It came out in bathtub size this bowl was huge I couldn't believe it. They have a plum sauce and hot sauce on the table to add a little extra flavor and there was a ton of noodles and meat in this thing. It's a really good meal to have on a cold winter day and even better was it was a really good price. Mine was like $8.  I was also blown away that they have mountain dew, what Asian place has mountain dew? Awesome.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,11/22/2011,34,38,,2,3>I was curious Chabaar offers Thai and American food, and very pleased to discover the Thai food is excellent. I had green curry, Thai iced tea and mango sticky rice. Chabaar's heat scale is 1 - 10 and they insist on return visits to go very high and I can see why. I like heat but am avoiding anything too hot now because I am a nursing mom, but the the one star green curry was delicious and very flavorful. It is great to have Thai food in the suburbs and close to my grandmother's house because I can enjoy some delicious curry while grams can have an omelette (breakfast served all day) or one of their other "American" offerings.I believe Jim is the owner, he asked how our meal was and talked to us for quite a while. I was happy to hear him say they make their own ice cream, which comes in many unique flavor combinations. I tasted my companion's orange cardamom ice cream and it was delicious. Thinking about picking up some curry pot pie. I look forward to supporting this mom and pop restaurant and hope others do, too!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,11/21/2011,106,208,13,5,8>Dear Margo, Penelope, Ricki, Trudy, and Virginia, I think all of you and I are going to have a very love-hate relationship, almost on the level of Frienemies, I dare say?  While all of you may be kind and sweet to my face, just like typical girls, made of sugar, spice and everything nice, I know what you're really up to.  You know exactly what makes me tick, how to get at me in my times of need.  Knowing my ultimate weaknesses include chocolate, peanut butter, coconut, almonds, and ginger.  Putting them all in an aesthetically pleasing box so I can't help but indulge in all of that calorically guilty goodness.  Yes, you all know my weaknesses and use them to bring me down, by expanding my waistline and emptying my wallet.  Oh yes, you know exactly how to push my buttons, yes, the ones on the PIN pad, but you can't trick me!  I know how to get the best bang for my buck, with your dozen cookie box, averaging at $1.33/cookie!  The only thing now... how to not gorge on a dozen cookies in one sitting... You may have won now you sly demons, but I will be back... after a trip to the gym. Until Then, Sam
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,11/20/2011,40,196,,6,3>Only my second time ever eating Pho!  Great!Went here for lunch, on a Wednesday based on Yelp recommendations.  Great place.  Loved the Pho!  The broth was delicious and a nice mix of flavors.  The basil was plentiful, the bean sprouts fresh, as was the lime.  I had the #16 small, with all the meats.  The meats were nice and tender, moist, and good amounts of each.  After i finished the meat and noodles, I sat there and slurped up the broth for about 10 minutes.  Upon entering, I was greeted by an older white guy, which was a little surprising, but you could see the two old Vietnamese (?) ladies cooking just inside the kitchen, chopping up fresh ingredients.The place is a redecorated home, so the inside is smaller than the typical restaurant.  But the place is spotless and nicely decorated.  It's quiet and the lunch crowd is not very heavy.  My order was out in 5 minutes, fried spring rolls included.  Great place for pho!
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,11/19/2011,78,130,1,7,5>Delicious ! That should be the tacu tacu a lo k Rico plates name. I've been here a couple times and I was end up ordering that plate.  You know why because it's so good. Maybe it's just the right mixture of steak, platanos, rice and beans, and you can't forget a fried egg. This place isn't anything fancy just a couple tables and a small kitchen. The service has always been great and the food has never failed.  You have give it a try.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2011,11/18/2011,16,84,,3,4>This oriental market is geared towards South-East Asian cuisine. If you are looking for japanese or Chinese food here they only have a few items in their store. However, if you are looking for something to make Thai food, such as curry paste or coconut milk, this is a good place to find it. They have an ok selection of produce. When mangoes are in season they have a pretty good selection. Also, I have noticed that they have had Durian in stock before. If you've never tried Durian, it's an acquired taste. The market is pretty small, and therefore they don't have the best selection of items. There are other places in town that are better, but to me this location is a bit more convienient.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,11/17/2011,47,191,,5,1>Decided on Fratelli last night on the recommendation of some Twitter folk and an agreeable nod from our friend. We got in and sat by the window for our wait. We were brought some water, but the wait wasn't as long as expected. I'm glad they over-estimated, it's always nice to be surprised rather than disappointed by wait time.Our server, Stacy, took good care of us. She gave us plenty of time to review our choices, answered our questions and was quite attentive.Started with a appetizer special, cremini bruschetta. The topping was very good, I might have preferred it with the bread toasted though, like Kristin H mentioned in her review.I had the bucatini carbonara and it was divine (sans peas,of course, I am anti-peas)  I am a lover of carbonara and have to try it when I hear it might be done well. It was. The pancetta was smoky and the pasta cooked perfectly al dente. Also at the table were the lasagna and the clam linguini. Both were well received, although I heard a comment that the linguini sauce was not quite as flavorful as hoped. Finished off with tiramisu, one of the better ones I've had since moving out here, some coffee and the gelato. The gelato included one scoop each of nutella, chocolate pepper and hazelnut. I missed out on the nutella, but my small taste of the hazelnut and chocolate pepper were absolutely worth ordering and sharing. We especially appreciated that though they were getting ready to close, we never felt rushed out the door. We were welcome to sit and enjoy our coffee and conversation.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,11/15/2011,45,107,,4,4>Parks, much like people, can't be accurately judged by their reputations. Fortunately for lovers of Downtown SLC, Pioneer Park, despite reputation, has proven to be a generally safe and happening park, brimming with events and activities.Some of my favorite memories are rooted in Pioneer Park. I love spending summer nights here watching movies under the stars with all sorts of people, everyone from hipsters to senior citizens to college kids looking for free entertainment. The Farmers Market is also not to be missed, nor the Twilight Concert Series.
