<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,11/29/2014,143,594,2,4,2>I'm not usually one to buy pricey groceries, but if you're that kind of person there is a lot of stuff here for you! From meats to cheeses and artisanal pickles, any kind of hipster fare can be found here.You can definitely come here to splurge for a picnic, too. We grabbed a baguette, cheese, prosciutto and some watermelon beers to go for Gov Island. As far as the sammies go, this place is on point. One day my group of friends got every sandwich on the board, and each one was unique and wonderful -- just like a snowflake. The menu changes daily, so I'll be back to gnosh.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2014,11/28/2014,127,132,3,4,4>Wonderful experience.  This is a great place to come for a special celebration. It is very intimate and special, since there are only about 10 diners total and you are seated at a counter facing the kitchen. You can see each item being prepared pretty much from start to finish. I have been to other tastings like this, but I felt you could see the food preparation better here. The setup was comfortable, even for me at 7.5 months pregnant.There are at least 20 courses. Many are just one bite or two, so you don't get too full but get to taste many things. I was really impressed with the foods. There were a few things on the menu I had never tasted before and there were really interesting food combos.  Each course was explained thoroughly by a really friendly staff member, as was the wine pairing. Excellent dining!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,11/27/2014,171,153,1,4,4>Mocha Bagels is hands down my favorite place for bagels in the neighborhood. I order delivery from here a few times a week(sadly, they don't start delivering until 7am so I can only order on my days off) and the bagels are always fresh, delivery is fast and the delivery guys are hilarious! A creature of habit, I always order the same thing: salt bagel with cream cheese and a coffee and it's always great! There has never been a time where the bagel wasn't fresh and perfectly crispy on the outside and soft/chewy on the inside. Mocha bagels, you are awesome!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,11/26/2014,72,160,4,8,6>Pick a state, Connecticut (buttery) or Maine (Mayo-ey) and get the lobster roll!  Incredibly fresh and tasty lobsters, you really can't go wrong here... well unless you DON'T get the lobster.. don't do that you land lubber!Aside from the lobster goodness, another pro is that there's a no-frills dining room next door where you can bring some beer or wine to complement your rolls.  If there is a con, the con would be that this place - like most places in Red Hook - is that its a little hard to get to, but once you're there take advantage of the neighborhood and walk around and explore with fully bellies.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,11/25/2014,40,338,3,7,5>Travel on the eastern fringes of the former Soviet Union, as I've had the fortune to do, you'll come across some unusual signs written in the distinctive circle-and-lines of Korean.Cities like Darkhan, Osh and Tashkent don't have tons of international options, but there is Korean food. There are also Korean construction companies, Korean grocery stores and a smattering of Korean telecoms countries. You'll also find surprising amounts of peninsular culture in Siberia and the Russian Far East, at far higher proportions than the population of the region should require.Over years of conversations and sporadic research, it's my understanding that there are two reasons. One are the strong cultural links between North Korea and the rest of the Soviet Union, including the presence of Koreans in what is now Northern China. Many studied in the Soviet Union and settled in what were once oblast or republic capitals. The other is the opportunities these countries - wedged in between the superpowers of China and Russia provide. Comparatively lawless and open, it's easier for the Koreans to get rich in Astana than to penetrate the bureaucracy and family ties present in Beijing.All of this helps to explain the story behind Cafe At Your Mother In Law, which has a name that at first glance seems as bizarre of the cuisine on offer. But both have a relatively straightforward explanation - the owners seek to serve the cuisine of their mother-in-law, a Korean woman who spent most of her life in Uzbekistan before heading to Brighton Beach.The food reflects this journey. The Uzbek fare was excellent - squash samsa, manta with sour cream and fennel, and shashlik skewers. These are available elsewhere in the neighborhood but rarely prepare with such a steady hand and balance of flavor. Thankfully the grease that can muddle these dishes are absence here.Unfortunately the couple of generations spent in the steppe seems to have dimmed the kitchen's understand of what makes a good Korean dish. The spin on slices of meat is nothing close to proper bulgogi, while a soup is limp and lacking flavor.The only place where there is true fusion are the salads, where the Koreans have had the most influence on Uzbek cuisine. Korean Carrot Salad is available all over the Steppe, so much so that it's practically more Russian than Korean ( ). Here the Korean predilection for vinegar mixes with the Russian fondness for cold vegetables, and it seems that some day a true marriage between these two cuisines can be found.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,11/24/2014,64,131,3,11,5>OMG, this place is insane!!! The food was nothing short of AMAZING. I've actually been bored lately when it comes to restaurants as it seems like the same old crap. But that's not the case here. Avocado fries, almond crusted tilapia sliders, mini apple pie turnovers, maiz (which sounds boring on the menu but is delicious), and pumpkin cheesecake (by far the creamiest, smoothest cheesecake I've ever eaten) are just some of the delicious things we tried. And everything was reasonably priced. By the end I was stuffed to the gills and I didn't throw down mucho dinero either. Our waiter was funny too. A bonus considering most waiters seem to be going through the motions. I will definitely be back!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,11/23/2014,39,67,7,5,4>This place reminds me of going to your single uncle's house for dinner. There are all the basics necessities: tables, silverware, chairs, kitchen, maybe a bathroom and of course, your uncle running a one man show dressed in a t-shirt and basketball shorts. Needless to say, the dress is casual. The decor is pretty basic and there is a piano as well as some guitars when the band comes to play.Customer service reflects being treated like family. Although the customer service was great, what really blew me away was the food that came out of this small kitchen! TOP OF THE LINE stuff for sure. Everything made fresh and from scratch. Quality of food is definitely something that is valued here. We ordered the New York Classic Chicken with marinara and Chicken Alfredo. The portions are large! We also ordered a personal pan deep dish pizza as a starter. None of the food disappointed. Everything was delicious!Expect to pay for quality though - $51 for the three dishes that could easily be shared. My date and I had plenty of leftovers to take with us. Well worth it!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,11/22/2014,107,354,6,9,6>What else is there to say that others haven't? This might be the best meal I'll ever have in my life and the most expensive. But, if you love food, this is worth it. After most courses, I thought to myself, this is the most amazing thing I've ever tasted. Some of my favorites were the Hokkaido uni with black truffle, the foie gras with abalone, and the wagyu beef. There were a lot of firsts for me here. Never had real truffle, cavier, or had real 23k gold flakes on my food. Portions are just right. You will definitely leave here feeling full!I thought the service was great and very attentive. As others have said, the hostess doesn't really explain what they're serving you but she had to do it about 5 times in a row, so I understand. If you ask her for further explanation, she did.We had about 15 courses on the night we went and each had the 4 wine pairing. As a fellow yelper said, you're already paying so much for this meal, why not go all out and add the wine pairing? I'm glad we did but if you're a weak drinker like me, after the midway point, you start getting a little sleepy from the wine and from being full. Also, having reservations at 10pm didn't help either. We didn't finish our meal until close to 1AM!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2014,11/21/2014,42,63,8,7,7>Let's just put it this way:This was the first (and only) business transaction I've had which ended in a hug (Thanks Ilona!) In a string of unfortunate events, I was in somewhat of a pinch for a new tank; I called BV's number 15 mins before opening, well aware that no one would most likely pick up. Ilona picks up on the second ring, I tell her what's up, and she tells me "I'm 10 minutes away, come by whenever."Once there (it's a bit tricky to find, they are located in the NW corner of a building containing dozens of vendors) Ilona was beyond friendly and helpful, and as we worked together to get me dialed back in, we just got friendlier and friendlier.It was definitely the most genuine, no judgement, no frills vape shop experience I've ever had. She's got some great liquids on hand (Opus Elixer, Space Jam, et all plus their own house liquids) and everything available to sample. For once I didn't feel guilty for trying bc Ilona ensures you don't feel like an imposition, it's a nice change. All in all, the place is run by a very friendly and knowledgeable young lady, and I'm very much looking forward to seeing their bigger, more "official" space in Bushwick. 10/10 would recommend, will be back soon! Thanks Ilona!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,11/20/2014,92,227,6,8,7>Not that Park Slope needed another amazing bakery with award winning pastry chefs, but we'll manage!  This shoebox-sized confectioner is brimming with sweet delights that are sure to entice.  A quick run-down for those looking to get involved:1. Monkey buns2. Nutella & sea salt chocolate cookies3. Almond cheese Danish4. Chocolate bread pudding (I think?)5. Monkey buns (this bears repeating)You can thank me later!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,2/21/2014,66,132,6,9,7>I feel like Five Leaves is reaching neighborhood institution status, and as such, what can I really say? It's consistently good. I prefer sitting outside, but it's pretty cool indoors, with an old ship door as the bathroom door. I'm a sucker for subtle nautical themes and beautiful typography (along with good food), so I keep coming back.Food-wise, my favorites are the now-legendary devils on horseback, ricotta pancakes (I'd recommend sharing with a friend, because they're piled skyhigh), saffron-coconut mussels (ridiculous) and the moroccan egg scramble. And while hardly unique, the oysters, bruleed grapefruit and Ceci Cela almond croissants are also awesome.Also, not to be a creep, but I love overhearing conversations here. It's like Stuff White People Like on steroids. Taking off one star for the (admittedly rare) douche waitstaff behavior and sometimes obscenely long wait times at the coffee window.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,2/20/2014,217,257,5,7,6>The food at Sweet Chick is close to perfect. Doggone it...It's perfect! Crusty, crispy, fried chicken and soft, buttermilk waffles. Shrimp and grits made with fat, tender shrimps. Sauteed peppers and onion covered grits that are as thick and smooth as mashed potatoes and warm biscuits with butter and apple jam??? that were NOT reminiscent of hockey pucks. Sweet Chick is a small place but  very welcoming and it looks great inside (of course... it's Williamsburg!) There's music playing and it's good stuff too-all the hits from my teens and early  twenties and the staff is very accommodating. The crowd gets really thick for Sunday brunch and there can be a wait of at least an hour even though there are communal tables available. My cousin and I opted to eat at the bar after waiting a looooong time  for  our table. The bar is fully stocked with lots of MAJOR hard, brown liquor but we played it safe by ordering the tastiest  watermelon bellini's. The bar was cool yet we were pleased to still be given the opportunity to be seated once a table was available. Chowing down on delicious food while jamming to Ashanti, New Edition, Nas and House of Pain does a beautiful Sunday make. I'd like to come here after dark one day soon to see what dinner's like.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,2/19/2014,62,204,3,6,4>My boyfriend and I came here for a late-night impromptu dinner on a Saturday night. We had read nothing about it beforehand, but the menu looked good, so we decided to take a chance and were really glad we did!They brought bread and olives for the table (yum), so we didn't order a starter. My boyfriend had the lasagna bolognese and I had the squid ink frutti di mare, both of which were delicious. The amount of seafood that came with mine was very generous (though heavy on the mussels and calamari), which was nice.Overall the service was attentive and friendly, though we did have to wait a bit for our check at the end.I think we'll definitely be back here!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,2/18/2014,39,33,,16,8>We've had a pretty serious roach problem in our 99% amazing apartment. We have a couple of cats, so we were conscious of the pest management methods we went with. After reading the outstanding reviews Green Apple received on Yelp so far, I decided to call.They came over later that afternoon within a 3 hour window. They even reminded me to make sure to call them if the exterminator didn't arrive within that hour and they would get right on the case. Luckily, he showed up just on time at the beginning of the window.He was so kind and courteous the entire time, being mindful of my cats throughout. Keeping them safe while eliminating all pests was top priority to him! He knew his stuff while explaining to me what he was doing. And, shoot, was he thorough! We had some cracks in our ceiling, and he even treated those. I'm really astonished with the level of service and kindness I received from an industry that I wouldn't typically expect it from. So pleased!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,2/16/2014,153,290,,9,4>Relaxing.  Calm.  Earthy. A place to clear your thoughts.  It's not super quiet here but this place gives off such a cool vibe.I came here first for an informal meeting.  Good coffee!They have a small upstairs room for parties. (Current rate as of date is $200 with a 2 hour minimum)  You have to pass through a door so It's away from the regular crowd and you get to have privacy.   I am soon going to reserve this little room for my sister's bridal shower.  They provide the table, chairs, linen, silverware and plates.  If you ask, they will let you use the sound system for music and perhaps play a slideshow via the projector.  The person we talked to was very helpful and answered all our questions.  I'd say the room could seat 45 people max COMFORTABLY with space to walk around.  I don't know what the actual room capacity is though.  So, after the event, I will update this review!Until then, I'd recommend this place to just hang out with a friend, catch up on some work on your laptop, or to start off your Saturday Morning routine with a cup of joe.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,2/15/2014,39,156,1,12,6>BEST SUSHI IN PARK SLOPE HANDS DOWN! Maybe even Brooklyn?Sushi Katsuei is the real deal with a trained, Japanese staff that knows what it is doing. The omakase sounded amazing when I was there but I decided to opt for the chirashi (umi no sachi on the menu). It was amazing.I really love sushi and I've had some good sushi experiences before but this was something out of this world fantastic. The fish all melted in my mouth and I could really appreciate the different tastes of each fish from the tuna's savory meatiness to the sweetness of a piece of clam.I also tried their red miso mushroom soup to start which was an earthy and satisfying take on the tofu, seaweed soup most places have (though fyi, they have class miso soup here too!). Their green tea is superb and waitress was walking around with a carafe ready to refill everyone's cup.Dessert is fantastic too with green tea ice cream and mochi available- I got to try both and each was among the best I've ever had. The green tea ice cream tastes intensely of matcha and is not overly sweet. The mochi have a great ice cream to rice wrapper ratio and are well-sized and tasty. The decor is great too with white table cloths, frosted glass, minimalist interior and beautiful plates and bowls to eat on.I really hope they succeed! Park Slope is full of sushi spots but none are actually any good. Sushi Katsuei is authentic, fresh, delicious, and hospitable!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/14/2014,181,230,2,11,6>A belated post, with the best of intentions.  I went to this event that was held in a retail store(don't recall what it was for), and they happened to be serving these divine hors d'oeuvres and amazingly delicious kiwi cocktails.  I took note of this restaurant with the intention of dining there.  Fast forward to a year later, and I'm planning a surprise engagement/wedding send-off brunch for my best friend and her husband.  I immediately recall that September night where I had filed Kiwiana into my foodie brain, and contacted the chef, Mr. Mark Simmons. After some email correspondence, I worked out the date, pre-fixe price per head and custom menu(including unlimited drinks) for our party of close to 30.  Since it is a small space, we had the entire restaurant to ourselves for the duration of the event. The staff was so helpful and generous with the time we spent there; I was thoroughly impressed. The scrumptious scones and the ribs were a delicious hit, as were the kiwi cocktails.  We were never rushed out; plenty of time was given to our guests of honor for mingling and creating memories.  When they ran out of the kiwi mimosas, they offered up regular ones down to the very last minute.  The chef came out to greet us afterwards which added a more personal touch. Needless to say, the bride and groom were very happy and it was a very successful event.  I would definitely consider hosting another special day here.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,2/13/2014,295,410,5,9,6>The first thing I thought when I got my sandwich: "JESUS CHRIST THIS WAS $5?!" . It was probably a foot long, exploding with the delicious pulled pork, cilantro, pickled carrots and cucumbers and SUPER SPICY! The baguette was perfectly flakey and soo filling that I had a delicious snack for later. Iced coffee was to die for. Ba Xuyen is pretty far out on the border of Borough Park but it was definitely worth the trek. Work that bahn mi off by taking a stroll around the gorgeous Sunset Park.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,2/12/2014,249,194,4,7,6>Floyd looks like a typical Brooklyn hipster dive but I like the comfortable, laid-back atmosphere permeating the place. Plus, I've never seen a bocce ball court inside a bar before so that ups the cool factor. The rummage sale couches and mismatched furniture somehow all work, maybe because they're arranged in little living room style seating areas conducive to conversation. We ended up chatting with fellow customers we didn't know...all because they invaded, oops, asked to sit our living room! My eagle-eyes even found a partially hidden outlet in a fireplace to recharge my perpetually battery-drained iPhone.The bar isn't the type that serves the trendy mixologist cocktails, but they do have all the top shelf you'd probably want, plus a full line of Brooklyn beer. Floyd is probably hopping on weekend nights, but it's a nice place to relax and unwind on a Sunday afternoon too.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/11/2014,81,117,4,8,5>Who doesn't love a good doughnut in the morning...or in the evening? At Dough, it doesn't matter what time you're in the mood for a doughnut because they're always fresh. This is an incredible feat, and one that is definitely imperative for any sort of bakery to accomplish.That's not the only reason Dough deserves five stars though. I've tried pretty much every doughnut Dough has to offer, and each was delicious in its own way. You won't find anything less than sweet, and sometimes salty (Salted Chocolate Caramel, anyone?) perfection here. One caveat; it's cash only, but this seems to be the case for most of my favorite places so I'm getting used to it.Even if it's a bit of a trek, take the trip and get yourself some doughnuts from Dough. You deserve it.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,2/10/2014,358,182,3,9,6>I live in Bushwick so it's a bit of a hassle to get here, but I deal with the commute because simply put, THEY ARE  AWESOME.My encounters were only with Dr. Kurowski and Dr. Moore and both of them are very compassionate and caring.  I completely trust them with my pets 100%.  The support staff is also super nice and helpful.  As for the pricing, I don't think any veterinarian is inexpensive but it is less expensive here than Blue Pearl or VERG.  Even if it was more expensive, I would pay the difference because I know it's worth it.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,2/9/2014,143,594,2,4,3>First off, I'd like to say this would be a sweet spot for a date. The lighting, the awesome service, amazing food--what's not to like? Fellas, take note.I came here a few weeks ago and for some reason the thing that sticks out to me the most is the butternut squash. They roasted it in something flavorful, it ended up tasting superb.Also this is a good place for healthy eaters, as there are plenty of veggie/low cal options. Can't wait to check out brunch!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,2/8/2014,310,336,2,7,6>Ok...so I usually give places two tries before yelping but I can't wait! I've passed by here so many times and by accident stopped in the other night!Although the menu is on the window it was hard to see from the condensation from all of the people...which was a good enough sign to come in. We were quickly seated by our friendly server, Jonathan. (hi!) Who told us of the specials. Like everyone said, they have pizzas named after the different neighborhoods in Brooklyn. Mmmmm. I chose the Gravesend, a white pie with onions. I love onions on a pizza!!! When the pies came they didn't offer the usual red pepper flakes. Instead we were offered chili powder, hand ground by the owner David's mother in law. What? It was spicy but that heat brought the flavor of the white cheese out. It was so good. Oh wait, we also had the ceasar salad. It was yummy. I must say the croutons were the best I've had. David, the owner told us that they are made from leftover dough from the day before. Well, talk about resourceful! It was so buttery and nice!Hot toddies were in full effect and they were delicious. They were prepared with brandy and the mixture was right on. I'm so happy to have finally come here. Now if I could just spend as much time here as I do at the vet a block away we'd be good. Oh, I need dessert! Releggedly there is a man who makes pecan pies?????? Bring it!!!!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,2/7/2014,38,109,,9,6>You could walk by Brancaccio's one hundred times and never really notice it. From the exterior, it is the very definition of nondescript and you'd certainly never expect to walk into this place and be treated to such quality food.Brancaccio's isn't the type of joint where you'll find food that is on the cutting edge of cuisine. What Brancaccio's does is great sandwiches using high quality ingredients and superb preparation. Look, it's high time we admit that it's just hard to improve on the simple sandwich. Adding some rare Himalayan green that is in season for 36 hours every year does not make a better sandwich. Just do what these guys do and use high quality ingredients prepared with care and attention.As to the service, it was fine when I was there. I don't think the owner was in, but the guys behind the counter were sufficiently attentive that I was able to place my order and get out in a completely reasonable amount of time.This spot is definitely one of those Yelp gems. Completely unexpected and absolutely worth the trip.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/6/2014,40,134,10,14,10>We went here this weekend for my friend's bachelorette party. I love a good strip club, and as I walked in here I realized that not only have I driven past it many times, but also it's the FIRST strip club I've ever been to in NYC! I don't know, somehow I expected that a NYC strip club would either be more expensive or less welcoming than in other towns. Pumps proved me wrong on both counts! First off, there's a small parking lot which was much appreciated. Second, our group of mostly queer women didn't get a single weird look or annoying comment as we walked in. Third, no cover charge on a Saturday night!The place is small, but wasn't too crowded, and the strippers dance right behind the bar so it's a convenient two-for-one experience to sit at the bar. My girlfriend told me before we went that this is the kind of place with "busted" strippers who have "c-section scars" and such. Wrong! These were mostly hot women with diverse body types and, yes, the occasional scar. My favorite was that one of them was visibly pregnant and still hanging upside-down on the pole.We bought our friend a lap dance where the stripper had to remind her to breathe because she was so petrified/delighted. It was very sweet.I'm told I'm not supposed to feel special that several of the girls flirted with me and touched me. I guess it's true that they walked away once I said I didn't want a lap dance. Still, I feel special and that's all that matters. I will be going back to Pumps soon!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/5/2014,77,160,5,9,5>Leron's Lesson: Amazing music that will have you moving the entire time! Too bad the space is so small.Full Review. I personally guarantee that you will dance once you get there. The Latin/Caribbean music is perfect for dancing and easy to stay on beat. The drinks are decent and fairly priced as well. I've been here on 2 separate occasions and enjoyed each. I definitely plan on coming back, probably with a dance partner, or 2.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/4/2014,136,150,11,9,9>While we continue to ride out the perpetual Brooklyn-boom, in true New York nature, we'll be increasingly confronted by waves of 'artisnal' charlatans. They'll have beards. They'll be from the midwest. Their stores and restaurants will have kitschy names like 'Starchild'. And everything they swindle will be overpriced and stodgy. Like a hot knife through pie, Four & Twenty Blackbirds cuts through the hype, the hoopla and the hystaria as one of Brooklyn's... No, America's finest pie destinations. Their pies are truly remarkable, and one skim of their cookbook makes me feel like the comfortable, self-loathing middle-aged man that I've always wanted to be.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,2/3/2014,41,126,2,7,5>Bottom line: I like it spicy, and Roberta's delivered. I know I'm being redundant to every review before, but this place is just damn good. We hit it up on a Sunday evening, early enough to avoid a long wait. But the place is popular, so we still had a bit of time to kill before our table was ready. We were kindly directed to the "tiki bar," a tented bar area that is not very tiki but is cozy enough to enjoy their solid menu of beers and ciders.After a delightful 15 minutes under the tent, we were brought back inside to our seats in the middle of a common table. We quickly selected a simple salad and their Famous Original Pizza.  The salad was spot on, but the pizza really blew us away. A lot of places are afraid to make their food spicy, but Roberta embraces it in their famous original. But even with the spice, t was flavorful and not complicated with too many toppings.  I'm craving it as I write this.  The atmosphere was great too.  Even though our neighbors on both sides were closely sat, everyone was in such a good mood from the delicious food that it felt like a party. The 80s music certainly didn't hurt. So, believe the hype. Roberta's is worth the wait.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,2/2/2014,90,266,,11,6>I finally made it out to Nitehawk for Machete Kills a few weeks ago, after hearing about Nitehawk from everyone I know.  Okay so, everyone was right - this place rocks!!! This is how a night-out to the movies is supposed to be.  I was skeptical but they truly won me over and I can't wait to go back.Firstly, the price for the movie was affordable compared to theaters in the city.  It was $11 for a ticket, plus a $1 transaction fee.  We arrived an hour before the movie started, grabbed our tickets and had a lovely drink at the bar downstairs.  They have a great selection of draft beer (horray for Brooklyn Radius) as well as tasty cocktails.  It was empty so it only took a second to get a drink and the nice bartender told us we can bring our drinks upstairs, so there was no need to chug. About 30 minutes before the movie began, we went upstairs and were lead to the theater.  The seats are sectioned off by twos with a table to share.  The staff was super helpful in explaining how things worked.  We had a few minutes to look at the menu before our server came by to take our food/drink order.  My husband ordered the tater tots with cheese and the meatballs, which I went for the burger with fries.  He didn't want to get something so messy for fear of eating in the dark. However, the food came out quickly and I was able to eat most of it while the lights were still on - so get there early if this is something you're worried about too.The food was really good and fairly priced.  My burger was only $12 and was really delicious.  It was cooked perfectly and accompanied with a tasty lime mayo, lettuce, onions and pickle.  The fries were awesome, even when they got a little cold and I was munching on them throughout the movie.  The tater tots were really good too, although I didn't eat the cheese sauce w/ them.  My hubby loved them and there was enough to share between two people.  The meatballs were very good as well.  A perfect small plate if you aren't too hungry.Throughout the movie, the staff would sneak between rows to clear plates and take orders.  I thought it was going to be distracting, but they were quiet, professional and quick so I didn't notice them much.  They did a great job throughout the entire movie.  Overall, it was a great time and I would gladly come back again, even if just for drinks and a movie.  Definitely get there early to enjoy drinks and food as well as enjoy the pre-show, which was awesome.  They put together a reel with clips from other movies that star the actors from the movie you paid to see.  It was so well done and made the whole experience even better.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/1/2014,11,280,5,10,7>Love at first bite.Start with the stuffed avocado, as most tables do. The restaurant is very dark so when they present you with your stuffed avocado, it will look like a plate of dark mush but trust me, it's the most tasty, decadent plate of dark mush you will ever have. The table next to me ordered the escargot and it smelled amazing. I'll have to get that next time.I'm not too familiar with Caribbean cuisine but from previous experiences, Caribbean food is very flavorful but usually very heavy. Kaz An Nou puts their own refined touch on these complex flavors and spices. I rarely finish my entrees when I go out to eat but I nearly licked my plate clean at Kaz An Nou! The waitress noticed my spotless plate and asked if I enjoyed my food. Yes I did!!I am very skeptical of BYOB places with high reviews on yelp. IMO, the high rating usually comes from the fact that its BYOB and ppl get too tispy/drunk to clearly remember the food. But Kaz An Nou is the exception! A bottle of wine is a must at Kaz An Nou. The kitchen is small and the food takes a while to come out. So have a drink and enjoy the company of your dining partner (probably your significant other, the restaurant was filled with couples when I was there) and prepare your taste buds for one of the best meals you'll ever have. I honestly think Kaz An Nou was one of my favorite meals of 2013 :)
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,10/10/2014,80,552,8,8,6>A vegan and a carnivore walk into a burger joint... and, no joke, both are satisfied! I, the vegan, enjoyed my grilled tofu burger topped with Brussels sprouts and sauteed mushrooms. I could have gotten more vegetarian toppings, there's a lot to choose from. The mesclun lettuce and tomatoes that came on the side were very fresh. The curly fries were very tasty. My friend was very happy with his burger. I like that there are Boylan sodas and little individual bottles of wine. My friend's shake was forgotten but when we asked, the countergirl made it right quick and with a friendly attitude. The place is clean, with relaxing music, ample seating, and in a convenient location. The Brooklyn-themed mural is gorgeous. It's a little pricey but remember it's not McDonald's.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/9/2014,124,537,8,8,7>++++- Successful Black owned business in Bed Stuy area of Brooklyn+++- Almond Croissant- Bacon/Egg/cheese on croissant; I accidentally forgot to ex-nay the eggs, but I'm glad I didn't. The added peppers and onions were an added bonus for someone who hates eggs as much as I do.- Cheese Danish was awesome. It was totally worth the extra laps I had to do on the track.++- Variety of French cheeses and pastries, which i did not sample. They get 2 plusses just by being there.- The staff is great. They really want to please you, and they really know their customers. Everyone who entered seemed to have been best friends with the guy at the counter, whom I believe to be the owner as well.-- This place attracts lingerers, at least half the people who were there when we got there were still there when we left TIPS- We got here about 1:30 on a a Sunday afternoon, and there were a few tables open. This is good for a late day brunch.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/8/2014,57,187,5,9,6>Moving with Get There was so pleasant and easy, I'm actually not dreading any future moves I may have to make. That's right, in the space of about a week they downgraded the agony level of moving from "soul-sucking" to "mere minor inconvenience." I chose Get There because of their stellar Yelp reviews (obviously) and their billing scheme: they have a two hour minimum for hourly jobs, then bill by the half hour. That means you are paying for the time your move actually takes. Another place I called was going to charge by the hour and also bill me for the time the truck took to reach me. No thanks!I found it really easy to communicate with them before moving day. There's an online inventory you fill out to get a quote. A few days later I realized I was going to have extra stuff so I called in to let them know...not a problem! I got a confusing message from PayPal that maybe my deposit bounced? Not a problem! I signed the contract at the last minute? Not a problem! Just...no problems at all.My moving guys were Wes and James. Their MO was: be pleasant, be careful, be efficient. They called when they were 15 minutes away, and got there right on time. Everything got wrapped up in blankets and/or plastic, even my Ikea stuff, so it wouldn't get scratched. On the other end they helped me get furniture placed where I wanted it -- but also pointed out that, if I actually put my bed in that particular spot, I wouldn't be able to reach my bookcase. Helpful AND honest! In all the move took a little two hours, leaving me with a whole afternoon to do the fun stuff: unpacking!A+, would move with Get There again.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,10/7/2014,320,397,7,8,8>Two key differences between this location and the original Williamsburg spot:1. SPACE!! Way more space. Come 1pm the Williamsburg location is a traffic jam of over-sized sunglasses, tourists and Bushwick dicks just standing around trying to get noticed. I came here mid-afternoon on a beautiful day and never felt rushed or annoyed by having to almost stand in line to get into a line.2. Way more places to sit and relax with your tasty finds within the market and even more spots a few steps outside of the market. The view is also a hell of a lot better and you're a short stroll to Brooklyn Heights, Smith St and all the other charming amenities that this area of Brooklyn has to offer.It's a bit tricky to get to compared to the other location so you're better off cabbing it, taking the bus from the Atlantic/Barclays area or riding your bike here. I also don't recommend trying to follow the waterfront to it as there's a lot of construction going on till next year with some parts of the path being completely blocked off.Also: Cash is king. Bring it fool.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,10/6/2014,237,276,3,9,8>Ah, the long-awaited new Egg in a bigger space. I had dined in their previous spot before and figured the increase in tables would help, but brunch waits are still pretty intense. The wait for 4 at 10:50am on a Saturday was already 45 minutes and it did indeed take that long. I recommend putting your name down and wandering off for a bit instead of taking up all the room on the sidewalk. There is a bench outside, but you might get boxed in by strollers.Highlights included the Eggs Rothko, the iced coffee, the chorizo, and the candied bacon. The grits were spot-on with regard to texture, but the addition of cheddar was not worth an extra $1.25. My country ham side was plentiful, so I got to share with friends. The portions are sizable without weighing you down for the rest of the day.Service was friendlier and less harried than I remembered from my previous visit. One of the two bathrooms was out of order and there was a line 6 people deep for most of our meal, but hopefully that's not a recurring problem.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,10/5/2014,884,226,15,22,21>Bedouin Tent is a neighborhood gem!  I'm definitely a fan of Middle Eastern food, and this place does not disappoint.  I went with a dining buddy, and I ordered the falafel platter as my entree.  He ordered the lamb platter.  We shared a spinach & cheese pie appetizer, and some semolina cake for dessert.The food was really delicious.  Everything was seasoned perfectly, the pita bread was fresh and hot, the service was quick & friendly.  I highly recommend trying the spinach & cheese pie appetizer; it'll remind you of a calzone when they bring it to the table.  My only gripe was that the semolina cake seemed a little dry, but I'd be willing to try it again.While it is cash only, I feel the prices are pretty cheap and that you get more than your money's worth.  I look forward to my next visit!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,10/4/2014,182,108,13,6,5>Just come here. Don't bother reading all the reviews, just know this: this is a fantastic and fabulous wine bar in Park Slope without the pretentiousness you would expect from a wine bar. Lovely, knowledgable servers, wine on tap, fabulous Happy Hour specials (amazing bacon mac and cheese for only $5?!) and just an overall great atmosphere. Garden outside and open windows in the front for the warmer days. They'll let you try any wine if you're unsure. Beers, too, if your fat boyfriend can't handle a glass of red. Bring your date here, Tinder or otherwise. Or your mom. Probably not your toddler, though ;)
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/3/2014,62,76,5,9,5>There are honestly not enough dessert bars in the USA. Sure. You can go to an ice cream shop, or a bakery, or a restaurant. But why are there so few establishments dedicated to just dessert?Fortunately, there's Kulu. My first encounter with Kulu involved searching for a good late night Chinese restaurant on Urbanspoon. Kulu kept popping up, but they didn't have what I wanted. When you have a hankering for lo mein, dessert is not a priority. One day, however, I decided that it was time for my fiancé and me to check this place out. While living in Atlanta, we'd often frequent the dessert bars located up and down Buford Highway. But something about Kulu seemed different. We hopped on our bikes and headed over. In the midst of a dimly lit and rather run-down street lies this sparkling gem. Decorated in pseudo modern finishes, Kulu has a great young vibe. The menu is a bit hard to maneuver because most of the desserts are unfamiliar to most Westerners. What is "xueha"? What do "sweet balls" taste like? What in the world could "sawdust" pudding be?I'll cut to the chase and say this. You have to try everything to see what you like. There are some weird selections. There are some interesting selections. There are some great selections. It may seem overwhelming at first but you never know what's going to satisfy your palate. I highly recommend the crêpes with any fillings, the Ice Cream Mario (mango pudding, sago, chopped dragonfruit and kiwi, green tea ice cream and condensed milk ice cream), and the Kulu Mix Fruit Special with coconut. I give five stars for friendliness, creativity, quality and consistency. Also because Ice Cream Mario is everything.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,10/2/2014,488,56,9,10,11>This spot is my jam -- go-to and current favorite spot for libations in Bushwick. There's awesome Appalachian style comfort food, including a late-night menu (the corn dog is the bee's knees).AND:* Switchel shot: shot of whiskey chased w a shot of a "Switchel" (maple, apple cider vinegar, ginger concoction)There's an outdoor space that let's you smoke AND drink till closing time (very uncommon around NY). Bartenders are rad, especially Gordy!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/1/2014,815,362,5,8,9>such good, good drinks. and a great place to grab one before you head out and about for the night - or just cozy up in this dark space and hang here with your lovah or friends. inventive cocktails with tequila and whisky, muddled, shaken, etc. or you can always get your standards done really well. great for groups if you can get there early enough or don't mind a little wait. bar snacks include deviled eggs, mixed nuts, cheese plate and other standard pubby style fare - although this is not a pub. you can also get entrees like fried chicken and a lamb burger. i didnt go for the food, only the drinks. perhaps another time...
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,3/31/2013,110,253,7,11,9>For me, the evolution of who makes the best beer has been a roller coaster.  First, it was discovering good beer back in the day... when classic English bitters and Belgian ales were trumping all of the pilsners, lagers, and pale ales America was making.Then, the American West Coast beer scene absolutely blew up, and breweries in Oregon and Colorado and even Ohio and Michigan were making beers seemingly better than anywhere else in the world, regardless of style and not to mention some completely experimental brews. New York still hasn't caught up to what the West Coast is doing.But now, in my mind, the current pinnacle of where beer is going, is located on a street called Manhattan Ave in Greenpoint, Brooklyn.Enter, TORST. I walked in, looked at 21 taps, and realized I had never tasted a single one of these beers. I looked at the bottle list, and with the exception of De Dolle and a few others, I had never tasted 95% of the 200 + bottles for sale.After working my way through some of them, these are clearly some of the most exacting defined flavors I have ever tasted in beer, many of them brewed by a kind bearded Danish dude named Jeppe who uses other people's equipment (aka, a gypsy brewer).If he can brew beer for two of the best restaurants in the world (Aviary/Alinea, Noma) and make beer that is this inspiring, I have a feeling the future of beer just landed in the neighborhood. Score.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/30/2013,231,165,3,5,2>Hanco's does it right. I've yet to conquer a bahn mi joint that makes sammies better than Hanco's. Seriously.Vietnamese sandwiches that I've had from other shops have been notoriously stingy on the amount of fillings inside of the sandwich. This makes about zero sense to me, since carrots, jicama, and cukes are basically the cheapest vegetables that come out of the ground. But, no worries here. Hanco's will not burn you. The vegetarian bahn mi is not only stuffed-to-the-brim with veggies, it's full of perfectly seasoned tofu. The garden rolls are also super yummy. They are always fresh, and always stuffed. Mmmm vermicelli noodles.I've never had the boba here, but my girlfriend swears by it*. Hanco's has a punch card buy-ten-get-one-free system, which just adds to the appeal. But, trust. You'll want to come here again and again for more reasons than to fill up your card. I wish the inside dining area was nicer/more conducive to serving as an environment that I would want to sit down in and eat aforementioned delicious sammie. The dining area sort of resembles the waiting area at the DMV. But, you can't have it all.___*And I've learned that it's best to listen to what she says.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,3/29/2013,845,309,12,21,23>I've been living in Bushwick for almost 2 years now (off the Jefferson stop to be exact), and all the happenings seem to be just isolated in Morganville. Don't get me wrong, I love Morganville and I'm a regular at most of the establishments there...BUT..Lo and behold, there was a gem called Mominette. Off the Jefferson stop.. sure there are plenty of other places I frequent but Mominette is a completely different and unique place. French in Bushwick? Sure, and Mominette nails it. One of my many gripes about some of the establishments in the neighborhood is pretentious service and inconsistent food. Staff here are down to earth locals-who actually don't loathe their job. You can tell by the camaraderie and morale. I've tried just about everything here, and although most people don't typically start off a review with dessert..I have an obsession with their flourless chocolate  cake with mixed berries and fresh whipped cream. I usually eat my feelings away, and have coping issues with food so you can often times find me here with a piece of cake and 3 glasses of wine.What I typically like ordering when coming here with a new friend is:Salade Mominette, duck confit, with mixed greens. Tomato, Mozz, Sopressata.Soup du jour, they have rotating soupe du jour all delicious and fresh.Beef Bourguignon, hearty, packed with flavor with a side of irresistible creamy mashed potatoes. Escargot, made with a tomato sauce served with fresh country bread.Pastas, rotate and are HUGE portions. I've tried a handful and they are all delicious. Mominette has an incredible wine list, I typically go for the Pinot/gamy. They also have reserve bottles that are perfect for  special occasions. Also, try the Take me home (try to resist not singing the song while ordering) and Old fashioned!And, here is my 300th REVIEW for Mominette.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,3/28/2013,72,160,3,4,2>Restaurants like Kaz an Nou remind us that the Barclays Center will not engulf the entire area into an all corporate restaurant zone.  Just blocks away in distance but once inside, my dining companion and I agreed that it felt like miles.  The restaurant is small and usually quite packed, with one server, one runner, and a chef.  The food is French-Carribean. Started with the Avocat Farci, a stuffed avocado with mushrooms with emmental cheese melted on top.  Very delicious preparation, scooped out chunks of avocado and spices mixed with sauteed mushrooms packed with flavor, served and possibly baked in the shell.  For the mains, we had Dombre Crevettes (which the waitress said was a favorite of hers growing up in Guadeloupe) and the Confit.  Both were well prepared and tasty, nicely plated and we thought that the serving size was quite right.  All meats are antibiotic too.  Desserts were presented to us in French at our request and sounded great, although we refrained.Oh, and best part is that its BYOB!  Making the prices more than reasonable without the obligatory bottle mark-up.  So go, or don't so I can get a table!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/27/2013,52,121,1,8,3>I hope people don't catch on too much because this place is pretty awesome!  The concept itself has been described before and I've always wanted to check out a theater where you can dine and wine during a movie, but this was my first experience and was better than I imagined.  It is such a fun way to watch a movie!  Memorable experience, and a perfect place for a date.  I'm glad I read the reviews on Yelp beforehand so we knew to get there 30-45 mins early.  Grab a beer at the bar and once the doors open, go get a good seat.  We watched Zero Dark Thirty and I actually thought the last row was perfect.  It's a small theater and the screen isn't as small as some reviews said, so any seat probably will be okay, but I recommend the last 2 rows.  Also, it's helpful to know you order by writing down whatever you want on a slip of paper and stick it on the table so the servers know to quietly walk by and pick up the order.  Genious.  Good beer selection, and the downstairs bar did have hot toddys too.  Foodwise, I took other yelper recs and ordered the queso with chorizo and their beef jerky.  Queso really was good, but next time I will remember to ask for extra jalapenos.  I didn't know it came with jalapeno peppers, and because there were so few it was more like a delicious tease. The cheese wasn't anything like movie theater nacho cheese so trust me, it is worth ordering.  The beef jerky on the otherhand wasn't as good as I had hoped.  The thai flavoring made it too sweet for me and the BF initially said he didn't like it.  That being said, we both finished all the jerky as the movie when on.  Probably because it was there on the table and it's nice to munch on something with your beer, but if it was that bad we wouldn't have continued eating it.  The texture of the jerky was spot on though- not too tough but good amount of chew.  Price for movie tickets are only $11, but you do end up paying for drinks and food so it more than evens out.  Wish they had HH deals on weekends too.  If we didn't have friends to meet afterwards, would have taken advantage of $4 beer at the downstairs bar with a ticket stub.  Definitely will return.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/26/2013,168,363,4,5,6>Their prices per quarter pound of cheese are more than reasonable. One can put together a nice selection of cheeses for a party or just for oneself. On this visit, I decided to use my Groupon for Stinky Rewards, which entitles one to 20% off their cheese purchases for a year. I bought a nice Ossau Iraty, Mitebleu and a Pecorino Romano.If the cheese, meats, accoutrements aren't enough, they also have Madécasse-Madagascar Chocolate bars, conveniently placed by the register (in case you're wondering, the sea salt and cocoa nibs is my favorite.)AND, equally important, they have my favorite Sicilian olives: castelvetrano. ::high five::
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,3/25/2013,343,284,3,11,5>This is my go to spot when I want a healthy and filling meal, as well as a place to unwind and relax.  I'm not even a vegetarian but s'Nice knows how to make me want to become a vegetarian and appreciate the things we carnivores don't usually. My favorite sandwiches:- Brie pear & arugula sandwich with raspberry mustard- Curried cauliflower wrap with chickpeas, brown rice and mango chutney- Roasted vegetable panini with arugula and goat cheese And, keep in mind each sandwich comes with a side of mixed greens salad! For $8.75, that's a great deal!I've also tried the quinoa salad with black beans and corn tortilla chips which is also good but not as filling as the sandwiches. I always have my meal with an iced chai during the summery days or a chai tea latte. What's great about this location in Park Slope (unlike the Manhattan locations) is that there is outdoor seating, perfect for those summery days when all you want to do is relax, have your lunch and drink. There are plenty of benches too so you should be able to get a seat.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,3/24/2013,209,892,4,9,8>When I moved to New York, I made it a mission of mine to try all the Ethiopian restaurants in the city and have successfully done so over the past three years. Let's just say having lived in Ethiopia for four years when I was younger, I often miss the food and will often drag a willing friend to fulfill the craving. My top three Ethiopian spots in the city, in no order, are Ghenet, Bunna Cafe (currently a pop up) and Zoma (Harlem).On the corner of 4th Ave and Douglass St, a mere 10mn walk from the Atlantic Ave station, is Ghenet. It's been a while since I've been back and it seems they have extended in the back so they can cater to bigger groups now! The decor is modern, simple and inviting. The staff are friendly and they cater to you quickly, no matter how full the place can get. I always think the best deals at an Ethiopian restaurant is their combination platters. Unless you really have a craving for one dish, I suggest you go with their combo, whether meat (choice of 2 meats & 2 veg) or vegetarian (any 4 veg dishes). It's not only kind to your wallet (around $33) but it's a great way to have a taste of a few dishes. Oh and yes, all of it is delicious!While I'm personally not a fan of Ethiopian Honey Wine, I say you might as well have a glass if you're new to the cuisine. At $8 a glass, it won't hurt to try!Come prepared to eat with your hands and leave with a very full belly - that's how it goes at Ghenet.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/23/2013,131,169,5,6,8>I came here recently with a friend who convinced me to break away from our usual spot. And I'm glad I did. Through mouthfuls of Creole wings, black mushroom rice, and akra as well as a few more rounds of Sak pase mojitos than we should have had, we gossiped, laughed, and enjoyed our time at La Caye. The wings are flavorful and pack the right amount of heat without overwhelming your taste buds (but my spice-o-meter is quite high just so you know *blushing*). I eat black mushroom rice often compliments of my mother and sister, so I worked through the akra, which is a seasoned and deep fried malanga--tasty. Jean, the co-owner made sure to stop by and say hello and chat with us and the other patrons. Our server was also amazing, and her attentiveness was balanced (we felt neither ignored nor rushed). We also wrapped up the night with complimentary cocktails and an order of red velvet. The red velvet was moist, tender, and not overly sweet. While it doesn't come with icing, the warm cake is nicely contrasted with two scoops of ice cream--and that's all right with me. La Caye is a nice addition to Fort Greene's culinary hub. I had a good time and will definitely be back.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/22/2013,235,330,4,4,5>You guyz. This place. Pancetta & Pinapple Pizza. Basically my dream come true.I was predisposed to hating Speedy Romeo, because when I called to ask if there was a wait one night, the hostess gave some BS about how she really couldn't say, people are just coming and going all the time, and it's so unpredictable... blah blah blah... when we got there 10 minutes later, there were open tables. Come on lady. Upon asking for one of said open tables, we were asked to please wait at the bar while one of the servers made out with a guy at the bar and the others circled fairly aimlessly. So yeah, not a great first impression.But all that changed once there was a menu in my hand. I basically wanted everything. Also, I should mention, our server was lovely, and apparently the only one there who actually did anything. We started with the fresh mozzarella & squash which was un.freaking.real. I mean, it was so good, I almost ate my BF's portion. We also had the Steak Tartare Crostini, which was good but not the best steak tartare I've ever had, although the arugula garnishing it was quite seriously the best arugula I've ever had. For the pizzas, we got the Dick Dale with sauce and the Kind Brother. They were both excellent. The toppings themselves were all really high quality, especially the mushrooms. I personally prefer a pizza with sauce, so I was glad that the server volunteered that it could be added, and I think it went really well with the Dick Dale. The provel cheese they use, I'm told is something akin to Velveeta, and I had some pretty mixed feelings about it once it started to cool, but piping hot it was so creamy and delicious, I didn't care if it was choc full of chemicals. I mean, the mushroom pizza also has EGG! that made it a little floppy, but that's something I can get over, especially for egg on my pizza. Basically, my mind was blown, and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,4/23/2014,124,227,2,8,6>The name says it all. When I foolishly wandered in here thinking they might have wine, I was soundly proven wrong. Just BEER AND SODA lady! Luckily, BBS has such a huge selection of beers that I found exactly what I needed for my New Years Eve party. No champagne? I got sparkling cider from France. No red wine? Picked up a Cassis Lambic that went perfectly with the cheese I was serving. This place truly has everything in the beer/soda variety that your little heart could desire. There's a method to the madness in terms of layout as well, so don't be too overwhelmed by the size of the place. Things seem to be generally organized by category and the staff is really helpful if you're totally lost. Can't wait to try out the wide range of ciders and Belgian-style beers they have here.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,4/22/2014,6,41,7,23,14>Icky pretense, bad attitudes, and crowds aside, this place is amazing.The coop has an incredible variety of VERY cheap produce, cheese, bread, spices, and bulk food items. The prepackaged foods are hit or miss. Some are vastly cheaper than you would find elsewhere while others are around the same price. But the quality all around is spectacular. The variety of cheese is unbelievable and makes any amount of annoying angry people worth enduring.To clear up some confusion among the 1-star folks:1) This place does not make joining prohibitive for any demographic. They lower the membership fee and requisite investment for low-income households. They provide daycare so single parents can shop in peace. They only require 2.75 hours of work per month (and provide daycare for that, too). Please don't try to tell me you're so busy and important that you can't spare 2.75 hours once a month. And the shifts happen from 6am until late every day, so there's bound to be a block in there that works for you.2) Yes, most coops in the world do have member/nonmember prices and aren't so strict at the door. But if you've seen the prices, the crowds, and the lines at this coop, you wouldn't be surprised that they don't allow visitors to shop. For better or worse, this coop's kind of famous and kind of tiny. If they allowed nonmembers to shop, they'd have to a) move to a bigger space, b) hire more staff, and c) raise prices for members and nonmembers, thus voiding their mission statement. They would then effectively become Union Market or Whole Foods.It's fine to dislike this place because of rude people (it's still NYC), yuppies (it's still Park Slope), and exclusionist practices (it's not a grocery store), but if you like inexpensive, high-quality food, it's worth joining.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,4/21/2014,243,169,3,11,11>I have nothing but positive things to say about this gym. Oddly enough, there just aren't that many good, normal gyms in the East/Williamsburg area, so this filled a need. Even better, the gym actually rocks. 1. I've never found it to be particularly crowded, even on weekends.2. It's worth joining the gym to take Kyle's classes alone.3. The staff (Michael, the owner, in particular) is SO NICE. Email, call, chat with them about whatever you need.4. The equipment is clean, well-maintained and varied.What more can you ask for from a relatively affordable gym?
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,4/20/2014,162,141,4,7,5>I frequently come here drunk, or slightly tipsy, or on my way to getting drunk.  If that's how you arrive at The Meatball Shop, you'll never be disappointed.I always get the same thing, because it's never failed me.  Everything But the Kitchen Sink with Spicy Pork balls and either Pesto or Spicy Meat Sauce, add Family Jewels (fried egg).  It's fun and risky, since you never know what you're gonna get as far as the veggies are concerned.  But it's not really risky at all, because you know it will be amazing, fresh, and tasty.Whiskey, vanilla liqueur, root beer float for $7?  God yes.  I suppose we'll just keep this buzz going.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,4/19/2014,77,271,4,7,6>I loved this spot. Plenty of wine without being stuffy or pretentious, plus an equal amount of cocktails and beer for all tastes. It's a small, warm spot, and I love the weekly specials they have (like bring your own record night and all you can eat Mac and cheese night). Worth a venture out for and I'll absolutely be back for more.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,4/18/2014,267,351,3,10,9>Yay. I'm first!So apparently this is the Bushwick version of the LES' Welcome To The Johnson's, and it just opened in mid-December. I went here last Sunday because they had a sign outfront that said "liquid brunch." I'm apparently out of the loop because I found out that liquid brunch just means drink specials for the whole time, and doesn't actually offer food. In fact, this place doesn't have any real "food food," but they do have bar snacks, like the really good kettle chips, and some hard boiled eggs, and the like.It's essentially a divey cocktail spot, that brings the 70s back to life with it's decor. Since it was liquid brunch time, we got their $10 cocktails for $5, but they also had $3 wells and $2 beers too. Not bad from 1-9pm on a relatively snowy Sunday. There's also a pay to play pool table if you're in the mood...and a VERY cool outdoor area, that certainly wasn't being used because it's NYC and it's freezing, but I'm sure will be prime real estate come spring and summer time. The place is SUPER new too, it still has that new bar smell (the bathroom didn't even have a sign on it when i went) and a cool vibe to it. I like it. Check it out.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/17/2014,55,346,9,14,13>I am a lady of simple pleasures. One of these significant pleasures includes deliciousness, and Buttermilk Bakeshop definitely delivers in this department.As I eagerly awaited opening day like a complete bakery-nerd (not ashamed in the LEAST), I was surprised to find a mini line already forming roughly within the first 15 minutes of their opening day (a good sign, clearly!). Be forewarned that this bakeshop has absolutely no seating, and is really a grab-and-go countertop space. That said, you may want to bring a side of patience with you as they're still working out some service / system kinks (understandably, as they're brand spankin' new).There's a decent spread of sweet vs. savoury goodies to be had here, and I was informed by the head baker/owner that cakes/cupcakes typically roll out around noon. For the morning commuters hopping on the F/G line right next door, there's portable quiche, savoury and sweet croissants, and even full sized baguettes to nosh on while you are sandwiched awkwardly between total strangers on the train (hey, at least you can give em' food envy).I sampled: a parker house roll (75 cents for a good sized portion. lightly herbed, but not particularly outstanding per se. best to be paired with something else, perhaps eggs?), a biscotti with almonds and chocolate (very nice crumb, a bit on the sweeter side, would be great with some good black coffee), and a slice of honey loaf cake (the winner of my trio of treats. very delicious with a well-rounded sweetness and a touch of molasses flavouring).I'm excited to have yet another contender for my daily carbohydrate-and-sugar intake, and hope Buttermilk sticks around for the long haul!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,4/16/2014,222,375,6,12,9>1) Enter the crowded Parisian cafe meets local diner-esque space, gingerly walk past the rows of packed tables and busboys rushing to and fro, and sit down. Or do what we did and sit at the bar. Better view anyway.2) Order the pancakes.3) A plate containing the most suspiciously perfect pancakes you've ever seen will arrive shortly. 4) Push aside the fruit topping and marvel at the absolute roundness of each pancake's circumference and perfectly even, perfectly brown flat exterior. 5) Press your fork into the pancake to cut. Wow, is that a crispy crust outside? And what a steaming, fluffy inside! Is this a pancake or a pastry?6) Take a bite. Okay, AMAZING. Delicately sweet, airy, fluffy and not the least gummy or floury. Unlike most pancakes which become soggy in syrup, these pancakes retain their texture.7) Repeat step 6 until all that remains is a sticky plate.We also ordered a scrambled eggs with salmon dish but it was kinda meh. The eggs benedict plates looked pretty nice though. Service was harried but friendly. There was a constant queue of people the entire time we were there, though it didn't look like the wait was long.Cash only.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,4/15/2014,134,156,3,6,5>I can't believe I've lived in Williamsburg for 2 years and only just stopped in here for dinner. I actually live right around the corner so that's even worse huh? Oops! Well the BF surprised me and decided to take me out for spontaneous dinner on Thursday to celebrate some good news. We didn't have a reservation or anything but decided to take our chances. They also do this killer $30 pre fixe special during the week so it's worth coming then versus the weekend!Anyway, the host guy was shocked we didn't book a reservation and acted like the place was overfilled with guests and there was no way we could be accommodated. He asked us to wait a sec while he checked (and took a shot with a guest at the bar). So this wasn't the best first impression but luckily this was the ONLY part of the experience that wasn't great. Once we were seated the service was great. Our waiter seemed to be working all the tables and it actually was full except for 3 tables but he kept up well. We had the beef barley soup to start and it was amazingly delicious. The beef in it was perfectly cooked yummmm I'm hungry thinking about this dinner. We decided to try this sweet/spicy/smoky bacon starter too - you MUST order it. SO GOOD. We both had 8oz filet mignon that came with potatoes and either green beans or carrots. On special they had this wine listed on the menu for $55 for only $30 so we happy drank it up. The steak was well seasoned and cooked to perfection. For $30 this was amazing value. Definitely will be back!!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/14/2014,786,1284,7,14,7>NUT MILK. that is all.seriously, though- i'm super thankful to have such an awesome cafe in my hood. it's accommodating to vegans with many different milk options and baked goods. it's also a hub for The Loom- drink and relax inside in the cozy and warm cafe. do your work, have a meeting, chill out... or even better: hang out in the patio/garden outside during warmer months. i frikkin love it. cold brew coffee with almond milk is my go-to. love that they take credit cards. =)
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,9/24/2012,159,292,4,5,4>Obsessed. I want to eat here EVERY DAY. All I've gotten is chips and guac and chicken tacos with guac because they're guac is so beyond its bomb bomb guac-a-licious... Everything about this place is amazing. Don't ----- seriously don't ----- fall for the stupid steez big white mans prices being thrown up around sup bar tex mex BULLSHIT food at nearby hipster handouts such as Papcitos and Calexico. If you have a bike or even just legs - use them and make the trek up here for REAL CHEAP FRESH AUTHENTIC LOVING TRU GOOD HOOD MEXICAN food. Key word: fresh.Tons of food for very little money... Huge tacos.... Sodas in glass containers. Cash only. Beer.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,9/23/2012,440,260,4,8,7>It's summer and the heat makes me yearn for some nice, cool bivalves.  My search for a new oyster happy hour lead to Miller's Tavern.  It's a bit far from what I would consider my turf but a bus ride later, we were in north Williamsburg.  Ah, Williamsburg -- so many awkward mustaches, tattoos, and boat shoes.  But with those comes Miller's Tavern and its awesome happy hour!  From 4-8 everyday, oysters are $1, and not just Blue Points but various East and West Coast oysters of your choice!  And beer and wine are each half off.  So come here and it's possible to get a dozen oysters and a tall boy of Miller High Life for less than $15.  Yes, the beer selection is a bit sad but be consoled that they have at least a couple interesting choices like a dark German ale and there's always the ol' standby Hoegaarden.Aside from the happy hour menu, they also have a various cocktails for $10 and tempting dishes like Buffalo Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Bone Marrow.  I'm sure we'll be back soon to suck down some more oysters and taste what the kitchen has to offer!For a bit of fun, look inside one of their matchbooks.  Oh-la-la!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/22/2012,674,592,5,11,5>I enjoyed when I was 23.  I was young, glamourous....you might say even a "baller"; because only ballers say "supper" instead of simply "dinner".You will certainly be pleasantly surprised at this new up and coming restaurant/bar in Bay Ridge.  Completely family owned by the Kass family, you will receive a grand welcome upon your arrival, a table or booth (depending upon how naughty you want to be during your meal) adorned with clean, bold, and simple place settings in their highly sheek dining area, and a menu that literally lights up for the occasion!While the warm light blue glow illuminates your dinner choices from Kobe beef sliders (an absolute MUST!) to empanadas, a cocktail greatly compliments any choice that your savory palatte desires.  I settled on the Sili-tini ($12) that was a lemoncello mix to clean my flirty, dirty mouth prior to gracing it with their small plates.  My boyfriend, being the manly man he is, opted for the Blue Steel Martini ($14) that totally awoke my senses and made me realize how much more hungry I actually was!Being the indecisive and greedy couple that we are, we orders ONLY small plates:-2 orders of Kobe beef sliders, topped with a sweet baby pickle (I told you they're a must!; 2 per order)-1 order of cherizo empanadas with a drizzle of spicy mayo sauce (2 per order)-1 order of Not your Nana's meatballs (they are pretty damn close though!; 5 per order)- 1 order of 5 spice baby ribs (5 per order)Whether you want to dress it up or keep it simply sweatpants, this place makes you feel you're in Manhattan!  The candles lit on the tables and around the perimeter of the room give it a very intimate feel, while the tiled walls show careful addition to detail and good use of space.  Beautiful meal, surrounded by beautiful people and a caring staff....I feel 23 again!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,9/21/2012,51,195,3,8,3>My meal at Traif was lifechanging. My (very very smart) boyfriend took me here for our one-year anniversary. He called ahead for a reservation, and mentioned on the phone that it was our special night. The host, manager, our waitress, and another random waitress all wished us "Happy anniversary" at different points in the night.The atmosphere inside is intimate and buzzing, with a sort of industrial exposed-brick-exposed-beam-exposed-kitchen vibe. It's fun to watch them cook while you wait for the restroom. The garden in back is really cute, but we sat inside. Our waitress was super enthusiastic, friendly, and generally perfect. She had extensive at-hand knowledge of the wine list, never missing a beat as we asked her about four or five wines. She described them in depth, and let us taste a few before deciding which glasses we would order.My boyfriend and I are a waiter's allergy nightmare, as I am allergic to all dairy and he is allergic to some legumes, as well as cooked fish (but raw is fine? don't ask. however if you are a yelp-ophile allergist reading this and have any idea what is going on please tell us because it's the mystery of the century). Our server reviewed everything on the menu with the chef for us, finding out which allergens were present in what, and came back and circled all of the dishes we could both eat. It was very kind of her, and really indicates the Traif staff's willingness to go above and beyond.For wine, we ordered a glass of the rose and a glass of the German Gysler. They were both refreshing and crisp, good accompaniments to the rich food.We ordered the following dishes (and these 5 were exactly enough for the two of us sharing).-Arugula and berry salad (blackberries, raspberries, pomegranates soaked in some kind of wine) with possibly pomegranate vinaigrette? Very refreshing salad.-Mixed green salad with port cherries, almonds, bacon, and truffle vinaigrette. this was REALLY truffly. In an excellent way.-Spicy, bigeye tuna, tempura japanese eggplant, kecap manis. Served as four small discs of tempura eggplant each topped with a heap of chopped raw tuna and delightful spices/sauce/something. I think the kecap manis was a sort of molasses. This dish was a great transition into the heavier fare.-FAVORITE: Seared foie, fingerlings, ham chips, sunny egg, maple, hot sauce. LISTEN TO ME: This dish is life-changing. And I don't even like liver normally! You will actually never be the same after you try this. You will now put maple syrup and hot sauce on EVERYTHING YOU EAT. You will crave seared foie gras at all times. I can't describe the succulent amazing combination of seared fatty liver, sweet maple, crunchy ham, tangy hot sauce, you'll just have to come here and order it yourself. -Strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back pork ribs. Comes with four meaty ribs, and this sauce is absolutely phenomenal. The very unusual combination works so perfectly.They also started us with complimentary watermelon gazpacho, and I don't even like gazpacho normally but I was in love with it here. They also brought out chunks of watermelon with pomegranate molasses and lime zest as a complimentary dessert at the end.Traif, thank you for making our anniversary dinner so special. Everyone on Yelp: do yourself a favor and eat at Traif as soon as humanly possible.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/20/2012,22,63,14,8,6>In my continuing mission to boldly go to every Cafe Grumpy in the city, I had my helmsman lay in a course for Diamond and Meserole, through the McGuinness nebula. Greenpoint. Warp 9, engage. "Captain, none of the controls are responding.""It's the G train ensign. It sucks."Nerd moment aside, I'm firmly convinced that Grumpy is among the best coffee in the city, if not the best. But only the Greenpoint location pays more than lip service to comfort or space, the others being basically coffee stalls. This Grumpy is bright, low key, and deceptively large with impressive amenities like seats and public bathrooms. The tradeoff for all this is a not inconsiderable walk from the justly maligned G train, across crusty and fugly McGuinness boulevard. No joke, I passed a guy on my way who was listening to music from a tiny netbook tucked into the crotch of his pants. Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Williamsburg anymore. It's the new boombox on the shoulder (seriously, someone buy this guy an iPod, think of the [his future] children). But once you get there, the neighborhood gets quietly busy and beautiful. This Grumpy gets love from a wide range of mid twenties to thirties hipsters, freelancers, and locals. Inside you'll find communal and private tables, free wi-fi, outlets, reasonably friendly baristas, and that coffee. I had a pour over cup of the Honduras, which is ridiculous at 3.75, but less ridiculous than the Rwandan, which at 6 dollars better paint your house too. But the flavor profile said "peach" and I tasted peach, with flavors so strong I start to think maybe these baristas aren't full of it and maybe I don't have the taste buds of a clam. Suitably caffeinated, and having taken enough advantage of their hospitality, I headed back. Ensign, take us out.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,9/18/2012,46,144,,6,4>This was one of the most delicious, subtle, interesting, attentive meals I've ever had!Highly recommend.We had:1. the oysters (so fresh and the light sauce they come with was perfectly prepared),2. the ricotta and honey crostini (perfectly prepared, the honey was just subtle enough to enhance the flavor of the ricotta, but not overwhelm),3. the leeks with almonds (I was worry about the almond part of this dish, but they were whole, not sliced, and perfectly seasoned, the leeks were soft and juicy and flavorful)4. the scallops, oh the scallops, those big fat juicy slightly toasted on the outside, and perfectly delicate and soft, but cooked on the inside ... if you are a scallop-chaser, such as myself, you must eat here. And the sauce and baby carrots were incredible.5. date cake with cream fraiche ice-cream (you would never believe this was date-cake. I didn't expect to like it, and ended up loving it).Score for individual French-press coffee!!The plant wall and overall decor may have contributed to my LOVING the food. The Hostest is incredibly knowledgeable on the wine list, ask her to assist in ordering!!I can't wait to eat here again ...
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,9/17/2012,43,100,4,6,7>Nestled in an emerging genre of recovered public spaces taking styles from dilapidated parking lots, endless construction jobs and grassy, halcyon fields, East Rive State Park provides a respite from city life while also offering one of the best free views of it around. I like this place whole bunches. It's not the best park in town but it's the closest to me, and there's just enough of a sea breeze smell on a windy day to make it feel like I've escaped both from Manhattan and its Williamsburg extension. It's at its best during the daytime. If you arrive before 11am on a weekend, the place is entirely yours. If you arrive after 1pm, you'll notice quite a crowd. On the summer days hipsters, Polish grandmothers and even the occasional Hasidic family will be out to catch some sun. Tourists and locals often come to take photos for their Facebook profiles - the skyline is muted by the distance, haze, and smog, and perfectly placed to bring out the most important part of any photo, your face. Bring a blanket if you want to lie around, the geese have marked territory everywhere. I feel bad for the cityfolk who don't know any better before they take a seat. Aside from the geese being bothersome, so are the frequently bored park rangers. They're well meaning but sometimes get all up in your space. You're not allowed to take photos here without a permit - it's a State Park - and the rangers enforce this at their discretion. The bigger your camera, the more likely it is you'll get the boot. It depends on the mood they're in.Also consider that you can't bring your dog in (you shouldn't, the social overload isn't fair to the pup and, thusly, the public), and can't ride your bike through. Chain the bicycle to the racks near the entrance. BBQ grills are only allowed on the concrete, erm, mesa thing. Since it's a NY State park, technically you can't spit, throw stones, make "unreasonable noise", gamble or tell fortunes.The park does close early, roughly at sunset, but the (solar powered) lighting system they're installing suggests that things may be afoot for an extension to traipsing times. Irrevlevant anecdote: I once helped the park rangers not set someone's pet freshwater turtle free into the briny East River. The poor little Red-eared Slider didn't have a chance but they were really trying to get the thing to swim out to sea. Eventually it (a she, I think) went home with one of the rangers.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,9/16/2012,376,328,2,7,5>If it wasn't for Yelp, I definitely would not have been able to find this hidden gem, among the masses of Mexican restaurants in Sunset Park.Not only were their food delicious and fresh, but it was also very affordable and their service and staff were friendly and fast. Going here was certainly a good choice!I ended up ordering their Churrasco (skirt steak) Ranchero ($13) and boy was it GOOOOOOD!! My rice was fluffed perfectly, while my skirt steak was grilled medium well, which made the texture of my protein taste nice and soft and help accentuate it's flavor and taste. Best of all, my food was not overly salted and still had enough flavor to make my dish savory and satisfying.  I definitely would come back here again and recommend it to anyone who is looking for good authentic Mexican cuisine!!!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,9/15/2012,244,382,7,7,6>My new favorite neighborhood inebriation wagon. That's what I call bars now. Inebriation wagon. It'll catch on, just you wait. Still waiting.While we're waiting, I suppose I can clue you in as to why I love duckduck. I will make a list to make it easier on y'all:1. The name. I love ducks. 2. The happy hour special. When you walk into this place, you don't necessarily assume it's going to be a dive: there are well mixed specialty drinks, sharply dressed Bushwick-ites, and a warm and inviting environment that doesn't necessarily scream "our-bathroom-reeks-of-stale-beer-urine-and-­unshowered-patrons". Then you realize they're slinging Rolling Rock (on tap), cans of Lionshead, and some of the bath-tubbiest tasting well drinks you've ever had as 2-for-1 specials. 3. The decor is actually really cute. Rustic, unfinished wood, mismatched furniture, and cute little school desks (that are not really accommodating to those of us over 5'7...I mean really, my legs were too damn long..) adorn the place, complimented by dim lighting, velvet curtains, and if it's nice out, natural light from Montrose Ave.4. Bartenders don't have a 'tude, they're not 'too cool for you', and they make decent, heavy handed drinks. And they don't judge me when I order Rolling Rock.....cause sometimes you're just craving something watery with notes of alfalfa spouts and urine....
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,9/14/2012,19,82,,9,6>Maimonide is a dream come true! I suffer from that terrible fate of a gluten intolerance, and I so miss the bread. Maimonide came to the rescue by offering these amazing sandwich/pizza boats filled with deliciousness and available gluten-free.The space itself is lovely. It's bright and beautiful, with lots of candles and quite charm. The waitstaff are dapper and charming, and just there when you need them. I also love that their tables have these secret drawers in them (look for them!). We tried the yucca fries which were delicious. But, by far the best at our table was the  Iron Man, an amazing blend of kale, shitakes, and spicy aioli. It really doesn't get better than this. Maumonide is a place that vegans and gluten-free folks will rave about, but the delicious food will leave everyone very very happy.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,12/21/2013,262,484,3,5,3>My boyfriend, our friends, and I have made a lot of visits to Munchies Cafe in the past month. We have been coming here mostly on Saturday nights after dinner. There's a new menu which includes a BBQ section, Hong Kong style munchies, cold dishes, tong sui (hot or cold), pudding, and a lot more. There's one or two extra people working at Munchies Cafe now and I noticed the service is a lot faster.  Papaya Sago with Grass Jelly - This looked really good on their display and I've tried it twice so far and I absolutely love it. There's a layer of pureed papaya, sago, grass jelly, and chunks of papaya. It's really refreshing and truly papaya heaven.Mix Fruit with Grass Jelly - This was another dessert I saw on their display that made me drool. First of all, I love fruits and secondly, I love grass jelly. Perfect combination. It's mix fruit (mango, honeydew, cantaloupe, pineapple, and papaya) mixed with chunks of grass jelly in a lightly sweetened coconut milk and sago. It's really a great combination of colors, textures, and flavor. This is one of my favorite desserts at Munchies cafe.Mario Brothers with Red Bean & Coconut Ice Cream and Papaya - I've heard this is a popular menu item, so decided to give it a shot. You can basically order two scoops of ice cream and one fruit topping of your choice. Red bean and coconut ice cream were a great choice. There's also coconut milk that is the base too. Truly a creamy and delicious delight.I must admit Munchies cafe is now one of my favorite dessert spots. It's not overly expensive and the desserts are always prepared fresh and tasty.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,12/20/2013,486,517,19,17,18>Have you ever found yourself winning free brunch tickets after tying in trivia and forced to have a dance off, in which you strip, for the win? No?!?! Well then you haven't lived life my friend.Yes I know taking my clothes off was a cheap way to win but times are hard and a free brunch is a free brunch, actually two free brunches.The brunches are great here. Gravy, biscuits, eggs and home fries are my favorite but in all honesty you can't go wrong for brunch. First drink is at menu price but after that it's only a dollar more each one. Bloody Mary's can be made by yourself at the Bloody Mary bar. They also are willing to make screwdrivers for you, if you ask nice. Another thing I did not mention in my first review is the awesome live music they play here. It kicks ass. Kinda small in the back but if you get here when it's not packed you'll enjoy yourself. Branded you earned your fifth star.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,12/19/2013,188,214,11,10,10>Post another successful Yelp Event coordinated, executed and destroyed by Peter D. there is no other way to celebrate than stumble/run/gallop/take nearest means of transportation to another alcoholic establishment to continue eating and drinking to prolong my drunken stupor. Infringing upon Sara S. (we love you very much btw) dinner plans with a close and personal friend, a few of us decided to lively up her evening and join her and I'm very glad we did. James is hidden among the brownstones in the heart of Prospect Heights and it's a place I've never heard of. Reminiscent of several restaurants in Park Slope (but NOT in Park Slope), James was fairly packed for a Monday night. THE GOOD: Cocktails here are A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Scroll through the list, have one of each or just drown yourself in the Mae buck. A lovely and delicious drink composed of scotch, lime, chili pepper, ginger beer, and bitters. These guys know what they're doing. For dinner, I had the pan roasted chicken breast with braised thighs, glazed radish, and mustard greens. The chicken was perfectly cooked, tender and very, VERY moist. So succulent, full of flavor and even the broth/sauce that surrounded the chicken was so good. I wanted to lick and savor every drop so badly, I tried to scoop and sponge it all up with the radish and greens. Undoubtedly, I failed but it was worth a try. Might as well, right?!For dessert, our party of 4 shared the chocolate espresso terrine topped with hazelnuts and peanut butter ice cream AND the lemon ricotta cheesecake complemented with brandied cherries and cherry bitters creme. I wasn't prepared for all the flavors that ejaculated into every corner of my mouth. THE  BAD: Waiting for a table, I also had to wait like 20 minutes for four cocktails standing at the bar. Once again, they're not bartenders, they'e mixologists (Just breathe). THE UGLY: Chris D. and I really need to stop closing out restaurants. I don't know if this is a good or bad thing but might as well, right?!Definitely a must return spot over the weekend although I'm sure it gets really crowded. Special thanks to Sara S. for letting us her crash her dinner party. If not, I would have not known about the wonders and delicacies that James laid before me that evening.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,12/18/2013,59,42,3,7,4>Just got back from checking out Sacred and OMG am I excited to have possibly found my new gym/source of fitness. The girl in the front was super helpful & efficient, when I asked about a size in pants she brought out the whole box and double checked to see if they had my size. My first class was HOTMESS and it was hot alright, the temperature was high, and I got a workout. I just got home and I am still sweating, let it burn baby! I am going to try to beginners pole dance tomorrow and couldn't be more excited. The studio is a good size and it is very functional - and I get to use the brand spanking new showers. I couldn't be more pleased Sacred, can't wait to experience more!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/17/2013,136,226,3,4,3>Absolutely love these people!Just got my first winter coat in a million years here and it's amazing. They walked me through all the options and supported me through my indecisiveness. A few days after I got the coat, I was at Champs Junior and got buffalo sauce all over my sleeve. I spoke with someone at the store on the phone and she guided me through cleaning it with soap and water. Super patient and the advice worked! The coat, as it turns out, is machine washable, but the spot treatment worked great!A few days after that, the button came off on the hood. As someone who definitely has no idea how to sew anymore (sew well at least!), I was in a little bit of a panic. My fears were quelled when I saw on the FAQ section of the site that they do FREE repairs for life! That adds so much value to this already awesome coat. I brought it over there and they fixed my coat in an hour. Can't wait to buy more awesome vegan and eco-friendly clothing here :)
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,12/16/2013,198,599,4,10,4>Oh holy mother of everything cheese.  This spot is like a dream.Walking by it looks like any ol' shop you would find in the city.  But as soon as that door opens and that ahh mazing smell hits you- fuggetaboutit.This shop is beautiful, aside from the monster cheese case in the back they've got this white/glass/reclaimed wood thing going on.  And should you want to hang and grab a bite to eat they've got lovely high top reclaimed wood tables up front. The staffers were super nice and offered me up what felt like an endless supply of cheese samples.  In reality it was like 3 samples and damn were they good.  I asked the gal behind the counter if I could try something that I'd probably never heard of.  She smiled and handed me a little slice of the most delicious creamy nutty cheese from some tiny town in Europe.  And that girl knew her cheese- she explained origin, process, etc and I just stood there with a dumb look on my face b/c well - I like cheese.  She was awesome though, after I came to she offered up a couple other samples- an amazing parm and a goat cheese that was just so. freakin'. good.Loved the vibe in this shop, loved the staff, loved the cheese.  There is a full menu behind the counter of sandwiches, and baked goods to order up.  As well as plenty of specialty oils, mustards, boxes of cookies, and bags of candy. Next time I'm in the neighborhood I'm stopping by for lunch, goshdarnit, and maybe some snacks to take home.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/15/2013,255,1002,5,6,6>Yes Yes Yes! Came for dinner. Wild boar pappardelle was everything I had hoped for in a pappardelle. Perfect portion size, pasta cooked perfectly, and excellent meat. Then I ate the apple crumble with creme fraiche ice cream and had a Meg Ryan moment. Also, try the Collette ale. No relation to the cafe, but it was phenomenal. It's a wheat beer for people who don't like wheat beer... if that makes sense.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/14/2013,175,329,6,8,6>My 300th review! If you need a fish sauce wings fix* but don't want to wait for a table, WSL to the rescue! Five of us were able to get a seat immediately on a Tuesday night. We had some of their yummy drinking vinegar cocktails and split a few orders of wings and some other dishes, all of which were great. The menu is much smaller than Pok Pok's, but not really that limiting unless you want noodle dishes which they do not have here. But if you want some drinks and those oh-so-addictive spicy wings (because let's face it, even though you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, what else do you really need?) go here to relaxedly stuff your face. I love taking the chicken off the bones to make lettuce wraps with the basil, mint, and cucumbers that come on the plate. I can only imagine that this is the intended purpose of such accoutrements, but my friends seemed to think (not for the first time, of course) that i was a genius and all followed suit. Soooo yummy!  Oh Red Hook, why are you so far away? *If you haven't even tried the fish sauce wings yet, get thee to a Pokery immediately!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,12/13/2013,187,361,,6,1>This place is a great and welcome addition to the neighborhood! I feel like it's too good to be true... The kind of place I love to see busy so I know it will stand a chance of sticking around. First of all ~ their fresh squeezed juice! I am so happy to have a place that has healthy fruit and veggie juice for - wait for it--- two bucks for a small and three for a 16 oz large. Are you joking??? It's a dollar extra if you want pineapple or orange. They have things like carrot, beet, kale, ginger, parsley etc. it's so good and I can't believe the price.They have prepared food like sandwiches and sushi as well as fresh produce. I had an egg sandwich this morning and it was awesome, especially the roll it was on. The staff is so nice and they are working on getting their shelves stocked up. It's open 24 hours too.I love orange tree organic. Please stick around , we need you!!!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,12/12/2013,619,418,2,10,8>If you're in Williamsburg and jonesing for delicious cocktails and fancy appetizers, this is your place. But, be warned, this place isn't your typical "gin & tonic" & "beer on tap" bar (although they do have some good beers on tap)... this is where you'll wanna splurge a bit and try one of their mixologist's many drink concoctions. They are all unique, tasty, and strong!!! In other words, if you like fancy, prohibition era drinks, this is your place! Oh, and you must try the New Ceremony (it's stirred with a large rock). This drink features rye, grapefruit liqueur, byrrh, dry vermouth, aperol, orange bitters.... yum, but not made for the weak =) As for food, I didn't try any of their appetizers, but they have a chef who's behind the bar stationed in front of a griddle making up fancy apps right before your eyes! If I had not eaten already, I would have been pouncing on the Angostura Meatballs! Next time, next time.....The ambience of Dram is what I call modern rustic--in other words, there's a great deal of planked wood and stainless steel going on... but it's quite inviting. Also, the staff are super nice and accommodating! The only thing to be cautious of at Dram are the crowds; the place gets super busy on the weekends.Note: Be sure to check out their Bartender's Choice special... you name your spirit and whether you want it stirred, shaken, or refreshing... then let the magic happen.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/21/2014,106,82,8,10,8>I am obsessed with their spinach pies. I am clutching one in my hand as I write this. My phone is greasy but I don't care. These pies are soft fluffy pitas wrapped around savory vinegary spinach, that toast to perfection and make a perfect snack or light lunch for just $2. I buy in bulk and freeze them, lest I eat them all on the spot. Their pita bread is amazing and cheap (bag of 6 for $1). Pita chips with thyme and olive oil, as well as baba ganush are pretty good too. The baklava looks great and I will be sure to try some soon. But for me it's all about THOSE PIES.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,8/20/2014,143,120,7,7,6>Hear me out : This is the best cold cut sandwich spot in south Brooklyn. In my honest opinion, I think this is one of the best hero shops in New York City and it's a textbook hidden gem . It's technically a meat shop, with the sandwich component being secondary, but me and my best friend have been coming here since we were wee lads. I had my first sandwich from John's 11 years ago and I've been getting the same one since. It's a low-key neighborhood spot that has the same returning clientele for years. John is a big sports guy and always nice to chat with. Even though I've gotten the same sandwich most of the time, the few times I've mixed it up with something else have always been good. We get sandwiches here for hiking, road trips, good days, bad days or when the mood strikes. The other day after getting a sandwich from a known hero shop in the area, I went to Johns to compare later that week, asking for the same exact hero.  There was not much to compare; John's was the clear winner (mainly to the credit of the neat build and better bread) at a much more sensible price.  The meat here is also of a fantastic quality and when I bought beef here, even though they didn't label it as such, John said it was from a kosher supplier. I don't eat kosher, nor does a kosher supplier make the product kosher by the time it gets to you, but something possibly worth nothing. Since meat here is little more expensive, I buy it for special occasions and barbecues. The difference in the ground beef and steaks is noticeable from the regular supermarket varieties, and people tend to clamor over what comes off the grill as if I did something special with it. Quality products will take you a long way. As a bonus, I'll share my go-to sandwich with you. Roast beef (they do roast beef in champion fashion), mozz, roasted pepper, lettuce, tomato, oil, vinegar with mustard. Some prefer mayo. Once you try this, there's no going back. Fair warning.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/19/2014,136,150,3,3,3>If you're either dumb* or rich (or both) enough to own a Mercedes in Brooklyn, you have your choice of two places to take your vehicle for maintenance and repairs:1. The dealership2. Kraft German AutoKraft is by far the better option. Experienced, personable, fast and reliable, owner Steve and his team live, breathe and bleed Mercedes and only Mercedes. You'll pay half as much as you would at the dealership for twice the experience.One time, I drove out of Kraft, engine purring, and passed a car graveyard not too far from the shop. In it was a Mercedes that looked just like mine, except it was dilapidated from bumper to bumper. I took one look at my clean dashboard that Kraft had just wiped down, and I remembered why I take my car there.If you own a Mercedes in Brooklyn, take it to Kraft.  *the category I fall into
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,8/18/2014,150,173,3,6,5>Cocoa grinder is a tiny, hole-in-the-wall health food joint right off the 86th street shopping district on fourth avenue and 86th street. This place is exactly what I would've wanted, way back when I worked in this area. They carry soy milk AND almond milk (huge plus in my book) though they do not carry avocados. Apparently avocado doesn't do well in this location - go figure. The place is tiny, so it's really mainly for ordering out but there is a narrow bar alongside the wall with 3 high chairs and very little elbow room for anything else except to enjoy a smoothie or a muffin and window watch. The counter person seems extremely indifferent but she made my smoothie well and wished me a nice day so I'm not deducting any stars for lack of zeal. All in all this is a good smoothie joint with health fare like eggs, fresh juices, protein shakes, wraps and paninis, in addition to an array of assorted baked goods like raisin bran, chocolate chip and banana nut muffins. This shall be my go to lunch spot when in shopping sprees in the area.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,8/17/2014,40,338,3,8,4>Chayhana Salom had the disadvantage of being the second stop on a Sheepshead Bay double-header with Cafe Glechik across the street. I was trying to make the long journey out to these parts worthwhile, but the net result was that I wound up stuck in a chair for nearly an hour after the meal, trying to decipher Uzbek pop videos, stomach bulging out of my mid-section while attempting to digest copious about amounts of meat.None of this Chayana's fault, except for that the unusually large menu of Central Asian choices left far too much temptation to over-order. Uzbek cuisine, if not exactly on every corner, is pretty well represented in southern and eastern Brooklyn, enough that there's room to make comparisons on the individual offerings of the restaurant rather than the cuisine itself. We focused partially on food not easily found elsewhere in the city. We started with a mash-up of a soup, the chuchvara in laghman sauce. As the name suggests, the red oily accompaniment for the ubiquitous noodle dish of the Steppe was used here as a slightly sour base for small dumplings. These chuchvara were slightly smaller than the average pelmeni and tasted roughly the same. The soup isn't as spicy when served over pasta and had a flavor not too dissimilar from solyanka, a workaday soup popular in Greater Russia.We also nibbled on a chicken samsa, a common dish here filled with an uncommon protein, and also some pretty straightforward manti. Everything was done well and there were a wide variety of dishes available - not a guarantee at a small family run establishment like this. Let me dial that praise up a bit - I think this is the best Uzbek restaurant in the City at the moment. I'm ready, after just one visit, to hand over the crown from the long-time champion, Cafe Kashkar. With plenty of options for the both the first-time and long-time Central Asian dinner, and the friendly staff and wonderful English menu, this place should be the first stop for those interested in the cuisine of Tashkent.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,8/16/2014,241,303,2,6,5>This is the hot dog/ sausage capital of Brooklyn.Low on cash, only a few minutes for lunch, starving? This is your place to handle all those needs. This place gives you a hot dog/ spicy sausage cheap, fast, and with toppings....i mean you'll be in and out before you can count your change.The guys behind the counter understand that you're not there to socialize, so they do their best to get you fed and get you out...no complaints here.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,8/15/2014,247,95,4,8,3>I made an appointment for a paraffin treatment, gel manicure and boutique manicure. I was greeted by Jessica, the receptionist. She was very nice and friendly. The customer service was exceptional. I chose from a plethora of nail polish colors. The green OPI was very sexy I had to use it on my toes. My gel manicure was beautiful. It was my first gel manicure ever and I did extensive research on it. So I chose the Essie gel in baby blue and it was very beautiful. The woman (didn't get her name) did a great job. The mimosa was very tasty as well. Another woman did my design and it was beautiful. My pedicure went well and the paraffin treatment helped a lot. The woman did an awesome job but the nail polish was a very summer-ish looking color. Will I be back? Yes.Will I try the gel pedicure? Yes.Will I support this black owned business? Yes.I spent $60 plus a tip at the end as well.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/14/2014,48,103,10,8,8>The much-anticipated ice cream event of the summer! At least, that's how I thought of this location's opening - I don't get out a lot, ok?Yes, it is pricey. Yes, it is worth it. To have that sweet, delicious mint chocolate flake close enough to my house to not make dropping by here a big commute, that's entirely worth it.The new place is super clean, with very friendly decor. Staff a little less so (less friendly, no less clean!), but in fairness, they were swamped. They did get me through the line pretty quickly! I'm stoked to have this here, and I look forward to heading back!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/13/2014,129,217,2,6,7>I was uncertain about Mayfield when it first opened on this end of Franklin Ave but I'll eat my skepticism al dente with asparagus cream sauce and admit this place is really, really good. We dined on the burger ($15 with a huge mount of shoestring fries) and the aforementioned handmade tagliatelle with asparagus cream sauce and were pretty stuffed and happy with quality versus cost. Pro tip: DON'T get the burger with all the toppings. Once we got everything on the burger - the bleu cheese, bacon, and fried egg took over the flavor of the perfectly cooked, juicy meat.Dinner on a Wednesday night had no wait but the large dining space was surprisingly full - it looks like a nice place for large parties.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,8/12/2014,25,154,7,4,3>This place scores big points for such a knowledgeable staff that points you in the right direction, not necessarily to the highest price!  Every time I've gone in, I'm greeted with genuine smiles and an eagerness to help.  Their selection is insane - anything you could ever possibly want is there.  If they don't have it, you don't need it.You could seriously walk in there with any request - "I need a white wine that will get me laid tonight!" or "Do you have something that will impress a mother-in-law?" or even "I'd like to buy some cheap swill that will give my friends instant diarrhea" - and you will walk out with exactly what you came there for.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,6/11/2013,49,221,3,10,7>Lightning strikes twice only four doors down on S. 4th Street.  The food at both Traif and its new sister restaurant Xixa (pronounced Shiksa, as in the ever so slightly condescending Yiddish word for non-Jewish young girl) are both some of the most innovative in Brooklyn, heck, in NYC, and I daresay the Western Hemisphere.  It was with great anticipation that we walked into Xixa, having had a love affair with Traif for the past few years.  How would it compare?  Let me tell you boychick, Shayna Medelas and all you goys and shiksas out there, Xixa is superb.Whereas Traif leans toward glorification of the pig flesh, Xixa is more of a Traif meets haute Mexican cuisine with traces of Thai, Chinese, French and several other world cultures mixed in.  Less of an emphasis on pork, though the Carnitas was sublime.Nice vibe, more laid back than Traif, lower noise level, nicely lit and designed--still with the Billyburg feel, but a bit more upscale, and without the open kitchen.Small plates, and some of the standouts include:- Braised duck in lettuce leaf, so succulent and tasty- The grilled carrot elote blew me away. This has got to be one of the best dishes I've had in a long time. Long slender steamed and grilled carrots with a crema and cheese.  So, so, so delicious! - The corn flan tamale with blue crab changed my life for the better.- The beef tartare taco with fresh bone marrow.- Foi Gras with pineapple is outstanding.- Rice and beans (definitely not typical).- The drunken shrimp in any other restaurant would be a standout, but is the mere mortal here. Very good, but not insanely terrific like all the other dishes.- Excellent scallop cevice.- Delicious guacamole with rice crisps and vegetables.Dessert only gets better:- Salted churros with passion fruit crema and jalapeño sorbet- A "sundae" with banana and peanut flavor-The pumpkinseed cake was so flavorful, it left me wondering how the brainchild and chef behind such incredible food can coax such flavors.No cocktails, but instead an excellent wine list (many by the glass). And a top selection of mezcals. I couldn't help but try the duck fat rendered mezcal. It's served with fried duck fat and you pop a few granules in your mouth, followed by a sip of tequila, followed by a small slice of grapefruit.  Oh yes.Be sure Xixa is on your short list, and very high up.  There's no sign on the door, it's practically under the Williamsburg Bridge on ramp, a few doors down from Traif, and perhaps one of the best new restaurants in NYC. Oh, and excellent prices for such food mastery.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,6/10/2013,90,266,6,8,7>Living near Torst is both a blessing and curse. I'm so happy to live so close to a bar that will most likely be voted best in the city before the end of the year, however I'll be spending way too much time here and my wallet and waistline are definitely going to suffer!  Torst, with its recent opening, is already a popular bar so you'll have to fight your way through the crowds of young beer enthusiasts to get to their long, lovely marble bar and order one of the 21 draft beers or numerous, unique bottles they have available.  It's a gorgeous space with lots of wood and white marble.  Tables all around will be crowded with groups of friends sharing sips of beer, all nodding their head in agreement that yes, this place is indeed beer heaven.I have no idea how they have the selection of draft beers that they do, but holy smokes!!  My fiance was stupefied to learn they had Cantillon on draft.  He went to the freaking brewery in Belgium and they didn't even have beer on draft.  Truly unbelievable what they have available, so much so that we went back the next day just to try something new.  The bartenders are extremely helpful and really know what they're talking about.  Although its crowded, you can tell they want to get to everyone as quickly as possible.  They offer samples to help you with your selection, but I definitely trust them and loved all their recommendations. Most selections have either a small 8oz pour or the larger 12 oz pour, all of which is served in a nice wine glass.  Talk about classy...It isn't cheap to drink here, but then again most of the beer is imported and nearly impossible to get anywhere else, so yeah I get the price tag.  Just hoping they offer a happy hour in the future so I can try more options.  For now I'm content with my one or two glasses of something special.  So happy to welcome another amazing beer bar in the hood.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/9/2013,55,346,3,8,4>I made the brisk walk over to Bagel World on a rainy Sunday and am happy to report the trip was well worth it! I'm on a mission to sample all of the popular bagel spots around my home (which is unfortunately many, so I have to be a little conservative about carb consumption!) and this place is definitely one of the top contenders. I sampled the cookies & creme cream cheese (just OK, a bit bland), and the cinnamon walnut raisin (amazing, but very sweet and decadent!), and had to resist the urge to sample EVERY flavour they had (which are all unique and amazing sounding!). I settled on a french toast bagel with a side of cinnamon walnut raisin cream cheese (brilliance), and also grabbed a jalapeno bagel for later.Sadly the jalapeno bagel fell a little flat (needs way more peppers and maybe a little salt or something?) but the french toast bagel was warm and delicious right out of the oven.Thankfully this place is juuuuuuust far enough so I won't be tempted to go every morning, but it's definitely a treat destination. The staff is super friendly and they rotate some fun specials/seasonal items!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,6/8/2013,34,85,4,10,5>Top-notch quality pizza with great backyard seating.I didn't expect this place to challenge my favorite pizza place (Sottocasa), but it totally stood up to the challenge. (I learned after that chef Roberto previously worked at Sottocasa, which makes sense because the pizza tastes incredibly authentic Italian.)We ordered the DOC and the Biancaneve (both Old World) and devoured every last bite. The sea salt on the Biancaneve gives the cherry tomatoes a great kick, and the entire pizza sits atop a light drizzle of olive oil (yum!).Finally, I love when a pizza is so well-made that the crust itself is almost as good as the rest of pizza. The crust is soft, fluffy, and has an actual flavor, which really sets this place apart from many of its competitors.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,6/7/2013,231,165,9,8,7>Like many other reviewers of Galapagos, I was first introduced to the space via Nerd Nite, which is a monthly event that combines learning nerdy things with drinking dirty* things. What more could you possibly ask for on a Friday night in Brooklyn?! I've been to Nerd Nite a few times, and have had a blast. Nothing beats paying 10 bucks to learn about three intellectually stimulating, bizarrely unrelated topics that you would never really think to look into otherwise. For example, one Friday night included me learning the basics of Photoshop, the history of acapella, and sitting through a slideshow of space-related road side art in America. Um, YES PLEASE to all of that. Who ever said that 10 bucks can't buy you the world?Nerd Nite's website describes their events as "The Discovery Channel...with beer!", but I'd like to think that it's more like "TEDTalks...with beer", or even "a-less-elite-version-of-NPR...with beer". I'm sorry, but I have to stray away from the Discovery Channel references. Nothing in this world can be compared to Shark Week. Not even Nerd Nite.Sometimes, Nerd Nite has pre-presentation events, which are, you guessed it, events before the nerdy presentations start. They often have trivia, which I've never been to, and speed dating, which I have been to**. Definitely worth checking out, especially if you're single and on the prowl.As for the space, it is GORGEOUS. And oh so sexy. So much red. So many candles. Comfy couches. An indoor balcony. Tables surrounded by lakes. I want to get married here. Seriously. All of that red will look really classy as a backdrop to my future wife's virgin-white wedding dress. ___*Martinis, anyone?**Just don't tell anyone. Speed dating is for the lonely and the desperate, and I like to convince myself that I've never been either.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,6/6/2013,198,599,3,3,3>Purfect score for a purfect meal at Purbird.First up was the Chicken Pie {chicken, veggies and special sauce wrapped in phyllo, $5.50}.  The pie itself was awesome.  I was a bit worried it would be dry, as it looked like it was mostly dough-  that thought dissipated as soon as I took my first bite.  Purfectly flaky, proportioned right, and all around creamy deliciousness.  The menu says "hand held" implying that you could take it to go and eat/walk.  I don't recommend that - with the mixture inside one bite and you'd be wearing it. I think plate & fork is the way to go.  Hubs decided to try the Chicken Breast Sandwich {grilled chicken breast, avocado, turkey bacon, lettuce, tomato and mayo on a toasted roll, $7.95} and didn't waste any time diving in.  The sandwich was a bit larger than either of us thought it would be and the chicken was seasoned and grilled up very nicely and was still juicy when it came out.  I don't think you could ask for anything more in a chicken sandwich.Sides came next- we opted to go all-carb and try the Jalapeno Mashed {original mashed served with jalapeno puree, $5.50} and the Mac & Cheese {made to order with three cheeses, $7.00}.  Both were outstanding.  Taters were super creamy and I loved the jalapeno puree.  If you like a little bit of heat you have to try these!  The mac was totally cheesy and didn't lose that creamy factor.  Loved every bite.  If I had to choose only one I'd have to go with the jalapeno mashed- they went purfectly with the chicken pie.  Just like Sunday dinner with a bit of a twist. A few notes: The sides are big enough to share... so don't be shocked by their price tag.  We each had a generous helping of both taters & mac.  {Free} water carafes & glasses are available for your table if you don't feel like buying a soda... and they were purfectly chilled, right from the cooler.The atmosphere in the place is pretty lax. The guys behind the counter don't rush you to place your order, welcome you back up if you have a question or concern, dance & sing to the music playing and laugh.   They seem like such a fun group to just be around.$10 min on credit card purchases.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/5/2013,15,11,5,5,5>I'm still upset with my fellow Texans-living-in-Brooklyn for not telling me about Gueros! I stumbled upon it with a friend after having a few drinks. First let me say that I lived in Austin, TX for six years. I cannot tell you how many times I've longed for a good breakfast taco or, well, any taco, but I had given up on finding any decent Tex-Mex in NYC.And then I found Gueros. I tried the fish taco and the fried avocado taco. Delicious! And the queso? The bomb! (I know nobody says that anymore. Still.) So I asked if they were affiliated with Austin Gueros at all, and they are! They're owned by the same company.This place is a slice of Austin, Texas in Brooklyn and it's about damn time! Check them out. You won't be sorry you did.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,6/4/2013,209,892,9,19,19>The Pines does two things really well: cocktails and giving you a block of butter to go with your small plates. While the cocktail menu is limited, they are interesting and strong. I went with their Baked Apple - bourbon, cider and smoke. That's right, they put smoke in the glass before pouring the drink in. It strangely adds an interesting experience when sipping on your cocktail. Neither of us were starving so we went with three of their small plates - cured olives, bread and salumi. The bread consists of several types on a big plate with a huge slab of herbed butter - for those on a low-carb diet, stay away from this. I loved how much butter came with our bread and salumi plate because butter makes everything better. My friend and I kept looking at everyone's plates around us and I like what I saw so I'll definitely be back for dinner and/or brunch!The place is small with an outdoor garden in the back. The staff are friendly and have a love for this establishment. The way the guy talked about their Ants on a Log dessert was endearing, he was on the verge of drooling. While 3rd Ave might seem like a trek, it's only a couple blocks away from the Union St station on the R so no excuses, just go. But note that this is a CASH ONLY spot.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,6/3/2013,67,318,6,6,6>I like the overall look of the place - it's clean and minimalist, which in the age of Ikea isn't hard to do. Attention is sprinkled in random places, like the soap dispenser. By contrast, the booths are more Duvet circa 2005 than the Margiela store (the white booths are a little bit tacky with the cheapy tables). Wait, what? I have never been to Duvet. I started with ebi tartare. Sweet sweet love of mine, translucent body and that sweet umami. I was not crazy about the crisp it came with, but the shrimp was awesome - and there were so many of them (like 6)!Salmon and yellowtail were the stars of my chirashi entree (aren't they always). I wish the Mackerel was more memorable, but it wasn't. These sentiments were echoed by Michael who had similar pieces in his sushi dinner. I ended with green tea sorbet, which was an interesting format. You would think that green tea, since it's not served with milk in the original format, would have been transformed into iced dessert in the form of sorbet in the first place. I'm surprised I have never had this. Unfortunately, I didn't like it much - too sweet, not enough tea flavor. My shiso pepper margarita was good, but I was no match for the Chinese bro who had 3 lychee martinis in 30 minutes, much to the discomfort of his three friends who just wanted sake.Sorry for the food diary of a review. XOXO. PS. they have a super late night seating IN the kitchen. I'm tryna crash.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,6/2/2013,343,284,3,6,4>What a hidden find!  As soon as you exit the J/M Hewes Station, you come across this quaint cafe right by the train underpass, but as soon as you step foot into Moto, you are surprisingly welcomed with such a romantic ambiance and cool vibe.We came here for a light dinner and the food was excellent. We arrived on the early side, so it was even more romantic.  - The braised portuguese octopus was so delicious and cooked to perfection - absolutely tender and the flavors were amazing. It was accompanied by fingerling potatoes, harrisa, parsley, picholine olives, and lemon - a great complement to the octopus.  - The carnaroli rice risotto with fava beans, market mushrooms, & parmigiano reggiano was so delicate yet rich in flavor.  A hearty dish, perfect for cold winter nights, definitely makes you feel so warm and happy.Moto also offers a variety of wine by the glass and beer menu.  We just missed the happy hour, but we were still happy with our beverages.  Also, this place does accept credit cards, so perhaps this was a recent addition.  No need to worry!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,9/10/2013,187,361,6,7,6>I found myself in Brooklyn China Town on a Sunday. Until this week, I had no idea this neighborhood existed. While walking around feeling like a minority for the first time ever, I looked for a place to grab a bite. This neighborhood does not cater to English speakers, that is for sure. Nothing like Manhattan China town. From across the street I couldn't tell if storefronts were restaurants or hardware stores or whatever - everything was in Chinese. I used trusty yelp to find a dumpling shop. The sign was not in English, but I guess the name of this place is translated. They did have a menu that was bilingual, which helped a lot. It had pictures!I ordered crab and pork soup dumplings and chive dumplings. I got a ton of food for about 8 bucks. Enough to bring some home. The dumplings were great. I know I don't have much dumpling street cred, but they were better than most of the places I have been in Chinatown Manhattan. People were bustling in and out, but I waited for my food a while. I guess soup dumplings take longer. Also there are places to sit, but it is very limited so I would recommend grabbing your food to go.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,9/9/2013,34,85,1,5,5>When a place does pizza right, I don't try to over analyze it. I can't go on and on about the puffiness of the crust or the amount of char on the underside of the pizza. I'll leave that to the experts at the pizza blogs. But I've eaten at most of the great pizza places in NY and this one ranks right up there with Keste.The FoodThe ingredients they use are fresh and many of them come directly from Italy, as we were told by the server. I'm not one for meat on pizzas, so I've had the Quattro Stagioni (w/o ham) and the Verdure. Both are excellent! My friend liked his Salsiccia so much that he actually ordered another one and took half of it home. Our only minor misstep was the Sfiziosa - the anchovies were a bit too salty for our taste.The Rest Nice wine selection, and plenty of Italian beers that I've never seen before. Decor and staff are warm and inviting.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/8/2013,49,324,5,4,3>Sycamore is definitely my favorite bar in the area though there aren't that many bars. It's not a bad walk from where I live so I come when I want something nicer than shenanigans but don't want to hop on the subway. Bartenders are generally pretty quick though the place can get packed. They have a rotating selection of draft beers and the prices are pretty reasonable. The back is nice when the weather is good and there's a decent amount of seating. Crowd is usually decent as well, I've never seen anything too crazy here and people are very friendly.  Also you can get any draft and a bouquet of flowers for $10, some of the drafts are $8 so it's like $2 to keep your girlfriend happy.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/7/2013,38,109,10,9,8>The Cyclone is an absolute treasure of a roller coaster. Yes, it's rickety and the ride can be a little bumpy but this thing was opened in 1927 and that's at least part of what makes it a great ride! Just for some context, The Cyclone is older than most people that are still alive. When it was opened, it was scandalous for women to wear skirts above the knees or listen to jazz music. This thing predates the Great Depression, the New Deal, and the births of the last 3 Presidents of the United States. Hell, you couldn't even legally buy booze in the US when this coaster was opened. You should know and understand this going in and you should expect a bumpy ride. But it's going to be one hell of a ride.As befitting it's age, the Cyclone is absolutely NOT made for large people. The restraints aren't adjustable at all -- it's a large padded bar that the attendants are going to shove down right onto your gut and lock in place. So, be forewarned that eating that extra hot dog at Nathans may make your ride a bit uncomfortable. Similarly, I'd imagine that the ultra skinny, hipster, tight jean wearing crowd are going to get tossed around a bit more because the restraint bar isn't going to come down quite far enough to really lock you in place. So, yeah, you may want to eat that extra hot dog, but be courteous enough to let it settle for a bit before riding.The launch mechanism is hilariously disconcerting. Most modern coasters have some 15 year old kid that presses a button to send you on your way. Not The Cyclone. The launch of this coaster is a guy standing on the opposite side from where you loaded operating a monstrous lever that looks like something out of an old Frankenstein movie. From there, it's a gravity assisted roll to the first hill.And that first hill! What a drop. From there, The Cyclone is legitimately one of the most impressive thrill rides you can experience. By today's standards, The Cyclone's footprint is laughably small but the designers of this ride packed in an awesome few minutes of drops and hairpin turns. The design absolutely holds up despite its age and is easily among the best wooden coasters I've ever experienced.The price has gone from $8 to $9 which is the one downside. But, for a single ride every once in a while, $9 isn't too bad. This is a functional piece of Americana, if coughing up $9 helps ensure it's there for another generation to ride, then so be it.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,9/6/2013,28,144,4,5,4>Blow your mind delicious.Given that 1)  I like meat, and 2) I haven't really enjoyed falafel in the past, my expectations weren't terrifically high.But this place was great.  I had the Red Hot Chili falafel, and it was bright, fresh, juicy, and delicious.  The lady had the Popeye delight, and it was also great, but not quite as great as mine.  We topped it off with an Arnold Palmer with their homemade ice tea and lemonade.  I really enjoyed how you can get varying levels of sweetness for each of the drinks.My only (exceptionally minor) complaint is that the sandwich is not well mixed.  Lots of salad and veggies at first, lots of falafel at the end.  Good thing both parts were delicious.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,9/5/2013,84,42,8,6,4>Let's face it. If Biblio were a person, he would be a foxy, distinguished older gentleman with the wits of a scholar and the mouth of a sailor. What with his charm and sexy scent of musky woodsy cologne, he would inevitably woo every young dame in town. mmmmm. Woodsy.His house made sausage would be juicy and succulent and his chicken liver mousse would be as creamy and sweet as a...Wait, what are we talking about? Go here. Food is bomb as shit. So many fine aged drinks you'd never go searching for another bar or elderly hunky man again.PROS: BRUNCH BRUNCH BRUNCH BRUNCH BRUNCH, good food, awesome drinks, shagadelic tunes, OSLO espresso pulled from a sweet La Marzocco, awesomely sexy and sweet staff (heh heh..)CONS: Nothing at all.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,9/4/2013,68,213,5,5,4>When you think Gravesend, you normally think Russian, hardly Peruvian.  This place sticks out.  That, coupled with a 4.5 star rating on Yelp, put this place on my bookmarks to try.  We came, we saw, we ate, we loved.The restaurant itself is not fancy.  I think there were maybe 3 or 4 tables, max.  It looked a little old , but the decor was not distasteful.  It was actually a pretty pleasant place to eat.The menu is basically a play-by-play from the Peruvian play book.  The only thing notably missing was cuy and alpaca (I'm not sure it's legal to sell cuy as food here anyhow).  Other than that, we saw pretty much everything we ate on our 3 week trip to Peru.Service was a little lacking.  I asked our waitress what was recommended, since I wanted to eat everything on the menu (but obviously couldn't).  She didn't have any recommendations because, she explained, she was a) a Columbian, and b) a vegetarian.  Hey, that's cool.  No problem.  But she said it nastily and with a sour face.  Unfortunately, she was inattentive and curt with us throughout the whole meal.  I ended up tipping her $10 on a $80 meal.  At one point she started arguing with me about chicha (she kept insisting there was only one type of chicha, but we had 4 on our trip to Peru and I know of at least 6 that exist).  Other reviewers seem to like the service, so maybe we caught a new waitress.Ceviche: A-This is one of Peru's signature dishes, and they're very proud of it.  This ceviche is nearly perfect.  I did have one piece of fish which wasn't marinated fully, but that could happen to anyone, so I won't hold it against them.  The onions weren't completely marinated either.  They had a little bit of a raw onion bite to them.  Other than these two stumbling points, the ceviche was heavenly.Causa con Camarones: A-Two layers of spiced whipped Peruvian potatoes with a layer of shrimp salad between them.  As good as any causa I've had in Peru.   As with Peruvian causa, you don't want to order this dish as a main course because the portions are huge, and while it's delicious, eating an entire plate of causa can be monotonous.Aji de Gallina: A-Portion was huge and this was well made.  Very creamy and the chicken was very soft.  tinyurl.com/d64c44kBeef Seco: B+The meal itself was excellent.  Most beef chunks were soft and succulent.  A couple were a little hard.  The meal came with refried beans, which I thought was a little strange (isn't that Mexican?)   Although I loved the dish, and it was a great beef stew, it didn't taste strongly like beef seco per se.  It tasted like excellent beef stew.  I've had much more beef seco tasting beef seco at Urubamba in Queens.  You can see the refried beans in my picture:  tinyurl.com/cuaejkm    Also, take note that the green part of the plate is the seco itself.  Everything else is refried beans.  There really isn't enough seco here, and what seco there is gets a swamped by the beans (not to mention the seco is a little bland to begin with)   Like I said: great beef stew, just not a great beef seco.Chicken a la Brasa: B+The breast meat was a little dry but the rest of the chicken was moist and juicy.  This indicates the chicken was cooked incorrectly.  A correctly cooked rotisserie chicken will have nicely cooked dark meat and juicy white meat.  The rest of the chicken was fantastic.  Nicely spiced and well cooked.  You can actually see the white meat is much too dry in my picture: tinyurl.com/dyqhuw8
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,9/3/2013,884,226,8,9,10>I recently moved to the Brooklyner from Manhattan (in search of more space) and really can't say enough good things about this place!  It's true what others say about the building...  The amenities are fantastic, and I'm very happy with my unit.  I have a spacious loft style apartment with high ceilings and tons of closet space!The people here are also fantastic, from the staff at the front desk to the maintenance guys.  They're always friendly, and more importantly, you can tell they really care about making sure you're a happy resident.If you're interested in checking this place out, ask for Elanna in the leasing office.  She is extremely professional and incredible to work with (I'm certain the other people in the leasing office are, too)!  Sure, the rent might be on the pricey side for Brooklyn and they have strict credit standards, but as the saying goes...  You get what you pay for, and you also won't feel like you're living in a frat house.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,9/2/2013,197,143,3,3,3>What a nice little gem this place is! I walked past it once when I was eating next door at Tabare and remembered thinking it was something I wanted to check out - from the outside, it looks a little bit like a submarine with little porthole windows and oxidized green copper. I finally came here a few weeks ago for a Friday happy hour. I certainly wasn't expecting it to be an Asian/Latin fusion restaurant but it worked so well together.We sat at the bar and ordered fresh oysters shucked fresh right in front of you. The mignonette was so unique - for starters they aren't your typical mignonette vinegar sauce, they're gelatinous (called a gelee). One was chipotle, another sweet and sour ginger, and the best in my opinion was a shallot tosazu. I didn't know what tosazu was and luckily the waiter was knowledgeable enough to explain it - basically it's a reduced rice vinegar, soy sauce and bonito flake gelee. It was amazing! We ate a dozen each oysters without shame especially since they were $1 each. The drinks are amazing too - most were unique mixes made with fresh herbs and a heavy pour. Everything was so good at this point that we also decided to order the lobster ceviche and the Hamachi, which was a special that day. The ceviche was a bit too sweet for my liking but the Hamachi was perfection. Definitely will be back for a full meal here!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,9/1/2013,180,465,6,3,2>Unlike a bearded lady, you won't be regretting this place in the morning.  A chill atmosphere, cheap (but decent) beer a decadent grill cheese come together to create the bearded lady; an upbeat-watering-hole in Prospect Heights sporting a 1950's-neuvo design that feels so natural, it could hardly be mistaken for uptight.It's a joint that has mass appeal, which means you'll get a good guy:girl ratio, and the tone set inspires conversations that flow like the booze.  Come one, come all!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,10/20/2013,68,233,5,6,5>Action Burger is like a very small homage piece to all things geek. Here you'll find arcade machines with games like Street Fighter 2 (classic) and Final Fight. The burgers are named after obscure villains from Xena Warrior Princess. On the giant LCD tv, Back to the Future was playing. (Anyone know why Libyans wanted to kill Doc?)I was explained that the difference between an Action Burger and a Super Action burger is the number of spices. Apparently an Action Burger is spiced with 12, Super Action spiced with 25. The difference between them is $2. In retrospect I'm not sure if $2 is worth an additional 13 spices... its seems steep. Are they using rhino horn shavings? Who knows.I opted for the Super Action with lettuce, tomato, bacon, jalapenos and mayo. The burger itself is very good. Big patty, hand rolled, flavorful. Nice flavor from the 25 spices but then again if you flavor anything with that many spices I'd hope its good. I'd say the burger here is very good, excellent even. But when the damage is $10 for just the burger, it really should be very good. The Action starts at $6, Super Action starts at $8 and toppings are an additional $1. It doesn't matter if you order bacon, or mushrooms, or cheese or a handful of jalapenos. All toppings besides the basics (lettuce tomato, etc.) are $1 extra. That's a bit hard to justify. $1 for bacon? Fine. $1 for cheese? Robbery. $1 for jalapenos? Jesus...There should be some kind of sliding scale here. I mean, the burgers themselves ain't cheap to begin with. Action burger : good food, bad value.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/19/2013,100,132,29,34,32>Just when I thought Output couldn't get any better, I took a peek at the Panther Room. The Panther Room is beautiful inside.I went last Thursday when Thomas Brinkmann, Brendon Moeller & Reade Truth were spinning.  The music was great.  I always love hearing new music & I'm not one of those people that will only see people I know.  What's the fun in that?  The crowd was chill & seemed to be having a fun time dancing.  My brother & his girlfriend had never been to Output or The Panther Room before & they loved both places.The roof top has a beautiful view & it was a nice place to sit down & relax.  I'm glad there is another awesome place to dance in the neighborhood.  The Panther Room is nothing like any place in the Meatpacking & the bouncers are friendly & they do their job well.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,10/18/2013,75,134,2,4,3>I went to Song last night with a friend of mine. We wanted great Thai food at reasonable prices. Song wins in both categories.People - The spicy beef and pineapple fried rice is to DIE - I mean to DIE for......... it is a must try. This dish is not on the regular menu - it is on the Specials menu.... so please do not miss it.And ofcourse our apps were delicious - the calamari is nice and crispy with that dipping sauce - OMAZING!!!!I also had the sliced chicken, cabbage, carrots, mushroom, and veggies in ginger sauce - DELICIOUS!Best part is you get a big portion of food, reasonable prices, and the food is HOT when it gets to your table.Happy Eating MY PEOPLE!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/17/2013,62,204,,5,6>This place is so good that I went there two nights in a row. I first went for a Yelp event and was blown away by the food, so I went back the next night with a friend to get the full experience. We arrived around 7 (great time to come since no one was there), got seated, and perused the extensive drink menu. We each ended up getting a margarita of sorts. You can pick the kind of juice you want and match it with a tequila. I had strawberry with a white tequila, which was great.The server suggested that we order 6 plates between the two of us, but we ended up going with 5, which was more than enough. The 5 plates we got were:--a chilaquiles thing with egg (not on the online menu, so I can't remember exactly what was in it)--grilled carrots "elote," honey butter, lime crema, coriander, feta, dill--fried Brussels sprouts, strawberries, currants, sunflower seeds, sweet-spicy vin--corn flan "tamale," blue crab, poblano-garlic cream, bell pepper--Braised duck lettuce wraps, mushrooms, picadillo, raisins, peanuts, roasted bananaI could probably subsist on the corn flan and carrots alone, but every dish was truly phenomenal. We were too full for dessert, but I'd like to try that some other time. I'm sure I'll be back here soon!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/16/2013,28,38,5,12,8>Words don't even describe how thrilled I am to have a place like this in Bay Ridge! It's right around the corner from my best friend's apartment, and I'm anticipating many nights here. I have a few favorite places in Bay Ridge to eat and drink (Ho' Brah, Longbow, Owl's Head, among others) but this really the kind of relaxed, down-to-earth hang out place I was looking for.I went to a few of their light openings and then to their official opening, and I was really blown away by how helpful and personable their staff was. I can't speak to the food as I didn't have any (my friends did, though, and they really liked it), but the selection is really interesting and crafty. I'll have to come back for the waffle fries. I like how the place is loaded with sriracha. I can speak to the drink selection though, which is really good. Ranges from the uber-cheap $4 cans of Narragansett to an assortment of sustainable wines and yummy draft beers. Had a nice selection of pumpkin/autumnal beers to match the season. All in all, really affordable in a true Bay Ridge fashion. The inside is really colorful and charming, with a carnival aesthetic going on, but the outside is where it's at. Definitely take advantage of the spacious seating, beautiful lighting on the trees, and cozy heat lamps. Perfect for drinking with friends late into the night.Oh, and because I can't resist reviewing bathrooms, Lock Yard has a really cool bathroom decor with a wallpaper of old technical manuals. Definitely a nice finishing touch.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,10/15/2013,381,1142,,4,3>Every weekend that includes a short trip to the western end of Bed-Stuy for their Cuban sandwiches is a weekend I don't regret.  I love them.  They're my only nearby Cuban sandwich refuge in a huge city filled with faux imitation Cuban restaurants.  Thank God for this place and Bed-Stuy and it's owner who I hear is from Miami.  No wonder the Cuban sandwiches are so good.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,10/14/2013,57,394,3,8,3>Restaurants keep popping up on Franklin, but Cent'Anni has claimed the title of my recent favorite. I've come twice since they opened--once with my boyfriend and again with a friend. The first time we sat outside and I enjoyed the black ink pasta and he the pork chop. My pasta was amazing--great sauce, great texture, and a huge portion. The pork chop was juicy and well seasoned. They also offer a list of homemade pastas and sauces that you can mix and match. The outside space is crazy big and covered in hanging white lights--perfect for a summertime date.My second time I sat at the bar and had the spaghetti with lemon sauce and many glasses of red wine. You can tell the pasta is homemade--it tastes so fresh. I enjoyed this dish as much as the first and didn't leave any leftovers. The wine list is impressive and includes some well priced by the glass choices. Vibe from the staff is professional and friendly. Both times I visited there was a good amount of people dining and having a good time. I can see Cent'Anni becoming a neighborhood favorite--just the right mix of fancy and laidback.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,10/13/2013,129,217,3,6,4>What you get: - excellent sandwiches- brusque, perfunctory service from a somewhat surly owner, who may or may not be in the mood to talk to you.Brancaccio's is a small shop that makes a limited amount of their specialty ingredients, so keep in mind that you might have to settle for your  2nd choice of sandwich. At least, they never seem to have the caponata when I'm looking for it.It seems like most people order the ever-popular lard bread or BLT. IMO you could pick any sandwich that includes that delicious broccoli rabe and you wouldn't go wrong.The bread is always great - fresh and soft. These really are a step above the typical sandwich you'd get anywhere else in the neighborhood.It's a wee bit too pricey (and busy) for me to go every day but whenever I need a "treat" or lunch reward, it's straight to Brancaccio's I go.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,10/12/2013,27,112,4,5,5>This place is simply the best. We adopted Leela, our adorable 24-pound terrier mix four months ago from Texas. Misako and the Pawlour made her a proper Brooklyn lady!When we brought Leela there, we were greeted by Misako and other friendly staff. For $50, Leela got everything: fur cut (she was a huge fuzz ball and I requested a very short cut for the summer), nails cut, ears cleaned, a bath, and even anal glands expressed! They estimated 2.5 hours and I received a call to pick my girl up exactly 2.5 hours after I dropped her off. She even had an adorable little pink bandana tied around her neck. So cute. And she smelled sooooo good. Everyone loved her new summer look! When we brought Leela home, she seemed very uncomfortable without her fur. She kept licking certain areas and seemed a bit sad. So I called the Pawlour and spoke to Misako just to see if Leela was cut accidentally. Misako assured me that Leela was not cut and was in fact great for the entire thing. I think Leela was just a bit overwhelmed by the whole experience and I was being a crazy dog lady. To my surprise, Misako called me the next day just to see how Leela was! How sweet is that?! She seemed genuinely concerned, to the point where I kind of felt bad for worrying her for nothing. Leela was totally fine by then. All this to say, I love everything about the Pawlour, down to their cute storefront. Treat your little guy to a luxurious experience there!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,10/11/2013,82,109,5,4,3>One word: awesome rooftop.That is all. Oh whoops that's two words. And now a third: beer.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,9/30/2014,46,176,7,11,8>A comfy neighborhood place. It's pretty big for a bar, and that gives them room for the bocce court. Most of the front is filled with Salvation Army sofas. At the height of the bedbug scare, people were sitting on those less often, but they're back to being prime real estate now. There's really not much to this place, but they've made it look good, and the friendly staff sets a good tone. It's popular with groups, due to the little living rooms created by the sofa configurations as well as the game play, but if there's just one, two, or three of you, there's a place for you at the bar.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,9/29/2014,486,517,9,12,9>Sometimes you don't even know a good thing when it hits you. Luckily when I fell into a chalk board on Franklin Avenue, I began to read it. (After picking it back up) Where did this chalk board come from? There's no storefront here! Oh wait, now there is.I saw I was in front of Franklin Avenue's brand new Restaurant, Docklands. Best of all, the chalkboard said free oysters for happy hour to celebrate its opening. I like happy hour. I like oysters. I like sitting. It's a win!Came in and parked myself at the bar. The place is really beautiful. Sleek bar, cozy table areas in front/back, white tiled server area behind the bar and exposed brick, blended with white walls.The place was packed and the employees were hustling. Before I knew it, I was handed my first oyster. They were amazing. Very fresh, from the Long Island Sound. They do $6 dollar house cocktails for happy hour, but the opening of a new place deserves something special. I ordered up a Manhattan and glad I did, the bartender knew what he was doing. I started chatting it up with one of the guys behind the bar who was preparing the oysters, Eugene, who also was a Brooklyn native. We were talking about Brooklyn and sports. Before long the rest of the bar joined in. Real friendly guy.They kept the oysters coming and I grabbed some brews from the tap. They have Radeberger which is one of my favorite pilsners. Overall it was a great experience. Docklands is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,9/28/2014,55,346,9,15,11>AHHH is this real life?! My heart was broken when Red Horse cafe (the former tenant of this spot) closed down, forcing me to walk almost FIVE minutes to get coffee elsewhere (god forbid! think of all the precious calories I'm burning!), but thankfully, Muse has taken over and saved me from all that horrendous footwork, PHEW.Now, finally hitting this spot when they were open was a bit of a challenge, as the owners and staff are still trying to figure out their concrete hours, so be forewarned that while it says they're open 7AM - 8PM, those hours are a little "flex" for the time being. Of course, this is perfectly acceptable, given that they've been open all of, oh, 7 days or so?I stopped by on my way home from spin class (perfect right? eat back all those calories burned, duh!) and was elated to finally see the OPEN sign flipped on, hooray! The barista, Will, was a sweetheart, chatting with me the whole time and describing their coffees and various treats (oh, and they are varied and all tasty, indeed).While I was trying to make a selection of mini shortbread cookies (3 for $2, a STEAL!) the owner popped in and very kindly gave me some free samples! Now, you may think that because the cookies were free, that I'd automatically think they're uh-maze-zing, and well, you'd sorta kinda be right (next to hunger, "free" is the best spice, obviously), however, there's something a bit magical about these little shortbread cookie balls. At first, when you bite into them, the crumb is unexpectedly softer than a typical butter-based shortbread, but then ... there it is ... a dark jewel of sweet deliciousness in the center ... just a petite dollop of jam in the middle ... HEAVENLY! what a lovely surprise for my taste buds!I also sampled a mini green tea cupcake, which, although not as mind blowing as the shortbread, was delicately flavoured (not too sweet, and with a healthy matcha green tea flavour), and a crumbly swirl of icing (similar to a cookie icing, so not a soft buttercream frosting, per se) on top. The petite treats are all perfectly complimented by the thai coffee blend, which is spicy, bold, and a tad smokey on the palette. I've yet to try any of the luscious and dangerous looking cake slices, but since I'm a neighbour of the spot, I'll definitely be frequently stopping by (my mouth is happy, my hips are not, c'est la vie!)4-4.5 stars!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,9/27/2014,230,479,10,12,13>I must not lead a very exciting life, because today, my life was altered by a banh mi.  Due to certain dietary restrictions, I've never been able to fully experience the banh mi (or so I've been told... "Oh well you HAVE to have the pork" or "Well no you have to it with pate", are the usual excuses I hear).  But no longer.  Today, I had the Chicken Fu from Ba Xuyen... and it was exquisite.  They nailed everything about the sandwich... from the perfectly toasted bread, to the loads of veggies, to the perfectly shredded and seasoned chicken.  I might have liked it a bit spicier, but I'm not complaining.  At $5, this huge sandwich is a steal.Added bonus points for really good milk teas.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,9/26/2014,584,571,16,18,19>Thirteen Things to Love about Lucky 13: 1. Melody H., the green-haired, highly knowledgeable, multi-talented proprietress, who daylights as personal trainer and Crunch Pilates instructor extraordinaire; 2. Welcoming bartenders and bar-backs;3. Award-winning jukebox and talented guest DJs;4. Potent potables with fun names like the "Vegan White Russian" (on some nights this may signify both a soy-milk based version of the drink favored by "the Dude" as well as the evening's entertainment);  5. "White Trash Special," (PBR and a shot of whiskey for ~$6);6. Enough types of Absinthe to make the heart grow fonder, including Marilyn Manson's Mansinthe for the black hearts out there;7. Proper preparation of Absinthe-based drinks with all the necessary ingredients and accoutrements (in stark contrast to, e.g., the overpriced, improper (feeverte.net/faq-absinth) abomination, "Absinthe brouille à balancier" served @Apothéke); 8. Late-running happy hour;9. Wallet-friendly drinks during (un/non)happy hours;10. Creepy B horror movies played silently on screens in lieu of sports;11. Vintage album cover art decor;12. The motley crew of patrons which redefines "local color" in this neighborhood;13. The provision of a vital public health and hygiene service insofar as the bar gives away heaps of free NYC condoms:"New York City's free condom initiative began in 1971... In the last 40 years, the NYC Condom program has expanded by distributing condoms in community based organizations in the '80s, debuting the country's first municipally branded condom, the NYC Condom...The agency now distributes more than 3 million condoms every month through a growing network of over 3,000 partners. As a result, New York City residents can now find them in bars, clubs, restaurants, gyms and coffee houses " findnyccondoms.com
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/25/2014,851,373,23,19,21>Yo' Gino! This guy makes a sandwich bigger than a grown man's arm! Wait, Gino already knows. In fact, all the BK authentic Italians know about this spot as was evidenced by the clientele that poured in during my visit. I got the #88, which consists of multiple layers of fried eggplant, fresh housemade ricotta, sundried tomatoes, basil and pesto - and yes, it is *literally* bigger than my arm. The place itself screams old-world elegance with a modern spin, not cheesy Johnny Rockets style or whatever but something more tangible and reminiscent of true Brooklyn. They make their own cheeses and sells them 1 giant ball for 5$ mozerella or 5.50 for smoked mozerella, or 3 for 14$. They make their own breads in true authentic fashion, and make some stuffed with homemade cheeses, vegetables or meats (provolone and prosciutto anyone? - for all you meat eaters out there this sounds better than sex, even to this vegetarian.)Will I be back? Fuhgettabout it! You already know!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,9/24/2014,155,339,5,5,6>So perfect.I don't usually rave about service but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with how personable the staff here is. And bonus for them being real Italians! We felt like we were just at home. Service was quick, our pizza came out piping hot and fast.The two of us shared a 12" Luzzo BK pizza and it was perfectly proportioned for two, perfectly crisp yet fluffy, and perfectly seasoned with truffle oil. I will definitely be back!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,9/23/2014,196,61,5,4,6>I would like to officially make a complaint to Beny's for being so damn close to where I live. Do you have any idea how difficult it is for me to resist the urge to go in and buy something deliciously fattening from you every week??? The nerve of this place!But in all seriousness, Beny's is a small, simple, yet charming cafe with food and pastries bursting with flavor. The staff is also friendly and wonderful. Their chocolate almond croissants and fresh baguettes alone are worth a weekly visit. I've tried a lot of their breakfast food, and while I find most of the food I've had too greasy/heavy for my liking (just a personal thing), I'd highly recommend the savory french toast. You can get a half or full portion, and it's poached eggs on top of a bed of spinach with pancetta bits and french toast. Delicious! They have tons of tasty desserts and pastries, so It's really hard to resist when you're standing in line and these pretty desserts are calling your name. Chocolate bomb, strawberry frasier, mille feuille, tarts, macarons - they all make eyes at me. Now that I've managed to gain some self control and NOT go on a weekly basis, I can honestly say that I fantasize about those chocolate almond croissants several times a week.I have yet to try their lunch specials, but I have tried their tuna nicoise salad and LOVE it. Not only is it delicious and healthy, it's GIGANTIC. And it's noticeably better at this location than the other one in Clinton Hill.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,9/22/2014,186,169,3,4,4>I LOVE Radegast!I've had some of the best times here! I always bring out-of-town friends and tourist friends to this location for a seriously authentic biergarten experience. The selection is incredible, as is the food.The prices could DEFINITELY be a bit cheaper, however.They have swing dance nights at least once or twice a week. I usually come for this in particular, as it's always a good time. GREAT live jazz bands, swing bands, and other misc. bands are always playing there. I really enjoy the atmosphere.I've never been on a weekend. I've heard it gets crowded and crazy, but I can only speak of my weekday night experiences which have always been fantastic. I definitely recommend, and writing this review reminds me that I need more pretzels and hefeweizen in my life!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,9/21/2014,52,141,4,5,6>Puerto Viejo is amazing! It's everything a great neighborhood restaurant should be; delicious, affordable, perfect atmosphere for any occasion... date, dinner with the girls, dinner with the parents.... I've been here a couple times. The owner (I think), is really cool and approachable. He's usually sitting at the bar. The service is also really great.  I always ask 5 million questions when I eat out and the server was able to answer them all, and she was happy to ask the chef the things she couldn't answer. The food that I've tried was amazing.. I've had...Bacalao (codfish stew): Delicious. I've been thinking about it for 2 days.  If you like salt fish stews definitely try this with the boiled yuca... so freaking good... and it's only $9!Monfongo: Starchy, hearty and amazing.... perfect thing to eat before running a marathon.... or if you just want something amazing in your mouth.  Pastelon special: Pastelon is a Puerto Rican Lasagna that's made with sweet plantains instead of pasta, meat, sauce and cheese. If sweet and savory is your thing, you'll love it. Those are the 3 things I've had so far... I can't wait to go back and try the oxtail stew and the pernil.... and have the codfish and monfongo again. Seriously, I could eat here every day. The only things stopping me from giving Puerto Viejo 5 stars are that it's cash only and they only serve beer/wine. I wouldn't be too upset about the cash only thing if the ATM didn't have a $2.00 surcharge. WTF? Don't inconvenience me AND gouge me! ....shady. Also it would be lovely to have a nice cocktail with my meal, but i'm sure that's coming soon. Try this place! You won't be dissapointed!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/30/2014,521,449,8,7,6>Assuming you aren't coming to Mable's all by your lonesome, order the Deluxe Platter. Hell, even if you are here by yourself, just order the damn Deluxe Platter and take what you don't finish home. It's the best way to sample what Mable's has to offer, a super affordable BBQ smorgasbord, if you will: 3 Meats + 3 Sides = $32.95.Now, how many this should feed is a good question, and can be answered with a number of combinations:- 4 girls from out of town who didn't get reservations somewhere else ahead of time- 3-top comprised of you, your girl, and her third wheel*- 2 hungry bros lookin' to coat the stomach with sumpin' substantial before a night out boozin'- 1 Hungry, Hungry Hippo, wookie, or chocolate labrador (i mean, have you seen those guys eat?!) But seriously, however you divvy up your platter(s), you're guaranteed a belly full of BBQ at a serious steal. And not just any BBQ, but delicious, smoky, unpretentious, down-home BBQ, right here in Brooklyn.The St. Louis Ribs were my personal favorite, tremendous flavor with a formidable pull that made you work for it. They also made baby backs elsewhere look like a kids' meal. It's hard to not love Pulled Pork at a BBQ joint, and Mable's was no exception. But the Beef Brisket is the real wild card here. I wasn't crazy about it at first at all - it was just way too dry for my taste. But then I dipped the brisket in Mable's Liquid Country Gold BBQ sauce and we're talkin' a whole other animal. I have a feeling this house condiment works magic across all the menu items, so really that's where the credit is due, but the brisket seemed to benefit most from it's wheel-greasin' powers.As for the sides, the BBQ Baked Beans were the clear standout. I'm typically not a big baked beans guy, but you could taste a little curry flavor in Mable's, and this really did the trick for me. On the flipside, I didn't see the hype over the Creamy Mac n' Cheese. Some of my crew claimed it was the best part of the meal, but to me they were too watery and packaged goods-y.Although I'm admittedly not offering up any solutions here, I feel that the ordering process could be much simpler (and quicker). You must first be seated by a hostess at one of their long, communal tables, and then you have to go up to the counter to order. The line moves excruciatingly slow. The last time we were here, it was like the queue didn't budge at all. The bartender must've spotted my anxious ass struggling, because she was saintly enough to call us over and take our order, God bless her, especially when she dropped on us that they were running low on a few items. In lieu of a number to place on your table, they give you a cut-out of a state famous for BBQ (TX, OK, MO, the Carolinas, etc.) And despite the smokehouse's Williamsburg address, that twist is about as trendy as this place gets.Mable's isn't always included on lists of must-try BBQ in the city, but it definitely should be. While we're at it, some "cheap eats" run-down needs to seriously consider Mable's as well, because you can really do some gluttonous damage here without killing your cash flow.In short, Deluxe Platter fo' life!*All jokes aside, three people to a platter is probably the default answer here.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,10/29/2014,117,155,6,5,5>There's really nothing my gf and I love more than hot pot or shabu. We can eat it all times of the year, whether during the polar vortex or the most sweltering of summer days. Having just signed a new lease in Sunset Park, she and I decided to explore all that Brooklyn's Chinatown had to offer, starting with Mister Hot Pot. We got the pork bone broth and the spicy broth. Pork bone broth was the bomb! So rich and yummy. The spicy broth was too "herbally" for my gf's tastes, but some people who love that kind of Chinese spice might like it!Please note that this isn't an all-you-can-eat hot pot place. Everything is a la carte, and their combo specials aren't that varied. However, they have a HUGE variety of individual items. You can try a lot of items for about the same price - if not cheaper - than eating a lot of the same small selection elsewhere.I tried winter melon, corn, spinach, watercress, cabbage, enoki, shiitake mushrooms, frozen tofu, beef, pork belly. The sauce selection is OK, not the best, but solid. The waitress was nice and efficient, but the place filled up pretty quickly, so even though she didn't come by that often, it's easy to flag her down.Also, if you check in on Facebook, they give you free honeydew melon popsicles.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/28/2014,70,31,13,10,6>For once in my life, I let my other half pick a breakfast destination. He chose this place and boy, let me tell you, I was not excited when I looked and noticed this is not a sit-in location. It's a window where you order sandwiches and coffee, and then you go. Nothing wrong with that but it's just not what I had in mind but I already said I'd go and was halfway to the G train already and conceded to just yell at him when I get there.I arrive to a cute little bread shop on the corner with a window by a colorful mural, and there is a menu with bread, egg, sauce, meat, and veggie options to build your sandwich with. It was too early in the morning to use brain power to construct a sandwich so we both went with the Ben's Cousin special (soft egg, queso, and smokes chili sauce on multigrain roll) with avocado, except I had mine with the jalepeño sauce. We sat down on the benches in front and dug into our $6 sandwiches.Wow. This goddamn breakfast sandwich. Holy freakin' moly. Listen, I was not excited about being there or looking forward to the food at all. I was committed to being grumpy because my boyfriend wronged me and I'd show him by being passively annoyed for hours. But when I bit into that glorious egg and cheese, I was a believer. Perfectly sized roll, with the most awesomely spicy jalepeño sauce that made my queso even more delicious. My egg was juuuuust right, I didn't know what the hell a soft egg was or if it was right for a sandwich but now it's how I demand all my eggs.This place is a real winner. And they serve Stumptown coffee, if you're into that. I saw a juicer in there too and people walking away with what appeared to be fresh beet juice, so yeah if you're into that.I'm thinking of going back tomorrow, it's even worth taking the G train over the weekend for, ya heard.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,10/27/2014,227,321,6,11,6>I heard about Defontes a long while back and it was only because I made a wrong turn on my way to Ikea that I stumbled upon it in Red Hook. I took a chance and ordered something other than my usual go-to deli sandwich of ham and cheese. I ordered this amazing chicken parm sandwich with gravy and cheese and eggplant and all these other toppings! My sandwich was longer than the length of my forearm! It was HUGE! And they considered that only a "1/3" hero size! My boyfriend ordered the Italian Stallion. He didn't prefer it over other Brooklyn staples like Johns Deli's. Our sandwich experiences were pretty different. I was head over heels in love with my sandwich. It had everything and then some- but he only fell "in like" with his sandwich. Oh well! It's not up to him if we're going back again! I'll make sure we make that wrong turn towards Ikea every time that we go!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/26/2014,256,200,6,8,7>We should approach Lock Yard the same way I approach life: Haters gonna hate. Lock Yard is THE perfect addition to Bay Ridge--a beer garden in the neighborhood with one of the highest number of local bars? Sounds good to me. Delicious bratwurst with sweet potato tater tots, a weekly-changing line up of specialty draft beers, and an awesome, efficient staff? I think we can agree here that there's nothing to complain about. The crowd so far has remained about the same as the rest of Bay Ridge--locals just trying to enjoy a beer and have a good time. As for the incoming hipsters, if you can't beat them, join them and take their money. It was here that I discovered my new favorite draft--Left Hand Milk Stout--creamy, a hint of cocoa, and the first Stout that hasn't made me gag.That paired with a bratwurst piled high with mustard and sauerkraut is my idea of the perfect night. There is nothing I welcome more than an awesome bar that is close enough to home so that I may stumble back half-drunkenly onto my doorstep. Thanks Lock Yard!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,10/25/2014,358,182,11,15,9>An awesome shack with outdoor seating in the back!  If vegetarian food is served like how it is here, I could totally be one.  Anyway, the fried pickles are a must try, so damn juicy and crispy, om nom nom. As for my entree, I ordered the smoked tofu banh mi, which was EFFIN DELICIOUS!!  Who knew that tofu could taste like that.  Like daaaamn, if that's how tofu rolls, I'll roll with it aalll the time!  And dessert was divine, we got the dark chocolate pie with cinnamon brewed coffee ice cream.  Their ketchup and ice cream are made in-house.  They also have non-dairy options for lactose intolerant folks and gluten-free beer for you anti-gluten people.  Great beer selections, but a bit on the pricey side.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,10/24/2014,17,105,1,7,5>LOVE this place! The food is fresh and delicious. The lamb with dates, caramelized onions and cinnamon was outstanding. Tender and so flavorful and such a big portion too. The meal came with rice which was also flavorful and a great companion to the lamb. The place is very tiny though, so it might feel a bit cramped but the food is definitely worth it.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,10/23/2014,164,331,7,7,5>My 300th post (finally) :)This place is awesome!!!Came here with the bf after perusing some possible dinner spots in Williamsburg. We got here a little earlier than typical dinner time around 6pm and there was plenty of seating to choose from. We originally wanted to sit inside, but we were given a chance to look at the rooftop seating and decided to go with that.It was beautiful out with a nice view and fresh herbs grown all along the edges of the roof. In the inside part of the rooftop, there was also a TV. The tables had umbrellas and the place looked like it could be used as a venue for an outdoor bridal/baby shower or private event.The waiter we had was Liu and he was awesome!! Really nice and efficient! We also had Roberto, and Christian who was was super friendly and attentive!We have since been here 3 times in the same week and again with the parents. We tried the mozzarella e corozza which was deliciously fried and filled with fresh mozzarella with a side of pesto sauce, black linguini with mussels, shrimp, clams and calamari, the shrimp and lobster pasta, the appetizer made with chickpeas, the mussles in red sauce, the clam appetizer, 2 different bottles of wine and of course the pizza!Not a thing we didn't like! Everything was so great! The sauces made here are so authentic and fresh tasting and really separates this place from others. We look forward to coming again!!This place is definitely going to become one of our go-to places! :)
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,10/22/2014,76,206,8,9,9>I was excited to try a sandwich here. Would it live up to the hype??? My friend and I ventured here. We were both set on bacon egg and cheese sandwiches. Well...the grill closed at noon, they don't have pork, and they were out of cheddar. I got a roast beef sandwich on croissant with muenster, mustard, and tomato. She got a turkey sandwich on croissant with mayo, lettuce, and tomato. The sandwiches were piled with meat. We had waited in line for a long time. Then we headed to the park. Then I opened up my sandwich. It looked amazing. And took a bite. Succulent, the perfect amount of each ingredient, all of which were fresh. AMAZING!!!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/21/2014,262,484,6,8,8>Don Nico's is a totally cute and random spot because it's surrounded by many retail shops and it truly stands out! A colleague of mine has been here a few times and have recommended it to me. I finally gave it a shot a few weeks ago. Just a 5-8 minute walk from my office and no lines when I went. I ordered the fish tacos which cost under $7.00.They gave me two fish tacos and it was really scrumptious! The fish taco was filled with grilled tilapia which might I add was very moist and delicious! There was also green cabbage, cilantro, onions, and guacomole in it. There was a little spice in the tacos but it wasn't too spicy. I really enjoyed the tacos!Although tacos aren't quite my favorite food, I must say the fish tacos I had from Don Nico's was great and I would come back again. My only complaint is that you don't have a choice between a soft or hard taco shell. I would prefer a hard taco shell for that crunch. Overall, a great little spot to check out if you want a quick Mexican or cheap fix.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,4/11/2013,71,48,1,15,9>Firstly, the store is very nice (from the outside) big, bright windows that allow you to see the inside of the store very clearly. The decor is modern and very appealing when you walk by, you can't help but look inside. They have a really great selection of merchandise, everything is so beautifully arranged, colorful and easily seen. The boys that work in the store are so helpful and the customer services was amazing. If they do not have something in the store they make it their business to get it for you the best they can. They are very knowledgeable and always at your services smiling and helping out. This is a very new business to the area but i highly recommend them! Such a pleasure to deal with nice, knowledgeable people who truly care about their customers!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,4/10/2013,248,254,6,9,9>Doody is a great store, I mean common, with a name like Doody, how can it be bad?  every time I find myself in this store, I end up walking out with loads of inexpensive, price can't be beat merchandise.  They obviously don't have as vast a selection as Home Deport or Lowe's but, for a private store, they're selection is impressive.  The staff is kind, knowledgeable and helpful.  They surely are professionals who know their trade.They are 100% my go to place for paints.  They have unbeatable, if not cheap prices, and that makes me come back.  They always have coupons and promotions if you're a coupon queen.  Even if you're not, its great to get a good steal. Doody is the closest major hardware store in my proximity, and definitely my number one choice.  They have never disappointed,  they always have what I'm looking for.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/9/2013,8,99,,7,8>I am so happy to have this place right around the corner from me!  The employees are always very friendly and the coffee is fantastic.  I can only drink decaf, and other places in the neighborhood only have decaf available as a $5 latte, which is kind of annoying.  At Black Gold I can get my plain ol' decaf coffee with milk (and they always pour in just the right amount.  It's like magic!)Also, they have an oatmeal chocolate chip cookie that is bangin'.  Black Gold is really the best.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,4/7/2013,358,182,,3,4>Food! Food! Food!! Holy food galore!There were so many vendors to choose from, I didn't know what else to do but to start knocking them down one by one.  Sad to say, I didn't get very far but the fish and chips and the potato Terriyaki balls were delicious. Reasonable prices and a good reason to get out early on Saturdays.  Will definitely come back to checkout more vendors.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,4/6/2013,674,592,4,10,4>Skating?!...Check!Rock Wall?!.....Check!Arcade?!.............Check!Food Court?!...........Check!Party Space?!............Double Check!This place's only flaw is that the traffic lights are not only confusing, but just plain stupid.  I think I've run the light by accident every time I come here, thus, one star is removed for making me be a questionable driver.  Nonetheless!  This place is really underestimated.Home of two skating rings, one for their league hockey teams and the other is open to the public, this place is pretty spacious.   Feel like skating, or like most, spending most of the time picking yourself up off your wet @$$, then for $8 you can have your own skates sharpened to glide along that lovely artificial pond.  Don't sport your own gear?  No worries!  Grab some rentals for $12 and skate to the music you hear on the radio; mostly main stream stuff.Three skating sessions in three hour intervals:12-3PM, 3-6PM, and 6-9PMThey clean the ice at least one during each session, so make sure you get there early enough so you can enjoy the full time allotted.  Think you can just stay on the ice from one session to the next?  I don't think so buddy; gotta get a bran-new wristband that is actually color coded for each session.  If you really didn't have your fill, you gotta pay again at the front.  Don't feel like skating the whole time?  Go rock climb or play some video games or chomp on a slice of pizza.   There's really plenty to do to make the time fly by.What to bring:1) your own lock for the lockers there to store your bag, shoes and other personal stuff2) bring socks - you should really double up on the socks you wear to better protect your ankles3) gloves - you might not think so, but if you intend to be falling alot, these are actually a must4) Your friends, family, bf, gf, bff, - really anyone who like to do something more physical than just flipping channels.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,4/5/2013,26,92,7,10,6>listen up park slope brunch crew, you know who you are, crowded around Miriam like its the only restaurant for miles...(no disrespect to Miriam, that place has the bomb labneh). but I would like to direct your attention a mere two blocks away to the somewhat underutilized but highly delicious brunch-serving restaurant, Melt.we checked out melt today on a whim, and were pleasantly surprised. there was no wait, and an AMAZING selection of brunch cocktails (think maple syrup, hot toddy, and much more). I did not partake of booze this morning, so i cannot personally recommend any of these, but they sure sound good.I had the chef's omelet with braised brussel sprouts. im a huge brussel fan already, but damn do they taste good braised in an omelet with cheese. genius. the omelet was nice and plump, and came with a small dark leafy green side salad with grape tomatoes, fancy-ish homefries, and two slices of thick crusty bread. more than enough.my mate had eggs with biscuits and gravy. this also came with a side salad, and was very good. The biscuits were warm and fresh, gravy was delicious.I'll be back.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,4/4/2013,521,449,12,12,10>"I think I wanna go to that spot on Atlantic Ave., the vegetarian one where - "My wife's head exploded before I could finish that sentence.Her combustion was for a noble cause, of course, defending my unwaveringly carnivorous ways. In fact, Maimonide Of Brooklyn supports its own form of martyrdom, as well, it would seem. No, not for the same cause as my own, as you will surely find no meat on the menu here. But to commemorate various befallen friends (in this case, fruits and vegetables), mounted like deer heads along one wall - "Mr. Avocado, 2009-2010, died for guacamole," "Miss Banana, June 2008-August 2008, died for banana bread" - you get the idea. But before we go any further, let's resurrect the wife in this sensationalized account, so that I don't end up sleeping on the couch tonight.And she's back.Now. Why would it appear that I, a self-professed meat-eater extraordinaire, am pouring on the praise for a place that praises produce over processed animal entrails? It's no riddle, my friends. Even as a rabid devourer of protein-and-fat, I simply, sincerely enjoy the food at Maimonide, in all its earthy goodness.What helps is their vegetarian dishes' ability to prove themselves as supremely hearty, and not only healthy, alternatives for all my fellow meat-eaters out there. Take the Belly Charmer MOB, for example. Essentially a robust flatbread of sorts, in the shape of one of the Brooklyn Bridge's signature arches (or maybe just a boat to anyone choosing to ignore iconic architecture), this veggie vessel's cargo includes eggplant, pistachios, harissa, zucchini, mint, carrots, and about a dozen other items I don't treat my body to often enough. These ingredients are not only substantial picks, but the crust of this MOB is thick, wholesome, and delicious.Maimonide is also a bit of a brunch underdog. It flies far enough under the radar on the weekend that there's not much of a crowd - even though there most definitely should be. The Buttermilk Biscuit Sandwich is a fine choice (although I can't defend its "sandwich" status given it crumbles into pieces of eggplant, avocado, tomato, and carbs pretty much upon first grab), but the real winner is the Spicy Yellow Grits. Of course, this was what the wife ordered, so I was reduced to stealing bits of garlic sauteed kale and Japanese sweet potato "sausage links" from her bowl when she wasn't looking.Creative vegetarian cuisine aside, Maimonide Of Brooklyn reaches interior design nirvana. It's jam-packed with Kings County pride and Americana punk sensibility. Those same arches found shaping your tasty MOB are the same ones carved out as doorways between the dining area and the back bar / kitchen, again paying homage to the most famous of East River crossings. The wall opposite the aforementioned hunting trophies is a giant, re-imagined star-spangled banner, seating is comprised of four, giant communal tables, plus an arcade table (Pac-Man and Spade Invaders are free of charge!), the music ranges from jazz to indie rock to hip-hop, there's an origin-story-style comic book about the establishment for your reading pleasure, and there's even back patio outdoor seating for the warmer months.To all my carnivore comrades, while I know my enthusiasm here may be overwhelming, do not fear for me. I still almost always order the burger if I see it on a menu. Veal is still in my diet, even after seeing that South Park episode years ago where the boys discover it comes from baby cows. And bacon, well - my love for bacon isn't going anywhere. Call me an animal. No pun intended.But Maimonide of Brooklyn may very well be the first (and right now, only) vegetarian spot that's had me under its spell, to the point where I've actually craved it. It's conflicting and confusing to admit this, and trust me, typing it all out doesn't make it any more logical to me either. But just try to resist its casual-cool demeanor and veggie goodness. Wait, what am I saying? Where did this come from? Who am I? Man, it's enough to make one's head explode...
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,4/3/2013,68,213,4,9,5>I'm giving Chavela's 5 stars because it really *is* as good as it gets (con un "Whoohoo!") but I dread actually eating here.   The restaurant itself is the poster boy for the fact that the neighborhood is beginning to gentrify, and along with a select few other places on Franklin, proof positive that this is the perfect neighborhood for restaurant entrepreneurs to try their hand at establishing something high quality and upscalish.   The place is packed.  The tables are packed very closely together which means you'll be eating almost German beer hall style.  Expect to feel included in the two conversations to your left and right.  The place is cramped and noisy.Entradas:========Guacamole: A-Comes with 4 or 5 small round fried tortillas (not chips) which are very crispy and have a wonderful flavor.  This appetizer is large: it's appropriate for 2 or 3 people.  The crispy fried tortillas are an A.  The guacamole itself is very good; nice cilantro flavor.  I wish they hadn't mashed it to an even consistency; I like my guac a bit more chunky.  A little more onion, tomato and lime juice would've made this an A dish.Tlacoyo con Napoles: C+I'm not a fan of napoles; I find them slimy, like boiled okra.  So perhaps you shouldn't take my word for this dish.  If you like napoles, I'm sure you'd love this dish, so don't listen to me.Tostada with Shrimp: AThe perfect tostada.  All ingredients super fresh, and the bottom fried tortilla was super crispy and tasty.  Stayed nice and crispy for the duration of the meal.  Shrimp were delicious.  Very impressive tostada!Queso Fundido (con chorizo): A+It's basically a hash.  They give you small warm tortillas which you can make into queso fundido tacos which are out of this world.  Very highly recommended.Tamale (cheese with jalapeño pepper): B+Filling is grade A delicious.  Fantastic!  The masa, although very soft and very moist, had a faint but discernible strange fennel flavor to it, and I don't like fennel.Ensaladas y Sopas===============Sopa de Tortilla: A-Delicious vibrant tomatillo flavor.  My only negative comment is that it's a little bit too salty for my tastes.Sopa de Frijoles: A+I normally don't give A+.  An A+ means something that is not only perfect, but also, something I would have a very difficult time not ordering each and every time I come here.   This is a perfect bean soup.Tortas=====Carne Enchilada: B-Nice flavor, but too much bread and too dry.  The filling-to-bread ratio was too low.Brunch=====Huevos Abogados: A-Potato Hash excellent.  Eggs cooked perfectly.  I don't recall there being guac on my dish and I had to ask for a little cup of extra jalapeño hollandaise sauce b/c there wasn't enough.Chilaquiles (which chorizo): A+Perfection.  Eggs cooked perfectly.  Tomatillo sauce was perfect.Brunch Refuerzos=============Bacon: A+Cooked perfectly and super tasty!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/2/2013,181,563,3,6,3>Oh Aska how I love you.  How many ways can I love one restaurant really?  I mean really, this place blew my mind.  Lots of people have described the menu in detail, so I won't bother doing that.  I will tell you however, that in terms of modern and innovative cuisine this place sets the bar very high.  The chef came out to our table several times, and we appreciated his attention to detail as well as his interest in our enjoyment of his creations.The salsify blew Nelly's mind, while the rutabaga in all its forms wowed me.  I couldn't get over the monkfish while others loved the pork.  The pork belly was not for me, but the dessert, with cardamom ice cream, hazelnuts and brown butter cream was to DIE for.  Ok I lied, I did enumerate the menu.The drinks were incredible, and strong, which only served to enhance the whole evening.  Chris was so gracious, and invited us ALL to dinner, but the price tag was acceptable by all means.  We will be back, as the seasons change so will the food.  I totally loved the concept, the execution, the service and the creativity.  Bravo Aska!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/1/2013,49,221,4,7,1>If you're in the mood for slightly precious Mexican food (along with the precious price tag), Gran Electrica is the place.The food is good. We had the mackerel ceviche, which was quite nice--very fresh balanced with pomegranate seeds, and some solid ultra fresh guacamole for starters.Mi esposa bonita had the market fish which was Dorade, served whole with the head (and sent back to the kitchen for a quick decapitation), served with some wonderfully scented and spiced rice.  I had the carne asada, ultra juicy and flavorful, cooked exactly to order, and rubbed with a coating and charred perfectly. This was served with tasty non-greasy fried plantains, and a good Mexican slaw.I had two cocktails, the apple flavored picso, which though small was good, and a picante margarita, which put some additional hair on my chest while nearly burning off my lips, but hurt so good.We were praying churros would be on the menu for dessert, and our prayers were answered.  Served with both chocolate and dulce de leche dipping sauce, they were good (though Five Points is still my all time fave).Why four stars and not five?  The food is quite good as well as that service, and I'll be back, but it didn't open up the heavens for the angels singing.  Perhaps it was the ridiculously high noise level that drowned out the angels singing?  It makes me think I'm getting too old for NYC "hip" dining when a table of faux hipsters half my age are yelling at the top of their lungs is supposed to add rather than subtract from the experience.I've lived in the area through at least six different restaurant incarnations at this location and Gran Electric is in the top two.  I look forward to coming back when the weather is warmer to dine in the back garden, which may mitigate the wall of sound inside.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,10/20/2014,37,193,3,9,7>We just closed a week ago on our new home and I waited to post this review just to make sure Kenny was as great as he seemed.  Especially after hearing from friends just how hard it was after getting terrible inspectors, I just wanted to be 100% sure before I posted.  And for a 5-star rating, I cannot say enough just how great our experience was.We called Green Apple Home Inspections on a Saturday and asked for an inspection ASAP.  Kenny came to Staten Island two days later on a Monday morning.  Kenny was amazingly thorough - walked us through each corner and crevice of the house and explained what he found and how it could be improved.  It took us two hours to cover the three-floors + cellar.  Kenny took pictures and showed them to us as he was documenting things that needed fixing.  He tested everything and told us to do the same for the final walk through (assuming we went through with everything).Two months later, we closed on our house and we're moved in and loving it!  The previous owners were gracious enough to make the minor fixes that Kenny found - and we couldn't be happier.  Kenny was amazing to work with and I would strongly, highly and ONLY recommend him to do your home inspection!  Thorough, great report and super friendly and easy to set up an appointment.  You won't go wrong going with Green Apple!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,10/19/2014,34,166,4,4,5>Best tacos in all five boroughs.  I am partial to the carne enchilada (spicy pork).  The restaurant is currently undergoing renovations, but they have a truck set up outside so your taco needs don't have to go unfulfilled.  They have a variety of meats, including chicken, roast pork, spicy pork, steak, and-- to the delight of my friend-- lengua.  While I'll pass on the tongue, the others (I've had steak and chicken) are fantastic.  The tacos are served with radishes, limes, cucumbers, onions, cilantro, and a green sauce.  There is also a selection of hot sauces if you want to add some kick.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/18/2014,84,213,1,5,5>I really love this place. I didn't think I did until the last few times I ate here. This place screams "neighborhood spot" to me, in a good way.The sandwiches here are magnifique! All of them are made to order, stuffed with great ingredients, sometimes mixed in unexpected combinations, and always filling. Sandwiches like The Reuben and Macho Man/Woman are what you want to eat when you're starving or hungover. The egg breakfast sandwich with arugula and tangy cheddar is a bodega bacon-egg-and-cheese's fancier cousin.Service here is quick and the hipsters that work both the kitchen and counter are pretty friendly. The sitting area in the back has about 8 tables and is full of light. The front grocery area has a random selection of hot sauces, chips, pasta, and ready-to-eat food including a fried chicken which for some reason I have not yet tried.If I was to be an owner of a business, I would want it to be like Court Street Grocer. Right?
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,10/17/2014,476,542,27,34,29>::How come this place is listed on Yelp as a Brazilian restaurant? Brazil is facing the Atlantic Ocean, not the Pacific::This is what I thought before discovering that Pacifico's Fine Foods is the restaurant of Shanna Pacifico, who worked as chef with farm-fresh, seasonal food guru Peter Hoffman at Back Forty. Instead of creating yet another farm-to-table restaurant[1] Pacifico, gives her restaurant a Brazilian flair, creating American-Brazilian dishes that are simple, tasty, innovative, and just plain fun.Excellent value too, since most main courses are in $15-20 range, and you could certainly make a meal just out of the many small bites offerings.American influences are seen in dishes like grilled heritage pork shoulder w. cream corn, pickled jalapeño and ruhbarb, ranch ($21). The delicious grilled chicken hearts with chipotle mayo ($5), is a very Brazilian dish, just like the yucca-pork fritters ($5).There is ample use of pickles, not only in food, but in drinks as well. In fact, some pickles are prepared exclusively for cocktails like in the Pickled Gibson, or the Mezcal Shake.Of the dishes I tried, the seafood ones were all great. These include a fantastic local surf clam special where the clam is chopped up into small pieces and then fried; or crab meat filled tomato over homemade biscuit. There is a different ceviche every day, and the dayboat scallop ceviche I had w. a side of quinoa salad with string beans and bacon was excellent.The pan seared Spanish mackerel w. banana, sweet potatoes, and cabbage ($22) was as tasty a dish as it was fun; and the Montawk squid a la plancha w. cocoa brown butter & pickled red onions ($11) was one of the most interesting dishes I've had this year. Beautiful plate presentation too!The vegetarian summer squash "pappardelle" w. ricotta squash blossom dish ($9) was also excellent, with the squash cut in thin, wide ribbons that mimic the texture and consistency of pappardelle. The grilled romaine salad w. white Spanish anchovies, parmesan, and roasted tomato vinaigrette ($11) suffered from parmesan overload: just substitute the grated parmesan with shaved one, and the this will be lighter and tastier.The fried meat dishes, even though sounded interesting, fared less well with me. A pork chicharrones special ($13) and the chicarrones de pollo w. spicy summer slaw ($17) were  both a bit too heavy for me.The coconut panna cotta ($7) is a nice way to end the meal, if you have room left.This is a great addition to the neighborhood; a place where you can have tasty dishes reasonably priced in a cozy (the place is small), welcoming place. Or just stop by for cocktails and one or two of the small bites to catch up with a friend, or for a first date.PS: Starters are $1 each ALL DAY on Cheap Ass Mondays.---------------[1] In the end, just a few blocks away in the same neighborhood we have the excellent Mayfield: yelp.com/biz/mayfield-br
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,10/16/2014,25,77,2,10,8>They have more vegetarian options now, so I've tried enough of the menu to offer a verdict on this trendy gastropub. The veggie burger is really the best ever. They make it in house, and I don't know everything in it, but it is not soy or a bunch of filler. Get it with the gruyere, because it is a little crumbly, but very moist and tender. The whole grain bun is very good.The new carrot salami appetizer is very unusual, but fun. It looks like sliced carrots and tastes like salami. They serve it with beer mustard and cornichons. The garbanzo appetizer is cool, too. They're not roasted, so they're still green and in their hull. They come steamed with salt and lime, a little like edamame.I had a delicious salad special the other day, too, of heirloom tomatoes with a little sorrel and some pickled cactus from Mattituck. They're doing some interesting things with the kitchen. Keep up the good work!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,10/15/2014,326,607,4,6,7>This is a really nice and clean space. Asian owned, friendly, they let you sample as many flavors to your heart's desire. When I came in they had pretty exotic flavors like Pumpkin, Raspberry sorbet, Espresso, Burnt Caramel, Strawberry Shortcake. Probably close to at least 16 flavors like 16 Handles. So there's that. Fresh appearing ingredients, though I didn't put many on top. Many of them asian: those little boba balls (whatever you call them), mochi, etc. A plethora of candy bar and cookie items to crumble on top as well with caramel, fudge, peanut butter, and marshmallow fluff. It's not over-ridden yet with kids like Yogurt Land around the block. Also, its like across the street from my gym so I really couldn't resist. They also sell fruit smoothies and bubble tea which is unique for a fro-yo place.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,10/14/2014,307,1212,5,8,8>I'd been meaning to come to Shelsky's ever since they were at a Yelp summer event. But they were always a little bit too inconvenient. Flash forward a year later, and they've moved to a spot on Court street right off of Atlantic (opposite the Trader Joe's).The space itself is still a work in progress, with no real seating area (which makes it a bit confusing when they ask if your meal is for here or to go). But we were told, come fall, there'd be a bar for dining.I went with the Brooklyn Native because I was in the mood for some nova lox. It also came with smoked whitefish salad, herring and pickles. I got it on an everything bagel, and boy was it rich. Good thing I was planning on going to the gym afterwards anyway (warning: any and all burps will smell like fish for the rest of the day).The lox were as fresh as could be, and the whitefish salad added some moisture to the mix. Very solid sandwich, though the portions make it more apt for lunch than breakfast.We were also served by Peter Shelsky himself. Really nice guy.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,10/13/2014,674,592,5,8,6>"Is this the place where you ate the silk worms and the grasshoppers during a Yelp event?" was the question when I proposed coming to this place with my fiancee.  I'm not sure if my answer would be the one to break the camel's back, or to say he's all in; we ended up making reservations on the most rain-est Friday of the year.  It was worth it.We were seated in the back corner, and the wait staff was friendly and attentive.  The menu is super tempting, and we were sure to ask what certain items were that we weren't too keen on.  I opted for the ovaltine ribs and the chicken satay as appetizers, at first.  Then, the waiter came over and asked if I braved to try their insect selection, to which I said I did, and then I guess my fiancee buckled under masculine pressure, and ordered us a plate of grasshoppers.  This delighted the waiter as he went into the kitchen.  I wasn't quite too sure what just happened, but I knew I was now going to get a dinner and a show.We thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers in the following order: ribs, satay, and then the grasshoppers.  We did do some insect damage (3/4 was gone) and we then ordered our entrees.  I got the Kee' Mao, which was so flavorful and spicy; it was exactly what I wanted, where my significant other got the mock duck Pad Thai.  His portion looked huge in comparison to mine, but I was really happy I got what I got.  Lovely plating, and served hot.  If you are looking for REAL Thai flavors, look no further than right here.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,10/12/2014,153,290,1,9,4>Hallelujah! A taqueria that serves Mexican food that is authentic and it's in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn!  Very good tacos and tasty sopas. The wait may seem a bit long because there's only 2 people preparing food.  Well worth it.  You can order at the bar for food to-go but you can get table service if you want.  There are only 4 small tables though.I am coming back !!!!!!!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2014,10/11/2014,228,488,5,6,5>Not the cheapest, but incredibly convenient & well stocked. They carry Wellness small breed healthy weight (my go-to dog food), musher's secret, supplies for dog anxiety (my pup is new to NYC), and poop bags, which pretty much covers all of my dog buying needs. Only wish they'd stock the kind of bags I (feel silly but) like to buy: green recycled bags that are lavender scented in the rolls (yes, I feel ridiculous typing that and even more so buying them but it's nice when you can't find a trash to not have to smell poo for blocks and blocks).Also: the owner seems really really nice.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,5/21/2013,147,201,6,9,10>Jane's Carousel is a guaranteed good time. Located in Brooklyn Bridge Park and overlooking the water, this place is perfect for the kids or even a date. It's seriously something from a post card. Beautifully painted horses and a few chariots all enclosed in a glass cube. Once you've ridden to your hearts content (twice if you are like me and suffer vertigo fairly easily), there's so much more to do in the area. Bring a picnic basket and set up camp right next to the carousel. There are more than enough tables if you come on a moderately busy days. If tables are limited (might be the case in the summer months), you can always plop your caboose on the rock. I came with my 2 year old for her birthday (you can also reserve a picnic table ahead of time but we did not) and had a wonderful time. She rode for free and hubby and I paid $2 each. The line moved quickly. They have enough horses to accommodate 45/50 guests. Afterwards, we watched the few boats sailing past and then went to the nearby kiddie park. Who says you need a lot of cash to have fun in NYC?
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/20/2013,846,930,3,13,7>I am so glad this place has stayed in business for so long. I had been wanting to take lessons to drive a manual transmission for years, and when I finally decided to, they were still in business and got me trained and driving stick in no time! I may have had three lessons tops, and the teacher was very very nice and gentle with me. He put me on a hill and that's basically how it all clicked in my mind. I might be returning to take the road test through them for my motorcycle license soon.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,5/19/2013,618,1991,4,7,4>This is by far the largest and nicest of all the Caracas Arepa Bars (so far there's one on the LES and on the Rockaway Beach boardwalk). They have a bar area in the front including a counter open to the sidewalk, in the back there's plenty of seating, and beyond that is a good sized outdoor patio. I came here during happy hour (4-7pm) where you can get a can of Modelo and a shot of rum for $4, how can you beat that?? The best part of my time here was that there wasn't a wait at all, something you rarely find at the other location in Manhattan. The service was friendly and they take cards too making the process here pleasant. I ordered my all time favorite food, the Pabellon Arepa. For the uninformed, pabellon is the national dish of Venezuala consisting of shredded beef, a crumbly salty white cheese, sweet plantains, and black beans. This can be had as a plate ($15) or stuffed into an arepa ($7.50). If you're going with the latter know that 1 isn't quite a meal so get two if you're really hungry or at least a appetizer. The arepa surprisingly came in the matter of a few minutes and was delicious. It wasn't quite as good as I've had elsewhere but the combination of flavors is still amazing. I wish the arepa was 6 bucks for a better value but when there isn't too many other options around, you can jack the price up a little. The one thing that surprised me is that Caracas doesn't make cachapas, a traditional Venezualan dish consisting of soft melted cheese inside of a sweet corn cake. If you're looking for this and the best arepa in the city, go to Arepa Cafe in Queens but this place is a worthy runner up if you don't want to travel.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,5/18/2013,557,1415,6,5,6>Epic Yelp guru Jimmy S helped me out of a jam when he gave me the 411 for where to get some baked clams in Bay Ridge.I'd made a joking promise to bring baked clams to a party because usually all I bring is beer.  Me and food usually don't turn out too well.  However, word got around and soon everyone was clamoring (get it?) for clams.  Needing to save face, I had to determine where to procure these hard-shelled delicacies.    Jimmy S recommends two places and one of them is two blocks from where I'm going...I called ahead on my way down from Park Slope and they were ready when I got there.  Picked them up, took them over....long story short, all three orders were devoured.  To use my favorite phrase, my friends were on them like a dingo at a day care.So, thanks to Jimmy S and the clams, I looked like a champ rather than a chump.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,5/17/2013,38,109,2,9,4>Remarkably, Fairway Market seems to have taken the destruction and havoc wrought by Hurricane Sandy and emerged better for it. This is not any attempt to minimize the suffering of Red Hook in general, only an effort to point out that Fairway, on reopening, is superior to its pre-hurricane incarnation.You'll still find the good prices that Fairway was always known for, but my issues with the layout have been largely addressed. There are some points of confusion here and there, but the aisles have been rebuilt and are far more spacious which aids in keeping traffic flowing throughout the store. And, yes, there is still traffic but that's to be expected in any popular NYC retail destination.Fairway has also added a little cafe in the rear of the store with a nice deck area (enclosed when I went last weekend) to eat. Food was good, though the process of ordering, pick up, and payment can get a bit crowded and confusing.All-in-all, this is the best place to shop that I've seen in NYC. I only wish it were more accessible by train, but that kind of applies to all of Red Hook. Then again, if all of Red Hook were more accessible by train, it would probably be about half as awesome as it is.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,5/16/2013,24,112,4,5,4>Heard good things from a few friends and knew it was only a matter of time before I came here myself. We ventured out on a freezing cold night, but were ushered inside by the warm hostess. ICI is a wonderful farm to table seasonal type restaurant. We ordered a bottle of wine and to start we had the shrimp appetizer. It was baby shrimp which are very cute to look at but not quite as tasty as full grown shrimp. But the mains were where we really hit the jackpot. I had the smoked duck breast and my husband had the braised short ribs. Both dishes were perfection. We kept switching back and forth and couldn't decide which one we liked better. The atmosphere is simple but they take their food seriously!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,5/15/2013,598,616,4,7,6>A new wine store three blocks from my house, AND it's kosher?! My life keeps getting better and better. :D This place is beautiful - and even though you've arrived for alcohol, you will definitely be stopped in your tracks by the gorgeous, soft, wood and brick decor. Especially at this time of year, it's incredibly romantic and cozy to be in this atmosphere. From the second I walked in, everyone was super friendly. The two guys working the front of the store greeted me warmly and directed me to the owner. If you need suggestions, just ask for Moishe - I was looking for a red blend and he suggested one (Alfasi malbec-syrah blend - he let me sample it before I bought it, so nice!) that was a hit not only with me and my boy but also my roommate, who later suggested it to a friend she had over. He said it goes well with pizza, which is exactly what the boy had just picked up. Seriously! Now, that's a successful suggestion (and possibly psychic?!). Moishe wins. Big time. I have been buying wine at the liquor store down the street, but the selection there is nothing, nothing, nothing compared to here where they really know what they're talking about, on top of having a beautiful store and great selection. I've heard whispers about this place for a while now, and actually walk by a lot given that I live down the street, but like an idiot I never heeded suggestions until now. Well, now I know, and I'll be spreading the word. So glad to have a beautiful, customer-oriented, product knowledgeable wine store in the neighborhood that also incidentally caters to our kosher needs as well. Five stars, hands down.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,5/14/2013,208,152,4,7,6>The food here is absolutely amazing!  I'm a true Russian Brooklynite and I have loved Uzbek food my whole life!  This place does it right!  The grilled eggplant salad is amazing.  Get the traditional bread and plov for sure.   The lula kebob, calf liver, and lamb are amazing!  I also really like the salmon kebob!  And of course, no Uzbek meal is complete without samsa (uzbek empanada) and manti (dim sum style dumplings), both of which are phenomenal here!  The pumpkin samsa is my new favorite!  My family comes here for Friday night dinners and we have had private banquet parties as well.  I am trying to cut meat out of my diet, but I know I can find great veggie alternatives here.  All the salads, pumpkin samsa, fish, and traditional bread is more than enough to fill you up, even if skipping the traditional meats.  And last but not least, this place is CHEAP!  You forget you are still in NYC!  A must try!  One caveat....do NOT expect traditional American waiter service or "warm and fuzzy" customer service of any kind.  Russians and Bukharians are just different.   They are not intentionally trying to be rude.  Their top concern is the quality of the meal, not making you feel special.  So, just keep an open mind and enjoy the yummy eats! Not 5 stars because there is ALWAYS a wait!  They should buy out the neighboring businesses and expand.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,5/13/2013,307,1212,4,7,6>Best banh mi I've had in Brooklyn in a LONG time. I'm torn between writing this review because I don't want there to be a line out the door every time I come, but I also want this place to still be in business next time I want a great banh mi sandwich! It reminds me of the banh mi of my childhood (in Brooklyn Chinatown when it costs $2.75 and you got one hell of a meal).The guys who work here are nice (at least the ones who speak English), and the two sandwiches I tried (the traditional and the grilled pork) were both amazing. I liked the grilled pork a bit more, as the flavoring was stronger and it reminded me of how good banh mi could be (grilled pork is a staple of Vietnamese "fast" food).Only complaint was that the "spicy" wasn't even that spicy at all. Luckily, they had two bottles of sriracha ready to go at their eat-in counter (it seated 4, but not comfortably).My only real complaint is that their menu lists their rolls as spring rolls and also makes distinctions for some summer rolls. But it appears as if they're all really summer rolls (at least the duck breast one that we had), so be wary of that. They're technically still spring rolls, but not the fried variety. They were still good though.Speaking of fast, service was quick and with a smile (they also deliver for free with a minimum of $10).Bubble tea is a bit pricey (well, not compared to Hanco's), and they don't take credit cards yet (as of 12/15/12), but they will.Also, a dollar off sandwiches for a limited time, and a student discount is also available.Will definitely come back here! Please make sure you all don't crowd the place the day I decide I want some great banh mi!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/12/2013,80,552,4,6,5>For years, before and since I went vegan, I've shopped at Sheepshead Bay Fruit & Veg. I've always been serious about the quality of my produce, but now I'm even more particular. Much of their produce is organic and all of it is gorgeous. I also find many of the certain grocery items I need, such as California-grown brown basmati rice, many kinds of dried mushrooms, grapeseed oil, Bragg's Raw Apple Cider Vinegar, Huy Fong Sriracha, nondairy milks, spices ... saves me from trekking to the food co-op. I think their pricing is about the same or a little higher than an ordinary supermarket, and significantly lower than the co-op. The staff is helpful and pleasant, and I love that they're open 24 hours and have a small parking lot (enter on E. 17th St).
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,6/2/2014,256,200,3,8,5>I happened to walk by Baked in Brooklyn at the most opportunistic time.The smell of baking bread seamlessly surrounds the place, and is impossibly intoxicating. The storefront is simple yet just--almost as if it is encouraging you not to judge a book by its cover, but by the scent of baking bread emanating through the open air and into the barren streets. I inhaled the smell of bread hungrily and the aroma was so vibrant, I could almost taste it--caramelizing sugar from shriveling raisins dotting a heap of dough as it sits and swells in a hot oven. I don't think I've ever smelled anything so beautiful in my life.My companions and I lost focus on whatever destination we had in mind and entered the bakery in a drunken aromatic haze. The inside was small but behind the glass walls, you can watch a bread-making paradise. Bakers folding and shaping dough, while countless shelves of nearly ready dough sit behind them, rising excitedly. Regretfully full from our lunch, we sought out a modest bag of Apricot thumbprint cookies for $4. How guilty I would have felt if we had left without a memento of this experience. The cookie? Divine, buttery, and sweetly enjoyed under the heavy sun on our backs as we continued our journey through West Brooklyn.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,6/1/2014,61,85,6,9,7>Fulton Grand is the perfect perch for contemplating the meaning of life or exchanging the silliest yo mama jokes. Honestly, life here is more about the latter. I save my heavy contemplation for a bar without:-Nico, the lovely lady pouring the stiffest drinks on Fulton street;-fun fellow patrons that want to know your name;-simple but clean décor;-interesting drink specials that actually taste good.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/31/2014,7,294,4,6,5>As we left Dover on Saturday night and walked out into the rain, I believe the word "exceptional" was used over and over again to describe our experience.Awesome service (attentive but not cloying), fantastic food (the squid ink tagliatelle and the striped bass were winners), and unmatched value (two amuse bouches to start off and a cookie at the end) all made Dover a really amazing meal. I'll definitely be back, and next time I'll try the tasting menu.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,5/30/2014,143,120,7,10,8>I have a special place in my heart for Franklin Park, but I don't know necessarily where that place is. I also don't know what kind of place Franklin Park is after 4 years of coming here; what you get depends on when you come. Man, is this a versatile establishment.Bar, brunch spot, afternoon hangout, happy hour, club. It's everything. My personal favorite time here is the daytime, weekend or weekday, when the weather is nice and  you can sit outdoors to absorb one of their very many fantastic beers at their absurdly reasonable prices. Friday and Saturday nights, the place becomes a party, almost a zoo; Franklin has to be the liveliest spot for miles on the weekend. There's a dance floor in the main bar and more of a dive feel in the back bar. The place does get seriously ghettoed out sometimes , but that makes for tons of entertainment as well; although the frequency of the fights/brawls has diminished with time. They're connected to Dutch Boy Burger, which makes for a more than satisfactory bar food addition to your experience; you have access to the Dutch Boy menu straight from the bar / outdoor area. I had a birthday daytime booze celebration over here one time that went over real well , and my friends and I like to stop by often during the summer to start a night, end a night, or make a night out of it.. Considering I live nowhere near this place, my resolve in making it out here for four years is testament to it's quality. Easy five stars for everything they've done with this joint and the authenticity they have maintained throughout. If you're reading this and you dont have any plans in the immediate future., you should be at Franklin Park right now.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/29/2014,274,226,6,10,8>Wow...This has got to be some of the best food I've had in Brooklyn.  I've lived in Crown Heights since August and unfortunately I've been too lazy to really explore the hood, save for a beef patty here and there.  I had a friend in from the city who was craving Trini food and Yelp steered us to Trini-Gul!  Our bellies thank you, Yelp!First off, the place seems like a typical take-out joint, but there are 3 or 4 tables to sit down and eat if you please.  You walk in and, no matter what ridiculous polar vortex shit that is happening outside, you're transported to a little slice of island life.  The Caribbean beats are bumpin and the staff is super friendly.  It was our first time specifically having Trini food so I asked the counter girl for suggestions.  We ended up with a goat roti, bake and shark, and jerk chicken with several veggie sides.  The goat was spicy and tender, but watch out for the bones if you want to keep your teeth in your mouth.  The bake and shark was a refreshing take on a fish sandwich; I loved the hot sauce and pickles.  And boy oh boy, that jerk chicken!  It was succulent, juicy, spicy, like no other jerk I've ever had.  The sides we had were pumpkin, spinach, bitter melon, and okra.  Buttery, savory, crunchy... just yum yum yum!  To wash it all down I got a passion fruit juice which was fresh and not too sweet.  They also sell a range of Trini treats and snacks to go.Lunch totaled a mere $27.  The accompanying food coma was free.CASH ONLY!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/28/2014,40,338,7,7,6>I took my parents here during the Winter Olympics, in an attempt to show them that the modern urban Russian is more than just oligarch mansions, megaclubs and incomplete hotel rooms. (Three weeks later I'd also have to deal with neo-empire ambitious, using minority rights as a pretext for invasion and a general disregard for the international process.)I'm sure the nice women who run Dillinger's want to steer clear of politicking, which is too bad since this place is such a good argument for the complexity of Russian culture in the 21st century. This place is in many ways the mirror image of the fun, hip and relaxed places that dominate the east bank of St. Petersburg (Moscow, with its much greater population and concentration of billionaires, can be a harder nut to crack). Whereas those places are Russia via Williamsburg, this is Brooklyn with a dab of the Rus.There are no 'in Soviet Union car drives you' cliches, both in the decor (open, airy with some excellent contemporary air) and on the menu.Brunch is the most ambitious time of the day - recent options included buckwheat pancakes with the very Russian fruit blackberries and fish stew. Most of the seating is at communal benches, with a smattering of private two tops near the windows. A back space promises a perfect place to discuss the disappointment of Kasporov's political career, the best late-period Chekov story or why Russians make the very best sour cream. While I polished off not one but nearly two orders of pelmeni, my parents snacked on spins on a hot dog and grilled cheese, each made special by that Russian love of the sour (pickles and relish) and the savory (more dairy). While writing this I've been looking at the Dillinger's Instagram page, which shows an incredible variety of specials, from an Uzbek plov to a three seed French toast. It sounds improbable, much like anything that comes out of Russian these days. I'm sure it's also delicious. Could Dillinger's ease the tensions that are building between our two countries? I actually think so.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,5/27/2014,116,655,7,9,6>Brooklyn Farmacy is the neighborhood dessert hang out. Serving up sundaes and pies a la 1950's pep, its a fun place to hang out after a meal or for a quick treat. I enjoy people watching here while getting my ice cream or milkshake fix. The desserts are sweet, as you would expect. A few of their selections are novel - hibiscus and ginger syrups, cardamom ice cream, seasonal baked goods, organic candied cherries. Portions are sizable (which makes up for the high price point). But for the most part, you're not getting a super unique product that is worth travelling for. The ambiance is what makes Brooklyn Farmacy stand out. With a long counter to watch the soda jerks and a rear game room to get your Scrabble on, the place is designed to let you hang out for a bit. Not a lot of places encourage sitting and shooting the breeze, so Brooklyn Farmacy is great for hanging out or finishing up that dinner conversation. Brooklyn Farmacy also offers Brooklyn made merchandise, so while you wait for a seat, feel free to peruse the walls and shop local. But try to avoid busy times with a line at all, since the anticipation may not live up to the hype.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/26/2014,241,303,13,9,9>Let's be real. What consenting adult doesn't enjoy a sex shop?This place isn't the strap-on hanging from the roof, pervy guy behind the counter, back room full of weird sounds kinda place. This is the modern day informative cashier, samples to try, demonstrations upon request, from everyday looking people kinda joint.I've been her several times and walked out with a smile, small bag, and sinister intentions (for that special girl) every time. The prices are reasonable, the shelves are fully stocked, they actually have a return policy (for certain things lol), and there's usually a deal going on...just ask.i'll probably be back again sometime soon. If I see any of my fellow yelpers in there I'll treat them to a lube ;)Cash & Credit
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/25/2014,58,100,6,11,8>Brought to you by James Li, a former Sushi Chef at Sen NYC and native of Fuzhou China.  The BBQ skewers, ramen, and Pork Buns are all amazing.  Sure they can all be found in the neighborhood already, but no other place offers the ambiance that Moon and Flower House delivers.  I love the Lamb and the Oyster skewers and several of the others out of the many that are offered!The place is also a relaxing place to grab a cup of tea or have a dessert.  There is a sexy little lounge area in the rear of the restaurant and a huge patio for future summertime seating.  I don't know of another place in Sunset Park that offers Chinese foods and outdoor seating! Definitely check this place out.  5 Stars.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,5/24/2014,57,394,5,8,4>This stretch of Myrtle is the perfect spot for this giant BBQ joint. I came on a Friday and thought it would be busier, but there were plenty of tables available. The set up is split into two sections: the larger dining hall where you can order food, and a smaller lounge/bar off to the side up front. I spent the night in the larger room, but did take a tour to see where everything was. There are many long communal tables in the bigger room and a horse-shoe shaped bar. Your order your food at a window close to the entrance and come back when it's ready. I split a combo that included 3 ribs, 2 meats and 2 sides, with the pulled pork and brisket as the meats and potato salad and veggie chili as sides. Everything was smoky and tender--the brisket was my favorite meat, and I couldn't stop eating the chili. Make sure to try all the sauces as well, to add more favor. I also had the frozen whiskey sour, which was on the sweeter side but I was a fan of that. I didn't have any issues with service at the bar and everyone was friendly/having a good time.The music switched from rock to 80's-90's dance tunes during the meal and some people in the way back started a mini dance party. A great place to bring a large group or host a birthday party. Also fun for an interesting date idea.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,11/5/2012,26,92,3,5,3>I had never heard of shakshuka until Mimi's Hummus (or as I lovingly refer to it, Himi's Mummus...try saying it, you know u like it) and now my mate and I are big shakshuka fans. Shakshuka at mimi's is like a tomato-y stew with eggs. It comes with a little side Israeli salad (diced tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions). The hummus here is also delicious, creamy and fresh. The pita bread is soft, thick, fluffy, and warm. The kind of bread my dreams are made of, if you really want to know.This place is very small, but the wait has never been that bad when I've come in. Get yourself some Mimi's.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/4/2012,15,400,10,7,2>Not like Prospect Heights needed another excellent coffee shop, but here we are. The nice thing about Crosby Coffee is that despite being not that big, the place is never crowded. A combination of being a little hard to find (the entrance is two doors down on Bergen) and new? I'll take it.The coffee here is good, and the granola even better, but I do want to poke a little fun at Crosby for serving all their drinks in mason jars. Really? With its white wooden furniture, Crosby Coffee is one bunting shy of being a Brooklyn wedding. Nevertheless, I'd rather read the morning paper in this quiet café than any other coffee shop between Flatbush and Bedford.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/3/2012,227,321,10,8,6>The moment you know you've failed as a Yelper is when you realize that you never reviewed your favorite pizza spot. I NEVER reviewed L&B's in the two years I've been on Yelp, through countless check-ins (I'm still gunning for that crown!), and through all my pit-stop-passing-by-lets-grab-a-slice-real-quick bull shit.How do I explain L&Bs to a commoner who has never before tasted such excellence? How can I accurately describe the perfect combination of cheese, sauce, cheese to thick doughy bread? Buffoons may mock the science that goes into  making the perfect slice - I shrug these non-New Yorkers off and toss them a Papa Johns menu so they can live their boring lives out without ever knowing real happiness. Someone who doesn't like L&Bs is someone I don't want to know. The owner is the shit. Nicest man I have ever met in my damn life. Gave me a hat and a shirt just because he's the best. I proudly rock my L&Bs t-shirt to sleep while I dream about their spumoni.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,11/2/2012,68,213,3,6,4>Bar Corvo sprung up where Teddy's used to be.  Teddy's was a dreadful Greek restaurant with terrible, horrible food.  Bar Corvo is, in a word, stupendous.  We are SO lucky that Teddy's died and got replaced by Bar Corvo.Bar Corvo is also proof that the neighborhood is changing and is a fertile ground for more enterprising restauranteurs.   Look at Bar Corvo.. or Chavela's.  Wait times for a dinner table is typically around an hour.  Bar Corvo doesn't even take reservations -- because they don't have to.  Business is booming, and you'd never know there were so many middle class / upper middle class people in the neighborhood until you go to someplace like this on a Friday night.  This neighborhood can definitely support one or two more high-quality restaurants.Service was excellent.  The kitchen is out in the open, always a great thing for a restaurant.  Decor is sparse but intimate.  Seating is more comfortable than it looks.  We didn't feel hovered over, not did we feel crowded by other diners.As for food, I pretty much have nothing to add to the other reviewers who rave about it.  Lamb Shank: AMeat is the tender "literally melts off the bone" kind of cooked.  No knife required.Pork Chops: A+Might very well be the best pork chop I've ever had in my life.Cauliflower: A+Every bit as good as everyone else says it is.Mac and Cheese: B+Very good.  A light cheddar; don't expect tangy cheddar.  Also a nice breadcrumb crust on top.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,11/1/2012,889,1315,4,4,5>Whaaaaaaat?!! Why didn't anyone tell me about this spot? I feel like I'm the last to discover delicious Mexican tortillas made fresh on the spot. The restaurant is tiny with only five or six tables. Food made as authentic as it gets. You order by writing down what you would like to eat. I don't think the cooks speak a word of English. Luckily my friend was able to translate it all.  I didn't try any of the meat ones since I only eat seafood now. They don't have any seafood dishes but thats perfectly okay because it was the best vegetarian taco with fresh avocado slices. OMG only $2.25 for each taco?! Geez.. I should of ordered five but I only ordered two so I didnt look like a pig. lol I think I'm going to bring my roommate here tomorrow for sure. The restaurant is housed in the same spot as the tortilla factory and you can buy wholesale.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,10/31/2012,27,680,3,5,3>This tiny corner doughnut shop on the border of Clinton Hill and Bed-Stuy is a low-key place, nicely integrated into the neighborhood.  Their well-known doughnuts find their way onto various local eateries, as well as food fairs like Smorgasburg.  But up until I took a trip here to pick up some to-go, I've never actually had their doughnuts.Inside the bright little store, surrounded by windows, is just a space before the counter where the colorful doughnuts sit lined up on two wood shelves.  There is counter space at the windows looking out for standing to dine-in.  Off to the left you can see some of the doughnut production going on behind a glass wall.  The friendly clerk offered to help with selection, but as he had good things to say about so many flavors, it was more description than help; it all comes down to your preference for flavors anyway.Their yeasty doughnuts are plump and bigger than usual.  Many have colorful glazes, and I was definitely interested in their hibiscus and blood orange flavors.  We selected the bright blood orange, marked with a sliver of candied orange, and the Nutella-filled doughnut.  Both were fairly fluffy, a bit crisp on the outside.  I liked the blood orange's tart/sweet flavor and will need to give their hibiscus version of the same a try.  For someone who generally doesn't like doughnuts, Dough makes a doughnut that I'd have again, with interesting flavors to further tempt me back.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,10/30/2012,177,109,1,10,6>I've lived in New York for three years now, and I still travel home to Pittsburgh to get my hair done out of a severe "bad-haircut" phobia.  Well, I decided I wanted to experiment a little and stumbled across the edgy Hair Metal salon.  If anyone is going to dye my hair blue, its got to be at a place that knows what they're doing.I called on a Friday and was able to get a next day appointment with Maria.  Maria was very sweet and super talented.  She took her time and gave me some great advice to make my hair look even better.  And seriously, my hair looks kickass.I wanted a blue-green ombre, and Maria carefully went through my hair and applied bleach to small, meticulously chosen sections to make the whole thing blend.  She redid my roots to a color that would match better and then finally applied the teal color.  Topped with a killer haircut and some advice on upkeep, I could not have had a more perfect experience.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,10/29/2012,48,82,3,3,4>My boyfriend and I have passed Gwynnett St a handful of times and said "We need to check that place out!" I was not expecting what we got when we finally did check it out this Friday night.We got to the restaurant, with no reservation, around 7:30 and sat at the bar. I, personally, love sitting at bars. The batenders were all very attentive, informative, and made some awesome drinks.We shared the pigs head terrine, the spring salad, and the amish chicken. It was AMAZING. The pigs head was unlike anything I've ever tasted, the spring salad was fresh and exciting (who can say that about a salad?), and the chicken was moist and the skin on it was so crispy and perfect.The drinks were fantastic also. I had the Second Year and my boyfriend had the Wadsworth. After the meal I was too stuffed and satisfied for a dessert so I opted for a cocktail. I told the bartender what liquors I liked and didn't liked and he made me a "Fancy White Russian". It was fancy and AWESOME. I could have drank 3 of them (before passing out).I will definitely be back here, if not to eat and try the rest of the dishes out, but to sit at the bar for a cocktail or two.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,10/28/2012,32,219,,4,4>BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH EVERRR. Seriously, go here. The B63 bus stops directly in front of the bakery. They have bike racks aplenty for you pedal pushers.For 12 bucks, we got: 2 scrambled--not icky microwaved--egg and cheddar (bacon optional) on challah bread sandwiches, a freshly made apple danish, and a hibiscus iced tea. Then, the owner (or manager) threw in a freshly squeezed orange juice on the house. Free! If that weren't enough, they were running a 2 bags of bagels for $1 sale. Note: this week was their first Sunday open, so they were running a limited food menu to test it out. Call ahead if you want to confirm hours/food options.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/27/2012,46,92,2,7,3>Pok pok is spot on, I loved it. Been there twice, and enjoyed a big chunk of the menu. Even if you're scared to move past Pad Thai at your neighborhood joint, you should be able to experience loads of new flavors here.The burmese sausage is probably my favorite, with the Vietnamese catfish a close second. I love it because it's creative and unique, with solid attention to Thai flavors. It's like Arun's in Chicago with less pretention.Haven't had anything I disliked. The papaya salad with crab (Som Tam Pu Ma, I think) brought back memories.The wings are absolutely great, but they're not what will bring me back.Obligatory notice: I lived in Asia for a while and backpacked through Thailand before.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/13/2014,1,3,52,23,18>It was the first Sunday morning of false spring. There was promise in the air, promise of a new beginning and an ending to the long suffering of the eternal winter of 2013/14. Burrowed in my musky dark cave of an apartment, I breathed deeply. Delicate spores of new life and various pollens shot up my nasal canal. I could tell through the shadow and the shades that the sun was shining. It was time. I rolled out of the indentation I had formed in my winter cocoon/bed to make an appointment at Agua De La Vida for a bikini wax. With the end of the month drawing near and therefore limited to no funds to my name, as well as no plans to go to the beach or anywhere that might require a swimsuit, it was the ideal time to get hot wax coated on my nethers and then brutally ripped away with strips of paper by a small, no-shit woman named Sophia in a room the size of my closet. I was ready to begin again. The phone was not ringing at Agua De La Vida, so I stopped by in person to make an appointment for 3pm, adequate time to take pills and get hammered before the painful renewal I would finally achieve. Sophia was immediately accommodating and gave me a hearty wink as if to say, we will become close later, you and I. Three Bloody Marys, two knockoff Excedrin, and one and half hours later, I returned to Agua De La Vida for a date with destiny. The room swam in and out of view. I was drunk for sure. I drank a glass of water they provided me free of charge (!) The woman next to me was also waiting to get her pubic hair ripped out by my petite Asian friend. We shared something, a moment of female camaraderie. I looked at her as if to say, I am with you sister, but are you as drunk as me? She did not look back, but stared at her People mag as if to say, please stop staring at me before I am to get my bikini waxed, drunk girl. My new friend Sophia escorted me into the Wax Palace, which is a closet with a bed. There are 3.75 walls that make up the Wax Palace because there is a foot length gap at the top for ventilation purposes. As Agua De La Vida is rather small and plays pop hits at an audibly soothing volume, everyone getting their feet massaged and calluses buffed can hear the goings-on of the Wax Palace. We were all in it together, now. Me, Sophia, my fellow traveler in the land of pelvic grooming, the five or so Brooklyn youths getting pedicures, and the army of women attending them. Sophia directed me to remove one half of my clothes and so I did. I was in her realm now, the realm of the Wax Palace. I made myself vulnerable to Sophia, I shared with her an intimate moments with my most intimate areas. I gazed into her eyes with pain and fear and she said, "No shave, next time it will not hurt if you do not shave." Tears escaped my eyes. I am not drunk enough for this, I thought to myself. Ripping noises echoed through Agua De La Vida as the Brooklyn youths gazed down at their toenails. "Wait," I told Sophia. Sophia hung back, impatiently. What was I doing? Why was I drunk in Agua De La Vida? It was still February, I did not need to begin summer grooming activities for a good three months. And now, here I was, my head between my legs, softly crying as Sophia yelled something to her coworkers in a language I could not or would not understand, unable to stop the proceedings. The force of Sophia's disappointment would have been too much to handle and also I would look wonky. I was stuck. Then, after what seemed like forever, Sophia gently laid me back down and went to town on my bikini line. Ruthless yet loving, relentless but gentle, Sophia ripped out my pubic hair by its root and then tweezed the ones she couldn't capture with her waxen blade of pain. When I did not have the strength, Sophia was there. When I did not believe I could go on, Sophia wordlessly coached me to ride the surf of pelvic burning and breathe deep. Like no one in my life and in a mere fifteen minutes, Sophia was able to motivate me to reach my full potential, to Never Say Never, to embody an attitude of stick-to-itiveness that I had floppily and lazily abandoned this miserable winter.With a flick of her wrist, Sophia finished and concluded my journey. Though what I owed her could never be repaid, I gave her the quoted price of $30, tipped her handsomely for her services, and exited Agua De La Vida.  Will def return! A great Brooklyn spot.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,5/12/2014,619,418,7,11,8>I must have ordered the wrong thing the first time I came here b/c I recently gave this place another go, and it was out of this world!!! Seriously, the sandwich I ordered was heaven in my mouth! Instead of getting a cold sandwich like on my first visit, I got a hot one (but not toasted)--the No. 26 (ham and salami w/ pepper jack cheese)... and, boy, it was spot on! The bread simply melted in my mouth, and all the ingredients were fresh and tasty.Note that City Sub gives you 4 options when ordering a sandwich--(a) cold (nothing heated), (b) hot (just meat & cheese heated), (c) toasted (only bread toasted), and (d) hot/toasted (bread toasted & meat/cheese heated). Lots of choices, right? ...and then, you have to decide among about 30-odd sandwich varieties on top of all that!!! The first time I went to City Sub, this was all just so overwhelming.... so I think I just made the wrong choice for my pallet. On this recent visit, however, I did my research BEFORE heading in (that is, I hit up Yelp! to see what others had ordered)... and I definitely hit the jackpot!! I'm definitely glad I gave this place another try... and I will surely be going back to get my sandwich on again... and soon!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/11/2014,41,147,4,6,5>I will never look at another slice of pizza the same. I'm spoiled. I'm spoiled rotten. Roberta's takes delicious pizza to a whole different level. I was a little nervous upon entering this sketchy steel door with somebody's bed sheet hanging  in the doorway. When we pulled the sheet back, we were welcomed with the most adorable little spot ! There's an outside area with a fireplace. Man, I just loved everything about this place and I didn't even get to the food.We ordered a pizza that currently slips my mind. It had fresh banana peppers on it! This darn pizza made my knees start shaking. I questioned how can something taste so good? Who was back there making these things? I'm totally planning on trying every single one of their pizzas by the end of 2014. Judge me.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/10/2014,120,162,6,11,7>These are my favorite bagels, probably of all time.  Hell I can't stop thinking about these things, in fact my mouth is salivating right now.I mean its a bagel.  Toasted and cream cheese will cost you 2 dollars.  This is just like everywhere else, save for the fact that these bagels are phenomenal.  I can't put it into words.  Each day when I stop here before work I feel that there is an extra pep in my step, a more productive man arriving to work.  Part of the reason they are so good is that they are made on site instead of some factory in Jersey.  I recently took a dozen down to Philly for Easter weekend.  Honestly people down there did not know what hit them, and on Sunday they were the freshest things in the house.In addition to their great bagels, they also have an amazing Black and White Cookie.  The cookie/cake is not too hard and dry, but rather a nice soft texture coated with semi sweet chocolate and vanilla.  This place is literally heaven on earth and my taste buds are blessed that its on my way to work.... wallet and pants not so much....Honestly,
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,5/9/2014,54,223,9,12,10>I'm a HUGE fan of the original and one and only Four and Twenty Blackbirds in Gowanus, so you can imagine how excited I was to hear about this location opening up near my apartment. As far as food goes, this cafe is undoubtedly one of the best public library cafes out there. The BKPL has really stepped it up, sourcing pastries and pies from Four and Twenty Blackbirds (salted caramel apple, lemon chess, black bottom oat, and salted honey are the 4 staples usually available) and bread from Sullivan Street, linking up with chefs of local notable restos like the Pines and Vinegar Hill House, and offering up Stumptown. Pretty impressive. Even better yet, everything is so reasonably priced- $1.50 for coffee, most pastries under $3, $4.75 for a slice of pie, most sandwiches in the $6-8 range.While in a league of its own, the BKPL cafe still has room for improvement. For starters, the usually amazing pies are simply not as a fresh as they are at the Four and Twenty home base. I'm not sure if the cafe is using pies that've been sitting overnight or pies that have just been sitting around for a while... it's probably logistically not possible to make the pies on premise at the library, but it would definitely be awesome if they could somehow do more deliveries from the home base throughout the day so as to offer the freshest pies possible to customers. The seating at the cafe could definitely use a bit of an upgrade. The tables, chairs and the space, while in an "atrium" (conjuring up images of an airy, bright space), is frankly dated and depressing. Finally, the cafe currently doesn't accept credit cards. Hopefully that'll be up and running soon (credit card = more pies at a time!)!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,5/8/2014,217,257,5,8,7>The natural juices and smoothies at Brooklyn Crepe & Juice Bar are excellent. There isn't a drink ingredient that this place doesn't offer and they don't give you the side eye if your request IS a bit strange (coconut, beets, pineapple and ginger with a shot of whey protein???) I like that the juice/smoothie machine operators sometimes offer you an extra cup of the excess, free of charge if they happen to make too much. The crepes are hot, fresh and delicious and the choices of fillings are numerous. You can have your crepe prepared as a dessert or as a delicious meal. It's a small, cozy space with a counter and and a few chairs at the front if you want to stay awhile. There's also a bench outside to sit and enjoy your purchase during the warmer months.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/7/2014,48,128,7,10,6>Alex knows his stuff. Great haircut and a nice guy. Bonus points because he didn't scoff when I showed him a picture of my David Beckham Hipster Haircut request. I asked him why he didn't charge more, when he could easily get double for his work in this part of town, he said "My customers are more important than my profits." From a business perspective that might be a mistake, but it certainly will make you like him more as a person.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/6/2014,62,204,7,10,8>My boyfriend and I came here for the first time with a friend of ours on a recent Saturday night. Our friend had warned us that we would need to arrive when it opened in order to avoid a long wait, so we showed up at 6. Little did we know that people start putting their names on the list well before they open at 6, so there was already a 2-hour wait when we arrived. We were shocked, but put our name and number in anyway and headed off to a nearby bar to kill time. Still no call by 8, but we headed back anyway to see what was what. We were told that they were waiting for a 3-top to pay, and we would be next. Another 30 minutes elapsed (fortunately it was nice out, so sitting outside to wait wasn't a big deal), and we were finally in!At this point, we were so hungry that we all felt like the food better be amazing in order to justify the wait time. Our friend looked around and noticed that some people were eating meatballs, which weren't on the menu. He asked the server about them, and she said they were something people had ordered off the menu. We asked if we could try one, and she reported there was one left and it was ours. I realize it was just a meatball, but let me tell you, this was probably the best meatball we had ever eaten (along with the marinara sauce and basil). As we were scarfing it down, the chef came over to ask what we thought. He was thinking of putting it on the menu officially and wanted feedback. Needless to say, we had nothing but good things to say about it. We ordered two pizzas--one with pepperoni and mushrooms and the other with artichoke hearts, garlic, and basil. If you order two or more pies (at a small table), they bring them one after the other. The pepperoni and mushroom came first, and it was truly delicious. We all agreed that it made the wait worthwhile. The second pizza was just as good. There were only three of us, but we finished both pizzas. They're very thin, and not as filling as you might expect, so I would recommend ordering more than you think you need.To sum up: yes, the wait is interminable, but if you plan for that and know that your meal will be worth the wait, you won't be disappointed. This is definitely the best brick oven pizza I've ever had.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/5/2014,358,182,4,6,6>A pretty cool little live music bar in Greenpoint.  Went here to support The Suzan (if you like music that you can wiggle to, you should check them out!).  The live performance area is small (pretty much a garage), but it brought me back to teenage years!!  Oooh nostalgia! Friendly people and great vibe.  Will definitely come back to see more local shows.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/4/2014,93,509,7,11,5>As a long time devotee of Taro and their omakase, I have to say that the crown has been passed and Katsuei is easily the best sushi in Brooklyn (a borough not really known for its sushi prowess - so maybe that isn't a tough crown to get).Small and somewhat cozy dining room and sushi bar.They do a few variations of omakase - we were feeling spendy & celebratory and went for the full omakase where you basically just yell 'stop' when you've had too much. Good lord. This was one of those meals when my attractive lady friend (AKA "my foxy wife") and I both said, "oh my god" way too often. Beautiful. Simple. Sea urchin that was rich and briney unlike any I've ever had. Oysters. Octopus (slightly charred). Yellowtail belly. Shad. It was a long night. My memory is fading as we also brought Champagne and paid the corkage fee.Stupendous.Funnily, they also seem to do a good take-out business and it was fun sitting there enjoying these beautiful little pieces of fishy-goodness as a goofy guy was standing nearby ordering chicken teriyaki to go. So, if you like that, they do it as well.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,9/10/2014,143,594,5,10,5>This is a great place for summer waxing, ladies (and gentleman!). It's the best bang for your buck at $56 for a Brazilian. Dana is super nice, funny and thorough. I was in and out of there in less than 20 minutes, and it was nearly pain-free. Heads up: Cash only for tips, so make sure to bring some green.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,9/9/2014,61,85,8,9,7>Bedford hall is to Bed-Stuy, as Indiana Jones is to finding long lost treasures and saving the day. Perhaps that's a confusing analogy, but I really wanted to put treasure, Bedford Hall, and Indiana Jones in the same sentence. Why wouldn't I, since this vintage-y, speakeasy-styled, sleek, urban daddy-esque savior always delivers. When I need saving from my stressful gray-hair life, I find myself craving hours of pretty and potent cocktails by encyclopedia-d bookshelves, a unique experience on a strip of Bedford Ave in the still-being-gentrified hood. (Us OGs are hanging on for dear life!) Brick walls and leather chairs inspire me to pretend I'm a married bachelor--the entire place feels like a classy male den--as I enjoy the drinks and the food, but because the drinks are so "delicious", the details about the food to me are a little fuzzy. I remember the lamb burger being moist and good enough to woof down and the honey chipotle wings were missing the chipotle heat but still tasty and well done.I can't pretend that I can play pool or foosball so I almost never sit in the gaming/tv/birthday drinks room in the back, though it does look comfy and fun and full of televisions. It's nice just to walk back there, sit, drink, and people watch.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,9/8/2014,82,138,4,6,6>Celebrate Brooklyn is a great summer tradition.  I had not been in a couple of years, and I was impressed by the upgrades. With a bike valet, food by The Farm on Adderley, and an Etsy merch stand, Celebrate Brooklyn is everything about our borough that is both loved and mocked.For most shows, there is a small section of seating that is reserved for members and a general admission standing area close to the stage. If the idea of standing on sloped concrete for hours amid the teeming horde doesn't appeal to you, you're in luck. There's a spacious lawn beyond. Bring your folding chairs, have a picnic and sip your contraband artisanal cocktails, my friends. I chose the lawn and had a fantastic meal from The Farm on Adderley stand, located south of the stage. I had a cucumber, olive and pistachio salad and a bowl of cooked Swiss chard with tofu and pickled peppers. I also sampled some of the hubs' cheddar fries. This was a restaurant quality meal and far better than lugging a picnic basket. Yes, you can bring food if you want to.  No, you cannot bring in any glass bottles or cans, but you can bring a water bottle (wink wink). I remembered waiting half an hour for the bathroom last time I was there and I was dreading it when the time came, but to my surprise, it was not bad. There was a fairly long line for the porta johns, but when I went into the actual women's room between bands, it was completely empty, a concert first for me.Overall, this is a great outdoor venue and it's something I look forward to every summer. If it's a free show, bring a few bucks to donate to BRIC on the way in. Their volunteers do a great job of handling the crowds.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,9/7/2014,210,93,9,12,12>The phrase "neighborhood gem" is thrown around recklessly these days; it demeans the term, numbing us to a phrase that otherwise would mean a place we could not imagine a particular part of town without. The essence of a neighborhood, its face and its soul, that's what a gem is; Nice is absolutely a gem of Bed-Stuy. Walking into Nice (Nice as in the city in France, not nice like your aunt Rita after too many vodka martinis), you get the feeling of a café in Provence that has been around for generations; they know who they are, they know what they are doing. Perhaps more importantly though, they don't try to fit into the predefined mold of what a Brooklyn pizza restaurant should be, which is a breath of fresh air in a city that is full of "fast food" pseudo-pizza. You may be thinking to yourself "what do the French know about pizza"? Nice is so close to Italy, they practically invented the dish and have been refining the art of what pizza is for years - the owners of Nice have brought this knowledge with them to Brooklyn.  As you sit down, you will most likely find a soccer match on the TV, and the smell of hand craft pizza baking in an old world style brick oven. The walls are covered in vintage posters from the French Rivera, and the old school tables are adorned with fabric napkins and ceramic plates; a sharp contrast to the cheap plastic plates and paper napkin dispensers that have become the norm in most city pizza places. If you choose to start with a salad, you will be served an amazingly light arugula treat that is both traditional and delicious. The quality of the pizza cannot be overstated; dough stretched as thin as possible baked in an oven so hot that the crust practically shatters when you pick it up - in other words perfect pizza. While you can absolutely choose your own toppings, they have a great range of predefined pies that range from easy going classics like "La Mozza-Prosciutto" (mozzarella and Prosciutto ham) to some more modern and ambitious choices like the La Quatre Fromages" ( four cheeses - brie, mozzarella, goat cheese and, of all things, blue cheese). For drinks they serve wine (obviously, they are a French restaurant after all), and have a great selection of beers. It is this beer selection in particular though, that emphasizes their French heritage combined with their new Brooklyn roots, offering up the likes of 1664 (a nostalgic favorite of mine), and city classics like Six Point and Brooklyn Lager. I highly recommend eating in Nice as opposed to ordering delivery. They have a very European sense of business that doesn't necessarily jive well with New Yorkers' fast pace life style, and you may have to wait a while for your artisan pie to arrive (again though, completely worth the wait). Such an authentic place, bring a date and escape to the Riviera for a while.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,9/6/2014,118,267,4,3,4>Like most popular NYC restaurants serving up delicious food, this place doesn't take reservations or credit cards. Dinner opens up at 5:30pm, and arriving at 5:25pm on a Sunday landed me a spot for two with no wait. People who showed up at 5:45pm were not so lucky.The space is small and intimate but feels cozy, not crammed. The waitstaff is a laid back bunch all wearing grey American Apparel deep V's which makes me smile. Mostly cuzza this: vimeo.com/38955360Food is great. I start with a pork bun, my boyfriend with the shrimp version. We like the kale salad, which is really good for a kale salad, but not as mind-blowing as some of the reviews lead on. The ramen is delicious; I've ordered the miso twice but wanna try the veggie next time for a relatively lighter option. The pork bone is also tasty (and decadent), though I prefer the flavor of the miso.You can also order $2 extra noodles to sop up your remaining broth if your stomach is disturbingly vast like mine. Then stop by Ample Hills for dessert after and you can die fat and happy.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,9/5/2014,34,85,1,7,7>In a city where you rarely feel that you're charged a "fair" price for something, this place bucks the trend. I never feel like I'm getting ripped off here, whether its buying pre-cut squash, tomatoes on the vine, greens, etc.Everything is always fresh, clean, and easy to find. Highly recommended for produce if you live in the area.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,9/4/2014,62,204,3,10,5>My boyfriend and I came here with some friends on a Friday night and had such a great time! The logistics:--We arrived around 7:30 pm and had to wait maybe 15 minutes for a shuffleboard lane. --40 bucks per hour to play. They give you a 15-minute warning near the end of your hour. If you want to keep playing, you can see if the lane is still available. If not, then you reenter the queue.--A staff member gives you a tutorial on how to play, including all the dos and don'ts. Very helpful.--You can eat and drink as you play. Staff members will come by to take your drink orders, which then get added to your tab.--Food is provided by various food trucks (it was a grilled cheese vendor when we were there; the sandwich I got was 6 bucks). You order food separately at the food truck, but can bring it to your lane to eat.We played shuffleboard for an hour and then snagged a table and played rummy for a while. There are decks of cards and board games all over the place. You can order drinks from the bar (no table service). My gin and tonic was 10 bucks.The space is enormous and never felt crowded because of this. There's a ton of room to spread out and not feel like you're packed in with other people. The vibe is very laid back and fun. Great music, also.This is a pretty fun and unique way to spend an evening. Split between 4 people the cost of playing shuffleboard is very affordable. What can add up are the drinks, but that's true anywhere. I definitely plan to come back.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,9/3/2014,41,147,1,11,4>Dear Buffalo Exchange, Beacon's Closet and any other ridiculously priced thrift store in Manhattan:Y'all have officially lost a frequent customer! A thrift store with actual thrift store prices is unheard of! There's something really beautiful about seeing good quality clothes for $5. Tons of fatigue, tons of coats, tons of furs, tons of letterman jackets.. You need hella patience to go through this bad biscuit (yes, I just said "hella"). Although the prices were lovely, it seemed as though there was definitely more of a selection for men. The bag/purse selection is also pretty slim. The store was very clean and the staff was super friendly (which always makes a difference). If I had a little more time I could've done some serious damage in there.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,9/2/2014,175,329,4,9,7>I don't know why I haven't reviewed Talde yet but I've been here more times than I can count. Everything is innovative yet comforting, consistently delicious, and meant for sharing.  Just my kind of place for repEating (I just made up that portmanteau - do you like it?). The menu shifts slightly fairly regularly but the breakfast ramen (brunch only) and pretzel dumplings - two must-haves - are always available. Other go-to favorites when available are the shrimp toast with sausage gravy, Korean chicken and waffles, and the tater tots. Tater tots don't sound that exciting but Talde makes them crispier than anywhere else and you get to dip them in homemade Sriracha ketchup. Nom nom nom! I probably prefer their brunch but dinner is also excellent and gets more variety in terms of menu changes. Not everything has been a major hit but some dishes like Kung Pao wings and crispy pork have been standouts. Delicious cocktails and an excellent wine list (feat. an impressive selection of Fingerlakes whites) plus super-friendly service round out a great dining experience. It definitely gets very crowded, especially for brunch, but during holiday weekends or off-hours you might find no wait at all (and me sitting at the bar.)Talde is one of my favorite restaurants!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,9/1/2014,28,137,4,7,4>-Do come early: I arrived a little after noon and it was already pretty packed. -Do bring cash: Smorgasburg is CASH ONLY. There are a few ATM machines scattered around. You most likely will have to wait to use one. -Do have patience: Some lines are extremely long. The Good Batch was at least a 30 minute wait [thanks, no thanks].  -Don't eat beforehand: Over 100 vendors, you will want to eat at everyone of them. -Don't have a game plan: There are just too many people, it's crowded, you will want to get on the shortest line whether or not you want to eat from that particular vendor. -Don't go to vendors that have brick and mortar locations, i.e. Mighty Quinns, Red Hook Lobster Pound, Buttermilk Fried Chicken. Come alone or come with a group of people, just come with a big appetite. Just the highlights [let's face it, not everything was amazeballs so we'll exclude them..] Queen Cobra Thai Pork Skewers with Jim-Jaew Sauce [$6]: They were still about 5 minutes out from being ready when I got there, I didn't mind the wait. These were excellent, fall off the skewer tender and juicy. The sauce was a little spicy but perfectly complemented the meat. Fair price for two skewers.Vaquero ElotesGrilled Corn [$3]: Get it with everything. Cheese, butter, spices, everything. I had the cheese falling into my lap [black jeans], and butter all over my face and I didn't care that everyone and their mother saw this. ChedBredJalapeno Cheesy Cornbread [$5]: Mmmm. Spicy from the jalapenos, cheesy, and generally a large portion of cornbread. I especially loved it because it reminded me of the jalapeno cornbread muffin I had at Intelligentsia in LA, memories. The BruffinThe Spanish [$4]: This really is the perfect meal in a muffin. Chorizo and manchego, it doesn't get much better than that. The outside of the muffin is charred. It looks burnt, but it's not. The crispness keeping everything on the inside moist and delicious. The container on the bottom pools with butter...well now we know why it's so good. Other things worth mentioning: 1. There are only porta-potties so gauge your liquid consumption. 2. That being said, on the way out, I stopped at Brooklyn Soda Works and had a hibiscus and mint sparkling water [$4]. It was amazing. 3. People's Pops, just do it. Rhubarb and mint pop [$3.50], refreshingly delicious. 4. You can either stand and eat or sit in the grass, on a rock, or fish around for picnic tables.Spent around $50, when all is said and done, I can' say this was so bad. I ate A LOT and left sickeningly full. I'd definitely come back and filter out those not worth eating and try different things.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/11/2013,222,375,8,8,9>Whew. For a moment there I was worried that there was no Yelp listing for Steve's. How is that possible? A place that has made its business selling exactly one thing. You gotta respect that!Okay, so it is pretty out of the way. And after Sandy, they've moved locations from a sort-of-storefront to a barely-even-a-garage. But as long as they've got a kitchen to make those amazing pies, it's all good. Their key lime pie comes in a few sizes, from a tartlet for one to a 10-inch pie that serves 8. They use very few and very natural ingredients.  Smooth, creamy, tangy, sweet, citrus-y custard in a toasted, crunchy buttery graham cracker crust. Simplicity at its finest! It's the perfect summer dessert, although I'd be happy with it during any season.It's worth the trek. They are located right near the water, so brave the walk through warehouse Red Hook, and you'll be rewarded with the most gorgeous views of the Statue of Liberty and the best key lime pie ever.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,11/10/2013,150,173,10,8,6>When I die, bury me inside The Chocolate Room. I can't even begin to explain the drawn out, slow moans I softly exhaled as I tasted each delectable bite of the chocolate vegan sorbet... and almond cake.... and chocolate pudding... and chocolate biscotti... and frozen hot dark chocolate topped with buttery and oh-so-fluffy whipped cream. It was like velvet. I came here with my four girlfriends and we devoured each chocolate concoction leaving no trace of that luscious decadent goodness behind. The spoons and plates were wiped clean and we were left smiling like the cheshire cat. We relished in the satisfaction and luxurious indulgence after such a tasty afternoon delight. The chocolate was so good I think I just damn near cheated on my husband.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,11/9/2013,55,346,1,6,6>This is a cute cocktail bar in a bustling area of the Slope. Great for a casual date or even just to saddle up after work for a lovely drink. The bartender was patient with me while I waited for a friend who was running late, and I never felt awkward for sitting around and *not* ordering for 10-ish minutes (I dislike ordering my drinks before my company arrives!). I had the Scarecrow which was a bit on the sweeter side for me, so not a favourite, but very, very well crafted nonetheless. For my second drink I stuck with the old fashioned which was made perfectly - with just the right amount of bitters. Needless to say, I think I've found my new regular/go-to cocktail spot.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,11/8/2013,27,680,3,8,5>Totonno's is one of the titans of NYC pizza, in business for nearing a century and still family-owned and run.  It continues to be worthy of its reputation and for pizza connoisseurs, a required trek to this southern end of Brooklyn.  Despite being close to bustling Coney Island, its on a stretch of Neptune Avenue that remains quiet and low-key.  The pizzeria space is small, casual, and unapologetically old-fashioned, and everyone who loves the place no doubt prefers it to stay just that way, including me.  Its walls are a montage of photos and press, old and new.The only thing to have at Totonno's is pizza.  The only decisions to make are size (the standard 8-slice large or 14" 6-slice small) and toppings (the classics, go elsewhere for artisanal or creative).  Beers, wines, and sodas to go with the pizza, including a nice selection of Brooklyn Brewery beers.Totonno's makes their pizza in a coal-fired oven.  It comes out piping hot, beautiful to behold.  The pizza crust is sublime, as thin as possible with a beguiling crispiness and bit of chew.  Its edges are thick, charred, and uneven, with a lovely flavor, and the perfect end to a slice. Toppings are spare, just right.  Personally, I don't need anything on their perfect plain pie, but when I've had it, they use good quality ingredients.I've visited Totonno's now and then over the years, and consider them one of the best pizzas makers of NYC-style pizza, and consistently good.  I'm pleased to find them post-Hurricane Sandy back on their game.  Go early to avoid the lines and bring cash.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,11/7/2013,231,165,5,8,7>What can I say? I'm a sucker for a good bagel. Especially if it's the weekend. And especially if it's from Terrace Bagels. TB has some of the best bagels that I've ever had. And, the cream cheese? DECADENCE. Seriously. This amount of goodness should be illegal.I stop by TB every day for my morning iced coffee on the way to work. The staff is really friendly, and most already have my order down pat when I'm ready to ask for it. On one of the weekend days, my girlfriend and I usually treat ourselves to a bagel with cream cheese. The whole wheat and multigrain are my favs. As for cream cheese, these days, I'm a sucker for the olive pimiento. Mmmm!The line is literally out the door at TB on the weekends. Thankfully, the line is a little bit more manageable in the mornings over the course of the work week. Otherwise, being on time for work would be hard to come by. This all sounds perfect, right? Too good to be true, even. So why not five stars? Three reasons...1. The flavored cream cheeses are significantly more expensive than the plain cream cheese, which I guess is to be expected, but I feel as if they are a little too extravagantly priced. Don't get me wrong, there are few illegal acts that I wouldn't commit in order to wrap my mouth around some pumpkin walnut, blueberry, or vegetable cream cheese...but do I really have to fork over an extra two bucks for it?2. Cash only? UGH. I get that you don't want people paying with a card if they're just buying a $3.00 bagel, but a $10 minimum never hurt anybody.3. Walk by TB at closing time, and you'll see tens of hundreds of bagels lined up in clear trash bags sitting on the curb, awaiting trash pick-up, being SO SAD AND LONELY. Seriously? We're throwing out all of this food?! I appreciate that TB clearly cares about the freshness of its bagels, so much so that it loses hefty revenue getting rid of the oldies, but, REALLY? Call a soup kitchen or food pantry and set up a pick-up. I can't believe that one of the neighborhood yuppies hasn't protested to make this happen....sounds like a job for the Park Slope Food Co-op* [yelp.com/biz/park-slope-.___* I'm only half joking --- the PSFC gets bagels delivered fresh daily for sale at the Co-op!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,11/6/2013,89,272,5,5,5>I love this place!They have a canopied outdoor area w/ both communal and regular tables. The indoor space is airy and cool albeit a bit dark. Both inside and outside areas share one bar (you can order from either side) and the layout is fantastic and imaginative.Drinks were amazing too- they have gluten free beer, frozen dark and stormies (yayyy!), and $3 jalapeno mimosas during brunch. My boyfriend got the jamaican patties and I had the jerk-dusted fries with our drinks. They were seasoned really well and it made us full.Service was excellent too- our waitress was very friendly and she really took care of us when we were there. We got to meet the owner unexpectedly because he was fixing the bulb behind us and he asked us what we thought of the place.Overall, I definitely am a fan. Everyone is just chill and since it's a new bar, it's not too crowded yet so get here quick.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,11/5/2013,51,163,2,10,2>A bit disappointed that Finlay beat me to this review but definitely will chime in and say this is good news for the neighborhood. After moving into the Broadway Triangle about 5 years back there originally was a laundromat connected to the food bazaar. It was glorious! They had dry cleaning, tons of machines and they were right next to the grocery store where you could go and do your groceries while waiting on your laundry. Unfortunately, due to the cost of rent and all sorts of other nonsense that business owners had to deal with they closed down and there was not a laundromat within decent walking vicinity After the Jesus Cristo Iglesias shut it's doors about 2 years ago, a laundromat soon began construction. After frequently checking in with the construction workers and tons of waiting, they finally opened in late 2011/early 2012.Broadway Laundromat is run by the same people that run Bonilla Brothers Laundromat (formerly Aphrodite laundromat) on Grand st. and Manhattan Ave. The two employees typically there are Ecuadorian aunt/niece duo, one works during the week and the other on the weekends. Sweet as buttons, always courteous, and polite. They do a good job making sure the place is virtually spotless through mopping and sweeping (so if you accidentally drop your clothes upon removal from the machine you don't soil them again). Telemundo plays on the TV and you can get your dose of Hispanic soap operas or Sabado Gigante.Drop off service is around 80 cents/lb. and they do off site dry cleaning. $2/shirt for wash and press, all other services are reasonably priced for NYC. FYI though, no same day service even with drop off laundry. Best you can hope for is afternoon of the next day if you do drop off laundry early enough in the morning. They have different sized machines for different sized loads from small to extra-large. I think the mid-size machine is $2.75 plus .25 cents for extra cycle. Drying is .25 cents for 8 minutes. They take only quarters and have a change machine to convert your bills or one of the ladies can make change for you.People that are there are a reflection of the neighborhood minus the Orthodox Jews and the Chinese-from-the-towers who I assume have their own thing going on. Weekends are typically busy laundry days and the place does get full up. Don't leave your clothes in the machine unattended as, when they do get busy, one of the employees will remove your clothes from the machine if left there too long and move it to one of the carts. Personally, I don't like the idea of someone else touching my clothes unless I am paying them to do it.All in all, good clean laundromat, friendly service and reasonably priced.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/4/2013,307,1212,3,5,4>I could find no faults with my dining experience at Five Leaves. We were able to put our names down around dinner rush on a Saturday, and it was only a 10 minute wait. Our waitress was awesome (and may I add, really good looking).Great cocktail selection (the Carrington Event is probably the most refreshing thing I've ever drank). Interesting appetizer choices and names. I liked the Devils on Horseback (bacon-wrapped dates). The squash blossoms were also good, but a bit pricey.Of course, I couldn't leave here without having the Five Leaves Burger. It's somewhat similar to Australian style, with pineapple, beets and an egg on top. Cooked medium rare to perfection with a delicious harissa mayo.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,11/3/2013,64,204,3,6,7>I am obsessed with Brucie. Split the half roasted chicken in whatever iteration it comes in. Ours was roasted with lemon, mint and other seasonings over a bed of tomatoes, basil, and greek yogurt, and rested on a divine crostini. I swear no better chicken exists. Had the tagliatelle with burrata, tomato butter, and roasted brussel sprouts - divine! And this place carries my favorite lambrusco - nice to see the same bottle outside of my local wine shop.Highly recommended. oh- and it's SUPER romantic.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,11/2/2013,267,351,5,7,5>Hmm...5 stars?Honestly I was thinking what to give this place, but let me sum up the food here with an actual conversation (based on a true story) I had with our waiter, who was great.I only ordered a couple of appetizers, the E666s (which are DEEP FRIED hardboiled eggs) and the venison wontons (WHAT?!). And the people we were with ordered "a fish and some chips," which is literally a whole fried fish and fries. I had a bit of theirs, but also inhaled my food. The waiter comes over to clear my mini plates - Me: So I feel the need to tell you, that I don't think the world is ready for these hard boiled eggs that are deep fried. They're too delicious. They should be wiped from the menu, for the sake of the people.Waiter: Hmm. We've thought about that. I guess I will take it into consideration.Me: Good. I'm just trying to look out for you guys.Waiter: Honestly, those things are the only food I can think of that I don't think I could ever get tired of eating. I eat a ton of them everyday I'm here.Me: Makes sense, because all I wanna do right now is go in the kitchen and just make 100 of them and eat them.Waiter: Makes sense.The point is...you should go here, and eat their delicious and unique food.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/13/2012,30,24,6,5,4>Petite Crevette is that excellent, hole-in-the-wall kind of joint that everybody wishes was in their neighborhood. The owner is a French expat who must have sold his "sole" to Poseidon to learn how to cook fish the way he does. They start you out with flaky bread and a garlicy-oil that is more addictive than heroin.The thai cod curry is a must try, as is the whole red snapper. Despite my insane ravings about the seafood here, my mother, perhaps in an effort to spite me, ordered a hamburger, but even the burger was an A+. It's also BYOB and there's a wine shop around the corner. I'd recommend bringing your own though, as it's fairly slim pickings in the wine shop -- unless you have a palate for $9 bottles of prison wine.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,7/12/2012,7,22,5,5,4>There was a period where I only had drinks here. It was a wonderful period of great libations... it was a bit of an expensive period too but worth every penny. Actually if we are going to discuss costs-- the cocktails here are better and less obnoxious than the one at Death and Co and like 50% cheaper. So there's that.I do not find any attitude-- sure Sam the head bartender broods a bit but he's so damn good at his craft, I'm not bothered. I don't need my bartender to be my best friend, just make me smile for a bit and that's achieved a hell of a lot faster by a good drink. My favorite thing about this place or Maison Premiere is walking in an saying "Something with Gin, cucumbers and mint please-- surprise me". And not having to worry about what they come up (I once asked for something with Bourbon and Chatuese and they rose to the challenge!). The music is always perfect (a really hard thing to find in these Lady Gaga days we live in), the crowd never annoying (you have NO IDEA how important this is to me), and the drinks are delightful.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,7/11/2012,674,592,10,7,9>Michael's is a VERY well known establishment in the Italian job of Brooklyn; and when I mean Italian job, I mean cooking it up - not wacking people....although....Anyway, my younger sister worked here as the hostess for several years and always enjoyed mingling with the beautiful people and scoring brownie points with the cooks; we never EVER questioned where the free biscotti came from.  They are to DIE for....no cement boots here.It's always highly recommended to make reservations when planning on coming here - whether it's an anniversary, communion, birthday, or "just because" affair, it's always best to see what time works for THEM, not just you.  They fill up FAST during peak dinner hours and then clear out in the later part of the night; totally depends on the day you go.  You might be thinking, "Is this really all worth it?"  It is my friend....it IS.Everything you order here at Michael's is guranteed to make your inner Italian come out from the very pits of your stomach and into your hands as you make gestures for "Wow...this is so AMAZING!" to "Whoa whoa whoa!  Who said we're sharing this penne pal?!"  I've never had a problem here and never left feeling hungry that's for sure.  Always ask for the specials if all else fails; tell them the LoBello's sent you.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,7/10/2012,22,63,9,5,3>SILENCE HUMANS! I will now provide a tactical report on your pathetic human coffee shop "Noella." On approach Noella is crawling with tiny, larval humans begging their caregivers for muffins and bagels, making it difficult to get to the precious black mud that keeps our bio-functions lubricated. The adult human at the register engaged me in what you humans call "banter" and I responded by splaying my mandibles and vibrating my thorax in the way my species expresses humor. The black mud was brewed from "Counter Culture" brand mud hulls or "beans" and brought my bio-functions up to 75% efficacy, a greater increase than mud from the proximate "Cafe Regular Du Nord," but less than that of "Cafe Grumpy" or "Sit and Wonder." I will relish returning to "Noella" to destroy them utterly and claim their beans in the name of the Rygillian Star Empire.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,7/9/2012,8,7,3,8,3>I'm originally from Miami, so I take my Cuban food very seriously.  This place serves the BEST pernil I have ever tasted...hands down. I cant even get pernil this good in Little Havana.  Trust me, order the pernil.The eatery is very small, but what it lacks in size it more than makes up for in flavorful food and quick, friendly service.  They serve a different main dish each day, but pernil is on the menu daily. If you get a chance, also try the White bean chorizo soup and the shrimp dish.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/8/2012,270,454,9,9,6>The Williamsburg scene is liable to drive me to vomit or cry, especially at the end of the night.  And I generally think that North Williamsburg is pretty much Bushwick; dirty, sketchy, depressing, and remote. Cash only establishments piss me off. On top of this, I'm a horrible dancer, especially if I can't hide behind making ironic and skilless gyrations to the beats of hip-hop.  Yet, none of these conditions (plus the rain/hail of last Friday night) prevented me from having an unreal time at Maracuja.I'm giving Maracuja five stars just for the bar and impromptu wooden dance floor, and the fact that food is involved at all only impresses me further.A part of the awesomeness of the time I had here can be attributed to the fact that I was with a perfect mix of great people. Riding on a buzz cultivated much earlier in the evening, we kind of just wound up here. I made a beeline for the bar, and was in that  "surprise me" mood. "Well," said the kind female bartender, "Our punch is really good." And it was, for being punch. It was $8 or $9 (it's all a blur), but with the strength of as many drinks as the dollars in its price.Then the music began (or had it always been playing?). It was ALL be-boppy, diner-y, swing type stuff. Usually, places and/or deejays do this a little bit, but never had I been in a situation that was NOT deliberately themed towards this era that was so relentless in its musical genre.At one point, my drunk ass went up there calling for hip-hop. A lady with gold between her teeth said, "No. No hip-hop. We NEVER play hip-hop. We HATE hip-hop." At first, I wanted to default by acting indignant for being thus rebuffed, but then something weird happened and I just got into it. Yes, by refusing to change their song selection even one tiny bit, the Maracuja staff commanded all our respect and opened our minds to jiving to songs normally reminiscent of the most contrived Quentin Tarantino film soundtracks and possibly bar mitzvah reception repertoires.I got into twirling around with my buddies, and following their lead in the dance moves of the '40s through '70s. Soon, I started feeling like I was a part of good old boy Americana, earnestly forgetting the reality of how I may have been marginalized or persecuted or simply not here during this era. I was having a fine time (and a lot of punch), and it was "a gas."Mysteriously enough, I had no hangover the next day. I was, however, sore from head to toe, wondering, with a smile on my face, "Where WAS that crazy place?" It was Maracuja.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,7/7/2012,10,24,5,8,7>Delivery options have been somewhat limited since the hubby and I moved from Prospect Heights to Crown Heights, and we found ourselves yearning for Chavela's the other day as our stomachs began to rumble letting us know that dinnertime was fast approaching. "They'll never deliver here--it's too far!" groaned my better half. "Let me just try calling them," I reply. "What's the worst that could happen?" I explained our predicament to the guy on the phone, and he asked where we live. I told him, and he said that it was a few blocks out of their delivery zone, but that since it was a slower time of day for them, they wouldn't mind making the trip. Not only were they super nice about it, but they arrived in under a half hour! No joke.And the food was just as good as I remembered: chicken enchiladas with tangy verde sauce for me, sweet and savory mole for the husband, with enough rice and beans to afford us plenty of leftovers. In fact, I think they even improved on their guacamole since last time! With solid Mexican food and stellar service, Chavela's is definitely a good choice. I can't wait to try out the happy hour or brunch next time I'm in the area!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,7/6/2012,382,500,12,20,18>Brancaccio's is like having your grandma (or someone's awesome Italian granny) on call for dinner all the time.See that face? Yeah, the one in the photo. Every time you walk in this man is toiling away on some flavourful concoction, either traditional Italian or a spin on a classic. Fresh ingredients, bought daily and integrated as they work, there is a constant rotation of bowls with heaping piles of pastas, vegetable dishes ... and their famous whole roasted chickens.Also nearly every time I come in there, someone pops in to pick up their chicken dinner that they've called in. I bet they feel like a winner winner walking out with those, often cheaper than one you'd roast yourself and let's face it, better. You ain't no Italian grandma.A shelf at the back has a few items from Italy : pastas, sauces, cookies, little treats and a case to the back of the counter has Pellegrino of all types, waters, etc. For breakfast, they have insane-great things on offer like nutella sandwiches and proscuitto and cheese on focaccia. But the magic happens in the kitchen, where heavenly aromas float like fleshy Botticelli angels over and into your nose.I should come here more often, I think to myself, as I stop in on my way back home from Prospect Park. It's an impulse buy, as a loop around the park has made me want to gorge on one of the pasta dishes. When I ask him to heat it up, he puts the serving into a frying pan, stirring as he greets and handles customers. That kind of attention and effort done in an effortless way is the epitome of what is so awesome about this local business.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,7/5/2012,323,343,15,14,11>I almost became road kill on my journey to Post Office, but that's a story for another time. Let's just say, if you're not familiar with the area, do not attempt to take the L train and walk. Just take the J, M, or Z. You're welcome.Post Office, unlike an actual USPS location, was a delightful experience. I came for drinks and dinner and was very impressed. We ordered half a dozen raw oysters and got a few extra ones thrown in. Sweet, I love free stuff. Up next, steak tartar and an order of deviled eggs. Whoa, the steak tartar was delish. Very well seasoned with the perfect amount of acid. And lastly, we split a pulled pork sandwich. They boyfriend and I were really looking forward to this and it did not disappoint! Incredibly juicy and tender, it left us drooling and wanting more. The portions at Post Office were extremely generous and I was pretty full after stuffing my face and having a couple of drinks. Did I mention the prices are student budget friendly? If you're looking for a low-key and intimate place for dinner and drinks, check out this place. Or if you're looking for a place to drink while you're waiting for a seat at Traif (which is literally around the corner), come here!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,7/4/2012,39,143,3,6,3>I love this place.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!  It's a great Thai spot, not super expensive, the food is delicious, the service is good, the atmosphere is fun, and they almost always play 90's music.  I don't think they do it conciously, but I like it all the same.  Literally, everything on the menu is awesome, and the drinks are pretty strong.  Check this place out now, thank me later.  OH, and try the Green Tea Mojito.  Changed my life.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,12/6/2012,92,227,3,5,8>Do you remember the scene in The Godfather when Michael Corleone kills Sollozzo and McCluskey in the "Louis Italian-American Restaurant," before fleeing to Sicily?  Well, barring the chilling suspense and cold-blooded murder part, Totonno's reminds me of that place.It's got history, it's got character, it's got soul, and it's got damn good pizza.  The establishment is small, you can only order pies, they only accept cash, and you have to wait outside until there is an available table.  With that said, it is one of the best pizzas you will ever have.Fantastic crust, deliciously well-balanced sauce, amazingly fresh ingredients, all cooked to perfection.  Staff is super friendly and helpful, even when they're slammed, which is most of the time.  This is a neighborhood gem and a true staple of NYC history.  An absolute must for any pizza lover!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,12/5/2012,142,556,2,4,5>As I'm making plans to wrap up my weekend with plans to make a wholesome dinner, dine on the couch and take in some random television show when a friend calls and suggests that we go out to dinner, I'm thinking, "What the heck, I didn't really want to stay in plus I have no food to cook". Unfortunately she followed up this invitation with a list of requests regarding the restaurant selection for me to work on while she went to the gym as though I moonlight as her assistant on the weekends, "Can you pick a place that we haven't been to, with really good food, an outdoor area, kinda close to or in the nabe, etc....?". What the heck! Is this dinner with a friend or driving Miss Daisy? Fine, I was already on yelp writing a few reviews so doing a bit of restaurant research isn't a far stretch I guess. Then I remembered this cute restaurant that I constantly pass by and was immediately impressed with their reviews. I quickly decide that it's the best decision ever and my oppressive friend will enjoy it as well.  Upon arrival, it was empty in the restaurant and I'm thinking this can not be a good sign, until we were led to the backyard by the super friendly waitress. It was a beautiful night and the backyard was super inviting with candles on each table and a random bench that a couple was leisurely enjoying glasses of wine at. I'm totally into the ambiance at this point. The food was great. We had the spinaci salad, ink pasta and the rigatoni. The rigatoni was a bit too al dente, but that is the only thing that was even slightly wrong. They offer nice affordable wine bottle options that easily make you rethink that Sober Sunday goal.   Just when we thought that we had our fill, we were offered a delectable dessert on the house- tiramisu. Sud, you had me at hello, but somehow managed to tip things over. Never again will I anonymously drive by this place. I'm stopping in with plans to sit in the backyard again and again. P.S. I checked out the review written by my employer...I mean my friend and she really liked Sud as well, giving it a rating of 5.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,12/3/2012,101,112,6,9,7>It's a dangerous, dangerous thing that this establishment has opened up just steps away from me.  What's not to love?  Fun and friendly conversations, great variety of craft and artesianal ales, a nice selection on tap (in a storefront....very cool idea), and a decent variety of beer snacks.  The Belerusian owners are so damn friendly and funny and hang out and joke and charm you and reel you in and keep you!  And it's open late.  I freaking love this place, love the owners, love the beers and ciders and am HOOKED.I wouldn't even be able to say that at all if they didn't carry gluten free selections, one of which is the most delicious I've ever tasted in both an amber and a blonde variety (Brunnehaut - it's a Belgian artisanal ale!).  This one stands up on it's own as a great ale, not just a gluten free one.It threatens to become a very popular spot, once discovered.  I'm cheering for them!PS- free beer glass for checking in.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,12/2/2012,80,552,3,7,3>I walked into Clementine figuring I could, like at any ordinary bakery, pick a cake from the refrigerator case, have it iced "Happy Birthday" and take it home. Not so. There are no ready-made cakes at Clementine except a handful that are pre-cut to sell by-the-slice, and each of those cakes had slices missing. Whole cakes require a 48-hour advance order. They have a tiny staff so I can understand that. So I picked a few slices of red velvet cake, some brownies and some scones. Everything's vegan so there's no need to ask "what's in that?" OMG DELICIOUS! Really amazingly yummy, by vegan and nonvegan standards. And such a cute store too, very old-fashioned looking. A keeper.A note to the counter girl: please always wrap each item in its own waxed paper. Everything got smushed together and didn't look as nice is it should when I got it home. Presentation and portability is essential for a bakery to master, so when you get it right I'll award the 5th star.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,12/1/2012,15,83,3,4,3>I'm a big Top Chef fan. My fiance and I have been excited to visit Talde since it opened last winter, but didn't get there until last week. We took the subway from Carroll Gardens and arrived around 6:30 on a Friday. No wait! A pleasant surprise. We began with cocktails--the watermelon margarita was just what I needed--fresh and refreshing, and not too sweet. The wedge of watermelon on the glass was coated in salt, which was delicious. My fiance got a mojito--he didn't love it, so I won that round. I don't like sharing, especially when it comes to food. But places like Talde, Fatty 'Cue, and Pok Pok are changing my attitude. I find myself really enjoying the small plate concept. It makes me more adventurous in my ordering choices, knowing I will be able to sample it, and if I don't love it, move on to the next dish. This method worked well at Talde. We began with the Perilla Leaf, which was touted as the essence of Talde in one bite. It was definitely an interesting combo of tastes--smokey, sweet, and a tiny bit spicy--but too small to be substantial. Luckily, we got the pretzel dumplings, which were really delicious. I could have eaten about 6 more and been  happy. We also got the oyster/bacon pad thai--good, but not great. The bbq short ribs were out of this world good though--definitely a highlight. It was a great meal, and I'll definitely return to try the Korean fried chicken.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,11/30/2012,26,42,9,15,6>Greenwood Park was sorely needed; it's an outdoor (duh) beer garden in walking distance from Park Slope.  The beers are reasonably priced, the grass-fed burgers are delicious (they have a great charred, grilled flavor, and even the medium-well burgers are still juicy and very edible), and there's plenty of space to spread out (and, somewhat oddly, bocce ball in the back).  They also allow kids until 8 pm.There are a lot of people complaining that they allow kids.  These people are (generally) idiots.  Kids are no more of a pain in the ass than most of the adults hanging out in a place like that, and if you really have an issue with kids, come after 8 pm.  Here's the thing: kids don't smoke, they're generally not any louder than the adults when you're in a bar, and any parent that brings them into a beer garden ought to understand that some people will be a little rowdy or will curse freely or whatever, so just be yourself and be happy that there's a decent beer garden in the area.  (Any parent who acts shocked that their kids are exposed to adult behavior in a beer garden is also an idiot, but like another poster said, that's the parent's fault, not the kids').The decor is interesting; from what I remember it used to be a parking lot or gas station or something similar.  Now it's a large open space, with walls made of wooden shipping pallets, stretches of gravel-covered areas with large boulders and rocks, and a few potted trees scattered around.  There are picnic tables and chairs and benches, bocce ball courts (?) in the back, and a (relatively) small enclosed area where you can order food and sit at a bar if you want.The food is all (upscale) bar food; this is not a german beer hall.  It's priced pretty reasonably - $7 for a burger, for instance, $10 with fries.  For a grass fed burger and a decent portion of fries, that's pretty good.  We haven't tried most of the menu yet, but we've only been there twice.The biggest complaints I have are that there's not enough seating (not nearly enough), the wings are surprisingly bad, and there are a lot of smokers outside.  I regard smokers sort of like hipsters regard children; the difference is, smoke actually has a real impact on my quality of life.  But, whatever, it's outside, and I can put up with a little smoke in order to have a place I can actually relax and have a beer while my (decent) children sit at the table or on one of the boulders nearby, eating their food.Pros:- Reasonably priced beer, and a pretty good selection- Surprisingly good burgers (and grass-fed beef, no less) and pretty good fries- Lots of open space- Nothing else like it, anywhere nearby (that I'm aware of)- Allows kids until 8 pmCons:- Terrible wings- Not enough seating- Inspires hipsters from Ohio to complain about kids on Yelp- Strict about no-kids-after-8 policy (I don't mind the 8 pm policy, but if we're still finishing up our burgers at 8, a few minutes of leeway would be nice)Overall, I'm a fan.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,11/29/2012,263,437,6,3,6>My friend's 2 year old daughter has a birthday coming up and I'm sick of taking the easy route by buying a gift card from the Children's Place.  Let's face it people, that's pretty lame! I decided to stop in and check out Stork which is a newbie on Franklin Ave.  The store clerk was really helpful in helping me identify age appropriate toys but I wanted to look around at other options.  After calling my sister, she confirmed that the gift was super cool and age appropriate.  Depending on what you're looking for, some of the items are a tad bit on the expensive side but you can't beat that they are unique.  Umm hello...Do you want that 2 year old to think you're the coolest person for life? Of course she will remember this gift and remember your awesomeness forevah!  The next day I went to purchase the gift and the owner was working. Love her!  She was so warm and welcoming and we chatted for a good amount of time. It's a relatively small store with a solid supply of books, toys, children's clothes, baby products etc with many of the merchandise from BK based companies.  As a small business owner, with a new shop we talked about relevant things like the changing landscape of the neighborhood, whether or not Beyonce really carried her child, and our views on the Chris Brown and Rihanna scandal. As we engaged in serious discourse about this, she also offered to gift wrap my present.  Say word? Christmas in September?I'm so glad that I decided to come back to the store and make my purchase.  Maybe I can coerce some of my friends to get preggers so I can shop for more cute stuff here.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,11/28/2012,1231,1149,10,11,12>I came here during the wee hours of the morning. I am really happy that they are open till 4am. The place is dimly lit, which adds an intimate feel to the place. Whenever I go to a place like this it makes me feel really laid back and my worries just drift away.You have options on where to sit. They do have an outdoor area aside from the inside. It does get a bit crowded, especially during Happy Hour. The crowds do die down around 11pm during week nights. If you do have to go to the bathroom, do check out the toilets. Real vintage right there, hand pulled chain and all.The bar set up is a bit intimidating.... I love it!  It's not your normal bar on the side of the room. It's right in the center and it's the real focal point of the place. It calls you over to see and to try a drink made by the fine mixologists. You have a bunch of options, beers, liquors and even ABSINTHE... Yes, I said ABSINTHE! This is one of the places in the city that serves it. I asked the bartender for something good, strong and would possibly set me good for the night. All he said what, "The Bachelor" and started to make it for me on the spot. It was like a Manhattan, but stronger. A few sips and I started to feel much better. I didn't need to drink anymore cause once I looked at the time it was 1:30am. Time flies when your with good people, great drinks and tasty oysters.Maison Premiere... You are one of the reasons why I hangout on Bedford Ave.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,11/27/2012,57,302,2,7,3>The double tortilla soft shell tacos are slamming here, especially their $2 happy hour deal from 4pm-7pm.   I had the 3 (potato, chicken, & pork) along with a pineapple soda.Tiny place, terrific tacos.  First bite in the potato taco and my expectations were set.  2nd came the chicken taco & boy did that exceed those expectations.  To finish it off was the pork taco; a perfect ending to a late lunch.FYI - I squirted the green hot sauce on the potato taco; the red hot sauce on the chicken taco, and left the pork as was.The sweet pineapple flavored soda was the perfect match to the tacos.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,11/26/2012,2,35,,10,8>We've been back twice in one week due to exceptional food, friendly and personable atmosphere from owners and manager (as well as wait staff), and reasonable pricing.  First, I popped by when walking nearby and saw they have escargots on the menu.  Not a fan of them myself, but my 13YO son loves them (had them first on a Disney Cruise).  So, we took him and our 6YO autistic son to dinner there on a weeknight.  We got a comfy bench table in the back and my 6YO loved that he could order Ratatouille (though was disappointed it didn't look like it did in the Disney movie!).  Both kids said they were the best french fries they ever had and the younger loved the chocolate mousse dessert.  Yes, a kids menu would get me back there more often for sure (as another review mentioned).  I found it kid friendly (a baby was at another table), but menu could cater more to kids (think kids burger, kids steak frites, kids fish and chips maybe?  just a thought?).  Well, as for my husband and I we had the risotto and couldn't be more pleased, the steak frites, and mussels in white wine w/shallots.  Bill was reasonable, service fantastic and, when I left my sweater it was still there a week later when I went back.  Amazing!  The manager even remembered what my sons ordered.  Really feel welcome here and will be going back again and again.  BTW- Oyster specials mon,tues,wed 4-7 if they're still having them.  My husband's heading back for that.  Me, I won't be staying away long from the risotto.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,12/1/2013,90,122,3,5,5>Park your worries along with your stroller at the door. This new cafe on Dekalb Ave serves up hot (and iced) gimme! coffee along with a few tasty tea specials for the non-caffeinated crowd.  The interior is cozy and looks similar to most other new cafes - a lot of wood, a lot of steel, and a lot of Rag & Bone'esque dressed baristas.I only wish there was more standing space in line or they would speed up the service only for comforts sake.  I don't need a 2 minute in and out - just not 5 minutes hanging over a fresh baguette with a "Do Not Touch" sign and a chair in my side.  The space allocated to the line is pretty short.  If you're looking for a seat inside you will be fine.  There are at least 10+ chairs to grab.If the weather is welcoming grab one of the picnic tables out front and access the wifi.  There aren't too many outdoor coffee shops along Dekalb to get work done peacefully with a view of the park.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,11/30/2013,42,63,5,4,4>I'm seriously embarrassed to admit that I lived 3 blocks away from The Commodore for the majority of a year without ever going. SO MANY WASTED OPPORTUNITIES! I don't even know where to start, but all I can say is this is one of my absolute favorite spots in Brooklyn. It's dark, divey, and come-as-you-are. Happy hour drinks are typically $5. It's probably worth mentioning these bartenders have the heaviest hands I can recall. They also make dozens of classic cocktails, and they're entirely too good for such a casual spot. A decent selection of taps and surprising large bottle offerings. The fried chicken is unreal. $12, 3 giant ass thighs, super crunchy, moist, piping hot. It's like PnT, but with way more booze and not trying to be cute. Go get super drunk here and eat some amazing chicken. I don't even miss Chik-fil-A anymore.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,11/29/2013,217,257,1,7,6>I have no idea what doubles are but for yearrrrrs I've been coming here for bakes. Crispy, fried dough buns, split open and stuffed with spicy, flaked cod a.k.a. salt fish or chopped, smoked herring are my faves. I always request extra stuffing and a shot of hot pepper sauce. My only gripe is that A&A no longer offers a curry shrimp, stuffing option. There's a reason why this place always has a line that runs outside. The bakes here are AWESOME!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/28/2013,53,37,7,10,7>I came here with a friend to try their rice burger and boy, it was amazing! I mean I've heard enough of ramen burgers but RICE BURGERS?! THAT'S SOMETHING NEW! When the waiter brought us the food, I was a tad bit hesitant to try it because I can actually see the oil in the burger. But I'm so glad I tried it. The first bite kinda reminded me of fried rice... Well, I guess that's what it is, since the "bun" was replaced with rice patties... But the burger just gets better and better... DEFINITELY try the shrimp burger! It was so juicy and delicious!! For only $6.50, you couldn't ask for more. Try it and you'll know what I'm saying. My friend had it with beef, and he loved it just as much as I loved mine. Aside from the rice burgers, we also had the Salmon Steak ($4.00) and BBQ Grilled Squid ($9.00). Honestly, those, you can pass. They didn't taste bad, but they weren't outstanding; and they were somewhat overpriced. For $4.00, you only get 4 TINY pieces of grilled salmon over some kinda teriyaki or soy sauce (I'm not too sure what they made the sauce with). Not worth the price.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/27/2013,358,182,9,6,5>Want an intimate dinner?  Want to impress your date?  Well you should bring them here unless they don't like Japanese food.  Each table is divided by curtain thingies so it is very secluded, but you can still hear conversations.  The food was tasty and presented well.  All I have to say is YOU MUST TRY THE RICE BALLS!!! It is so damn delicious that I want one right RIGHT NOW!!  The portions are small so you can order many items.  I ordered quite a few but all I can remember is the rice balls.P.S. Try the rice balls =]
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,11/26/2013,103,107,2,13,2>Welcome to the neighborhood, Katsuei.  After reading about it on Park Slope Stoop, we've eat here a few times now.  First thing:  this is not like any other Park Slope sushi restaurant.  In fact, I don't think there is a sushi restaurant like this in South Brooklyn.  I am a Geido for eat-in, Inaka for take-out sushi eater.  But this place is in a different league in terms of quality of fish and presentation.  Katsuei is Brooklyn's 15 East, but without the ambiance (yet).  Tl; dr:  it is a fancy sushi place, it is not a take-out roll factory.Second thing:  The fish is amazing and interesting, and the presentation is lovely.  My partner had the sushi omakase, I had sushi and sashimi.  With a a miso soup (not included--I think it should be for the price) and 2 green teas, the meal cost us about 150.  Cheaper than a great omakase in the city, but expensive for the neighborhood.  Still, the food was worth it.  Amazing and different varieties of fish, and two enormous and perfectly pieces of uni.  The chef walked us through each dish and did a nice presentation.  Seriously, the fish is awesome and worth it.Tl; dr:  awesome fish.Third thing: this is a fancy special occasion restaurant (if you go omakase, there appears to some cheaper choices) stuck in the wrong space.  They are paying for a garden when they do not need to, and while their layout is nice, it is not dark, intimate enough to feel like a special date spot.  If I had a vote, I would tell them to go to a smaller space in the same neighborhood.  They should be an 8 table restaurant with a long sushi bar in a narrow dark space.  Still, they did a nice job on the renovation, it is just not perfect. Tl; dr:  ambiance is ok. Sushi Katsuei is great sushi and a wonderful addition to the Park Slope dining landscape.  I hope it is a great success.  We need more of these risky and interesting restaurants and less Cheeburger Cheeburgers
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/25/2013,611,712,6,11,7>I have very, very low expectations when it comes to BBQ in NYC. I think Dinosaur is abominable. I have a few places to try, but my god. Disappointment after disappointment. Needless to say, I felt a bit deflated when my father announced we'd be dining here for a family dinner. It's been over twelve hours and I'm still feeling INFLATED. Obviously, it was fantastic. The lamb belly (!!!!!) really stole the show, and we had the least of it. Next up was the brisket, rich and tender. The ribs were a bit dry for my liking, but easily gussied up with the sticky sauce and hot sauce. Sides were OK (other than the UNBELIEVABLY sinful and buttery cornbread), but I'm not looking for the quality there. I'd rather have some bad ass meat than mac. Go. Go now. Cuz this place is going to blow tha fuck up. Believe it.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,11/24/2013,650,165,10,19,10>I came. I saw. I chowed down!  My friends and I do a monthly "Girls Night Out" & the restaurant of choice this month was The Crab Spot.  From the moment we decided on this place, my craving for crabs grew unbearable.  When we arrived, the host asked if we had a reservation.  I didn't see it listed anywhere that a reservation was necessary so that made me a bit nervous, but we were seated promptly without incident.My drink wasn't very strong, but it was good nevertheless. Our food came out promptly and our waiter was delightful. The prices really weren't that bad. 2 mixed crab pots, a steak dinner & 6 drinks and our bill was about $115.Convenient location.Cash & credit. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/23/2013,197,143,3,5,3>Couldn't speak higher of this place! Walked in on a Sunday at that awkward time between lunch and dinner so was fortunate enough to have no wait and even prime seating in the gorgeous greenhouse area out back. What a beautiful and unassuming setting with all the trees and plants around. Perfect for the humid day it was because we still felt like we were outside but with AC! We were kinda drunk and hungry (delayed shout back to my girl Steph C!) but I know this place would have still been as delicious if I was sober. We shared the mixed platter and hummus platter to start, and the lamb tagline and bastilla for mains. The platters were standard but well crafted - definitely whet our appetites for more! I've had a pretty mediocre bastilla before - my mouth just wasn't jiving with the meat and powdered sugar combo - but after trying Café Mogador's, I'm sold. It was the perfect complementary balance of savory and sweet, something my friends will normally tell you I shy away from. The chicken was perfectly spiced and the phyllo dough so light and crispy. Perfect. The lamb tagline with couscous was also delicious - I can't get over how tender and fall-off-the-bone it was, and how flavorful! Definitely coming back here to try it all over again!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,11/22/2013,12,35,6,9,9>You are not in Manhattan.  This is Sunset Park.  This place caters to the locals.  This is not a five star restaurant and no one should expect it to be.  Having said that.  This place is a hidden gem in Brooklyn.  2 people can eat lunch with drinks for 20$ if not less.  The pernil and the ravo is amazing.  I had their roasted chicken half and it was great. Sundays they have a beer special - 3 beers for $10.  I don't see how anyone would have to wait to get their meal on Seamless or walking in - they have all their food in warming trays at the front of the restaurant presumably to facilitate take out customers but if you get table service you get your meal from there too.  The kitchen is downstairs and the staff communicates through intercom to keep him up to speed.  Maybe Seamless is going to the wrong restaurant.  There's another place with the same name a couple of blocks away.  If you are a guy you will appreciate the bevy of lovely ladies that work here.  Don't listen to the haters - this place rocks.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,5/12/2012,48,122,8,4,4>I don't have any experience with upscale NYC pizza. And now I don't want any more.Lucali is tucked away in a quiet, quite unaccessible area of Brooklyn.  My first foray over there, having read about it on one random "top ten NY pizzas" list, I got vehemently denied.  On a Sunday night.  At 8pm.  3 hour wait.I made the repeat trip a week later, on a weekday, at opening time.  With 4 bottles of wine and 5 friends.  That's right, I am definitely partly responsible for the wine bottle limit sign.  You only live once.Anyway, when I heard there were roasted shallots as a topping, I nearly shat myself.  Although that may have had to do with the excess of wine in my system.  But nah, mostly the shallots.  So we ordered one of them with pepperoni and a calzone.Thin, floppy, soft, crunch, flaky.  And the sauce is just the right sweet/sour/tart.  And the cheese.  The stretch in those bastards is maddening.  mostly because that tantalizing moment when youre trying to remove a slice from the pie is sheer, sweet torture.And a calzone comes with panmesan and sauce on the side.  And you can just load that bad boy up.Lucali is the kind of experience you never want to end.  Damn this small stomach.  It's actually quite reasonably priced.  The only trick is the schlepp out there.  I agree with Peter D.  If this place were in my neighborhood, I would have no reason to ever eat anything else.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,5/11/2012,144,314,6,12,10>If you are not in your car or on the train right now heading to Brooklyn Cupcake, you are playing yourself!!When I say moist, I mean moist.  The flavors are unbelievable.  On the outside, you have a regular cupcake.  But once you take a bite, you get an ooey gooey surprise in the middle.  I had  Flan, Strawberry Cheesecake and Carrot Cake. I even received 10% off my order too!!I'll be back before the summer is over.  I've got to get my hands on that Peach Iced Tea and that virgin Mojito!!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,5/10/2012,598,616,21,13,13>Awright awright. I have lived down the block from Dough for exactly 28 days. I have been to Dough every weekend for a cup of coffee and to purchase my weekly bag of Brooklyn Roasters mocha java (note to everyone: support two local businesses at once!). Every weekend I glare at the sultry, delicious-looking donuts, willing myself to stay away. One of my roommates tells me she does the same, and then every once in a while caves. Well, being a lady, sometimes it is easier to have will power than at other times. This past weekend was not filled with willpower. I purchased my normal beans and coffee, and suddenly blurted out (ladies you know what I mean, sigh) that I also wanted a coconut glazed donut. Gah. It's REALLY bad news to find out how AMAZING these donuts are - because once you know... well, there's really no turning back. It's bad news as in the Devil. And lord knows I love me some devil. Perhaps I will make donuts a monthly event. Sigh. See?? I looked at the coconut donut and thought, oh this will probably be dry and gross anyway - you know how glazed yeast-risen donuts can do that sometimes? I really tried to convince myself of this, but curiousity killed the Mel as usual, and as soon as I started walking down the street, I ripped open the bag and took a bite of what, as we say in French-Canadian-land, surement c'est ceil. Surely this is heaven. I don't care how much grease and fat it takes to make one of these donuts, I didn't give a shit that I was walking through the projects with frosting all over my face, trying to juggle my reusable grocery bags, my giant purse, a cup of coffee, and the best donut I've ever had in the whole world... I was the honey badger. And you know the honey badger don't care. Dec.a.dent. Melt in your mouth. Tender. Not so sweet it hurts your teeth. Perfect. Local. I can't even make sentences anymore because I'm practically convulsing. Recalling the experience is the equivalent of watching porn. Go here. NOW.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,5/9/2012,266,920,10,11,7>Somewhere in the annals of human prehistory, a bolt of lightning ignited an ancient forest, torching the fauna and allowing the opportunity for man to discover BBQ.  And we've been craving it ever since.Fast-forward thousands years to modern America where BBQ techniques are probably more hotly debated than lesser issues such as health and education.  Personally, I don't really care if it's Memphis, Carolina, Texas or St. Louis style, just give me some good meat, slow cooked over smoke.  Oh, and do something about Social Security, but first get me my chow.Fortunately Park Slope, home to 45 purveyors of pizza, now has a bona fide BBQ joint that fits the bill.  It's small, charming and most importantly, offers fare cooked all day in a wood smoker, infusing the food with flavor (in today's case:  applewood and hickory) and making the toughest of meats fork-tender. Basically you walk in and order at a counter from a chalkboard listing the day's offerings.  Tonight they had 3 different meats (brisket, pulled pork and pork ribs) and 6 or so sides... coleslaw, beans, etc.  They offer different sized portions as well, which is nice, especially if you want to share or can't decide (or can decide and don't want to share).Now when I say counter, it might conjure up an image of an antiseptic/fast food/formica- type place, which is entirely not the case.   The counter is a nicely tiled spot where you can look into the kitchen, while the rest of the dining area is full-on Victorian Brooklyn brownstone meets Restoration Hardware.   The reason for the counter, I'm told, is that they want this to be a neighborhood place where people can walk in and grab stuff to go - a brilliant concept considering most people in NY have neither room for a smoker or 12 hours to spend tending coals.But if you do choose to eat-in, there's a dozen or so cozy tables, plus a bar with 8 seats, 4 drafts on tap (plus bottles of local brews) and an array of booze, managed by a guy who clearly knows his beverages.   I ordered 2 meats and a side, and these were delivered on a butcher paper covered baking pan - simple and elegant.  The brisket was a long and somewhat thick slice, nicely barked.  The pulled pork stacked nicely adjacent. And the slaw, as with all sides, sits in its own bowl.  Also served was a side of homemade tomato-based barbeque sauce that I liked.  And on the table was small jar of fiery vinegar hot sauce.  I found this to be a nice compromise.  Some like the Southeast style of vinegar drenching while others like the western ways of heavy sauce.  Here, you can enjoy the meat as is, or create your own flavor combination.    Being gastronomically slutty, I enjoyed it all manner of ways, but some people might prefer having such things pre-decided.  I loved the meats and the beer, but the coleslaw was a little one-note (for me), though hearty.  As it's brand new, the employees were still trying to figure things out but all were very polite and friendly.  I was told that in time, they'll be offering more things on the menu and different specials depending on what's fresh (most of their fare is from Heritage Foods).  Overall, I liked it very much if for no other reason than it's unique, casual and wallet-friendly.  I can see myself grabbing dinner here, or some meat to go for a picnic in Prospect Park (or on my couch).  Also, as someone who likes to cook, I sometimes wonder why the heck I'm forking over $10+ for something that I can make at home.  But unless you have a smoker, bags of hard woods and hours to spare, it's hard to replicate this kind of cooking in your abode.   You might be able to come close if you have an adjacent ancient forest, the ability to harness lightening and an abundance of highly flammable wooly mammoths.   Otherwise, go here.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,5/8/2012,804,1655,10,13,13>We were early for a show to Brooklyn Bowl and decided to walk around the neighborhood and explore what Williamsburg had to offer two inquisitve, curious and passionate persons. We walk no more than a block when we spot this place. Open, airy, dimly lit with candles and a garage-like door that was in the open position. It was still warm enough where you could enjoy the fall breeze.  The bar was almost full with a diverse clientele. The space is really big, so even though there were 20+ people inside, it still felt really roomy and breathable. This place is gorgeous, with white painted walls, wood salvaged from a local repurposed factory, and a handsome 23-foot black walnut wood bar. The ambience is laid-back, devilishly romantic but with an industrial edge (use this line in your personal ad, and I am yours).  Our bartendress was just absolutely breathtaking. Tall, blond, with bright red lipstick and tattoos down both arms. Why does everyone in Brooklyn have to be so damn beautiful? Not that I am complaining. My date was taking a break from drinking, so I was the only one imbibing. I asked for a Kinfolk Daily Collins, but they were out of one of the ingredients for that drink. I didn't know what to order, so I just let the baretendress make me something with gin in it. The gin drink was fabulous, but unfortunately, I forgot to ask what was in it. We were too busy talking about Southeast Asian cuisine and dreaming about visiting Thailand and Malaysia. Let's just say that the superb cocktail mixed with sexy and sultry conversation about faraway exotic lands set the tone for the evening to come...
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,5/6/2012,209,892,4,7,7>Park Slope keeps stealing my heart with its awesome restaurants!My friend took me to one of his favorite restaurants and wanting a more quiet atmosphere, we went to the Vino section rather than the Trattoria At 6:30pm on a Friday night, it was still quiet but it did quickly fill up as the night went on. The wine bar of the main restaurant is small, cozy with it's dimly lit atmosphere. That, with stellar service makes this place a great place for a date or a catch up!The highlight of my dining experience here was appetizer we shared - Trippa Alla Toscana - tripe stewed in white wine, soffritto and tomatoes. I love tripe and often than not, restaurants don't cook it well, where the tripe ends up being chewy and rubbery. But at Al Di La, they perfected the art! Having plenty of bread to soak up the rich sauce was as fun as eating the tripe.My dining companion and I went with items off their specials menu instead of their regular items. I had the Pappardelle Pasta with Duck Ragout. It was good but it didn't blow my mind like the appetizer did. I felt like I had more pasta than ragout but that might just be me being super greedy. My friend had the Lasagna, which a mix of pork, venison and beef and it was delicious.Their wine menu is extensive and the waiter was great at recommending wines to compliment my entree. I knew I wanted a red but wasn't sure which one would go well with my duck ragout and I could tell he was trying to figure out himself. I trusted his decision and loved the wine. I'll definitely return here for another meal!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,5/5/2012,68,213,5,8,7>The food at the Islands is a tad greasy and can be spicy.  It may not be delicately prepared or "pretty", but it has it where it counts: the flavor is tremendous.  In fact, I'm going to dub a new food label specifically for this place.  It's not "comfort food" -- I'm going to dub it "uncomfort food", because whenever I go here, I can't help gorging myself to the point where I'm going to explode from eating too much.All joking aside, this Caribbean home-style comfort food truly deserves the moniker "As good as it gets".My faves are the ox-tail and salmon (ordered spicy), but everything is phenomenal.Preambles, Accompaniments=====================Jerk Chicken Wings: B+Very hot (my wife couldn't eat more than one).  The general flavor is "neutral hot": not much flavor other than "hot" and "chicken".  They would've been better charbroiled instead of baked.  Still, very good.Mac and Cheese: AThe bite in this deliciously spicy mac-n-cheese doesn't come from spice -- it comes from a million grated onions.  I've never had a mac-n-cheese quite like this; it really is unique.  Cheesy crust at the bottom of the dish and more cheesy crust at the top of the dish would've turned this A dish into an A+.Rice & Peas: ADon't order this unless you eat a LOT of rice; your meal will come with sufficient rice and peas.  Very delicate -- light, fluffy, and heavenly taste.  A hint of coconut.Roti Skin: N/ALiterally, the outside flour tortilla like skin of roti.  Don't order this.Fowl====BBQ Chicken: C+Not as fantastic as the other menu items.  We've had it twice; both times it was dry and overcooked.  The sauce is slightly sweet which isn't to my liking (if you like Saucy Susan, you'll like this.)Curry Chicken: A-This would be called "Thai yellow curry" or a "typical Indian curry".  Chicken was juicy and well spiced.  The dish could've used more curry sauce, which would've turned an A- dish into an A.Jerk Chicken: A+Ever been disappointed by jerk chicken that was too dry, or didn't taste ethnic?  This jerk chicken will demonstrate that you've never had real jerk chicken before.  You'll realize the jerk chicken you've had at other restaurants or parades are just very sad and laughable.  This chicken is supremely tender, soft, and juicy, even the breast meat.  You get a ton of jerk sauce at the bottom of your dish, underneath the rice. This is a very spicy jerk chicken!Stew Chicken: A-Not spicy at all; I'd call this savory.  Extremely tasty stewed chicken.  Sauce was a solid comfort stew, chicken was ultra soft and tasty.  Only complaint is that it could've used more stew sauce.Meat====Ox Tail: A+Ox tail for the uninitiated is just plain heavenly, but it's especially fantastic here.  The sauce is slightly spicy with strong overtones of garlic and the fatty goodness that the lovers of ox tail love.  You can suck on the bones for hours.  The meat is fall-off-the-bone soft.   tinyurl.com/caot8j9Jerk Leg of Lamb: A+Like the Ox Tail: fatty, spicy, savory.  It's very lamby.  You will not mistake this for any other kind of meat.  Every bit as delicious as the ox tail.  Unfortunately, they rarely have it.  If you come to the restaurant and they happen to have it, ORDER IT!!!Fish===Steamed Salmon: A+ / B+When ordered extra spicy, it's an A+.  When ordered not spicy, it's a B+.  Either way, the sauce is truly spectacular.  This meal lives for its sauce / juice.  You will pour the sauce on your rice and scoop up the juicy rice with the salmon skin / salmon fat / thinner juicy parts and it will be a spicy salmon pudding which will carry you over wave upon wave of intense orgasmic salmony goodness.  Note to wife: No, honey.  It's not better than sex, but it's a close 2nd!Calypso Shrimp: A-This is a "sauce dish": you'll be sopping up a lot of sauce with rice.  The copious sauce is the main dinner guest; the shrimps have been invited almost as an afterthought.  The sauce is coconut flavored, slightly sweet, and very thick.  Delicious except it has a very slight taste of sauce thickener (arrow root?  corn starch?)  Despite what the menu says, these are not jumbo shrimp; they're normal sized.Dessert=======Cheesecake: DThe crust was bitter and I didn't like the flavor of the citrus sauce on the cheesecake.Bread Pudding: A+A perfect dessert: Wonderfully doughy, slightly sweet, and has a hint of rum, which lends itself perfectly to strong black coffee.Beverages=========Homemade Sorrel: AVery strong, sweet, and delicious.Homemade Lemonade: ANot tart at all!  Sweet and delicious.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,5/4/2012,27,680,,6,7>Peaches Hot House occupies a quiet corner in Bed-Stuy, a small place that's bright but cozy, with decor that seems to want to evoke a wooden shack but is much too neat and clean for that.  Its unassuming, casual, and nice to be in.  My friend heard of them and after months of batting around a dinner idea, we finally made good on it.  On board was a native of Atlanta who spent most of his life in the South, on whom I relied on to offer an opinion about authenticity since I have no benchmark to speak of.I LOVE hot fried chicken.  I never met an American style fried chicken I liked, but that search ended today.  A $12 order comprised of three pieces of chicken (wing, leg, breast) plus a side and cornbread (not a fan of cornbread and this one isn't going to be the game changer); we tried the hot and extra hot.  The flaky thin, super crisp crust dusted with spice encased flavorful, fantastically juicy and smooth chicken.  Is this the way fried chicken should be?  I have no idea but I certainly like it this way.  Hot is excellent; the heat builds up slow and ends on a low flame.  Extra hot builds up the same but it ends up being quite a blistering experience; I could tolerate it but its just not as enjoyable.  Choose based on your own mileage; I consider my heat tolerance to be above-average but not competitive.We also loved the 12-hour smoked beef ribs, which came deboned, one gigantic tender hunk of meat.  Such texture, we could cut with a fork but not mushy; could use more flavor but the sweet and spicy sauce they gave us worked great.  Of the sides, the bacon creamed corn and collard greens were favorites; mac and cheese ok but unremarkable.  Pimiento cheese toast, a casual snack I never had before, was tasty but the bread was so-so and too much of it.  Fried green tomatoes were lovely; thin dusting of breading over super hot, tart tomato slices with salad greens and thick slices of bacon.Their bar serves up quite a few bourbon/whiskey cocktails and a selection of wines and beers.I like this place a lot.  My dining companions agreed, including the one with Southern cred who gave the food a thumbs up for being tasty and good enough to take people from the South to.  Great food, reasonably priced, friendly service, easy-going atmosphere, and a nice crowd.  What more do you want?  Can't wait to have more fried chicken!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,5/3/2012,31,105,4,5,4>A freezing Sunday morning. Hungover as all hell after passing the splo with a gang of frenzied Ukrainians. I needed something heavy and rich to turn things around. Ruuuuuuucoooolaaaaaa!The place was packed for brunch so we sat at the bar. The bartender was a nice dude. I went with the slow roasted pork sandwich with peppers. Not just a good sandwich. One of the best sandwiches I can ever remember eating. The wife had the poached eggs with speck and said it was one of the best brunches she's had in the cobble hill area. That's sayin something.Happy wife equals happy life. We'll be back folks.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,5/2/2012,66,254,,7,6>At a time when new burger places are popping up all over the place I didn't think there was a need for yet another such restaurant. I was wrong. On a Saturday night my friends and I wanted some simple comfort food, burgers (veggie in my case) and fries. We headed to the the neighborhood burger hot spot Moo Burger and were turned off by the long line and wait for a table. Their burgers are good but they're not THAT good. So we headed to Smith and discovered Burger on Smith. What a pleasant surprise! The new restaurant was nearly empty, had tons of space and some delicious burgers. With a varied menu that offered some amazing burger varieties like lamb, rainbow trout and veggie burgers with quinoa and avocado (yum!) as well as spicy and garlic fries, there was something for everyone. The only thing I stopped myself from ordering was a milkshake which while I'm sure is delicious, cost a whopping $9.I'd definitely return to Burger on Smith.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/13/2014,241,303,1,16,7>These ladies (I've only seen and dealt with women here) are some of the most professional and well informed that I've met in this profession.From the phone staff to the office visit, you (and your little one) will be leaving with a smile and peace of mind.Both my visits went without hiccup and I was even seem on an "emergency" walk-in visit without any issue....now that's dedication. They saw my sick pup and didn't give me, "sry you don't have an appt" bs.They can also provide you a local cab phone number, but be sure to inform the driver that you'll be traveling with an animal....you'd think they would suspect that being that you're calling from the vets office but hey. shrugCash & Credit.Also, they can email you your receipt (if your dog eats receipts -_-)
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/12/2014,153,97,4,8,7>I cannot imagine life without the b.y.o.burger, medium rare with sauteed onions and cheddar, or the mac and cheese with bacon and siracha. I've also had the waffles and crispy, crunchy, delicious fried chicken.  The quality of ingredients and the skill of the people in the kitchen really show through in every single bite. Not only is the food amazing every single time, but the servers are super friendly and welcoming. They seem to enjoy the place and each other which is certainly a plus. Of course, I can't forget that it is also a bar. The beer on tap and in bottle are varied and delicious. If you are unsure of what you want, ask the folks behind the bar. Not only do they know the menu but are willing to give you a sample to make sure you will enjoy it. Try to keep the beer menu if you like to taste around while you're there. If you couldn't tell, I greatly enjoy this place. The decor and ambiance can be relaxing or jazzed (when there's a game on). I always enjoy myself though!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,3/11/2014,255,1002,9,10,11>Brooklyn represents a dream. It's a dream of being young, skinny, well-dressed, hip, beautiful, and able to sustain yourself by selling art.This place is the dream, come to life.Come here for food, drink, concerts, merchandise, and beautiful people.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/10/2014,136,226,5,7,6>This place is a toy store for chefs and home cooks alike.So many awesome tools and accessories. They have seemingly anything you're looking for and the staff is super knowledgeable about the products. Very helpful!I also love the way the place is laid out. Definitely a must see!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,3/9/2014,188,214,24,18,14>There is a legitimate reason that I'm still single and that's because I've been saving myself for that special someone like Island Burger. Be forewarned, this is not your typical fast food burger institution and be ready to experience something so completely orgasmically, fantastically delicious, that will leave you begging for more time and time again. Foreplay: Steak fries drowned in garlic sauce, pepper and ketchup. Just a note, pepper from the Caribbean is similar to how I love my women, exotic and disgustingly hot to the point where it's literally, a pain in my arse. Main event: Grilled chicken burger topped with lettuce and red onion. Don't forget the cheddar cheese please. On my burger, a thick spread of garlic sauce and chadon beni (it's similar to cilantro but more potent). The chicken patty is always well seasoned, succulent and so juicy that the flavor is dripping from each and bite that I take. Deeper and further as I work my way into my meal, an overwhelming feeling of sleepiness takes over me. In anticipation, the home stretch is the best part of the meal but I can never finish. Round after round, toying between my fries and burger, globs of garlic sauce splattered all around and a scrumptious morsel of my burger just laying there in the box all alone. Stuffed to capacity, I drift into a heavy slumber. It is a necessity that several locations of Island Burger are established immediately, so people can bask and share in the happiness that I feel with my future wife. With that being said, Island Burger will you marry me? (Awkward silence)
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,3/8/2014,256,200,,9,6>A bakery that dances between the line of Chinese pastries and American culture, Audrey's Concerto is a delightful little place on the edge of Bensonhurst that yearns to be different from the plethora of Chinese Bakeries before it. The atmosphere undoubtedly caters to the younger generation with its cutely decorated pastries and taste. I felt sympathy for the old Chinese man who came in asking if they had any roast pork buns, but not to worry, as he would find his down the block. This place is reserved for those looking for something new and exciting in this cultural neighborhood!With its desserts being 90% mousse, I found this slightly disappointing. Mousse is just a complement in a good pastry, and here it is supposed to be the star. I found this concept hard to swallow, but thankfully, the pastries were anything but that! Each mousse IS delicious in flavor and delightful. My favorite would be the green tea and mango mousse. If you are looking to quench your thirst with something other than bubble tea in this area, I highly recommend the Pineapple Basil Tea! Refreshing and  sweet--this drink is something I WOULD return for!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,3/7/2014,40,338,7,14,11>The hipster backlash is in full effect here on Yelp and elsewhere on the 'net (cough, cough Eater) against the supposed pretensions and attitude of King Noodle. Why this Bushwick purveror of small plates in an untraditional, casual atmosphere has come in for so much scorn while similarly brash concepts like Traif and Pig & Khao are heavily praised, I'm not sure. But I suspect the Doritos. The kimchi carbonarra topped with Nacho Cheese Doritos has dominated the discussion of this restaurant, so I'll start there. This dish comes served as a rather substantial portion and could serve as a meal if you were dining solo or not sharing plates. It's understandably hearty with the bacon and kimchi providing rich salt flavors to balance out the cheese and al dente pasta. The Doritos are served crushed on top of the dish to provide unami. It's sacrilege to use such an "artificial" ingredient mixed with in high quality meat and cheese, but this represents the Brooklyn diet in miniature in the year 2013. Except for a few purists, dinners are alternating locally-sourced, organic fare with new frankencombinations of factory foods. How else to explain the line of skinned-jeaned NYU students at the Mrytle Avenue J stop the day the Doritos Taco Loco Cool Ranch taco went on sale?I'm glad they've scrapped the $1 surcharge for the Doritos, since it's not an optional component and it became such a lightning rod. Just take after the old George Michael album and Eat Without Prejudice. Elsewhere there are other creations that could come across as trolling if they weren't so tasty. Korean rice cakses are mixed with crab (obnoxiously spelled with a "k" here, as if to taunt the critics) and mozzarella. A single oversized rib comes brushed with pineapple.The mapo fries are off the permanent menu, but were offered as a special on a recent visit. They're probably best avoided, as the kitchen here as failed to make the next must-have flavor of poutine and instead made a bit of a mess. Alcohol comes in several shades - a shared, flaming scorpion bowl that will get one person hammered and three buzzed; pitchers of Budweiser for a too steep $15; cans of good microbrews like Brooklyn IPA.  It's not one particular thing, but that's on balance a positive; a lot like this misunderstood restaurant.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,3/6/2014,376,328,6,13,8>We came here as a group and the restaurant was very welcoming and friendly. Immediately they set up our table and their service was fast and uninterrupted. We ordered three dishes and shared it among ourselves. Our first dish, Uygur Lagman ($9), was a hand-pulled noodle dish that was served in a tomato-based broth with chunks of seasonal vegetables and beef.  Their noodles were a bit chewy and eggy but it tasted perfect once we added the warm tomato broth and mixed it thoroughly before eating.We also tried their Manty ($6.50) dish, which were steamed dumplings filled with chopped lamb and onions. Unfortunately their dumplings were okay as chunks of lamb fat were found in the dumplings which made it a bit unappetizing. Lastly we ordered their Lamb Kabobs ($4 each) and I have to say their kabobs were absolutely delicious. The four pieces of lamb cubes was marinated perfectly and matched very well with a side dish of their thinly sliced red onions in vinegar. Moreover the meat was not only tender, moist and soft but it was also savory and delightful. Since I don't live nearby, I'm not sure if I would venture back here but if you're around the neighborhood, I would suggest checking them out, especially if you fancy ethnic  cuisine. Lastly, this is a BYOB restaurant so you can't really beat that!!!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/5/2014,43,100,12,12,8>This tiny little shop bakes everything in house, said a worker at the counter, without looking up from his iPhone. I am not sure if his disinterest in my presence was just typical of the modern era, or just a virtue of his being French. It's probably both. If it's the latter, and he's a moody French guy in a bakery, I guess this makes the place somehow more authentic. Which is good for a franchise location.Bakeshop is a spin-off of sorts, an adorably small and neighborhood aesthetic-tailored branch of the larger chain Woops!, known mostly for its macarons sold at locations around NYC and New Jersey. I asked Monsieur Disconnect for a recommendation. "Everything," he said. His hand that wasn't holding the phone waved, with an open palm up, towards the array of baked goods. I asked for a blueberry scone, which he scooped up and handed off to someone else to ring up. We never once made eye contact.The scone I had was really quite good. I'm hesitant to say it was a perfect scone out of spite, but it may have been a perfect score. I've not had another in this neighborhood that could beat it. I'll be going back for another and to try more of the baked goods, hopefully during someone else's shift.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/4/2014,271,692,4,7,6>What the what what, this place is AWESOME.Stumbling out of Maison Premiere, grasping my belly in hunger (and my wallet in pain), my SF friends spot their fave sausage joint, Rosamunde and we ran across the street and we stuffed delicious sausages down our throats as fast as they could make them.  We also drank a bunch of drinks.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2014,11/9/2014,222,375,6,10,9>Between the massive hype and the uber-hipsterness of its location and clientele, I can't help but feel slightly embarrassed to be jumping on the bandwagon (made of reclaimed wood and hand-bleached canvas cover, of course) to say this is really good pizza.But it is. It is really good pizza. Those big ol' ovens aren't just for show. They hosted and catered my friend's wedding with these annoying individual-sized pizzas, buffet style (That is the only size they make, right? They weren't just being douches by serving 100+ people with three personal pies at a time, right?).They had a few different types of pizza. Bee Sting, four cheese, veggie, and something else that I forgot. Wow. They were all really delicious. The thin crust was perfectly crispy and chewy, the sauce to cheese ratio was balanced, and the toppings complemented each other. I think my favorite was the Bee sting, which had the mozzarella, soppressata, and honey. I really like the salty-sweet combo with just a little spicy kick. All pizzas were served piping hot right from the oven. I'm not sure I would say it's the best pizza in NYC (Places like Lucali still have the edge), but it is definitely up there. If you're one of the masses on a quest to try all of NYC's best pizzas, this one should go on your list.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/8/2014,150,173,4,7,5>Best nail salon in all of park slope. I almost don't want to post this review so I can keep Vivi all to myself - but they deserve a good clientele base. Vivi Nails is clean, well-operated and the people are very friendly. They do a perfect job with manicures and pedicures and pay attention to all the small details that come with each. I recently got a French manicure there and it's possible one of the best I've ever had. They really listened to the specific way I wanted the French (not a line straight across, but more of a U-shaped curve). I love everything about this nail salon and am happy it's so close to home.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,11/7/2014,136,150,7,10,10>One of the best damn pizzas I've ever had. Spring for the large pie with sausage, peppers and onions and experience all of the best elements of Brooklyn / Coney Island in a single bite.We were fortunate to land a table here. It closes quite early, like 8PM or so. The hostess had turned away several other parties before we were able to sweet talk our way in. Thank God we did; it was a great experience. Highly recommended.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,11/6/2014,143,120,12,10,9>Here's what you should know. This is particularly helpful if you're not Chinese. - This place has awesome Asian pastries. They're sweet and they're bad for you and I love them.-They have awesome teas, from bubble teas to my favorite, citron with lemon rind at the bottom. -English isn't a priority here. You will have a hard time communicating, but be patient. Louder doesn't mean clearer.-You might not get what you ordered despite your best efforts, but if you stay open minded, you might enjoy it. It's a whole lot easier than explaining the situation and starting from scratch. Live spontaneously and eat that bun , that which you have no clue about what's in there. -Roast pork bun is sweet and guilt-inducing but try eating it, and not inhaling it. I dare you. -Depending on how flexible with food you are, you will have a good experience.-The awning doesn't say Century Cafe anymore, it says Golden Sands. I never understood the naming procedures of Asian businesses.I'm white and I like to be surprised, so I think Century is great.FYI Cash only.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/5/2014,157,303,3,7,4>Thank you Yelp for giving me the courage to stop by because I walk past Abidjan every day as it is around the corner from my apartment but never ventured in.  Needless to say, I have ordered from them many times as this point.  Cheap and delicious with plenty of adventurous and non adventurous choices.  My favorite still has to be the jerk chicken and plantains plate.  A small is $5 and the regular portion is $10 with guaranteed leftovers.  The staff is friendly and accommodating and more than willing to help you figure out what to try. 5 stars!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,11/4/2014,13,94,4,8,7>I had been eager to try out Luksus - the restaurant tucked in the back of the great beer bar Torst - in Greenpoint since I had read about Daniel Burns (the head chef) in NY mag's "Where to eat 2014" piece. I was lucky to eat there on a somewhat quieter evening and had the pleasure of sitting at the bar area which gives you full view of the small, open kitchen where Daniel and his sous chef (I presume) were working away. The restaurant itself only seats about 20-24 people in total so it is a wonderfully intimate space.The menu is a chef's tasting at $95/pp with an optional beer pairing for an extra $45/pp. (There is also a non-alcoholic version of a pairing for $25). Not only do I love the idea of a beer pairing, it is something extremely tough to come by here in the USA. I found it more prevalent in Europe and Scandinavia as the sophistication and appreciation of brews continues. Thank you Luksus for helping to promote the idea here!To start we were served several "snacks" - our night consisted of pickled fiddle heads (a rare, early season green), smoked black sea bass with radish, lobster and seaweed, chicken oyster with cauliflower and lamb sweetbreads with a hay gribiche. This was followed by slightly larger portions of hake with green almonds and dill, a chrysanthemum broth accompanied by rutabaga and smoked egg, and a main course of skate - both the wing and the cheek were served - with sun choke and kohlrabi. There was a palate cleanser course of ginger sorbet with lime yogurt (almost my favorite dish of the night due to the textural perfection of the sorbet with the perfect citrus balance of the yogurt) and a dessert of licorice ice cream with beetroot sorbet (phenomenal combination) with quark and meringue.The beer pairings I had were: bikini beer by Evil Twin, Berliner Weisse by Bayerisher Banhoff, Abraxxxas by Freigest (adorable label with a ghost), Oro de Calabaza by Jolly Pumpkin and finally Aphrodite by Dieu du Ciel.All in all the menu was creative, interesting, normal boundary pushing (beetroot with dessert?) yet approachable. The service was great and due to our prime seating, we were able to speak with Daniel and his cohort throughout the service. He was extremely friendly, informative and took the time to answer our many questions about the restaurant itself, the dishes and his culinary past. And I asked if I could take pictures, as I never want to be rude and presume it is allowed, and he was happy that I do so. Since they change their menu rather frequently, I am already looking forward to my next dining experience knowing full well it will be just as exciting and mouth watering as the first.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/3/2014,114,212,7,9,7>I've been going there on a weekly basis. I'm addicted.The Galaxy IPA is fantastic beyond words. Best brewery in the city? Definitely.Also: F-you, BK Mag/Edible Manhattan, for writing these guys up! I want Other Half to be a secret. My secret. The last thing I need is for it to be packed to the gills every time I walk in.Of course, anyone reading this should be asking themselves why they aren't there now. So, so good.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,11/2/2014,619,418,5,6,6>This is not your large box hardware store like Home Depot but instead more of a Ma and Pa style store with a home grown sensibility. However, don't let that fool you into thinking that you can't find just about every hardware or functional home good item you need because this place carries quite a big inventory. Bruno's is just a tad more expensive than Home Depot and Lowe's, but downtown Brooklyn residents will like the convenience of getting what they need without traveling too far away from home. Note also that the staff are super friendly and very knowledgable... and always ready to help answer any product questions you have.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/1/2014,48,103,12,11,11>Well, as my first haircut in the city, I was terrified. Okay maybe not terrified, but definitely apprehensive. In comparison, I'm just a country bumpkin from upstate (Binghamton isn't really country, but here, everywhere else is country.)Vivian was fantastic though. It helped that she was from upstate too, so we knew a lot of the same places, but mainly it was that she had an excellent "chairside manner" (think bedside manner, except I was getting a haircut, not dying of the plague). The space itself was warm and welcoming, and has its own dog, which I think every building should come with. So, the overall experience, 5/5.As to the result, which is arguably more important than the experience - I liked it, which is what's really important, but everyone else liked it too, which is what I'll have to hear about for the next few weeks.So overall - stellar stuff.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,10/31/2014,249,194,11,15,13>Atlantic ChipShop is my favorite Fish & Chips not just in Brooklyn but all NYC. The restaurant and food scream Authentic Merry Olde England! It's like finding a neighborhood gem in Blackpool but you're in Brooklyn. I like it better than most F&C shops I've eaten in Europe.Sometimes we eat here, but the restaurant is small and the bar area usually full. Most times we order delivery so we don't come out smelling like deep fried fish. I prefer the haddock to cod but both are delicious and perfectly crispy outside while moist inside. They do not skimp on the size as each order gets a whole slab or two of fish. You also get a ton of chips to fill you up. Salt, pepper and a liberal amount of malt vinegar make it awesome.The curry sauce is worth the extra cost. The mushy peas are so good that it's probably best for everyone to order their own peas so there is no fighting among friends.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,2/7/2013,476,542,19,42,32>Nice, welcoming restaurant that serves wonderful food, prepared with care and great attention to ingredients. Great place for a low key date, to catch up with friends or family, or even to just catch a game at the bar[1] while having a beet and eating oysters.The people behind this restaurant are clearly ambitious: they put a lot of passion and thinking in bringing their idea to life, and in my view it paid off. You would have a hard time finding a fault in their execution.Named after singer Curtis Mayfield, the ambiance is certainly soulful, with exposed bricks, rustic wood floors, expandable wooden high-top tables, and Guastavino-like tile work on the open kitchen. Or the use of the power cords on the ceiling as a decorative geometric pattern. The feel is at the same time casual and sexy.The menu, divided between raw bar, veg, seafood, meat, sandwiches, entrees, and sides, is not going to win praise for originality; in the end, this is still mainly comfort food that should please everybody. However, things are kept interesting by a menu that rotates around seasonal ingredients.And certain dishes are actually surprising. Their take on fried chicken and collards, for example, features a buttermilk fried quail ($20). They make their own corned beef tongue, served with kraut and creamy grain mustard ($10). The roasted Brussels sprouts dish features Dante: an aged sheep's milk cheese from Wisconsin.The best dishes I've tried so far include:- Nantucket Bay scallops with smoked salmon and caviar cream over a Johnny cake ($16; a seasonal dish). Delicate and tasty.- The Berkshire pork chop saltimbocca[2] with caramelized onion farro and grilled radicchio ($22). A well executed porkchop: charred on the outside, nice and juicy on the inside. Also, I love radicchio!- Roasted Brussels sprouts with squash and picked mustard seeds ($10). As tasty and gratifying as it sounds.- Fried clam bellies with tartar and cocktail sauces ($13). Crisp on the outside, melt-in-your-mouth on the inside. Best late night dish I've had in months!For dessert, the apple upsidedown cake with ice cream and caramel ($6) is simple and tasty; enjoy it with a glass of Applejack from Laird & Co, as our bartender suggested. Cheese cake with graham cracker crumbles, pomegranate, and fig sauce was as surprisingly light as it was flavorful ($6).If there are a couple of things where Mayfiled can improve would be a more substantial list of beers on draft, and a bread basket. A good bread basket can go a long way in setting the mood of the table.Mayfield also features a really nice oyster happy hour: $1 Malpeque every day (weekend included!) 5-6:30pm. And they have some interesting (and affordable!) cocktails; my favorite being the Lord Byron[3].-------------------------------------------------[1] The TV is kept on mute, luckily.[2] This dish was a big surprise to me, since saltimbocca in Italian is a completely different dish: veal, prosciutto or ham, and sage, rolled-up and pan-seared.[3] Aptly described by the bartender as "A Negroni on steroids".
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,2/6/2013,64,85,2,9,8>I'm so excited to have found NoBar and to dub this establishment as my newest "local". NoBar is a cozy place, with just enough chairs and tables to accommodate its patrons. Adorning the walls are paintings created by local artists. It's the feel of these pieces which really gives NoBar it's unique abiance. They also periodically hold free art shows to welcome in new pieces (the next one is tonight at 8pm!). I've only met a few bartenders since going there over the past few weeks, though all were humorous, personable, and engaging. Drinks selection is very good, though beware! The beers on draught all tend to be high alcohol content. They also serve Session for those who are looking to have a *quieter* night. Although NoBar doesn't serve food, they allow for delivery from outside vendors and have some menus handy at the bar.My favorite aspect of NoBar? The pool table! I can't tell you how excited I am to have a table so near to home... and it's free. Winner stays on, so get to NoBar early to claim your place!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,2/5/2013,119,158,3,9,9>Brooklyn Banya is set up like most other Banya's: hot tub, cold pool, dry sauna, wet sauna and steam room. Also, a place to eat and drink and a lounge area. This one also has a rooftop jacuzzi and the occasional DJ night. Fun times. Why is this Banya special? This Banya is staffed by a group of people who really care, if your'e not sure what to do - they will help. If you're hungry, they'll recommend something good. If you aren't satisfied, SAY SO - they want to make your experience 100% enjoyable. Plus, there is a kitty. :)Why is this Banya special to me? After a really really hard year (read: full of physical and emotional losses and major family stress), this Banya saved my life. Coming here with my husband helped me relax and pamper myself after suffering so long. We go regularly to reconnect and to help us deal with life's challenges. Banya is more than just a spa, more than just a social place - it's a place of meditation and relaxation. It's like a second home. If you go to Banya to eat, drink and shvitz that's good, but you're missing the point. Surrender and go in with an open mind, you'll have a five star experience just I like I did.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/4/2013,103,107,,6,6>Giovanni's is wonderfully delicious and pleasantly inexpensive.   My partner and I had a wonderful time here, and I am sure to be back.  Basically everything on the menu is under 15 dollars--there are homemade pastas, excellent chicken parmesan, and great tasting desserts.  I am definitely excited to go back and try other items on the menu! The space is simple, but nice, and I think it definitely makes for a good casual date spot.  The waiters were attentive and helpful, and the wait was about 15 minutes.  We had to go catch an 830 movie, and they helped get us out on time.  Definitely a five-star spot considering the price of the meal, and probably one of my favorite restaurants in the south slope.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,2/3/2013,136,150,3,8,4>In the restaurant obsessed landscape of New York City, fads come and go. Certain ingredients become staples on every menu; identical tattoos pop up on the forearms of drones of waiters, bartenders and kitchen staffers alike. Everyone prints their menus on the same type of paper, using the same fonts and pricing schemes - giving you a bargain on this, overcharging you for that. Like the fads themselves, these restaurants come and go, fizzling out into the darkness like thousands of other forgettable restaurants before them.The exception to this trend is the restaurant that gets better with age. It takes a lot to make a restaurant get better with age: location, focus, discipline, dedication, hard work, love... and arguably a number of other intangible factors that defy explanation. Roberta's has all of those things, and has steadily become better over the years because of them. Roberta's is a convent of food culture. It has a uniquely branded identity that extends to every aspect of the place. For the staff, one gets the impression that they don't want to be anywhere else; as if  Roberta's has become a refuge from their everyday lives. They cling to - and ensure the vitality of - this dreamscape by providing you with a rather amazing restaurant experience. From the built-in radio station, to the rooftop garden (where genetic cross-mutations are the every day norm), to the tiki bar out back, Roberta's has built a compound to protect its diners from reality, all tucked behind a nondescript door in the middle of industrial Bushwick. The food, beverages and pizzas are all top-notch, too. Roberta's is one of the more unique restaurants in the U.S. Not because it's trendy (which it is), but because it's different. And good. And special. And fun. Go and see for yourself.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/2/2013,69,443,3,3,3>Wow, I really appreciate what Hunter's is contributing to the neighborhood, and wished I had gone sooner. The environment is pretty much no frills but with some cute accents (old fashioned by hand juicer, old school radio, some chalkboard painted wall segments where they write specials)I was there on a Sunday and while they didn't seem to have many staff members working I felt the staff was friendly and attentive.Their cocktail list looks awesome and I can't wait to try a bunch of those concoctions. They take a fresh (house made pastas for example) seasonal (I caught the winter menu), local (they tell you where the meat and spirits hail from) approach while still being creative with their concepts. It is quite impressive to see both put into action.I think it is reasonably priced for what they are offering (organic meat, yay!) I had the seasonal omelette ($11) with squash, kale and cheddar. I was looking for more cheddar in there, but felt really good about my healthy, hearty and tasty meal, which came with fresh greens with a light dressing. I tasted the pancakes which rival some of the best places I have had pancakes at because they are slightly crispy on the outside, but soft in the middle. They were made with yogurt and had a nice serving of fruit (bananas, blueberries and blackberries) to go with it. Next time I might pass on the broiled grapefruit, because I think I love grapefruit how it is and don't think the broiling added much..or maybe would have liked a whole one for $3 (instead of half.)I had to glance at a dinner menu and just love the ideas there..creamy Kale? I may have been waiting for that my whole life...I hope to go back and give a 5 star rating when I see what else they have to offer. But I was totally satisfied and psyched about this place!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,2/1/2013,368,102,9,12,10>I love carbs. I love all things fattening, So naturally, I love noodles and I find nothing "Wong" with that! (Slaps knee). "Wong Wong Noodle Shop" offers all sorts of noodle dishes for noodle lovers. If you come here looking for rice or duck or any other dishes that contain no type of noodles, you will get the death stare from the staff and maybe even a little "extra seasoning" in your food. I kid! I kid!. But Wong Wong does noodles right. Hand-pulled right in front of you and then added to your dish. Majority of the people that come here, mostly the locals of Brooklyn's Chinatown, order soup. Now I'm not a fan of soup. To me, I've always felt like I'm just drinking hot liquid. I like my soups thick and chunky and stew like. This soup on the other hand flips that upside down. Wong Wong's "Beef Tendon" soup is the shizz! And for me to say that, it's a miracle since I cry at the thought of soup. The broth it comes in is so light but extremely flavorful, I don't know how they do it (makes me think of that extra seasoning lol). Whatever it is, it's sure to cure any sinus issues. Also mingling in this bowl of deliciousness are those hand-pulled noodles. Pulled to the right size, not too thick or too thin, these noodles are perfect. The chunks of meaty beef tendon that swim in the bowl are so good! I love the littly fatty pieces and the pieces with cartilage. For greens, they add in some fresh bok choy and that's all we have folks, there's your "beef tendon noodle soup", simple enough yet soo darn good!The "beef chow noodles" are more my style. We're talking those hand-pulled noodles again tossed in a pan for a quick sear with some egg, bok choy, and beef. Oh, I love this dish. I add some hot chili sauce, sriracha sauce, and taadaa! Magic in your mouth, of course that's to my liking. I also love sitting family style with locals and see how they look at me and laugh, since I know what to order. Surprise, surprise, I get around....in the food world of course. Come to Wong Wong Noodle Shop, sit with locals, eat some soup, watch the man pull noodles! You'll love it! Cause if this place is "Wong", I don't wanna be right.I had "Wong" more left in me. Lol.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,1/31/2013,34,100,7,7,5>If I boy asks you out for pizza and beer and brings you to this place for your first date - he's either super poor, or a genius for maximizing opportunity cost.But really.Anyway, I doubt there is anything left to review of this place. It's obviously, a neighborhood favorite that somehow never seems to be crowded. Free pizza yada yada yada.Also- I won Bingo here once. It was surprisingly fun. So come here for that too on Wednesdays.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,1/30/2013,64,131,5,11,6>WAIT. WHAT? HOW HAVE I NOT REVIEWED TACIS BEYTI YET? (this is turning into my new favorite opening line!)like every russian in brooklyn, my family has been coming here for many years to enjoy the traditional turkish fare -- hummus, shepherds salad, cacik, sigara boregi, hot cubes of calf's liver with red onions, spicy tomato sauce eggplant, pan-fried eggplant with yogurt (MY MOUTH IS WATERING). i love everything off the appetizers menu with the lone exception of the artichoke/potato dish which leaves a lot to be desired. when you are bursting at the seams from the appetizers, get ready for a delicious kebab. the meat is always juicy and tender. always always always. the iskender kebab (gyro kebab with hot tomato and yogurt sauce) is a MUST. it's truly divine.tip: come here with a big group so you can try a bit of everything!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/29/2013,86,153,2,6,2>The food is never a disappointment. It's delicious and STILL cheap and affordable, just how Thai should be. The only "complaint" is that you'll wait forever on ANY night, even weekdays. That has been my experience, so if you have time and wait, it's still a wonderful meal. I finally made it to lunch, where it was surprisingly still busy but of course we could grab a seat easily.Curry? Good.Noodles? Good.Thai Iced Tea? Good.Calamari? SOO good. And the small size is still a good amount.I love how they write their special menus (whoever's handwriting that is.... superb!)Really nice staff too, but sometimes they seem aloof. I'll let it pass ;) Decor and space is really nice, which is why I like them more - because they don't try to be fancy.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/11/2013,80,119,11,7,8>Once upon a time, this guy in the neighborhood asked me out on a date, inquiring if I liked Indian food. I knew it wasn't meant to be when he told me he was an India Passage guy and I told him I was (and will always be) a Taj Mahal girl. I could never commit myself to a person who would choose the mediocre food, service and atmosphere at India Passage over the obviously superior food, service and atmosphere just a few steps away at Taj Mahal. Some red flags just can't be ignored! (Of course there was also the thing with the missing teeth, the gold chains and the weird sexual innuendos...oh, Bay Ridge!)I have brought so many people here and everyone has always raved about it. The quality of the food is as good as it gets, the servers are the kindest bunch, and I always find myself happily relaxed at one of their spotlessly clean tables. Most importantly, I have never ordered a dish here that was anything other than perfectly prepared.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,7/10/2013,19,150,3,7,5>I find this to be a very, very excellent addition to my list of whiskey options in Brooklyn.The scotch list is extensive and almost entirely accessible - when I come to a bar like this I don't want to be drinking something that I already have in my bar at home, nor do I want to be paying $100 a glass for something I'll likely never have again.  This list does a really good of finding that balance.The bartenders know their stuff and (at least the ones I've spoken with) hit the perfect note of  demonstrating that knowledge, but without trying to make you feel a fool for asking.High points:- Great scotch- Great staff- Great atmosphereLow point:- Ask me again later.  Maybe if I try really hard, I'll find something to complain about.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,7/9/2013,56,54,12,11,10>How's this for high praise from a New Yorker? I walk an entire subway stop out of my way just to get my coffee here on my morning commute.Revolutionary! Unheard of! The quintessential tale of love and triumph in a jaded modern age of failing neighborhood businesses driven by narcissistic Yupsters and post-cubicle capitalism in a New Brooklyn that's too expensive for humans who don't make vintage sawhorses out of reclaimed driftwood to sell on Etsy."Relax," you're thinking, "it's just coffee" And "that sounds like the sort of thing a Yupster would say, thinking he wasn't one himself."First of all, guilty as charged. I'm the worst. B, I'm just kidding around - I love this new Brooklyn even if I feel mildly guilty giving my patronage to a place like this and not the old barber shop down the street that's been here since the 1970's. Listen, this Jew-fro took me 20+ years to tame so I could stop feeling self-conscious about my body, and I'm not about to sacrifice my dashing good looks for the sake of supporting my community. What kind of 20-something do you take me for? I live in Williamsburg and commute to Manhattan for my "creative professional" job, for heaven's sake! At least I FEEL guilty. That's how I can still pretend to give a shit to let myself off the hook for this sordid love affair I have with my own ego. But I digress.Thirdly, this place has all the positives of Hipsterdom (cool music, cool people, chill vibe, killer beans) but none of the negatives (holier-than-thou hipness, antipathy to the unhip, requisite sleeve tattoos).I mean, I don't even have a sleeve tattoo. Twice, I've been told I should get one while getting hit on, once by a girl and once by a guy. "You're really cute," they said in their turn, "but you'd look even better with a sleeve tattoo." That happened on two separate occasions in totally separate friend circles. They used the exact same wording, which made me think there had been a big meeting about me that everyone attended except me. But isn't that how everyone feels all the time? I can't be the only one this crazy. Can I?And D, I have a crush on everyone who works here. Don't tell; I'm still trying to play it cool two years after I started going here every single day.Look, there are a lot of words here, and my signal-to-noise ratio is rapidly dropping as I vapidly spew my stream of consciousness into this review, so I'm going to be serious for a moment. This coffee is really good. Crazy-good. And while, on the surface, this place might come off as a hilarious Portlandia-like caricature of the quintessentially hip coffee destination, this impression would be a tragic one to take with you. The people who work here are really sweet... and yes, quite hip... but they're not judging you. And they really seem to have a good time. You're not going to get all the smiles in the world when the line builds up and they have to rush to get everyone their brew in the AM, but this is a place you can come for a quick cup or to spend the whole day. To the reviewers that claimed poor service: that's unfortunate, but the people working here are humans, too. Sorry, shit happens. And are you sure you didn't walk in with your standard subway-riding New York scowl and merely receive your own emotional state projected back onto you?I know, it's just coffee. There are more important things in the world. But this is a place where you can recognize everyone's faces. That's not all that common in the big city. We don't have to be so jaded all the time. Give love a chance.Variety has free wifi and power, although you occasionally have to turn your wifi off and back on to regain a connection. Cash only. Tip them, please. There's plenty of seating, but if you're late you might have to wait. People are nice to each other here, so you can ask to share a table with someone. They'll move their stuff to accommodate you. You can work quietly alone, chat up some strangers, have a little business meeting, or banter on the phone. As long as you respect the people around you, you're entitled to just do your thing here.And yes, you can take out your new iPhone5, load up Shazam, and discover the names of all the bands they're playing so you can look cool to your friends. That's what I do. It's true, you're only going to see the glow of Macbooks here. Shut up and quit pretending you're not one of us.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,7/8/2013,60,100,2,8,6>This is a very cool Mexican restaurant in DUMBO. Its easy to walk past the nondescript entrance. The restaurant is across the street from a truck parking lot and auto shops. Old Brooklyn meets New Brooklyn!The decor of the restaurant is homey AND cool at once. The wallpaper in the bar area is so unique and fabulous that I have to comment on it. The bar is stocked with various Mexican liquors and friendly bartenders.There are 2 small dining areas. The dining areas have wooden tables and chairs and the Mexican decor that gives it a very warm feeling. There is also an outdoor patio which I plan to return to when it gets warmer.We chose to eat at the bar rather than wait 20 minutes for a table. I ordered the Bengali IPA, which was an excellent beer. I also had 2 tacos which were small but scrumptious. My friend had a chorizo quesadilla which  he seemed to enjoy. We received 4 types of salsa/sauces with our meals. They had vibrant flavors and ranged from mild to spicy.I will definitely return to this place for a full meal in the dining area.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/7/2013,30,100,6,3,3>I have never in my life been a fan of jerk chicken and when I say never I mean NEVER EVER EVER.....until Exquisite came along.  That day changed my life.  So you walk in and head to the front corner, place your order, pay and wait till they call your number.  They move fast in here so make sure you're paying attention. Once they call you they fix your plate(rice and peas, no cabbage and oxtail gravy is my go to order), they chop up your chicken, nestle it lovingly on top of the rice and put it on the counter for you to slather it up in the sauce of your choosing(jerk sauce and that wonder orangey hot fiya sauce for me).  The counter is taller than me so I tend to not cover as much as I would like but I make due, they then bag it and you either hop on a train or bus to get to your destination cause eating in there isn't really an option.  You reach your destination, light some candles, play some sexy music and take your time enjoying every morsel of that food.   I usually don't frequent places that don't take debit but I make a huge exception here cause the chicken is just that good. Nowadays I order the chicken only and they throw in some good caribbean style bread and that is more than enough for me
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,7/6/2013,113,144,5,7,7>Delicious! Seriously... so smokey and juicy and delicious. We usually go grab their classic regular pastrami sandwiches... you cant go wrong. I love that they have different size sandwiches. Medium is perfect... not too much or too little meat. The small is okay too if you aren't so hungry. Yum, go try it!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,7/5/2013,39,647,3,5,5>I had such a great time at this museum! I took my mom here last week and we spent several hours exploring the museum but I will have to go back because there's so much more left to see. The guy at the ticket counter was so friendly and funny - he really just made my day. And one of the security guards (who is also an MTA technician) was full of knowledge and happily approached me and other visitors to share info about the museum and MTA history.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/4/2013,27,27,4,15,6>Okay folks, this is my first 5-star review for a New York restaurant. I know, I'm as surprised as you are, but Aska in North Williamsburg truly swept me off my feet. They deserve it.With no further ado:One does not go to Aska for the ambience (although it is fine, or even better than fine). One does not go there for the cocktails. One doesn't even go for the service (again, perfectly satisfactory). One certainly does not go to Aska for a quick bite.One goes to Aska for flawlessly prepared food that is simultaneously experimental (think wd50) and elevated (think Gwynnett St), yet still could & should be considered true comfort food. I mean that quite literally... The food was truly comforting, just as cookies fresh from the oven or your grandmother's lasagna might be.Allow me to provide a few examples. Our second course in the weeknight tasting menu was roasted beets. Sounds simple enough, but the process by which the master kitchen staff had prepared the fine specimens had them looking like charred hunks of red meat when they arrived at our table. I'm not suggesting the course was a meat substitute (I don't think anything is), but the beets with egg yolk and piercing pickled onion were so warming, so lovely, we had to keep our jaws from hitting the floor, if only to chew properly.Next came the sunchokes with ever so finely sliced pork trotter and apple. This dish took two relatively exotic ingredients (certainly on the pig's feet, and at least for the home cook on the sunchoke, even if it is working toward ubiquity in Brooklyn these days) and used a method and a third overly familiar ingredient that made the dish ultimately quite approachable and delicious.All of our food was delicious. Oyster, scallops, monkfish, and a wonderful pork-two-ways entree to finish. The kitchen staff hand-delivering your courses? A nice touch. The marvelous hostess who will kindly check your coat and take care of you and even remember you the next time you come in? Very much appreciated. The sommelier who is as knowledgeable about craft beers from the Pacific Northwest as he is about vintage Burgundy wines? Extremely helpful. But none of those things will bring me back to Aska time and time again - the five-star cuisine that is designed with both balance and creativity like I've never seen before and then executed perfectly, now that surely will.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,7/3/2013,119,158,4,7,5>Every single piece of fruit that I've ever bought here has been AMAZING. They don't carry unripened/half rotten fruit. They don't put the sticker over a worm hole or bruise. The staff often let me sample before I buy and offer me fresh cut specials when I walk in. Sometimes, when I want to try something new I don't really know how to "pick a good one", but the staff at the orchard only puts out good ones so you can't go wrong. They'll even give you tips for how to select the best of the best. I've never tried their fruit platters, but I'm so impressed with their whole fruits in the store, that I will certainly keep them in mind for the future.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/2/2013,99,194,4,9,5>Seriously the best pancakes I've ever had the pleasure of eating. I count myself as a pancake connoisseur...if there ever was one. Pancakes were thick, buttery, and fluffy/airy all at the same time. The edges were crispy to a point where you can hear yourself chomping down on it...only to be delighted by how fluffy the pancake also is. The french toast is also amazingg..in the words of my boyfriend, they were "delicious breakfast bread shaped doughnuts." Who cares about Clinton Street Baking Co. when you've got Cafe Luluc. If you're from Brooklyn, come here instead.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,3/21/2013,51,150,5,4,5>Forced everyone to stop in their tracks when Burger Bistro caught my eye. This must happen.Always on the brioche bun, always ordered medium. Always applewood bacon on whatever I order. So delicious.Nod of approval to Mesclun salad as well. Comes with portabello mushrooms, goat cheese, and pears. Really well done, but promptly abandoned when the burger slid prone and moist before me. Oh, hello again.**FINAL WORDS:To quote my dinnermate (whose nicnkame is, aptly, "Beefy"): "This was... wow. Yo, wow. I think this is the best burger I've ever had. And I've had burgers. Wow. Just... wow."
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,3/20/2013,96,97,38,17,18>Let's say... hypothetically speaking of course, that my favorite hot pink battery operated massager inadvertently and inexplicably managed to fall into my laundry bag.  Do you think...hypothetically speaking of course, that my neighborhood launder would place my hypothetical toy in a clear plastic bag and subtly tuck it back between my clean sheets and unmentionables?  Hypothetically speaking, of course, I'm going to say they wouldn't.  I'm going to say, hypothetically speaking that my hypothetical favorite pink massager would be lost, never to be seen again.In these, completely hypothetical, circumstances I might be delighted to have a super cute, super laid back, adult toy store close by.  I might be delighted to find an identical (and also hypothetical) hot pink replacement within two minutes of walking into the store.  I might, hypothetically speaking, be delighted to have the sales clerk place two fresh hypothetical batteries into said massager to ensure that it worked.  I might be  completely elated to go in, hypothetically speaking, find what I was looking for, pick up a hypothetical schedule of events (that included hypothetical bj classes), and be on my way in under 10 minutes.Hypothetically speaking, under those circumstance, I might give Babeland 4 stars.I'd probably say, hypothetically speaking, that the best part about Babeland might just be that it doesn't make you feel like a deviant for stepping through its doors, but instead creates an Alice in Wonderland type vibe that makes you want to come again...hypothetically speaking, of course.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,3/19/2013,27,88,9,10,6>Without a doubt, Maracuja is my favorite bar in all of New York City, and therefore the World. All of my Very Important Criteria are fulfilled:* The drinks are adequate and sensibly priced. I'll pay $11 for a good Manhattan but I'd just as soon pay $3 for a PBR out of the beer spout thing* The music is excellent, it's what I play at my own parties. Heavy on the Motown.* Cocktail waitrons. The bar gets crowded, don't make me arm wrestle for my drinks!* Best backyard in Brooklyn. It's not like the backyard at Spuytin Duyvil where you feel like you're sitting in a parking lot, or at No Name where you're sitting on the floor in an air shaft. It's perfect. And the cocktail waitress means you don't have to leave it.* Cheesesteaks. Check.* Soft, dim lighting. I have to see these ugly people enough on the subway.* A smart floorplan. Plenty of seating when you need it, and enough space between for a makeshift dance floor.* Well-behaved clientele. Not a lot of yelling or horseplay.* Very friendly bar staff.Yes, you should come here.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,3/18/2013,177,289,6,7,5>Step 1: Get yourself to Williamsburg, fools. This coming from ME.*Step 2: Go to Hotel Delmano, praying the whole time that this stylized, adorable, fascinating little cocktail place will have a table for you and your date/friend/group. Step 3: Admire the waiters with twirled mustaches right out of a Western/French novel/WilliamsburgStep 4: Peruse the veritable book that is HD's menu...it has ~20 signature and classic cocktails, plus pages of wines and spirits. While you do so, bask in the admiration and appreciation of your friend(s)/date while they ooh and ahh over how inventive the drinks are. Step 5: Agonize over which drink you yourself will order, finally settling on one with an amazing name, like Free Diver, or something with "Bastard" in the title.Step 6: Order & savor said drink; once again soak up your friends' adoration. You did well, son. Step 7: Pay bill, lamenting the fact that you can't afford 3 such drinks at HD.Step 8: Leave, promising to return as soon as your bank account will allow it.-*Okay, if you must know, I tend to hate on the 'burg, occasionally, because, well, some hipsters have just a little too much 'tude. BUT THE FOOD IS SO GOOD THERE.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,3/17/2013,68,125,3,9,4>This bar seems to illicit a pretty love/hate reaction out of people. Probably mostly because it transitions from dimly lit, oversized dive bar to packed dance club with the course of an hour most nights. I actually appreciate both sides of it. Come here for a whisky shot and a beer after work, chat with the friendly bartenders, and have a smoke outside in the back area. And when you have friends who come to Brooklyn and say "I just want to dance", you can take them here post 11pm and satisfy their urge to shoop or cabbage patch while not having to go to some Manhattan douche factory and pay a cover. Whichever side of the Woods you like, it does both extremely well.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/16/2013,650,165,13,18,12>Love, love, love the ambiance in this place. Small. Intimate. Not loud, but not so quiet that everyone can hear your conversation. LOVED the music selection - Sam Cooke, Stevie Wonder, Al Green, etc.I wasn't really hungry so I just went with the appetizer, Sorrel BBQ Lamb Ribs (that sounds horrible now that I've written it out. Lamb ribs?! :0/) & the BBQ sauce was delicious. My companion went with the salmon which he was said was seasoned perfectly. I played it safe with the liquor and stuck with the Bartenura Moscato which I was delighted that they had since many restaurants don't serve Moscato. Specifically not Bartenura. My only gripe was the service. During the course of our meal, we were interrupted about 15 times by 3 different people asking if the food was to our liking or if we needed something else or if everything was ok or simply thanking us for coming in. I never thought I'd say this, but the wait staff was TOO attentive. At one point, i was asked if the food was OK and i hadn't even tasted it yet.  I get you wanting to please the customer, but take it back a notch. It became annoying.  All in all, the food and ambiance would make me return.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,3/14/2013,281,281,6,10,8>I love Crown Inn for many reasons, this sandwich shop is one of them.For those of you who care about these things - all ingredients are local sourced and are seasonalFor those of you who don't-- they taste fucking fantastic. While I'm a omnivore and love the meat based sandwiches , Black Tree takes care of vegetarians. The Winter Mushroom sandwich ($10) is wonderful. Wine marinated mushroom served with Swiss and Goat cheese is delicious and satisfying. The grilled cheese ($7) made with cheddar and sheep milk cheese is fantastic comfort food. They also do squash ($10) and cauliflower ($10) sandwiches, and cheese plates. So if you don't eat meat you're taken care of. If you do eat meat, well pig, prepare for some impressive sandwiches.  I love adding the house smoked ham to the above mentioned grilled cheese ($9). It's makes a wonderful sandwich feel more decadent. My current favorite sandwich is the smoked ham ($11). Served with maple butter and sweet potatoes it taste like the holidays ( which I know makes no sense but that's what I think of when eating it) .  The Winter Pig ($11) with pork belly and the Cubano ($11) are also good sandwiches. If I had a criticism it would be they should offer more than pork for meat offerings. While I love pork I have friends who either can't or won't eat pork but like meat. Adding a little beef or poultry to the mix would be cool. I've always had great service, the guys working here are cool and seem to really enjoy what they're doing.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,3/13/2013,20,206,3,5,6>Pretty sure I am dead, because this place is as close to heaven as one can get!Sample the entire menu for $80? Yes please. And thank you very much. No lie, I give 3 stars automatically to any place that has Ayinger on draft. Come here. Eat. Tell every freakin' person you know. Or not. Make them jealous...
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,3/12/2013,147,201,3,7,5>I'm loving Bed-Stuy lately due to the influx of these small, local spots. This is not my first time at Breukelen Cellars and it won't be my last. Definitely a change from the local liquor stores that only sell Yellow Tail as a wine option; good for those that know nothing about wine (I guess) but bad for those that know (slightly) better.I'm no expert but I know decent wine when I taste it. Each time I've gone, the sales person has been super helpful. Can't say I've always agreed with their suggestions, but they've made enough good recommendations to keep me coming back. The bottle of red and white I picked up on this visit were pretty good. I will be sure to write down the names so I can re-stock. I heart this place. Will definitely go back when my bottles run dry.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/11/2013,107,218,12,12,8>You know that feeling you get when you see something so cute you just want to squeeze it to death or punch it? (no?) Anyway, that's how I felt after every single bite of food at Xixa. I seriously wanted to punch myself in the mouth because it was so good I didn't know what to do with myself.I went with 3 other friends, and instead of doing the tasting menu, we decided to pick 12(?) or so dishes ourselves and share. EVERY SINGLE dish was delicious. There was nothing I didn't like. Alcohol consists of a slightly overwhelming and vast wine list  (server will help you decide),  tequilas & mezcals. Highlights as far as food goes included:Drunken Shrimp (my absolute favorite)Foie gras al pastorBaby OctopusGrilled carrots elote (!!!!!)Guacamole of artichokesSpicy rock shrimp gorditas (this dish had scallions, something I hate. Yet I happily put a crapload in my mouth and didn't give a hoot)Everyone at the table raved about the Fundido (Truffles, cheese, and chorizo). The cheeze/chorizo was absolutely amazing - but I am one of the only people who isn't too fond of truffles. Despite this, I took a huge heaping forkload of the cheese/chorizo and thought I'd cry it was so good. We didn't have time to try a dessert as a reservation was coming in as we were finishing, but we were so stuffed that it was probably a good thing. I'll be back. And I'm taking everyone I know here and if they don't like it, I will question why they are in my life.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,4/11/2012,845,309,11,16,14>This bar could easily be my favorite bar, if it wasn't half way across town for me. They sell flowers by day, and booze you up by night.There is actually a sign that says "$10 for beer+flowers".The flowers are actually very pretty.And if you ask me, I'm sure it helps that they offer flowers, especially for the guys who want to try to seduce some drunk girl with some flowers and beer. The back patio is amazing, spacious and apparently every other Sunday they have Sean come out to play some excellent music. He is simply amazing. The ambiance, people, and whiskey selection is amazing.It'd be nice if they'd regulate the skeevies up front, seriously.Color me impressed!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,4/10/2012,36,191,9,11,9>Olea is the best restaurant in Fort Greene (apologies to General Greene, Ici, BPH etc...), having been 10-15 times I feel comfortable in my admiration for their finely designed Tapas, lusciously pastas and freshly hearty brunch.Highlights:Lamb balls in red sauce and creamy feta - Smooth and spicy sauce accompanying perfectly seasoned '2-bite-sized' meatballs of fresh lamb, covered in an almost yogurty-smooth feta. A single leaf of mint would make this divine. Farro pasta - Perfectly cooked, rarely used grain (Faro) tossed in a pimenton butter and a myriad of fresh veggies, with garlic and fresh, local ricotta. Each bite carries tones of light, airy fresh greens, rich thich butter and cheese and hearty, yet spicy notes of garlic. The small portion works perfectly as an entree after a smattering of Tapas or a salad.Savory Parmesan French Toast - Similar in style to Egg's 'Egg Rothko,' delivers finely poached eggs gushing on top of fresh bread and covered in parm cheese and a unique avgolemono sauce.They also sport a great bar, with a bloody mary mix that rivals any I've had before.I think I'm going to go there right now.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,4/9/2012,15,400,6,9,5>The Platonic ideal of a diner, and classic Brooklyn to boot. Let me be more specific, because I'm seeing some disappointed reviews on Yelp: Tom's is not a stylish, gourmet resto. TOM'S IS A DINER. You are going to be eating meatloaf on a formica table with crumbs from the previous diners, and if you don't put in your order within the first three seconds of the waiter showing up at your table, the waiter's walking away. If you're looking for fresh flowers, sweet-faced waitresses, and bulgur wheat waffles with locally-sourced honey, go to Vanderbilt Avenue or something. Tom's is for reals.I'm always in the mood for something different when I eat at Tom's, so I don't have specific dishes to recommend. However, I always augment my order with fries and a cherry lime rickey. I don't know if you've ever had the latter, but at Tom's, it's a refreshing, not-too-sweet, fizzy way to cut the (yummy) diner grease. It's also great for a hangover. Just sayin'. As for the fries, every time I bring a newcomer here, I warn 'em: the aioli for the fries is very spicy. Scoffs abound, but after dipping about three fries into the fiery orange sauce, the amateur has tears in his or her eyes. I warned you.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,4/8/2012,43,100,24,3,4>Most of my dates end successfully. I don't say this to brag. It's the truth. An excruciatingly stylish, painfully handsome, impossibly classy gent like me has a hard time failing in seduction. It's my art. It's my burden, too, I know. We all have one to bear. Yours is probably something else.One key tactic - aside from nice teeth and well-groomed sideburns - to unlocking an incessantly-winning track record like mine is selecting the right joint to work the craft on a date. I frequently tell my disciples to pick a relaxed atmosphere, an upscale experience, something not flashy. Divulge your refined sense of taste but don't flaunt it, I say. Time and time again, I lure a dame to the Richardson, a relaxed, upscale, but not flashy bar with good house drinks and a small but well-developed menu. Because it's the only game I have, I ask, "have you ever heard about Yelp"? And they say "Yeah." And I say "I occasionally write reviews on Yelp." "Are you a writer?" she typically asks. "Like a Chaucer of chow, Balzac of bites, the Rabelais of regional restaurant reviews," I respond, regardless of what she actually asked. Chicks dig guys who can read books or reference lyrics from the Broadway hit The Music Man, which I just did. Doe-eyed and already breathless from impending mental exhaustion, the date inevitably asks for recommendations. "One word for you, sister," I say. "Gravlax Platter."Soon we're ordering deviled eggs and pickles. I try to eat only 3 of the 4 eggs on the plate. We alternate turns stabbing briny cucumbers with our toothpicks. Things really heat up and it's on to cheeses. Maybe cured meats too, if she's not said something about not eating animals because of "ethical principles", a common Williamsburg type. Who has time for principles? Neither one of us has breath to be shared in polite company after these small plates. All standards are out the door. Game on.I think I'm pacing myself over a few Big Red One cocktails but really, you can't. They're too potent. I'm using the smoothest conversational skills. I escalate, going for the kill. "I have a bicycle," I say.  "Oh," she says. "That's... nice.""I work in the arts industry and often with non-profits, trying to do good for the disadvantaged rather than profit purely by gaming the financial system."  She checks her phone to look for that bail-out call or text from her friends. I continue on, ask about her family, where she's from, what her most traumatic childhood memory is, what she would do if the zombie apocalypse happened tomorrow, and how many times she's seen Scarface. Having completely worn her down, I make my move. She rejects it. I accept the new challenge. "Can I call you?""No," she says. "What if I email you?" "No, not that either.""How about Facebook? Can I...""No.""Right. You find me," I say, "Let me give you my name." And I spell out my 11 character, unfortunately too-Polish last name. She's stopped paying attention at the "szew" part. I don't know why it's not a considered a sexy ethnic group to the average American, like the Bulgarians are, in spite of radiant counterexamples such as myself.   In the case that she's not sneaked out the bathroom window or alternate exit by now, she gets up at this point. Holding back tears as she reflects on that childhood memory I dredged up before, as she walks for the door and leaves me to pay the check, violently, aimlessly, swatting at the air in a way I read as an aroused goodbye wave, I think about how I'm going to cyberstalk her tomorrow. Broseph, let me tell you, I am so good at this.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/7/2012,134,153,14,6,4>Do you know how hard it is to get a chuckle out of a domestic violence joke ... on Christmas Eve morning? Picture it. I stumble into this place early, hungover and barely conscience, having been awake for only 12.8 minutes. I'm greeted with a hearty hello by the chap behind the counter - a genuine one. Smiles are shared. My partner - already a fan of this place - had stayed at home and had given me his De Luxe card (the kind that gets stamped for every coffee, etc). I order two large coffees and nearly forget to give the card for stamping. When I do remember, I say to the completely happy tattoo'ed gent before me, "Phew. My partner would've punched me in the face if I forgot to give this to you." Why did I say that? He's never punched me before. What had come over me? Did the stress of the holiday season finally get the best of me and my "what's appropriate in public" logic? I blame (if that's the word) the completely charming, cozy and happy atmosphere that De Luxe has created for itself. I felt "welcome" enough to say anything. I have to tell you, that sensation doesn't happen too often on 7th Ave. Anyway, I immediately began backtracking on what I said, and both peeps (tattoo'ed gent and the lovely lass behind him) began to laugh. We chatted a little bit longer - they remembered my partner! - and I quickly thought to myself, "self, you love this place right now." I've been back again and the service was no fluke. Still stellar.Long story short:  The coffee is fantastic and the service is even better. I truly hope it lasts forever, if for no other reason, to show our little 'hood the joys and benefits of being happy while you work and giving exemplary customer service. Check it out and ask for a De Luxe "coffee card" - trust me, you'll be back.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,4/6/2012,11,280,5,6,5>The best Viet sandwich store in NYC, hands down!Their regular banh mi is excellent, but you HAVE to try the shredded chicken one! The chicken is dry, almost like a jerky. But pair it with a dash of their special sauce (vinegar?) and take into account the crisp veggies, it's a perfect combo.You also must have the avocado milk shake. There is one particular lady who makes it better than the rest. It's kind of hard to describe her but she's one of the older ones there. Her avocado shake is always extra thick with chunks of avocado :] the other ladies make a decent shake but DO NOT let the dude make it for you because he makes them too thin!I come here once a week and the ladies have begun to recognize me. I think they've been giving each other a secret signal to give me more meat in my sandwiches ;]
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,4/5/2012,618,1991,4,8,7>Jane and David Walentas (credited for really turning the DUMBO area of Brooklyn around to an upscale residential community) bought a beat up old carousel for $385,000 in 1984 from an auction held at an Ohio amusement park that had closed down. The carousel was built in 1922, the real heyday of the wooden carousel (1880s-1930s), by the Philadelphia Toboggan Company. 27 years and 15 million dollars later the masterfully restored carousel was complete. What's even more remarkable is that this is one of an estimated 150 original wooden carousel's in existence in North America today (of the 5,000+ carousels that once filled the country). Once all the logistics were worked out, planning went into creating a beautiful home between the Brooklyn and Manhattan bridges in DUMBO's Brooklyn Bridge Park. The carousel's opening ceremony led by the mayor was on September 15th and by Friday September 16th the Jane's carousel was finally open to the public. Now surrounded by millions of dollars of beautiful new landscaping, a nine million dollar 26 foot tall all glass enclosure, the park has been elevated to a whole new level of fun and beauty. The ride is open 11am-7pm everyday but Tuesday during most of the year and 11am-6pm Thursday through Sunday November 6th to April 5th. It's $2 to "pony up" to this 48 horse 3 row ride which boasts one of the most beautiful views on one of the most historic rides in the country. Don't worry if you don't have kids, the friendly people in old-timey white smocks working the ride and taking admission are used to people of all ages waiting to take a spin.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,4/4/2012,1723,1086,3,6,7>I ended up here by accident, but the hole-in-the-wall exterior spoke to me and the "dumpling" in the name was enough to suck me in. This place is heavenly! What is it doing here? Why is it here? Why isn't it a block from my house or work?They have fried and boiled dumplings, either chives/pork or cabbage/pork. I had the fried chive and pork (4/$1) and got four ridiculously big, succulent dumplings in their thick and chewy shells lightly fried. I never thought I'd enjoy fried dumplings this much!Of course, I'd have gone for an order of 10 but of course I had to try the shacha beef noodle soup. All I can say is, I'm writing this review very reluctantly despite my egalitarian approach to Yelp. This is the best beef noodle I recall having outside Taiwan. I just know something will happen to ruin this place, like long lines or write-ups, and I'm contributing to it.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,4/3/2012,286,1163,10,10,10>Well I am not the first person to give it five stars, and I won't be the last I am sure. Ok so I have dined in tons of the best and bougiest restaurants in NYC (Masa, Le Bernadin, Daniel, brag brag brag lol) but places like Kaz An Nou I don't come across too often. Almost didn't want to share my experience here because I love what it is and I don't want it to get overcrowded to the point where I can't get a table. But, they deserve the great review and its the right thing to do. 0:-) Halo holds up my horns. We got there right at 5:30pm on a tuesday and they were still opening. Right when you walk in you know you are going in somewhere special. The whole vibe of the place makes you feel like you are visiting a close friend's home. The waiter/chef/owner of the place is so genuinely friendly and really seems concerned that you enjoy your experience there. We ordered the accras, the pate en croute, the lasagna and the duck. Entire paragraph to be dedicated to the accras....These were AMAZING. The saltfish, the perfect execution, the slight sweetness from the sweet potato (still don't know if it was in the filling or the breading, but it was there)...it was the perfect start to a perfect meal. The spicy aioli on the side for dipping, yum. Let me tell you, I am a condiment queen... I love all things dipping...but these didn't even need the aioli. They were. That. Good. The pate en croute was also wonderful. Pheasant was perfectly seasoned and went so well with the pastry and the brie and the herbs and the truffle oil oh my. The lamb lasagna had the perfect amount of spice filling your mouth. How do they build all those flavors and more flavors on top of each other so your mouth does not get bored? Its magic.Break for a paragraph dedicated to the violated duck. (Inside joke) The duck confit was perfection. I started with a bite of the rice. That coconut rice. Again the building of flavors. First bite you think mmm sweet rice yummy. Then wham it hits you and hey look at me I'm coconut rice! I'm the perfect surprise of coconut flavor all up in yo mouf. So simple but so perfect. I would have that rice with everything. The duck in the mango jerk sauce was also heavenly. Perfectly spiced and so very tender. They got this dish right on all levels. Mouth salivating as we speak.Finally we were surprised with some creme brulee and a bag of candies that were so lovely and a perfect end to the meal. This is my happy place. Can't beat it. Great food. Great ambiance. Great service. I've been to probably over 500 restaurants in NYC and this is my current favorite. It's THAT good. I will be back again and again and again and (insert many more agains here.)
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,4/1/2012,65,77,,5,5>Found this place after reading glowing Yelp reviews and the visit there today was well worth it.  We went in there to have 3 flat bicycle tires fixed.  Peter who worked on the flats is the nicest and the most efficient.  He even adjusted the seats and fixed the hand brakes free of charge.  He's more than helpful and we would go there with any bike issues.  I'm thinking of going back to purchase a bike.How to get there:  Head down Gerritsen and you can only make a right turn at Devon.  Go five or six short blocks.  Right turn on Fane Ct.  It's the first driveway on the left.  You can't see a sign or anything so look for bicycles.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,1/17/2013,79,111,5,5,4>Not for nothing, but I am really surprised that this place has anything less than 5 stars.  Yeah, it has 4.5, but really?Let's break down the facts really quickly.If you are coming here, it means you have a taste for donuts, you aren't just 'trying it out to see what they're like'.  You should have good experience in Entenmann's, Dunkin, Tim Horton's, or really whatever brand you fancy.So, moving that point aside, what could you really say is bad about this place in the eyes of a donut eater?  They're 2.25, ok, maybe for your lint and coin pocket this cannot work, but these things are so worth the extra dollar or so more that you are paying for these.I don't have much else to say, because I'm sure it's been well covered in the other reviews.  Quite simply, if you enjoy a donut from time to time, or in my case as much as possible, there is no real reason why you wouldn't try this place, aside from being in Beijing of course.There's a flavor for everyone, whether you're a fruity, chocolatey, jelly, or whatever type of donut-head.  I have not tried every last one, only because when there's a specific flavor you like, and only a couple left, it's like finding the holy grail so you better hold onto it!Blood Orange is my personal favorite, and as far as Chocolate goes, the one with the Cocoa Nibs is sooo on point!The airy dough is a great complement for the vast flavors that they offer, which they also switch up pretty regularly as well.Reading the 'amenities' section of this Yelp review made me confused, because I dunno how the hell this is a Wheelchair accessible location - the only entrance has about a 1-foot step!  Either way, I'm sure they would love to accomodate the handicapped for some donut lovin!It's been about 3 weeks or so since I've last been, and quite frankly that is unacceptable.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,1/16/2013,68,213,6,12,5>They only take credit cards for dine-in, not delivery.Very good no-frills tasty Dominican Food.  The place looks a little run down from the outside (and the inside) but, like the Millennium Falcon, she's got it where it counts, but instead of making the Kessel run in 12 parsecs, she makes damned good food.We had truly spectacular Chicharrón Mofongo.  For 6 dollars, there was enough mofongo for two of us, plus endless salsa.  The mofongo was an A.  The beefy salsa was off the hook.   If some of the chicharrón was crunchy, it would've been an A+, but I would not hesitate to order this a second or third time.My mom had the pepper steak.  The meat was a *tad* (and *just* a tad) tough, but the flavor was phenomenal, and I would give her meal a A-.   Wonderful.====In an ironic twist of fate that would elicit an eyebrow raise from even Douglas Adams,  this review won "review of the day" while we were on vacation in the Dominican Republic.  We stayed in DR for 3+ weeks, and I have to say, the food at this restaurant compares favorably to many of the "tipico" DR restaurants we ate at.  The fact that mofongo in NYC is as good, or better, than mofongo in the Dominican Republic, just proves how awesome New York City can be.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,1/15/2013,363,618,3,13,6>It took guts for the owner of this establishment to put it where they did. You first need to understand that Panino Rustico is not in the ideal location, there are no other restaurants around it and it's surrounded by a mostly residential area that also has distributors, a 99 cent store and a tax preparer. To put a fantastic little cafe/Italian restaurant in this area was genius, and hopefully this will be the start of better surrounding establishments!Panino Rustico is done right, it's small but has a charm like no other place in the area besides Mona Lisa cafe about 6 blocks away. My wife had gone here a few times with friends and raved about it so i gave it a shot. Before i get to the food, keep in mind the place is small so seating during prime hours could take a while, and they do have outdoor seating too. It's safe to say i love everything about Panino Rustico! The menu is simple and at the same time extensive. There's a small list of antipastos, soups and salads...I started with a "small" option Caesar salad that was huge so my wife and i shared. The lettuce was fresh and crispy and the Caesar dressing was creamy but not too rich. There were also a ton of croutons and cheese shavings to top it off. The 'bread and butter' of the restaurant is basically a laundry list of panini or wrap options! Fortunately there's a "make your own" option so i went with that. I constructed a wrap with avocado, fresh mozzarella, sun dried tomato, basil, lettuce, oil and regular tomato. It was served with a side of greens and was fabulous! The wrap was put together well and toasted properly so i have zero complaints. Dessert is the other main attraction at this charming establishment! A vast selection of crepes, shakes, smoothies, coffee and gelato makes Panino Rustico a great destination for a date or an after dinner snack. Once again the "make your own" option comes into play for the crepes so i went all out! I went with the banana and nutella crepe with caramel drizzle and whipped cream, it was so good that i attempted to order a second until my wife stepped in and said otherwise.Once again, i have to commend the person who put this place here because it's perfect in every way and adds a great food destination for people in the neighborhood. It can't be understated how important it is to have a cool new place to go to where you can fill up on fantastic food and not break the bank! Our salad, sodas, wraps and crepes came out to $35, can't beat that! Highly recommended! One of the best in the area for sure.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/14/2013,521,449,7,12,6>If you like Choose Your Own Adventure books, NIKEiD running shoes, voodoo dolls, and/or jukeboxes stocked with index card playlists, then you will probably love The Burger Bistro. Not because it has any of those things (because it doesn't), but because customizability is this joint's jam.It's also a bit genius because that means, when left to select your creation's components, if you don't love your final product, well, then, it's also kind of your fault. You see, there are so many options to physically check off on your laminated menu that this could very well overwhelm you into thinking your pick must also be your dream burger. Talk about pressure!Thankfully, my beef patty, topped with sharp cheddar, frizzled onions, and lettuce on a brioche bun, accompanied by some jalapeño mayo on the side (which I ultimately swirled with ketchup) pretty much hit the spot. The crunch of both the green leaf and those deep-fried onion strings (these are a must in my book) worked nicely to offset the heavy patty and hot condiment-cheese creaminess. I'll take credit for the wonderfully-balanced blend of ingredients here (thank you, thank you), but major points go to The Burger Bistro for having this monster stay intact the whole way through. Most burgers of this stature self-destruct minutes into the meal. Here, the brioche bun had full control of the situation from first bite to last.Be sure to check the daily specials before you head here. It would appear they stick to a pretty strict rotation that features the likes of Free Topping Tuesdays, half off wine or sangria on Wednesdays and Sundays, respectively, and BOGO beer on Thursdays. That last one could come in handy, because truth to be told, the brews (all bottles) are kind of expensive given their routine Brooklyn Brewery and Blue Point selections can be found just about anywhere in the area with a liquor license for a few bucks cheaper.The space is kind of sparse in the decor department, but no less cozy. Instead, the room is filled with solid indie, experimental, and punk rock songs that have most definitely appeared on some iPod/iPhone incarnation of mine over the past ten years. I heard everything from Jimmy Eat World and The Shins to Radiohead and Japandroids, all in one sitting, and all while I took down a delicious burger, customized by yours truly, and courtesy of The Burger Bistro's kitchen - clearly, a dream collaboration.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,1/13/2013,144,314,6,12,7>Chicken and waffles.....I adore chicken and waffles.Sweet potato Cheesecake.......definitely a fan of sweet potatoes, but not a fan of cheesecake.  Put them together and you have the best cheesecake since the Factory (so I've heard) at Napoleon's, and a new fan of cheesecake (don't tell anybody).Uncle Nay and his wife are fixin' to serve up some southern goodness in the Stuy.  My coworker drove by that morning and we immediately went for lunch.  The lunch specials are off the hook , ranging from honey bbq wings, fried whiting, 1/4 roast or fried chicken, 2 waffles and 2 wings and include a delicious side/fries with lemonade/half & half/bottled water for $5.50.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served here and I can't wait for you to see the dinner menu.  I peeked and saw honey bbq turkey wings and honey bbq shrimp.......be still my heart.  Last but not least, I must talk about the homemade desserts that Unc is serving up in here.  Red Velvet cheesecake, banana pudding, coconut pineapple cake and......drum roll please.........ice cream and cake in a cup topped with waflles crunches!  With a 3 table restaurant, Uncle Nay is giving you a taste of the South, simple, succulent and certainly worth it.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,1/12/2013,845,309,8,12,10>What in the hell? GOOD mexican in NY? Impossible, I thought..KY, and I are both from SF-MEXICAN FOOD HAVEN.  I was a little doubtful when we decided on mexican.. Can't be that great-I thought.Ordered a cecina burrito, not only was it the best burrito i've had in NY for a while-the portion was HUGE. I somehow still inhaled it though, it's really exciting to have such a great mexican spot in NY. I'm just a little sad that I don't live closer. Delivery was fast, and price was decent. I LOVE.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,1/11/2013,90,616,,5,2>Arriving early for dinner at 4:50 pm, I found that most of the place was filled with small groups of friends having early meals. Fortunately, my husband & I had some room to sit at the bar to wait for our friends who were on their way coming from Manhattan.  Luckily, I live in Brooklyn, so I did not have to commute very far at all.  Dar 525 is conveniently located close to L train Lorimer Street and L train at Grand Street.  We started off by having a small plate of olives and pita as well as a lentil soup.  One thing worth mentioning is that the restaurant is inviting.  The decor is tasteful. It has a chill lounge vibe with a charming, yet classy feeling to it.  With regal purple plush chairs strategically placed near the bathroom & near the entrance for those waiting to get a table, I find that the space is definitely well planned & thought out in advance.  There are violet velvet curtains that drape around the bathroom areas to isolate them from the pathway from the entrance to the inside.  Calming, cool, exposed brick walls covered all the sides of this establishment.  With distinct shapes & gold framed mirrors hanging sexily on the back wall, & elegantly designed chandelier-like candles hang over your head, Dar 525 has a way of drawing you in.  There is a cobblestone fireplace with no fire or wood by the way & with good reason, since it is summer time & it is quite hot outside.  There are two water closets labeled bathroom in Italicized font which both are unisex.  They were  clean & well prepared with paper towels, hand soap and multiple toilet paper rolls.  From what I see, the dress is casual.  I noticed other tables had families with younger children even babies.  My feeling is that you could bring a date here or even a group of friends even up to 4 or 5 people here.  The prices on the menu are reasonable anywhere from $5 to $17. One can have a choice between vegan, vegetarian, & carnivore/omnivore.  The menu has multiple options, such as rich salads, delicious soups, hummus, babaganoush, olives, moussaka for those who prefer no meat near their plate.  Their pita is light, fluffy, yet satisfying.  Did I mention that it comes in the form of a round puffed pillow?  It makes you want to keep it on your table unimpaled, since it is like a work of art.  ::heart melts::For us carnivores, there are options for fish, seafood, chicken, pizza, kafta, lamb sausage(merguez), and also dessert.  I came with a party of four & was thankfully seated without a wait.  Happily, we sat down and the kind waiter asked us if we wanted beverages.  Our responses were three coffees, an espresso, and water for the table.  There are also other things on the menu for drinks like Arabic tea, mint tea, cranberry juice, Iced tea, lemonade, and others that I cannot recall at the moment.  When I went to Dar 525, I went with three people: my husband and another lovely couple. Between the four of us armed with hugely ravenous appetites, we had ordered:1. mouthwatering chicken wings with two different sauces, one with cilantro and the other harissa based(sizzlingly spicy--well for me, at least)2. calamari pizza with fresh squid and yummy melted cheese and extraordinarily crisp crust 3. a huge garden salad which had fresh cut cucumbers, tomatoes, lettuce, olives, crunchy pita chips on top4. mohamara(walnut and red pepper in a delicious rich paste), 5.babaganoush(stewed eggplant)6. an order of sweet potato fries with ketchup and chipotle mayonnaise on the side which was sinfully & undeniably scrumptious.7. mussels which had the most lickably delicious flavored tomato sauce. It came with a side of garlic pizza, which was overpowering with garlic & yes, that is how I like it!8. babousa & baklava, where were gratifyingly sweet & just hit the spot in exquisite ecstasy9. olive plate and lentil soup--great intense briny appetizer. Think a palatable refreshing taste of olives. The spice ladened lentil soup was accompanied by a huge portion of fluffy pita bread. My all-time favorites are the sweet potato fries and the calamari pizza. I appreciate the crispy flavor of the fries and sweet aromatic smell of the sweet potato flavor.  There was a flavorful purple pepper laced on the calamari pizza which was just heavenly, & my brain still longs for more.*The four of us had a meal that came up to $90 without tip for 9 to 11 entrees which means to me that this was a great deal for those who visit Willyburg and need some delicious Mediterranean food. **When I came, they were in the process of getting a liquor license, so you may want to bring your own wine bottles(not sure if there is a corking fee).***At one point, the owner of the restaurant came over to ask us how we felt about the meal & asked us if we would come back.  Our retorts, "Why yes, of course!"  It was a lovely time, Dar 525!   Now, that I know that you have a weekend brunch & weekday lunch option, I must come back & try it some time.  =)
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,1/10/2013,1636,234,3,4,4>My favorite Sushi spot in Brooklyn. Kiku has always been located in my neighborhood but recently moved to its new location, just a few businesses down from its original location. The New Location is amazing, very trendy and upscale looking, without the upscale price.I never did get a chance to visit the new location until a few days ago, we were in the mood for Sushi and gave the New KIKU a Try.As soon as you walk in you are greeted by the friendliest staff ever, you can really feel that they are genuine about welcoming you. We sat at the tables located on the Side walk, my napkin was quickly folded and placed on my lap by our lovely waitress.She explained the menu to us and gave us time to choose from their extensive menu.We ordered the Mango avocado salad which was light yet rich, and very tasty.I ordered the Special Sushi combo which with a little bit of everything... everything indeed because everything was Devine.Best Sushi experience ever,I will definitely be back again and again.Good Lunch special too!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,1/9/2013,18,66,6,8,5>There is a new sheriff in town!  Or at least a new samurai!    This magnificent asian fusion restaurant , formally the KAR, fills the void this neighborhood desperately needed.  A moderately priced asian joint that serves up uncommon dishes and exceeds your expectations.     I've dined here with my family three times now and each time the food did not disappoint.    From the appetizers like fried dumplings to shrimp wrapped in potato strings, the food came out meticulously arranged and was a feast for the eyes before satisfying the taste buds.    For the main course, we had, the five ocean, which is a spicy seafood dish sautéed with vegetables and light sauce.   My mom, who never likes any restaurant food, actually finished her entire meal and even gave a complement.   We also had shimp in black bean sauce which my wife enjoyed.  It had a nice tangy flavor with a dash of a hot spice that really kicks in once you take a few bites.   I had the filet mignon over chow fun.   Which at first I was a bit cynical about.   Putting a classical western steak over chinese wide noodles?   WTF!!   But surprisingly, it was good.  The meat was cooked skillfully  and both dishes complemented each other well.  I guess, east meets west.    But the  best dishes of the night were the sushi.   It came out in intricate arrangements that was almost a shame to eat  and ruin the artistry of it.    Each individual rolls and the sushi were probably the best that I've tasted.   The cut of the salmon and tuna were such that, it literally melted in your mouth.   So silky and tender yet full of rich flavor.    The spicy tuna had it's own flair.   The flavor stood firm in your palate even after you've eaten it moments ago.       The decor is modern and tastefully done.   It had a hint of a asian motif to it but not overly so.  The place is clean, well designed and will not embarrass the company you bring over.       The staff gets an "A" for effort but are not classically trained.   They are attentive but need a bit more seasoning.      The only gripe I have is that the each time we have went and ordered, the food came out at long intervals.   This does not really bother me so much but it drove my wife nuts.   While one person is enjoying their dish, all the others seated at the table are twiddling their thumbs.   This is probably due to the fact that they haven't been opened very long and will improve as the kitchen gets their timing better but nevertheless, it was annoying.       Also they have a great deal for yelpers.  $25 for $10. It's like buying champagne with beer money.    Now you don't have an excuse not to go!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,1/8/2013,21,88,,7,7>This place is fantastic. So many vegan grub items on the menu I had a hard time deciding what to eat. I ended up choosing the Chick'n cutlet bacon ranch sandwich. The chick'n was tasty but tasted similar to other mock chicken I've had other places such as Red Bamboo and Dao Palate. The soy bacon was actually really good. I also ordered cheese fries and those were absolutely out of this world. I didn't think I could have really gooey soy cheese that would taste exactly like real cheese fries but I did. It actually tasted better than real cheese fries. I can't wait to go back and try out their whole menu. I am aiming to go here on my birthday next month since I live kinda far.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,2/9/2012,77,151,17,8,8>Let me give you three scenarios:First.  You're in Park Slope and just finished dinner.  It's too early to go home, but you're not in the mood for just a bar.  Your girlfriend or boyfriend has a chocolate problem.  You have a drinking problem.  Let's combine both of your problems.Second.  You're 11 and your parents are damn cool.  It's your birthday and they forgot to make a cake.  To compensate they have decided to take you and six friends to The Chocolate Room for an indulgence of your choice.Three.  You love Oprah.  Oprah loves cake.  She loves the Chocolate cake here.  You will try anything she endorses.But seriously, this place makes a mean chocolate layer cake, banana split, chocolate peanut butter cake with pretzel crumbs, etc.  The hot chocolate is like syrup.  Not to mention, they have suggested alcohol pairings for each desert.  My favorite drooling spot is the back counter watching the magic happen.  How's that for a night cap?
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,2/8/2012,216,70,8,9,8>A Bukowski themed whiskey bar called Post Office?! Vintage Vietnam era photos and wall paper in a dimly lit main room. In addition to the whiskeys, delish specialty cocktails and some beers help offset the small but punkishly fancy menu. Open late night, right off my most haunted J bburg stop (Marcy).. The music was what you'd listen to the night before your sweetie was sent off to fight charlies in the trees, etc.I wanted oysters wayyy after the kitchen was closed, and they let me know "Sorry, drunk little girl, we have no snacks for you to nosh on." I made a sad little face, but kept sucking down my yummy whiskey concoction. A few minutes later our waiter triumphantly appeared with 12 delicious oysters. I don't know how he procured them, but damn I felt loved. I will def be back for more nights (and days if I can wake up before noon this summer)
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,2/7/2012,376,328,6,13,9>Location wise, The Gallery Players can be a blessing or a curse depending on where you live. But for a small fee ($18) the commute is well worth the time as this theater will prove itself as a top contender among quality shows that you think you'll only find in the city.I've came here twice to see "Oliver Twist" and "The Little Dog Laughed" and both time my experience was absolutely amazing!! Given the fact that this intimate theater is located in the basement of an elementary school, the production was anything but. In fact, the stage was very well designed and the actors were surprisingly talented and captivated the audience's attention. It's  general seating so it's pretty much first come first serve, but being that this is a small theater any seating will suffice especially since the distant between actors and audience isn't much. Personally, I prefer it this way because when I was there, it allowed me to really see the subtle expressions that I would normally not see on a larger scale. All in all, this small production company is a definitely must as it delivers ongoing top notch seasonal shows that are memorable and that are seriously well put together.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,2/6/2012,363,618,6,10,8>You are doing something right when you can stay open for 41 years, never change the menu or prices, or even have to get a makeover! Roll N Roaster is a fixture in the community for their excellent comfort food, world famous roast beef, late night hours and hard working staff. The place is very late 1970's looking, with the brown colors and the wood paneling inside. Any director looking to film a movie or show from that era would find this place very helpful. I have so many good things to say with only 5001 characters to do it, so i'll condense to the important stuff:-Roast beef rules at Roll N Roaster, it's so popular it gets it's own express line for a sandwich with fries and a drink. Try it and thank me later. -Try the other great food like the corn fritters, which is basically cream corn breaded, battered and deep fried to perfection. Also worth trying is the chicken fingers and the fish sandwich, and you should always get your food with the homemade lemonade. Top it off with a thick chocolate shake afterward!-Ask for cheez on your fries! They use cheez wiz and it tastes great on just about anything, their fries are all the same and look like mini crinkle cut coins. -Don't worry about large crowds, your food will get to you pretty fast. They open up extra registers at night when it gets packed, and they always have a ton of workers in the back making the food, so even with a large line you won't be waiting long. There's also a ton of seating available with never a worry of waiting for one. Many people call Roll N Roaster "fast food" and in many ways it is, but there's much more to this place that puts it above that  phrase. You get to spin a wheel on your birthday for prizes, you always get service with a smile and it's a local, independent SUCCESSFUL establishment you don't see much of anymore in these parts.Take comfort knowing a neighborhood fixture is around to make your stomach happy!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,2/5/2012,786,1284,15,17,15>a lot of people ask me constantly, "joolie, where do you eat breakfast around your hood?" my usual reply would be, "I cook it at home" but- that's a bag full of lies! too hung over, exhausted from work or straight up LAZY... I choose a delicious and cheap option every Sunday morning (if I'm not having brunch with friends) to have $5 HUEVOS RANCHEROS. yes, child... $5 dolla, holla!!!!perfectly made rice, salty but satisfying beans, a crispy fried corn tortilla under two fried eggs... perfection! dabble some red and green sauce, swig some Mexican coca-cola (yes, it's better!) and enjoy the hilarious jukebox. Kumbia and Mariachi~ my fav! lolthe Tamales, Huraches, Cemitas, Tortas, burritos and Chicken Mole are hits! the shrimp cocktail is refreshing during the summer!  your broke-but-still-cute-ass can get full here for under $8, kid! this isn't fine dining, folks. the servers aren't crazy friendly, either. but I STILL frequent there along with my Sunday Fun-day crew; we're their regulars and love it here.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,2/4/2012,479,339,1,15,9>At the ripe age of 27, I buckled down to the idea of getting my first tattoo. I had an idea of what I wanted and knew where I wanted it...it was just a matter of finding who to do it. One night I was hanging out with a classmate (who has quite the collection of tattoos and has spent a bit of time in Nueva York) and talked about my mission to find a tattoo person. She told me about Jess and showed me her work on her. I was sold. I did want to see the variety of tattoos she has done so I checked out the website and my mission was complete- I had found my tattoo person.Jess and I e-mailed back and forth. I met up with her, showed her photos of what I wanted, and we discussed my idea. I was pretty open to size, etc...I did not want to restrict her too much. I wanted her artwork to show through, too ya know. I booked my appointment two weeks out and one week or so after our first meet, she showed me the design/sketch. I loved it and was super excited to come in a few days later for the big day.The day of the needle poking, she showed me the tools and walked me through the process, which was great for me...Miss Nervous Nelly.Two weeks later, I love every inch of my first tattoo. The detail. The colors. I am sitting here thinking about the next time I will sit with with Jess for more tattoos. Thank you, Jess! Your work is AMAZING! :D
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,2/3/2012,100,164,7,13,7>I LOVE Dekalb Market.  It's a short walk from my apartment and I've been there three times since it opened a few weeks ago.The vibe is excellent.  Very relaxing, but fun.  The DJ's are there during the weekends spinning/mixing great songs -- kinda retro / old school, but I'm an 80s baby, so I enjoyed every moment.  The set up is great with the shipping crates turned into restaurants and shops.  It's a great place to bring your family, hangout with a group of friends, or bring a date.  Trust me... I've done all three.  There is a covered seating area with picnic-like tables. And yes, strangers share tables.  it's great.The BEST thing about Dekalb Market is the food.  Rumor has it they're going to start delivering soon.... perhaps not all of their food vendors, but some.  I went to the grilled cheese spot -- Mrs. Dorsey's -- and seriously had the best grilled cheese ever.  There's nothing I love more than comfort food with an innovative twist.  I intend on trying each one of their five or so selections... but I need to watch my waistline.  Either way... I had the A.B.C. grill cheese... it's a grilled in a cinnamon butter and filled with gooey, tasty cheddar cheese, applewood bacon and crisp candied applies.  I loved the texture and it was so delicious.  I can't wait to try the other varieties.Mazie's International Soul is AMAZING.  I had the jerk chicken and it was well cooked and very moist.  It's not a spicy jerk, but a smoky jerk.  The flavors and subtle, but not bland.  And don't you get me started on the Mac n' Cheese.  Oh My Goodness.  When I had it this past Saturday, it was solid.  When I came back on Sunday, it was even better -- perhaps the best Mac n' Cheese I've ever had.  I tried to get some Jerk Chicken also, but it was sold out.  :(  And... to be honest... I left work early today hoping to have Mazie's for dinner and seeking to avoid yesterday's dilemma of sold out entrees.  Unfortunately, Mazie's wasn't open.  I was devastated, but slightly grateful to be saving myself from my impending Mazie's addiction.The cupcake place... a name I can't remember... just wasn't my thing.  I have 3-5 Crumbs cupcakes on a weekly basis.... so I really love cupcakes.  These, although creative in their combinations fell a little flat in the taste department.  Also, I've never been a fan of buttercream and the icing on these cupcakes is just as tall as the cupcake.  I had the Banana Foster and threw it away.  Trust me... me throwing away a cupcake is a huge statement.  My roommate, last weekend brought home a CHICKEN AND WAFFLES CUPCAKE. It was a monstrosity.  Fried chicken cutlets on a cupcake.  I couldn't do it, it was just too weird.  I also checked out Tiffany's Tea, which was pretty good.  There were a fairly broad variety of teas with innovative flavors.  I had the Lenny Kravitz, which is their version of an Arnold Palmer and it was very very good.  Overall, Dekalb Market is a must see.  Bring your family and friends and feast, while bopping your head to great music.  I will definitely be a regular.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,2/2/2012,77,161,8,12,12>These lovely ladies are making some serious cupcakes!!!!On a recommendation from a long time friend, I drove out to my old hood to sample these treats. Sooooo worth it!!! The flan cupcake was so good I actually called them to let them know how happy my mouth was. Moist and sinfully delicious. I also had the coquito cupcake which was equally awesome. So was the tres leches and the coconut for that matter. Ok so I ordered a few, but it was all in the name of taste testing.They make a great peach iced tea as well and when I spilled the giant 16oz cup all over the floor and counter they were still really nice about it and I tried the virgin mojito instead which was OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD!!!!You need to really get yourselves down there asap because if I get there first they may be none left for you!!!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,2/1/2012,283,451,7,7,6>I usually only come to Williamsburg on Saturday mornings to get stared at angrily by the Chasidim as I train for the marathon on their turf, but occasionally I'll make the trip out to Billyburg for drinks, dinner and music.But they almost always happen on the same night.Cubana is great because it combines two of my favorite things right now -- Cuban food and bourbon -- and does it all next door to the Music Hall of Williamsburg meaning I can have dinner, a good mixed drink and then head to the show, all without having to race through the rain.*The food wasn't fantastic -- though the pork was said to have been marinated for eight hours, it tasted kind of bland and the rice, pork and beans may be traditionally Cuban, but it is not traditionally exciting. I also expected more spice, though it's entirely possible Cuban food isn't spicy by definition and I've transposed my wishes from cool-weather spicy food to what I expect Cuban food to be. That said, I didn't love it.That said, the empanadas were good (if bland) with the egg and cheese being a standout. I loved the drinks, especially the rye with lemon twist that turned out to be a lot better than I expected. And the service was pleasant and attentive, even if it took the kitchen a little while to serve up the food.All in all, this place is pretty good if a little expensive**, but it makes up for the extra price with a cute, date-friendly interior and good service that means it's a good standby any night I'm coming to a show.* - Not that it was raining the night I was there, but it's a good bonus for if it were.** - $10 for a glass of Buffalo Trace? That's almost half the cost of the bottle!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,3/23/2014,203,151,3,5,6>DON'T SLEEP ON THIS PLACE!Living down the block, I never gave this spot a try because when they first opened they only accepted cash. Recently going onto their Yelp page, I was pleasantly surprised that they not only offer card, but delivery/pickup through the yelp app!Hungry on a Saturday night where I really didn't feel like spending a lot of money or cooking food, I placed an order through the app. Well, that was too easy.I had the jumbo shrimp with two sides and the fish with green plantains. Both are amazing! The food serving was just the right amount and the fish was super juicy!The garlic sauce it comes with is crack. They gave me the standard, 1 container per order I had, but I wish I had a damn squeeze bottle of it to put all over my food.Definitely the choice for all you healthy eaters too that maybe didn't have time to meal prep your paleo diet. Mostly all of the menu at this place is Paleo! Even though I cheated today and got potatoes with my jumbo shrimp!Planning on becoming a regular. This place is too good to pass up and the prices are affordable.I'd agree with most reviewers with the wait time being a little long. I ordered my food 20  minutes before I decided to walk over and pick it up and it was still being made. Waited maybe additional 5 minutes before I walked out of there with my food.Overall though, 5 star experience.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/22/2014,144,314,8,15,11>Martha is easily in my Top 5 best brunch spots, and it's all due to those prize winning brussel sprouts!!Do you remember growing up and your parents shoving veggies down your throat?  Well, brussel sprouts were not my fave at all.  What kid liked eating bitter and veggie-tasting things??  But as my palate became more advanced, so has my love for brussel sprouts.  Roasted with fish sauce, peanuts and pickled jalapenos, heaven in my mouth!!Okay, here's the skinny.  My bff and I got there right as the doors opened and situated ourselves right by the window.  We ordered brussels to share, fried chicken with duck fat biscuit and the cast iron pancake.  The pancake was very impressive, literally a cake pancake.  Thick, yet fluffy accompanied with ricotta and apple compote.  The chicken and biscuit was awesome too, I just wish the chicken was fried more.  The menu has a bit of an Asian twist to it, which gives Martha its unique flair and touch of class.  The wait was not long at all and to me, this is really not a place for kids.  As I reminisce on the old days, I don't remember my parents ever taking me to fancy places for brunch, at least not as a baby.  IMO, weekend family breakfast should be in the comforts of home.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,3/21/2014,90,533,5,16,11>I professed my love for a well-known hipster BBQ place in Williamsburg awhile ago, but now that I've eaten at Morgan's, I feel like my loyalties have been divided. My partner, who rarely disagrees with me about food, still doesn't believe that Morgan's is better than the other, but overall I think we'll be seeing more of this place in the future. Given the quick seating, the great service at the bar, and the friendly low-key atmosphere, Morgan's seems a lot easier to dine at.We ordered portions of the pulled pork, fatty brisket, sausage, and ribs -- though they were all outstanding, my favourite by far was the fatty brisket, which melts in the mouth. My partner was a bit miffed by the fact that they had only one or two sauces out at the bar, but I generally prefer to eat BBQ based on its own merits.For sides, we opted for collards, beans, and a baked potato without the meat. The first two were meh, but the baked potato was a standout and I'd order it again. Our bartender commented that the baked potato with meat is a meal within itself, but even this one was pretty hefty with the (real!) cheddar cheese, sour cream, butter, and green onions. Yum.If there's room for dessert, I wouldn't skip out on the key lime pie, which has a fantastic graham cracker crust and that perfect combination of sweet and tart. Do they make these to go?
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,3/20/2014,815,362,3,8,8>This place is excellent for a large group - the combo plate (family style) is the way to go. Someone wants chicken? Got it. Someone else wants brisket? Done. Pulled Pork? Ribs? It's all there. 3 sides all plentiful enough for sharing are included, along with cornbread. Everything was moist, tender and smoky JUST like you expect your BBQ to be. The meat poutine made a good app for the table (kind of like disco fries) and pitchers of the "wild card" beer along side some pickle back shots made everyone in our party of 8 super happy. We also had a gregarious  waitress named Natasha who rocked out with us hungry, boozed up fools. Fun times, great vibe and legit eating at Dino BBQ - I'll be back with another large group, my parents or just a friend or two sometime in the very near future!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,3/19/2014,144,279,5,9,7>I am over the moon!I just finished my vegan scramble, and dayyyuuummmm, it was hella fine. Tofu has never been sexier. I swear there was cinnamon involved, and it was magical. Also, the lime tofu cream was a pleasant surprise. I sopped it up with my toast and was thoroughly satisfied. It was such a joy to experience this vegan dish at the same table as my omnivorous sister. Hurray!Service was perfect and cost was reasonable. I'll absolutely be back.P.S. Try a mimosa with grapefruit juice. So delicious!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,3/18/2014,182,331,5,7,7>This place is truly bizarre, in the best way.You walk in, there's about 10 square feet around a counter area, and wordlessly a woman will motion for you to ascend the ladder-like stairs up to the attic space.  Once there, there are about 4 or 5 tables, all super crammed in together, in a strange loft-attic space that legitimately feels like your weird aunt's house.  I got the jerk chicken, some other people in my party got the goat curry, and the shrimp.  Everyone was happy, especially me, as I grinned through the tears my spicy chicken caused.  It was so tender, juicy, and painful in a good way that it kept me coming back.  Great portion size for the money, and the sides were tasty too.  Bring a 6-pack and a friend or two for an off-beat, authentic Caribbean meal!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,3/17/2014,171,153,,11,5>My new favorite place to buy wine! I used to frequent the prior wine store, Donna Da Vine, mostly as it was conveniently located, however, over the years, the selection of wine slowly dwindled to the point of almost nonexistent which is partly the reason it had taken me two months to visit the new place,  but I'm so glad I finally did! After some grocery shopping/errand running/an intense gym session, I decided  I no longer had the energy to make dinner so after grabbing some Sottacasa to go, my fiancé and I stopped in here on our way home. They have a great selection of wine(mostly under $30)  and have a great variety for the size of the store(you can likely find something for everyone here) and some local liquors(can't say much about the liquor as I had eyes only for wine on my visit). I'm a red girl, but it was such a hot day, I wanted something refreshing and had no idea what to select. The guy that was working, maybe the owner?, was so knowledgable and helpful. He recommended a few different wines and then whipped out some glasses and gave us a sampling to help us narrow down our decision. While in the store, 4 other patrons had walked in and I was amazed at the way he was able to give everyone personal attention and clearly knew the wines inside and out. Highly recommend!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,3/16/2014,144,180,4,7,8>This place is fabulous. I'm hesitant to write this glorious review because then this place will no longer be my secret. I came here for a birthday dinner and want to return for brunch soon. I had a brambleberry smash cocktail, which was great. At first I was skeptical about pairing scallops and bone marrow in tacos, but it turned out to be were amazing. The marrow brought together the dish in ways I didn't think possible. The berkshire pork entree was grilled to perfection and the portion was huge - I'm surprised I had room for our samplings of the entire dessert menu. The desserts are what bumped Stone Park Cafe from 4 to 5 stars. The peach raviolini can only be described as pillows of heaven. The affogato had a perfect balance of espresso, hazelnut and caramel. The orange semi freddo tasted like a denser version of orange cheesecake. The chocolate brioche will satisfy chocolate lovers. The selection of ice creams and sorbets (we sampled all) were a good palate cleanser between desserts (my friend love love loved the coconut sorbet). The ricotta cheesecake was airy and lighter than the usual new york style cheesecake. I will continue to dream about the desserts from Stone Park Cafe.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/15/2014,226,378,,7,4>Her name is Gracie and she will flip your wig and make sure you look like a star when you get out of her chair.She does it all...naturals, weaves, relaxers, up dos, funky cuts, color... you name it she does it!After looking for a stylist that knew what they were doing when it comes to my head. I've been a client of hers for the past 3 years and will not be going to another salon any time soon...unless she leaves.LOVE ME SOME GRACIE B!!!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,3/14/2014,58,90,6,9,10>I've been given a challenge... find the best slice of pizza in NY.  Now, I know many people have set out on this daunting, some would say impossible task, but a challenge is a challenge!  To make it at least a little easier, I have narrowed the quest down to the best slice in Brooklyn and let me tell you... Piz-zetta was my first stop and it has definitely set the bar sky-high for the rest!I recently watched the Brooklyn nine-nine episode where they talk about how to rank a pizza joint (Watch here: youtube.com/watch?v=GqI7) and although I am still not sure about how to determine "mouth-feel", Piz-zetta has got it all!  Delicious sauce, perfect sauce to cheese ratio, the dough was chewy, but not tough...  The best part was the service.  The guy (wish we had gotten his name!) was chatty, friendly, recommended we get a slice from the fresh pie coming out of the oven and even customized each slice for us after tossing the dough high into the air!To be honest, I wasn't expecting to be impressed, but I was, and for many reasons.  After this challenge is over... we'll be back!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,4/21/2012,479,339,7,8,8>Saturday brunch. A group of 8. ...a group of 8 hungry and slightly hungover twenty-something-year-olds. Fancy Mexican food?! This NorCal chica is a bit skeptical but I will give it a try.We are seated towards the front of the small restaurant by our friendly server. I look around and there really isn't a lot of room in here. There's a few small tables at the front of the restaurant, a bar to the left, and a few more small tables towards the back. Cozy but not overly cramped. This is a good start.I look through the menu and it's a toss up between the Huevos Rancheros and the Huevos Divorciados. How did I choose?! The words "crispy bacon" for the Huevos Divorciados dish.If you know me, I am a pescatarian that dibs and dabs with bacon. So what does that make me now? A pescabacontarian?! Don't judge. Each brunch entree comes with a complimentary mimosa, which come in hibiscus, guava, and mango. Yes please. :)We order our food. We wait. We get surprised with a complimentary big bowl of guacamole with tortillas and tortilla chips. Seriously?! Guac is the key to my heart. How did you know?! Well, we had a reservation but had to wait around. The server felt bad so yay to free yummy guac!My Huevos Divorciados dish arrives. It isn't how I pictured it but I am intrigued by its presentation. Imagine from the bottom up. At the bottom level, a crispy tortilla. Next, black beans with queso fresco and crema. Next, BACON. :D Next, sunny side up eggs. Finally, salsa verde on one side of the eggs, on the other side, ranchera sauce. We all wipe our plates clean. Mama would be proud. We leave with our bellies warm, happy, satisfied...into the first New York snow. Heaven.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,4/20/2012,1231,1149,6,11,11>NOW I have a reason to get off on the Dekalb Stop...You know when you were a kid and you played with legos? You would make all sorts of things out them like cars, rockets and ships. I would make stores and shops out of them. This is like seeing "my concept" as a kid a REALITY. Shipping containers as stores and food shops? HELL to the YES!The Dekalb Market is located right when you get out of the train station onto Flatbush Ave. It's very easy to spot and you can hear the music that's being spun by the DJ. This place is open 7 days a week. It's easy to get to and the items they sell are really interesting.Once you go in you will see some stands with an array of handmade crafts. From Jewelry, handbags, lamps and even terraniums. If you like one of a kind things. You will love it here.Not only do you have outdoor shops, but you also have an outdoor Food Court. You have a selection of Teas, sandwiches, Hot dogs and even Grilled Cheeses. My personal favorite is Maharlika. They have a shop here that serves Longadogs. Which are Filipino Sausages on a bun. Really GOOD! You want some BEER? They sell beer here... My favorite combination is Shopping, Food and BEER!!!I love the concept of this outdoor shopping/eating gallery. You will see local vendors that take pride in the work they do. Take home a piece of Brooklyn at the Dekalb Market. For more info on hours, events and what's new at the market:dekalbmarket.com
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,4/19/2012,131,169,3,4,3>This no-frills Prospect Heights Dominican restaurant is an unshakable force in the neighborhood.  And while it doesn't look like much on the outside (or inside for that matter), it has remained a strong presence in the ever-shifting business of restaurants and other storefronts that have come and gone in the area.  But where they go awry in decor they totally make up for in a bursting menu of fresh, great tasting food at an affordable price.  I've been here a couple of times, and it's never been disappointing.  And service is always accommodating and friendly.  Recently, I enjoyed their rotisserie chicken with green plantains (and crushed garlic sauce, which has a piquant zest that I enjoy adding as a topping on my plantains; I know, I know, don't worry Altoids are my friend afterward).  I tasted the pork chops too, which someone else at my table ordered - it was succulent and well-seasoned.  If you've ever had any trepidations about coming here--don't.  This place is definitely a real-life example about that adage on books, covers and passing judgment.  Think Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations--because at this place you don't need any and you certainly shouldn't have any, check any pretense at the door.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,4/18/2012,25,116,5,7,5>Glass Shop, I want to spend time inside you like "your body is wonderland". Thank you for never playing John Mayer. Or Coldplay. You are what I always want in a coffee shop. You are pretty on the inside and your backyard is spacious. You are not perfectly manicured but that's part of your appeal. You are what every west village coffee shop wants to look like and your coffee is actually good. Even though you only have power outlets in the front, I still promise to spend time on you, or in you. Fondly, Me
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,4/17/2012,283,451,10,16,10>Most of the time when I'm partial to a revolution in thinking, it occurs in the technology world -- y'know, new process or new way of doing things that make something possible, or easier, or more intuitive where I didn't even know it was an option.I had that same feeling walking into Park Slope Eye -- actually, that's not true. I really had that experience before I ever stepped foot in the store. When I called to get an appointment, I found that they directed me to the website wherein all my communication with the office occurred before I introduced myself at my appointment time. Reminders, scheduling and telling Dr. Bazan what I needed all happened without me having to talk to a single human being. And for a guy that orders Domino's just because I can do it all online, this was a blessing, even if I didn't trust it.But I had no reason to doubt, as everything was set up perfectly when I arrived at the office, in what I think was the old Tasti-D spot on Union. But I got here, was offered a drink and popcorn while I waited, and was inquisitively chatted up based on my Red Bulls jersey I was wearing by not only the staff but the doctor, who all appeared to be genuinely interested in local soccer, not just humoring me. And when all my information was inputted, it connected seamlessly between the exam room and the front room meaning there were no duplicate tests or extraneous reports missing. In fact, Dr. Bazan, in between being overly descriptive about the tests he was running and why he was running (which was fantastic for someone like me who normally doesn't ask enough questions as to why things are happening) kept looking up things online in the exam room as we discussed them to answer questions that came up (specifically as to whether or not there is a famous Polish weightlifter with my last name).They found all of the extra discounts I could possibly save in purchasing new glasses (over $300 including insurance and a $100 checking in on the Yelp app bonus) and volunteered to replace the lenses in my current glasses that I didn't even purchase there (that ended up being more expensive than I wanted to spend).I booked my appointment here primarily because my insurance was accepted here and because I've seen how active Dr. Bazan has been in promoting his business on Yelp (where I first saw it). Now I don't think I'll ever go anywhere else.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,4/16/2012,181,311,6,9,6>One......dollar...... OYSTERS?!?!?!!?!?!?! I'm sorry, let me clarify.. $1 oysters during their happy hour are not just your average Blue Point oysters. No, they're every single kind of oyster on the menu. Oysters from Washington, British Columbia, the East Coast... all $1! WOW!When I first read about the $1 oysters I thought to myself, "No, Heather, there's no way. That's just too good to be true." Well, dear Heather, you were wrong. You were so very wrong. And sometimes it feels so right to be so wrong. This was one of those times.Well, needless to say those were some of the best oysters I have ever sucked down. Beyond them though I absolutely loved the vibe Maison Premiere gave off and had there been any room in the garden I would have really enjoyed sitting out there - it looked beautiful. Loved the selection of beers on tap and they had plenty of delicious sounding cocktails and wines to choose from. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable and made the experience all the more wonderful. I will most certainly be back to Maison Premiere in the future. It now has a place alongside my other Williamsburg favorites... Peter Luger's, Brooklyn Brewery, DeStefano's, Chimu, Matt Torrey's, and Barcade. Welcome Maison Premiere.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,4/15/2012,134,243,3,6,2>This is the first store I've encountered in my lifetime where I literally want to buy EVERYTHING.  The Brooklyn Kitchen is absolutely magical.  If you love to cook, and constantly fantasize about building your kitchen arsenal, this is the store for you.  They have somehow delved into my subconscious and also stocked their shelves with everything I never new I needed, but now plan on buying.I need to somehow win a shopping spree here, a la "Nickelodeon's Super Toy Run".For those of you that aren't of the Nickelodeon Generation, see exhibit A:youtube.com/watch?v=-NBSThey are fully stocked on Le Creuset and All-Clad, they have a huge cast iron selection, an amazing knife selection, baking supplies, tableware, serveware, grills, and appliances.  LIterally, anything you could ever imagine to cook with, make cocktails with, drink coffee or tea with, et cetera.  They have an awesome bulk section....selling everything from grains to made-in-house-vinegars.  Cheese supplies, tagines, foodie zines, grown-in-house-hydroponic-herbs, and lunchboxes.  They also have a wide variety of rustic wooden cutting boards, one of my personal favorites.  Gadgets, gizmos, pasta makers, cute little knick nacks.  They have spices, sauces, extracts, canning & preserving supplies, and COOKBOOKS GALORE.  Really, I could go on forever.  They teach cooking classes here, and also will inspire you to cook just by being inside the store.  There is also a "Single Foodies" wall where you can post your classified ad to help find your foodie lover.  If you are anywhere in the area, love food, and haven't yet been to the Brooklyn Kitchen, you need to do so A.S.A.P.Also, The Brooklyn Kitchen shares their space with The MeatHook.  So while you are there, take a gander at one of the most incredible butcher collectives in existence.  They sell outstanding meat from small, family-owned farms in New York, for around the same price you see in most supermarkets.  There is also a little locavore produce section in the back that I'd highly recommend to you.  Fresh picked herbs are sold in a cup of water for $2 - LOVE IT!The staff is amazing.  They are all super-knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.  They have pointed me in the right direction so many times.  They will really tell it like it is.  Everyone who works here seems to be constantly LOVING what they are doing, and I don't blame them because this place RULES. The prices are average.  I'd say mostly everything is the same exact price you'd find online, or at other stores.  I'm yet to see anything there that was over-priced.I would give this store 6 Stars if I could.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,4/14/2012,557,1415,3,3,4>Ladies with an attitudeFellas that were in the moodDon't just stand there, let's get to itDrink a beer there's nothing to itBeer, beer, beer.....If Madonna would only return my phone calls, we could update her old hit "Vogue" for our generation with my new lyrics about beer.    Anybody wanting to help me with the choreography drop me a line.Back to the restaurant...Henry Street Ale House is a cool place.  There are a lot of locals who jealously guard seats at the bar so as a newcomer, I felt a little unwelcome, but my very cool waitress Joan said I could just sit at a table. She was funny, ironic, informative and a little spunky*.  I liked her so service gets 4 stars.The beer list is well-curated, with a nice selection of bottles and drafts.  I started with La Chouffe, which is one of my favorite beers and it was served in the tulip.  Then I had the chicken wings and deferred to Joan for my next diet-busting selection.  She recommended the jalapeno poppers.   The poppers were great, served with a huge dollop of sour cream and a small bowl of buffalo sauce.  Great!  The wings were good, meaty, with a subtle spiciness.  I subbed the blue cheese for ranch and that made me happy.  Also used leftover buffalo sauce from the poppers to add additional flavor.  Paired my meal with a Fullers ESB, very tasty.For good service and good beer selection, I'm a fan of Henry Street Ale House.__________________________________________________­_______*Here's Lou Grant's take on spunk (@ 2:35): youtu.be/sNyj4FV56JY
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,4/13/2012,91,160,41,21,16>To the homesick ex-Mexicans, missing that one-of-a-kind tomatillo tang: your time has come.To the wistful ex-Californians, yearning for tortillas that don't taste like cardboard: your time has come.To the deprived ex-Arizonans, longing for that crumbly white cheese you left behind: your time has come.To the world-weary ex-Texans, patiently explaining that "Tex-Mex" is different than "Mexican food in Texas": your time has come. To the beleaguered ex-New Mexicans, slowly suffering through lettuce-stuffed "burritos": your time has come. Mexico 2000 Grocery deserves the crap out of every one of these five stars. The fantastic food reminds me of the stuff I lived on as a kid in Phoenix, the Spanish-only staff is friendly and welcoming, and the prices are rock-bottom low.Yelpers of the Southwest, rejoice. OUR TIME HAS COME!WE RIDE AT DAWN!!!!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,4/12/2012,39,143,3,3,4>Burgers: Killer.  Especially with cheddar cheese and mushrooms.  Whoacakes.DuMac and Cheese: Actually the best mac and cheese I've ever had.  No lie.Fried Pickes: A MUST!Fries: Yummy in my tummy.Pumpkin Alcoholic Shake: Seriously?  Yum.Service: Hit or miss.  The first time I went, I sat at the bar and had a very attentive server.  The second time, it took us forever to get anything - even just a water refill.Overall, I like this place a lot.  I prefer sitting outside, and I also tend to order the mini-burger, because it's extremely filling (even though it seems small - it is deceptively packed with meat!), and allows me to eat other things (such as friend pickles).  Also, seriously, try their shakes.  It was like an alcoholic pumpkin pie.  I can still taste it...
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/20/2014,656,559,2,6,5>Good food, good drinks and good atmosphere! I've been here 3x. Twice during the weekend and on a Monday night. Pleasantly surprised when I walked in on a Sunday evening. It was pretty full but we were able to get a table.The 1st (AND 3rd) time I had bratwurst and lentils - AMAZING! Great food at a great price. The boyfriend liked it so much after I had it the 1st time, we both ordered it again when we came back.Slightly annoyed that they had a Monday economy menu when I went in on a Monday evening. It's a very cheap menu with entrees around $7 and soups at $4 but I just really wanted bratwurst and it wasn't on that menu.  The boy ordered the $4 potato and celery soup and the $7 fried trout which came breaded and was a huge piece of trout. It was good but again, really wanted bratwurst! For desserts, I've had the chocolate custard with whipped cream and the chocolate crepes with whipped cream (do you sense a theme here?). The chocolate crepes had melted chocolate in it so it made it a mess to eat. The chocolate custard was small but thick and creamy. Both desserts came with lady fingers. Love that they have Angry Orchard cider here. I really love that cider. They have other specials like hot cider and rum and cocktails available. Of course, there is lots of bottled and draft beer here. I definitely love the atmosphere - calm, relaxed with good drinks and food. I think this place hits a spot because it's not too "park slope" with its vibe or prices, not too hipster, - just the right amount of casual. So of course, I'll be back.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/19/2014,105,63,38,40,37>Since I recently got my puppy I have to find a place that I could trust! Relying on other yelpers, I discovered the Pawlour! I had high expectation of the Pawlour after seeing all the reviews on Yelp. I have a shih-tzu/maltese mix and this was her first time at a groomer! I love the final results of the tail and face which was able to meet my expectations. The fur on the body was a lot shorter then I would of liked yet I would still highly recommend them! The groomers are nice and explained everything they did and from the tail and face are skilled! The salon itself is very clean and has a gate to keep the animals in a enclosed area. My puppy smelled really good at the end of her grooming! This place is worth $50!The only con resulting in four stars is when I got home, I noticed some red spots (Razor Burns) on my puppy neck and some wounds on her ears. I am hoping since this was her first time at a groomer making her nervous and scared resulting in the injuries. I am coming back for my winter grooming and update this review (hoping to give it five stars)! See you in a couple of months.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,1/18/2014,147,201,3,6,5>This is a true dive bar.  If you're looking to pre-game for cheap, this one's for you. If you are having an amazing night and are looking to wind down but can still go for one or two more, this one's for you. This was my last spot for the night. We were greeted by an older gentleman who scrutinized out IDs, no doubt making sure we were of age and that our ID matched the person. We then proceeded to the bar. I had two more beers while my friend had one or maybe two shots that came in a larger than average shot glass. We enjoyed looking at the random assortment of people that came through the door. No one ever stayed too long so it never got crowded. They have a jukebox. There is also a room in the back. So if the liquor puts you in the mood to dance, there's room for that. And if the bar area gets too crowded, you can go to the back and watch people dance poorly to Michael Jackson's "Bad". All very entertaining. They also sell food but I suggest you stick to the drinks.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,1/17/2014,674,592,7,11,10>There are things that all women have done in forms of exercise and keeping that summer bod as long as possible - especially with holiday temptations just around the corner.  Some are yoga, P90X, Zumba - the list goes on and on- but the hardest by far is Pilates.  I myself have been much intimidated by Pilates for years, and have ventured to this local place to see what the hype is all about.  This location couldn't be any better for commuters and drivers alike; easiest street parking ever!  This block alone seems to be awakening to new places, and BK Pilates is one.Awaken those abs that have been hiding!  Discover that your current workout routine is just not cutting it, as you challenge your body to follow seamlessly on the machines and pulleys!  I am still in shock as to how weak my body really is, and how my balance can always be improved.Marina and Natasha have taught me a class each so far, and although I am far from the greatest, I look forward to the next hour class!  Classes are diverse, friendly and are about doing as much as possible in that hour; it really flies!  Make sure you book early; classes tend to fill up very quickly!  Classes hold up to four people at once; get the attention you need to succeed.Clean facilities with changing room and cabinets that serve as lockers.  Bathroom even has hair ties in case you forgot yours- yes!   I might just have to give yoga a rest until I've gotten the hang of this!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,1/16/2014,63,101,2,7,5>I fell in love on Thursday. My soul was hugged by nature. A friend recommended I check this place out. Since it had been on my to do list and I'm an outdoorsy person I decided to come even though it's off season and it was drizzling out. I loved how each plant is labeled and gives in depth info on it's origin and how beautifully landscaped the grounds were. It sort of reminds me of walking around Animal Kingdom at Disney World.I sat in the Japanese garden for almost an hour to escape the rain that started pouring. Since I didn't make it to some of the venues I'm definitely going to go back for another visit.This was definitely a peaceful experience and an escape from the rest of the jungle out there.FYI: The Botanic Garden is free Monday-Friday only, throughout November-February. The cost for adults 11 and up is $6 on the weekend. So go and enjoy this piece of heaven on earth.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,1/15/2014,96,97,6,13,7>In a word...mojitos.  Ideya does a lot of things right - good food, cute space, patio door restaurant front, an attentive owner - but most importantly it does mojitos right.  Sweet, tart, refreshingly minty goodness, executed with mastery. Come for mojitos...stay for everything else.I happened by Ideya yesterday while driving down Flatbush Avenue with my BFF.  We were in search of a quick meal and I happened to see the sign out the corner of my eye.  I blinked, twice, as my brain processed the possibility. Ideya?  Am I seeing things?  Could it possibly be that Brooklyn has gotten its own incarnation of my crew's once-upon-a-time girls night go-to (Latin) spot???  I had to find out.10 minutes later (after a series of abrupt lane changes and legally questionable turns) my BFF and I walked through the doors to find that Ideya had, in fact, come to Brooklyn!!  After a quick reminiscent chat about the former SoHo location with one of the owners, we were happily seated in front of the open patio doors.  It was about 5:30 and the open doors allowed for ample people watching, which is one of my favorite pastimes.  I ordered the mojito - because you simply must at Ideya - and it was delicious.  We then ordered a series of appetizers to share - grilled shrimp with mango chutney and pesto, mexican corn, and a caribbean inspired mixed salad.  We started with the complimentary plantain chips and salsa - heavenly.  Our impromptu appetizer tasting soon followed.  The corn was my BFFs favorite, the shrimp was mine.  We'd order both again in a heartbeat.For those of you who used to frequent the Soho location, the menu is highly recognizable and many of the fan favorites still remain.  The new location in the heart of Park Slopes is stellar.  It surrounds other well-known neighborhood favorites and is a hop skip and a jump from the B train.  In fact, for the food and tasty mojitos, I'd probably walk here after a night at the Barclay's Center which is just several blocks away.Watch out Burrito Bar...you're about to have some stiff competition.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,1/14/2014,57,187,1,7,2>I came here for brunch with the ultimate arbiters of quality, my parents. Even though it looked like there was a huge crowd and an endless wait, we were seated in about 10 minutes. We all got drinks, I told the folks that Yelp recommended the pancakes, so they both decided to take the internet's advice (smart people).YES, the pancakes are amazing. I never eat pancakes because one bite is usually more than plenty, but I kept stealing little bites of my mom's, even after I finished my own breakfast. They're almost like a cake...think about how you felt the first time you had a black and white and were like, "hey, this isn't a cookie!" It was like that. I got the mushroom and asiago omelette which was pretty good but a little greasy. No matter, I finished it, and the salad and fries. Fries could have been crispier but I appreciated that they give you a normal portion and not a heaping heap.The service was brisk, just this side of rushed. I don't mind, I'm a native and I appreciate the hustle especially at a busy time, but I guess it might make some people anxious. Oh, important last comment: cheap mimosas!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/13/2014,55,61,10,20,17>95 South is what it is. It's a neighborhood bar in what used to be a primarily African-American and West Indian neighborhood. They might serve a drink in a plastic cup, they might play music at a dancing (not chatting) volume, they also might charge you a cover to come in and hear said music, and if one of the guys outside thinks you're cute he might let you know in so many words. And so what? It's the place where you can watch the game with your neighbors of 15 years, hear some 90s hip-hop (beyond the customary Bigge and Jay-Z ), attend a summertime white party, and basically NOT be stuck in another hipster bar  in a gentryfying neighborhood. For those who knew Crown Heights before it was Prospect Heights/ Prospect Lefferts Garden or whatever cutesy name developers have lobbed on it you know that this is serving the needs of the people who've seen CH in worse times and know that they and 95 South deserve to stick around and see it in better. I raise a plastic cup to this place, hipsters have Franklin Park, yuppies have the rest of the Franklin Ave. stroll, but the natives have 95 South.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,1/12/2014,27,112,3,6,6>This is our new Mexican standby. We liked it so much we ate here twice this week! There are so many reasons to love this place - cheap prices, GIGANTIC portions, delicious food, and friendly service. We've visited quite a few Mexican places around Brooklyn and fast and friendly service is not common at all. The portions are so huge that I can't finish more than two tacos and a plate of rice and beans in one sitting. If you order enchiladas, don't order anything else - you will not even come close to finishing! The guacamole practically comes in a mixing bowl. We are big eaters and came nowhere near to finishing it.Love this place! Go! Feed yourself well! :-)
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,1/11/2014,196,61,4,7,5>Hands down my favorite restaurant in this area. I seriously can't think of ANYTHING bad about this place. Cute rustic/antique decor, excellent service, good music, and delicious food and drinks. I've only been here once, but after that one time, I could not stop gushing to everybody about this place!The berry sangria is bombdotcom. I got the steak, bf had some sort of white fish (can't remember which), and his brother got the chuleta. Everything was delicious, and it was all really affordable. This was my first experience with Dominican food, so I can't speak to how authentic it is. I've had my share of latin food, and the flavors are definitely reminiscent of my time in Central America and the Carribean.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,8/3/2012,65,126,4,7,7>FORGET every other cupcake place in the city!  Robicelli's is far & away my very favorite cupcake!!!  The flavors are extremely innovative & always executed PERFECTLY!  They straddle the line between creativity & deliciousness flawlessly.  (I'm sorry Crumbs-- you've got some pretty crazy, fun flavors but all your goddamned cupcakes taste the SAME!  You use the same cupcake base & just add something stupid to your buttercream frosting.  Not Robicellis!)There are WAY too many favorites to mention-- and they are CONSTANTLY rotating their flavors so you will always get something new-- but some highlights/past favorites include the Southern Belle (banana bourbon cake, vanilla buttercream, brown butter bourbon pecans), Chocolate Peanut Butter Pretzel (chocolate cake, peanut butter buttercream, crushed peanuts and pretzels), Banana Cream Pie (banana cake, vanilla custard, custard buttercream, banana chip, graham cracker crumbs), Pecan Potato Chip (pecan potato chip cake, vanilla buttercream, roasted pecans, potato chips, salted butterscotch) & of course, their famous Chicken & Waffle (vanilla "waffle" cake, vanilla buttercream, buttermilk soaked fried chicken dipped in pure Vermont maple syrup).  I also LOVE that they have a few flavors named after our beloved & dearly departed Golden Girls: The Bea Arthur (black coffee chocolate cake, cheesecake buttercream, espresso ganache); the Estelle Getty (Amaretto cake, cheesecake buttercream, crushed imported Sicilian Amaretti cookies); and the Rue McClanahan (peach cake, cheesecake buttercream, brown sugar peach compote).  Allison Robicelli is like a gay man trapped in a woman's body & I LOVE HER for that!!!  Get your ass to DeKalb Market!!!  You will be so glad you did!!!(Bonus points for NOT serving the incredibly tired red velvet cupcakes!!  The reason they don't is b/c Allison refuses to use chemicals in her cupcakes, which of course is the only thing that makes red velvet cupcakes red.  Again, you're a woman after my own heart, Allison!!)
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,8/2/2012,84,213,5,17,5>Went at 430 yesterday (Tuesday, Summer) and was completely surprised at what a great place this was. I expected crowded, dirty, and obnoxious  but left pretty excited. There was no line when we showed up so no waiting is always a good thing. We had planned ahead for the trip by reading all the rules online so we weren't surprised when they asked to see our lock before entering. (Pretty sure there was someone right outside of the place trying to sell locks...what a great biz idea! Ha!) The changing area was pretty big and relatively clean. Bathrooms were less desirable but I didn't really expect to find a spa-style facility. The pool was HUGE and even though there were a bunch of people in it, we were still able to float around and casually swim without always feeling like we were going to run into others. Overall a great experience and will def be back.Things to remember when going:1. You must have your own lock or you wont be able to get in.2. Do not bring a bunch of crap with you... only the necessities. The lockers are pretty big but chairs, toys, umbrellas and all that are not allowed.3. If you plan on wearing clothing over your bathing suit, it has to be white and it can't be more than a tshirt and a pair of shorts. It HAS to be white.4. Bring your own towel and sunscreen and whatever else you need. There is no concession at which to buy these things.Have fun!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,8/1/2012,130,161,4,5,5>After an epic coffee drought on 7th avenue we were blessed with not one but two fine new establishments within a few weeks of each other and this one serves full meals! 1st:  Blue Bottle Coffee - as a native SF girl and a self-labled coffee snob those three little words on the signboard outside would have been enough to make me a believer in Dada 2nd: Holy Whoa!  The pastry counter is absolutely ridiculous.  Fine French pastries, mini tarts, croissants, eclairs.  3rd:  They serve REAL proper meals, breakfasts, quiches, fresh salads, including my favorite the Nicose, sandwiches, tartins and cheese/meat boards.  4th: The Dada team did such an amazing job renovating this space.  Its gorgeous and you can't help but want to settle in and stay for a while - luckily you'll have delicious coffee and tasty food/treats to nosh on while you do.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,7/31/2012,210,277,4,6,2>The sweet glory of the Big D runs deep in my heart. This is not merely a junk store; it is THE junk store dreams are made of. I have gotten two adorable lamps for my apartment ($11) that draw compliments on the regular; loads of goodies for my kitchen and bathroom; and even some stellar undies (really. I swear!). The prices are quite fair for the quality of the items, which are not your typical dollar store finds, but more akin to a low-grade Marshalls. You won't be getting any luxury items, but if you are in search of inexpensive household goods, this is the place.I will say that I have nearly done battle with seriously determined Polish women over both items and my place on line. These are some fierce older ladies, I'll tell you that! Because the inventory is so extensive, I have spent way more time than expected browsing at the Big D, so make sure you don't think this is going to be a quick stop. I've gone in, determined to purchase only what I came in for, and have never succeeded at doing so. But as a result, my apartment is super cute, and for a price no one would ever guess.Big D seems to have something of a cult following. They do not have this shop in my neighborhood, and thus I did not experience this phenomena firsthand until rather recently. Now I understand. I kind of love this place in a way that is somewhat irrational, but it makes junk-searching as fun as it gets! (Next to the ever-glorious Livingston Street Goodwill, that is.)
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,7/30/2012,46,243,3,6,3>The best thing about Carlton Park is its location--a splendid, airy corner from which the entire restaurant's tone is set. This is a new business in what seemed like a long-vacant spot, and it definitely has some details to smooth out. But its shortcomings feel more like charming quirks than offensive oversights, and for each of these Carlton succeeds with a thoughtful touch someplace else. Sure, the decor and design could use refinement. The green lighting on one wall looks garish. The logo suggests a much cheaper chain restaurant. But elsewhere decisions like the beautiful reclaimed wood and windowed phone recesses in tables (see photo) add a lovely, if imperfect, aura. The staff is so intent on making sure you're enjoying yourself that sometimes I just wanted a few minutes alone to talk and eat. The food was in fact excellent. And dining on a 70-degree evening with Carlton's massive garage-style doors opened really couldn't be beat.I'm someone less concerned with organic certifications and portion sizes than just having a good time while enjoying some good food. If you like to gauge a restaurant's value by measuring the ounces of food per dollars paid, your best bet is Five Guys across the street. Carlton Park is for the down-to-earth diner who wants to enjoy himself, not pick apart a restaurant's flaws.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,7/29/2012,611,712,19,16,14>I'm a little bit of a snob when it comes to Chinese food. My family regularly makes the trek out to Bay Ridge to indulge in delicious, spicy and numbing Szechuan cuisine. Since dining at Grand Sichuan House, it's been difficult for me to enjoy Chinese anywhere else.I had heard rumors that Tofu on 7th had employed a new chef that was spicing things up (lol) and bringing the Szechuan to the Slope. Last night I ordered $30.00 worth of food for myself. I'm disgusting. But it had to happen. If the rumors were true, I was going to take full advantage and gorge myself into a sweaty oblivion. My food arrived suspiciously fast and I was ready to be disappointed. Silly me. As I unpacked my huge bag of food, I knew that I had ordered from the right place. The Mapo Tofu was in a gigantic plastic tupperware. Enough for 3 regular people. My dumplings in chili oil were nearly identical to the Chengdu spicy dumplings at Grand Sichuan house. The Scallion pancakes were golden and flaky, and my fried rice was...well...regular old pork fried rice. But I'll forgive 'em. Everything else was too good not to. It was authentic, delicious, and filling. I poured chili oil and the tofu sauce on EVERYTHING and could not have been a happier woman. I will say that the food was a little less numbing than I usually like, but COME ON. PARK SLOPE HAS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS! I have been waiting for this. My wallet is sad about this. Very sad. Goodbye, money. Hello, spicy butthole. :'(
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,7/28/2012,49,221,5,14,6>The barren culinary desert that has been DUMBO now has a lush verdant oasis.  Governor is outstanding and brings Brooklyn restaurants to an even higher level.The food is superb. We chose the Chef's table at the edge of the open kitchen and marveled at the innovative food coming from the professional crew under the watchful eye of the young chef who quality assured and orchestrated each dish his team prepared with a loving serious efficiency.I had the lobster consomme for appetizer--which is served iced. You heard right!  Iced.  Delectable pieces of perfectly cooked lobster served with what I can best describe as a lobster consume slushee.  Life changing, and quite a new experience.  Mi esposa linda had the beef tartare, which is served as finger food, and one of the best ever. Ultra fresh delicious meat perfectly seasoned and textured with the thinest wafer crisp underneath.We tried the chicken which was the freshest, juiciest, tastiest I've had in a long time.  The beef tongue with ox-tail jus and a bone marrow popover was perfectly cooked, generously portioned and memorable.  Dessert included an insanely high quality semi-sweet chocolate ganache with maple buckwheat ice cream and buckwheat crispies.  Oh yes.  I had the cucumber sorbet with sour cherries and soured whipped cream.  Mary, sweet mother Jesus: so good!Very nice cocktails--especially the margarita made with sweet carrot juice.  I had a picso cocktail with chamomile and scented honey.  Excellent.The service is friendly and professional. The space is beautiful. Two floors with a high ceiling which keeps the noise level low.  Fantastic music--much like one of my iPod playlists.  Don't miss the bathrooms for a uniquely themed experience.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,7/27/2012,13,4,4,5,3>When it comes to getting my haircut, I'm not big on change.  Once I find someone who cuts my hair right, I never leave them unless I move away or they die.  So it was with great trepidation that I decided to get my hair cut by Brooke.  After all, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.  Well, I'm so glad that I broke my own rule.  Brooke gave me a great haircut, confirmed by the fact that when I got home my wife loved it too.  No more going into the city for  my haircuts.  I'll just walk up the block to The Bird House, so Brooke can work her magic on my sometimes hard to control Jewfro.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,7/26/2012,77,151,5,5,3>Twelve dollars later I had 26 donuts and about 10 satisfied co-workers. For me, it's all about the melt in your mouth glazed donuts.Put Mike's on your donut bucket list. As previously mentioned, the prices are a throwback. Six bucks will get you a bakers dozen in a carton wrapped up with string. The coffee roll is entirely too good to be avoided. It's quite possibly the best I have encountered in my short life. Got milk?
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,7/25/2012,786,1284,17,13,11>HATE ALL YOU WANT, YO. this is the BEST grocery store in all of Williamsburg. yes, i said it. piss on my parade and kiss my arse if you disagree. quite frankly, i don't care.immaculate selection and organization. i've never seen a produce section ever-so bountiful. from lychees, kumquats to organic mizu and bok choy.. am i in a dreamland of asian and american produce? no, it's Foodtown, bitches. excuse my profanity. you have items found in Fairway and your typical generic grocery store. it makes me happy that this can be the ultimate one-stop-shop for me. I end up loading my cart full of groceries without a second thought. shoppers probably think it's foodstamp day for me. NOPE... just excited to shop here. LOL. when you check out- the cashier ask you if this is for DELIVERY. what? are you kidding me right now? you mean... i don't have to take a taxi/car service to my apt? you mean... it's FREE? you mean... it will be delivered to me within ONE HOUR? oh mylanta. my mind is blown.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,9/13/2012,80,552,5,9,4>This evening, as I was chomping on a delicious Pizza Plus vegan pizza with soy pepperoni, spinach and mushrooms, I stared at the wall menu and wondered, "what else can they make vegan?" So I asked the very friendly and helpful counter guy who said, "anything meatless that doesn't have ricotta." Eggplant parmesan can be made with grilled eggplant (no eggy breading) and Daiya mozzarella. Baked ziti with Daiya. Spinach, broccoli, grilled-eggplant rolls, all with Daiya. Occasionally they even have cheese-free whole-wheat veggie ravioli (might have egg, so ask), which they announce on the sidewalk specials board. Ask and you shall recieve! This place really is all about meeting the needs of its customers.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,9/12/2012,1231,1149,4,8,9>Honey Mustard Pizza.Yeah, I said it... I stumbled upon this place while getting chips and beer for a party. I stopped in to grab a slice and saw something that I've never seen before. Honey Mustard Pizza. The pizza consisted of Chicken with honey mustard drizzled all over it. It's like eating chicken fingers to go. Really damn tasty. I'm definitely going to come back and try the other concoctions they have. I saw that they have a Caesar Salad Pizza as well. That's on my next trek.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/11/2012,263,437,12,8,6>Sunday night din din turned into a lovely evening with delicious food at SUD.  When we walked in there was no one in the dining area so I was tempted to run back outside and look at their DOH rating, however I quickly changed my mind when we received a warm and friendly welcome by the staff who escorted us to the cutest little backyard/garden area. It was a quaint lil' thing with some Bob Marley tunes humming in the background.  We had the spinaci salad, ink pasta and the rigatoni which was the special that night.  Everything was tasty and the ink pasta was a bit more al dente than I am used to, but the flavors overrode all of my woes.  So what sets this apart from other Italian restaurants?  The service was impeccable.  We had a really nice and laid back waitress who constantly checked on us without crossing the line of being annoying.  We also received tiramasu on the house.  Great little restaurant on Bedford and perfect for a nice evening.Oh, one more thing.  It seems like the upstairs neighbors have forgotten that they live above a restaurant with an outside dining area.  You may catch a glimpse of one of the tenants without a shirt rubbing his bare chest.  It may be completely awkward or enticing or maybe both.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,9/10/2012,676,794,11,12,7>Watch out for that first sip! It Bites!The Zombie, that is. The frozen Zombie is a blended and fruity concoction with a shot of 151 sneakily poured into your straw so your first sip is a mean mother-shut-yo-mouth. That, and the sugared rim make you lose all sense of dignity as you lick the rim and take greedy gulps. That first sip really just ruined your tastebuds so you think you are drinking something not loaded with liquor and then you stand up and realize you have no legs. But then you look down and think OMG, im still sitting. So, yeah, order another one when you're done. And the first sip will STILL shock the shit out of you. And when you get a little greedy, you decide its okay when your friend orders tiki shots. What can be so bad about those cute little tiki shot glasses?... and the lemon with raw sugar on top?... what's that now? we get marshmallows too? SWEET!....wait, why did the bartender just pour 151 onto the counter... and why is he lighting a match? OMG FIRE!!!! ::gets up and runs::"you're supposed to put the lemon in the fire, asshole"::putting the fire extinguisher down. Hanging up on 911::Oh. okay. So you toast your marhsmallows in the fire, drink the shot and realize... You is drunk gurl. The restroom is in the back. Go pee before you leave. two zombies and a shot is a bladder buster. (dear patty, sorry i peed in your car. Love, Me P.S. It was the Zombie actually, not me.)
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,9/9/2012,101,112,7,7,7>Five Leaves is quite the scene, man.  I've avoided it for a long time because it looked like an annoying hassle.  But I don't know why I took so long to get here. It's actually really worth braving your way through the thick trendy hipster crowd and squeezing your into the rickety, uncomfortable folding chairs in the tiny seating space among the tattoos and outfits, once you are able to get one, that is.  You won't be disappointed, I guarantee.  Unless you come at 2:30, which is way too close to 3 (there's a line, you know), then you're screwed.  Force your hungover self to get up a little earlier.I was so glad I finally tried this place after all the years I've lived in this neighborhood.  The moroccan scramble was out of this world.  I can't even describe it properly, and the menu doesn't either.  Just get here and try this.  Seriously.  It's a mound of utter deliciousness.  Eggs atop chickpeas and avocado and merguez sausage, with an amazing aioli and some mixed greens.  See? It is way better in real life than It lends itself to description.The truffle fries are also quite something.  They are quite strong with truffle flavor and addictive as hell.  Really great home brewed Iced Tea, too.Music was too loud to hear each other in conversation and we had to ask them to turn it down a little.  But they did!  The servers here were very nice all around.The one thing I don't get is how these hipsters squeeze themselves into those tight ass jeans when they are eating in delicious and decidedly UN- diet places like this.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,9/8/2012,92,227,2,4,3>Pros:- big, open space with plenty of room to spread out and chill- high ceilings and exposed brick with gothic light fixtures- nice, long bar with an excellent beer selection- extremely sexy and charming bartender- friendly and witty wait staff- accessible and appealing menu of small plates, comfort fare, and more substantial culinary offerings, all reasonably priced- excellent, diverse playlist to set the mood/rock out toCons:-Looks like I'm all out of cons.  Check this place out, it's dope.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/7/2012,247,599,5,8,5>St. Anselm is what a steakhouse should be - tender juicy steaks, delicious sides and friendly service!After giving up on the two hour wait last weekend, we returned this Saturday about 6:30 pm and snagged the last two seats at the bar (the table wait was already almost an hour).We ordered the $15 steaks in garlic butter, the pan cooked mashed potatoes and the iceberg lettuce salad with bacon dressing (sorry Rabbi!).  The salad was simple and simply delicious. The potatoes were out of this world...a cross between potato pancakes, knishes and home fries. But it was steak we came for and steak we got!  At $15, it is worth the wait that many endure...truth be told it would be worth it at $30 but let's hope they keep the price at $15!  In fact the only suggestion I can offer is to have regular ketchup such as Heinz available for customers who prefer it to their homemade (I assume) ketchup.Other things we liked were the friendly staff and watching the efficiency and care of the cooking staff In front of us.  Also impressive is that they tell you how much the specials cost rather than pulling the old don't say the prices and hope people will be too shy to ask so we can jack them up and that they let you know the sides are big enough for two people to share. Thus, if you are looking for amazing food, friendly service and don't mind eating early or a long wait, this is the place to be!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,9/6/2012,134,243,5,7,7>The chicken biscuit that is served at Tchoup Shop is undoubtedly the best chicken biscuit I've ever eaten in my life, and quite possibly the best thing involving chicken and/or biscuit I've ever eaten in my life, come to think about it.  This thing defies logic.  The chicken is unfathomably tender on the inside, falling apart like the most perfect of braised meats, yet the outside of the chicken is so crispy and saucy and zesty- it's just not fair to other pieces of chicken out there in the world.  The biscuit that it is served on is remarkably buttery and hot and moist.  They tie it all together with hot pepper jelly and cilantro.  While you couldn't make a meal out of the chicken biscuit alone, it is large and satisfying to all the senses- probably the best $7 item that one could purchase on a Sunday afternoon in Brooklyn.  Compliment it with some gumbo, boudin balls, or any of the other exceptionally-right-on items that are served up each weekend at this lovable pop-up restaurant, and you are going to be one happy camper.  Possibly wash it down with some of d.b.a's [ yelp.com/biz/d-b-a-brook ] wonderful adult beverages, and you will likely be re-evaluating your favorite places to hang out in Bucktown.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/5/2012,131,169,5,6,6>I couldn't resist.  The name alone sounds fun!  So as much as I'd like to say that my nephew coaxed me into this delightful candy boutique, I gotta tell ya...the big kid in me swung right into action.  HC is like a dream come true for kids and adults--it's fun and there's a lot to choose from.They offer so much more than nostalgic sweet treats from my childhood like taffy candy and Swedish fish that threaten to pull out my fillings as I fearlessly chew on.  They sell baked items, which I tried.  I picked up their miniature cheesecake in sweet potato and key lime--it was smooth, delectable and not overpoweringly sweet.  And having a taste of the key lime and sweet potato together made for a "sweet-tart" combination--scrumptious.  A back room reveals a brightly-lit space where parents can host a party for their young ones (or for the spirited kid still living inside them, why not).  They also sell artisan ice cream and sorbets.  With flavors like guava, cappucino kahlua calypso, and mango-raspberry, I don't think my summer will be complete without a couple of trips here.  Check out the store's FB & Twitter sites for yummy pics that will be sure to lure you in.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,9/4/2012,93,268,2,9,2>yeah yeah, they have lobster rolls and lobster mac-and-cheese -- you know this already.  but what people seem to overlook is the lobster *dinner*: for $25 you get a whole 1.5 lb lobster, plucked from the tanks moments after you've ordered, plus corn-on-the-cob, cole slaw, and some of the tastiest potato salad i've ever had.  and sure, they don't serve booze, but they don't mind if you BYOB, so just bring some from home or go to the liquor store on the corner while they prepare your meal.  then grab one of the picnic tables (indoors, no need to fret about the cold weather), and about 10 minutes later, they'll bring your lobster feast to you.and then devour that lobster.they provide the proper equipment for cracking the shell, and bibs if you want them, and wetnaps.  i only wish there was a bathroom because i always really need to wash my hands when we're done.but really, there aren't many things that make me as happy as the lobster dinner does.  it's the deliciousness of fresh lobster combined with a casual dining environment so i don't have to feel bad about making a mess, and the BYOB-ness helps keep it a pretty reasonable dinner, all things considered.  i do love both varieties of their lobster rolls, but why spend $16 on something you'll finish in 5 minutes when you can spend $25 on a lobster dining extravaganza?i think i've made my case.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,10/10/2013,144,314,2,3,3>Banafi cake or banoffee cake?  Whatever way  you say it, it tastes slamming.  Once in a while, I love to start my reviews by telling you guys about the sweet stuff.  I had to google this strange-named cake to find out what I was about to involve myself with.  Banana and toffee cake on a bed of chocolate cookie crust topped with whipped cream and chocolate fudge.  I need a remix of this dessert asap.  Being in Williamsburg, Sweetwater definitely had a dive type of feel, with the bar full of yuppies chatting it up.  Even the tables were full with parties of 4 and 5.  I took advantage of the prix fixe menu and had the salad to start.  So fresh and the dressing oh so light.  For entree the pork belly was sublime, easily ripping apart with every forkful.  And who in the world doesn't love garlic mash?I'm always in favor of trying a restaurant that I usually wouldn't gravitate to.Although the customer service was a little slow, that didn't take away from the fact that the man bussing the tables had the most awesome mustache I've seen in a while.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/9/2013,80,552,3,4,4>At Scan-A-Rama, a tiny hole-in-the-wall studio on Surf Avenue off West 12th St, you can get a small statuette of yourself 3D-printed in plastic. You stand on a turntable and rotate slowly for a couple of minutes while the scanner records your entire shape. You see the amazing result of the scan on the monitor. If you're a 6-foot-tall person your statuette will be a little less than 6 inches tall. Unfortunately, because it takes hours to print, you can't go home with your statuette, but it will be mailed to you, shipping included in the price. $60 for 1 person; $100 for 2 or 3 people together.You can pose any way you like--action hero, Greek goddess, fashion model, whatever--as long as you raise your head a little because your face will print best that way. I just put my hands on my hips and tried to be kinda natural. There are many samples on display so you can see how other people's poses came out. Because they're printed in a solid color (choice of 12 colors), the figurines totally remind me of the Rocky Horror scene where Frankenfurter transforms Brad, Janet, etc. into all-white statues with the Medusa Transducer.The technician who runs it isn't just any geek, he's The Great Fredini, formerly of the Coney Island Circus Sideshow. He's been a magician, a sword-swallower, hammered nails into his skull and lit lightbulbs with his hands. So far Scan-A-Rama is open Saturdays 12 to 7 pm. Fred will also be presenting the Scan-A-Rama at World Maker Faire New York (yelp.com/biz/world-maker).
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,10/8/2013,1231,1149,1,9,5>Cheap beers and wide open spaces... Did I mention that they have Bocce!?It seems like Beer Gardens are sprouting up everywhere. I've been to a couple, but this one really stands out. The backyard is HUGE and spacious. Beers are $6 a pint and $24 for a pitcher. The beer selection is awesome and there is something for everyone. Well drinks are $6 which isn't bad at all considering the space.My only gripe about this place is that you CAN'T order or have food in the back. You can only get it and consume it inside. Which isn't a good thing. You have all these people boozed up and hungry. Which they end up going somewhere else for grub. Aside from the no food in the back, this is a great place to grab a drink and escape for a bit.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,10/7/2013,486,517,18,16,15>Any place that allows a twenty eight year old man to get a discount by using his college ID is a special place in my eyes.  I should be getting a discount, I've been going to this place since I've been wetting the bed. Granted that just recently stopped. (I hope. 24 days strong! Thank you Dr. Philman) I mean I've been going here since I was a little kid. Lots has changed over the years but the soul of the place has stayed the same. It's an eclectic museum, which caters to an eclectic gathering, in the most eclectic area of the world, Brooklyn. You can be in the Egyptian Exhibit one minute and then find yourself in the middle of Keith Haring's twisted (an lovely) exhibit of phallic, alien and laser filled pop art the next minute. (Side note, I loved Keith Haring's pop art on the subway tunnel walls going from the DeKalb station over the Manhattan Bridge as a kid. You'd have to grow up here to appreciate it, seeing how it's covered by graffiti now. Never knew till I was older, that the man who made those images was a crazy genius.) The museum is very diverse in it's collection.The museum itself is gorgeous. The outside facade is beautiful. The interior has a sleek modern look. The outside has places to sit down, relax and enjoy a nice day.And how can I forget to mention First Saturdays. It gets better every time I go. Yes, there has been an incline in the number of strollers. (Damn you Park Slope yuppies, with your babies who are destined to become hipsters.) Though it has not been as crowded since they got rid of the dance parties, which were usually held on the 3rd floor or outside. Listen live music is great. A DJ is great. Drinks are great. Food is great. But people do not need to be shaking what their mama gave them in a museum. Makes no sense. Their beer, wine and sangria are well priced. You can't walk around with it wherever you want though. Letting drunks walk around art with beer in their hand would not be a good idea. It can get quite warm at First Saturday, though they do have a coat check, though you have to get there early to use it and early is 5 pm-6pm, so never mind. Dress light. I have seen them close the doors due to capacity. So you may want to make sure you get there by 8:30, besides it closes at 11 and you want get their by 8:30 to see some stuff. It's fun to stare at your friends who are outside and can't get in. Especially when it's cold. I love to text them how it's too warm inside, while sipping on a Stella and waving.So come check out one of Brooklyn's wonders just please leave your dance moves (or lack thereof) at home.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,10/6/2013,20,336,4,5,4>I love Blue Bottle and Stumptown, but I always feel like they are in a competition with one another to see who can burn away my stomach lining first. This is not the case at Toby's. The coffee is smooth, mellow, and at a drinkable temperature as soon as you get it. I've been here twice now and the cappuccino I've gotten each time has been excellent. The crowd is a little obnoxious...I overheard two strangers discussing their poetry writing process, and, I'm not kidding, "their feelings" (ugh), but I am willing to block out that noise while I'm here. I hope I'll get to go back again this weekend and try some of their awesome looking breakfast sandwiches.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,10/5/2013,113,183,1,5,4>Considering that I am, ahem, 'The Duke' of Lucky House a review is indeed in order.  Now as a lifelong Brooklynite, outside of that 3+ years need for a change in Jersey City, I feel I'm a great judge of hoodtastic Chinese fast food.  I've had some horrible experiences right in the neighborhood, to say the least, but Lucky House - fortified with an 'actual' Sue and not just a stereotypical/standard name for the older lady behind the counter/bulletproof glass - makes the search for a decent spot in the Stuy totally worth it.  First off, they have A LOT of tasty vegetarian and vegan options. And they don't charge extra for brown rice.  Technically, that's all I have to say - but I will say more.  The price? Can't beat it.  What they save on not having to pay a delivery dude they make up for on the (relative) quality of the ingredients and the price point.  And they'll even sometimes throw in a lil' something something for free (I really just mean some extra sauce).  Extra-special: the posterboard sign that proclaims them as a the #1 Bed-Stuy chinese restaurant on YELP. Don't judge that negatively. It's dope. Extra-extra-special: they're smart enough to put pictures of their menu on their Yelp page. Honestly, that's what first made me come here.  I love smart restauranteurs.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,10/4/2013,188,214,6,14,11>Wow... definitely a privilege for my 100th review and to think I would reach such a milestone so soon. The Brooklyn Hindu Temple, a place where solace and devotion reside. I've been a member for roughly about 18 years now and will continue to support this temple. At times where I was lost, I have found guidance here. The moments of despair where things might have felt like it was the worst, this is where I sought refuge and found hope. So many values, morals, and ideals have been instilled within my character due to my experiences here; I can and will never forsake my temple. Having being grown and reared by my fellow church members, this temple has shaped a portion of who I am. So many things it has given me, and it asks for nothing in return but complete and selfless devotion in whichever way I could. Whether it be through the medium of music or simply just opening my mouth and joining in simple hymns, there is no requirement or limitations on prayer. A simple reminder, service is usually held on Sunday mornings from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. and major Hindu holidays are usually observed. God does not discriminate and materializes himself/herself in many different forms and ways. There is only one way to immerse yourself in this temple, and that is to come and experience it for yourself. Jai Shri Ram.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,10/3/2013,69,443,4,6,4>Overall I was very impressed with this spot. Authentic Sicilian food in your old school atmosphere, with old school service to boot. (You want to fold my napkin for me? Pull out my chair? Sure..any day!)They still give bread before the meal and some good foccaccia with the mandatory olive oil. I caught the prixe fix deal which is totally worth it if you can swing in for an early bird special because its under $30 for 3 courses (Hey, I am a little old lady at heart!) I had a great beet salad, but I enjoyed the Caprese moreso because the mozzarella was really fresh. I had the veal with eggplant, it had fontina on it, but really just tasted like parmigiana, which was fine with me. Thinly pounded veal and a quality red sauce, which I have only found at a handful of places (snooty Italian, I know!). Dessert was great, everyone I was with was jealous of my Tortino and regretted not ordering it. I'll admit, its confusing-Tartufo, Tortoni...but this one is basically a warm brownie with ice cream on the side , drizzled with raspberry sauce. It was the perfect sweet ending to a very satisfying meal.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/2/2013,93,96,4,5,4>I JUST LOVED this place.The flavors were so inventive and creative and bold and fresh.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers and entrees and shared everything.  Every single bite seemed to taste different and there was so much happening but it kept us in line....as in, the meals and dishes didn't feel like they were all over the place.The best part is that the drinks seemed to pair with our dishes perfectly - effortlessly.  I JUST LOOOOOVED this place.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,10/1/2013,15,171,2,3,2>This place is stellar. I may not be getting this right, since I'm not here every day, but it seems like every day they make something completely different. Enormous meatball sandwiches, pizza drizzled with housemade chili oil, chocolate-covered figs that had to have come from someone's fig tree, because they were delicious on Monday and like shoe leather on Thursday.Some things here feel overpriced, or maybe it would be better to say *malapportioned*. Yes, the meatball sub is $12. It is also large enough to cover two meals. It's not Burger King. You don't get to have it your way. It *is* extremely good eating, different every day, and you don't have to wear a tie. Color me sold.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,3/31/2012,157,490,14,34,29>It seemed like a comic routine.Me: Shoti Puri?Server: Finished. 30 minutesAfter one hour, I show up againMe: Bread?Server (laughing): We have no more. We did two cycles. Both sold out. Come in 30 minutes.I show up promptly before the 30 minutes are up, to see what's going on. No kidding. The line is 6 deep already, and one Georgian guy is buying 6 loaves of the large bread ($2 apiece), but the baker Badri has kept one piece separate for me. "I save one for you, sir." I thank him sincerely, take the bread, with the Lobio (red beans, tomatoes, garlic, onions) and Espanakhi (spinach + garlic) dips and walk towards Brighton Beach. But, it's a moment that stays with me.I was first here two weeks back, and bought a $ 6 Khacha Puri bread. We barely exchanged two words, and it appeared to me that language was a barrier. I pointed towards the sign that said Khacha Puri, he went back, put a piece in a brown bag, covered it with plastic and handed to me. I paid for it and hoped it would not be cold, or waiting for long. I decided to test the temperature by eating a piece and almost burned the roof of my mouth! It was as hot as if it had just been pulled out of the oven a few seconds back. The bread was delicious, crisp at the edges, soft in the center, but highlights the three cheeses more than the bread. Having tried one version of this at Pirosmani a couple of months back, there was no doubt in my mind that this was an infinitely superior version of the basic Khacha Puri.Yet, today, both Badri and his assistant were making the effort to speak in full sentences, not monosyllables, having connected with me at a human level - and seen my respect for their craft and courtesy. It's the same experience I've had in Paris, where I've forced people to speak in English, having earlier pretended not to know the language, once they were convinced of my sincerity.The remaining challenge is where to eat: there's no space at the bakery. The premises consist of merely the oven(s) and the counter, with a refrigerator carrying a few basic drinks: like the carbonated water Borjomi. One can walk to the beach, but in that 15 minutes, the moisture (from the trapped heat) within the brown bag is likely to soften the bread... so, you'd either be prepared to sit in a car and eat, or start eating as you walk! But you might as well start eating the long Shoti Puri... given the shape and length of the bread, and enclosure in a brown bag the cops swarming the Brighton Beach are likely to view you with suspicion, otherwise.But, if you like bread as much as I do - do make the effort to try out Georgian Bread. The similarities between Badri and Dom Di Marco weren't lost on me: Both having practiced their craft for many decades, having an obsessive desire to do everything themselves, a slavish devotion to the oven, and in serving fresh and tasteful food - with both now weary from the effort entailed.  It's only a matter of time when they shut shop with the one thing sustaining the two being the pride they take in their work. Please pay them the respect that they deserve.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,3/30/2012,487,973,6,6,7>STEAK!I've been working my way through the NYC steak houses, and I've found a few I really love (Delmonico's), but nothing compares to the old world charm of Peter Luger!  Here are my tips: Plan ahead and make a reservation..you may even wait up to a month.  Since the restaurant is in South Williamsburg, it's not the easiest place to get to...no matter what borough you're in, treat yourself to a cab both ways. Bring CASH, and lots of it! The restaurant is quite a throw back only accepting cash.  Look at the menu beforehand online and pick out your sides.  It seems only newbies and tourists ask for a menu.  You're there for steak, just order steak.  If you're two people, it's "Steak for Two," if you're four people it's "Steak for Four."  Got it?Definitely order the Onion Rings.  It's more like onion strings all piled on a plate.  Super yummy.And now my favorite parts:The restaurant itself looks like a Bavarian Pub inside...I was waiting for Gaston from Beauty and the Beast to break out in song at any moment.  Each person at the table gets their own butter patty...I love that!  The bread isn't served warm, but it's still good.  Just don't fill up on bread. The Jumbo Shrimp...so fresh, so tasty!  Awesome service...the waiters are all outstanding, and so professional.  Love their little bow ties, too! The steak really did blow my mind...served on a huge plate sizzling with melted butter.  I am actually getting way too excited right now thinking about it...ha.  My friend and I actually finished our steak for two, and just barely had room for dessert...but so glad we ordered the Chocolate Mousse cake with a side of Schlag (their special homemade whipped cream).  SOOOO good!  If you can't tell, I had an amazing meal and a great culinary experience at Peter Luger.  Cannot wait to go back!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,3/29/2012,263,437,7,10,12>After stepping into this bar, all I could hear was  the Ray Lamontagne song Trouble in the back of my head. "Trouble, Trouble, Trouble, Trouble"  This sleek, sexy, perfectly lit bar is only a block away from my crib? Yikes!  Great selection of bottled beers, and wine and beer on tap. I ordered a bourbon and lemonade and the bartender didn't have lemonade or sour so he whipped me up his own version of a lemonade and allowed me to sample it.  Score.  His concoction was spot on.  Happy hour is every day until 8pm and they will be serving food soon.  Yeah.  I'm in trouble.  I see lots of visits here in my future.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/28/2012,636,1575,4,7,6>You know it's not everyday that a restaurant surprises you in so many special little ways as Santos Anne did me.  Maybe it was on a short walk towards destinations unknown, a gorgeous Saturday night unfolding in front of us, and our hearts open?  Maybe it was the funny & friendly owner who peaked out the door of this spot that we almost walked right by?  We explained to him we had been thinking of pizza and he offered some very clever alternatives.  Perhaps you'd like to sing tonight?  We asked if he had heard of the famous Grammy nominee Jennifer Fingers, a good friend of ours.  He hadn't but offered us a table instead.Walking in all smiles, we are surrounded by happy Breukelleners, some at the bar chatting with the bartender, and others scattered about at the many cute tables.  The first thing I notice is the decor, lime green walls and bright red pillows.  Something about it was really sexy.  The owner then offers us possibly the best table in the house, right next to the raised music set.  Sweet!We sit down, and begin looking at our menu very casually.  It's amazing how this boro slows you down almost imperceptibly, and while you're not in a hurry, you notice little things.  Like the laughter at the table next to you, or the waiters and how friendly they are.  While we're pondering what we might imbibe, a few musical fellows make their way up the tiny stairs behind us and setup to begin playing.  I order tacos, and ceviche for my nameless damsel or is searching for words, and being all of shyness extraordinaire.  I also a tecate for me, and muscle her into a mulled wine knowing full well she would love it.  Who doesn't like mulled wine?As our food order makes it's way from notepad to kitchen, Greg Green and his band begin playing and treating our grateful ears.  Jamaican Jazz sure makes a sweet sound for a non-date date, one of those where you just wanna have a really good time, letting life go whichever serendipitous way it might.  If I haven't gushed enough already, your guess is spot on to say that the food matched the quality of this restaurant in every other way, and that is sumptuous.  Delicious.  Delightful.  Memorable.  Really kinda perfect.I'd go back to this spot in a second, and I'd line up to take your date here now, before this little secret becomes less of one.  You know how wildfires travel in NYC.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,3/27/2012,320,397,17,14,11>When you're a high powered designer socialite astronaut writer like myself you get invited to a lot of dinner parties and you gotta bring something even when you aren't asked to. Chips? Guacamole? A sixer of Pork Slap?No you heathen. Sweet berry wine!What this place lacks in size it makes up for in careful selections and varieties from almost every region of the world except central Ohio (shittiest wines ever). I've found everything from light Greek wines, super oakey Napas, explosive Spaniards and an array of French wines that would humble even the most snooty Parisian.Not really shoppin for wine? They also carry a small selection of rums, gins, whiskies, liqueurs and other odds and ends that only your mustachioed cocktail nerd friends know what to do with. If you want some real badass points buy one of the little bottles of moonshine for your back pocket. I recommend pairing it with a large beard, some flannel and a Fleet Foxes album.Prices range anywhere from $8 to $LOL so there's something for every budget and trust fund.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/26/2012,476,542,26,41,34>Forcella is the creation of Giulio Adriani, a four time pizza world champion with a passion for what pizza truly is: a delicious, light dish that should just scream simplicity. A dish cooked in a way that you can taste every single ingredient in it.Almost everything here either comes straight from Italy or is made directly here: the oven comes from Naples; the flour is Caputo flour from Italy; the tomatoes used for the sauce are imported from Italy; the the mozzarella is made at Forcella, just like the bread that they bring to your table.The ambiance is simple: exposed bricks on one wall, decorated with large mirrors encased in heavy wooden frames; a white wall with various pizza-and Naples-themed pictures and paintings on the opposite side; the wonderful mosaic-tiled oven takes center stage at the front, in the open kitchen. Overall the vibe is rustic and homey.Our late Saturday lunch at Forcella started with a Mozzarella in Carrozza (special of the day; $4): a slice of fresh mozzarella is put on top of a French toast-like slice of bread and the whole dipped in egg batter and fried; served with arugula and cherry tomatoes[1]The pizza menu is divided in "pizze rosse" (with tomato sauce), "pizze bianche" (without tomato sauce) and "pizze fritte" (lightly fried and baked).The Margherita Regina (margherita with cherry tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella; $15) is a thing of beauty: a very lightly charred pie that is baked in the oven just 60 to 75 seconds. The result is a pie that is wonderfully chewy and that allows you to taste the delicious tomato sauce and the delicacy of the buffalo mozzarella to their fullest.The dough for the Montanara (lightly fried and baked pizza margherita; $10) is let to rise for 48 hours, which is double the time for a normal dough. The dough is then briefly fried for 30-40", toppings are added, and it is finally  put in the oven for another 30-40". The result is a golden-looking pizza that has still an airy and fluffy consistency, but with a slightly crispy texture that is surprisingly delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the pizza fritta, and I still prefer the classic pizza at Forcella. Still, I would certainly encourage you to try a Montanara.Service was stellar: our waiter, Francesco, comes from a small village close to Venice, where I'm from, and as soon as I recognized his accent we immediately started talking. He was attentive, very friendly, and enthusiastic about his work[2].At the end of our meal, Francesco treated us to a complimentary Millefoglie dessert ($7 on the menu): extra-thin layers of puff pastry encased in a mascarpone-based pastry cream[3] with a hint of orange and chocolate drizzled on top.Our lunch for two of a mozzarella in carrozza, two pizzas, and a millefoglie was definitely A LOT of food. The fried pizza is slightly smaller than the normal pizza, but they are both individual size pizzas. I recommend coming here very hungry and trying at least two different pizzas and a couple of other dishes.-------------------------------[1] This version is slightly different to the one I used to eat while growing up in Venice, which was a piece of mozzarella stuffed with ham and anchovies, and deep fried in egg batter, without any bread.[2] Good luck with the TOEFL, Francesco![3] The pastry cream is similar to that of tiramisu', but lighter.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2011,3/25/2012,521,449,4,10,9>I've had Manhattanites tell me beer is for Brooklynites.And however you may personally interpret this potentially loaded statement, 61 Local would certainly smile and simply take this as a compliment.With both beer and Brooklyn pride on full display, behind the bar is a giant chalkboard in the shape of Kings County, the names of almost-exclusively New York brews available on tap scrawled across every inch. Surrounding this huge block of BK wall art are outlined neighboring regions and states, disproportionately smaller than the featured borough front and center. Yes, even Manhattan - appearing here no bigger than the size of Coney Island.From Sixpoint to Southampton, Ithaca to Ommegang, 61 Local's got you covered with Empire State favorites, all pints at a pour of no more than $8 (bring your bills, it's cash only). New York State wines are also available, as are local specialty sodas and coffees for the non-drinking crowd. And yes, that's most definitely a Beer Float on the menu - Ommegang Abbey Ale (a delicious and recommended selection all its own) topped with Steve's vanilla bean ice cream.A series of sandwiches, sweet and salty snacks, and cheese plates are served as well, making this a truly well-rounded beer-lovers' experience. I ordered The Mozzilla Grilled Cheese (DiBruno's fresh mozzarella and pesto on focaccia), a $6 sandwich sliced into three pieces, best enjoyed when dipped into the ramekin of tomato sauce with which it's served. For such a simple selection, mind you, expect to wait a while for food, as it naturally plays second fiddle to fillin' pints and kickin' kegs.The high ceilings, exposed brick, picnic table seating, and water-cooler light fixtures (not to mention, the thirty-second walk from the Bergen St. subway station) allow for a very convenient, comfortable communal drinking environment, much-appreciated breathing room not exactly easy to come by around these parts. Sure, beer may be for Brooklynites, but if so, it can beat running into hammered hussies bouncing around crowded Manhattan clubs spilling cocktails on their own stilettos. And don't get me wrong, there are nights for such hussies. But with that not always on the agenda, 61 Local can be just the right speed.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,3/24/2012,375,266,,3,3>Absolutely LOVE this place!First the decor.  It is dimly light with creative wall paper on the walls, aged wooden tables, and sconces on the walls.  There are decorative lights dangling as well.  Cute and cozy!The crowd is laid back.  A mix of different people just like the music.  The servers are always friendly and attentive!  A plus!My absolute favorite dish to get is the devlied eggs.  Everyday there is a new flavor.  From what I can remember I've had the veggie and chipotle eggs.  Yum!  They are always perfect and are 3 to an app.  Delish!The buffalo chicken wings!  Spicy!  Now if you like heat and I do mean HEAT, go for it!  They will knock your socks off!  They come with a dipping sauce that I suppose should cool the wings down.  Yeah, no.  They are spicy!  (There is a beer and wings special for about $10!)The burgers are great as well with a variety of fixings that you can add.  The fries are handcut and homemade.  Very, very good with some ketchup.  Even the roll is good!  The serving is large so come with an empty stomach.There are different beers on tap and speciality drinks that are tasty!Maggie's is a gem!  Definitely a go to over and over again kind of place!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,3/23/2012,93,122,5,8,5>Possibly my new favorite brunch spot in Brooklyn. We came here to treat a friend for his birthday. It was a weekday, so it was relatively quiet when we were there. The decor is charming from what I saw; but since we dined outside, I didn't get to enjoy it too much. While there, we ordered the Stone Park BLT, Steak Sandwich, and a few beers. There was a third sandwich that I currently cant recall, but I do remember everything being delicious. The BLT wasn't exactly what I expected. In actuality it featured a wonderfully cooked cut of pork belly, not slices of bacon; loved it. I also had a taste of the birthday boy's steak sandwich; loved it as well. Beefy, tender, and juicy; it everything I could ask for in a good sandwich. After cleaning our plates, we were ready to throw in the towel. Surprisingly though, our waiter brought out complimentary desserts after hearing about our friend's birthday. This may have been the first time I've ever experienced this. I can only wish to receive the same treatment for my birthday. Anyway, we were given a cappucino cheesecake, lemon tart, and chocolate pudding. The entire party agreed that the pudding was the best, but then again, everything tastes good when it's free. Needless to say, I fell in love with this place. I still have yet to try their dinner menu, but I definitely will do so in the future. Bravo, Stone Park Cafe, you'll forever have a place in my heart.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/22/2012,141,211,3,7,6>I feel a hunger, it's a hunger......take me home to tonight!!!!  I just found my go to spot for Southern food in the city.  Totally worth the trek out to BK when you need some authentic down south soul food.Ironically, I made the trek out to Foster's the day before Thanksgiving, 5 hours before I was to hop on a flight back to Louisiana for the holiday weekend.  I had extra time to burn and what better way to start my trip back home than with a meal fit for a Dirty Coaster.Shockingly my favorite item wasn't a main dish, but a little side dish.  The potato salad!  I've noticed a lot of places screw this little dish up.  Not enough vinegar!  Strangely enough, despite the lack of a lot of mayonaise, this was some of the best potato salad i've had.On to the main event.  I had fried chicken, collard greens, and mac&cheese.  Yeah I kept it simple.  Everything was incredible.  I think I like the chicken at Foster's more than at Charles Pan Fried in Harlem.  The skin was golden brown crispy, and the meat was perfectly moist and tender.  No funking around here, it's done right.  The collard greens are on point too.  This is what makes eating vegetables fun.  Soaked in its own juices, throw in a little bit of vinegar.  Hook a dude up with a lot of Vitamin K and Vitamin A yo!  I could seriously eat the collard greens all day!!!!(Took a break from writing, to go eat....I made myself really hungry writing this review)Crazily, the mac and cheese was an afterthought after the collard greens.  Yeah it's still amazingly good.  Slightly light on the cheese, but still gooooood.Oh, yeah....let's not forget the cornbread.  Good cornbread has a nice harder exterior and soft moist inside.  It's like every piece was the corner piece in the baking pan, where you get an extra corner of the harder exterior.Who needs to geaux home, when I can geaux to Foster's!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/25/2012,25,124,,6,4>I'm not usually a cocktail person. When I go out for a drink, it's usually for an ice cold pint or a nice glass of wine (or sometimes a weak beer or a cheap glass on wine, depending on the budget and mood). However, I make an exception at Blueprint.Happy hour is $2 off house cocktails from 4-7, which is a pretty good deal considering that their cocktails are cheaper than in Manhattan anyway. I can get a well-made cocktail for $8? Sign me up! While I've never had any of their food, their drinks are always prepared with care and attention to detail. The diverse cocktail list has everything from the usual dark & stormy to some delicious house creations. Personal favorites are The London Bootleg with a nice balance of gin and grapefruit, and the Kickstarter, which features espresso and coffee bitters. Hooray for being able to get an energy fix without resorting to Red Bull (shudder). Suspender-clad bartenders, a friendly waitstaff and a cozy space that is intimate without being claustrophobic round out a really great happy hour. So get to it!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,11/24/2012,247,599,,10,7>What do you get when two knowledgeable Turkish cousins take over a Turkish restaurant and a Medical Building on the canal in Sheepshead Bay and gut the whole thing? Well at least this time you get a hybrid of an authentic Turkish cafe and lounge that also offers some traditional American entrees such as pancakes, croissants, baked stuffed potatoes, buffalo wings and chicken nuggets on the kids menu.  The restaurant itself is spacious and exquisitely decorated with furniture and furnishings imported from Turkey. You have a choice of sitting in booths or at tables with comfortable cushioned chairs. The atmosphere is quite middle eastern...comfortable and welcoming.I was fortunate to visit Opera today with one of my Turkish friends who knew just what to order....though too much of it!  We began with a very fresh Coban Salad (also known as shepherd or Israeli salad by many).  We then split a cheese and a meat Gozlemeler which are like a panini lavash. And finally we had one of the house specialties, Inegol Kopte which are cigar shaped ground lamb served with Turkish beans. Oh I should also mention that they serve you warm Turkish bread that is quite delicious.The menu contains many traditional Turkish specialties such as Simit (Turkish style sesame seed bagels), boreks, and kebabs but i was told that their best seller so far has been the Lamb Shank.The service staff seems to still be in the learning mode but the owners are there to be sure things run smoothly. Prices are average for the area.  So my recommendation is that you head to Sheepshead Bay this summer before this new restaurant becomes better known and develops long waits to get in!UPDATE: Post Sandy the restaurant was rebuilt even nicer, the food is excellent (try the grilled chicken salad) and the service has improved dramatically!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,11/23/2012,15,149,,5,4>Just had dinner here and was blown away. The exterior looks a little questionable but the interior is gorgeous. My friend and I started with the fried green tomatoes and chilled bay scallop and watermelon salad with champagne-honey vinaigrette & cilantro. The watermelon salad was light and refreshing. I'm seriously going to try to replicate it some time soon. For entree's we had a special short ribs (pork) dish and chile marinated shrimp with sweet corn-hominy grits & scallions. Everything was seasoned properly and plated beautifully.Our waiter was cute, tanned, and awesome. The restrooms were single rooms and tight (small) as hell but whateves.My only negative was the drink. I had the "Louisville" something or other and it was a bit watered down.I'll def be back :-)
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,11/22/2012,307,1212,2,4,2>The pumpkin apple walnut muffin is one of the best things I've ever eaten.Cozy shop, super nice people.Also, buy a dozen muffins and you get one free!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/21/2012,43,47,18,7,5>Ugh, I have a hangover, I feel awful, why is my friend making me leave Park Slope for brunch?I hate the G train.It's hot out, I'm so sweaty from the trip.Who puts Brie in pancakes? Why would you do that?Corn beef hash is for old, drunk Irishmen.Oh my god, why have I never put Brie in pancakes before?Oh my god, I'm a young, drunk Irishwoman.  Corn beef hash is amazeballs.I want to live here.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,11/20/2012,41,88,6,8,7>I have found a place for the best lava cake! Yes, better than Spot dessert bar! As much as I love the chocolate greentea lava cake itself and the presentation from Spot, this place has won my heart! It's a chocolate lava cake served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Like I have mentioned in my previous review for Chikalicious, I'm not a big a fan of vanilla ice cream but this vanilla paired really well with the lava cake.  The lava cake, omg, it was perfect, not as sweet as the one from Spot, that means I CAN HAVE THIS ALL ON MY OWN!  By the way, lava cake in chinese stands for "heart too soft" so cute!  I devoured the cake to the very last bite! If the staff wasn't there, I think I would have licked the plate... I also tried one of their specials, Jasmine Tea Cake, it was more of a hard jello than cake.  Can't say I would want it again.  It was light and easy too eat but that's not dessert in my book.Milk Tea Creme Brulee, it was delicious but I wouldn't want the whole thing to myself.  If you're a creme brulee fan, you should try it and they have other flavors too.Souffle, I really like the top crispy part.  A little too eggy for me, reminds me of the paper muffin at those chinese bakeries.  It felt like I was eating nothing LOL, it was so fluffy!Cofftea, half coffee half milk tea, DELICIOUS! The waitress is really friendly.  The location of this place is amazing.  It's like in 8th avenue, do not know how I ever missed this place!  It was emptied when I was here on a Sunday night but it didn't feel awkward.  Definitely coming back for the lava cake!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,11/19/2012,196,61,8,14,13>WTF man, why is your coffee so freaking delicious??? I'm always looking to try great coffee, so I found this place by reading reviews on yelp. Took a nice stroll to WTF today and was not disappointed! In fact, my socks were indeed knocked off.Seeing the siphon pots and what looked like cold brew extractors while watching the barista make a "pour over" coffee for another patron was a bit intimidating (and super thrilling) for me and I couldn't think. Contrary to what some people wrote, the baristas were really nice and helpful. One of the baristas helped me decide on a cappuccino, since I wasn't sure about what to get (again, I was flustered and overexcited). The cappuccino was $4.25, and he gave me $1 back in change when I gave him a $5 bill. That was really nice of him, so I used it for tip. The other barista brought over an iced water without me even asking. Back to the cappuccino. It was just perfect - smooth, creamy, and no bitter aftertaste. I was so happy sipping it that it brought a smile to my face. Yes, great coffee makes me that happy. The coffee art was also nice, which was a pleasant surprise. I got a pretty leaf to prepare me for fall :)
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,11/18/2012,121,334,,14,13>My friend and I wanted to go camping, but we couldn't, so we opted for the next best thing...  and it was truly satisfying!  I had been here once before (a long time ago), and I liked it even more this time around.The drinks specials until 7:00 cannot be beat:  three-dollar well drinks and four-dollar beers.  Um, am I in New York City, or am I back home in Indiana??  Seriously!  And when I walked in at 6:58, the bartender immediately hopped over to me and said, "You have two minutes left until happy hour ends!  What would you like?"  I think that the fact that she went through this extra effort really says a lot.  Once my friend arrived, we relocated from the bar to the back area, which is really eclectic!  It looks like a cabin, with wooden walls.  It was totally decked out in Halloween stuff (I'm such a sucker for holidays!) and it was just really relaxed and chill, with super comfy furniture.  I also have never gotten such generous wine pourings.  The special martinis are great.  Go for the dirty girl scout if it's your first time here.  You know you want to.  Also, get that platter of s'mores.  Our waitress was great about refilling our sterno when we ran out, so we were constantly fueled and filled with sugar.  Bliss. Be aware, though, that the only food item on the menu is the s'mores.  You can, however, order in, and the bar will supply you with all of the local menus.  Too cool.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,11/17/2012,244,1334,,3,3>I'm not a pizza expert but I know when I've stumbled upon something great. Best Pizza offers tasty slices (I've tried the plain and the white), and a delicious, filling meatball sub. I also know when an establishment offers amazing customer service because I leave the place feeling very happy. Even if the food is good, if the friendly service isn't there, it's easy to feel like you just wasted your money. At Best Pizza, they welcomed us with a smile, asked us if we wanted all of our food together because the meatball sub was going to take a little longer than the pizza, and they thanked us for coming, and told us to have a good night. I may have just found my go-to pizza place.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,11/16/2012,79,539,4,9,4>Nothing bad to say because this thrift store is awesome. I walked in, took a deep breath, and proceeded to immerse myself in the racks of clothes. Everything is either $5, $7, or $10 and the jackets are around the same price. Men's and women's shoes are $15 approx and legit, everything is in decent condition and pretty cool. I walked around the store with a handful of t-shirts, sweaters, even men's shoes and eventually bought nothing because I was a bit overwhelmed and wanted a reason to come back (doesn't make sense but it's what I do, okay?)For men, this thrift store is probably the best in brooklyn and manhattan, in terms of selection and just the sheer amount of vintage men's apparel. I spotted tons of army jackets, basketball jerseys and leather jackets as well.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,2/17/2013,263,437,28,21,8>Not trying to be all melodramatic but I think I actually gasped when I stepped into Urban Jungle.  This is a consignment shopper's heaven. It's huge, it's kitschy, it's organized, and it's stupid inexpensive.  I ended up getting 2 dresses and a skirt for $24.  Let the choir say Amen! A mad man must have went crazy one day and snatched up a bunch of stuff b/c you are not allowed to go in the dressing room with any bags. That includes purses. There are signs posted everywhere about this and I even saw one sign saying that they'll call the cops. It's all a bit too draconian for me. You have to hand it off to the cashier and I don't know those employees from a can of paint. They might want to steal my millions. (And by millions I mean the $23 that I spent for my items).  Another thing is that you have to step outside of the dressing room to look at the mirrors.  Ya know, clothes shopping can be a very intimate affair and sometimes what you put on can just look outright scary.  I don't need to share that experience with every hipster in the room. I can overlook all that stuff though, because it kinda rocks in there. So next time maybe I'll just carry a change purse and smuggle a full length mirror into the dressing room.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/16/2013,171,153,5,6,3>It's about time I've reviewed Sottocasa as I've been coming here a few times a month since they opened. This is a classic NEOPOLITAN pie and one of the best I've had-- the crust is delicious with a slight char adding a nice layer of texture to the pizza, with a perfect balance of crust, cheese, and sauce. They serve one whole pie which is maybe 12 inches-- I'd suggest ordering 1 pizza per person. Don't try to split it or you might end up going home hungry. Many reviewers complain of soggy/wet but that is typical neopolitan (I'm not sure if it's the heat from the wood oven that causes the sauce and cheese to pool in the center of the pizza, but I've never had neopolitan done any other way).  I personally really enjoy the liquidy/molten center where there's the perfect mix of mozzarella and tomatoes blended into one that leads to a divine flavor explosion-- mm, delish!! At this point, I've eaten my way through the entire menu-- with my favorites being the Classic Margherita, the Laura and the Calzone. They offer delivery, which I was at first skeptical and afraid that the with the heat in a closed box, it would cause the crust to lose its crunch- but it didn't! It also might be due to the fact that I live so close and they only had to walk two blocks to my place but they always deliver within 15-30 minutes? I'm sure if it took longer for delivery, the crust could potentially be compromised. It's not my absolute favorite pizza (Lucalis still holds the #1 spot for me) however it does deserve 5 stars for convenience(you won't have to wait 2+ hours to eat here), close proximity to my apartment, option for delivery, amazing waitstaff, good wine and imported italian beer and lastly, they have a great outdoor space which is perfect for warmer days.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,2/15/2013,1231,1149,10,12,11>If you know me. Things paired up with BYOB makes me EXTREMELY HAPPY. Pairing your favorite drank with TACOS. Is one of my all time favorites!This place has it all...Brooklyn.Good Food.BYOB.Fresh Tortillas. Fresh Tortillas..FRESH TORTILLAS! You are eating inside the garage of a Tortilla Factory. It doesn't get any fresher than this. The food is cheap and you get a lot for you buck. My suggestion is to bring a 40oz and order away. You would spend about $15 for two people and it's a lot of food.  Definitely a place to chill and kind of get away from it all... Well that's how I feel when i'm there.If you don't like the place. I will be running you over with the forklift they have in the garage. Just saying....
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/14/2013,70,91,4,7,5>There is abs nothing like a Mimis manicure and pedicure.  I love this place.My sister turned me onto them and I turned several other friends into Mimis lovers as well.The Salon is CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN, they have three locations all within 10 blocks, whichever one you pick its sure to be spotless.The employees are amazing and Mimi and her husband treat you as if you've known them all your life, they greet you with a signature "HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII" and say goodbye with a signature "BYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" i laugh a little every time its so cute.The employees are all young so they like to try fun things on your nails upon your request especially Helen!A manicure pedicure costs 25$ which is a tad costly for the Brooklyn area but honestly you pay for what you get and this is quality.I always splurge and get an hr spa pedicure for 35$ which id willingly pay any price for after a long week. Its a never ending brigade of creams, oils, scrubs, exfoliates, hot stones, etc etc etc etc. The girls always take their time and give you what you pay for.I love this place and i recommend it to everyone!My dads 6'5 a big man and he frequents mimis for a pedicure they love him there! Next mission get my bf there for his first pedicure.Oh FYI they do not like to put tips on credit cards so bring some extra cash**
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/13/2013,40,170,3,5,4>I've been here twice with my friends and both times the food was delicious and service was the best! This place is always nice and quiet because it's sort of a great restaurant that we like to keep hidden from everyone. The first time my friends and I came here, the guy was very nice, describing the dishes to us and making recommendations. We ended up getting the Saltah, which was good, but it may be a bit gamey for some people. We also got the Yemeni Omlette, which comes with clay oven bread. I definitely recommend it! The bread is very fresh and served nice and warm. Great dinner! The second time we went, we ended up getting the Glabah Lamb, Curry Yamaani, Shrimp Fahsah and Agda Lamb. Everything was really good and the Glabah Lamb was a favorite at the table; even my friend who doesn't like lamb said it was good! I absolutely love this place and will definitely be back.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/12/2013,41,106,4,4,2>This is my absolute favorite bakery in the area. This was a huge problem when they shut down my train station and I had to start getting off a stop earlier and walking past this bakery every single day after work and try not to go in and buy a cake. THIS WAS A HUGE PROBLEM I TELL YOU.Why? Because everything in this goddamn bakery is so goddamn good it makes me want to push all of the children waiting around for cupcakes out of the way and jump on the counter then eat my way out of the cake counter like a facehugger from Alien busting outta some guy's chest. I always get my birthday cakes here because it's too goddamn good to pass up. The Strawberry cake is gorgeous, the Brooklyn Cream cake is to die for, the Red Velvet is perfect, the Brooklyn Blackout makes me weep (and I don't even like chocolate cake and yet THIS one is amazing), even the plain ass Vanilla cakes are covered in gorgeous flowers and taste like a goddamn angel. The cupcakes and cookies are fresh and soft, the petit fours are actually worth eating...   In conclusion: Ladybird Bakery A+++++++++++++++++ WOULD BUY FROM AGAIN
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/11/2013,85,517,7,6,6>Zero atmosphere. Minimal menu. Total gem. Decor this spare is good insulation from cool people.The noodles are airy and springy and pretty good. The broth is simple (lots of chili oil and vinegar). The combination is transcendant when everything is really hot.Get the spicy sauce. Get the crispy meat soup (cracklings, intestine, etc.). A rich spiciness without being overpowering or sharp. Some people complain about the wait. Visit at off peak hours.Someone else says that you must have small town beer goggles if you like this place. The insinuation, I think, is that after you've been in NYC for a while, you realize that this place sucks? Well, I grew up here and this place is awesome. But I'm just an idiot with perpetual beer goggles.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/10/2013,486,517,7,10,8>For my 100th review I have choosen Queen. Why? Because I have been going to this place since I wore diapers. (And I still would if society didn't have such a problem with it) This place is amazing. Best Italian in all of Brooklyn as far as I'm concerned. My family always comes here at least once a year, Birthdays, Fathers Day, Mothers Day. It never gets old, not even my father's usual corny joke "Getting the gnocchi again?" It's gotten to a point I don't get it when I'm with my family but you better believe I get it when I don't come with them. Let start of with their famous bread basket which comes with olive oil (and butter if you awkwardly request it......mom). It's warm and delicious. I can't express enough how great it is. The best if the pizza focaccia bread. I patiently wait to make sure everyone has had one piece or until someone states they will not be having any, and then I pounce for more. There are so many great dishes. The veal baked with baby eggplant and fontina cheese is a must try. In fact this place specializes in veal and eggplant dishes. The risotto alla sicillano is superb. Of course the gnocchi is fabulous and is my favorite here. For dessert I almost always get the chocolate tortino, which is served with vanilla ice cream and a raspberry sauce. Ask them to make sure the tortino is nice and warm when they bring it out. If you come before 6:30 you can get the price fixed menu for $28.50. Great deal.Please come by and discover the wonderment that is Queen.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/9/2013,172,188,2,4,3>Brooklyn Flea in the One Hansen Place building is something to have on a bucket list. If you have a lazy Sunday available for adventuring this would be an activity I strongly suggest. The building has been around for years and the flea market is spread out on what seems like 3 different floors with everything from holiday chatchkes to vintage turkish rugs -- they even have the food vendors downstairs too! I came in a few weeks ago to check out the scene and grab a bite to eat. That being said in the upcoming weeks there is definitely more exploring to be had! On another note -- the offshoots in the lot in Williamsburg and the market truly devoted to food (Schmorgasburg) both in Williamsburg and DUMBO are amazinnnnnnnnnggggggggggg.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,2/8/2013,307,1212,6,6,5>I am now fat.Why I thought sharing 1.5 lbs of meat and two sides with just one other person was a good idea, I'll never know. But I do not regret it for a second.Been meaning to come here for about a year, since the first time I passed by it, but never had the time. Was finally able to block out a Friday night and got on line. It was early (7:30-ish), and the wait to get to the meat station was about half an hour.Sadly, they didn't have the pork belly that I hear so much about. Instead, we gorged on brisket, pork cheek, pulled pork, sausage, baked beans and broccoli salad. Let's start from top to bottom...1) Brisket was amazing. So deliciously fatty and rich, but it basically melted in your mouth. Nothing else came close to it.2) Pork cheek was pretty good. Crispy but not as flavorful as the brisket.3) Pulled pork was probably the best I've ever had. The lady at the register asked if we wanted buns, and we said yes. She literally gave us 8 buns. So pulled pork + beans in a bun made for a very good pulled pork sandwich.4) The sausage was pretty good, and worth it for $4 a link. It was of the spicy variety.5) Baked beans were plentiful. Was too much for us to finish though, even for a small.6) The broccoli salad (which my friend read about in Yelp reviews) was a bit disappointing. It was just stalks of broccoli in salad dressing. Not worth it.Other than that, I do have to echo the complaints of those who sat outside and were ogled by the jealous folks on line. By the time we sat down, the line was out the back fence. Some people were nice, asking for recommendations and curious about what we got. But others were just dicks. One dude remarked to his friend that we were greedy for getting so much food, loud enough for us to hear. Another guy literally pointed at our tray, like 6 inches away from our food. Wanted to fight that guy.Last note - first come, first serve seating does NOT mean you should be allowed to grab a table 10 minutes before you even order your food. Respect the system, jerks.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/1/2013,85,517,9,11,7>Places like Juliana's rarely meet expectations, let alone exceed them. And this is a pretty wild scenario to begin with: elderly Patsy Grimaldi is going to reclaim his building from the hucksters using his name to franchise increasingly mediocre pizza worldwide? I don't mean to wax emotional, but this is like sending up a hobbled Kirk Gibson to hit in the pitcher's spot and expecting him to hit a home run to win World Series Game 1.Then that shit happened. Cue the brake lights in the Dodger Stadium parking lot.I first came here in 1990. And the pizza now is every bit as good as it was then. Same oven, same crust, same char, same chew. And they have better toppings. And they have pretty reasonable salads. And they have acceptable calamari.What the hell is going on?Juliana's has reclaimed the crust mantle from Totonno's. And the cheese is better. And the sauce is better. And we're talking about Totonno's, which was the ne plus ultra of pizza until three hours ago.Not only that, but this shit should make Dom Di Fara embarrassed and ashamed. Here he is, this annoying Midwood crank who only makes your pizza nicely if he feels like it. If he doesn't, it's his art and you're out $35. Well here's Patsy Grimaldi slinging his old pizza, slinging some ice cream, and slinging some wine and beer. And he's coming around and telling your ugly kids how beautiful they are. And he's asking where you live and wondering why you didn't drive. Sure, he's assaulting you with Frank Sinatra. But he's also proving that you can live past 60 and make a superior pizza without acting like an aloof prick.WHOA!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,4/30/2013,656,559,3,6,5>Honestly my mouth is still watering thinking about the chocolate frosting vanilla cupcake I had today. It was delicious! Sometimes frosting on cupcakes get kinda hard once they've been out for a few hours but not their cupcakes. The frosting was absolutely the best part of the cupcake. My 10 year old "little" got the kids size vanilla ice cream and fudge. I looked at it and thought it was small for almost paying $4 for it. However she said it was the best chocolate she's ever had! So thumbs up guys. This location is a lot bigger than their sister location in Park Slope, which I've frequented in the past for their chocolate matzoh which is mind blowing. I would definitely come back and sit down and eat all their cupcakes!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,4/29/2013,69,443,10,7,12>I would definitely go back to this spot, its close to the train, they play good music (it was a Clash album when I walked in), have a descriptive menu, interesting cocktail list  that even a beer cocktail-even though I am not a big beer fan, I love the novelty of a beer cocktail, and don't think I see nearly enough of this. Really, there was nothing not to like. I'm thinking it was pure luck, but was really happy to score a seat (at the bar) during prime time on a Friday night. The bartender craftfully created the well thought out and clearly described cocktails. Seems like a great place for bourbon, rye or whiskey drinks...
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,4/28/2013,220,308,6,12,6>My new favorite restaurant in Crown Heights, and one of my favorite Cajun/Creole restaurants ever. I came here for the first time this weekend (can't believe I waited so long!), and I absolutely fell in love with the place.I had the catfish po' boy. Definitely the best po' boy I've eaten in my life. It reeked of fresh garlic - and so did I by the end of the evening. I'll have to remember to bring breath mints the next time! My friend had the mussels, which are also excellent. And they've got a great, affordable drink menu filled with reasonably priced New Orleans classics like Hurricanes and so on. We had been drinking all afternoon, so a pair of mint julips was enough for us. I need to come back here when I'm thirstier. And hungrier - because I'm going to try everything on the menu eventually!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,4/27/2013,381,1142,,7,5>This is probably the most authentic Mexican food overall I've had outside of Mexico.  Despite popular belief, New York City has many authentic Mexican options.  Most people who complain they can't find authentic Mexican are only looking in the one place where there are barely any: Manhattan below 96th street.  Upper Manhattan and the outer boroughs have plenty of options and Tacos El Bronco is one of the best.  It's in a quiet and safe neighborhood in Brooklyn: Sunset Park, right off the R train at the 45th street station.  The restaurant is at 4th Ave and 44th st.  Upon walking in, I knew that I was in for an authentic treat because of the employees, the feel of the place, and most of all: the smell that covered every inch of the restaurant.  The menu is extensive from sopes to huaraches to chilaquiles to enchiladas and the usual options.  The meats are diverse and they have a great selection of cabeza (head), buche (cow stomach), lengua (tongue), pastor (gyro style finely sliced pork meat with slices of pineapple), suadero (cow rib meat), carne enchilada (spicy pork), among others.  The suadero was so soft and succulent and the pastor was the 2nd best I've had in New York (after Taco mix in spanish harlem which makes nearly prototypical pastor from Mexico).  The sopes were definitely the best I've had outside of Mexico.  They come in orders of 3 in the standard cup diameter size and the tortilla was fried to the perfect level and had such a succulent happy taste.  The queso fresco, the meats, the condiments, and the tortillas are all as fresh as you could possibly ask for and mind-blowingly delicious.  The small tacos are the size of the tacos you'd find in mexico with cilantro, onion, and lime.  Each order of food also comes with cebollitas, which is definitely a great mark of an excellent mexican restaurant.  They're tiny onion heads sauteed with lemon and salt and you bite the whole thing and it's a perfect accompaniment to any Mexican dish.  The bean, rice, and huevos are all excellent at this place.  It's a chill sit-down hole-in-the-wall atmosphere with a modest bar and some TVs.  Mexican cokes, jarritos, and the other usual sodas are all available and will be served to you with a smile from a sweet Mexican employee that I insist you tip heavily.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/26/2013,486,517,21,9,9>It's my 200th Review! Feels like just two months ago I wrote my 100th. Oh wait....... it was. Eating, drinking, exploring new places and giving my opinion on things is what I do best. So this Yelp thing comes natural to me. One of the details for the business info of the Cyclone ask if this ride is good for kids. It says "Yes" but let me assure you it should be a big giant NO.Every year my parents would bring me Coney island to hit up Astroland for my birthday. Sometimes it would be in July and others in August seeing how they wouldn't remember which month it was in. If you didn't get to experience Astroland as a kid, this video will help depict it.youtube.com/watch?v=rmQgMind blowing! I rocked and rolled, all while sporting some hideous outfits which we saw some these folks wearing. Though I was never big enough to ride the Cyclone. It was this huge giant ride which I couldn't wait to go on one day.Finally the day arrived. I was finally tall enough to go on the Cyclone. Seeing how I didn't have a Bar Mitzvah or a first communion, I viewed this as my passage of becoming a man. I believe Marty Markowitz passed a law that a family's first born male must ride the Cyclone when of proper height or the family will be ostracized and sent to hell. Better known as Staten Island.I sat in the back, which was a huge mistake for my ultra skinny twelve year old frame. Then some huge heavy set man sat next to me. We were off, slowly going up these tracks. Wood is splintered. The tracks make that old clink clank sound. Higher and higher I went. The suspense was intense. Finally I reached the summit. Down I went at high speeds wondering if this old cart would fly off the track. Here comes the first turn. My neck whips back and forth, almost snapping and my body is crushed behind the weight of this fat man sitting next to me. This occurs about three more times. After the last turn I asked the man to move over. He turned to me and said "Why don't you relax and man up before I slap you." Dad always had a way with words.Over the years I went back millions of times. I love the thrill of never knowing if this is going to be my last ride. I love slightly standing, which is really stupid but lots of fun at the same time. You can notice me in the pictures they take, as the bald guy with his arms up, signs of the horn up in both hands and tongue out. I just went back this past weekend for the grand opening of the 2013 Coney Island season. The ride is still as scary and old as ever. Though they now have a new lap bar which makes sure you can't stand up and also damages your private area. YAY for safety! So no do not bring you small child to this attraction unless you are punishing them. Do come by if you want to check out one of the most iconic landmarks Brooklyn has to offer and love a great thrill. In fact it's a pilgrimage for everyone to make at least once in their life. Teddy Roosevelt made that the 19th amendment I believe.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,4/25/2013,132,116,6,9,6>I love Hi Tea Cafe! I've had the milk tea, green milk tea, and green tea with bubbles - each of them were great. I get the green tea (no milk) with bubbles the most often because I figure it's better for me but it's also delicious! It's my favorite place to grab a drink if I'm in the area, just the ambiance is a little young and do-it-yourself. I'd say it's more of a teen hang out spot, but I take my tea to go anyway. I feel like out of all the spots on 86th street, Hi Tea nails the taste and consistency of the drinks so they get 5 stars.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,4/24/2013,40,338,4,5,6>The Islands is too generic a name for this unique and charming Caribbean restaurant - The Attic would be much better.The tiny dining room is up a very steep flight of stairs, something closer to a ladder than a normal, graded staircase. I'm six feet tall and had to duck to avoid hitting my head on the top of the incline.At least there are only a few tables, because you'll feel bad every time the establishment's sole waiter has to climb back and forth to the table. While he doesn't seem to mind, you'll want to think carefully about whether you're need a refill when he takes your order. From the table, you'll hear (but not see) a steady trickle of takeout customers, assembling meals from the chicken, seafood and meat dishes on offer. These change daily, but curry and jerk options are always pretty much always available.This would be a perfect, if offbeat spot for a first date. It has an intimacy that too many places in the City lack, and many years later, you'll still remember your first trip up the stairs.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,4/23/2013,136,150,7,5,10>The 'Diner' is a distinctly American-northeastern institution that's easily taken for granted. Where else can you get stuffed grape leaves, fried mozzarella sticks, spaghetti and pancakes, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and all in one sitting?Nowhere.We stumble into diners when we're at most our most vulnerable... Hungover. Tired. Tuckered out. Overworked. Snowed in. The American Diner is, as an experience, emotionally on par with eating in your best friend's mom's kitchen. This is saying a lot in a country where transactional dining is so often inherently uncomfortable. And out of all the diners in Park Slope, Daisy's is the undisputed queen. I've been called 'honey' more time by the waitresses in Daisy's than I have been by my mother, aunts and grandmothers combined. The coffee is hot and perfectly mediocre. The breakfast platter with eggs, potatoes, choice of meat and toast is fucking spot on. And the bar seats swivel with a centrifugal grace that can only come after centuries of being sat on by husky Americans. It's a lovely place.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,4/22/2013,476,542,14,27,24>I like good food, and I like simple things. Littleneck makes me feel at home.A self-defined "classic New England-style beach side seafood shack", Littleneck is acute little place with a compact, solid seafood menu, oysters, a decent selection of beers on draft, and a laid back, welcoming atmosphere. Even though the tables of whitewashed wood add to the somewhat intimate atmosphere, the best seats in the house are by the bar, of course! The bar is big, extending in length for most of the restaurant, and it features a metal top, an enormous, antique mirror, and a random globe.There are six beers on tap, including Ommegang and Captain Lawrence, and the choice of oysters is 3 from the East Coast, and 3 from the West Coast. On a recent visit they were serving Kumamotos, which are perhaps my favorite oysters.The compact menu features about ten dishes between starters and main dishes, plus a couple of specials. The most expensive dish, at $18, is the lobster roll; everything else is very reasonably priced, with most main courses at $13-16.Dinner started with Glazed Polish Bacon ($9). The two generous slabs of glazed Polish bacon with tomato jam and homemade pickles are served in a balsamic vinegar reduction that confers to the dish a slightly sweet and smoky flavor. The outside is nice and crispy; the inside pink, tender, and juicy. I absolutely loved this dish!I then had the Full Belly Ipswich Clam Roll ($16). Gigantic whole belly clams are perfectly fried (greaseless, crisp, and tender), then stuffed into a buttered toasted hot dog bun.Service can be painfully slow.No bread basket.I wish they had oyster happy hour.Cash only. Come before 7pm or after 9:30pm.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/4/2012,845,309,24,23,21>LAWD!Sam and I are huge neighborhood biz supporters. What can we say - we love our hood. Maybe it's the drunk Puerto Rican men screaming innuendos at us, maybe it's the smell of freshly baked bread at the Mexican bakery, perhaps - the sprinklers at Maria Hernandez park on a scorching hot day? Probably 80% of the unreasonably attractive people in our hood..I think we both could agree that there's nothing to hate about our hood.Tons of A+ businesses are popping up in Bwick, and we're all for trying all of them right when they open.We heard Mama Joys opened the Friday before we came. When I first walked in, I was questioning if we were in the right place. It was dim, and resembled a dive bar from an episode of True Blood or something. I was waiting for some hot vampire to come suck on my neck - but alas. No vampires. Despite my sadness from said hot vampire - - I love the decor and the vibe at Mama Joy's, friendly and non-pretentious. Staff was extremely easy on the eyes as well.Cocktails were stiff and cheap at a whopping 6 bucks. They had a special drink this night, I forgot what it was called but was basically an Arnold Palmer with enough vodka in it to kill a small tribe in China. SOLID. We started off with the jalapeno hush puppies w/ some sort of lemon aioli. SOLID. They came out piping hot, fluffy, and had a nice kick to them. I had the Shrimp and grits with brown butter. LAWDDDDDDDDDDDDD, I wanted to slap someone when I had that first bite. The grits were perfectly buttery, and the shrimp had a really simple Old Bay seasoning. I liked that it was simple, the perfect melody of spice - butter - and heaven. It's safe to say, I licked the plate clean. Sam had the pork duo - pork belly and pork shoulder with cornbread and bourbon+tobacco infused cherries. I thought it was pretty tasty, the pork shoulder was a bit dry but the flavor was great. The tobacco cherries lent a nice smokey flavor to the whole dish.I think in the end both Sam and I agreed that my dish was best, it was the epitome of simple down south homecookin'. I liked that there weren't any bells and whistles, just really straight to the point authentic food. We're both fans! I've actually been thinking about coming back for a week now -  I have recurring dreams about the grits and I need my fix pronto.If you want a fucking amazing meal - meaning appetizer, entree and 2 cocktails for a good price. Come to Mama Joys!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,10/3/2012,382,500,9,13,16>Buckwheat crepes, stuffed to the brim with goat cheese, figs and caramelized onions... and that's just the vegetarian option! There were at least 15 options of crepes from traditional ham, swiss, egg to Italian with prosciutto, etc. to modern American like the veg one I just mentioned.Very affordable bottles of wine from ~$28+, with quite a few in the $30-range. The dessert crepes were such a sweet treat. My dining companion had the nutella banana and I had a Proustian moment with my all time favorite crepe au citron. Just a little squeeze of lemon and a sprinkle of sugar transports me to a time not so long ago when I would wander the streets of Paris after a night of revelry with one of these beauties wrapped in paper in my hot little fist. Le sigh.I am on a ROLL lately with Yelp rec's from reviews and friends...
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,10/2/2012,35,352,2,5,5>I regret that I only just discovered this beast! I'd definitely heard a thing or two about the goings on at The Islands, but never paid a visit. Things are different now.One large order of the Jerk Chicken, $12. Based on the price alone, you cannot imagine how much food will arrive. A heaping portion of tender, mouthwatering chicken - flavored to perfection. A serving of rice & peas, green salad, plaintain, and stewed veggies. To go with, we ordered a side of Mac & Cheese. Quite possibly the best I've ever eaten. These two dishes satiated my partner and I, and we had enough to take home. Grand total: $19. WTF? Simply amazing. The service, well, the place is called The Islands. So, things happen on island time. But the people are pleasant, and the food is clearly well worth the wait.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/1/2012,206,143,4,5,4>I still don't think Williamsburg's cocktail scene is at the saturation point (ever try to get into Maison on a Saturday night?), but even if there was a speakeasy on every block I'd still be thrilled to have newcomer Donna in the neighborhood. It's a unique and charming space featuring vaulted ceilings, thoughtful detailing, and pitch-perfect lighting level. I'm struggling to find a criticism for the drinks. Lo and behold, it's still possible to get a cocktail for $10 in Brooklyn. The on-menu ones I had were bold, intense, and adventurous yet expertly balanced. There is a heavy rum focus but the options are diverse in profile and presentation. I wasn't there during a particularly busy time but the staff was welcoming and remarkably well-organized for a new spot. Critiques: the menu is illegible. I like the DIY aesthetic and the crazed hand-drawn font but it wasn't easy even for me to read under the lighting. For the farsighted or those who have wrecked their eyesight staring at laptops, it may as well be written in Cyrillic. I imagine most people will find the food overpriced. They're not meant to be entrees but picture the polar opposite of Denny's Grand Slam. But I don't really care about the food...a good cocktail bar that is possible to get into on a weekend is all I need and Donna seems to fit the bill.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,9/30/2012,38,109,5,6,5>A lady swallowing swords and coat hangers, a dude that can twist his arm around more than 360 degrees, a guy swinging a 10 lb bowling ball from his freaking ear lobes! Honestly, why do tourists even go to Midtown with this as an option instead? You're telling me that some tall buildings and the biggest, most obnoxious Red Lobster I've ever seen are better than this? No freaking way.This is legitimately one of my new favorite places in NYC. I went on a Saturday and it was $10 to get in. I'm not sure if they've raised prices or it's more expensive to get in on Saturday but, either way, it's a steal even at $10. The performers are on a constant rotation until about 7 on Saturdays. After 7, it's another show and you'll have to pay a separate entry to see whatever it is. My suggestion is to get there by 6 at the latest which should allow you to enjoy the full compliment of shows.After each show, they encourage you to see the "11th act" which they refer to as the "Strange Weird Thing" or something like that. Eh, I won't give it away but, if you choose not to see it you won't be missing much. It's an extra $1, so I figured what the hell. But it's the main acts that are the true entertainment. Equal parts amazing and funny with a little bit of disturbing thrown in (though not too much, it's still definitely family friendly). All I can say is that you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't catch this show at least once. Drop by the Freak Bar, grab a drink, head on in and prepare to be amazed. Or, if not amazed, at least incredibly entertained.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/29/2012,598,616,10,10,14>HOW IS THIS PLACE REAL? HOW IS IT REAAAAAL?!?!? I pretty much couldn't stop myself from babbling about the expansive beauty that is BBP as we stood overlooking the water and the bridge and the freakin' New York City skyline all lit up. I wanted to just shut up so me and mister man could enjoy the view, but I just couldn't. This shit just isn't real. It's impossible that it's real. It has to be a collective delusion. Seriously beautiful, seriously breathtaking, we were here on one of the only perfect nights recently (it wasn't even hot omg), and I have to say, if I was in the market for a husband, I would hope that he would know enough to propose here. I say this because we saw a couple on a date and I made the remark that dude totally had it in the bag. ;) Seriously, ladies and gentlemen, listen up. If your lady or gentleman friend isn't impressed by this, she/he has no soul.We walked from pier one to pier six, which is actually slightly odd right now since piers 2-5 are under construction, but Pier One is where it's at. This is where you find the beautiful view of Manhattan and the Brooklyn and Manhattan Bridges all lit up... and there was even a little beer garden where we enjoyed a beverage before embarking on our journey down to Pier One and up to Last Exit on Atlantic Ave. I don't know what else to say except that this place is perfect. Even including the very drunk kinda busted MILF I met who was walking her dog with a baby carriage and insisted that she is a fixture in the park (and also that she hates the mayor). It wouldn't be New York without that lady, though, and you know it. This place makes me weak in the knees. Brooklyn Bridge Park: SWOON.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,9/28/2012,266,920,21,21,16>To best enjoy Fette Sau, it's smart to study history.  In particular, the invasion of Normandy in World War II.First of all, assemble a coalition of allies - at least 6 to 12 people.  Then split this group into divisions, each with its own unique mission.When launching the assault, team Omaha should get in line.  You need a steady, stoic on line presence as the wait will be upwards of an hour when busy.  Those with patient personalities (not the foot-stomping angst-ridden, slap a soldier Patton types) are best suited for this task.  A second group, Utah, should land on a table and secure a beachhead upon the benches.  They need not try and hold an entire area - but enough space to land supplies and expand the footprint once that the food drop is imminent.  A third group, called Easy Company, should also be sent in to maneuver within the restaurant, performing various tasks.  Example:- procure beer for the bench warmers and line waiters- spell others needing bathroom breaks- gather needed supplies such as paper towels, toothpicks and cutlery- scout & then provide intelligence reports as to what's on the menu.  Of course you can try other approaches (to your own peril).  I observed small groups and couples on dates neglect the above strategies only to find themselves without a place to sit or a whistle that was not sufficiently wet.  Do not get stuck without a beachhead or you will get overrun by plaid wearing ironically bearded panzer hipsters.Only a combined multi-faceted assault by overwhelming forces will best ensure the odds for victory.  Finally, once team Omaha is landed at the counter and ready to order, have everyone throw in cash and simply get a giant platter of everything.Then you can feast on the spoils of war.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,9/27/2012,191,188,3,6,3>This place has made a few leaps and bounds since it opened just a little over a year ago.In addition to their relatively diverse selection of sandwiches, salads, and desserts, they have recently busted out a savory crepe menu... not to mention added DA best dessert eva... Baklava.  As per usual, they have a great selection of coffee and tea, and even though its a bit pricey for the area, the service is so friendly that I don't really notice.  The best part about this place is curling up in the comfy seats next to the open windows in the summer, and listening to some Matt Nathanson (they always play his album) while studying or reading.  The not best part about this place is that they cut their hours and are only open til 11pm on weekdays now.  I liked it better when they were open til 12am because I loved using their free wifi to study when all the other joints in the area are closed.   In any case...........Mocha Mocha is still the best cafe in Bay Ridge.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,9/26/2012,557,1415,3,6,2>When you have a piece of artwork behind the bar titled "el borracho", you know you can't go wrong!Thanks to Google Translate, I came to find that means "the drunk" in English, which explains why the guy in the picture was staggering and had a bottle of tequila in his hand.Anyway, came here to get some carry out and sat at the bar and had a great mango margarita while I waited.  Was happy with that and was even happier with the food when I got that!  Delicious tostones with a great garlic sauce and an awesome chicken chimichanga....the chicken is so tender !  And it is so lightly fried it's not greasy at all.  Me gusta Los Pollitos!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,9/25/2012,100,286,6,6,6>1.) Find the enigmatic sign that reads: PIES HERE!2.) Order a Swingle.3.) Get chocolate all over your face4.) DON'T try to wipe it off until you are done. It is NOT worth it.5.) Feel kinda sick, very sticky, and happy for the next 45 minutes or until you can take a nap.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,11/19/2014,113,144,5,8,7>Oh welcome to the neighborhood Crabby Shack! Yelp had this on my list to visit and I'm so glad I did! A cute casual little spot that transports you to a seafood shack off the beach instead of off Franklin Ave. The staff is super cool and helpful. The place is very clean and the decor is cute and simple. There are a couple spots to sit but not many. So grabbing a quick bite with a couple of friends for a foodie date like I was on is probably a better idea than bringing your whole entourage. The food is delicious and fresh. We got one of the crab rolls and the 1lb snow crab platter (platter means +2 sides) with corn (so sweet and fresh) and broccoli (a bit over cooked... Will go with 2 corn next time). The crab roll was like a lobster roll, slathered in garlic butter and packed with fresh snow crab meat. A perfect portion and good if you aren't looking to get your hands dirty. But personally, I love getting my hands dirty! So moving on to the crab platter... It was two sets of snow crab legs with about 4-5 legs per and lots of lump crab on the body to pick out. Super fresh and not overwhelmingly seasoned. The shell is soft enough so you don't need crab crackers... Unless you can't handle it ;) but if you do need them, they got them.I highly recommend the lemonade and the selection of fruity sodas they carry. Things to know: small casual spot and clean up after yourself please. Not a cash only, they do accept credit cards. Great spot for carry out too.We were too full for dessert this time around but there's always next time! The cupcakes look so cute!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,11/18/2014,116,655,7,10,9>Battersby offers an exquisite tasting menu with minimal pretentiousness and exceptional care to details. Perry L got us a early dinner reservation for our one year anniversary. Seven dishes! (Perry knows I love tasting menus. I'm spoiled. Don't tell him!) While the storefront is rather nondescript, the dining room teeny tiny, the kitchen even tinier - the backyard patio is an urban oasis of calm and romantic in a upscale casual Brooklyn way. (Do keep in mind the risk of mosquitoes.) If you enjoy cocktails and wine, the menu is large and varied. The table next to us had several rounds of drinks, so I assume they are top notch. From the beginning, service was impeccable. Kind, eloquent, well timed, and frequent. Part of this has to do with the fact that we reserved the seven course tasting menu, which guarantees a certain level of care and constant table refreshing. I didn't care. They were lovely.On this mid-August day, the menu consisted of:-Tomato watermelon gazpacho amuse-Tuna tartar with shaved foie gras spoons-Rosemary flatbread with whipped ricottaHamachi (yellowtail tuna) with cucumber yuzu dressingHomemade mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes, basil, and pickled peachesPotato gnocchi over corn pureeSweetbreads and polentaBig eye tuna over tomatillo gazpachoLamb over roast eggplant with salsa verde and dandelion -Grapefruit sorbetBanana pudding/pineapple cheesecake-Coffee cake - to goItems with the "-" were complimentary, but were still made with a high level of care. The amuse was a mouthful of tart and creamy, rich but fresh. The tuna tartare could be a stand alone appetizer - very fresh, large diced tuna, well seasoned, and liberally coated in shaved foie gras, adding a second layer of umami. I loved the flatbread and whipped ricotta - clean, earthy, comforting food with quality details.I loved the hamachi, potato gnocchi, and lamb the most. They were clever flavor combinations, prepared with the best quality, and made my tummy very happy. The hamachi was particularly beautiful, with edible flowers, a bright green sauce, and festive flecks of red sea salt. The gnocchi melted in your mouth, super soft yet flavorful. The lamb was cleverly plated and served perfectly medium well. It paired well with the tame eggplant, which added a hint of sweet. Dessert was well plated, but didn't swing home for me. We shared the two dishes and neither one of them packed the banana or pineapple punch I was waiting for. While the deconstructed presentation was clever and I appreciated the use of iced creams, the desserts appeared more of an afterthought, failing to signal to me that the lovely dinner was really over. I was satisfied, so no need to stop by 16 Handles or anything, but I hoped for a little more.Overall, Battersby is a lovely place, creating a memorable and delicious experience. Service and ambiance are lovely, but due to the high price point (and small servings for non-tasting menu diners), you may want to reserve this one for special occasions.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,11/17/2014,52,60,5,8,8>Excellent! The area seemed deserted when we were walking there, but we rounded the corner and heard conversation coming from the mob outside the door. :)  I ordered a "small" size cone ($4.75) with one scoop of Ooey Gooey Butter Cake and one scoop of Toffee Bar Crunch (after sampling it haha). I liked Ooey Gooey Butter Cake in the past, but Toffee Bar Crunch is definitely my new favorite--I've had toffee bar ice creams before where the toffee turned solid as a rock and I ended up nearly breaking my teeth on it... Not the case here at all!  And the ice cream was not overpoweringly sweet either--it was just right. For me, the seating here is what really makes this place worth coming to over the Prospect Heights location. People who want to grab and go can walk out the door on the first floor, while those who prefer to stick around have ample (heh heh) seating on the upstairs level. There is rooftop deck seating with tasteful strings of lights overhead as well as indoor seating with tables and chairs (and air conditioning!). If I came during the day, I would definitely sit inside for the AC. :)In my [California-raised] mind, it's still too much to pay for ice cream; however, the  prices here represent the going rate for nyc, and my "small" was about the size of my head lol.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,11/16/2014,88,221,4,8,7>I had an epic feast here a few weeks ago.  So much food!  So good!     I like that the space is unpretentious.    I almost walked past at first because having read the reviews I imagined like others in this culinary echelon the facade might steampunk me to death but happily it was a peaceful neighborhoody little blonde wooded space where the whole experience was really about the sensual experience of the food and the dynamic with the lovely chef Andrew making it all in plain sight.   i wish i took pictures but I was too busy moaning over the flavors while stuffing my face and bopping to songs that all seemed to have been selected from my fondest highschool mixtapes (90s).  the whole meal was fantastic and really unforced.  THE ORDER:  I loved the Hen of the Woods.  Those mushrooms rocked my world,  I dont have the vocabulary to express what was so right about the harmony of the oil and heat in them but it was special ,    Hamachi was incredible,  I echo other reviewers sentiments about the Octopus.  I too  loved the Cauliflower Toast,  I was really impressed with the squid as a pasta too. and the desert special so yummy.    (Also got the Kale salad!   also so very good.   but confronted with too much awesome food to eat I might skip this to save more room for my hamachi next time).  In the middle of our meal an elderly woman from the neighborhood approached the chef to express her appreciation for the food.  She exclaimed it was the best she ever had.  She had stars in her eyes while she said it.  I felt like I did too. "Magical" was a term i heard here more than once as the softspoken chef Andrew lovingly described components of each dish.   Magical is right.  The whole experience was magical.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,11/15/2014,200,111,5,7,6>This place is only a hop, skip and a jump from my work. AKA perfect spot for my lunch break for retail therapy. I have been craving some"new" clothes and deals. I stopped by here a couple weeks ago during my lunch. It happened to be customer appreciation day, 20% off everything! I love thriftstores because it's a hunt! And you can have to dig deep to find the treasures. I went through the halloween stuff and found a vintage, pink skull mug that I have been wanting forever! Soooo happy! I found a cute dress for $7, a red over the shoulder purse for $5 and a cute coral top with lace detailing on the back. I got everything for less than $20.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,11/14/2014,40,134,2,8,6>So happy this spot is in the neighborhood! We were feeling bored with the usual brunch options in South Slope (nothing particularly stand-out in the neighborhood for a weekend brunch) and then we remembered that we'd been meaning to try 2 Duck Goose and they have a delicious looking brunch menu!The restaurant was fairly empty but that was to be expected given its age (and that who thinks of Cantonese food when they think of brunch?). The owner made a point of introducing herself which was nice, and our server was friendly and eager to please.The food was delish -- we loved the spiced walnuts they bring out while you wait, and the fried chicken was amazing, as was the char siu hash. I'd say the fried chicken (chicken and bun, as they called it, since it came with a pineapple bun) was the stand-out. They did forget to bring maple syrup at first and I'm glad I remembered it from the menu since it really added to the flavor of the chicken.Only two complaints, really -- my first cup of coffee was terrible (second one was better) and I don't love the setup of having an entree + coffee included in the $16 price tag. I'd prefer a variety of options and prices, with or without drink.But overall, the meal did not disappoint and I look forward to coming back for dinner!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,11/13/2014,89,272,5,7,6>This place is consistently good! Service is always A+, delivery guys are fast, prices are cheap, and the food is on point. I recommend the spicy pork taco and the Korean Fried chicken waffle taco (only available during brunch). These 2 items are what I call my diet killers- combine these with alcohol if you take them to go next door to Washington Commons and you'll have a very happy stomach.Other tips: $10 for 3 tacos is a good deal- take them to go or have them delivered either across the street to Half Court Sports Bar or Washington Commons (both places allow outside food). You're welcome!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,11/12/2014,198,599,3,8,7>Is anyone else totally obsessed with succulent plants?  Lately, any time I see a farmers market or garden center I am checking out their selection of succulents.   So glad I stumbled across the Botanica Garden Center.  This shop is small in size but mighty in variety.Prices per plant were on par with what I've seen at the Union Square Market or Home Depot but it was the staff that really stood out.  The fellas at BGC really knew what they were talking about and you just don't get that same attention when you visit one of those box chains (read: shop local!)Such a great little garden center, you've got to stop by!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,11/11/2014,26,132,2,5,7>Do you love the icy, smoky look of clubs, but also love eating? Glow Thai is for you.Seriously, it looks like an upscale cocktail lounge inside. They're known for frosting their glasses with some sort of gas (forgive me that I can't think of the name; I no science so gud). I ordered green curry to go, which was on the soupy-oily side. But the place just looks so freakin' cool that I know I'll be back for a drink sometime.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,11/10/2014,55,244,4,9,5>Every time I've been here, service has started with a complimentary sweet treat like a spoonful of chocolate sorbet or small chocolate cakes. No need to butter me up, but I'm always totally willing to take it. Yesterday, I tried the almond chocolate chip cake with a chocolate coating. I wouldn't usually try this, but the server said it was her favorite. She didn't steer us wrong. Think of a financier with some chocolate, but not tons. An extremely moist and delicious cake.The server also recommended the Samuel Smith's chocolate stout, which has a low alcohol content and is absolutely delicious. It's so popular that they were running out of it. Also had some Chardonnay, which wasn't too sweet or dry. Just right.Our server was really awesome; I wish I remembered her name. This is a great spot for a late-night date or quiet midday outing when it's less crowded.Lovely sweets, great drinks and awesome service. You can't go wrong.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,11/15/2012,53,44,4,7,4>You know how all your Brooklyn friends won't go anywhere unless it's "rustic", "vintage" or serves "farm-to-table" style cuisine? If you're nodding your head yes, rest assured that your friends will totally appreciate House of Small Wonder. Everything about this place is adorable (and comfortable). Prices are reasonable (sandwiches are $4.50), coffee is delicious and croissants are the bomb-diggity. Great neighborhood spot to enjoy a cup of coffee with a few friends or just browse the internet on your lonesome =)
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,11/14/2012,136,150,2,6,8>Every so often, about once a quarter or so, New Yorker magazine releases one of the most valuable and under-read bar lists on the internet called, 'Your New Favorite Bar'.     Yelp isn't New Yorker magazine. This review isn't a list, and we're not talking about a bar, but I do know 'Your New Favorite Restaurant', or at least I know mine. It's Giuseppina's - the intimate, monastic pizza enclave in South Park Slope. Little needs to be said here. The atmosphere is warm and romantic. The staff, friendly. The pizzas? The best you'll find in Brooklyn or elsewhere - made with premium quality product and put together by the most devoted craftsmen in the business. It's cash only, but that's justified when you can have a meal for two with a bottle of house red wine for $40. As a whole, Giussepina's breathes new life into a dying and provincial quality of life in this borough. I'm thrilled to have it nearby. If you're lucky enough to be within proximity, I suggest that you go and be thrilled about it, too.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,11/13/2012,85,517,11,8,7>Now Jackie's is the one acceptable bar hanging on in Park Slope (though, to be fair, I guess I forgot Old Carriage Inn when I originally wrote this review). I'm glad it's still there, but sorry my prediction was rendered poor by the demise of O'C's and Timboo's.It's important to arrive early. Last time I stopped in, I had to listen to a pack of poorly domesticated boys talk about their college classes. They were wearing women's denim jackets. This outfit choice was particularly distressing because not one of them could have been less than 15 pounds overweight. One of them attempted to chat up the bartender by describing the arcane procedure by which a collegian may reserve and check out darts at Amherst. Then I left.There will be normal people until at least the 8th inning of east coast games. When Kate Smith sings "God Bless America," it's like the Bat-Signal to wake up those sleepy, pudgy Lotharios of the Seven Sisters. Soon the night air will be quick with the rustling of their jeans.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/12/2012,222,375,5,5,5>I came here with cautious expectations, as the reviews have indicated that you either have a great experience or a terrible experience here, and I'm very glad that my experience was of the former.And I get the negativity. The servers do have that hipster attitude and they work that weird old-timey/farmer wardrobe. And the service isn't exactly what you'd call speedy. If you come starving, you're going to dine angry.But even so, our experience here was fantastic. The place was only half full on Monday evening, and the weather was so mild and pleasant that we opted to sit outside, which was perfect. I highly recommend it, as it's much quieter and chill than the dining area. The main star here is the food. WOW. We ordered roasted bone marrow, sukrut garnie, and the herb and cheese spatzle. All of it was incredibly delicious and perfectly portioned. I'd been craving bone marrow and it was absolutely amazing. Two large bones split crosswise with buttered toast slices, roasted garlic, sea salt, and some kind of herb mixture for sprinkling.  TO DIE FOR.Spatzle was rich and cheesy herb-y goodness. Sort of like a German take on mac and cheese, but it was light enough to eat without getting overwhelmed. Sukrut garnie was a platter of  bratwurst, calf tongue, and pork belly with lots of sauerkraut. I was slightly leery of the calf tongue, but it turned out to be incredibly flavorful and melt-in-your-mouth tender. Bratwurst and pork belly were also delicious. Definitely will go back.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,11/11/2012,476,542,13,29,26>This wonderful pizzeria is the creation of indie filmmaker Ron Brown and Jon Greenberg, who previously worked at Paulie Gee's and, before that, the original Robicelli's. Perhaps it is not too surprising, then, that the pizza at Barboncino is remarkably similar to that of Paul Giannone. Even the Ferraro oven, imported directly from Naples, is the same as that of the popular Greenpoint pizzeria, just a bit smaller.This is all for the best, since these guys learned their pizza lessons well: The pie is thin, chewy, airy, and nicely spotted with char dots[1]; the tomato sauce is fresh and tangy; and the fiordilatte mozzarella[2] is as tasty as it is creamy. In fact, the Margherita pizza ($11) is such a beautifully balanced and light thing that I felt that I could easily eat five pies.The full bar that serves cocktails, nicely priced at just $10. It also has Dogfish Head 90 Min. IPA on tap, together with Brooklyn Chocolate Stout.The people behind Barboncino clearly put great care and a lot of effort in creating a dark, sexy ambiance that is also warm and welcoming. The two-level massive room sports lots of dark wood, exposed bricks, and great attention to details. The recently opened outdoor patio is more intimate. Barboncino is a great place to meet up with some friends, for a low-key date, or even to just enjoy a pizza and a beer by yourself at the bar[3].Start with an appetizer: the Neapolitan Meatballs are just as good as an appetizer ($9) as they are as a pizza topping. The best part of the salumi board ($19) is the accompanying piece of pizza dough (or "pizza pane"; which also comes in a garlic version for $4) freshly baked in the oven. I cannot praise enough the fire roasted peppers with burrata ($12): the peppers are drizzled with extra virgin olive oil, capers, and parsley are sweet and juicy, and the burrata is wonderfully light and milky. In fact, this burrata is absolutely delicious!The pizza menu is fairly basic, if not particularly innovative.- The Eggplant and Zucchini ($13; tomatoes, red pepper flakes, fiordilatte, garlic, and extra virgin olive oil) is perhaps my favorite pie: very flavorful, with a nice earthiness to it.- The Cremini Mushrooms and Fennel Sausage ($17; fiordilatte, garlic, thyme, pecorino romano, and extra virgin olive oil) sounded better than what it tasted, and fell a bit flat in flavor.- Similarly underwhelming was the Artichoke and Smoked Pancetta ($17; fiordilatte, garlic, pecorino romano, and extra virgin olive oil).- Soppressata Piccante ($15; tomatoes, fiordilatte, garlic, oregano, and extra virgin olive oil) was solid.- The Neapolitan Meatballs ($15; fiordilatte, house-made meatballs, parmigiano reggiano, basil, and extra virgin olive oil) is perhaps the best pie on the menu.- The Arugula ($14; cherry tomatoes, fiordilatte, shaved parmigiano reggiano) was nice, light, and refreshing. The pizza is excellent by itself, but add prosciutto di parma if you want some extra flavor ($4): it's tasty and comes just slightly crisp on the edges.- I am generally suspicious of seafood-based pizza, but the Cherry Stone Clam pie ($17; fiordilatte, garlic, parsley butter, and extra virgin olive oil) was nothing short of wonderful, and transformed me into a believer/worshipper.- A potato and anchovies white pizza served as a special was excellent, and in fact it would later become part of the regular menu -albeit briefly. A potato and rosemary white pizza special, on the other hand, left me unimpressed.For dessert, ice cream comes from Il Laboratorio del Gelato, and it's fantastic (I recommend hazelnut and pistachio). A tiramisu' dessert special[4] was surprisingly light and fluffyly delicious; I highly recommend it.Despite some shortcomings with some the toppings, the pizza here is consistently good. If this is their starting point, Barboncino set the bar pretty high. A very solid 4.5 stars.------------------------------[1] Be aware that the charring is more substantial than at other places.[2] They use exclusively fiordilatte on their pizza.[3] I've done that several times, and got to know more about the history of the neighborhood from some of the local patrons that hang out at the bar.[4] Made by Enrico, a pizzaiolo who happens to be from Cagliari, Sardinia; the island where my family is from.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,11/10/2012,130,161,4,4,3>Its like the universe heard my call and answered with Noella.  This streach of 7th avenue wassorely lacking in quality coffee options.  We had to make do with either the grungy dark cave on Union Street or Starbucks if we needed some caffinated goodness until one day, like a desert oasis Noella appeared.  And it was good so good.  I am a huge fan of everything Noella from the counter staff to the yummy housemade treats and of course the coffee!  The people working there are so sweet, it feels like visiting with friends each time I go.  The scones, frittatas, cookies, baked mac and cheese (yeah - mac & cheese) are all so scrumptious. I have yet to try something I do not like and I am quickly working my way through thier menu.  TRY:  the ICED CHAI LATTE!  Its the best thing ever.Its a nice space, a few tables in the front windows with more seating in the back.  It feels bright and clean and has been an excellent place to meet friends and chat or read.  Despite Noella's perfection, I was wishing  for one improvement - that they were open later - BOOM!  They extended thier hours!  The universe heard me yet again!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,11/9/2012,170,236,,4,3>Get the liver pate and oysters if you're stopping in for something light and filling. A group of us came in for dinner and I have to say the pork chop was out of this world. It came out steaming, was cooked perfectly and had a tangy/cilantro type sauce to compliment it along with a corn salad. Also, the portion is enough for 2 so share if you don't mind swapping some friendly spit. They only offer a few items on their menu but I'm convinced EVERY entree is good. We shared the corn soup as an appetizer however it was too sweet for my taste. Next time, I'd opt for a salad. It also took a while to receive our entrees. Maybe an hour which is slightly strange especially because it wasn't that busy. Once the food came out, the anger and confusion melted away as we began eating the pork chop.We'll be back for more pork chops! Please don't take an hour to make! If it does, we'll still forgive you!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,11/8/2012,103,339,,5,5>My friend and I were in the mood for mussels, so we headed to Chez Lola for all-you-can eat mussels and cocktails.  We tried the coconut curry broth and the white wine.  I was unsure about getting the coconut curry broth at first, but then I realized you can switch it up as you please.  Turns out the coconut curry broth was delicious!  So tasty and flavorful!  My friend was literally eating the broth as soup with a spoon.  And I don't blame her!  While the white wine mussels were solid, the coconut curry was the best out of the two.  Next time, I'll have to try the pesto.  As far as drinks go, I enjoyed a few glasses of their house white and my friend three of their cocktails.  All seemed delicious, but I wasn't sure about mixing up the flavors with mussels.The mussels were served with tasty french fries and bread.  I will definitely be back for their mussels on a Thursday.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,11/7/2012,125,648,7,9,7>Get the original! It's really delicious and you can really taste the effort and soul of that old man going right into the pizza. Definitely tied for the top pizza spot in my stomach with Lucali's.The old man is a pizza master. He carefully and purposefully does everything. He pulls the dough to stretch it. He grabs the pizza with his bare hands right out of the oven, adding just that special amount of skin cells burning into the pizza. And he tops it off with some extra cheese and fresh basil leaves after the pie comes out of the oven.Just enjoy watching that old man put his soul into the pizza you will be scarfing down, and you'll enjoy the experience. The wait on line wasn't bad for me, maybe 10 mins, but then it's just waiting for that old man to make the pizza.The actual pie has fresh ingredients, and you can taste the difference. The crust has a nice char and comes out nice and crispy. Sure, the pie looks a bit small, but you're paying for this old man's soul!At $30 a pie, I can't bring myself to get this too often, but I will definitely return a few more times before the kitchen goes dark.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,11/6/2012,364,513,4,4,5>My little sis took me here for a Saturday lunch. The dining area is small, seating around 10 people. The sign over the counter indicates you should ask how long the order will take (if it matters). This seems like great advice as there are only 4 waffle irons, and at least one seems to be dedicated to buckwheat/gluten free waffles. The store was consistently busy when we arrived, with 5 patrons waiting for their waffles, one man in line ahead of us, and a phone order coming in as we waited to order. After posting our order, we did need to wait approximately 15 minutes for our waffles.  We ordered small iced tea and iced coffee and snagged spots in the window. We both ordered number 19, the bacon waffles with either cheddar or cream cheese and choice of toppings. Little sis went with cheddar and tomatoes, I went with cream cheese and caramelized onions on buckwheat. Hubbida hubbida. Every waffle option looked amazing but my cream cheese and onions was so good I'd have a hard time not getting that again. 16oz iced coffee was about $2.50 and I liked it. (Make sure to indicate you need a gluten free buckwheat waffle or dedicated waffle iron for your buckwheat waffle).
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,4/21/2013,103,107,,7,2>After reading about the tasting menu on Brooklyn Based (brooklynbased.net/email/), I booked a reservation on opentable.com for 2 last night.  First off, I love that they take reservations.  Having just had a nice dinner at St. Anselm in Williamsburg last week, I thought how much nicer it would have been had they just let me call in advance and get a time to come in.  Upon arriving, my partner and I both were impressed by the space.  I like the intimacy of it, the open kitchen, the tasting bar in the back, and the general layout.  It is a great place to take a date.  They have Coney Island Boardwalk on the wall which looks pretty cool.  After hearing the specials (there were a lot of oysters for offer), we stuck to our guns and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.  Thank goodness we came before the hype really revs up because this meal and whole experience was refined, inventive, and delicious.  I've had tasting menus for double the price that did not touch this meal.  I am confident to say that this might be the best fine dining experience in Brooklyn right now, for the price (80 dollars a head, for 5 courses plus extras). The meal consisted of: A very interesting amuse bouche with butternut squash soup, hazel nunt, and a whole bunch of other interesting things.  A scallops and ham first course that was totally awesome. A fois gras and mushroom second course they have been the best fois grias I've ever had--I scraping my plateA pasta, pork belly, and fluke third course that was good, but the fluke was a bit dry (every other component was great) A suckling pig with a ton of components for a fourth course that was incredibly flavorful and inventiveAnd a ridiculously good dessert featuring passion fruit and a whole bunch of other flavors that I thought was perfect. In short, the food is crazy crazy good.  I've generally been of the opinion that the Fort Greene food scene was a bit overrated.  When thinking of where to eat, I usually end up staying in the Slope.  That said, with Prospect and Walters coming into the neighborhood in the past year, things are changing and Fort Greene is a great a place to go get a quality meal for a good price. Obviously a 80 dollar tasting menu is not something one can indulge in every night, but I highly recommend it for a special evening!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,4/20/2013,851,373,6,6,4>A lovely medium-large sized pho place! It is convenient to get to from the BQ line and I am sure several buses come to the area as well. Very short walk from the Q/Avenue U station.The restaurant is always kept very clean, you are greeted as soon as you come in by friendly employees / managers. They offer your choice of seating when available (I have never had an issue dropping in and getting a great table) and immediately bring you water and hot tea, along with a menu.The prices are incredibly fair! 6.50$ for a super large bowl of pho? Count me in! The broth is delicious, the ingredients are fresh and everything is phenomenal (... "pho-nomenal?" okay bad pun). They bring the traditional side dish with basil, sprouts, lemon, etc along with your pho.They have other items such as rice dishes, dry noodle dishes, etc. I have only gotten the pho here - being from California I am a "Pho-natic!" ... Anyone? Is this thing on? *tap tap*Aside from my puns, I hope you had a lot of "pho-n" reading my review! You should check the place out when you're in the area. Their food is better than my stand-up, and that speaks volumes.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,4/19/2013,271,252,5,6,7>If you want something refreshing, get the charred apple noodles. Eaten with a good beer on the side (preferably a Tiger), it will just make your whole night.I haven't tried the rolls and wings yet but will when the time comes. The decor is what gets me. I love things that feel rustic and intimate. In other words, I love wood. Wood makes me happy. Go to this place, eat, drink until they close. Have a good night.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,4/18/2013,39,106,1,5,4>I live in the neighborhood and was excited when I saw this place opening up. Most of the dishes on the menu sound really delicious. We went on a Sunday night for a casual drinking & eating experience and sat at the bar. I like the ambience, it's cool but relaxed, not pretentious but definitely hip. I agree with the reviewer who mentioned that the coupe glasses were served half-full, that's something that could use improvement. The cocktails in general were good but with a little work could maybe come up a level. The staff & bartender were accommodating and friendly.We ordered the toast of the day which had pear, parsnip and bleu cheese - tasted great but parsnip was a little undercooked and hard to bite through. It was a hearty piece of toast! Then we had the kale salad, pappardelle with boar ragu, and the burger. The kale salad was quite good and unusual, which I liked, and the portion was also really generous. The pappardelle was good, maybe could've used some salt? I definitely appreciated the homemade pasta though. And the burger - it was a love affair. I'm not sure why but it was incredible. Maybe it was the perfectly toasted brioche? The aioli? The juicy patty and melted cheese that somehow stayed put and didn't sogify the entire sandwich? I typically go for unfancy burgers (Shake Shack holla) and am disappointed with fancy ones, but this one was genuinely very, very good. On my top 10 burger list. Would definitely go back and look forward to seeing how the menu will change with the seasons.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,4/17/2013,969,161,8,10,10>While waiting in a depression-era soup kitchen line to try the release of Cuvée Noire at the Brooklyn Brewery, I met a sound engineer for a video game developer. We're making conversation and he starts describing a beer-centric bar with shuffleboard tournaments and Southern boiled peanuts that definitely sounds like my bag. What was really grinding my gears was the way he was eye-boning my half French+Cuban friend's chest the whole time. Then I remembered he worked for Rockstar Games, where if your boss catches you watching Seven Years in Thai Butt, she showers you with praise for your research ethic. We had words, he apologized and we made-up en route to the aforementioned brew-lover's lounge...The Diamond.Beverages should be organized mathematically. Ranked according to alcohol % rather than the archaic Linnaean classification by origin. Mon petit ami used to say, "I don't drink according to percentages, I just want to savor the taste." Good for her, but somehow I got the body of an NHL player but the dainty stomach of a figure skater. I start at double digits and work my way down -- 't Gaverhopke Extra: 12% Belgian Quadruple is the best alcohol bang for your buck at $10. It's so yeasty I thought it might give my mouth an infection.Oktoberfest Drafts: available during fall, these 8% Märzens were tapped directly from barrels plastered with EU protected designation and Reinheitsgebot (German beer purity law) certificates. Best accompanied by $2 local brats served on pretzel rolls with whole grain mustard.Sinebrychoff Porter: I hate every Finnish dish I've ever tried because they all taste like salty licorice. This 7% dark beer is no different.I missed the complimentary Lombardi's pizza at the event but thankfully Frenchie and I shared common interests, mainly fatty/pickled/savory foods. Our ranks had swelled so we ordered assorted Charcuterie, Cheese Board, Pickle Plate and --Brutus the Barber Beefpie: Aussie-style pot pie with chunks of meat, pepper-jack cheese and gravy named after this WWF villain -- d2tq98mqfjyz2l.cloudfronThey picked the wrong dude to be a drug-free role model. I don't know what's going to explode first, his liver from the roids or his heart from the yayo.Everything was going just swell. I was buzzing, full and happened to bump into some long lost high school friends, when Sammy Hagar showed up. How dare the Red Rocker show his face around me after the Balance album! I don't bring weapons into bars, so I grabbed the next best thing out of a nearby patron's hand...5 darts.1. This one's for Red: My Uncensored Life in Rock. I wouldn't burn that book from fear the smoke would smell like shit. My hands were trembling with rage so I missed.2. This one's for taking 4 minutes 42 seconds of my life with the I Can't Drive 55 music video and pierced his ear. 3. This one's for making Cabo Wabo Tequila so goddamn expensive and took out his right eye.4. This one's so you'll never sing again and hit him right in the corner of his mouth.5. This one's for just in case you recover from the last one and left him with one dangling from his Adam's apple.When my anger subsided, I realized it was only a picture of the man that single-handedly destroyed Van Halen, on a cork board.The management of the D does not condone displays of violence, so I was forced into time-out in the cable car outside. It was cramped in that little red télécabine but Maybe Partying Will Help by The Minutemen was playing while I thought about what I did wrong. I like the way the Diamond does business. The staff want to be there, the menu always has something new and something familiar on it and you can just be a kid again. A raging alcoholic kid that likes to watch girl-on-girl arm wrestling -- youtube.com/watch?v=qWD_Note to self, don't wager on half-Asians because you think their superior ability to strategize will lead them to victory. Place your bets on the 6' Red Sonja clone. I wonder who won the Women vs. Waifs (men under 145 lbs) challenge...
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,4/16/2013,368,102,11,12,11>I've noticed that in life, all good things come in a sauce. I believe that Pok Pok has mastered that sauce. "The sauce of life". Having seen the last episode of Anthony Bourdains "No Reservations", Pok Pok was featured on it. No doubt in my mind that I was going there first thing the next day to try their food!There I was, next day, a cold day, heading over to Pok Pok. I was surprised when I saw the front. I had passed this treasure trove so many times and didn't even realize the goodness they held inside. Shame on me! It was crowded on a weekday night. We got stuck sitting next to the door which was drafty. I sat with my coat on the whole time lol. Seating in general was really right. I felt as if I was dining with the couple next to us. The waitress brought us menus and took our drink orders. "Thai tea" for me and a water for my dining partner.  I've had Thai many many times before which were all pretty similar but this was my first time having "Northern Thai" food. The menu was super foreign to me lol. That's fine, I'm game for whatever!I already knew that we needed to order "Ike's Vietnamese fish sauce wings". Yes! This was the "sauce of life"! Lol. These killer wings are insanity!!!! They are jumbo sized and sticky and glazed with fish sauce and here's a little secret....sugar! Sugar is added to the wok when making these wings which gives it the beautiful color and makes them extra sticky.I like a little spice to these wings and they're so addictive! These are definitely a must have! We also tried "Da chom's laap meuang" which is basically a minced pork salad with spices and aromatics served with a side of fresh Asian veggies. Okay first things first, this dish was recommended and It sounded so tasty. When it was brought to the table I took a spoonful of the minced pork and my mouth immediately went on fire! This has to be the hottest most spiciest thing I've ever tried. And I like spice but this was just not working. I couldn't eat it. Silly me, I decided to give it another shot, but this time I put some of the minced pork inside of a leaf veggie(unknown) that they had brought. I figured it will maybe cool it off. Wrong!  That was that. I couldn't do it lol. This didn't dampen my mood or thoughts on Pok Pok. Their wings are delicious, their Thai tea was good, and I still have a lot to try on their menu. I shall be back!!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/15/2013,1636,234,5,13,9>Everything here is the best!I've been searching for a good place that serves well prepared lamb (on the bone), not that Gyro or that kebab "cubed" lamb on a stick... No, I've been searching for authentic Middle Eastern style "fall of the bone" Roasted lamb and I have found it here at Yemen café.It is a little intimidating as soon as you walk in the restaurant because everyone seems to know each other and you feel a little bit out of place, but they welcome you with open arms.First and foremost I don't even know how Yemen Café can stay in business giving away so much complimentary stuff, bread, soup, salad, tea, etc,  as soon as you sit down you get complimentary "Clay oven" baked Bread, (Fresh & piping hot), Hot Soup, and a large portion of complimentary salad for you to share with your table, before even ordering anything.I enjoy ordering a Pot of Bubbling hot Fava beans which is also made in their famous clay pot and come out piping hot with yet another order of freshly baked bread, and "Haneez", which is Roasted Lamb Leg over rice and Sauce is the Best here at Yemen café, I Love Love Love the food at Yemen Café, everything is always Fresh Tasting, made to order, and always provided with fast service and friendly service.At the end of your meal they give you complimentary Hot Tea which is the best damn tea I have ever tasted, the Tea is served sweet and tastes like you are in the Middle East.I have visited Yemen café twice this week for dinner and I can't wait to visit the Middle East again!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,4/14/2013,57,63,,7,4>We tried Zizi for the first time last night and we felt like we were being treated to a beautiful home cooked Middle Eastern meal prepared to order and served by friends. The space is super cozy, cool but not overdone. The menu is really intriguing -- we wanted to try everything and we can, because the prices are super affordable. We've certainly eaten our share of falafel, schwarma and pita but everything we ate had an unusual, fresh and delicate twist. Stars of the night -- the gravlax with lightly fried cauliflower, homemade pita with tahini spread, and falafel. Ask for the homemade hot sauce. It's made with harissa, smoked paprika, and a dash of sriracha and it's addictive! I'm super excited someone has created a beautiful place where we can experience real Middle Eastern food. It's time falafel moved beyond street vendors. We can't wait to go back!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,4/13/2013,23,199,3,8,5>This is my new fave burger joint.  I found this place through Yelp and I have not been disappointed.  I am an extreme burger fan and I was a little bit tired of noodles, so I was on a prowl for meat madness.  It is very close to the D train stop on 71st station. We get inside and it is empty which is a good thing because I was hungry.  Remember, I'm on a prowl.  So I order my cheeseburger combo with curly fries and my bf had a turkey burger.  This place is awesome because they give you unlimited toppings for your burger.  I choose grilled mushrooms, pickles, lettuce and tomatoes.  The first bite of the burger was amazing.  It was a little over done and dry, but I like the crispy edges.  It was so still good.  My bf's turkey burger had a good flavor as well, but he wanted his onions to be grilled a little more.The curly fries were excellent because they were not soggy at all. They were seasoned well and they taste great. This place serves big portions for a great price.  The service was great because the woman bought our food to our table.  I would definitely come back if the mood calls for it.  This place is more of a take-out/burger joint but definitely worth a trip.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,4/12/2013,267,351,7,22,10>This place is just....so strange. You feel like you're in another world, but in a good way.Lemme preface this review by stating I did not pay to get into this place. First the cons: there is a cover charge. Every night. It is like $15-20 if you get advanced tickets and depending on who is DJing, but if you don't it will cost you $30 to get in. THIRTY DOLLARS, to get into a club. If you come during the winter, there is a $3 mandatory coat check you have to take part in as well. This means, that before you even get to the bar, you are $33 in the hole! Crazy right. Insane!So you get inside and the bar is off to your left and the dancing and such is off to your right. There are two floors (for now) and another bar upstairs. The thing you will notice at first though that may surprise you are all the people dancing. Do not be alarmed, they are in fact dancing! Output is a dance club, in it's purest most old school form. Even the website says the place isn'f for everyone. You're not allowed to take photos (first offense they delete your photos, 2nd offense they just ban you forever apparently!) and there is no bottle service or "VIP" area. Everyone is free to go wherever they want, just so long as they dance! People really dance their tails off too. We went upstairs because there was a decent group of us and we wanted to find each other, so a few of us tried to find a place to sit down, and there were quite a few seats. Why? because everyone was up dancing! The decor is DARK, with minimal lighting. No doubt to deter people from attempting to take photos without a flash. The other thing you notice if you are a big club person like myself, is the sound system. My God man, not sure if I've heard a sound system so crisp in a club. Ever. It was loud, with great bass, and great sound, without being loud. You could still have a conversation with your friends without shouting. Even standing right in front of the speakers, which is usually 'hands over my ears' time for me, I was perfectly fine. It was great.Honestly this place can't get more straight forward and no nonsense. You show up, you dance your legs off, then you leave. Repeat the next time around if necessary. It's hard to give a place with such a dedication to people enjoying themselves, less than 4 stars. I couldn't give it 5 because even if I didn't pay a cover (which i didn't), it's not free, and it IS kind of pricey for an entrance fee. But some might argue, that it's worth it. Let's face it, sitting at a table with a bottle and just staring at other people at their table is NOT fun. I'm liking what seems to be a shift back to places that are all about dancing...and Output may be setting a trend.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,11/1/2013,241,303,,9,4>Finding an artist is tough. You ask around, you look at their work, you see them in action, and you do your research.I've been looking for someone to finish my sleeve for over a year and is been quite a task. A friend of mine recommend this shop and of course she highly recommended Haji. The consult was brief but to the point. Haji met my expectations and then some. I look forward to my next session to compete my masterpiece.Cash only but it's totally worth it.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/31/2013,147,201,4,8,6>This is now one of my go-to wings spot. Actually, this is my absolute favorite wings spot. Per my request (after reading the awesome reviews) my girlfriend ordered from Super Wings for our monthly movie night.  She ordered bar-b-que, mango, and pineapple jerk. Sides were mac and cheese, sweet potato fries and wedges. I was in wing heaven and could not wait to try them again.  I was in the neighborhood a few days ago and decided to drop in. It's a small place and not really made for eating in but there are a few stools. The young man at the counter was friendly, fast and efficient. I do love good customer service. I ordered the same thing this time around but also got the mango and corn salad. The jerk pineapple was amazing. Sweet and spicy at the same time. The flavors just meshed so nicely. The wings were not overly saucy nor were they overly clunky as our some wings that have an excess of batter. I loved the sweet potato fries and mac and cheese. I was not a fan of the potato wedges. Mango and corn salad was fresh and crisp. Super Wings did not cheap out on the mango for the salad. It had some nice chunks thrown in there.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,10/30/2013,786,1284,10,9,9>cupcakes + bushwick = hipster's wet dream.their cupcakes are very creative, but a little too sweet for me! i'm not a fan of super sweet buttercream, but that's just me. the Vietnamese Iced Coffee they offer is delicious; it's nice to find a place in Bushwick that serves this! i stop by almost weekly to grab a coffee there. they have a delivery service that's offered, but i haven't taken advantage of that yet! the service is great and the owners are super nice. they are definitely "Sweet & Shiny" heheh.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/29/2013,96,97,8,24,12>I hate getting my hair done.  I am a natural-haired girl with thick, unruly curls, who habitually procrastinates, covets convenience, and absolutely hates waiting.  I am both creatively challenged and super lazy when it comes to my hair, I am truly pathetic at small talk and I almost never have cash.  I tell you all of this in advance of my review to help you understand that it takes a near miracle for me to have a pleasurable experience at a salon - so when I tell you that I LOVED my experience at H2 Salon, it isn't an overstatement, it is a factual statement of awe.First things first, my habitual procrastination had me searching Yelp for a salon that specializes in natural hair AND would  have availability for a next day appointment.  After reading the reviews for H2 Salon and realizing it was conveniently located in my neighborhood, I called with crossed fingers and scored.  The receptionist told me they had good availability for the next day at that I would be seeing a stylist named Char.  The next day I showed up to my appointment with a bit of bad news - my grandfather needed to be taken to the clinic (my uncle had just called).  I asked if there was any possibility of pushing my appointment to later in the day and the receptionist was super accommodating.When I finally made it back to the salon 90 minutes later, I was greeted then promptly seated in Char's chair.  Char introduced herself and asked how my grandfather was doing (which I thought was a lovely touch).  After I updated her on his condition, we sat for a few minutes to do a hair consultation.  She asked me why I had come in.  I told her the basics - I've been natural for close to 13 years, I am super lazy when it comes to my hair, I was attending a wedding in Cape Cod on Saturday and I need my style to last til then.  I told her about my dress and explained that I thought the dress dictated a need for straight hair.  She asked to see a picture.  She then weighed in.  She said, "I don't think you should wear your hair straight.  You'll be tempted to put heat in it right before the wedding and I don't want you to damage your hair.  I can do a really fun twist out that will compliment your dress and I will show you exactly how to take out your hair so that you get a fantastic look."  I instantly fell in love with her.  After I was washed she came over to inspect my curl pattern. She asked a few more questions.  Do you ever wash and go?  No. Why not? Because I have a lot of shrinkage and don't generally like the look.   When was the last time you had your hair shaped?  I've never had my hair shaped.  Would you consider letting me shape your hair? I bet if you let me shape your hair, you'll like how your wash and go comes out.  Okay...shape away.The entire experience was amazing.  Shar was very knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive.  In fact, she was so pleasant I found myself chit-chatting away like I'd known her for years!  The rest of the staff was equally as nice and I was offered a beverage and a glass of wine (both of which I declined).  The salon itself was pristine and very modern looking and best of all there was neither a wait nor a crowd (because they are by appointment only). I left completely pleased with my visit and I will definitely be back.  The total for the wash, blowout, shape and twist was about $95 (credit cards accepted) - so it's not inexpensive.  However, I am completely willing to pay a convenience tax for quality, attentive service.  Best of all my hair came out fantastic for the wedding!  The cut, though subtle, was  a vast improvement over my previously unshaped fro and the curl definition was stellar.  I'm still getting compliments 3 days later (holla at ya girl)!    :-)
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,10/28/2013,135,78,7,13,7>I love this place so much! I've gotten food from all of the Indian restaurants in the neighborhood and this is by far the best--a perfect combination of great food and around the way charm. The restaurant is tiny, but I don't think I would want it any other way. It doesn't need to be huge and flashy because the food speaks for itself. I usually get Chicken Tikka Masala (which by the way is the best I've ever had in NYC), but I've ventured into Lamb Vindaloo and Lamb Curry and have never been disappointed. Vegetable samosas are always crispy and full of flavor, and the naan is A+. The restaurant is BYOB which is good if you're like me and ballin on a budget.Delivery is always fast and the food is always hot. I do wish they included utensils -- they never do -- but you can't have it all! Oh, and the two-course meal special is a great deal.P.S. I noticed someone said that this restaurant is in a "shitty area" and it's a bad location. Excuse me? I love this neighborhood. Just because this place isn't on a street packed with bars and pubs and froyo variations doesn't mean it isn't exactly where it should be. Go home roger.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,10/27/2013,57,187,7,7,5>I called on Friday to ask whether I would be able to get a school project (aka my Master's thesis) bound there. The guy on the phone answered all my questions and was very pleasant about it, too.I showed up on Sunday and a woman behind the counter told me how to print out my document, what printers to use (several times, because I was a little loopy and couldn't remember what she said for more than a second) and then helped me out with the binding options. I was in and out of the shop in well under 10 minutes, and for under $10. And thanks to Park Slope Copy Center, I can graduate!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/24/2013,324,130,14,47,20>I'm walking down the block and I notice a huge sign with Elgin Charles face on it. "Hmmmm.... I know this guy from somewhere" I said to myself then kept walking. I past by there again and then it hit me,  Elgin had a show on VH1. After about a week and a half of passing there curiosity got the best of me, so I decided to stop by and see what this place was all about. I was immediately greeted by the receptionist. She was very professional and thorough with explaining how the salon operates. After having a 15 minute conversation I was sold! I made my appointment for the following day (well not really an appointment, they take, and encourage walk ins, so I told them the time I should be "walking in").Celebrity Sew Ins is an express extension bar literally. You come with your hair washed and blow dried (or they can wash and blow dry it for an additional fee) and they get right to work. I didn't really have to wait long, which was a plus. The stylist was very professional and not very chatty (thank God). I hate having to hear what the beautician did, plans on doing or their drama from the night before. It was a very relaxing experience.The salon was very clean (almost too clean) with pure white everything. I love that I didn't have to walk into a cloud of smoke the minute you entered the salon nor did the smell of burnt hair saturate the air.They sell hair which is a plus and they use the Elgin braiding technique which gives you a more natural looking weave. They also offer 10% off your sew in price when you purchase their hair. I think its cute that they refer to their stylist as "hair-tenders" because the salon is kinda set up like a bar. Its located in the Brownsville section of Brooklyn (don't get scared) so of course they don't stay open too late (When I went they took the last person at 5pm but I'm pretty sure they stay open later than that on certain nights). It wasn't really crowded when I got there but I'm expecting business to pick up very soon since they have such affordable prices (weaves starting at $55). They didn't braid tight, but it wasn't loose either. The braids weren't bulky which is another plus and they laid really flat. My tracks weren't sewn in really tight (no headache for me yayyyy!). They were comfortable and felt secure on my scalp. I was able to go to sleep normally that night and not have to sleep with my head up like Halle Berry in the movie "BAPS". The next morning they were still secure and in place (doing my happy dance).  Overall: I definitely plan on returning! I just hope that I can still get an appointment once everyone finds out about this place.Side note: I really appreciated the fact that they treated everyone the same. Not once did the receptionist nor the hair-tenders mention Elgin Charles, Tasha Marbury or the show "Basketball Wives." Usually salons like to brag about having celebrity stylist and celebrity owners. This salon lets their work speak for itself. Keep up the great work.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/8/2013,10/23/2013,144,279,1,5,4>If you can't find anything you want here, then there's probably a problem with YOU. :) There's 40 craft beers on tap, with everything from local lagers to imported stouts. There's even one hard cider! If you're looking for something more "domestic," they have the standard options (Corona, Coors, etc.) in bottle form. This is also where you'll find the Magners!Some standard spirits are available: Malibu, Jameson, Captain Morgan, Grey Goose, Southern Comfort, Patron, etc. In other words, you won't find any Cointreau or other fancy liquors (to my knowledge). Our well whiskey shot was $5. According to our waitress, almost everything else (not well) is $8 a shot.The ambiance here was my favorite part. Soooo much seating! Multiple televisions are spread out around the restaurant with a few different games showing. I liked that the number of TVs wasn't excessive, making the effect much less tacky than other sports bars.If I'm in the mood for a good beer and want to stay close to home, I'll come again.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,10/22/2013,376,328,3,10,7>My friends and I came here during the Atlantic Antic Festival so we lucked out and only had to pay a $1 for admissions (normal price is $7). Funny enough, I remembered when subway rides were only a dollar -- how times have changed. Their museum is located underground at a subway station that is no longer functioning. On the upper deck, they explain how tracks and tunnels are placed in the station along with added photos of supports. They also have on display the different models of turnstiles for my friends and I to interact with which was interesting because it brought back memories. Additionally, they have two model buses for people to walk around and sit in. Mostly, people would just take pictures of themselves driving. On the lower track level, they had a slew of model trains. It was definitely a blast   from the past. As you walk in, you can see ads that were displayed during those times. Some of their ads were ridiculous, but interesting because it was the foundation and culture of America back then.Overall, the experience was very nostalgic for those who grew up in New York. I would recommend this museum as a one-time experience only for anyone who is looking for something fun and interesting to do. My only qualm is that I would have like to see a train covered in graffiti on display. Graffiti played such a huge part in the MTA history, but guess displaying that would just be sending the wrong message!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,10/21/2013,674,592,5,6,7>Some fishing boats take you over by Coney Island, or along the Breezy Point coast.Donna G took us fishing along flipping Long Island!!  I felt like I was on the set of the Deadliest Catch!  Patience is a virtue, and this crew definitely had it last Saturday.Let me first start off by saying that Captain Dom and his crew are totally chill, laid back, and just plain awesome!  These are men and women that know the sea, and actually give you helpful tips on how to properly fish if this is your first voyage; really family friendly.  Make sure you pack the following:1) a towel to sit on2) antibacterial 3) toilet paper (trust me)4) pack snacks or sandwiches5) CASH6) BYOB!!!!!That's right!! They do offer drinks on board for a small cash fee, but you can totally fill your cooler up with anything your heart desires!  SWEET!Usually, you are fishing for fluke, and fluke alone - but on our trip, people caught porgies, blue fish, sea bass and fluke!  Loved the variety!Captain Dom took about well over an hour before we dropped anchor at our first fishing attempt.  The further the day went, the further out we went, and the more fish were caught!What was the totals?Me: Seven - no keepersMy Beau: Three -  one was a keeper!We will DEFINITELY be back!  Best way to contact? Try Captain Dom after 4 PM on a weekday to schedule!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,12/28/2012,422,310,7,10,8>Jay-Z goes here.  Beyonce goes here.  I go here.  Need I say more?Yeah, probably.In a quaint Brooklyn neighborhood, Lucali sits amongst residences.  Early diners line up before the door opens, even though, they have a reservation.  It's one of those places.  I didn't have a res for my party of 2wo, but that didn't seem to be a problem.  But, that was also because we arrived early.Service is good.  Food is better.  The menu is scrawled in chalk on the wall, and Lucali's keeps it simple: the usual suspects for toppings.  The kitchen is wide open and you can see the pizzaiolo's exercising their craft.  It's dimly lit, wooden everything, only one bathroom, and the restaurant is fairly small.  Lucali's is a gem in NYC, unadulterated by the Brooklyn Bridge crossing masses looking for Grimaldi's.  Luckily, Lucali's is a bit further away for tired tourist legs.  I would definitely say that Luc's is a great date spot, because it's intimate and surrounding conversation chatter is not too loud.  There aren't many distractions except the pizza, and hopefully your good looking significant other.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,12/27/2012,109,832,7,10,6>Hi.  My name is Albert.  And I believe in Aarpan.  I believe in Indian food.I have to admit that I'm a total noob when it comes to Indian food.  The only word comes to mind when it's recommended is curry.  Boy was I wrong.  And the $13.95 App/ Entree/ naan or roti delivery special proves it.  I had the chicken vindaloo, onion fritter, and naan.  My honest suggestion to the owners is that they can scale back on the size of the naan in this special as it's too much carb with the rice.  (And that seasoned rice was very nicely done.)  The sauces on the side were very interesting - like nothing I've ever tried before - must have more.  The vindaloo wasn't very spicy and the onion fritter was meh, but my neighbor's chicken tika app was yummy.Word to the wise: They mostly serve white meat.  Expect a long wait.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,12/25/2012,35,352,,6,3>The signage out front might be deceiving. At least it was for me. I had no idea how lovely the interior or how pleasant the back garden area would be. For the past 3 years, I assumed this place would be 'eh', just based on the sign alone. It's actually very romantic inside.Shows me not to judge a book by its cover!So a friend suggests we meet at Ici. We pull up to a table in the garden and stick w/the Wednesday prix fixe selection, after placing an order for cocktails - which were delicious!My chilled beet soup was refreshing, but slightly under seasoned for my taste. The housemade pasta dish was also fresh, cooked al dente with beautiful fresh squash and zucchini. Flour-free chocolate cake - also yum.The gentlemen chose the hanger steak option. The meat was cooked perfectly medium rare and deliciously seasoned, though a bit chewy. It was served atop a fabulous heap of sautéed veggies. There was also a kale salad which was a generous plate of crisp chopped kale tossed w/ parm and anchovy dressing. Refreshing, though my companion found the fish overpowering after several bites. While the service was great and the meal was good, I think I prefer Roman's for flavor, although the dining room ambiance at Ici can't be beat!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,12/24/2012,116,303,4,4,5>The beer list here is always completely changed every time I go in here, and that's a great thing.  I love being handed a beer menu with full description of each beer on tap, and being able to choose which one I want first.I also just wanna say: MAC N CHEESE WITH BACON. Yeah. Just make it happen for yourself. You won't regret it.Also important to note: this place is PACKED every day of the week once 8 pm rolls around.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,12/23/2012,64,204,6,7,5>Sandwiches are reasonably priced (come on, it's Dale Talde, it has to be a bit more than the usual place), and everything is delicious. - Ginger Beer on tap is a huge plus - also it's $1? And free refills? And the bartender was super attentive and nice? This is lovely. Even our water glasses were never empty. Granted, it was a quiet, late lunch at 2pm on a Saturday but I love good service when it happens. Thank you, sir, for catering to us. - Cornbread is delicious - the honey butter is a must.- Brisket is tender and well seasoned. I only wish the bread didn't get so soggy. Whatever, better to eat with a fork and knife! Maybe serve it on day-old bread or something better toasted? But who am I to complain anyway.- Tater tots are like your school's tots but way better. Crisp, delicious, and salted well. - Good GOD THE BEERS ARE CHEAP. WHY ARE THE BEERS SO CHEAP? SO MUCH CHEAPER THAN EVERYTHING. Another reason to go back and drink and probably not eat. - Porky Melt is aptly named and just freaking good. - I'm assuming the BBQ sauce is homemade and if so it should be available for retail sale because it is some of the best I've had. Second only to maybe BBQ sauce at Salt Lick in Austin, TX. REAL GOOD FOOD. Cash only. Haters, get lost.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,12/22/2012,69,66,10,5,3>I know you. All you want is a nice place to sit with your laptop to work on important online media fluff pieces while enjoying a well-crafted macchiato, maybe a sandwich or slice of pie.  You would like to do this without having to schlep across town from Berry to Bushwick, sweat soaking skinny pants, choking on bus fumes, trying to find a place that both has working wifi and air conditioning and still has an open seat you can take refuge in -- preferably without the mouth breather, who brought nothing to read or work on, because all he came to do is stare at you and sip his diet coke.Even if you find all of that, the barista might not know what a well-crafted macchiato is. But there's always Lula Bean. And even though they might not have a seat open these days, it's always worth the wait.*Decor: unbelievableThickness of crema: unbelievableFood and pie: unbelievableAttractiveness of baristas: unbelievableAtmosphere/music: unbelievableOwner's favorite word: unbelievableFrequency of freebies for loyal regulars: unbelievableWifi speed after it's reset for you: unbelievable*If you're sitting there twitting on facebook or mouth breathing on your diet coke, could you move along? There is work to be done and espresso to be enjoyed, thanks.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,12/21/2012,82,177,,13,5>I came here last weekend during a failed attempt of completing a Caribbean food crawl up Nostrand Avenue. After the past two unsatisfying rotis from Ali's Roti Shop on Fulton, I needed to find a new place to feed my craving...Trini Gul is it!I ordered the shrimp roti. The roti skin was not dry, thick and doughy but moist and and firm and filling. The curry with shrimp, potatoes and chick peas was perfectly seasoned, spicy and they were not stingy with the shrimp at all! Needless to say I was terribly satisfied and wished I had bought my own instead of offering to share with my friend. #greedy. Anyway, for something that delicious to be $6, I will definitely be back.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,12/19/2012,676,794,10,12,7>I am in BIG trouble. BIG time. This neighborhood has evolved. Truly. And now that I live 5 measly blocks away from this gorgeous and delicious cupcake shop, i will have to log in double miles at the gym just to even things out. Its been on my list for a while now and every time my mom drove by, she'd ask me if ths place was any good. Now, i can honestly say MOST DEFINITELY.See, I bake myself so my criteria for a cupcake has to be met before I say its good. A great cupcake has a great texture. Not dry and not overly moist. A good crumb. And most importantly, an exact amount of sweetness. The frosting should be flavorful thick and creamy. I will admit, when i walked in and saw the cupcakes were chilled, i was skeptical. A refrigerated cupcake can, at times dry out a cupcake. But the ladies at Brooklyn Cupcake know how to properly care for their cupcakes. The selection is unique. Come here for a delicious cupcake that is not found anywhere else. I had the rainbow cookie cupcake. Layers of colored cake with a jelly center and a chocolate ganache as frosting. It was indeed like a seven layer cookie. Easily, one of my favorites. Next I tried the French Toast cupcake. The cake had a nice layering of yellow cake with bits of cinnamon and sugar. The cream cheese frosting was delicious but perhaps a touch of pancake syrup might make this the ultimate french toast cupcake. Great texture too! And lastly i tried the ever popular guava cheese. A yellow cake with a guava center (nicely done, too) along with a cream cheese frosting and another guava center in the frosting. Tasty but too sweet for me. This store just celebrated their one year anniversary which is quite a feat in this ever changing neighborhood! I hope they continue to thrive as they are a diamond in the rough! With cupcakes at $2.50 a pop, its a great price and a great place to give your business to.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,12/18/2012,382,500,10,11,14>Um, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Just... just go. Things Smarmy and I had here included:scallops, which were tender and delightful and my personal favthe bacon wrapped dates with gorgonzola (whoa mama. in some circles, these are known as Devils on Horseback. who would ever run from this Devil?)pulled pork sliders, which were also super yummy, on tiny light fluffy briochesand at the rec of Mr. Smarmy, we had to get ... the bacon doughnuts. Save room for these sweet little things peppered with salty bacon. we split a bottle of tempranillo -- lots of very affordable options in the under $50 range -- and the waitress was spot on with a recommendation based on what we said we liked. the menu changes all the time, which is a sign of chevery at its best, always wanting to keep pace with new ingredients, what's fresh, what's best available. we ordered a few less than recommended by the waitress to share and it was a perfect fit.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,12/17/2012,241,303,3,7,4>I was introduced to this place by someone who just wanted to get a quick meal during lunch. I told her to just grab me whatever she was getting and I was willing to deal with whatever slop she brought back. Yup, that's me, a risk taker. The aluminum container contained warm fries, covered in bar-b-que flavored shrimp with a side of tartar sauce in a small (shot glass sized) container. Opening the contained, I was overwhelmed by the smell and the taste backed it up. To be quite honest, the tartar sauce wasn't necessary but it did add a slightly different flavor half way through the meal.The food is great people and the staff is VERY friendly and prompt. The place is small with limited maneuvering space so don't expect to eat your lunch/dinner there. I strongly (can't stress this enough) suggest that you do one of two things. 1. Place your order over the phone and just pick it up in 20mins, 2. Get to the restaurant before 11:30am on a weekday.From time to time they have specials that aren't listed on the menu (see my pictures) so be sure to ask if you want something new. CASH ONLY BTW....but I'd dump my credit cards for a bowl of their shrimp any day.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,12/16/2012,38,109,3,8,3>The juxtaposition between this spot and Double Windsor, located right across the street, couldn't be more apparent. For all it's positives, Double Windsor is, at it's heart, a hipster/yuppie watering hole with a well curated list of craft beers and good food. Farrell's, on the other hand, is a blue collar haven of domestic beers served in oversized styrofoam cups. Don't get me wrong, I'm not being critical, I enjoy both settings equally. And, if you haven't yet, you should definitely drop into Farrell's and give something new a try.My friends and I stopped by for a "container" -- a 32 oz styrofoam cup of beer -- on our way out to a Brooklyn Cyclones game in Coney Island. Given our plans, we couldn't have picked a better place to do a little faux tailgating. The patrons of Farrell's are about as "Brooklyn" as they come. These are the folks that grew up in pre-gentrified Brooklyn when Park Slope was just another rough 'hood between the waterfront and Prospect Park. Just being around these guys pumped me up to cheer on the Cyclones in their game against Staten Island.While we weren't there for any major sporting events, I'm guessing that this place would be a blast for any NFL or MLB sports watching. This is the perfect crowd for sports -- guys that are passionate about their teams and aren't afraid to let that be known.All-in-all, this was a solid spot to kick back and drink a massive cup of beer and just enjoy being in Brooklyn. Farrell's feels old school without being overly dive-y or dirty. Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/15/2012,118,267,3,7,5>Great bagel shop that opened across the street from my place, solidifying 5th Avenue between 1st and 2nd as the most powerful block in Brooklyn. Beygl serves up super affordable, quality ingredients. Bagels are handmade daily, sandwiches are served on locally made bread (accompanied by smoked applewood bacon!), the lox is from Greenpoint's Acme fish market, etc. They also have lunch/dinner items, and I'm looking forward to a grass-fed burg later this week. Hoping they incorporate some specialty coffee options - the java was good, but sometimes ya girls need a double shot of espresso to face Mondays.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,12/14/2012,43,100,10,39,13>There's not much reason for me to write a review - everybody else has made it clear that Acme is so much more than the Wile E. Coyotes supplier of incendiaries - but I do want to clarify a few things for the sake of the random user who might read about this little spot.1) They supply Russ & Daughters so the reviews saying you're better off going to Russ & Daughters are a bit silly. You'd be getting the same thing. And you'd be paying more for it.2) You can buy the salmon just about way you want it, sliced, whole, chunky. The reviews saying that you have to slice everything yourself are not to be believed.3) The flavor of any single type of salmon is not going to be the exact same every time you order. Acme does a great job of being reliable but this isn't McDonald's - the salmon supply chain is volatile, linked to seasonal changes, sources, the weather, and just about everything else that happens in the natural environment. You'll note that if you visit Acme on those fabulous frugal Fridays you can taste anything you want before you buy it in bulk. If it's not the flavor you remember, don't buy it. 4) You're better off walking from the L than taking the G to get here. You could stop for coffee at Bakeri or Blue Bottle. On the way home you could hit Bagelsmith and take a lox slice for a test drive without paying retail. Maybe if you're really making this a special occasion you could hoof it up to Manhattan Ave for a donut at Peter Pan. Your call. Just saying you have options. 5) There are reliable, regular flavors like dill, pastrami and pepper but there are occasional changes in the lineup too, like pineapple salsa. It's best to try samples of these before you buy. Some flavors are seem still in the experimental stages. Some basic tips I've learned for storing the salmon:Put it in a glass container when you get home. They'll package the product in waxed paper but this still, and quickly, absorbs the oils from the fish. Once it does that handling the paper will leave your hands slick and fishy. Use the glass container because the oils from the fish can bind to a plastic container, stain it, and leave a residual funk. I'm not going to link to anything but you could read up on lipids binding to polymers and whatnot. Don't eat too much at once. All that fish oil can do wacky things to your pipes. Other random factoid:Sake means salmon in Japanese if you say it with the long "e" sound, like "sahk-ee". It you say it with an "eh"  you're ordering a drink, as in "sahk-eh".
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/13/2012,72,160,,6,6>Farm to Sandwich!   Farm to Sandwich!  You know Landhaus from Brooklyn Flea but now you can go have their delightful sammies anytime (well, maybe for a limited time) this winter.  The first brick and mortar location opened up at People's Pops spot, who are on hiatus until warmer months.  Sadness, but instead of ice pop dormancy, we are treated with sandwich construction activity!  Yay!There's a small but tasty menu which includes a shredded grass-fed short rib sandwich, roasted mushroom sandwich, a pork meatball with arugula, cauliflower soup and of course, their muy famoso Grilled Maple Bacon Sticks... yes they are precisely that and out of control.  Menu is written on a blackboard so most likely will rotate, so I'm assuming the sandwiches and soups will be driven by what is farm-available.  So excited to have Landhaus move in to fatten up during the winter.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,12/12/2012,55,283,4,8,5>It has been quite a long road for Fletcher's. When my (now) wife and I moved into our building, the retail space was going to be a bar named WTF. It seems they lost their investors and gave up the space. It was taken up by BBQ Billy's to become Fletcher's. My wife began following them on Facebook and helped get people form our building to sign the liquor license petition. We saw on Facebook and in real life as they had their custom cooker was delivered, as the vents went up the sides of the building and as the interior took shape (by peeking in the door during construction). We were glad to finally see the finished product and try it out.I am not a huge fan of BBQ, but the scents wafting out of this place are delicious. I got 1/4lb of St. Louis Ribs, 1/4lb of pork shoulder, and 1/4lb char Siu pork. This might seem like a lot of food, but I am a big guy and I eat a lot. The ribs and the shoulder were good but the char siu pork was outstanding and had great flavor.My only problem is that it is a bit expensive. I think most offerings range ~$14/lb, but the Char siu pork is $18/lb. So for me, a big guy, I can't just get 1/4lb - it ends up being ~$25 for less than a pound of meat. Sides are also a bit expensive at $5 for a smallish serving. One positive in terms of price - $3 beers (according to my neighbors).The staff is friendly and one of the cooks/pit masters always waves when I walk by. Though they do not open until 5pm, this guy is here before 9am making sure everything is ready to go.I believe the do accept credit cards using a 'square' attachment, but I didn't see it until after paying with cash and I am not sure if they accept both visa and American Express.It is surprisingly busy on most nights, and I assume they are probably still working out how much of each dish they need to cook, but once they are open a little longer, things will be smoother.Also, if you are looking for work, they are hiring.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,12/11/2012,598,616,28,20,18>I just died and went to shiksa heaven. Here's why:-Everyone knows vegans and pareve kosher food are a match made in heaven. I recently even decided to eat pareve instead of vegan - I was having a protein issue and so expanded my palate to include the neutral eggs and fish, which along with all things vegan, count as pareve. So this is a great place to find everything I could ever want, and things I never even knew existed. I also enjoy the fact that knish has its own heading on the aisle signage. -I think Jewish guys are cuuuuuuuuute. There are lots of cute Jewish guys here, if lurking is your thing (it's mine, heh). And ladies, don't worry, I also think you are beautiful (really, I do). I am just enamored with the Jewish community in general, so it's a nice space to be in (even if middle aged women will glance disapprovingly at your bike shorts and all the cute guys won't look even once at you, sigh). But really, this is a very cool way to support and be among the community, if you, like me, can't actually be a part of it (SUPER SAD FACE FOREVER). -I didn't think prices here were that horrible, especially considering that this is basically the kosher Whole Foods. I bought mostly things I came in for (chickpeas, lemons, gum) and none of them were expensive at all. The things I wanted that were expensive (Israeli chocolate spread omgggg), I knew I wouldn't die without and didn't buy, and most other things (Earth Balance, Tofutti cream cheese) were reasonably, normally priced. I was lucky enough to have my friend with me who grew up Chassidish, and he gave me the inside scoop on things I would probably like that I would have never known existed without him. -This store is huge and clean and easy to get to, and customer service is excellent with a ton of employees around. I want to come back so hard! Next time I won't be sweaty, sunburned, and immodestly dressed. Girl's gotta have some respect, sometimes, anyway. :) _Aaaand here's a music video for you to enjoy featuring Pomegranate (8th Day, Ya'alili) youtube.com/watch?v=3fXI
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,12/10/2012,557,1415,7,4,2>Pork-tacular!That's the best way to describe a lot of things (wink, wink, nudge, nudge) but in particular, the meal I had at Dressler.Was meeting a buddy for dinner at another swanky W'burg restaurant but when I saw the "Grade Pending" in the window there, I recommended heading somewhere else, which turned out to be Dressler. After being seated by the gorgeous hostess, we ordered our kick-ass cocktails.  I had my usual drink called The Brooklyn (Old Overholt Rye, Maraschino, Cocchi Sweet Vermouth, AmerPicon)  It was so manly that it makes your standard Manhattan look like a uterus.  Excellent!On the food front, we started with crispy baby artichokes, with Baby Arugula, Shaved Parmesan, Lemon & Creamy Garlic Dressing. Also had them at DuMont and they were just as good.  I could eat that stuff every day.  Exceptional!Now here comes the pork...the heritage pork loin and roasted belly, with Creamy White Polenta, Collard Greens, Shitakes & Pork Jus.   Everything about this dish was absolutely perfect....I can't say enough good things.Next time I walk in here I'm going to ask them to artichoke and pork me* and you should too.  __________________________________________________­_____*Oddly enough, I say that same thing at a bar in Hell's Kitchen, but in a completely different context.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,12/9/2012,159,292,9,7,5>OH. EM. Gizzle. I mean Gee. I mean jizzle. I mean... I just creamed my jeggings this place is so darn GOOD!!!!! WOOO HOOOO!!!!! AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DELICIOSO.... Let me tell you: one time, in Venezuela, I flew to Caracas for like, FOUR days because I am gangsta like that and it was American Thanksgiving... Whoo whoo hah hhah so yea we had some bomb empanadas down there. My wealthy Argentine friend Val had a housekeeper (who lived in her sick apt in the 'big (beeg) sticks' year round while her parents only resided there maybe six weeks out of the whole year. Mega bucks. Like those subway ads that are so gauche they're all "Yeah, THAT kind of rich..." But she was!!! I think I had a good intro to empanadas and since in the states I have only really scoffed at the ones I've seen here. They are just not that good-looking. I'm gonna review Tabare soon too because their empanadas are also amazing. So WHERE is the review, you ask? Of THIS place? Ok. Here goes: Got a vegetarian empanada, it was about 6" long and 4"across and maybe 1.5" deep. Maybe 2" deep... stuffed with the most delightful of things: caramelized coconut flakes that squirted their delicious sweet greasy juice onto the black beans, the fried/caramelized plantain and sauteed green peppers with a bit of jalepeno (or jabenero? either/or) spread throughout for extra amazing spice. Comes with three sauces: TRY THEM ALL!!!! I loved the green one. It was slightly cucumber-y, then the green one was actually really spicy (good) and a sort of mayo-esque one... We wanted to get the coconut milkshake but they were out. We also split the arepa with beef/plantain/salty queso.... WOW.... perfectly stewed beef, totally tender, amazing flavors, in an authentic corn type flatbread. It was like, so effin dreamy that I was stressed out about it ending. And I was stressed out about the trio of sauces, which also all proved to be unbearably delightful, so I was all... "Should I squirt some green sauce in there? Or will it dilute the already awesomeness happening inside?" So mind-bendingly awesome that I couldn't take it. I'm still stressed about it. This is like what my Buddhist lamas say is the kind of food that maybe creates attachment and so pay attention to that. I can definitely see getting all wrapped up in a fantasy about this beef while trying to calm-abide. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm. I mean, om. Whatever. It's so good!!!! Empanadas are $5 each and probably enough for a meal alone, but your mouth will want more. Trust. The arepa was like $7. So altogether we got this great lunch with tax and tip for about $11 each. Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum. Love.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,12/8/2012,440,260,2,5,5>A sports bar with no frills but a whole lot of fun!  Don't expect a lot of fancy decorations or skimpy girls in shiny orange shorts. Come here for the $5 drafts and well drinks all day long, everyday.  Come for the 7 TVs tuned to every game, every Sunday.  Come for the plentiful seating with plenty of tables to rest your drinks.  Come for the very energetic owner who runs around the bar cheering for his team.  Come and bring/order your own food from Kimchee Grill (just opened across the street), Superwings, Wing Wagon...I love BYOFood!  And best of all, the bathrooms are CLEAN (and the ladies' room has a pink toilet)!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,12/7/2012,110,253,8,14,13>It's as if the chef of The Pines went on an Italian joyride with Lil Wayne, Jackson Pollock, and a bunch of local burly Italian chefs and they all did head stands and drank excessive amounts of Hennessy and tripped on shots of pork infused seafood butter and deep earth funk and they heard the earth whisper her secrets and Angelo was the only one who made it out. Once you see the platings and taste the food for yourself, you'll understand. The chef, Angelo Romano, is doing something very true to the ingredients but completely unique and from his own school of thought. Very fun, surprising, and delicious.The menu reads deceptively simple, but behind the scenes the art of cooking is absolutely complex. The understanding of hitting all the flavor notes is incredible, the tastes are all sublimely constructed.Some faves: Oxtail agnolotti in crab brodo, the apples in sheepsmilk, the mussels & pasta, the steak, the japanese grilled half lobster... really, EVERYthing... didn't have a miss, and we tasted the whole menu. I especially recommend all the handmade pastas and any course with shellfish.Hands Down, Top 5 Restaurants to open in 2012. It's a little pricey, but I can't say enough good things about The Pines, it's crazy good. 5 STARS
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,1/31/2014,150,173,6,10,7>Love this place. They have incredible wine, make a mean cocktail and their food is delicious!I love the fact that it's a proper restaurant with a well stocked bar, friendly and efficient bartenders and a view of the open train tracks over third avenue. There's something about a posh restaurant on a gritty city street that just captures my heart. They also make my favorite cocktail (Aperol Spritz)  to perfection every time. If you're in Gowanus I highly recommend Bar Tano for dinner and drinks. The ambiance, friendly staff, delicious foods and well made cocktails will make for a lovely evening in the flourishing third avenue business district of Gowanus. I highly recommend it :-)
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,1/30/2014,129,217,4,10,7>YES! Finally an awesome burger joint within easy reach of my neighborhood. The Oaxaca burger ended up being a pretty damn big portion so I totally overate. It's definitely richer and more filling than the other burgers, so if you're a lightweight, order one of the burgers with fewer toppings (inexpensive, starting at $7!). I came with friends and each of our burgers were cooked precisely as we'd asked, no easy feat when the shop has a constant line. I like that this place operates more like an upscale fast-food place than a sit-down service restaurant. Think: Shake Shack, with bigger burgers, more toppings, and no ridiculous wait. No waiters means that the service is fast, and that you and your group can linger and have a really great, uninterrupted conversation. Seriously, best burger options in the neighborhood.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/29/2014,124,227,3,8,6>I know we just met Crown Inn, and I don't want to scare you away by giving you too many stars too soon, but I think I might be in love with you. The Crown Inn is located on the edge of the trendy part of Crown Heights/Prospect Heights, just far enough from the main area to not be party central. You will definitely want to party here, but it'll be a more chill party with friends or a casual/romantic date instead of that party where you see who can do the most shots without puking. The decor is dark and warm, like any good bar should be, and made me feel at home immediately. The first thing that sucked me in though, was the music. They were doing a Lou Reed tribute (which tells me they are upstanding citizens with respect for a punk rock legend and music icon) mixed with some Bowie and soul jams. The perfect music to enjoy a pumpkin cider on a chilly fall night to. Pumpkin cider you say? Yes, pumpkin cider! The well and taps are are well chosen and there is a wide variety of things to choose from, the bar staff was also really great.I've heard they have a really nice patio as well, but you know, we just met....so its a little soon for me to be checking out their patio don't you think? Also its chilly out kids! This bar made me feel happy and homey all at once, and if you need any  more incentive than that- there's also a kick ass happy hour until 8pm during the week. That pumpkin cider I spoke so fondly of? $4 during happy hour! Now that's my kinda bar...
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,1/27/2014,267,351,3,9,5>First off, let me just preface this by saying this is a great date spot. Now that we've got that out of the way:I came in here for dinner one evening for a couple reasons, 1) I'd never been here before and I was told that it's awesome. 2) they have TVs so you could watch the Knicks game if you were so inclined. Though this season, I'm not sure why anyone besides me would wanna torture themselves with that stupid plan.I wasn't VERY hungry because it was around Thanksgiving and i'd eaten some leftovers earlier that day, that were yummy. That considered, I decided to have the Marietta burger with cheese, while my friend got a sampler platter that had the duck & chicken mousse, ham, proscuitto, and a few other things to eat with bread. Neither of us were super hungry so I think we ordered well. We each got drinks as well: I got one of the whiskey drinks (the one that's closest to a Manhattan) which was great, while my friend got one of their refreshing juice drinks, which are alcoholic. They come in a mason jar and are just yummy, with fruits and ice and such. They would make an excellent summer beverage, but worked just as well in the Fall/winter.My burger was really good, and basically the PERFECT amount of food for me. The sampler platter my friend got though sure did have a lot of food in it! She was eating for a good amount of time and still couldn't finish all the stuff that came with it. All of this goodness happened at the bar, which is where the TVs are in the space. Of course there are spots to sit down and eat, regular dinner style, but we didn't really want to do that. Also the bartender was playing the best assortment of mid-90s R&B I've heard since...well the mid-90s! I really wanted to get the friend chicken, but I've been to HotHouse, and I was told that since i've already had their yummy fried chicken that it would probably make the most sense to try something new...I'm glad I got the burger. But next time I go back, I'm either getting the chicken or their infamous 8-hr oxtail...which the bartender assured me the chef actually cooks for 8 hours! Go here...and eat their stuff.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,1/26/2014,2946,2194,11,16,14>Toby's Estate has got style points in spades.This cafe is perfect for a coffee date, whether it's with that cutie you met on the subway or your latest book. There's room for road warriors to bang out work, at least weekdays when it's less crowded. Plus, there's Wi-Fi if you need it.Their coffee's kind of mystical, and on equal footing with Blue Bottle. Pour-over brewing makes for a beautiful alternative to quick serve coffee. It slows you down, and lets you appreciate life. Their Los Idolos (Colombian; $4/cup, cards accepted) will perk you up with its lemon twist, while touches of golden raisins and brown sugar round things up nicely.Shout-out to the server who "yummmm-ed" as she poured me my coffee. I've never had that happen before, and I sure hope it happens again.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,1/25/2014,55,346,5,9,6>This was the nightcap venue of choice and perfectly suitable for said purpose. Fancy marbled counters and oysters up the wazoo, drinks don't come cheap here but you definitely get what you pay for. I'd say you should come here on a fancy date and probably not if you're starving, since emphasis is definitely on quality and not quantity. While I'm a vegetarian and didn't partake in the food, the cocktails were certainly substantial enough to serve as a healthy dessert. If you want to impress someone with pretty interior design, this is likely one of the top places to do it, at least in the 'Burg.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,1/24/2014,96,223,8,10,7>We schlepped over to Il Porto in the middle of a snowstorm, but no worries. The arduous walk there, during which I fell on my bum, actually added to the charm of this Italian eatery out in the middle of nowhere. When we arrived, we realized that there were actually two different rooms: a pizzeria-type room and a dining room. There were only three other couples out braving the storm, which left plenty of empty tables for us. The ambiance here is at once rustic and intimate. And even in the craziest of weathers, there was still live jazz.We started with drinks and a salad: red wine sangria and Spinaci salad (baby spinach, Bartlett pears, gorgonzola, crispy pancetta, and red wine vinaigrette). The salad was huge, extremely light, and fresh. The sangria was wine-forward (is that a thing you can say?) and chock full of alcoholic fruit. For our main course we ordered the grandma pie (thin crust, homemade fresh mozzarella, fresh tomato, basil, olive oil, grated cheese). I think this may be the best pizza I've had in New York so far, and it is DEFINITELY the best sauce. Worth falling on your bum many times over.The service was perfect.  Friendly, prompt, not overzealous. Perfect. The price was reasonable, too. I will definitely be back for dinner and brunch (the La Fiorentina sounds fantastic).
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,1/23/2014,307,1212,10,8,5>They have a backyard now! However, you can't smoke in it for some reason.Their menu is a book of cocktails with great illustrations and basically stories written about each drink.I only stayed for one drink just to check out the space. There's a mish-mash of different chairs in the back, most of which look like they're from the 70s and 80s. Also some picnic tables.The drink I had was the Thyme After Thyme (After Thyme). Super tasty if you're into thyme. I need to stop saying thyme.Anyway, go here for a good thyme!Sorry.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,1/22/2014,89,272,8,11,8>After months of cajoling, my boyfriend finally relented and we went here for an early dinner today. I loved the kitschy soviet-era decor and had a blast looking through the stacks of Russian records by the cash register as we were seated nearby. By the time I got to an exercise album which was titled, according to my poor Cyrillic reading skills, Ree-tim Tsuvskaya (Rhythm Chuvskaya), I was thoroughly amused, 2 stars were given and the food wasn't even ordered yet.The menu by itself, is a gem. All the items on it have funny titles or catchphrases. We took way too long to order because we wanted to read every single thing. On the outside, it looks like a classified KGB file. Ha!We decided to get a cold appetizer first and since because I didn't get to try the potato salad at another Russian place because they ran out, we ordered the Olivier salad and it did not disappoint. It had mayo, potatoes, chives, carrots, peas, tuna, bologna, and rabbit. Yes. Rabbit. I was already full at this point but since I couldn't be a wuss now, I decided to soldier on and order an entree. Settled on my old favorite, the beef stroganoff and E wanted to try their signature dish, Back to USSR, which was mainly a chicken kiev w/ potato chips. My stroganoff was creamy, buttery, and delicious ... I probably should've gotten the kasha (buckwheat jumble) with it to balance it out but the mashed potatoes did their thing. E was not as excited as I was since he gets to have Russian food at his house but this was a real treat for me.Did not try out their desserts as I was already about to burst .Bathroom report: It was clean and the walls are covered w/ soviet-era newspapers. I was in there for a long time trying to read it all and the person outside the stall I was in probably heard me cracking up inside.Entertainment: If the gimmicky decor doesn't do it for you, they have live entertainment. According to one of the performers they are 'better than Broadway'. haha!I am so celebrating my birthday here.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/21/2014,786,1284,6,13,12>oh, BALLS... someone beat me to reviewing this place first! heheh. beautiful design inside. industrial, beautifully lit, big warehouse/factory feeling and cool cafe vibe. their decor is very pleasing to the eye- not too much and just hipster-to-modern-japanese-chill-cafe. no big tables- for now, it's booth/bar seating. their milk/juice station is super smart and cute. it's a big metal basin with milks and juices iced inside the basin. i lurrrrve it. i made friendly with the barista/cashier. "hajimamashite! watashi wa joolie desu." he was super friendly but quiet... however, we talked about my mother and his father both lived in Nagano when they were young. don't ask them too many questions about the menu... because it's super straight forward BENTO or SANDWICH. i lie, because they have japanese curry as a main dish, too. =Pi asked Daisuke what he would recommend and this was his response. "well- our meatBALLS are specially made from from the meatBALL factory... so, the BALL will be the specialty." TRUE. i do love my BALLS. Mabes had the salmon sandwich. it looked super delicious. she approved. I had a craving for homemade japanese curry- so that's the route i took. with a little salad, pickled veggies and jalepeno relish tasted wonderful with the combination of the curry over rice. i wish the portion was bigger, but that's because i'm a fatty. i also wished that they had more BALL options. like turkey meatballs, chicken meatballs, lentil balls, takoyaki (octopus) ball, etc. they have delicious coffee... i stuck with my usual, the iced coffee. LOVE THIS PLACE. BALLS.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,5/22/2012,231,165,9,11,8>I love Commonwealth. And I can't put my finger on exactly why. Basically, this bar is a mash up between a sketchy dive bar and a classy bring-your-date-here bar, and there's something about that that charms the pants off of me. Commonwealth has A LOT of awesome brews on tap. A bunch of which I had never heard of, which is how you know this place is legit.The seating isn't too shabby. In addition to barstools lined along the bar, there are several tables with benches against the opposite wall of the bar. But, don't fret, if wooden benches aren't your thing, there are plenty of chairs to go around.The environment is super low key. This is, by no means, a queer space, but on the night that I went there were two ladies makin' out at the bar. And no one looked twice. Love it. A few other folks were getting their kiss on [including me, yeah!], but no one was skeezy or tacky about it. I'm into that.We didn't eat here - but it's nice that they offer food. Sometimes you just need a little somethin' somethin' to soak up all of that booze.The bathrooms are nice. Two single-stalled beuts towards the back of the room. I love having privacy while I pee. Especially when I'm drunk.The only thing that was a bummer about Commonwealth was that when my date spilled her drink as she was picking it up to transport it from the bar to our table, instead of comping the new drink, the bartender made her pay for it. Eh. I've never been in the company of someone that spilled their drink at a bar, but as someone who used to work in a coffeeshop, when someone spilled their goods, the embarrassment of having done it was payment enough --- they always got a replacement on the house on my watch. Maybe the protocol is different when alcohol is involved, but I still thought that it was kinda crummy. But, all in all, this bar is pretty stellar.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,5/21/2012,170,236,6,8,6>Who wants 3 thighs of fried chicken and 3 biscuits with 2 different types of hot sauce and 1 butter/honey spread for $11!? I do, I do!Who wants to play arcade games...for free?! I do, I do!Who wants a free round of shots?! I do, I do!Who wears short shorts!? I do, I do!On a more serious note, all of the above are true. This incognito dive bar pushes out some damn good fried chicken. The breading is crunchy, doesn't get your fingers oily and you don't feel like 300 lbs when you leave. I have to say that the breading wasn't seasoned with much salt but the chicken was piping hot, extremely juicy and melted in your mouth. If you want salty fried chicken, go talk to Colonel Sanders. To top it off, they have $10 pitchers of Williamsbrau, a light, clean, crisp beer, to wash down your fried goodness.Happy hour is until 7 PM on weeknights and 6 PM on weekends. $2 off beer along with other specials. Seat yourself and order at the bar.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,5/20/2012,27,5,15,7,6>When I first moved to New York, I was depressed. The city was beautiful, the bright lights shone like a billion little stars overhead, and the architecture was breathtaking. However, all of this was not enough for me. I had a hunger that not even all of these elements could soothe. What was I hungry for? A baguette.Back in Baltimore I was spoiled. I lived very close to a Panera Bread where the baguettes are delicious, bountiful, and cheaply priced. I knew that in the city there would be baguettes, but my head was ready to explode from the prospect of having to wade through all of the poorly crafted artisan breads to find the true breaded champion.I began to frantically search through Google for what people considered New York's best baguette. After wading through pages of horse porn, penis enlargement ads, and infomercials trying to sell me Slap-Chops, I finally arrived at a "Best of Baguettes" list. I scoured the list, reading the descriptions of the doughy delights deciding which would be best for me.You see, finding the right baguette is like adopting a child. It's an extremely important decision that isn't to be made under the influence of alcohol or other mind altering substances. You don't want to adopt your baguette from a bakery that looks like it hasn't been cleaned since the 1930's and is stocked with employees who don't truly care for the baguette crafting process. The decision is truly life-changing. In fact, Winston Churchill once said that the hardest decision that he had to make during World War II was which bakery would supply his morning baguette. Baguettes are the reason that Hitler conquered France. Why did the Senate stab Caesar on that sorry day in March? He'd imposed a new tax on baguettes. People take this shit seriously. Heed my warning here folks, baguettes are one of the most important things in life. Without a good baguette in your belly, you are NOTHING. I knew that I had to seek out my baguette or else all hope would be lost.I saw it there on the list. Almondine Bakery. Could this be it? Could this be the baguette that I sought? I laced up my sneakers, pulled on my winter coat, and began my pilgrimage trekking over the Brooklyn Bridge into Dumbo. When I arrived at the bakery, the rich aroma of baking bread filled my olfactory. I closed my eyes and was encompassed by the smell, which had actually lifted me off of the ground. I began floating in mid air, a choir of angels being the only sound filling my ears. However, I was still skeptical. That is, until I bought the baguette and took a bite. Immediately, I was cured of the ebola virus that I had contracted while hiking in Ghana, I felt at one with the universe, and I miraculously grew to be a man (I had previously been a woman, I forgot to mention that). This was the baguette that I had been searching for.If you would like a similar experience to happen to you, I recommend visiting Almondine Bakery. Your life will never be the same.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/19/2012,100,286,4,9,4>I've been (non-creepily-I-swear) following Chef Simmon's career for several years, and I am overjoyed that he has found his niche just blocks from my apartment. We opted to share a few plates, and the stand out was definitely the truffle-honey fried chicken. I had sampled this dish a few months ago at a yelp event, and have woken up every morning since, weeping in frustration, having dreamed of this golden substance that still eluded my taste buds. This is a MUST TRY.The beets on fluffy lavender-ricotta are nothing to sneeze at either. I could easily eat this by the boatful.While the food was amazing, the service made the evening really special. Our adorable waitress was spot-on with her suggestions (Thanks for introducing me to the Innis & Hen brew, delicious!), patient with our anxiety over ordering the perfect dish, and even commiserated with our complaints of boys who do not have adventurous palates (my ladies like a little spice).I must mention the music selection. It was played at an appropriate volume, and offered a fun, eclectic selection that pleased both my folk-lady loving self, and my hip-hop only GF, Jillian H.  A delicate balance to strike, but they pulled it off.To top off the evening, Chef bought a round of champagne for the entire restaurant to celebrate their newly minted "A" grade from the DoH. To an A+ evening all around, cheers, Kiwiana!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,5/18/2012,88,79,7,9,3>I agree with many of the other reviewers that this is, indeed, my favorite banh mi spot. I have had a bunch from here - the classic, the veggie ham, shitake mushroom, the pho banh mi, fish, roast pork, seafood, pork belly - and also a couple of the summer rolls and some tasty broccoli they had one day. I have brought people here and they too find it amazing. Some were eating banh mi's for the first time and have since been fully converted. The owner is a little gruff sometimes, but you, sir, have earned full gruff-rights when you are serving up delicious, reasonably priced food that is so good I want to try everything on the menu. I recommend this as highly as breathing oxygen.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,5/17/2012,177,109,5,14,8>This place rocks.I haven't gotten new frames in years, so I decided to give myself a little belated birthday gift and splurge on a good pair.  I am ridiculously picky, so I was a little worried I'd be spending hours trying on everything in the store, but the customer service here is so amazing that it prevented me from being lost in a sea of frames.  I walked in and was immediately greeted by the super friendly staff.  Lila was fantastic - I briefly explained the type of frame I wanted and she picked out a handful of frames of exactly what I was looking for.  I tried on about a dozen or so frames.  She helped tremendously by giving her opinion and helping me decide.  I ended up with the perfect pair, which were ready less than 24 hours later!  I will definitely be back the next time I need some new frames!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,5/16/2012,247,599,6,8,4>Because it was our first visit, we used our standard coffee shop/diner checklist:Friendly: VERYCoffee right away: YESHot Coffee: YESWater: CAME WITH A LEMON WEDGE Clean: SPOTLESSFast service without feeling rushed: YESIn fact the only thing I did not like when we arrived was the music and then suddenly they switched and played 50's music...perfect for a diner!So what about the food...DELICIOUS!  I was good and had the 4 eggs whites, seasoned spinach and turkey special with whole wheat toast (hey, once in a while I can eat healthy). When I ordered I did not notice it came with spinach which I usually only like raw but this spinach was really tasty.  My companion had scrambled eggs with cheese, rye toast and homefries. She is a picky eater and LOVED the eggs...in fact she said they were the best diner eggs she has ever had...light and fluffy. She was less enthusiastic about the homefries but I tasted them and thought they were very good.D&D is everything a coffee shop/diner should be!Update:  Used the bathroom for the first time this past Sunday, wow it was nicer than my apartment (okay that isn't saying all the much :-)!  Loved the signs hanging in the bathroom (you will have to go there to see what they say) and their new high speed hand driers!Another update: I had never been during the lunch rush hour. If you get a chance, sit at the counter and watch how fast Billy, the owner, expedites the orders. It is like watching one of those top chef programs! Oh, also try the blueberry muffins (made with fresh blueberries) cooked on the grill. OMG...incredible!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/15/2012,168,363,8,14,12>Walking into D'Amico makes me wish I grew up in Carroll Gardens. It has that family/home-y feel to it, that's harder to find now a days. I prefer to buy my coffee here, rather than at a chain market. Why, you ask? Because they roast their beans every day, on site* and have been doing so since 1948. Every time I go here to buy a pound or so of coffee I am warmly greeted and the staff are always so nice and friendly. I love walking home with a bag of freshly ground coffee and can't wait to brew a pot. I haven't yet had any sandwiches, but I hear they're pretty tasty. Ah, next time for sure. D'Amico, please don't ever change. Thank you.*Yea, I know there's a self-entitled yuppie/hipster uproar over the coffee roasting. My message to those who passive-aggressively called 311 and complained about the smell of coffee: Get a life and get over yourselves.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,5/14/2012,123,172,7,9,7>Oh my good grief, I must have died and gone to heaven...The boyfriend and I were like kids in a candy store when we found this spot, right around the corner from our neighborhood favorite Berry Park! Cheap bowling, trivia nights, concrete floors and wooden tables, beer, beer, and more beer, a pool table, and an old school table hockey game. They have a bowling league, made up of some of the grungiest, coolest bowlers I've seen in a long time. I felt like I stepped into some alternative familiar world on those lanes, beer in hand, snuggled up with the boyfriend, that reaked of nostalgia from my hometown cool of Austin, Texas mixed with a little bit of cool from "The Big Lebowski." It was just cool, is what I'm trying to say here, and I want to be there, again, soon, getting trashed and playing games with good friends, again, soon.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,5/13/2012,64,204,5,4,5>Damn. This place is sexy. It's gorgeous and well lit and the location is just perfect. The patio is stunning and I can't wait for a warm summer's evening to go back.My roommate and I went during Dine-In Brooklyn week, and our food was just awesome. My meal was as follows: short rib appetizer (perfectly tender and so well seasoned), acorn squash, and white chocolate strawberry bread pudding. I don't remember what she got because let's face it, I met her after happy hour (but that usually doesn't happen...).I can't believe I put off going to eat at this place. The acorn squash was so interesting. I'd never had it before but wanted to see what it was like; it wasn't the consistency I expected but it was so smooth. It was served with a little mashed potatoes (to keep the roasted squash in place), and the plate itself was appealing to the eye. Two open faced roasted squash halves on a plate. Simple and elegant. The dessert was good but nothing I'd scream to the moon about. The real piece de la resistance was the short rib appetizer. There was some sort of balsamic reduction on it. God. I wanted that to be my entire meal. Who needs dessert or vegetables when you have vinegar and beef?!A must. I want to go back with a serious date.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,5/1/2012,674,592,5,8,7>Ever been to Greece before?Would you rather just cut to the chase and do a food tour of Greece instead?  Do you want to smell the food and get drunk off of it?If you've answered "YES" to some, or all of the above, then congrats!  You've found your Greek get-away at an affordable cost without sacrificing the quality and quantity part; you know, the part that all Yelpers are VERY serious about.This little corner Greek restaurant might be easily passed up by the unsuspecting passer-by, but through word of mouth, my beau and I decided to get on the donkey (this is Greece no?) and do what they do in Greece - OOOPPPAAA!  Oh, and before you get all excited, be sure to book reservations; this place fills fast, and you don't wanna tease yourself and not get to eat the first time around.  The interior had soft Greek music playing in the background, and their selection seemed vast from the pile of CDs lining the shelf in the front behind the host's desk.  Greek instruments hang dainty on the wall, as if someone not too long ago just finished playing.  Crisp, clean, beautifully lit; I felt like I was on my first date all over again honestly, as we sat in the corner closed to the wine rack.  Hello you tasty wines!  You tempt me!We ordered both the sandwich and platter gyros and they were beautiful presentation wise and taste!  No grease here my friends!  Embrace the red onions and the lamb on that pita!  Oh, and the baklava actually sent me back to Athens for a brief moment in time, and then took me back to Meze.  Leaving here without dessert is unlawful and down right silly talk.For all this, ~$30 for two; I will be frequenting here more often, and if you do too, say hello and pass the grape leaves!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,4/30/2012,281,281,17,17,22>Translated from Italian Barboncino means James' new home. Okay that might not be accurate but it should be.When there's no food in the fridge -- I'm here.When I'm too lazy to cook -- I'm hereWhen I'm in the mood for great pizza -- I'm here.And the pizza here is consistently excellent.  The standout pies are the Sopressata Picante and the Neapolitan Meatball. The former should be their signature pie, the spicy tang of the sauce gives this pie a nice kick. The latter combines two of my favorite things meatballs and pizza.If there is a criticism it is that the use of garlic is very noticeable. I love garlic but it does lead to some pies tasting similar. This is not a bad thing, it's just that different pies don't have say the variety of pies at somewhere like Roberta's. Vegetarians won't be left out as there are four pies without meat, plus salads. Also of note for vegetarians, or anyone who likes to eat really, is the white bean and pesto appetizer. Having ordered it numerous times it's a tasty start to your meal.Also of note is the dessert. Gelato is your only choice. That sounds like a bad thing until you try the expresso gelato. Sweet and rich with a wonderful kick. I also enjoy the vanilla and caramel ( get it with sea salt sprinkled on top).Price wise it's pretty moderate unless you consume too much wine or booze. And the big question ---Is it on par with my favorites (Luzzo's, Roverta's, Paulie Gee's) ?Yes. It's closeness  to home is a wonderful thing ( my pants seem to disagree). 4.5 stars***I will ask the owners to please continue to play jazz. Sipping a Merlot, while eating Sopresseta Picante pie as Coltrane, Jackie McClean and Wes Montgomery play in the background  make me feel way cooler than I am. ***
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,4/29/2012,206,143,5,7,9>My major issue with Dram: it's so good that I find myself often disappointed while at at other really good bars because they don't quite measure up. Evidence of why it's so incredible: 1. For $10 (!!!) you can get a truly mindblowing drink from one of the city's top talents. How they do this and turn a profit I do not know. If you live here you are well aware that this is not the NYC going rate. Undercutting the competition on price is one thing but these guys are not messing around with anything less than top-notch drinks, so it's not like you're slumming it. 2. It lacks the scantest trace of pretentiousness. These guys are mixing gods and you'd never know it. And if you are a rookie and know jack squat about cocktails no one is going to make you feel like a moron. 3. It is at once dead serious about the product and yet unusually fun and welcoming. One time on a random less-than-busy weeknight one of the bartenders felt like mixing something up and gave everyone there a round on the house just for being fun people on a Monday night. On more crowded evenings no one on staff gets in a bad mood because they have to make more drinks for impatient people. This is increasingly rare. 4. The space: beautifully finished, comfortable, intimate but not claustrophobic, nice windows to let in a breeze on warmer nights. In a word, faultless. Also love that you slide a wooden spoon to lock the bathroom door. Absolutely no idea why but this is just a fun thing to do. 5. The Penicillin. They didn't invent it but it's currently my favorite drink on the planet and this version is beyond reproach (including candied ginger garnish). Get one immediately if you have even a passing interest in single malt, ginger, or citrus.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,4/28/2012,77,151,16,12,6>Gentlemen - Let's talk about your Valentine's Day plans. First, take a look at the reviews. Notice a trend? Most of them are written by women. Next, take a look at the rating...  The secret is out. The ladies love it here. They love it as a date place, not a ladies night place.Once you arrive, you're transported to that cozy main street spot in your favorite mountain town.It's dark, it's cozy, it's intimate, it even has a fireplace. Now that you've taken it in, it's time to order that bottle of wine. If you don't drink wine, tonight's the night to start because it's the right thing to do. Take your time tonight, you won't feel rushed at any point. The menu is tiny, but unique enough to pull you in, keep you intrigued, and make you hungry for more. In one sitting, you might end up ordering just about the entire menu + a cheese plate (guilty). It's just fun.  When I was younger, I thought the romantic move was to spoil my date with an over the top Italian dinner at that neighborhood joint with the kitschy decor. Adults, it's time to try something different. Getting stuffed on massive italian dishes on V- Day is so 1997.Small plates, bottles of wine, cheese plates, tea lights, and love glances has Valentines Day 2012 written all over it.**Disclaimer**Black Mountain is creepily off the beaten path. If your date's palm starts to sweat, it's because she thinks you're going to murder her and throw her in the canal. First dates should take a cab or walk from Smith Street. I usually walk from the Union R train (the creepy way).
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,4/27/2012,382,500,14,22,20>I really like this pizza joint. I want to tell you about this Grandpa's pie they have. It is friggin' delicious. It's on foccacia, with onions and ricotta cheese and it quite possibly the best thing they have going on. Maybe it's just me, though, but it kindof makes you smell like a Grandpa after you eat it. But I think it's worth it. Otherwise, they have solid pizza, but the grandMA pie is randomly not just grandpa without onions, it was a slightly disappointing and totally different crust and cheese (that waxy mozarrella kind you get everywhere). Their stromboli is good, with slightly sweet brioche-y dough. And their regular pies have always arrived hot and gooey, which is exactly how you want them when you want pizza.I always forget and keep ordering the antipasti salad which is a disappointing mix of canned olives, waxy white cheese, packaged salami and iceburg lettuce. But it's a ginormous serving of all this stuff, which is ok in small doses, for $6.It's my favorite pizza place that delivers to Windsor Terrace, so it's my go-to.And best of all, they're on seamlessweb.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,4/26/2012,126,96,2,5,3>I was super stressed, ready to pull out my hair over grad school applications and I desperately needed to get out the house and exhale. I was on the hunt for a local coffee shop with wi-fi that I could sit in, sip some chai and finish these essays that were driving me up a wall. Quick search landed me here. It's such an inconspicuous place. I had to have walked past here fifty eleven times and never noticed it. Plus they keep early hours, even during the week. But it's cute, quiet and the food + beverages are all good. I don't even remember what I had, I was so lost in the world of trying to academically say that I am the sh*t just accept me damnit, that everything is a blur. But I do remember everything being good. I had some variation of a hot chocolate and a fancy chicken sandwich...I think. And I was happy. Especially since the barista/waiter was super duper chipper and polite. I would go back if they were actually open when I am free. Too bad its not on my way to the train in the morning...BTW, when you search for coffee/tea or wi-fi in Bedstuy on Yelp THIS DEFINITELY needs to come up!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,4/25/2012,376,328,10,11,12>I can honestly say that I had my fair share of soup dumplings and here at Shanghai Family Dumpling, they tasted pretty damn good!!!Located inside the newly opened Fei Long Food Court, they will prepare these juicy dumplings right in front of you. Through a looking glass window, you'll see about 4 people standing in an assembly line preparing these succulent and delicious delicacies.For $3.75, they will serve you 6 fresh pork dumplings in a bamboo steamer. My only complaint is that I wish they had better utensils other then flimsy plastic soup spoons, but otherwise my experience was very satisfying. Additionally, these soup dumplings also come with a free soup on the side and since it's a food court, you don't have to tip. Seriously...what more can you ask for other then free food...but of course you know that's not going to be on the list! ;)
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,4/24/2012,98,172,3,5,4>I cannot say enough positive things about our first experience at Walter's. As a Ft. Greene resident, it comes at no surprise that new things keep popping up recently. This being said, Walter's is by far the best and most well thought out establishment that I have stepped foot into in our neighborhood. The atmosphere was calm and chill with a hint of hipster, but it was all worth it once we sat down.We got one of the last 2 tops on Friday night @ 7pm. We were seated VERY close to other tables of 2, but it didn't feel cramped. The restaurant was packed and bar was hopping. The bartenders and waiters are all dressed in white with bow ties. This was a cute touch! The decor is simple, but very well thought out. This is a small restaurant, so whomever designed it used every inch in the best way possible. Well done.Everything on the menu sounded yummy and the raw bar was stocked. We settled on 2 very different entrees and a salad. Here is the run down.1) Bibb salad: bacon, chives, radishes w/ a lemon buttermilk dressing. 2) Burger: comes on brioche roll with cheddar, bacon, onion, tomato, etc. + Fries.3) Whole grilled red snapper with olives and capers (this was a special)4) A side of shaved brussel spouts with hazelnuts, pickled red onion, and pecorino4) Banana white chocolate bread puddingAll of the food was perfectly prepared and delicious. The salad was perfectly dressed and the fish and burger were prepped with care and precision. The sprouts are a must and the fries were perfectly seasoned and crisp.The dessert was sweet and creamy and the perfect end to a great meal. The only downside I can see is that this restaurant is one block from my home! Dangerous :) For all of those out there that think that this place may be out of your price range, please give this place a try. There are a few places in the neighborhood that charge about the same, but NOTHING compares to a nice night at Walter's. If you are spending the money, Walter's is a welcome addition to the date night rotation. I was hesitant at first when this place was announced, but now am eating my words and BOY ARE THEY DELICIOUS!!!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,4/23/2012,440,260,10,6,4>Backyard: check.Photobooth: check.Pickle shots: check.Boardgames: check.Big Safari Hunter machine: check.Homemade mini putt-putt course: check.Bottomless bowls of cheese puffs: check.Surly looking but soft on the inside bartender: check.Bourbon and Coke slurpie machine: check (and double check).A spot in the backyard for where I should be buried: TBD.....................
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,4/22/2012,530,902,6,5,6>Going to Coney Island is what I would expect walking through my closet and ending up in Narnia would be like.  I've lived in the NYC area my entire life and I had never been to Coney Island until yesterday and I must say that this trip was certainly long overdue.  I can't even begin to describe the hilarity that surrounded my friend and I.Let's start with the beach.  This is the place to be if you are the kind of person that likes to people watch or if you really have difficulty sitting in one place unless you are being thoroughly entertained.  Also, don't worry if you don't feel you look your personal best in your swimsuit - no one cares.  In fact, you will probably be one of the top 5 hottest people on the beach.  Our beach experience was complete with morbidly obese families grilling out, people trying to sell us water, Coronas and nutcrackers (look it up, it's a ghetto long island iced tea type drink made with kool aid and promises to fu*ckkkk you up) out of their backpacks or just plain old black plastic bag that they got from the bodega, a woman being rescued from the water fully clothed in long sleeves and pants (later seen frolicking down the beach with sand stuck to the back of her shirt) and a man trying to sell hideous tye dyed dresses while saying "You ain't got these in the Hamptons!"  Let's also not forget that weed is apparently legal on the beach.The amusement park is pretty cool - there were a lot of sweet rides that we wanted to go on, but we had no where to keep our bags.  And while I'd love to trust the patrons of Coney Island, Brooklyn with the honor system and leave our bags outside the ride as recommended by the amusement park employee, we opted out of that.  So we are obviously going to return with more people so we can ride the rides.  One thing though, those rides are ridiculously expensive, so be prepared to drop some cash.So after our amusement park experience, we ventured over to Beer Island (which I'll further review later) - pretty fun. It was a beer garden made out of sand with cheap beer. Weed is apparently legal here too.Lastly, we needed some grub so we meandered over to some "bar / grill" and had some fatty fried foods (clams, shrimp and sausage and peppers) and some Blue Moon.  This place was ridiculously hilarious as well seeing as it probably hasn't been updated since 1950.  While there we saw a man with a mullet and a couple that thought they were Danny Zuko and Marilyn Monroe (no they were not performers, though they wouldn't stop sucking face).I seriously love Coney Island.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,2/27/2013,19,150,4,7,6>Everything you've ever read about Peter Luger's is true - each and every word of it.If you eat steak, you need to come here at least once in your lifetime.Get the bacon.Skip on the tomatoes and onions.Get the steak.  Oh, oh, get the steak.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,2/26/2013,15,171,9,6,5>Basically I love this place, and so does everyone else. I have been eating here at least once a week since the place opened, and prior to that coming by just to press my face against the glass as a way of encouraging the work crews to build faster.What prompted me to post this review is the new pomegranate and cheese vegetarian taco. It sounds crazy, I know. But it turns out that what's actually crazy is everything else in the world that isn't this taco.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,2/25/2013,92,227,6,5,7>This is a new-ish, Anglo pub with a decidedly "Scouse"(1) leaning.  Dark wood interior, some low lighting, bar in the front, tables in the back (including a seated Ms. Pac Man video console!), and a garden patio in the rear.I came in at an off-time, so it was very quiet.  They have Boddington's on tap, so that was a win for me right off the bat.  Friendly bar keep and fair prices.  Premier League matches were on all the TV sets, so it would appear this is also a good spot to catch some footy, but proceed with caution if you're from Manchester (2).(1) The dialect, accent, and pride of those hailing from Liverpool, England.(2) Liverpool's fiercest and most detested rival.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,2/24/2013,48,128,3,9,4>Yelp community, I'm going to let you in on a little secret. My little secret. Good Day has the best dim sum in all of Brooklyn. All their dim sum dishes are superb. It seems that East Harbor has won the hearts of many... yea... like 4 years ago. If you're coming on a weekend, come before 9:30AM or after 1:30PM for dim sum. Otherwise, prepare to wait. And finally, my last secret. You can get two lobsters with stir fried noodles (or any other noodles of your choice) for about 20 bucks any day of the week, during all hours, dine in only. YUP
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,2/23/2013,440,260,2,8,10>The pizza, like everyone says, is amazing!  While they may not have some fancy wood burning oven, they crank out some delicious pizzas with that nice, thin, crispy crust.  What goes on top of the crust is what makes this pizza place better than ordinary.They have a traditional margherita pizza (mozzarella made in house!) on the menu but the crowning jewel is the baked potato pizza with its beautiful purple potatoes, tasty green onions, bacon, and sour cream dollop in the middle.  Aside from this guy is a constantly changing menu of whimsical and tasty pizzas.  Of the half dozen or so that I've tried a couple of real knockouts have been this one with shishito peppers that left a nice burn when eating and a tasty sloppy joe-esque pizza with waigu beef and fritos on top.In addition to the pizzas, they also have some really good appetizers like this fried shrimp ravioli with sweet chili dip and a delicious fried cheesecake wonton with cranberry whipped cream.  The best way to describe the food is if you took a master pizzaiolo (fancy Italian way of saying pie maker) and accidentally hotboxed him and then let him loose in the kitchen.  When I listen to the specials, sometimes, I think to myself, "That actually sounds crazy."  But I order it anyway and when it hits my mouth, my tastebuds go, "Yippee!!!"Not only is the food really nice, I really like coming in to the store and talking to David (I think he's one of the owners/masterminds).  He cracks me up and is so enthusiastic about the food and restaurant that you can't help but love him and the place.  A real neighborhood gem.  Eat here or die.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,2/22/2013,159,292,5,7,6>WOW.... just. Wow. Consistently crave the empanadas. Everything organic. These juicy little nuggets from heaven (or should I say hell, because they make my separation anxiety palpable - I do not feel so heavenly without them swirling around my mouth) - they are supreme beings of bliss magic. The beef and chicken. Can't even describe how juicy, succulent, perfectly seasoned and fried these wonderful magical things are. 2 for $7 is a steal... Please don't change!!!! Owner is HOT HOT HOT. Yeah. Yeah! Also digging the kale salad. So much so that I looked up a miso sesame dressing to make at home. So at least that base is covered. Perfect date spot. Romantic lighting, cozy and warm all around. I seem to always come here when it rains. I fantasize about everything regularly - this food... constantly. Italicize!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,2/21/2013,364,513,1,3,2>I like stopping by Cobra Club during the day, as it is a great place to bring your computer or notebook or ipad and sip some hot cocoa. They often have a food special; for example, today it is $5 Frito Pies (chili, cheese whiz, and fritos). If you're not from the neighborhood and you've been wanting to check it out because you've heard it is "artsy" I recommend Cobra Club as a stopping point. Come by on a Saturday, grab lunch at Los Hermanos, stop by Bat Haus' flea market, take a walk around, and swing by Cobra  Club to grab some coffee. Sit at the bar in the front window and just people watch. People watching is by far the best part of Bushwick.  Everyone is very friendly and there is definitely a neighborhood feel, regardless of the stark industrial look of this section of Wyckoff Avenue.  Don't be fooled if you see signs for yoga out front; yes,  Cobra Club does have a back room dedicated as a yoga studio, but the front room is all bar/café.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/20/2013,142,556,8,8,4>I love anyplace that has a huge selection of beer and great customer service. 1. Automatic doors- great for when you need to carry that case out2. Aisles and aisles of options in a store conveniently located in Prospect Heights3. Reasonable prices 4. Keg options for those summer parties that you feel inclined to tap into your "Frank the tank" days5. A variety of cider options for your guests that have never quite acquired the taste for beer (read as me)6. Nice worker who looks into your sad eyes and offers to carry the cases to your car after you finish your beer purchasing spree and look down to realize that everything is way too heavy for you to carryI'm coming back.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,2/19/2013,37,202,2,3,3>This place really surprised me. From the outside, it looks like a little hole-in-the-wall run-of -the-mill bodega. Inside, I thought "Hey, they have a pretty good selection of beer." Then I looked at the wall and thought "growlers!" And then the owner launched into his pitch about how his draught system is one of only three like it in the country, and about how the beer keeps up to weeks in the bottles. And the growlers are FREE! And the beer is so cheap!I honestly felt like we were the first customers to have ever walked into the store because of how enthusiastically the owner was talking about his business to us - coming here on yelp I can see he has done it tons of times before. Not only that, but he had nothing but good things to say about the people at Bierkraft (I always appreciate it to hear local business owner support). The whole experience kind of reminded me of a meal at Paulie Gee's. If I lived closer to Williamsburg, it would probably be my only beer place.PS To the owner, if you read this - if you ever got Captain Lawrence Smoked Porter on tap, I would be the happiest girl alive.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,2/18/2013,80,552,3,4,3>Whether I'm eating in or taking out, JCF does it right. The vegetarian section of the menu is extensive, with very fresh veggies, soy and seitan "meats" and tasty sauces. And it's unique for this area of Brooklyn! There's also everything else that Chinese restaurants usually have, so our vegan and omnivore family members are all happy. The place is very clean, the staff is friendly, the kitchen turns out food fast, and for all this the prices aren't even higher than anywhere else. Plus, it's in a tiny strip mall so it has a parking lot. JCF is a keeper.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,6/21/2013,534,944,4,8,6>Old School Brooklyn is far from old school foodwise. I was expecting red sauce Italian and instead an eclectic menu with lots of flavors bursting about. The space is roomy with tables not piled ontop of each other and comphy chairs- love that. The décor is old school- ktichy, charming, vintage wainscotted bathroom is lovely.Bread comes with white bean, garlic dip- nice!Green gazpacho with mint, cukes & pineapples was a refreshing treat- $8Cavatelli with sweet and spicy sausage & broccoli rabe- $15The cavatelli was also surprisingly delish- sitting on a lovely brodo and topped with parmigiano- this was a great pasta. Pasta is so tricky- deceptively simple yet when done right so satisfying. Was too full for dessert, but planning a return trip for the housemade ice-cream in their sundae dessert! Old school is the best school!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,6/20/2013,368,102,6,8,6>Yes, my inner fat girl loves coming to Sky Ice for delicious treats and drinks. How can I say no to a place that has salted caramel ice cream and coconut sticky rice! Once again, the inner fat girl wins! I'm thinking I should give her a name being that she's present a lot lol. Anyway, Sky Ice offers authentic delicious desserts from Thailand. They also have little quick dishes to snack on if you want something other than dessert. They offer a variety of ice creams (authentic flavors indeed) and ices. They also serve, I guess Thai versions of ice cream sundaes and banana boats, all original. When having their ice cream I almost always lean towards their salted caramel and my favorite coconut. Those two flavors to me have an original taste and are really yummy.They have a menu of desserts that has beautiful pictures to showcase the items. Great way of displaying each dessert, it really makes you want to order everything. My first time here a particular dessert caught my eye. It looked like a slush ice with coconut milk, fruit, and tapioca cubes. I ordered it and what I got was a plastic cup full of shaved ice with "some" fruit, and tapioca all they way at the bottom that I had to dig for and very little coconut milk. I was highly disappointed being that I felt like I was eating a cup of ice.I even asked the guy at the counter if he can add some extra coconut milk cause it was just ridiculous. Not what was pictured in the menu book. That dessert got a big fat "zero" in my book. I'm shocked cause their ice cream is so good!. "Sigh". Moving on from that, I have yet to taste their mini dishes they serve. I know they have things like, mango salad, Thai fried rice, etc. I have seen customers around me order it and it looked pretty good. After the cup of ice experience, I was hesitant to order from here again, but was always wanting to try their Thai coconut pudding and coconut sticky rice. A few days ago as it was nearing their closing time, I decided to order the Thai coconut pudding and a Thai iced tea. When I got it, I opened it up and there were four little ramekins with an Asian design on them. Inside held my coconut pudding with sesame seeds. The smell was intoxicating, like warm butter, popcorn and coconut lol. I dipped my spoon in the top and broke through the top layer of firm skin into the warm creamy pudding. Omg! It was sooo good! I definitely devoured all four of them! Lol. It was the exact taste of the coconut pudding I had imagined but kicked up a notch. My Thai tea was also good and a perfect compliment to my pudding.Without a doubt Sky Ice made up for my bad experience with the previous dessert. I look forward to trying their tiny plates of food and other yummy desserts!*I got to keep the Asian ramekins too. Bonus!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/19/2013,845,309,6,10,9>I'm obsessed. One Friday night I stumbled in really wasted and was craving shawarma/falafel. I just assumed it'd be alright. But what I had was out of this world.Hole in the wall full of deliciousness!I'm not sure why people complain about the price, in my opinion this place is the only place left in Morganville that's delicious and worth the price. They may need to start a frequent customer stamp card for me, because I am so in love.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,6/18/2013,66,132,4,6,4>The only bad thing about Dough is that I can never decide on what flavor to get. I end up buying far too many donuts and then only being able to eat two because damn, those things are gargantuan.I'm partial to the blood orange, hibiscus and lemon poppyseed donuts (I love combinations of tart and sweet, if you couldn't tell). I tried a bite of the toasted coconut one and it was delicious too. Yay Dough!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,6/17/2013,248,254,5,5,5>This new place is BEYOND adorable!!!!!!You walk in and it's like the cutest chic little place ever.  They have these gorgeous chandeliers and these adorable plush white leather chairs.  It's so simple and so elegant.Their specialty is obviously, fantastic fro-yo, but they have a large selection of fabulous beverages.Espresso, lattes, cappuccino, chai, mocha, caramel, tea, etc. etc. etc. the list goes on.  You can pick any type of milk, they have it here.  And the coffee is actually really delicious.I'm so off of dunkin donuts right now after this place.  No more yucky, toilet water coffee! Done with that!  On to bigger and better things!!!! The coffee here, is one of the new best on the highway!The fro yo is great, they have this adorable corner in the back that is tiles with these amazing mirror tiles. It was so cute.  They have tons of toppings you can choose to put on your fro-yo and the prices here i find to be very decent!!!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,6/16/2013,202,202,4,5,4>It's exciting to have a delicious and affordable Italian option in the neighborhood. Homemade pasta is one of those things that while it isn't impossible to make it sure is nice one someone makes it for you for less than 20 bucks. Our experience was great from start to finish. The decor is charming. The open kitchen doesn't take up the space like it can in some restaurants, making it a thoughtful decision and not a vain "ooh, look at our fancy kitchen" one. Our waitress was bubbly and attentive and we couldn't have asked for a better dinner.Spinach manicotti rocked my face off. The man loved the squid ink pasta special which was loaded with other seafood goodies. And get dessert. You must. The tiramisu here was better than some places in Manhattan. The only thing that keeps me from a perfect review is that stupid corkage fee. I get that they exist when there is a wine or beer menu offered but if you're not selling any it's a little tacky to expect people to pay 10 bucks to have their own wine with dinner. Bringing it down to 5 bucks would make this place pretty flawless.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,6/15/2013,93,104,9,8,7>Love love love this place!Haddock n Chips- It is a BIG plate of food. I suggest you ask if you can get the kids meal one if you're not up to the challenge! Take the challenge. Eat ravenously, and cram whatever's leftover in a doggy bag. And don't forget to cry because you broke your diet. *RESULTS MAY VARY.*Shepherds Pie- Oh god. Hello beautiful. Every time I see your beautiful cheese crust, I can't help but smile. When I move past that, I can't help but encounter your delicious, creamy mash potato top, my eyes begin to tear. And when I finally reach your perfectly seasoned ground beef, I am inconsolable. Also comes with peas.The servers are super nice, even after we asked about using a Scout Mob deal. Some eateries can be quite rude afterwards, but not here!Can't say much for dessert, as my friend and I were too full for dessert. Also too full to walk. Urghh.To quote T. Swift, "Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground." (May be during eating the meal, or after you weigh yourself. Or both.)
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,6/14/2013,521,449,5,8,6>If I had known Pompette meant "tipsy" in French ahead of time, I would've been up for the challenge. A terrible excuse, really, since I'm typically always game for a drank (or seven), and especially after discovering first-hand that their Le Fanfaron cocktail (bourbon, honey, lemon, Creole bitters) is sincerely fantastic. This devil of a drink (French for "scoundrel", of course), citrus-y and somewhat sweet, but with a bit of a bite, is one of the better cocktails I've had recently. Gimme enough notice next time, and I'll drink them all day.::Cue Schmidt from The New Girl::"All day!"Anyway. This French bistro is a bit under the radar (and nearly under the Gowanus Expressway), tucked away on a rather pleasant last stretch of Carroll Gardens' Court St. It's cozy, inviting, dinner date-ready, sportin' an exposed brick interior and little else. No matter on the minimalist decor - Pompette lets its food do all the talkin'. And rightfully so.The Brussels Sprouts side (or as I employed it - appetizer) is tossed about pistachio and Calvados cream (and sweet potato and apple to a lesser effect), giving it a hearty, heavy, and dare-I-say dessert-first result. And although I don't eat oysters (yes, we anti-oystites do exist), Pompette's East Coast offering appeared to be ultra clean, as confirmed by my date (a.k.a. the wife). That ramekin of champagne mignonette looked damn tasty, as well. Almost made me give in and go for one. Almost.The Pappardelle is perfectly cooked house-made pasta and full of fresh winter vegetables (green beans, carrots, onions, etc.). The Meyer lemon base was a bit bland in my book - a few twists of black pepper, a pinch of salt, or even some grated parmesan might've done the trick. When washed down with my scoundrel cocktail, however, this proved neither here nor there. I was also able to do the whole scarpetta business with Pompette's fresh bread and the Mussels' buttery broth, which I whole-heartedly recommend if given the chance.It would appear Pompette is deservedly finding its footing - a bustling crowd slowly formed as the night progressed - and a back patio (currently in mid-construction) is always an upgrade. It's rare for me to feel confident assessing an establishment after only one experience, but something tells me I'll be back and I'll be just as impressed. And definitely tipsier. Scoundrels up!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,6/13/2013,68,213,5,20,5>Easily some of the best Indian food in Brooklyn.  Yes, I KNOW.  Hard to believe... amiright?  We were a little suspicious.  The name, for example.  "Pearl Indian Food".  Everyone knows Chinese chefs have been taking over the taqueria business.  Maybe this was a foray into Indian-Chinese restaurants?  And the menu has some, what some may call, bizarre items.  Who ever heard of Angel Hair fettuccine or Shrimp Lingueni (sic) at an Indian restaurant?  Well, the food is fantabulous.The bad news?  The decor is somewhat of an eyesore; looks cheap.  Also, I believe the reviews that the service is poor and slow, but every restaurant has growing pains.  Finally, the prices are unrealistically high.  I'm not one to fret over high prices when I enjoy a meal, but even I felt a little tang of "ouch", which means this will be a major turn-off with other people in the neighborhood.  They will have to lower their prices or else change the decor to match their price point, otherwise, they may not be here for very long.Appetizer========Samosa: AOne of the best samosas I've ever had.  The outside shell was crispy.  Not even a hint of old oil, staleness or soggyness.  Filling was fresh and vibrant.  Scrumptious with mint chutney.Ragri Petes: B+Two potato patties and the bottom is some kind of grain I can't identify.  The potato patties are fried and spiced quite nicely with pepper, mustard seed, and some other spices i can't identify.  Maybe hing.  The whole thing is great.  Make sure you have enough chutney -- great with mint chutney!Gobi Manchurian: A+Doesn't sound good, but it's one of my favorite appetizers ever.  Cauliflower fried in batter in a semi-sweet sauce (I usually hate sweet sauce!).  It's to cauliflower as KFC is to chicken.Ka-Chori: A-Flour flat pastries (I wouldn't call them puffs as the menu does) stuffed with yummy lentils on a bed of chutney and chickpeas.  Delicious vegetarian appetizer.Seekh Kabab: A+This dish was invented by a chef of an Indian prince who had serious tooth pain.  He was told to create a meat dish that the prince could eat without pain or else face execution. Hence, this is a VERY soft meat dish.  If you're familiar with middle eastern food, think of a Kafta Kebob with savory Indian spicesVegetable Pakora: A+I'm always massively disappointed by pakoras in NYC, but these are perfect!  The Garam flour is fresh and zesty.  The pakoras are not overly oily; they still have crunch to them.  There's a high crispy outside to vegetable ratio.  Blends perfectly well with, and is the perfect vehicle for, mint or tamarind chutney.Dal Soup: ASpicy and tangy.  Definitely more complex than your average Dal soup.Chicken Soup: A+I've always admired Indian chicken soup.  The spices may be foreign to the palette, but its base is unmistakable. This soup is heavy on the fat, very light on the salt (it's unsalted, in fact).Chicken Wings Bffalo (sic): CSlathered with sugary American BBQ sauce.  Ick.Tandoori========Chicken: A+This might have been the best tandoori chicken I've ever had.  The meat was very soft and juicy.  The tandoori flavor was very strong (many tandoori chickens I've had were dry and didn't have a particularly strong tandoori flavor).  The dish comes with a lot of "soft vegetable stuff" which probably helps keep the chicken moist and juicy.Chicken=======Chicken Tikka Masala: A+Chicken was succulent and the masala sauce is one of the few masala sauces I've had where you can tell it's a "tomato cream" sauce, rather than a "cream sauce".Lamb=====Lamb Korma: B+The korma sauce itself wasn't the creamiest korma I've ever had, and they put pineapple in it (I'm not overly fond of pineapple in food b/c it's too sweet for my tastes).  Still an excellent buttery entree.Rogan Josh: AVery well spiced.  If you like an aromatic rogan josh, you'll love it.  Aromatic and rich.  Excellent meat-to-sauce ratio.  Sauce has character: chunkyness (I've had soupy rogan josh in the past and it's always a bummer).Acjaru Lamb: B+You won't *see* the pickles; they've been cooked down or minced.  I was hesitant since I'm not a huge pickle fan, but it was great: spicy and tangy.  More salty than I'm used to, but otherwise great.  Lamb was soft and had just the right amount of fat.Chicken======Chicken Saag: AVery succulent and tender chicken.  Saag was a LITTLE bland which gives it a more creamed spinach than saag feeling.  Still worth an A rating!Beverages=========Mango Lassi: B+Above average.Side Order=========Mint Chutney: A-I wish it were just a tad hotter, but the flavor is fantastic.Dessert=======Gulab Jamun:  A-Doughnut balls were excellent but not the best I've had.  They might have been a tad old.  I can't tell (perhaps I should've warmed them up).  They were *very* generous with the honey syrup, whch was very appreciated!Kheer: B-Not as creamy as other kheer I've have.  Me
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/12/2013,197,143,6,5,5>Maybe it was the fun and festive Cinco de Mayo atmosphere or maybe this really is just a great restaurant, but this California native has finally found a Mexican restaurant I wouldn't be ashamed of recommending to my fellow Californians who really know their Mexican food! The decor was quirky and festive but still sophisticated. I was pleased that there was only about a 30 minute wait on Cinco de Mayo for a party of 4. We ordered a pitcher of red sangria, which was nice since it wasn't overly sweet and was still a little carbonated. We also got a pitcher of margaritas which was a little pricey at nearly $40 but they were good too and the cute little man (possibly the owner or manager) who brought over the salted glasses was so enthusiastic about it - he came over with the glasses singing "Margariiiiitaaaaaas!!" that I couldn't help but be excited also.We ordered the chicken mole tamale, elotes, guacamole and chips, and ceviche camarones for starters. The guac and elotes were definitely the stars here - guac was standard but I liked how they served it to you with a big flat tortilla round rather than just with regular chips. The elites (grilled corn) had a deliciously tangy and spicy chipotle mayo and some cotija cheese. The tamale had way too much masa and not enough chicken mole, and the shrimp ceviche was way too sweet - it was like they put straight up orange juice in there instead of lime. The mains were outstanding - we ordered the chicken flautas, baked tilapia, and plato Don. The flautas were super crispy and the chicken inside was moist and plentiful. The tilapia was so tender without losing its flaky texture and the tomatoey broth it was sitting in was so damn flavorful that every bite of tilapia was better than the last. The plato Don is HUGE, with lots of little dishes on this massive platter to build your own tacos including rice, beans, steak, chicken, and other toppings, and for only $13!? What a steal.And just when we thought we couldn't fit any more food in, we ordered both dessert items - arroz con leche (rice pudding) and the flan (custard). Both were good but the flan was outstanding. One thing I didn't appreciate, however, how overly confident our waitress was in her ability to remember the long list of menu items we ordered. We ordered a TON of food and she didn't write anything down; when we commented to her that she must have a good memory if she can remember all of that, she nodded blankly in agreement. She ended up forgetting 3 of the appetizers and only brought them out when we asked about them because at that point we'd already received our mains. Even after that, she never brought out the Ensalada Nopales we ordered but we had way too much food as is so we didn't bother to ask for it. I understand she was serving a ton of people on that busy day so her mind mind have been elsewhere, but honey, write that shit down. All in all, great experience here - I will certainly be back!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/1/2013,101,112,5,7,5>I'll admit, I really wanted to hate this place when it first opened, but now it's become one of our regular go-to restaurants close to home.  We've ordered delivery and eaten in here, on several occasions.I love the over the top, cheesy Las Vegas style decor with the large glass bubble globes hanging from the ceiling, the neon, the generously-scaled round velvet booths, and the hilarious neon sci-fi portal leading to the restrooms. It totally doesn't fit in with the neighborhood aesthetic at all, and I kind of love that.  The roominess and scale alone make you feel like you have travelled somewhere else.We did have one night when the service took longer than it should have, but I expect that was because we showed up rather late that evening, kind of close to closing.  Normally the service is good, and the staff is genuinely interested in making everyone happy.The food is surprisingly better than you'd expect from a place that looks like this, somehow.  I usually get the (addictive!) Organic Chicken, which is amazingly crispy and juicy, with a side of soft mashed potatoes and field greens.  I also love a spread of ala carte sashimi, however I've also tried the Filet Mignon (perfectly cooked), the tasty duck appetizer, and many other good things on the menu.  The sushi is the best and freshest the neighborhood has to offer, in my opinion.  The deserts are awesome, especially the flourless molten chocolate cake!  Nothing disappoints. Great presentation.  Nice cocktails, too, especially the Sake-based ones.I'd have normally given four stars, but I had such a special experience here this weekend that it colors my opinion with a certain prejudice.  I booked a last minute bachelorette party here because the Maid of Honor's prior plans did not work out.  I thought this would be a great place to have the party, but I could not have imagined the service and experience would have been so perfect.  The restaurant clearly planned for us and wanted to make us and the bride feel very special.  The large booth was specially decorated, and our server Maxwell was intent on giving us a really great time.  He was dedicated to us for most of the evening and gave us special, super attentive service and great humor.  He made sure we always had everything we wanted, pumped up the energy at our table, egged on the bride, brought us crazy-colored shots during the evening (don't ask us what they were), and made sure our excellent cocktails were always coming, as well as the food.  There was a specially made desert for the bride, presented with much fanfare, plus more for everyone else.  Everyone had such a great time that we didn't even bother to go to the other bar(s) we'd planned to go to that evening.  Thanks, Fushimi, and thanks Maxwell, you saved our party, and it was SO much fun!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,6/30/2013,129,217,4,8,6>Having worked in the neighborhood last year, this place is hands down the best restaurant around. Seriously, its incredible that you can get such a stellar quality meal in such a residential area!! Lot 2, I am so impressed. Definitely think about coming here for your special meal. I came with my boyfriend for our 4 year anniversary and had a fabulous time.First of all, the brief menu ensures everything you order will be delicious. Keep in mind that the menu you see online may be different from the one the day you get there. I was expecting to order the strip steak (having done my research) but ordered the braised and spiced lamb ribs when I didn't see it. What a good decision. It was a lamb dish for lamb lovers. It was decadent. Unctuous. Fall-apart tender with fresh chopped herbs on top, sitting on a bed of baby carrots, mandarin orange segments (should have been de-membraned), and parsnip pieces.  My +1 and I had the same reaction after taking our first bite: we closed our eyes. And frankly, that's the best you can hope for with any meal in any restaurant. Our order of a burger with duck fat fries, the spiced and braised lamb, homemade soda and Rhu-berry spritz came out to $57. SO WORTH IT.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,6/29/2013,111,222,6,5,5>If there were a Bread Heaven Scratchbread would be it. I know a lot of you come here for delicious fresh breakfast and we all know it's good. I come here for bread. Let's take a step back: coming from Europe you definitely grow up with a different level of appreciation for bread. If it comes in a package from Walmart and can sit on the shelf for a month and be just as good as at day one - it is not bread; it's a dough filled with chemicals that are designed for you to like it but not be full (it's a problem with most foods these days). Here are my REAL bread rules:1. Real bread is baked fresh daily.2. It's made out of natural ingredients without any chemical additives to prolong the shelf life.3. It comes with a smile from the person who sells it because that's just how they do business here.Scratchbread is as real as BedStuy. Local business bringing best quality and best tasting bread to all of us bread affectionados. I've tried bread from multiple different vendors from various farmer's markets and bakeries and no one ever came close to what they do here in BedStuy. My personal favourites are:1. Sour cacia i pepe - if you like focaccia you will love this one. Made with peppercorns and olive oil, excellent with open faced sandwiches. I am actually having one with creme cheese, capers and salmon that I cured myself a couple days ago. Has tons of seasoning on the crust with a distinct cheesie flavour. I would add a slice of this bad boy to my last meal. Yes, it's that good.2. Mutt - made out of whole wheat this one is great all around; much softer and more airy compared to a regular wheat bread. Can have it with brie and preserves or with your deli for lunch. Can't go wrong with whatever you eat it with. 3. Foccacia - this is a no brainer. Olive oil and rosemary make it pretty much an easy choice for everyone. Made as a flatbread so not really sandwich friendly. Distinct olive oil grease on the outside.4. Buckwheat sourdough - a relevantly recent addition to the menu and an instant success. Slightly sweeter on the palate, perfect with some preserves or PB&J but just as good with your cured meets and cheese. Reminds me a lot of east European dark rye sourdough bread. Keep doing a great job guys!I love Scratchbread so much I actually started a new diet: bread only diet. Keep it up guys!P.S. Their breakfast bakery selection is excellent too!P.P.S. One day they had a loaf of bread from the previous day which they kindly offered for half price. That's an honest way to do business.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,6/28/2013,161,361,1,8,2>Every single dish I ate blew me away.I'll start off by saying I have been all over the Philippines and have had a chance to try the food in many parts of the Philippines.Coming here I got exactly what I was hoping for, a modern and slightly more elegant take on Filipino food.Decor was nice and spacious, and when we came the place was not crowdedOn to the food:**Tocino Sliders: Mouth watering, savory, and packed with flavor, had both my GF and hoping the slider would never end.Since tocino is always very salty, the cucumber and mayo helped cut the saltiness and made this slider one of a kind.Chicken Adobo: One of the best I have had. I have had many home made adobos and this one was packed with flavor, with a good balance of soy sauce and vinegar.**Lechon Kawali - Don't leave this place, without getting this. Huge portion, with a good mix of skin, and meat, and the pickled papaya helped set it off.  The soy vinegar was crazy good!!Halo Halo: Was very good, but what really set this one off was the purple yam ice cream that topped it.My new favorite spot in town.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,6/27/2013,131,169,3,5,6>It was a wonderful excuse to trek on over to check out the area.  I haven't been to Franklin Avenue in ages.  This spot is a pleasant surprise to the ever-changing tapestry of Brooklyn neighborhoods.  The food was very enjoyable, the vibe was bustling with energy and conversation, and our host and server were personable and attentive. We wrapped things up with banana pudding and ice cream for dessert--delish! I definitely had a good time here.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,6/26/2013,358,182,8,11,10>This place is the ISH!! Good food, great atmosphere and very reasonably priced. What more could you ask for in a restaurant eh?I've only been here for brunch and have been sastified with everything that I have ordered. Their mixed drinks are quite tasty too. Everything here looks so good so I'll definitely be back to try more. I'm pretty sure I sprained my neck from rubber necking people's food as the waiters were serving them their food.They have outside seating in the back which is awesome if the weather permits. Only gripe about eating outside is that crap from the trees can fall into your food.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,6/25/2013,104,95,4,3,4>It's really exciting that this weekly food fest landed in my little ol' hood! I couldn't be more thrilled to have good food options available one day a week (much of the rest of the area isn't that thrilling foodwise outside of pizza pizza).  I went for the first time this past Sunday.  It was Mother's Day. It was sunny. It was 2pm. It was a mob scene. Babies were crying, parents were stressed and I was nearly taken out by two strollers. The lawn was soaked and all the benches were taken, so i was left standing to eat my my Vietnamese omelette thingy. I didn't mind, though. It was nice out and the people watching was good. And the excitement of what to eat next kept me entirely distracted from how crowded it was...mostly. The lines were kind of a bitch to get through. Lines existed for nearly everything, and because the booths are a one day only affair, the staff and individual booth setups were not geared toward fast execution or service. So, minus one star for that.If you hit this food extravaganza, which you absolutely should on a Sunday, do it early. Come, eat, walk along the brand spanking new (and still under construction) Brooklyn Bridge Park, and then keep walking. Walk far and fast away from the crowds. That's my plan for next week!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/24/2013,314,114,4,8,7>I've been meaning to try out a lobster roll from Luke's and was pleasantly surprised to discover this new location while walking around in DUMBO! They recently opened on Memorial Day and it's definitely a welcome addition to the growing scene in this area of Brooklyn.I love love love the location. If you are familiar with the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory, this new Luke's Lobster is right next to it. Many options for eating your food: ample chairs and tables to sit at, or take your lobster roll on a stroll by the waterfront, or the grassy fields for a mini picnic.The roll itself was divine. It's a bit pricey at $16 a pop, but the roll itself is overflowing with big juicy pieces of lobster. The bread was nice and perfectly toasted. It was smaller than I had hoped it would be, but the deliciousness and the generous helping of lobster made up for it.If I had lots of dough in the bank I would definitely come back to Luke's again, but for now it will be saved for a treat on special occasions!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,6/23/2013,15,83,2,2,3>This place is just about 2 blocks from my apartment, and yet I had never visited until a few months ago. It's hidden, off the beaten path, a tiny place where I can see myself becoming a regular. The adjacent theater has great live music nearly every night, and the tavern recently took over the space next door. The happy hour is great, the beer selection solid, and the bartenders friendly. There's a small backyard with picnic tables and red lights, perfect for watching the twilight descend over Brooklyn, and the inside has a couple of cozy booths and a bigger table for larger groups. They only recently started serving food, and I partook for the first time last night, after several beers. The tater tots were super tasty, as was the mac and cheese. My only complaint was that they were perhaps a little too heavy.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,6/22/2013,59,361,3,4,5>These are freaking delicious donuts. The fact that they're vegan makes them that much better. We did a little sampler: coconut, cinnamon/sugar, chocolate glazed, and a coffee cake. They were all delicious - it was hard to pick a favorite!The iced coffee was great - and I love the fact that this isn't a hole in the wall - its a proper coffee shop with room to sit down and enjoy. I somehow missed the ice cream/sundae options, but I'm for sure ordering a donut sundae next time!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,5/11/2013,440,260,5,8,6>Wing Wagon has become my go-to joint to order wings from when watching football and drinking beer at The Half Court.  They have cheap and tasty wings and, here's the best part, they know exactly where Half Court is!  They must deliver here like 18 times a night.  I know it's stupid that I'm putting so much emphasis on this but I'm ridiculously lazy and to have to look up both the phone number for the place I'm ordering from as well as the address of the bar I'm asking them to deliver to is really just too much effort for me.  I'm also super impatient and I think the delivery guys must have jet engines on their bikes because they get there REAL fast.  Even on the coldest Sunday, the wings arrive piping hot.  Thanks guys!Seriously though, the buffalo wings are really good.  They're fried well and the sauce which comes in a wide range of spiciness is always good and plentiful.  Just really solid wings all around.  We've also ordered fries and seasoned fries and neither were particularly fabulous.  They were actually kind of soggy and needed a lot more salt.  It helps if you dip them in the buffalo sauce, I guess.So yeah, as I head out to watch the playoffs, I'm getting their number queued up on my phone. Just. In. Case.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,5/10/2013,93,268,2,10,8>i just had my wedding at Liberty Warehouse 10 days ago, and i would not change a thing about it.my parents and i were blown away when we visited the venue a year ago -- the views are spectacular, as previous reviewers have said, and the space itself is just beautiful.  i love the hardwood floors and exposed brick, and the beautiful wood bar in the front room on the first floor... even the bathrooms are beautiful!  really, just a spectacular space.  we got crummy weather on our wedding day, unfortunately, so i didn't get to have sunshine streaming through the large windows like i had hoped; but even still, you could see the Statue of Liberty and light still managed to fill the space, despite the gray skies.and the food, oh the food.  when we were told that it was River Cafe food, we were excited.  but still, you never really know if the quality will suffer when food is being cooked for 160 people at one time.  but the meal exceeded my already high expectations -- everything was delicious.  in the last week and a half, i have received countless compliments from my guests about how the food was the best food they've ever had at a wedding -- and for that matter, it doesn't even need the modifier of "at a wedding" -- any of us would've been happy to get this food just for dinner at a restaurant.  both the duck and the fish (we had a course of each) were cooked perfectly, despite so many portions being needed, and that was impressive.  really, i can't tell you how many people have been telling me, my parents, and my husband how much they loved the food.lastly, Jeff: as other reviewers have also commented, he is terrific.  his entire staff is terrific.  the venue may be relatively new, but it's so clear that everyone who works there is experienced and a professional.  everything ran so smoothly, and i was grateful for it on every level, from Jeff's expertise and advice and helpfulness throughout the planning process, to the servers who were so attentive and so nice.i'm sad my wedding is over, not because i would do anything differently -- i wouldn't -- but because i had such a good time and it was exactly the way i wanted it.  and Liberty Warehouse played a big part in that.  i loved my venue the day i selected it and i love it even more now.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/9/2013,320,397,4,6,7>Sitting on the Gowanus/Carroll Gardens border Kittery should be your first pick for some casual seafood nosh in the Park Slope area. Our first dish was the Stuffies (stuffed clams with sausage and lemon) and I kind of wanted to call off the rest of the dishes because they were THAT GOOD but that would be a disservice to their other clam decadence, the fried belly clams.If you're not in the mood for comfort seafood they did have some lighter stuff too like the very flavorful and tangy scallop ceviche and their chilled lobster roll which was pretty decent but not a mindblower.It's definitely a great place for a date for catching up with a few friends over small plates if you don't feel up to an entree.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,5/8/2013,619,418,6,8,6>This place is as good as everyone says it is!! Trust! Awesome, fresh, tender meats served up on a platter or a sammy... freakin' awesome fries topped w/ cheese curds and chipped beef if you want it (a.k.a. poutine)... friendly, accommodating waitstaff... chefs that prepare the food right in front of you (sushi bar style), +++ The list of goodness goes on and on. Btw, even though they are best known for their smoked brisket, the smoked turkey (The Grandpa sandwich) and burger (add the egg) are delish, too!Note that the restaurant is SUPER small, so prepare to wait... but now that it's warm, just do it! They have some chairs set up outside for long waits.Oh-- and the pickles! Just do it!!!!! No questions!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,5/7/2013,171,153,3,7,6>I came here on a whim with my fiancé- we decided we wanted to switch things up and ventured onto the G train with our sights set on Tabare after reading rave Yelp reviews. We didn't have a reservation and it was a saturday night, but thought we would take our chances as it was only 6pm hoping they could squeeze us in. The staff were so friendly and accommodating! They told us there was a reservation coming in at 8- and asked us if it was okay that we would have to be done in time for the reserved party. Only 2 hours to eat? Impossible. Just kidding- of course this wasn't a problem! We gladly took our seats in the warm restaurant after wandering around in the freezing cold getting more hungry by the minute. The restaurant itself is dimly lit and cozy-- actually pretty romantic, perfect date night spot! We started with an order of empanadas-- the special was a farmer cheese with ham empanada. It was fried to perfection, however the filling sort of reminded me more of a pierogi than an empanada? They were good, but not the best ever-- my Abuela still holds the title for the best empanada! We ordered the chivito completo and milanesa de pollo and split the two. The chivito completo was unreal-- Uruguayan steak sandwich with bacon, mozzarella, ham, fried egg, onions, peppers olives-- basically every guilty pleasure in one! I was glad that we decided to split this, as it was huge, messy and I'm pretty sure I could feel the sludge running through my arteries- but totally worth it! The milanesa de polla was okay-- breaded chicken cutlet with a grain-mustard sauce that gave it nice flavor topped with fried sweet potato. The first bite was great, but after a while all of the fried sweet potatoes on top became a bit too much/were a bit soggy. I will definitely come back and hope to try the ravioli (a patron sitting next to me ordered it and it looked awesome)!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,5/6/2013,263,437,14,6,4>I've been here several times over the years and each time I appreciate the randomness of each encounter. The waiters/bartenders are always really chill and cool.  The food is pretty standard bar fare.  Recently we came here for brunch since they have $1 mimosa refills.  Now THIS, will definitely satisfy my Vitamin Champagne fix.We ordered a bunch of stuff.  Like more than we needed, but it actually worked out nicely since we brunched for 3 hours.  That's right!  We plopped our behinds down on those tables and ate and drank for 3 hours without feeling like the last person at your house party who lurks around and just won't beat it.  Again, the food is alright, however being able to sip and talk ish for hours is hard to come by on busy Sunday brunch days in popular neighborhoods.  We were extra proud when we asked for 1 final refill after we paid the check.  The bartender looked deep into our eyes and souls and told us he couldn't give us more mimosas because we had drank all the champagne.Ladies and gentlemen.  That's how you brunch!*Drops mic... moonwalks out of room*
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,5/5/2013,37,193,3,5,5>Really?  Must you be so amazing, Tom's?  Let's start with what this place is:  a circa 1936 awesome old school diner with yummy food!I showed up here on a Saturday with my husband and there was a line around the corner (it was almost 10:30AM) and it was raining, AND we waited :)  It was a long-ish wait, but the lovely part?  This sweet older gentleman comes out every so often with some food or coffee...and with the warmest smile and kindness!  I don't remember the last time I had such stellar service!onto the food...3 words: Lemon Ricotta Pancake.  TO DIE FOR!  Never in my life have I had a pancake that I wanted to eat without anything on top!  It did not need syrup or butter (even though you get flavored butters), it was THAT good!  Go to Tom's, get thee some amazing pancakes, smile, kick back, and eat!  Go hungry!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,5/4/2013,16,134,3,6,4>I only purchased one.  Don't make the same mistake.  Had their coquito cupcake and it was....no....still is.... without a doubt the most delicious cupcake I've ever tasted.  It should be noted that I placed 3rd in the Spanish Harlem Coquito Tasting Contests several years ago and know good coquito when I taste it.So many fun combinations of flavors.  Great staff.  The only downside?  No seating!  You purchase your heavenly little cakes and march over to A-Roma Bakery on Grand Street for an excellent coffee and a place to nibble on your precious little piece of perfect.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,5/3/2013,222,375,3,6,4>Yum. Great pan-asian/fusion ramen. Not your typical authentic Japanese ramen joint, but it certainly is tasty. We attempted to go to this place with friends on a Saturday evening but the wait was too long for us. Second time was a weekday evening and the seating was just nearing but not quite crowded. The service is mostly pretty good. We got seated at a table in the crappiest location and asked to move to a better empty table. The server warned us that to do so would be at least a 5 min wait (to set a cleared table with silverware? really?) as though he didn't want us to move. Um, okay. After that awkward exchange though, he ended up being very nice the rest of the night.We ordered the deli ramen and curry ramen with goat and bone marrow. Wow, delicious! The deli ramen had such a wonderful creamy flavorful broth and the smoked meat slices were just awesome. It came with matzo balls too. Having never had matzo balls, I'm not sure how they were supposed to taste. I found them to be kinda soggy but they did soak up the broth flavor nicely. The curry ramen is more sauce than broth, but it was so good. Wonderfully spicy but not much heat, and the meat was very tender. Only thing was that I left feeling still a little hungry. I think I'll also order the steamed buns next time to round out the meal.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,5/2/2013,786,1284,7,13,7>cheapest iced coffee in the hood. it's also good, too! why the 5 stars? well, for a hole in the wall- this place operates like a massive machine. they never screw up orders or forget about you. my order comes out in less than 8 minutes. yes, i've counted! when i was eating like a pot-head, i would come to Jessi's every Sat morning and order a large iced coffee and a Jessi's Burrito. it is out of this world! egg, refried beans, green chile and chorizo all wrapped in a tortilla. YUM! the Breakfast burrito is almost the same thing... but still amazing. the great thing about all of their burritos and sandwiches is that you can customize them as you want! they have a juicer for all you healthy juice fanatics. this isn't a fancy spot... but i appreciate it in the hood so much! everyone who works there are so sweet and you can tell they're family! the price is pretty competitive with the other delis and bakeries around... but i like their coffee and burritos for breakfast the most!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/21/2011,6/2/2012,476,542,19,11,8>If you are looking for a nice bar to watch a football game on a Sunday night along 4th Avenue in Brooklyn, you may or may not end up at Cherry Tree.You may or may not care that much about the game, but they have a large screen and projector, which makes watching the game very enjoyable, if you actually care about the game.The beers on tab rotate frequently, are plentiful and awesome, which may or may not be a good thing. For example, your girlfriend may or may not inadvertently spill a whole pint of pumpkin ale on your jacket, your tee shirt, your pants, and your shoes.You may or may not notice a guy at the bar who is really into the game, shouting and clearly cheering for one of the two teams, perhaps a bit too much for a midseason game. The guy's name may or may not be Mike, and Mike may or may not decide to buy you bourbon shots. You see, Mike may not care about either team that much, but he may or may not have placed a $1500 bet on the Giants beating the Eagles by at least seven points, which may or may not explain his chirping mood.Mike may or may not keep buying bourbon shots throughout the game which, in combination with the three or so pints you may or may not be consuming anyway, may or may not contribute to the fact that you now totally forgot what beers you had and only remember they were awesome.The Eagles may or may not defy all odds and logic and win against the Giants, in New York, without their starting quarterback, by seven points. Mike may or may not spend the rest of the night with his head buried in his arms, leaning over the bar. You may or may not leave Cherry Tree thinking that you had a couple of bourbon shots too many.The morning after you may or may not wake up with a hangover, smelling of pumpkin ale, and thinking: "F*ck; it's Monday".
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,6/1/2012,388,163,2,19,5>I just love the Park Slope Food Coop. The food and produce are delicious, fresh and comes at a great price. Even the beauty products are a bargain. A face moisturizer priced at $20 at stores, at the Coop is marked down to $10. Organic spices prices from .65 cents to less than 2 bucks. My grass fed filet mignon, oh how I love you. I just love coming here.Now, let's talk about the cheese. Cheddar cheese for less than $2. Drunken Goat Cheese from Spain for less than $3. Delicious Roquefort for $2 to $3. Goat cheese with Truffles for $4. The Brie here is just exquisite. Also, pair some of these cheese with a nice pate'. Ymmmm. The selection is huge and it's so freaking affordable. I remember spending $60+ on cheese at Whole Foods. Never again!Yes, sometimes the lines can be long, and sometimes if you're lucky like me, the lines will be short. Just use common sense and don't come on the weekends. Or just play Angry Birds on your iPhone or post food porn on Facebook . I usually come around 7-8pm during the week and sometimes right after 5PM. Not a big deal.The best part is not having to wait in line and be able pay with the cashiers if you've got 3 items or less that do not have to be weighted.I actually enjoy doing the shifts. My regular job requires a lot attention to detail and it's just draining sometimes. So coming to the Coop and doing something that is easy and meeting people, actually helps me relax (No Xanax needed). Also, if you work as a checkout cashier, you get to see all the cool stuff people buy and you can ask them what they are using them for.Yes, some of the members can be sort of hippy weird or rude (some not all). Quit your whining. The Coop cannot discriminate. They have to allow assholes to join. Should not being an asshole be a requirement prior to joining?? Don't judge the Coop just based on some crazy member. C'mon people, don't be so unrealistic. Get over it. There are tons of crazy people out there, you can't help it. Also, if you hate the lines, then try Fresh Direct. They'll charge you twice as much but you won't have to wait in line.My only disappointment? I have been on a special diet since moving to Park Slope, so I have yet to taste the delicious ice creams, cookies and treats. Someday people, someday!!Also, remember.... no credit cards.  Cash, debit card, food stamps and checks (you have to pre approve or something).TIP---- learn your member number. If you forget your card, the entrance person will not be able to find you in the system and you have to go upstairs to the office. But if you remember your member number, you can just give it to the entrance person and they will be able to find you.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,5/31/2012,521,449,8,11,13>Crif Dogs' glass-cased Star Wars action figure collection brought me back to the wild and crazy nights of my youth carefully placing Yoda in his Jedi Trainer Backpack and then subsequently on the back of my Luke Skywalker in Dagobah Fatigues, making sure Princess Leia Organa as Jabba's Prisoner was dusted regularly and featured prominently, and arranging Han Solo and Greedo's hand-drawn guns at such an angle towards one another that eliminated any question surrounding who shot first*, despite the 1997 re-release alteration that was clearly controversial subject matter worthy of such tedious discussion, dissection, and grassroots lobbying. I could go on.Oh, and as an added bonus, this place has really good hot dogs.But seriously, an open-late Brooklyn wiener joint with mad love for Jersey on their menu? I'm all about it. There's the Morning Jersey, the Garden State, and Jersey's Finest. What makes these dogs so representative of the state everyone loves to hate? They all come wrapped in Taylor Ham. Now, if you aren't familiar with Taylor Ham, you've clearly decided to just wander through your very own wasted shell of a life. But less about you. I ultimately chose the Jersey's Finest (signature smoked pork and beef dog, the ever-glorious aforementioned breakfast meat, mustard, onions, and Crif's secret chili sauce). The dog itself had a nice snap for sure, but was destined to play second fiddle to a certain surprise topping's starring role** - that's right, the chili sauce. And really, it's more of an elongated afro puff of a topping than some runny sauce. This thing has weight to it. You literally need to sink the length of your teeth into this chili to reach wiener.I also scored a Tsunami dog (bacon-wrapped this time, with teriyaki, pineapple, and green onions), a wonderfully lighter counter to the Jersey's Finest's heft and heat. Also, not to be over-looked are Crif Dogs' Tater Tots - crispy, delicious, and pretty much perfect.Seldom have I seen frankfurters so heavily accessorized. Perhaps this wiener's just overcompensating - he must know the toppings are what make him look good. He, alone, is a bit like that friend you only hang out with when in a big group as opposed to one-on-one. Regardless, this sucker does damn well for being, well, cased animal entrails. He's found himself a pretty premium entourage of toppings, worthy of hype and high praise - that's the truth.The Force is strong with this one.*Han shot first.**The superiority of Taylor Ham is an automatic, and therefore, redundant understanding.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,5/29/2012,93,268,5,6,6>having been a big fan of the east village outpost for several years, i was thrilled when i heard that there was a location open in carroll gardens. and when i found out that they also serve cocktails, i was even more excited, because if the manhattan location was missing anything, it was hard alcohol.my friend and i had two rounds of drinks -- i had the petit frere and the espanola mai tai, and i really enjoyed both of them, especially the first one.  i really, really appreciate a well-crafted, unusual cocktail that has multiple ingredients and isn't seen on just any old menu, and that is definitely present here.  and, the food was also really tasty: we shared the braised artichokes, which were dee-lish, and the cheese plate, which had 5 different varieties of cheese, all excellent.  we ended up skipping fondue for dessert, but i can tell you from previous experience that the dark chocolate option is excellent, and i'm sure i'll have it on a return visit.lastly, i see that previous reviewers had some issues with the service, but i thought our waitress was quite good.  she was attentive without being overbearing, she had great timing in knowing when to return to our table to take our order for the second round, and she was knowledgeable about the menu and able to make a recommendation to me for my second drink. all in all, i am quite pleased that this location opened up (did you know it was a video rental place previously? this is infinitely better) and i'm sure i'll be making the trek from brooklyn heights regularly.  and btw, they do accept credit cards now.OH!  and the wallpaper is fuzzy.  touch it.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,5/28/2012,116,303,4,7,4>I got here at 10:50 on a Saturday morning. They open at 11. I was MAYBE the 15th person on line.I waited about 15 minutes once they opened, if that.I got awesome seats for Godspell that night.Paid with a card.I was out of there by 11:20.I would give the Brooklyn TKTS booth a million stars if I could.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,5/27/2012,118,267,4,3,3>Writing this in a fog due to how high they filled their house wine decanters last night, which is in no way a complaint.Though not on the most scenic street, Passatore is quite cozy once you get inside. The space is small, warm and delicious-smelling. Kinda think they paint their walls with truffle oil.A couple friends started with polenta so good I can't believe they offered a bite to me. I will be ordering my own when I return, and I am aaabsolutely not sharing. For dinner, I ordered the lamb ragu pappadalle which was great - though portions were on the smaller side. Stole a bite of a friend's gnocchi with goat cheese that was also quite good. Extra points for the house bread that never quit.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,5/26/2012,110,253,2,7,6>The spanish mackerel sashimi was 7 dollas of pure delight. Simple, subtle, super fresh. Loved the scallops and the black bass as well, all top notch.The Bacon and soft-boiled egg Mazemen (similar to ramen minus the broth) is also incredible. Priced affordably and really well executed. And the buns are great too.The reason I love this place is simple, you can tell that Yuji (the chef) really cares. Whether in the presentation, the flavors, ingredients, or simply his personality in welcoming a guest... he really cares and it shows. I'm stoked on Yuji Ramen, and excited to come here more often. By the way, they're only open on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.Again... simple, subtle, super fresh ingredients, and an amazing chef. Love this place.New note - I did recently have the summer crab mazemen, and felt like it was a very meager serving (2-3 flakes) for $12. Still dig this place though, everyone has an occasional fail.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,5/25/2012,233,239,9,6,8>Do you swear to order the cheesecake, the whole cheesecake, and nothing but the cheesecake?I do.Junior's is a Brooklyn icon. If you like a nice, dense, intensely flavored cheesecake, look no further than the bakery counter at Junior's. The decor is classic diner, and it's nice that it seems to stay suspended in time as condos rise around it. It's also nice that it maintains its classy appeal, in spite of downtown's sea of stores selling gold fronts, hair extensions, cell phones, and sneakers--under the same roof.Even though this is a full-fledged restaurant, and even though there are many other items to order in the bakery...I just don't. The food here is standard--not great, not terrible, just average. That's okay though, because a slice of cheesecake is heavy enough to be a meal.My personal favorite is the chocolate mousse cheesecake. It's $6.95, or as I will now call it, the cheapest sex in town.If that's not your thing, you can choose from quite a few varieties. Honestly, I can't see anyone loving cheesecake and not being in love with Junior's.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,5/24/2012,611,712,15,6,8>I haven't been excited about a bar in years.Maybe I'm getting old. I think bars in North Brooklyn have just started sucking. Good Co. has filled a serious void in my life. It's the perfect bar. I can dance here on the weekends, get wasted on their two for one happy hour, play BINGO, hang out on a bus, hang out at a picnic table. It's really got something for everyone. The first time I was here I saw a man in a wolf headdress and a g-string. I'm not saying that sold me, but I'm not saying it didn't. Thank you, Good Co. You're everything I've been yearning for.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,5/23/2012,158,207,16,32,20>Need a passport??? Forget the friggin post office and just use Fastport Passport.Seriously.I'm an Executive Assistant by day - so I've been processing expedited passports/visas for bankers.. for yearssss.. and I know the trouble it takes to get these done..... Well! I needed a quick passport for my newborn son - since we are about to take my yearly bday vacation.. ( I never spend my bday in the country:)... and of course - went to check my passport - just to be sure - and whadya know.. mine was expired..... So 2 expedited passports for us!Met with Lindsey - and I can't tell you how amazingly friendly and FAST she was!!They even take your pictures right there in the office for you...She filled all of our paperwork out - all I had to do was sign....take them over to Grand Army Plaza Library to swear in front of an official - bring that envelope back to the Fastport Passport office - and we were done... in 1.5 hrs... DONE..DONE.. DONE!I saw Lindsey on Tuesday May 1st.And she left me a message today - Friday May 4th  - that my passports are done.2 Business Days...Can you say fabulous?And if you're worried about prices? DON'T...Totally comparable to what I would have paid the post office to do an expedited job- without dealing with lines.. grumpy employees - and NOT knowing IF THEY WILL GET IT BACK TO YOU ON TIME...and risk ruining your vacation/trip.This is the way to get your passports done..I'm never going back to the Post Office..Recommending to ALL OF MY FRIENDS/FAMILY...and my investment firm.. - as they are faster than half of the companies we use.NOTE- You can only use Fastport Passport - if you already have travel booked for within 30 days.. so my thing is.. book your vacation/business trip/etc... then use them - if you realise that you have expired or need new passports....For those outside the Brooklyn/NYC area - I'm assuming everything will need to be Fed Ex'd to their office/scanned? emailed? - nonetheless - however they do it - rest assured - this team will get it done.... TOTALLY SOLD!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,7/31/2013,320,397,9,8,9>I've really come to like this place for casual cocktail dates as I don't always need my concoctions made with angel tears bitters by a dude in suspenders and a Finneas Bartleby beard which is pretty much the standard in Brooklyn now. They have about six signature cocktails, my favorite being the El Guapo for its tequila and subtle fruitiness but if you're in a wine mood their list is also plentiful. If you're in the mood for some tangy bar snacks get the feta-stuffed peppers or one of their charcuterie plates.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,7/30/2013,440,260,2,13,7>Eating first with your eyes means that things like decor and plating matter.  Centanni scores big in those areas!  From the antique lights and open bar area in the front to the big strung up lights in the back yard, everything is super rustic and cute.  The food is classic Sicilian edited for the American pallet.  They have crustinis and salads and main dishes but I think the real draw of Centanni is the pasta.  All the noodles and sauces are made in-house!  They list the pastas and the sauces separately so you can mix-and-match to your heart's desire.  Last night, we tried the wild boar ragu with tagliatelle ($16).  Like a Campbell's commercial:  Mmm Mmm Good!Also ordered was the Burrata special which came on a bed of juicy beefsteak tomatoes drizzled with balsamic.  Kinda pricy at $16 but totally worth it because it was a big mofo burrata that's flown in from Italy.  Not available everyday so jump on it if you get the chance!Slightly less successful, though still super tasty, was the Branzino special ($22).  A huge dish with mussels, calimari, and salmon in a tomato sauce.  I just really hate when there are bones and scales (because I'm a lazy eater) but I understand it comes with the territory.  The service was very attentive, though slightly confusing since we had 2 waiters that both came over to read us the specials. The food also came out a bit slowly but totally understandable since they just opened 3 days ago so I'm cutting them some slack.Welcome to the neighborhood guys!  Can't wait to try that butternut squash gnocchi!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,7/29/2013,326,607,6,6,6>I had been to Smorgasbar in the Seaport on my lunchbreak before so when friends texted me if I wanted to check out Smorgasburg on a late Saturday afternoon, I readily accepted. The weather was surprisingly amazing for what was supposed to be thunderstorms/rain/slush. Tons of people and vendors made an appearance on what I like to call a 'fake beach' but with a breath-taking view of Manhattan. I couldn't decide on what to get with there being such a huge amount of options! I am hugely disappointed to say though that I don't remember for the life of me where I got my lunch. I had what turned out to be an ENORMOUS tasty brisket sandwich with white provolone cheese, onions, fried kimchee I think, and Mayo. I added a bit of hot sauce as well to it from the side table. I know it wasn't Quinn's because I saw the line wrapping around and how long it was and there were a million other options to pick from. It definitely wasn't Porchetta either and the website for Smorgasburg doesn't have the vendor listed. Big frown. I'm almost positive the sandwich was oddly called 'The White Dragon' though, so of course I had to get it. There was a very generous, mammoth sized amount of moist brisket on this sucker though and the cheese and mayo just added to my later heart attack. But I liked it. Glad I didn't eat anything before coming here. I also ended up getting a Mango Lemonade from Bon Chovie which was pretty great. One of my friends got a southern biscuit with fried chicken from Bee Hive Oven and another got a cornmeal crusted cod sandwich with chipotle slaw and kettle chips from also Bon Chovie. That was seriously almost my second pick or something from Porchetta because I've been wanting to try that for awhile. We topped off our experience with doughnuts from Dough. Which none of us 'needed' but 'wanted'. I ended up with the Hibiscus because most of the chocolaty ones had already sold out. But it was great! A million times better than Duncan and tasted kind of like a raspberry floral jam infused doughnut. Perfect idea for a picnic if you want to purchase instead of make your own food. My friend also said most of the vendors here were at GoogaMooga and unless you want to go to a concert, cancels out the point of GoogaMooga entirely. My only complaints are that I personally don't like crowds and I melt/burn in the sun. Not a ton of places for shade. But we didn't stay too long and I had spf 5000 on.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,7/28/2013,25,154,,17,9>I got a sprawling piece on nearly the entire inside of my left arm in December 2012 here by Sergio Luis Mesa.  The entire experience, from beginning to end, was nothing short of pleasant and 100% professional.I wandered in here in late October, met some artists, decided to work with Sergio because of his detailing and lighter hand and explained what I wanted (a large billowy feather breaking off into silhouettes of birds up my arm).  I put down a reasonable deposit, he sketched for a couple of weeks, graciously accepted some emails of "inspirational" pictures from me in the process, and I went back to approve the final image.  We scheduled for a week later and then BAM! I got in a really nasty bike accident right before our appointment, destroying my clavicle to the point of needing open reduction internal fixation surgery and getting a plate and 6 screws installed.  Not fun - would rather be getting a sweet tattoo.  Sergio was awesome and so understanding of the whole situation - told me to take as much time as I needed, and he'd be there when I wanted to get to work.  I was in the chair within 6 weeks, and he banged the whole thing out in 3.5 hours.  Sergio works fast, is super sweet with making sure I was okay during the whole thing, offered me several breaks and has a wonderfully light touch.  He's very creative and just awesome at interpreting your vision.  I'm so happy with the tattoo he gave me.  He actually covered another smaller tattoo in the process and did such an amazing job, I'm returning for some other touch up type of work and I want him to design a piece for the inside of my right bicep.  I might even attempt the ribs eventually since he's so light handed.  I have very sensitive skin and tend to "puff up" and bleed and ooze for days, but after he worked on me, this was the cleanest, fastest healing tattoo I've ever gotten!Solid shop - I will be returning very soon!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,7/27/2013,381,1142,,5,3>The big virgen de guadaloupe above the grill, the decorations, the employees, and most of all: the taste of the food should all tip you off that this place is authentic.  Great meats/condiments and even better tortillas.  I've been here twice now and both times, the major thing that stuck out to me was the quality of the tortillas, especially the ones that come with the picadas.  A picada is a big circular fresh, soft, yet slightly crispy tortilla and it comes dressed in a meat of your choice, avocado, crema fresca, lettuce, tomato, and you should add some green or red sauce too.  I got this one last night with pollo.  The avocado really rounds that thing out.  It's filling and only $4.  The other items I got last night were 2 tacos de carne enchilada (spicy pork), and 2 tacos de cecina (salted beef).  I liked both meats very much but the carne enchilada was overall better.  The cecina is juicy and flavorful but the texture is a little too crispy and thin in my opinion.  Pretty much most of these items should come with some lime and a little bit of salsa (both are good).  They have mexican sodas in the fridge that you serve yourself, you write your order on a note card, specify "to go" or "to stay", you eat and drink to your heart's content, and then they ask you what you ordered after and you pay your bill as you leave at the front.  It's a very casual, chill setting with a working class vibe that I love.  it's attached to a garage which serves basically as a tortilla factory and an additional dining area with some tables.  They even had a resident black lab just chilling there tied up.  That's the kinda feeling this place has, just very easy going.  It's so easy going that employees and customers will often gather around together watching some movie on the TV.  I wish they had tacos al pastor, but in all honesty I'd rather they don't have it at all versus doing it incorrectly.   The only place in New York I've found that does al pastor correctly is Taco Mix in El Barrio  on E 116th St.  They've got the spinning gyro wheel which slow roasts the pork, but that's a very hard thing to attain and get permits for in the states.  I've had their quesadillas and tortas in the past and they are excellent.  I love the employees.  The "los hermanos" part of the restaurant is in reference to the three Mexican brothers who opened the place.  The son of one of the brothers was there last night and he along with his co workers made our meal an outstanding success.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/26/2013,68,233,7,5,5>Let's see : a giant plate of rice and beans served with a perfectly roasted, juicy half chicken for $6. SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! Note : only bar seating here... and the staff speaks broken english. But they're nice enough to you and you can order in english. Just be prepared for the fact that no one else in the place will speak much english, if at all. I guess that makes this place mad authentic.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/25/2013,1231,1149,2,12,8>I'm really glad that a lot of places are opening in Williamsburg. Especially this one, Suzume. This place offers a mix of Filipino and Japanese cuisine in which this area lacked.The space isn't that big, but it's very intimate. What really stood out is the bar. It's not your "normal shaped" bar, but a massive piece of wood that curves. It's pretty sweet. From what I tried off the menu, this place definitely knows what they're doing. The wings with yogurt sauce, Tonkatsu Ramen and Salmon Belly was amazing. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/24/2013,144,314,4,13,8>I had my wedding here a week ago and let me tell you, best decision EVER.  I could have done the Long Island, Westchester or Jersey thing, but I'm a Brooklyn girl, so I had to keep it home.Debbie, the sales manager and Vicky, the events planner were sweethearts the whole way through my planing.  They were patient with me (which for me, doesn't take much) and looked forward to seeing me each time I came in.  The chef is amazing.  We had our dinner tasting since last summer and I knew once the food was solid, it was a win-win situation. Our maitre'd (Kim) and bridal attendant (Jordan) were amazing as well.  The whole evening flowed so smoothly that it felt like one big family reunion.  It didn't feel like a stuffy, rehearsed, mechanical event.  The staff here at Dyker are very professional and ready to accommodate you in and and every way possible.   The grounds are beautiful and the gazebo was perfect for our outside ceremony.  They've recently added uplighting which definitely added depth and excitement to our reception.  We had a beautiful wedding and if I wanted to, I would do it all over again the same exact way.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,7/23/2013,27,112,4,4,3>Oh Rose Water, how much do I love thee? Let me count the ways.First, your amazingly friendly, adorable, and nice staff. Always perfect service, every. single. time. Whoever manages this places needs to manage every restaurant in NYC. Second, your very delicious and affordable seasonal market menus. Arctic char, roasted chicken, and crispy polenta, oh my. Everything is splendid. $28 per person for all this is loco.Third, your incredibly cozy ambiance. Perfect for a date, girl talk, reunion, whatever.Fourth, your awesome brunch! $14 per person for food prepared with love you can literally taste? Every weekend, please. This place is holy crap good. Go there now. Your tummy will thank you.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,7/22/2013,85,517,6,11,8>When I was a kid, I was taken more often to Caputo's, which tends to have better cookies and bread. That's no knock on CPS, since both places are terrific. It's just to say that I don't recall ever having had the lemon ice at CPS until this past summer. I know this is a pastry shop. I'll get to that. But the lemon ice is the truth. Based on an admittedly limited sample, it's the best Italian ice in the city. Note that although I did qualify that accolade with "admittedly limited," I have driven to Grasmere just to eat Italian ice. CPS's version is light, refreshing, and not nearly as sweet or syrupy as the product offered by many other aspirants to the crown.As for the pastry, the biscotti are great. Particularly if used as a spoon for your lemon ice. The other thing is that it's really important to patronize Court Pastry Shop and Caputo's. They're pretty much the last bulwark against the marauding "artisans."
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/15/2012,49,221,3,10,3>Brooklyn Heights' rule of culinary mediocrity has a few exceptions, and Dellarocco's is now one of them.  Molto bene!  This is not, repeat, not Brooklyn style pizza.  It's Neapolitan, made by a real life Neapolitan (with a few Mexicans) spinning dough on their fingers and turning out some tasty pies.  Unlike the thin/dense/crisp crust traditional Brooklyn pizza, this is light, doughy, chewy, yeasty, with the occasional wood fired burn blisters.  Very good.  Buffalo mozzarella, high quality oil and meat, and delicious sauce. Bravo!Leave the gun, but take the cannollis.  Delicious mini/cigarette style Neapolitan cannoli.  Ultra crisp shells freshly stuffed with flavored ricotta cheese and sprinkled with nuts.Friendly, efficient service.  I still can't get over a good restaurant in Brooklyn Heights. I'm holding off on five stars until they do something about the unacceptably high noise level. I went late and it was only 2/3 full, but between the music and the customers conversing/shouting, and the blonde wood on the ceiling and everywhere else, it's quite loud.  Can't wait to try the good looking salads and calzones.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,10/14/2012,611,712,8,11,8>I was so happy when I heard that Cafe Mogador was opening up shop in north Brooklyn. Their East Village location has provided me with many excellent brunches, (and some awkward ones, i mean come on.) Fortunately, the quality of their Moroccan sauce and the sheer value of the meal never failed to satisfy me and definitely made up for any uncomfortable silences.Mogador's been open for a while, but for some reason it took us a few months to decide that the best day to indulge would be the day we had delusions of energy and walked from the tippy top of Greenpoint down to their location on Wythe. It was like the trail of tears. But. With sweat. Instead of tears. Fortunately for us, our wait was about 5 minutes and we were seated by the window. If you're unfamiliar with Williamsburg, I have to tell you...the neighborhood provides some amazing people watching opportunities. I'm happy to report that the food was just as excellent as that of their location across the river. The Moroccan Benedict (Like the classic, but with a splash of the tangy, tomato-pepper sauce on each muffin) hit the spot, as did our iced lattes and orange juice. The roasted potatoes were SPOT ON, and the salad provided me with the enough greens that I tricked myself into feeling like a healthy person. LOL. The best part about this location? This Mogador serves liquor. The bloody marys, while kinda small, were on point. This brunch was everything I could ever have wanted...and more. I'll be back. And I'll definitely take the bus.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,10/13/2012,44,98,8,9,10>There's something very right going on here. The ambiance, the service, the food - everything was great and I am baffled at how these guys got the combination of it all so right given how wrong things tend to get around the neighborhood. Came here around 3pm on a Saturday and were promptly seated. We found the space to be warm and cozy - tables generously spaced out, soft jazz playing in the background, and an appropriate number of staff to accomodate the lunchers. Our waiter was polite, informative, and magically appeared to change our plates or bring us more wine when we needed it, while not being a pest when we did not. Now on to the food - everything we've ordered was excellent. The Greek salad and burrata salads were super fresh, the latter served with four chunks of mozarella that practically melted in my mouth. The dozen oysters came on a huge plate, over a nice layer of ice, and with about a dozen wedges of lemon and tartar sauce. I ordered a langet with tomatoes and grilled veggies - the meat very tender, and veggies nicely grilled with a great smokey flavor to them. My friend ordered a branzini and was quite happy with it. For desert we ordered chocolate cakes with walnuts and a capuccino. Excellent! A very satisfying meal both food and service wise. This is a great place and you will end up paying for that greatness, so if you are on a budget or are anal about getting a "value" meal - this place is not for you. But if you like to indulge - definitely check Alik's out. I am looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,10/12/2012,144,314,3,9,5>Over 400 colors to choose from???  I really could stop my review right here, but before I go, I must tell you that at least one Primp and Polish experience is a non-negotiable.I first came using a Living Social for a gel mani and pedi.  At first I'm like, cool a gel mani and pedi for $16, I can't beat that with a bat.  I checked out the website and saw the decor, I'm like, yeah, I'm in for a real treat.  Made my appt, went on in, now I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna love this!First of all, I thought the 400 polish colors were just for regular mani's, but then the receptionist gave me a color wheel just for gel polish....what the blouse and skirt!!  I started with the pedi, again, thinking I was getting the basic treatment, but the lady adorned my legs with warm clay and wrapped plastic, all the while showering my toes with fresh lemons and sticking my feet in yet another sea scrub and foot wash, complete with a hot stone massage and a 5 minute foot rub.  NICE.My mani was just as good without the frills and the lady I had (Sofia) was thorough, polishing quickly and efficiently.  I have gone once more since then and like Sarah W. said, not all the ladies are consistent.  My mani did stay on for the full two weeks, but the color started to fade (2nd time, first time was totally awesome). That's not going to stop me from going back though.  Monday-Wednesday before 4pm gel mani and pedi is $29.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/11/2012,153,100,,10,5>I first found out about this place looking for some volunteer work. I've volunteered at Sean Casey to walk their dogs on weekends in Prospect Park, which is a nice weekend activity - they have SO MANY dogs and they need the help! Sean Casey cares about all of his animals. I love that they don't euthanize them either, that is a rare and wonderful thing! I got my rescue cat from this shelter and they were very thorough with me on how to take care of my cat, etc. I continue to volunteer when I can and would recommend anyone looking for a pet, to go here...they have dogs, cats, salamanders, all types of turtles.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,10/10/2012,11,280,,7,7>A huge fan of their Bay Ridge location and I love that they opened in Park Slope. What can be better than a lunch STEAL followed by a stroll down 5th ave?I walked in and was a bit intimidated by the big, buff manly men wait staff but they were some of the sweetest waiters ever!Lunch here (or at the Bay Ridge location) is a STEAL. For $9, you get your choice of protein (beef, turkey, veggie, or chicken), cheese, 1 topping, and a side. THEY DO NOT SKIMP ON THE SIDES! I assumed that for the low price of $9, they'd serve a smaller portion but I was wrong. The grilled vegetable salad was a giant mound of zucchini, roasted red peppers and artichoke. The lentil salad was served in a huge bowl. Sweet potato fries were overflowing from the plate. Tip #1: I suggest you get the sliders (served 2 per order) because they're less messy to eat. Their regular burger patties are HUGE. Tip #2: redeem a free ice cream sandwich using the scoutmob app.Another plus - LOVED the music they play here!! Smashing Pumpkins, Red Hot Chili Peppers, No Doubt - 90s rock! No top 40s hits here.Note: I came with my sister and 4 month old nephew. The restaurant isn't too infant friendly. We were lucky to get a table with room to push the stroller next to us but other diners had to leave their strollers outside. Also, there was no changing table in the restroom. I would think that most new restaurants in the Slope would cater to the mommy crowd!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,10/9/2012,51,150,8,13,6>An incredible, unexpected experience. I think this is Uzbekistan food.Squished between a large shady car wash and an even larger, shadier laundromat. Almost missed it, and almost reconsidered. What changed our minds: Free valet parking. We hongry.The world transforms inside. Dark wood, gloss. Huge space. Lots of light. ********************FOOD: That shit was a FEAST.- First off: their menu is written like a glorious fairy tale. Descriptions of food don't ACTUALLY describe the food. Expect something along the lines of: "These delectable morsels were consumed two at a time by the great second prince, surrounded by his doting wives and jesters. Give into plush, velvet flavors whilst you drift upon a silk road of dreams." True story.- WINNER: Berries & quail salad (see image). GORGEOUS. Fresh, juicy berries (strawberries, blueberries) tossed with herbs, summer greens, and perfectly grilled quail. Large enough to share between four chicks. - All the kebobs were good n tender. I had the salmon, which was pleasant.****************************- Vinegar for bread dipping is really interesting, (see pic) -- a refreshing shift from balsamic. - Babaganoush not my favorite, but super fresh.- "Samsa" is like samosa but in a flaky croissant-like crust. Potato and lamb are good. (see pic)- Vegetable sherpa (soup) with lamb is SUPER oily, but very good. Layer of grease sits on top.****************************EXTRAS:- dreamlike setting. Everything. Including bathrooms.- far as ALL HACK from real life.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,10/8/2012,20,69,4,6,3>Just got back from my second visit to Peter Pan Bakery. The first visit, we (girlfriend and I) arrived mid-day and asked for whatever donuts were left. From the first bite to the last bite we were thoroughly impressed by the flavor of the doughnuts. I'm not a sweets person, in fact if I bite into something and it hurts my teeth there will be a fat chance getting me to take another bite. But these doughnuts, despite their flavor intensity, were just perfect. All of this based on doughnuts that were not fresh and to be honest a bit on the stiff stale side.Today we went back for an honest taste. I ordered a plain jelly doughnut and a glazed chocolate doughnut. The ol' ball and chain ordered a glazed sour cream and strawberry jelly. She was happy with hers, I can only assume since she ate both in under 2mins. I definitely enjoyed my doughnuts and I have a few observations...1. HOLY SHIT why hasn't anyone thought of making just a plain jelly doughnut? Often I find myself brushing the sugar or powder off the outside, only to be struck by intolerable sweetness from both the outside and the jelly. Don't get me wrong I love a good jelly doughnut and I wouldn't mind getting diabetes after 5 years, I just don't want to deal with instant cavities.2. It's amazing that Peter Pan Bakery finds a balance between sweetness and flavor, especially enough for someone like me to enjoy it.3. Freshness. These doughnuts are at their very very best when they're fresh. I still have to get there at 6am to try fresh out of the oven, but even at 11am, there is a noticeable improvement from 4pm.I enjoyed my doughnut and I was actually sad when my experience was over. But this place is a great place to go and just order doughnuts to-go and enjoy them elsewhere. I would definitely go back to dine-in as well since the breakfast sandwiches look so seductive. Anyway, Peter Pan Bakery is simply a joy. Sweetness at its most balanced perfection.Personal Note: I've read a lot of reviews that rated Peter Pan Bakery poorly because of the service... failing to mention the food or doughnuts. I think those people need to get over themselves and read the F#$king sign in the bakery that says "Take out orders only". People shouldn't go to a place like this expecting the service of Per Se (freaking idiots).
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,10/7/2012,35,60,2,3,3>I decided to try neighborhood newcomer Aarpan for takeout since Baluchi's got shut down for apparently being a disgusting den of filth, and boy was I glad. I think after this meal, Aarpan will be my go-to fix for Indian food in Brooklyn.I ordered the Chicken Maknhi (Butter Chicken), and it was everything I expected; a beautiful, fragrant and flavorful sauce, with tender chunks of moist chicken that I couldn't stop wolfing down. My only critique would be that the dish wasn't very spicy.  It was supposed to be averagely spicy (I love spicy food), but this was barely mild.  Not a worry though, I'll definitely be back to try then dine-in.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,10/5/2012,82,177,13,13,10>Yummy Yemen.Yesterday was my first experience with Yemeni food. I had an idea of what the meal may taste like from my past experience with Moroccan cuisine - damn good. However, the food served here greatly surpassed my expectations.Based on Yelp reviews, my date and I ordered the Haneez with lamb. I am a sucker for lamb and order it over chicken every time, especially with Indian and Moroccan food.  Our entrees came with complimentary bread, salad, spicy sauce, and soup.Okay, I'm gonna have to break this review down for y'all because the food here needs to be properly addressed so you can fully understand how fucking good this meal was. I'll try to be descriptive as possible.The Soup:When the soup arrived at our table, I'm not gonna lie, I was a bit nervous to try it based on its color. But it sure did not smell they way it looked- It actually smelled quite delicious. I watched my date take a sip and after his go-ahead I plunged in. MAN OH MAN. Why haven't I had this shit before? I can eat bowls of this soup, dipped with the bread, with a touch of that spicy sauce. MM MM MMMM! The soup is a simple light broth but so flavorful with a mild boldness to it. It has you guessing the whole time what ingredients are inside. But drink it quickly because it gets cool fast. That's what happened to me, but it was no big ting! I just simply began sopping up that brothy goodness with the perfectly baked bread pieces I tore off with my bare hands. YES! I love eating with my hands, I like to get to work when I eat!!!The Haneez:The Haneez, a slow cooked lamb served with rice and potatoes, came in a a huge ass plate and as I stared at the enormous chunks of lamb goodness, I thought to myself,"TIffany, you couldn't possibly eat all this. Especially not with the soup and bread you just scarfed down in a moment of weakness. Hmm...Fuck it, I'll make room."And room I did make! Let me tell you- I poked the lamb with my fork and meat literately fell off the bone. I was so shocked. I just stared at my plate in amazement. I couldn't believe that this meat was so tender, so succulent and juicy, so flavorful and all for me! I was so in love with my food that I started to marry them together. I put the rice in the soup and ate it like that for a little while. Then I got creative and tore off a piece of bread, placed some lamb inside, and dipped in the soup. It was a beautiful union. Amen.So yeah, this food is the bomb and it blew up in my mouth. Nuff said.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,5/23/2014,210,93,5,9,8>Mullanes is a sports bar located in Brooklyn's immensely cool "bar triangle" (where Lafayette, Fulton, and South Portland meet). I call it a sports bar because the first thing you notice after the bar, are the absurdly large televisions screens hanging behind it. We happened to go on the second night of the Olympics; one would expect to see nothing but curling and bobsledding on every TV right? Wrong, this place is super "sports" diverse, and I love that. Yes they Olympics were on the main scree (as they should be), but flanked on either side was the Premier league soccer match....AWESOME. This place is jamming on a Saturday night, but can't quite seem to manage all the foot traffic they get. To be honest the only reason they didn't get a full five stars was because we had to wait almost 15 minutes to get a drink. When we finally managed to get as seat at the bar, all became right with the world. Starting with the bar tenders - absolutely hilarious, but I'm not convinced completely by design. The guys behind the bar are probably the quirkiest group I've run into in a long time. Comments ranging from Putin being on the bed sheets in all the Olympic rooms, to off the cuff soccer jokes - they were a hoot.  The beers on tap were also exceptionally diverse, ranging from a really nice winter white (single cut), to a spring beer (spring fling). We hung out long enough to get a bit hungry and decided to order dinner - fantastic call let me tell ya! Is it bar food? Absolutely, but it's really REALLY good bar food. The skins were done just right, and the burgers were ultra-creative. I had a burger topped with sausage (weird right?), it just about knocked my socks off.  The ambiance is lively, the tap selection diverse, the food is wonderful - definitely a fun spot to watch a game, I'll be back soon.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/22/2014,113,212,3,11,10>Since I've moved to the neighborhood, I've been meaning to try this place.  And I have to say, it exceeded my expectations as my friend and I ended up hanging out there for hours.  The service was great.  They are super friendly and attentive.  We had a great spot by the open-air front area but as it got a little chilly, they closed the windows for us.  My favorite part of the night was when my friend and I couldn't decide whether or not we wanted to go for a third glass of wine and the server jokingly was like, you can always have a 1/2 glass pour...which I did :)  We came for happy hour, which I believe was 5-7pm, and I got this great Portugal wine I've never tried "Alentejano" for only $6 a glass.  I also got the mac&cheese happy hour special topped with bacon (also only $6).  It really was the perfect way to end the week on a Friday.  My friend got the cured salmon salad which looked healthy and amazing (next time maybe I will forgo my mac&cheese haha).  We also split the "Boucheron" cheese which to me tasted like brie but less creamy, meaning I loved it!  And the extra touch with the Jalapeño jelly, it was the perfect flavor combination.It looked like there was a garden in the back which I would like to try on a warmer day.  I can't believe I didn't make my way to this place sooner.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/21/2014,31,111,3,9,6>I found this place on yelp. Thank you fellow reviewers!From the outside Brooklyn Bloom doesn't look like much. In fact I may not have noticed it if I wasn't looking for it. But once you step inside the place is as adorable café. There are small comfy two person tables in the front and booths towards the middle. There is also wifi!I had the bacon Panini with fries and a large coffee, and then four cookies for dessert. The Panini's are only $4 and $5 deluxe with fries and a drink! The coffee was $1.50 and the cookies were $1. I paid $7.50 for the whole meal! If that's not a deal I don't know what is. I could eat here daily and not break my wallet. And the food was great. These Panini's rivaled some of the $10-13 ones I had elsewhere! The friends were yummy and crispy. The coffee was also really good.Really no complaints at all. This place has been added to my "work café" list now. I will be back.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/20/2014,114,212,8,11,12>Five stars don't come easily. Yemen Cafe earned them. Fantastic food, solid (if a little slow) service, and worth a trip back.The amount of food they give you is INSANE. I got the Salta and the thing must've come with a pound of lamb. The dish was amazing, but I took home half of it. Bro got the mixed grill and loved it. Parents got lamb dishes, too.For the appetizers, we got the hummus (delicious!) and shak-shoo-ka...which isn't really shakshuka. It was basically an omelet with peppers, tomato, and cilantro. it was good, but not traditional shakshuka in the Israeli sense of it. Still, excellent.Oh, and the BREAD! Massive, fresh, and delicious. I could've eaten that stuff all. damn. night.Weird observation of the night: the male to female ratio here is ridiculous. I noticed hardly any women in the entire restaurant. Bizarre? Sure. But hey, whatever. Food was great, prices great, and I'll be back.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,5/19/2014,263,437,9,21,10>Apartment Hunting in NY.  You know the deal.  Locations advertised as "brand new renovated, prehistoric, spacious apartment close to train."  You go to check it out and you've broken a sweat traipsing to said apartment that's 25 blocks away from the train.  Once you get there you realize that prehistoric really means old and tired, the renovated part of the apartment is the new toilet seat and the spacious room only fits a twin size bed.  We found Israel through Craigslist.  We had been in our old apartment for 8 years, prior to the great pre-gentrification of Crown Heights. We were really surprised and dismayed by the price hikes but didn't want to compromise what we knew would be possible to get. Our first meeting, we saw a really nice apartment but wanted more space.  We never felt like we got the bait and switch with Israel.  We explained exactly what we wanted and he called me a few days later to look at an apartment.  The NY cynic in me walked over to the property grumbling but alas, there it was!  Israel had found us the perfect apartment. More important than finding us a great space was the way Israel went about it.  He has a unique gift of balancing his professionalism with being familiar and personable.  He was extremely helpful with helping us communicate with our new landlords and helped with expediting the lease signing process.Great service, and great people all around.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,5/18/2014,66,132,4,8,6>I've ordered grilled cheese sandwiches from Campbell Cheese and Grocery before, but this weekend I finally got to check it out in person. And it is AWESOME.They carry cheeses and charcuterie, baguettes, chocolate, a wonderfully random assortment of awesome things (apple cider donuts, kimchi, cookies, yogurt, coffee, dried fruit) and some cute housewares. I went there looking for a meat/cheese plate. The clerk was very knowledgeable and recommended some great meat/cheese pairings. When I mentioned that I was going sailing, she made an effort to package all the goodies in a picnic-friendly, easily accessible way. Much appreciated.I also grabbed a couple of perfect demi-baguettes, amazing French cornichons (which were eaten in record time) and some La Colombe coffee. It doesn't get much better than this. Really. My friends raved about everything and one person texted me last night "Still dreaming about that cheese plate". Yep!5 stars and then some for the selection, quality, staff and decor. It IS a little pricey, but you really do get your money's worth.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/17/2014,103,339,2,7,6>I have been with Prospect Bark for over a year and a half now. I have used three dog walkers, and all were excellent. Currently, Damian is walking my furry love, Almond. Damian sends me updates, including photos at times after each walk. I am completely at ease knowing that my dog is in good hands. It's always a little strange thinking of someone keying into your apartment to walk your dog, but everyone I've worked with at Prospect Bark has the kind of energy that puts me and my high-energy pup at ease.  I highly recommend this dog-walking service.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/16/2014,226,204,5,12,8>So finally after many years of saying I would, I finally made my way over to Ba Xuyen. Partly because fellow Yelper Liana L. reminded me it wasn't on my list and partially because reading that it wasn't on my list pretty much made me crave it. It's a little out of the way to get there as it's not really close to anything or anywhere that I go to. But oh man was it ever worth the trip. Hands down the best banh mi I have had so far.I didn't want to make the trip alone so I convinced my coworker to come with me for lunch today. I ordered the #1: Banh Mi Pate Thit Nguoi (the regular pork banh mi at most places) while my coworker had the #9: Banh Mi Ga Nuong (grilled chicken). My sandwich came stuffed to the brim with huge amounts of delicious meat and pickled vegetables. Ordering it spicy came with just the perfect amount of jalapenos and sriracha so that it wasn't overpowering at all. The bread was so good too. Just the perfect amount of crustiness on the outside and a soft chewy center. Yum!I didn't try the grilled chicken but my coworker kept making sounds of pleasure and claiming it was the best he's ever had. Now to complete the picture, imaging that he was sticking copious amounts of meat in his mouth. Oh baby!The space is fairly large and has a good amounts of seats to eat in. There's also a bunch of other foods that they make as well so those are worth giving a shot. The ladies are very nice and they seem to be fluent in Chinese, Vietnamese, and English. It is a CASH ONLY spot and no banks in the relative vicinity so make sure you've got money.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/15/2014,44,117,7,12,11>5 stars for how honest these guys are! I accidentally left $40 more than I intended to and one of the workers came running down the long avenue after my family to give it back to us when they could have easily kept the money. Not only that but everything we ate was good. I particularly liked the udon, fried dumplings, teriyaki salmon, fried potato shrimp, and pork tonkontsu ramen but also enjoyed everything else we ate, which were the french fries, hash browns, ramen burger, and rice burger. Highly recommend for cheap and quick eats!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/14/2014,64,131,6,10,8>i am really not all that into baked goods unless they are perfection and this is perfection. in the few months that they have been open a couple blocks away from me, i have stopped by for a coffee and a cupcake/brownie at least 8 times. this is A BIG DEAL! there's only one other bakery in this big ol' city that has ever inspired such strong feelings in me but it is not in bay ridge. as they say, outta sight outta mind. (they also say distance makes the heart grow fonder but let's not talk about that.)the cupcakes are fancyshmancy and off the hook delicious. there's none of that -- "i am eating 23 lbs of powdered sugar + 14 teaspoons of food coloring" grossness. the brownies are decadently rich, almost truffle like. cute storefront too. love!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,2/20/2012,67,318,9,8,9>I don't remember the last time I gave a 5 star rating up in here, but y'all: I am in deep, messy, surrounded by mushy goo can't get out without a fight love with this place. It is so, so good. If I were to dream up a cafe I'd want to own, this may kind of be it. Flanked on one side with a wall of books, books whose spines were dusty and worn out, which faces a wall of art/decoration/decorative art?. Focal point settled by a piano smack in the middle of the room. The rest of the space is bare and spacious. You're not subjected to playing elbow flirt with your neighbor as you work on your appellate brief. There is just enough tasteful background jazzy music to lubricate your brain via aural channels. The coffee, or well, cappuccino similarly smooths your gears. After 10 (at least on Friday), a live jazz singing jawn is accompanied by a sax player and a pianist. This can distract you from work, but if you're honest with yourself and the world, you stopped working an hour ago when you turned on the free wifi (unless you like to cite Style.com in your briefs). Not sure what Milk and Roses the dual signifies or if the name is just arbitrarily taken to affect some kind of derivative of Milk and Honey, but I like it. And how dare I even suggest you're being derivative? And even if you were, I would not love you any less. This love is here to stay, b. You're the wind beneath my flappy wings. And there's a back garden? You know I'm going to get comfortable and hang out naked. That's how love goes, right?
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,2/19/2012,40,177,10,10,9>Bring the pain.  I confess.  I wantonly covet the sweet, searing blaze of hellishly spicy foods.  And, having tried the original, Prince's Hot Chicken in Nashville, I came in with sky-high expectations.  Which Peaches met and wildly, recklessly, exceeded.  I ordered my chicken "Hot."  And, let me tell you, that chicken was hot.  Not girl-next-door hot.  Not sexy librarian hot.  I'm talking full-on black leather bikini-clad stripper carrying a flame-thrower hot.  So hot it was almost kinky.  It bordered on depraved.All kidding (and stripteasing) aside, this is excellent fried chicken.  Served on the bone, with savory-sweet spicy, crispy skin and flavorful, juicy meat, it's everything you ever wanted in a plate of fried chicken.  For those who don't enjoy being scalded and forced to beg for mercy during a meal (you poor, poor, suckers), they also offer "Mild" fried chicken.  And, for the criminally insane, they offer "Extra Spicy."I have made a long, and largely fruitless search for good fried chicken in NYC.  Finally, my quest is at an end.  Peaches serves by far and away the best fried chicken in the city.  And the crazy part is, they serve something else, which almost rivals the chicken:  Pies.  Fresh-made fruit pies, to be exact.  I had the blueberry apple pie a la mode, which inspired a state of joy, inner peace, and reverence for the divine that I thought was reserved for the afterlife of saints.  I can only hope to make many more pilgrimages to this hallowed house of flesh-igniting deliciousness.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,2/18/2012,281,420,6,17,8>I freaking love Cocoro.  The reason I started coming here was because of the 20% off discount for first haircuts if you mention you found them on Yelp! Yay, go Cocoro.  But honestly, I've been to Jean twice and Anne once and they are both amazing.  I came in with super long locks and had Jean chop it off and she did a great job.  Next time I was in, I saw Anne, who gave me a lovely new semi-bob after the short do started to grow out.  Haircuts are only $60, too, which seems to be a deal in NYC.  I love Cocoro and won't be going anywhere else.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,2/17/2012,48,122,10,7,5>I'm new to the neighborhood. My roommate and I came to Brooklyn after a year and a half stint on a Caribbean island. And the food there was always very bland. So it took some convincing (and several beers) to get him to come here.  We opted for the curry goat and jerk chicken (unfortunately they were out of lamb - my all time favorite meat) and some rice and beans.The food was really intensely flavored. The chicken was moist and a slap to the mouth with its spice, but very well rounded as well. The goat was milder, but fall apart tender, with the flavor permeated entirely through. Even the rice and beans, which can often be bland alone, since you're supposed to use them to soak up the meat's flavors, was very good on its own. In addition to the food, the staff was amazing. Very gregarious and welcoming. They even didn't kick us out when my roommate decided to answer the phone for them.LOVE this place and cannot wait to return.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,2/15/2012,804,1655,8,17,17>I have a confession to make. I have a love for sugar. I can be very good about not eating fried foods, or not smoking, or not cursing. I usually have immense self control. But when it comes to sugar, it is my Kryptonite. I actually came here as a destination. Be forewarned, they only take cash. I was out of the Benjamins, Grants, Hamiltons, Lincolns and Washingtons. So, I actually had to make a detour and then come right back. Now that is an addiction. The place is well decorated, with a nice long communal table. Beautiful fresh flowers and chirpy happy staff. This place exuded sunshine and I like a lot of sunshine in my life. I am also indecisive to a fault and when it comes to pies, this can be very problematic. So instead of making a choice, I just had one of everything. The salted caramel apple, the lavender honey custard, the salty honey and the buttermilk chess. And althoughall the slices were good, the lavender honey and salty honey were my favorites. The salty honey had a custard like consistency and I like all things custard. I also really like anything lavender.I highly recommend bringing one of these pies to a social gathering. You will be the star of the show. I always like to wow my family and friends with exceptional baked goods. This place gives me a good reputation. When you bring one of the pies, it shows your well curated pie taste and also showcases the wonderful things that come out of Brooklyn. Brooklyn rules for so many reasons, and this is just another example of how this borough is really the mecca of the world.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,2/14/2012,674,592,6,17,14>"Natural Beauty" these days is hard to come by, especially with all the botox, lipo, hair extensions, and other fake procedures that are done to keep us looking younger.  This place was as natural as a bear naked in the forest.Ashley was a delight and a pleasure; I felt like my best friend took care of me as I underwent my European Facial and then my Body Wrap.Ashley: "Is it alright that we do the facial first then the body wrap?  You're not in a rush are you?  I enjoy giving facials!"Bubbly, knowledgeable, and comforting throughout my whole 2 1/2 hour visit; I closed the place since I was the last appointment of the night.Facial: Every step was explained and soft music that reminded me of Japan played in the background.  The room was spotless and cool enough to keep me comfortable.  I totally lovedddd the scrub that she used (I would use it for my T-zone type once a week) but I forgot to get more details about it afterward.  All products are available on site, and I wasn't pressured to get anything at all.Wrap: In my sleeping bag cocoon for 30 minutes, I sweat alot on the lowest possible setting with my seaweed coating all over my body.  Ashley checked on me frequently and I decided to keep the heat going so my skin would be baby bottom soft and smooth after.   Results: It's been over a week later and my skin is still gorgeous and lush!  My face feels much better now that I've had proper extractions, and my boyfriend says I glow :)  That's pretty awesome to me.  I'd come back!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,2/13/2012,424,459,12,11,11>Yes yes yes yes yes. Go. Go to Cariño. Just go. Eat and experience purely blissful Mexican food happiness. You don't even have to read the rest of this review. In fact you shouldn't! Go there, eat and then finish reading it because you're wasting your time and could be seconds closer to tantalizing your taste-buds.But, if you can stand to wait a few seconds read on...My friend Julie introduced me to Cariño this past Sunday. My thoughts on the dishes we ordered are as follows. In the order we ordered and ate them.- Guac: Da Bomb- Chicken tostadas with maduros: perfect combination of flavors and textures. Sweetness and savoriness. Flavorful bliss. - Corn: oo what is this? oo the cheese is salty. Humm I'm not sure how I feel about it. Oo spicy but not too spicy. Ooo sweet. Corn. ::chomp, chomp,chomp:: nom. yum.my last bites of maduros and tostadas ended the meal and my tastebuds and tummy were very content.As for the atmosphere. it's wide, open, features futbol on the TV and other Mexican style art and references. Service is fast and friendly and the bill was extremely affordable. Around $30 for two for dinner.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,2/12/2012,113,183,,8,6>What a great addition to Bed-Stuy! I happened upon Mac's Landing on one of my early morning runs and decided that the following week that I'd stop in. Much to my delight, this time they had tables with bright white umbrellas outside for outdoor dining AND after talking to the hostess/server saw they have seating in the backyard too.  (For some perspective Bed-Stuy residents, Mac's Landing is where Shakoor's Sweet Tooth used to be.)While I only grabbed a tea and croissant (hey, I'm in training!) I spoke to another diner whose plate was clean and he said he enjoyed the fare.  As a long-time resident (40 years!) he was happy to see another great cafe and restaurant in the neighborhood as well.  It's the nice little touches that matter to me:  like giving diners water with a generous sprig of mint inside, and actually putting the honey in my tea instead of me begging to.  Mac's Landing also has a Saturday and Sunday brunch and the hostess, as well as the cook, told me they'd be expanding that menu soon.  As far as the present food goes, they have a nice variety of salads, sandwiches and quiche (excuse a moi!), as well as light breakfast options and danishes.  I did recommend to them to add some non-salad vegetarian/vegan fare to the menu since Bed-Stuy and Crown Heights has a concentrated amount of us herbivores around. We'll see if that happens, since Peaches barely has one.All in all, Mac's is very comfortable, regardless of being a bit small. With seating outside and throughout though, it totally works -- and I'll be making it to back for brunch - and lunch - real soon.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,2/11/2012,598,616,19,70,30>Brooklyn Free Clinic is a shining example of everything American medicine needs to be (but isn't at all). I had an amazing experience here last night - from the friendliness of reception to the professionalism of the medical staff - and the only downside I saw was that this free community service is one that more people don't know about. Hopefully this review will help to change that (BFC wasn't even a Yelp entry until I added it! I learned about it on the Brokelyn website). So, yes, I am an overeducated, underemployed working class hero (hey, it's something to be). I moved to New York this summer in, as Johnny Cash and June Carter would say, a fever. While I'm looking for faculty positions (insert standard grumbling about the economy, etc etc), I am working as an editor whose employer does not offer health insurance. Oh, the American dream! I have been feeling pretty under the weather the entire month of January, but didn't go to the doctor because... well, I don't have one because I'm uninsured. Finally, my gross coughing and scratchy voice got to be too much. I looked up free clinics in Brooklyn. Enter the Brooklyn Free Clinic. I was slightly skeptical since the clinic was not on Yelp, and because when anything is "free" it is usually over-used. I imagined long lines, a dirty lobby, and being turned away after waiting in a dingy waiting room for hours with angry receptionists and sneezing children. NONE of this was true. Located in the heart of Bed-Stuy, the Free Clinic is run by the SUNY Downstate Medical Center - by med students and volunteers, and one (amazing) doctor on staff. I arrived promptly at 5:30pm - the clinic is ONLY open Tuesdays from 5:30-8:30pm right now. Their website says that walk-ins are welcome, but warns also that you may not be seen, as current patients sometime wait up to three months for appointments. When I arrived, the very pleasant reception staff told me that it may not be possible to see me tonight, but that if I didn't mind waiting, they would try to fit me in.About half an hour later, they had me filling out paperwork and I officially became a client. I'm not going to lie, the wait is long, and when you have a gross cough like I do, it can be slightly uncomfortable - but it is completely worth it. The lobby is utilitarian - it reminds me of, surprised, socialized medicine (I mean this in a positive way - I am all for socialized everything), and after the local and national news was over, one of the staff popped in a very informative (but also super cheesy, heh) video on STD testing (said video was made before the acronymic switch to "STI" - but was nonetheless effective in conveying its message) for the lobby to enjoy. Anyhow, when you're finally called, you check in with a social worker, a step that is a wonderful asset to a slightly rough neighborhood. She will tell you about all the services that the clinic offers (which include women's reproductive health, mental health, and STI testing), and ask you about yourself. The social worker who interviewed me was very pleasant and helpful. You then have to go back and wait a little while longer. Remember, these are volunteers and medical students, and all the services are free. It was a little before 8pm before I was seen. The 1st year and 3rd year medical students who did my preliminary check up were wonderful. We yucked it up about grad school and they teased me for not knowing exactly where my lungs are (hey, my doctorate is in the humanities!). The 3rd year med student was super helpful in talking to me about general health, as well as in giving a preliminary diagnosis. Dr. Kaiser Islam is the medical director of the clinic, and he sees each patient to confirm diagnoses and to write prescriptions if necessary. Turns out I have an inner ear infection, mild strep, and a mystery cough. But guess what?! The antibiotics that I needed to get - one prescription was free when filled at Rite Choice pharmacy across the street on Fulton, and the other was very inexpensive. If I hadn't found the Brooklyn Free Clinic, I would have let all of this go , and possibly had worse infections. Seriously? Seriously. I cannot speak highly enough of the Brooklyn Free Clinic. It incites me to anger to think of the state of health care in this country, and having had health insurance my whole life until now, I am honored and humbled to have had such a positive experience at the free clinic - particularly when I have had really shitty experiences at expensive specialist clinics in the past. ALL medicine should be like this. I believe if you can pay, then yes, please by all means contribute to your health care. But we all have rough times in our lives, and until we're on our feet, there is always the Brooklyn Free Clinic. Don't be afraid to humble yourself a little - remember, you can always give back when things are on the ups. BFC: Come on in, the water's nice down here.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,2/10/2012,49,108,22,9,10>When I first heard about this place, I was simply told that it was a restaurant sitting just on the outskirts of Chasidic Williamsburg serving almost nothing but non-kosher food.  Being a terrible, terrible Jew (if I even qualify as one at all at this point), I found this hilarious.  And so after having an incredible meal at Traif, I thought I'd keep its spirit alive by writing this review in the form of everyone's favorite Passover song, Dayenu.If Traif had given off a classy but laid-back ambiance,But had not offered extremely warm service from the hostess to the waitress to the busboy,Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Traif had offered extremely warm service,But had not offered a great recommendation for a white wine with a strong flavor (Mudhouse Sauvignon Blanc) to match the furious onslaught of taste that was to come,Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Traif had offered a great wine recommendation,But had not brought out complimentary cups of gazpacho (refreshing and absolutely delicious, great way to start the meal),Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Traif had brought out complimentary cups of gazpacho,But had not prepared the most tender pork belly I have ever eaten (and adorned it with melon and I think gorgonzola cheese and some kind of nuts, which all blended together to approach mouthgasm levels of deliciousness),Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Traif had prepared orgasm-inducing pork belly,But had not suggested the squash blossom (which was an outstanding blend of flavors and textures, the goat cheese inside was delicious and I loved the runny fried egg that topped it all),Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Traif had suggested the squash blossom,But had not brought out chicken n' biscuits (which I must admit were a bit heavy and filled us up fast, but were outstanding nonetheless.  The biscuits, of course, had bacon cooked into them, and were glorious),Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Traif had brought out the chicken n' biscuits,But Stephanie Q. had not allowed me to eat 3 of our 4 AMAZING strawberry-cinnamon glazed baby back ribs (just wow......if you come here, GET. THESE.)Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Stephanie Q. had allowed me to eat 3 of our 4 baby back ribs,But the bacon donuts with coffee ice cream had not been a superb mix of sweetness and the glorious saltiness that only bacon can truly provide,Dayenu, it would have been enough!If the bacon donuts had been a perfect mix of sweet and salty to end the meal,But Traif's prices had not been fantastic for the amount and quality of food we got,Dayenu, it would have been enough!If Traif's prices had been fantastic for the quality and quantity of food we got,But my meal had not been arguably the best I've had in recent memory,Dayenu, it would have been enough!L'shanah haba'ah b'Traif  -  next year in Traif!  (Who am I kidding....I'll be back within a month for sure)
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,9/20/2013,368,102,2,5,3>I can't speak for the previous reviews, but I feel this salon/spa is amazing! The owner of "H&L nail salon" decided to open up Shanghai Spa across the street for all your spa needs. She did a wonderful job! The salon is absolutely gorgeous, tranquil and relaxing. The decor is serene and Asian inspired and it always smells good! Anytime you go to get a manicure or pedicure they use disposable sets, so the same one is never used twice. You get complimentary essential oil or vitamin E oil applied to your hands and arms during your massage. Not to mention the girls do my manicure PERFECT every time! They are so sweet and speak very good English (I hope that doesnt come across wrong lol). They serve complimentary greent tea or water and have snacks on hand.Even though I have not had spa services done as of yet, they have a beautiful back area with the rooms for massages and wax services. They do everything from facials to microdermabrasion to mud wraps. Even couples massages! I love this place and even though it is a bit pricier, its completely worth it with all the extras they do.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/19/2013,66,132,8,9,7>I've been looking for a juice/smoothie shop to call my own for a while, and for some reason I've had a hard time finding the perfect place. Well, I think my search is over - Juice Press might just be it. Here's why:* The juices are cold pressed and the smoothies are truly, truly delicious. I usually get #3 or #29 and I always feel like I'm getting a treat. And I feel high on yummy nutrients for hours afterwards.* The add-ons! So many places don't even offer an Omega3 boost. JuicePress has EVERYTHING from E3 algae, camu camu and elderberry extract to vegan DHA oil.* Their lime-marinated kale salad with avocado and nori is the bomb diggity.* They're on Seamless! This means that when I'm sick and whiny in bed, craving delicious cold-busting goodness (Ginger Fireball... TRY IT), all I need to do is reach for my phone.Price-wise, I don't understand the complaints. Juicing is a labor-intensive, fairly costly process. And do consider that a lousy, sugary smoothie from Jamba is like... $5. You get what you pay for here. Sure, I wish an average order didn't set me back $20, but the juices are high quality, the smoothie flavors are innovative and you can add all kinds of delicious, healthy add-ons for a quarter or two. To each their own, of course, but I'd rather skip happy hour a few days a month and spend the $ here.And to everyone complaining about hipstery staff and snarky postcards... may I please remind you that you're at a goddamn Williamsburg juice bar.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/18/2013,618,1991,2,4,3>Most beautiful space I've ever seen, period. When you walk in it seems like a regular small cafe but it opens up to a very large dining area in back that's been transformed into a serene oasis full of waterfalls, gentle music, lots of sunlight, and impeccable styling. You're going to need a relaxing space like that because service here is seriously lacking. I came here for breakfast/brunch when Buttermilk Channel down the block had a 45+ minute wait. I was seriously enticed by the pumpkin waffles with fresh fruit ($9). The pancakes were dense and moist yet still fluffy. They really were excellent, my only criticism on the pancakes is that the pumpkin flavor was extremely subtle, almost non existent once you eat it with the fruit and maple syrup. The fruit would have been better to be in a little bowl on the side instead of on top of the pancakes, no one wants to eat honeydew melon and pin apple in the same bite as pumpkin pancakes and syrup.Like I said the service was nonexistent but the atmosphere, quality of food, and prices were really pleasant enough for me to eagerly come back and share the place with as many people as I can.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,9/17/2013,63,101,4,5,4>So after months of a friend urging  and raving about the pancakes, we finally grabbed brunch here last Saturday and I must say...those pancakes were everything. I prefer waffles over pancakes because of the difference in texture. Waffles are usually crispy and pancakes are usually undercooked and tastes doughy in the middle. However these pancakes were sent from heaven. Hint of sweetness, crispy on the outside and cooked just right on the inside and the mixed fruit on top (strawberries,bananas, and blueberries) were very fresh. I couldn't finish the two pancakes because they are huge and extremely filling. But had I known you could order just 1 I would have done that. So FYI you can order just one. Didn't try anything else. But I'll be back. Thanking my friend for suggesting.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,9/16/2013,175,329,4,9,5>Ammmmmazing burger. I mean, serious wow. This was on my to-try list for a couple years before I finally made it with my bf on a casual Friday night after strolling (and disc-golfing) through the park. The past few "best burger ever" places I've been to have not even come close to wow-ing me as promised by whomever, so I've become a little burger-cynical lately.  Sitting down at Lot 2 I didn't bother having any expectation other than to have a probably pretty good meal. Well. Now I'm a little disappointed that my friends who have been here didn't hype Lot 2's burger enough. I could have been eating it for years!? The burger is definitely one of the most delicious I've ever had. It tasted like it had been grilled in a butter bath, or maybe duck fat (like the potatoes), or crack, or something...so I had to ask our waiter what exactly made it so damn good. Pat la Frieda short rib (there ya go), a super hot cast iron pan and down-to-a-science cooking time, grapeseed oil...and as we personally witnessed, a hearty dose of love. We sat right next to the kitchen and had the chance to chat with (and thank and compliment) the very friendly chef a couple times: once after the waiter brought us a complimentary bacon jam toast app and the chef told us he figured we'd enjoy it because of the shirt my bf was wearing*, and again when I was swooning over the burger, of course.Everything else we ate was delicious too, including the housemade pickles (assorted pickled vegetables), my wine, the duck fat potatoes, and my bf's gigantic pork chop with (very) whiskey-soaked cherries. The entire menu sounded amazing and we were told the menu changes almost entirely every couple weeks or so. But the burger, like Desmond, is a constant. And it's the burger I'll be back for. I wish we lived around the corner; I'd take everyone I know here for that burger.*baconismagic.ca/wp-conte
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,9/15/2013,82,225,1,13,6>I'm a firm believer venues, restaurants, business, etc EARN 5 stars on yelp. And this place completely earns it. I've been here on the Carl Cox night and this past Saturday. Hands down, my favorite place as far as clubs go in NYC. And I've been to a butt load of clubs. Let me tell you why...1) it's not pretentious. Yeah I'll go with promoters for free entry and drinks at the "hottest" clubs in manhattan, but you will deal with the most obnoxious, entitled people ever. I would rather come here, PAY, dress in my boots and leggings, call it a day. No one cares- everyone goes there to DANCE! Who would have known that's what clubs are for?!2) it's not expensive. Carl Cox- uh! $30?? Went to Ibiza and paid like $100 for him (it came w booze cruise, entry to Space, etc. so that wasn't a bad deal). However seriously $30!! So inexpensive. Oh went last night $15! Cheaper than what they were selling online.3) staff is amazing. I'm sorry if your drunk bum can't know the difference between bad and good service. The staff here is awesome! And the doorman is not a d bag- 2 thumbs up!4) SOUND SYSTEM! Omg a decent sound system at a club in NYC?? Right there deserves 5 stars. It's not too too loud, or too quiet (obviously). But seriously though, perfect pitch and volume :)5) The layout is seriously perfect. Just enough room to dance. I end with this... NO PHOTOS! Thaaaank you! Again, if you want to dance and escape- this is the place..DANCE Monkey DANCE!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/14/2013,358,182,2,5,6>BANHMIGOS, you are my amigo indeed.  When I am hungry and in need, you make my tummy feel complete.Being the best tofu sandwich I have tasted yet, I'm not sure you can be beat.Although I appreciate your generosity, you could simmer on your pickleiness.You offer so much more than a tasty beautiful sandwich.Your summer rolls are soft and tender.Infused with juicy plumpy shrimps.And the best peanut sauce to seal the deal.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,9/13/2013,39,156,3,4,4>True to my word I came back and tried one of the more, I guess you could say exotic, noodle soups on Pho Vietnam's menu. I say this only because, some Vietnamese restaurants I've been to only have Pho, they don't have Bun Bo Hue or Bun Rieu, two other Vietnamese noodle soups. Pho Vietnam makes both and today I tried the Bun Rieu.Bun Rieu is a crab and tomato based noodle soup. At Pho Vietnam the bun rieu has tomato slices, cilantro, scallions, onions, some pork loaf slices, fried tofu, and crabmeat. The crabmeat itself is formed into a kind of crab cake but I have read at other places the crab meat mixture has more egg in it so it sort of floats around the soup like the egg in egg drop soup.Compared to pho I found the broth to overall be heartier in body but a little lighter in taste. The broth had a homey flavor with a light taste of seafood and tomato. I did find the soup to be pretty filling and somewhat heavier than pho. The crab "cakes" were delicious- you could taste the crabmeat and there was also a lot of other flavors in there to boot- really funky and interesting! If you're really hungry and craving pho give this a try, between the crab "cakes"/patties, the pork loaf slices and the fried tofu, and all those rice noodles, you will get filled up!Overall I really enjoyed the Bun Rieu. I can't tell you how it compares to a Vietnamese grandma's home cooking or if it's the best in the city but it's an interesting choice if you come here and I'd highly recommend it! I wish it was on more menus. For people who are not the most adventurous eaters, I promise you will like this!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,9/12/2013,217,257,3,9,8>With all of the rich Southern Cuisine, gourmet pastry shops and fast food restaurants in Bed-Stuy, Island Salad is a welcome addition. Their motto is, "Bringing Healthy Back!" They should insert "deliciousness" in there too. Here, the base salad greens are crisp, fresh and tasty. The flavorful toppings and zesty dressings  make eating a salad, a meal to look forward to. Salads are made to order and there are several wonderful ingredients to choose from. Here you'll find the standard bacon chips, cheeses and chopped veggies. Then there are superbly unique  add-ins that I guarantee you will NOT find at your average salad restaurant like  mango salsa, spicy shrimp, jerk tilapia and Champagne Vinaigrette dressing. The prices at Island Salad are also super low in comparison to the prices of salad bars further downtown Brooklyn.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,9/11/2013,650,165,2,7,4>Came to Williamsburg on a whim. Passing by this place and they were blasting "I Wanna Sex You Up" & I was sold on going in.  So I went in. $8 drinks? $1 pizza? Skeeball? Juke box? Yes!!!My drink was nice & strong & the bartenders were so friendly. I didn't try the pizza, but it smelled really good.  If I'm ever back in the neighborhood, I'd definitely go back!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,8/10/2013,25,124,1,7,3>I first stumbled across Vegetarian Ginger while looking for a place to eat in that first week of Sandymath: no access to subways, I wandered through Brooklyn Heights and gave it a closer inspection than I had previously. And then I found this place. $5.95 lunch special, and everything was vegetarian. I'm not one of those veggies that dislikes conventional restaurants (just look at what I've reviewed), but I do enjoy, on occasion, going to a place where I'm not limited in what I can order. Every single darn thing on that menu was fair game, and in the several times I've been back since, I've never been disappointed. Curry dishes, sweet and sour tofu, everything has been delicious. The portions are more than fair for the price (seriously, six bucks for soup, main entree and rice!), and the staff is very friendly.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/9/2013,25,31,5,6,6>I'm just trying to put some good karma out there by spreading the word about a place as pleasure-inducing as this, the Richol Bakery. I don't even care about french pastries, or I didn't until discovering this place. As I walk by Richol to and from the bus every weekday, I decided to throw a little money to this local business. I  rambled on to Albert, the pastry chef, about being a teacher in the trenches and that I was aimin' to reward myself for taking shit from 12 year-olds. At this, he suggested the cheese danish-an intimidatingly glorious looking pastry with glistening egg wash and slivered almonds adorning it's flakey shell.  I bid the baker "adieu", with danish hot in hand and waved. Strolling down Nostrand Ave, I bit into the treat and floated away on cloud. The subtle blend of buttery, flakey danish/croissant nearly inspired me into song! It was that instant, as a homeless dude cursed at a pigeon and the B44 thundered by, I fell in love with pastries. Thank you, Richol Bakery. To put more fire to my recent love affair, I have now made visiting the Richol Bakery my Friday reward. As I said, the cheese danish for $2.45 is the gateway drug. If you dare, try the almond roll/bread/croissant thing, chase that with a kiwi-strawberry-blueberry tart, and then wash it all down with a cup of their delicious coffee. You'll have a new addiction and have won some karma points supporting a struggling local business with amazing fare. I feel the love already. Do it!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,8/8/2013,115,442,3,3,3>Such a cute ice cream shop.On a insanely hot summer day, my boyfriend and I stumble across this ice cream place - it was the flashing neon signs of an ice cream cone that got our attention. It was small inside but they have a good amount of flavors to choose from. They also have different kinds of cones...lord, how can a girl choose?!Ended up with with a waffle cone and butter pecan ice cream. Gosh, it was amazing. Not too sweet but had that hint of butter richness and those pecan gave it a nice crunch. I'm in love.They also have wine infused ice cream by the pint. We were so tempted but they didn't have a cooler that would last about a 2 hour car ride. Next time, we're going to be prepared and bring a cooler because those exotic wine flavors are so calling my name!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,8/7/2013,52,121,8,4,4>I've come to realize that eyebrows are extremely important as they frame your face.  It took a few years of convincing, but I finally started to fill in my brows and get them done rather than attempting to "shape" them myself.  I had a funny shaped arch (thanks to pops) and I thought I had no choice but to live with it.  Oh was I wrong... went into Amazing Eyebrows when they opened up by the Graham stop and the first thing she said to me was, I'm going to fix that. Thanks....?Never have I regretted an experience here with either of the girls.  I don't get red at all so sometimes I'll get them on my way out and hop on the L afterwards.  I don't like the aloe gunk they use, but I am pretty minimal with gunk I put on my skin in the first place.  Now that I've been coming somewhat regularly, my brows have a much nicer shape and I wouldn't go anywhere else.  Plus for $6 and every 10th one free, you can't go wrong!  They always ask me if I want my lip done too.  It doesn't cost much more but I never felt I had to.  But perhaps they're trying to hint at something....Thanks...?
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,8/6/2013,124,227,2,5,5>I love that PLG has a new, hip coffee shop. There are a small smattering of other cafes, including Lincoln Park Tavern (which also does brunch on the weekend) in the immediate proximity, but in general the neighborhood has a dearth of places you'd want to sit and enjoy a coffee and a wealth of wig stores and jerk chicken shops. Tip of the Tongue serves a small amount of savory breakfast items, but is primarily a coffee shop with a select amount of pastries. The cafe itself is bright, clean and welcoming with a good amount of seating and tables for guests. They also have a bench outside, which no doubt is already endearing them to the older folks in the neighborhood, and a walk up coffee window (!). My only possible complaint is that the prices seem out of balance with the neighborhood. Tip of the Tongue offers a fairly limited menu of coffee items, and I'd venture to guess that most of them could compete with posh Manhattan cafes in the price department. I love visiting here for an iced coffee and chocolate croissant, but I just don't see paying around $4 for a 12oz latte in my future.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,8/5/2013,247,599,8,15,12>It has been a few years since the Whisk Cafe closed and today a new cafe officially opened to fill the void. And fill it, it has! After months of renovations, the place looks amazing. Natural vegetation, brick walls and a spotless restroom bigger than my apartment!Max, the owner, also owns and runs the highly regarded Qathra on Cortelyou Rd and certainly knows his stuff. He plans to have a different menu than Qathra but from my visit today, they offer the same very high quality coffee at a fair price ($2)!Because they just opened, the food selection was limited to some very fattening looking pastries - a good thing in my book. The staff was welcoming and there were already people sitting at the tables. Welcome to the neighborhood!UPDATE: Breakfast and lunch added to the menu...omelets, yogurt, flatbreads, sandwiches, paninis, salads...yum, yum, yum, yum and yum! As Chris W mentioned, the wifi is very quick and reliable. I do need to mentioned that I (and others I know) found the egg cream to be a bit disappointing but everything else has been excellent.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,8/4/2013,307,1212,5,8,6>BBQ enthusiasts of the borough of Brooklyn. If I could offer you just one tip for the future, make a reservation. The long-term benefits of making a reservation have been proved by my recent visit whereas the rest of this review has no basis more reliable than my personal dining experience. I will dispense this review now.If you show up at any reasonable time, there will be a line out the door. I'm sure this will get better as time goes on, but both weekend nights there were crowds of people on the sidewalk waiting to even make a reservation. Luckily, Dinosaur is on Open Table. Sure, my friends and I had to eat at 3:45, but hey, better early than never?As for the food, most of us went with the Tres Niños, which gives you a sample of pulled pork, ribs and BBQ brisket. I actually liked them most in that order. Both the pulled pork and ribs were incredibly tender (ribs fell off the bone, but the pulled pork was spiced better). Wasn't a big fan of the brisket. Definitely had better elsewhere in Brooklyn and it was rather bland. The combo was $16 with two sides and cornbread. I had the mac and cheese (which was good but was a little too rubbery), and the chilli, which was good.In terms of service, they need to work out some kinks - they need to have their servers carry around water pitchers instead of replacing empty water glasses with full water glasses. They also seemed to be a bit confused (we had three different waiters who were confused as to whether or not we were being attended to). Another waiter also spilled a glass of water on my friend. Oops!The bathroom has a cool hand-motion flushing urinal. Made me feel like Darth Vader. There was also already graffiti on the bathroom wall (this was 4 days after opening). Not sure if this is accepted, but seemed kind of crass.Anyway, Dino BBQ is a great addition to the neighborhood. I just feel bad for Fort Reno and Fletcher's. But hey, if you've been meaning to try those two out, I'm sure there won't be many lines for a month or two ;)
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,8/3/2013,109,129,1,6,3>I was steered to Eyes on the Slope by its many 5-star reviews and am adding mine to the pile! I'll echo what many have said I'm sure: friendly, efficient, professional staff. The eye exam was reasonable ($50 for glasses only) and thorough. I don't know why, but I've never been able to decline having my eyes dilated before and it was a revelation. I hate that! I immediately went into a consultation about replacing lenses on some of my 4 pairs of glasses and sunglasses with my new prescription. Two MAJOR bonus points I didn't expect: they worked with me on price to fit into my year-end Flexible Spending Budget AND they were able to swap lenses from a non-prescription pair of huge, funky sunglasses I had collected with prescription, polarized AND faded lenses. They fixed my regular glasses on the spot so I had them for work the next day, and finished my two pairs of sunglasses exactly on time from their prediction. Of course, they've told me over and over not to hesitate to come back in if anything needs adjusting but they've done everything right the first time!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,8/2/2013,26,120,3,5,4>Enjoyed another delicious and wholly fulfilling lunch here. A bit more detail on the food. I ordered the Chicken Schwalafel platter which came over seasoned yellow rice and accompanied by Israeli salad (cucumber, onions, tomato), red cabbage salad, pita and hummus, tahini sauce on the side, and a drink. All for $11. I thought the bits of chicken schwarma had a slight edge over the 2 falafel pieces with regards to flavor. The hummus and the tahini were fresh. Same with the whole wheat pita bread, which is nice and fluffy.You can't compare this place to a franchise or chain counter. I like the Israeli take on some of the classic dishes. Yes, it's small. Yes, you have to wait for your food. Just know that all food is made to order, plus they're happy to explain any aspect of the menu to you, and they seem grateful for your patronage. Way to go!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,8/1/2013,293,735,3,4,3>I've lived just around the corner from Culture since October, and go to the dog run across the street practically every day, and on dog walks past the shop multiple times a day, yet tonight was the first time I actually tried their froyo. One of the employees was washing a mat outside, and I asked if it would be possible for me to bring the puppy into the shop. He said no, but I could tell him what I want, and he'd bring it out for me!!!! I had a small original and strawberry rhubarb with mini chocolate chips, and it was divine. The texture of the froyo here is perfect. They even put toppings at the bottom, so you don't run out! In the fall, I'd see all the kids from the middle school across the street coming here for their after school treat, and now I finally get it. What a dangerous find! I will definitely be back again.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/2/2014,46,176,9,12,11>A great place!My big tip is don't try to serve yourself certain bulk items or cheese. This is a typical beginner's mistake here, and it doesn't go over very well. Other than that, it's practically the happiest place on earth, with colorful and flavorful foods from around the world presented simply but artfully. To me, the best part is the deli counter. Might I recommend the octopus salad?They also carry sweets and treats you don't see in other stores that make for inexpensive but distinctive gifts. When's the last time anyone gave you a box of Turkish Delight?
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,7/1/2014,96,97,4,8,6>I have a weakness for French Food.  The buttery decadence and richness of French Cuisine makes me incredibly happy.  So when my APIC called one late afternoon suggesting we do mussels for dinner, I was all in.  When we arrived to Chez Moi at 6pm, the little restaurant already had quite a few patrons.  It was a lovely early fall day, so we opted for a seat by the window so we could watch the Brooklyn Heights passersby.  The staff was attentive and our waiter took our drink and meal orders in record time.  We chatted over wine while our meals - two orders of mussels, one Mariniere and one Provencale - were being prepared and watched as neighbors to the restaurant stopped out front while their pets drank from the complimentary (and communal) water bowl place to the right of the restaurant's front door. Now, those of you who read me regularly know that I'm not one to get caught up in atmosphere.  Really, I can be completely satisfied dining in a hole in the wall if the food is good.  However, since APIC chose the spot, and she's all about atmosphere, I'll let you know that Chez Moi has a wonderful energy about it.  It is calm, and low key and the staff is very pleasant.  Fellas this is a nice spot for a first date.The wait for the food was routine, but the food was completely worth it.  My mussels in white wine sauce was prepared flawlessly.  It was so good, in fact, that once the mussels were done, I proceeded to sop up every last drop of the delicious sauce with bread from the bread basket!Once finished, our plates were promptly removed and dessert inquiries were made.  We passed because we were stuffed, but opted to hang around for a second glass of wine because we were thoroughly enjoying ourselves.  The mussels were priced right at about $16 and our total bill including drinks and tip was just shy of $30 a person.  Good food, neighborly owners, and decent prices...how can one not love that?
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/30/2014,25,124,6,15,6>What's not to love about a free pizza with every drink? The pizza has fairly generous amounts of sauce and cheese also, which isn't always the case at free-pizza-with-beer-purchase joints.Good selection of beers on tap and some cheap ones in bottles. Decor is kitschy and fun, although I could have done without Isaac Hanson's dead eyes staring at me from behind the top shelf of liquor. I appreciated the fantastic 90s picture of Michael Bolton, however, because I think with his resurgence people have forgotten about the fantastic head of hair he used to have. They could use some reminding.Also? Super friendly staff. And they've got a ski that has magnetic shot glasses on it. If the prospect of having a shotski doesn't entice you, then I can't help you. It should.Note: I did not have a shot from the shotski, it just looks cool. Maybe next time.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,6/29/2014,220,308,8,9,9>I stopped by on a Sunday afternoon because I happened to be walking down the block, HUNGRY from a day at the gym, needing to eat something quickly -- and figuring that since it was a Sunday afternoon, all the decent restaurants in the area would have lines out the door. Anyway, I had no idea that I was going to love this little deli and had no idea that so many Yelpers loved it.After I order my Burrito de Carnitas, I sat down to see whether the place even existed on Yelp so I could check in -- which is when I saw the five-star review from Peter D. and realized that I had lucked out!Really great Mexican fast-food from a little "deli" with a hole-in-the-wall ambiance. My burrito was quick and tasty and cheap. The carnitas were heavy and greasy, as they should be, while the veggies were crisp and fresh. The rice and beans were flavorful. I really wasn't expecting so much. What a gem!That said, it's a hole in the wall. I wouldn't bring a date here. But I might try to impress a date by coming back, picking up a tub of guacamole and serving it at home!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,6/28/2014,177,289,5,8,6>Sometimes, you're paying as much for the experience as you are for the food itself. You make a reservation - ok, you get yourself on the waitlist and call back every other day for two weeks - and peruse the menu and the Yelp reviews and giggle excitedly to yourself about how surprised* your boyfriend will be when you take him to Brooklyn's most notorious steakhouse for his birthday.The anticipation was worth it. Peter Luger's is an institution. That means that they only do a few things, but they do them very, very well, and they know it. That also means that the dining rooms are packed with a fascinating assortment of people: couples, big business groups, families. There were at least 5 "Happy Birthdays" while we were there, proving my theory that for a special occasion, there's nothing like steak. Isn't that everyone's theory, really?As many Yelpers have noted, this isn't a place where you decide to color outside the lines and order fish or pork chops. You order the steak (for 2, for 3, for 4, etc). It's a huge cut of meat - they pre-slice it for you - and it arrives sizzling on a giant plate. The waiter recommended that we get the creamed spinach and the potatoes, and seeing that this was our first Peter Luger experience, we did it all. The spinach was mad good - not your ordinary spinach, but delicate and creamy. When combined with the crusty hashed potatoes, the spinach offset the meatiness of the steak perfectly.The appetizers were fantastic - we ordered the tomatoes and the bacon. I was skeptical about ordering tomatoes in February - but they were thick and delicious, as was the bacon. "That bacon is basically a pork chop," was a comment uttered during our dinner, and it's true. The cheesecake (if you have room for it!) is delicious as well.Peter Luger's - definitely an institution, and when you can swing it, definitely worth a trip.-*Unless of course your boyfriend can read you like a book.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,6/27/2014,35,180,1,9,3>This is our preferred sushi location in Brooklyn, or all of NYC for that matter. The most important thing for you to know is that you must order the monkey roll. Everything is good, but it's all about the monkey roll. Monkey roll, monkey roll, monkey roll. (It's probably good luck to say it 3 times.)Otherwise, the ambience is lovely, the service is great, and the presentation of everything is wonderful. Oh, and try to avoid sitting right next to the door if it is crazy cold and windy. Enjoy!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/26/2014,57,187,5,10,8>When I moved out of Bushwick a few years ago, I was sad to be losing my beloved Roberta's. After a few years of Clinton HIll and the delicious meals I've enjoyed at SR, though, I've come to love my new local pizza joint.My favorite pizza is the first one I tried, the Kind Brother. I looooove mushrooms, and the bechamel sauce is a perfect complement to the flavors of mushroom and egg. If you're not into mushrooms or egg, then the white pizza  is a somewhat more "traditional" alternative. I'm also pretty nuts about their caesar salad. It's got big lettuce leaves and a mustardy-lemony dressing. It's big enough for two to share...or for one person who really likes salad.It can get busy during dinner time, but I've never actually had trouble getting a table -- although in a pinch you can sit at the bar and watch pizzas go in and out of the wood-burning oven. The service is generally great and I've never felt rushed or that I couldn't linger a bit over beers and dessert.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,6/25/2014,161,361,1,9,4>A really lively joint with some great southern cooking and drinks. We made reservations a few days before coming here, and thank god we did, the wait was an hour + for people without reservations. The place was very crowded when we got here but we got seated right on time for our reservations.The interior is very nice and modern, with a bar as soon as you enter and seating in the back.The service is a bit on the slow side, but we were in no rush so we did not mind.The food:Red Velvet chicken and waffles: chicken was perfectly crispy, and waffles were delicious, syrup was not neededShrimp lobster tortilla: good, but nothing specialShort Rib pizza: delicious, short rib was tender and moistShrimp and lobster grits: perfection, one of the best grits I have had, texture was great and flavorfulMac and cheese: perfection as well, very cheesy, velvety they had my favorite Gin drink, cucumber cooler so they have an A+ in the alcohol bookOverall great food, not cheap, but worth the priceDon't leave without having the chicken and waffles
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/24/2014,28,38,3,14,8>In a neighborhood that severely lacks high-end coffee, Coffee Lab is a very welcome addition, especially in the northern part of Bay Ridge that I seldom visit. The coffee bar is bright and airy, with cute beakers as decoration. The owners of Coffee Lab were incredibly friendly and introduced me to my new favorite iced drink - the cortado! It was perfectly rich without being overly sweet. The macarons were also fluffy and delicious. I took my drink to go, but I could see myself relaxing and reading a book for a while, enjoying the nice sunlight and decor of the establishment. I'm really happy to see places like Coffee Lab, Lockyard, Kathy's Dumplings, and Robicelli's sprouting up in Bay Ridge. They bring real quality without any hipster ego - the best type of establishment! I'll definitely be visiting again.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,6/23/2014,227,321,4,9,5>What fun! If you've never painted a day in your life, you can come to Painting Lounge and still produce a beauty!My aunt, my sisters and I ventured out to Williamsburg on a FREEZING Friday night (at the height of the polar vortex) for the Starry Night over Brooklyn Bridge class. Every stroke and detail is already planned out for you. All you really need to do is follow the instructor and you're guaranteed to come out of Painting Lounge with a decently good looking replica. They provide the stretched canvas, the acrylic paint, three heavily used brushes, a smock and the talent. All you need to do is bring yourself and copy. :)The three hour time frame given to you is definitely not enough to finish this particular elaborate painting but our instructor was very nice and let us stay a bit longer. Another thing to note is that at the time of our class, the BYOB part was suspended. I think the city is cracking down on these wine and painting classes. :(
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/14/2012,18,124,2,3,4>I'm in love with Luv Tea! Ok, maybe I'm more obsessed than in love. I make excuses to go to that part of town (umm, I just wanted to see the new bike shop on fulton. Umm, I think I dropped my mascara on Vanderbilt somewhere) just so I can stop by and pick up an iced chai, or a ginger tea (but really, I try something different every time). And that part of town is really anywhere within say 15 blocks of Luv Tea. Cause what's an extra mile on foot or on my bike just to swing by and taste something new? The tea is delicious, and the space is so cute and cozy. If you don't love the tea of Luv Tea, you can always have their coffee, Blue Bottle coffee is something to be obsessed with, too.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,8/13/2012,55,43,4,6,5>I abso-freakin-lutely love Cheryl's. Pancakes piled with fruit, eggs, chicken sausage, bacon= Yum Yum Yum!  Don't be fooled by how small inside is, cause guess what? There's a patio! And by the way the service is awesome. One time some peeps and I were sitting on the back patio (cause inside was so hot) waiting on our orders when the unthinkable happened-----it started pouring! Despite everyone rushing inside and the slight annoyance creeping into everyone's demeanor, the staff was really friendly. They made sure we were all seated comfortably, didn't confuse our orders, and managed to be attentive. My party requested to change our seats two times and they didn't bitch about it once! They turned what could have been a nightmare of a situation into a pleasant experience. I'll definitely be going back.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,8/12/2012,320,397,11,6,5>The offerings here are some of the most sizzling, delectable and savory that Williamsburg has to offer. But enough about the ladies.Must haves:Porchetta - Just do it. Seriously. Even if you're vegetarian take a bite. The swine god will forgive you and your soul will glow with crunchy goodness.Mozz Shop - Fried Mozzarella balls. They're like cheese sticks but 1) They're fresh and 2) they don't taste like a previously-frozen turd of starchy disappointment.Dough - By the time you get to Dough your stomach will be pleading mercy but carry on brave soldier and chew that blood orange pillowy goodness till you pass out from saturated shock.Meat Hook - In addition to a killer hot dog they have a roasted pig head and you can buy it and walk around with it or eat it but the former would be preferable. I am going to make this happen at some point.Yes there are better [whatever food item] in other places in NYC but they're not all in the same market and they're not all outside near the waterfront where you can come with your whole crew and chill for as long as you want and scarf down an immense array of fattening goodness while watching cute chicks eat heaps of savory meat. It gets hot as a mutha so bring some shade if you can or grab your loot and go hang in the shade of one of the nearby buildings.It also goes without saying to bring cash.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,8/11/2012,476,542,24,42,34>Crown Heights is experiencing a bit of a food renaissance lately[1], and Bar Corvo states its loyalty in its name, Corvo (Italian for "crow"): a homage to Crow Hill, the historical name of the neighborhood.Owned by Emiliano Coppa and Anna Klinger, the Venetian-American couple that also opened Al di Là in Park Slope, Bar Corvo is a fantastic restaurant that serves Italian food that is as deceptively simple as it is delicious.Bar Corvo has a sleek, polished feel, with studied attention to details: from the nicely curving bar, to the light bulb-themed wallpaper, to the post-industrial, atom-inspired lamps at the back, to the old signage, this is a carefully crafted concept. The best seats in the house are on the stools by the bar, overlooking the open kitchen; but the wooden tables feel cozy, and the outdoor patio simple, quieter, and spacious.The menu exemplifies how an inventive chef can do a lot with little, using assertive ingredients to give each dish depth, layering, and personality. Even the most ordinary-sounding dishes here come out with surprising twists. Take the cauliflower ($8), for example: served as a thick, meaty slab wonderfully seared on the plancha at the edges, covered in a capers and anchovy salsa verde, it may well be the best cauliflower I've ever eaten. Or the calamari "salad" ($10): tender and chewy, served with toasted almonds and an orange confit that adds color as much as a zesty kick.My favorite dish is the chitarra neri ($16). I love spaghetti alla chitarra: a rough, square cut of a wonderful consistency that is unfortunately hard to find[2]. These ones are home-made with squid ink in the pasta itself, and served with tender octopus in a confit of tomato and spicy red pepper, with lemon and fresh mint providing a surprising, tasty, and colorful twist.The ricotta cavatelli ($16) are equally good, with the consistency of the wild mushrooms pairing perfectly with that of the homemade pasta, and the ramps, lemon, and goat cheese providing contrast and extra depth.The thick, pink and wonderfully marbled grilled pork chop ($18) comes in a sherry-vinegar marinade and freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano (and horseradish, too?) on top, the aromatic juices happily blending with the braised kale and creamy polenta at the bottom.My only gripe is that all these wonderful dishes come without any bread: disappointingly, no bread basket is offered[3], and you'll have to order it as a side of focaccia for $3.Portions are generous, but save room for dessert ($6). The smooth, firm panna cotta is topped with a layer of savory-sweet blood orange caramel in the winter, and strawberry rhubarb compote in the summer. The chocolate bread pudding is served with cherries marinated in red wine, and whipped crème fraîche.Come early: the kitchen closes at 11pm, and they may turn away customers as early as by 8:30 on a busy day.-------------------------------------------[1] Barboncino on Franklin Ave. is the other most noticeable, recent example: yelp.com/biz/barboncino-[2] Another wonderful spaghetti alla chitarra dish, with sea urchin, is served at Marea: yelp.com/biz/marea-new-y[3] A mortal sin, really.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,8/10/2012,235,330,4,5,4>Review #300!I freakin love Woodwork and their signature picklebacks. I've been so many times that I find it hard to believe I've never reviewed it... so here we go.The beers are great. The bartenders are great. The cheesy bread is great. The fact that they now have some control over the temp is great. The TVs are great, and certain extra-great bartenders will take care to mute them & put music on during commercials. The seating is great. The other people there are great. It's all around great.For serious though, there's really nowhere I'd rather hang out in my neighborhood. It's fun & crowded on a Friday, quiet & welcoming on a Tuesday when you maybe happen to go to the bar by yourself because you feel like it. The food is solid, if noticeably lacking in veggies. My bf just ordered the nutella bacon waffles for the first time and omg we almost died of happiness. Just don't even go there. You don't want to know how good they are. Such a good cozy place in the winter. Did I mention the buckets of beers? You can get a bucket of beers! What's more summery than that? Woodwork, the bar for all seasons. Woodwork is the ultimate Brooklyn neighborhood bar...
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,8/9/2012,177,109,14,9,8>Even God couldn't make food this good.Pies 'N' Thighs is:-my comfort food-my hangover meal-my "cheat day" indulgence-my breakup blues cure-my carb craving remedy-my go-to place when no one can agree on where to eat-my one restaurant that I will gladly wait 90 minutes for delivery-my "I starved myself all day so I could eat my entire daily allowance of calories in one sitting" dinnerThis is more than just food, this is medicinal.P.S. TRY THE HONEY BUTTER (thank me later).
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,8/8/2012,521,449,13,12,16>Char No. 4 is pretty much the classiest fat dude I know. Picture the consummate Southern gentleman - one that dons an expensive seersucker suit, possesses an unmatched bourbon collection, and sports the physique of John Goodman. Robust yet refined, commanding yet cultured, this Brooklyn gem is where straight decadence is met with true elegance.Take the Crispy Cheddar Curds, for instance. These are essentially deep fried oblongs of cholesterol. But the fact that they are literally bursting with bold cheddar flavor and served with a spicy pimento sidekick sauce upgrades this from guilty pleasure bar snack to guilty pleasure gourmet offering. And as much as you (read: me) would want a popcorn bucket full of these things, the modestly appropriate portion provides even the most indulgent individuals (read: me again) with some restraint, so as to 1) allow more of the menu to be sampled and 2) not have you (read: me times three) resemble a dog trying to wolf down whole foods all at once.Moving on. Char No. 4's take on appetizer bacon is also unique. It's house-smoked, thick-cut, and rested on a bed of this harmonious coleslaw concoction of braised cabbage and apple cider-buttermilk dressing. I was expecting the standard steakhouse slab of fatty pork, but what Char No. 4 gave me was somehow sexier. And bacon in its most basic form is sexy enough. Even vegetarians can be tempted by its Siren-like allure.Then there was the special starter that night - a block of venison terrine, smoked squab, and foie gras served with thinly sliced apples and sourdough bread. Why this is not a menu regular is criminal. Eating this made me feel both (falsely) fancy and (gleefully) barbaric, seeing as I was essentially devouring three luxurious animals' parts in any given mouthful. Exactly.And for my final high-caloric intake trick of the night, there was the Grilled Hanger Steak, cuts so tender, it nearly could've been filet mignon. But at the very non-filet cost of $24. Not to mention, it comes with delicious cubes of crispy rosemary-garlic potatoes and the restaurant's signature steak sauce, a barbecue blend of medium consistency and maximum enhancement.With over 150 American whiskeys available at Char No. 4, I certainly took advantage of the boozy offerings, specifically from the all-bourbon cocktail selection set. I went from A Bourbon Ting (Jack Daniel's, Ting Jamaican grapefruit soda, jerk bitters) to a Bourbon Bonnet (with fresh pineapple juice, habanero, cherry, brown sugar), then shut it all down with a Noreaster (yes, more bourbon, this time with ginger beer, lime, and maple syrup). All three were supremely well-crafted cocktails, one as fantastic as the next, as they each spotlighted bourbon's versatility for taking on all flavor notes. Sweet, salty, fruity, bitter, spicy, mild - take your pick.Now, since you've probably already called for reservations for your next date night here, allow me to set the mood for you a bit. After opening Char No. 4's front door, you will immediately be hit with the wonderful, literally intoxicating smell of bourbon. If this came in cologne form, I would bottle it, wear it every day, and probably get called into HR regularly to talk about my "problem". Pair this aroma with the clean, trendy, gorgeous, wood-orange decor, and you might as well be diving into a whiskey barrel itself. You will ask yourself if this is heaven. No, it's still Brooklyn, but that's close enough.Char No. 4 isn't just comfort food and drink done well. It's comfort food and drink done exquisitely well.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,8/7/2012,109,832,6,9,9>Dog run.  Skate park.  5 full court basketball areas.  8 handball courts.  A soccer/ baseball/ picnic field.  Newly built playground.  Beautifully maintained space by the Old Stone House (supposedly the oldest building in Brooklyn) peeps.You can be mesmerized just sitting here.I ran into a friend on the way home as she was playing handball with a lot of awesome guys and gals.  I sat for a while on the sidelines.  Great plays.  Some taken seriously.  Fun.  Balls whizzing by.  My bones literally ache just watching and yearning to be a part of the action.And if that doesn't move you, perhaps your child playing in the water would.  The cool breeze on a Summer day.  The beautiful gardens.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,8/5/2012,110,253,4,6,8>This place is a MUST.Have never been disappointed. AMAZING tequila selection too.I want to sleep on their big 14 person table and awake every few hours to being served their amazing eats into my mouth and having anejo tequilas poured from the bottle and an occasional watermelon margarita then have a pecs ado torts then their salsas then their pomegranate stuffed relleno then their braised beef taco then the whole menu again.Love this place.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/4/2012,33,43,,7,5>Ice Cream move over, there is a new king in town.Although I'm tempted to dive right in to the delicious product and stellar service, let's start at the decor because appearance is key. From the awesome LED sign, to the sparkling floor, colorful banquets, and white lacquer walls, ICrave clearly sets itself apart from all other frozen yogurt chains. Additionally, I'd like to add that there seems to always be a staff member mopping, or wiping down the place to keep it  perfectly clean. This is one of the only Brooklyn bathrooms I actually felt comfortable using, which I certainly can't say other yogurt shops.With 14 individual flavors and swirls that make new flavors, ICrave yogurt offers an exciting array of 21 mouth watering flavors to choose from. I highly recommend the Chocolate peanut butter cup flavor (a mix of peanut butter and chocolate- both awesome on their own as well). Another flavor that left a memorable impression was the Dulce de leche- heavenly!Offering nondairy and no sugar added options as well, this place will satisfy even the pickiest customer (me).Last but not least (it's the most!), the toppings are literally TOP. From fresh fruit to every candy, chocolate and nut you can imagine, this place has got it all. And have no fear about mixing (allergies are safe here), each topping is stored in an individual container with a lid on top at all times to keep things fresh, clean and separate.ICrave is a true gem in Brooklyn, and the lovely cashier told me many more locations are opening soon in NYC and beyond. I can't wait!-Happy froyo girl
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/3/2014,210,93,5,7,6>I love this place. Seriously. It reminds me of the kind of market you would find dotted all over the city in an era before target and walmart were even a twinkle in the mind of evil bastards who brought them into existence. Everything this store offers feels like it must be hand picked by the owners to be fresh and delicious, as everything they sell is wonderful. The cheese counter is full of an amazing selection from all over the world, and the meats are to die for. The fresh bread is a treat, better than most bakeries can offer up. Come here for the food and ambiance, this is how a grocery shop should be.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/2/2014,618,1991,5,8,6>I came here for breakfast on Saturday (if it's 10:30am and I'm not getting alcohol it is not brunch in my book, I don't care what the menu says). I ordered the pancakes with blueberry sauce and maple butter ($12). Hefty price tag for pancakes but I heard so much about them here I had to give them a try. Turns out it's well worth the price. They were the most moist and fluffy pancakes while not being too bready/cakey and had a great flavor to them. I could have used more blueberry sauce/blueberries but overall it was very well balanced and I barely had to touch the syrup on the table, not that the shot glass worth of syrup would have gotten me very far. I ordered a side of bacon ($6) and specified I wanted it crispy. The waiter failed to let me know that the bacon is cut into pieces approximately the size of a piece of a KitKat bar and unlike the candy bar, you only get 3 pieces. As this is thick stuff, crispy isn't in the equation. I found it to be fairly fatty, greasy, and lacking in the smoke department. I'd rather skip the fancy pants bacon for a good old plate of crispy and smokey traditional bacon. My girlfriend got the  Biscuits Benedict Smoked Ham, Poached Eggs & Sausage Gravy. This was perfect and we (yes I finished her plate when she couldn't) loved it. At $14 it's on the higher end of what breakfast should be going for but at least they delivered on a great plate of food. She was also very happy with the champagne to oj ratio as well as quality of her mimosa ($7), and how quickly they refilled her coffee and our waters. I do have to say the restaurant has a great design to it and the service is attentive and friendly.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/1/2014,619,418,9,15,10>What a little gem! I was blown away by this place and will definitely be returning. Not only was everything we ordered amazing, but I had food envy the entire visit as various dishes were being brought to neighboring tables.I ordered the burger, which was amazing--the rémoulade sauce and butter lettuce really made it! Soooooo mouthwatering. Tony had the pancakes, which I tried, and they were luscious as well. As for other dishes, a friend who was dining with us had the chicken and waffles and said they were tasty... and folks sitting by us were raving over the chicken and biscuits and deviled eggs.As you can probably guess, our visit to Elberta was for brunch. During brunch, they also have some All You Can Drink (bottomless) deals, but we had partied the night before and didn't feel like being zombies the rest of the day. =) Every other table, however, had the bottomless mimosas going on... or bottomless special Bellinis with whiskey! YES, you heard right! I will definitely be returning to try those!!!!!As for atmosphere, the place is modern looking and tidy, but it's super small. It was raining and nasty outside, so we didn't have to wait the day we went... but I imagine that most days there is a wait. Also, note that if you eat near the kitchen, it can be a little hot. Service at Elberta was right on... and equally amazing as the food! ...plus everyone in our party agreed that the chef was cute.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,2/28/2014,197,143,4,8,4>We sort of just stumbled upon this place by accident the other day, but I'm so glad we did! It was Superbowl Sunday and we thought it would be smart to try a restaurant we'd normally have a long wait for, so our first thought was Battersby. Not surprisingly, it was closed. We wandered a little further and came across Dover, which ironically is Battersby's sister restaurant and normally does have a long wait. Score! We sauntered right in to the near empty restaurant and got incredibly attentive service (but I imagine a place like this always strives for good service). I love the delicious amuse bouches they gave us throughout the meal - warm cheese puffs, creamy root vegetable soup, and a little alfajor cookie at the end. The homemade breadstick they gave us to start was so incredibly delicious - it was perfectly crisp and buttery on the outside and soft and airy on the inside. The presentation was grand, served with some creamy ricotta butter and crispy papadum.For the appetizer, we started with the pork belly, which was nice and tender. I loved the roasted fruit and vegetables it was served with - pears, sweet potatoes, cabbage, potatoes and shaved watermelon radish on top. It was drizzled lightly with a savory sweet glaze that tied the dish together. For the mains, we ordered the foie gras ravioli and grilled octopus, which was a special that night. The grilled octopus was delicious, with the legs cut into little medallions and strewn about the plate with big white beans, chorizo, roasted piquillo peppers, all sitting in a thick brothy sauce. But I thought the star of the meal was the foie gras ravioli. The dish had chunks of roasted celery root and three perfect little ravioli envelopes filled with delicious foie gras, all topped with a creamy black truffle sauce. The parsley sprigs and crunchy raw celery root pieces on top added the perfect mix of textures. Divine. I tried not to scarf this down too fast so I could savor it.For dessert we ordered the baked Alaska. The meringue was crisped on the outside but still soft on the inside, and filled with a layer of green apple sorbet and another of crème fraiche ice cream. The crème fraiche ice cream was perfect with the toasty meringue but the sorbet actually took away from the dish in my opinion. Loved the little pieces of poached pear this dish was served with though. Yes, it was pretty pricey but I don't actually think it should be four dollar signs on Yelp. There are definitely more expensive places out there.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,2/27/2014,80,552,2,9,4>AHome's owners are serious about pleasing their customers! I'm happy to report that the veggie spring rolls and dumplings are totally upgraded and delicious. In the spring rolls there's cabbage, mushrooms, carrots and scallions (and possibly more) and in the dumplings there's tofu, soy protein (it's like chicken), carrots, peas, scallions, spinach and corn (and possibly even more). All veggies, no noodles (see my pics). Also, now there's a "Today's Specials" board. I tried Baby Baichoy with Black Mushrooms from the specials... so fresh and nicely prepared. There's a lot on the menu and specials to please a vegan. AHome is a definite keeper.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/26/2014,368,102,6,9,8>I could literally eat here everyday and never get tired of it. Actually, I think I did eat here for a week straight. Cheap delicious dumplings and other good eats come from this tiny little place in Brooklyns Chinatown. The dumplings they serve are crispy and packed with meat. The mini pork buns are the best. Every single time I bite into one of them they burst and juice sprays out! To me, that's love lol.They also make a delicious fried rice, and their soup dumplings aren't bad either. They also offer other larger dishes, buy I say keep it simple and come for the variety of dumplings they offer. It's impossible to go wrong with any order. The man at the counter, which I believe is the owner is super friendly and informative.  I recommend to anyone and everyone to come and try these bad boys.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/25/2014,74,194,6,10,7>Oh hell yes. Not only did I have one of the best burgers I've ever eaten IN MY LIFE, the chef and server were so nice that we were basically friends at the end of the meal.When my friend suggested this spot, I almost protested because it is three things that I don't love: it's in Williamsburg (so hard to get to from Crown Heights), it's cash-only, and it's BYOB. I am so glad I did not protest. What a gem! What a treat! I had the truffle burger, which was just the most perfectly medium-cooked patty, topped with sauteed portobello slices and drizzled in truffle oil. I almost have truffle fatigue at this point, but the craftsmanship of this burger made this flavor combination seem as fresh as the first time I tried it. Tom the cook and Raphael the server are great people. Raphael was super friendly and was joking around with us within a few minutes, and Tom came out from the kitchen to chat about the restaurant business and the changing neighborhood. We had the best time. Krystal, I'll never doubt you again. You pick all the places we go from now on.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,2/24/2014,103,339,2,11,4>I like this place. I stopped in for a drink before heading to BAM for a movie.  My boyfriend and I ordered some beers and a giant, warm pretzel to share. The little we had was right on, though I am curious about sampling their other eats. The atmosphere is large and airy. Most of the tables of communal. On a Saturday night, it was crowded but we were able to score two seats at the second "bar" table.  The crowd was diverse and a mix of couples and grounds enjoying a night out. I will be back!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,2/23/2014,82,138,6,9,7>Sekt is perhaps the first true date spot in the neighborhood. They have fancy chandeliers, plenty of sparkling beverages, and plates small enough to leave a little room for romance, if you don't order too many.  This restaurant is the younger sister of Korzo, which I also like but only visit occasionally because I've been known to OD on their veggie burger and interesting fries with beet ketchup. At Sekt, they've taken the same Central European fusion fare and translated it to fit the wine bar concept.I wanted to try some sekt, so I ordered a rose variety available by the glass, but it was a little sweeter than I prefer. There are plenty of other options on the wine list, however.Foodwise, we went a little overboard. I ordered the three cheese quinoa tart and the harvest pancake, and it was more than enough for a meal. The quinoa tart is the star of the menu in my opinion, and the hubs kept stealing bites. It's full of cheesy, stick-to-your-ribs goodness, but the quinoa, mushrooms, and spinach make you feel less guilty about it.  The harvest pancake (really 3 latkes) was good, but it paled in comparison to the quinoa. The hubs had a cheese plate with Camembert and pickled vegetables to start. It was incredibly delicious- but beware the pickled garlic and onions! They will still be hanging out with you the next day.  If you decide to order it on a date, make sure you both eat it.  He also tried the spaetzle with sauerkraut, which was, interestingly, seasoned with juniper berries.  In short, Sekt has good food at prices and portions that make it easy to imagine becoming a regular.  I'd definitely recommend it.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,2/22/2014,845,309,8,16,14>Just one review? Is this a joke?Human relations has the best selection of used books filling every nook and cranny. But - You should first start outside with the 1 dollar book cart then make your way inside to an even larger range of books. The books are categorized so well that I reckon a donkey could find that old copy of bukowski he was looking for in mere 3 seconds. Because donkeys can read...It's a very unassuming shop with helpful staff and a very organized set up to navigate. The most impressive part was how great a range they have. Cookbooks, poetry, even a "NYC" section of books.Definitely going to be adding this place to my Sunday ritual, did I mention I left here with 3 great books for only 14 bucks this Sunday?
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/22/2014,24,112,4,7,6>Came back to Hunters to give them a second shot, and boy am I glad I did! They really wowed me with...a) great food b) super service c) cool, inventive drinks. What more could anyone want?!As always the staff is awesome. Shout out to Zach, the talented and super cool bartender. He whipped us up a couple of handsome hounds which were incredible. Think corn and rye whiskey, orange bitters, sweet vermouth and a brandied cherry which just explodes in your mouth. Food- got the burger medium rare which came out perfectly. Sheer genius. I love a good burger- the soft, buttery brioche roll, the meat that drips juice down your chin, the pizazz brought to you by the incredible pickled onions. Oh and the cilantro jalapeño aioli - I know something is good when I don't even like the main ingredient (cilantro) and yet I love it in a dish that its in. Basically, I love a burger that's so good that I don't even need to put ketchup on it.My recommendation- come to Hunters. You will have a tasty and enjoyable experience:)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,6/21/2014,68,213,7,6,5>A prominent Yelper wrote that Traif was his favorite restaurant.  At the time, he reviewed 700 or 800 restaurants.  I wouldn't go as far to say this is my favorite restaurant, but it comes close.  And if I wanted to impress friends with the NYC culinary scene, it's hard to do better than Traif.Ambiance is dark, muted, and intimate.  The tables are not bumped up next to each other (a pet-peeve of mine) so you're not engaged in your neighbor's conversation.  Very date appropriate.  Another prominent Yelper said there was a TV (another pet peeve of mine).  Either it was missing or wasn't on, since I didn't notice it.The 2nd Yelper went on to say that while the food is delicious, it lacks subtlety, balance, and complexity.  I agree with this sentiment. Yes, the food is prepared with a dwarven mace rather than an elven bow.   Yes, the flavors are bold and apologetic.  Like a jpeg image where the color saturation is set to full to produce an almost cartoonish effect.  But it's a restaurant whose foundations are built on pork and shellfish.  You're not exactly coming here for subtlety.Service was perfect.  Our waitress was a bit flirty in a friendly way and very interactive.  Helpful in food selection.  Attentive despite the place being packed.Food style is tapas.  The dishes are small and easily shareable.  I think it works best if you're 3 or 4 people.  More than 4 and some of the dishes will have to be cut a bit too small.  Less than 3 and it becomes less of a tapas sized serving.  I went with my cuñado and my wife.  We ordered 8 dishes.  I entered a food coma at dish 6 and couldn't eat the last two dishes.  The best strategy is to order 2 dishes per person and then order as you go from there.Hampshire Pork Belly: AThe perfect pork belly.  Presented beautifully which belies the fact that you're eating delicious fatty pork fatmeatfat.  If you like greasy fatty pork belly, this is it, but served as a gourmet looking dish.  Served with a salsa of tomato, leek, sugar snaps, asiago, cheddar, and bacon.  Yes, Virginia.  There's bacon crumbled onto the pork belly.  It's the 8th wonder of the world and the bane of the pig world.Strawberry Cinnamon Baby Back Ribs: AThe glaze was a hair sweeter than I like, but the meat was soft enough to be cut easily with a fork and expertly cooked.  The meat has a great sear due to the caramelized strawberry sugars.Short-Rib Sliders: AThese are great pulled pork sliders.  My brother-in-law is Cuban/Honduran, and said that this was better than any Cuban pulled pork we could think of.  The bread was as soft as an angel's butt.  Comes with sweet potato fries (perhaps fried in bacon fat?) and a smoked paprika aioli (like a chipotle).  PROTIP: You're supposed to use the aioli with the fries, but it goes FANTASTICALLY on the sliders as well!!!Pork Cheeks: ASoft and fatty.  Served on a bed of grain I couldn't identify, a starchy vegetable I couldn't identify, and dolops of green lentil soup.Bacon Fat Focaccia: BThe only thing on the menu I didn't love.  Matteo R. said the food was cooked without subtlety or balance.  I agree somewhat, and this is what happens when you do that.  This dish would be great in another context, but next to such larger than life dishes of pure sweet pork indulgence, it seemed very plain.  PROTIP: Skip this one.  It's great, but you have so many other things to try!Broccoli Rabe: A-Cooked in bacon grease.  The chef was able to cook it to the point of being very soft but still very broccoli rabe flavored.Spring Cassoulet: BGood, but not on par with the other dishes.  Sausages were a bit plain.  Good polenta, though.Dayboat Scallops: A+Served on a bed of snap & english pea risotto and topped with a lemon-caper brown butter and a tomato chive salsa.  As an ex-physicist researcher, I'm intelligent enough to (mostly) stay away from works like "the most" or "the least" or "the best/worst", but I will make an exception here.  This was the best scallop dish I've ever had anywhere.  It was the most expertly cooked, most expertly presented scallops.  Anywhere.  This blows away any seafood restaurant I've been to in NY, SF, DC, or Tokyo.Braided Bread: AServed gratis.  A delicious braided bread, soft and warm, served with a ricotta spread and a bacon/bacon bit marmalade.  PROTIP: This is nice to start your meal with.Keylime Pie: AI didn't care for the pineapple marmalade, but the dollop of cream was a beautiful addition.  The pie itself was perfect as was the graham crust.Bacon Doughnuts: ASweet bacon glaze with bacon crumbles on a perfect doughnut.  PROTIP: You'll be sorry if you don't get this.Coffee: ANo espresso, but the coffee is marvelous.  It's oddly difficult finding good coffee at NYC restaurants.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/20/2014,143,594,3,5,7>If you're a vegetarian who doesn't want to be near meat, then this is your spot.Cozy and cute, The Pickle Shack is a great place for high-quality grub and brews. I came because of the Dogfish Head beers, normally I prefer my meals with more protein. But the bahn mi was a-maz-ing and I wouldn't say no to the salads, either.Also they have Dogfish Head's 120-minute IPA -- they just don't list it on the board, you have to ask.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/19/2014,815,362,2,7,8>please always start your meal at ganso with the chicken wings. the short rib buns are good here too, although not something i have opted for again after the first time trying them. after you have some wings with the secret sauce, have your bowl of ramen - pick your fancy. i prefer the spicy miso - it's the perfect amount spicy with pork belly, some charred greens and a semi-runny egg. my favorite component to a bowl of ramen. the classic is a good intro to ramen, or if you aren't feeling like any bells and whistles. the stamina (which has chicken, chili and shrimp paste) wasn't my favorite although i was totally sold on the ingredients - everything i should love, but just didn't when it all came together. ramen feeds my soul on cold winter days and i found myself at Ganso numerous times throughout January and February sitting behind a steaming bowl of ramen perfection. I am totally team Ganso - Chukko and Dassara can take the backseat...
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,6/18/2014,144,314,9,10,5>I love me some sweets.  I was all the way excited when bff took me to DocD's for cakes.  I kid you not, I mentioned that I was in the mood for german chocolate cake and my dream came true. Thank you baby Jesus!  I ordered german chocolate cake and banana pudding.  My friend asks, "are you getting anything for your husband"?  Lol, oops I'm saying!!  I got him a slice of lemon cake.As we got in the car and drove away, I decided to peck at the chocolate cake.  I took one piece and promptly put it away......I needed to have private time and be one with that slice of deliciousness.  The banana pudding was good too!  It wasn't too sweet and the pudding was soooo creamy.  Hunny said the lemon cake was awesome too, soft and not too sweet.  Will be going back for more sweet treats.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,6/17/2014,90,533,2,8,5>Bed Stuy Beer Works is a beer lover's paradise -- they have a wide selection of beers and ciders from all over the world, including my beloved Strongbow cider and Lindemans lambic (though not in the cassis flavour).The staff are very friendly and the prices are super competitive. Bonus: this place is literally a couple of blocks away from the apartment, so we know where to go next time we want something that can't be found at the local bodegas.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,6/16/2014,26,132,1,8,4>What a rad freakin' idea. Take something not that exciting (a flea market), have it at night, add alcohol and your special sauces of music & games, and voila. Magic.Beyond the vendors, the venue itself is sweet as hallle too. Crazy paper lampshades, the band stage setup, Christmas lights, a reasonable amount of seating. The only thing that stinks about the new location is that you basically have to take the G train to get there. And if you go when it's cold out, expect fewer vendors.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,6/15/2014,27,27,3,9,4>I've been consistently pleased with my dining experiences at Morgan's - I often recommend it to friends for food or drinks before events at the Barclays Center. I've been seated in the main restaurant, in the bar section up front, and at the bar itself. The service has been about average, to slightly better than expected. The seating in the back is a bit crowded/cramped, but the front section can be chilly near the door this time of year.On to the food - highlights include the brisket and pork ribs. The pulled pork is also solid, and the turkey tails is a sadly overlooked menu item that I would recommend trying - what's not mentioned on the menu is a tasty buffalo-style flavor in the glaze. Another favorite has been the Stuffed Baked Potato, with your choice of pulled pork or beef brisket. I've never tried any of the sandwiches (I'd rather fill up on meat than bread).The sides are mostly solid across the board - for me the only true lowlight is the macaroni and cheese, which is outsourced to their neighbors at Elbow Room nextdoor. They offer several types of mac & cheese, none of which have a strong enough cheese flavor - sometimes the pasta is also too mushy. Skip this, order more meat instead. Or try the beans, the greens, or the chili.Also, I have to mention this - after all my experiences I can honestly say that the most obvious criticism I have for Morgan's is their DISAPPOINTING BARBECUE SAUCE. It's the only consistently unsatisfying part of my experiences - to me it tastes sweet, with Asian influences (ginger, plum). If you could BYO sauce, you'd be set (in fact I may eventually push my luck and resort to this - or just start ordering takeout).Tip - check the bar for happy hour tacos and beers! I would go here just to get a drink - they have a great whiskey list (particularly American), solid cocktail and beer lists, and good Happy Hour specials on beers and tacos.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,6/14/2014,198,599,4,8,3>Growing up in Syracuse I've loved Dino for as long as I can remember.  It's a staple in Central NY and when I first read that they were opening up a restaurant in the BK I found myself counting down the weeks.  I can't even imagine someone going into this place and not having a great meal.  But just in case you're worried... here are a few tips / a few do's and don'ts for a dinner out at Dino: Make a reservation.  Friday/Saturday nights this place gets a bit crowded.  There may even be a wait on the occasional Tuesday/Wed night.  Order the sweet tea.  It's refreshing and is not overly sweet and it comes in a mason jar!  And don't drinks just taste better when they're being sipped from a mason jar?Don't bother with the cocktails.  They're good- but not $10-$12 good.Try the pulled pork and all its smoked goodness.  My go-to meal has always been the Original Pulled Pork Sandwich and it has never disappointed.  Even the roll they serve it on is delicious.  And sandwich platters come w/ 2 sides... so...Order multiple sides and don't feel bad about it.  Favorites include the mashed potatoes w/ gravy and the mac & cheese.   The baked beans and mashed sweet potatoes (offered occasionally as a 'side of the day') are also pretty delish.  Take home an extra pint of the mac and cheese.  I think it'll run you about $5 but its soooo worth it.  As far as I'm concerned it's the best combination of creamy, super cheddar cheesy, and peppery mac.  Over the years this has become one of my favorite mac and cheeses anywhere.  A must get. Don't waste your time with the corn muffins.  Even dipped in Dino's famous BBQ sauce they were still dry.Enjoy the atmosphere of Dino.  It's lively yet comfortable and feels like home.  Ahhh I just love this place.  Sooo glad it came to Brooklyn!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/13/2014,107,354,3,10,5>If you've never been, you should definitely come! But come early- before noon!There are beautiful views and lots of places to sit. Tons of venders to try out! I would recommend coming with a friend who can really eat or two friends. Get a bunch of everything and share. Have something to eat while you wait on the ramen burger or mighty quinn's line, which are the first tents. The prices for some of the food is pretty steep, but it's not so bad when you share with friends. Things you have to try: Might Quinn's BBQ- the brisket and pulled pork ($5/$9 for a small/big) are both very good! Ask for extra bbq sauce but don't eat the bread. Ramen Burger- ($8/$9 with cheese) you have to try it at least once. However, if the line looks too long, it's not worth it. I expected a crispy ramen bun but it's soft. Lumpia Shack- The best spring rolls I've ever had! Get the sampler ($9) to try three different kinds- pork, mushroom and duck. All very delicious and worth the price. Also got their limeade with basil seeds which was very good!! Kelvin Natural Slush- $5. Got the arnold palmer with white peach. Really refreshing! Ample hills creamery- Not in Smorgasburg, but right outside! The best ice cream! Get the caramel crack of course if it's still available. Yakitori- specializes in chicken skewers. Got the chicken thighs (salt) and it was very tasty. Didn't get teriyaki sauce. It's pretty pricey though ($4 for a skewer). All their limited skewers (gizzards, heart, etc) were sold out by noon! Other things:Tso's Fried Chicken- this was super expensive in my opinion. It's $12 for 2 small pieces of chicken. The skin is crispy and flavor was good but the meat was overcooked and dry.Handsome Hank- got the fish and shrimp ($14) which comes with 6 shrimps and 2 big pieces of fish fillet. The shrimp and fish were good but our fish was not crispy enough.Dough- got the Dulce de leche doughnut ($2.75). The flavor was good but the dough is too dense. Definitely will fill you up. Doughnut plant is better! Porchetta- the meat was okay. It really needs a sauce! It was too dry to eat in the sandwich.Bamboo Bites- $8? for a small serving of sweet rice. It didn't have much flavor. It wasn't worth it. Forgot the names of the vendor:grilled mexican corn- $3 boiled then lightly grilled corn. The corn was not sweet at all.mango lassi drink (not Monsieur Singh)- $4, given in an open cup! I was scared it was going to spill on me the whole time going through the crowds. It was not sweet at all but homemade! Others I've tried elsewhere, but not here: Red hook lobster pound- Delicious! Get the connecticut lobster rollA & B Hot sauce- tried their hot sauce at whole foods and I was hooked. It's very good!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,10/26/2012,521,449,8,9,12>I typically subscribe to the Louis C. K. mantra of over-consumption: "I don't stop eating when I'm full. The meal is not over when I'm full. The meal is over when I hate myself."But even this gluttonous, self-loathing approach couldn't clean my plate at DuMont. You heard right. Ladies and gentleman, the DuMont Burger almost killed me. Granted, it was the half-army of fries that were the ones spared, as I was hell-bent on finishing off one of the city's most highly-acclaimed burgers, but dear God, it took all the life out of me to do so. For this, I do not hate myself. Rather, I'm proud. Proud to report that the DuMont Burger is the heavenly heifer of a patty everyone says it is.From the first bite, there was an intoxicating, peppery aroma coming from the innards of this burger. The patty itself was obnoxiously thick and impressively juicy. And for the remainder of my meal, well, I'm pretty sure I blacked out. I got hammered off ground beef - ground beef that I wanted to decimate and then reassemble in my gut so I could carry it around like my own burger baby.However, DuMont is no one-trick, super-fat pony. The restaurant is greedy enough to have two extremely popular items that have patrons coming back again and again. And the second is their DuMac & Cheese.The choice of radiatore here is a win in a big way - thick, squatty, spiral pasta that lends itself well to multiple fork stabbings coming from all angles of your table. The dish has probably the most perfectly puffed exterior, crispy yet souffle-like. And the blend of bacon, cheddar, Gruyère, and Parmesan is a welcome flavor punch to the gut. Where my burger baby lives.Perhaps I was under the influence of the boozy jazz blaring through DuMont's speakers, but I got a really cool New Orleans feel from this popular Brooklyn haunt. The front of the house is classic early twentieth century, with its tiled floors and well-kept bar fixture. The back of the house is a beautifully crafted patio, an idyllic, romantic space under a vaulted tent. The service, as well as the cocktails, and, as you already know, the food, are all top-notch. So, when you're ready and willing to shatter your all-time caloric-intake high score with some real panache, DuMont's got the goods.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,10/24/2012,363,618,5,21,8>I saved review 500 for something special and this definitely qualifies as that...I've been waiting 9 years for this arena to exist, i've been a New Jersey Nets fan for a long time and would schlep my way over the bridge from Brooklyn to Jersey to see them play and spend more money on the gas and tolls than on the ticket. Those days are finally over.The Barclays Center is the ultimate in Brooklyn pride, if you have lived in the borough since birth like me then you know what this means. Brooklyn has always been the red headed step sister to Manhattan and a "cheap alternative" for so many activities from nightlife, real estate to sporting events. The Barclays Center is a HUGE step at making things a bit even! Now that i've waxed poetic, let's talk about the arena.As a Nets season ticket holder i was invited to the very first "open house" for the arena, a chance to walk around and see the sights, get a feel for the arena and see all it has to offer. There's so much to talk about and a limited number characters to do it, so let's go:Walking out of the Atlantic Avenue train terminal to see this mecca is such a welcomed sight! It looks like a giant space ship with it's rusted round exterior and bright blue LED lights. If you are wondering why the arena seems to not be as big as others, it's because the actual basketball court was built below ground. This makes even the very top of the arena not so high up from the outside. Inside, the first thing you unfortunately are greeted with is a line of metal detectors. This is probably the biggest buzz kill about the arena but as one of the security guys said to myself and Richard B., "you're in Brooklyn, man, gonna have to get used to it!"*UPDATE* It appears that the metal detectors will not be a mainstay at the Barclays! The Nets preseason games did not use the metal detectors and my ticket agent says they were used in the beginning as "a test" and may only return for specific events. Once you are inside you are greeted with paradise. This arena is like no other with the most amazing style and design you will ever see. The jumbo tron greets you with the soon-to-be-iconic Brooklyn logo and says HELLO BROOKLYN.Everything is grey and black, making for a sleek look with a beautiful hardwood floor. The layout is so good because the seats are angling up and not out, you are closer to the action with a sight line that will not be matched by an other arena. If you have a lower level seat at the Barclays you have struck gold! The seats are spacious enough and comfortable with cup holders. The lower level was designed so you don't have to worry about people walking by you and blocking your view during play (for the most part, there's always a couple of spots that will be effected).The upper level is a different story. All i have to say to anyone who has back row seats up there is good luck! It's pretty high up and even though the seats are closer to the court than a regular arena, it's still VERY high up. Id say you are OK for the first 6-8 rows, then it gets bad. The quality of the seats are still good, but it's all about the height. There are Metro PCS phone charging stations upstairs which is cool.Food at the Barclays is going to be amazing! They brought in some local businesses to the arena which was a great idea. We had the opportunity to try a nice amount of food, including a Brooklyn Burger with "a special Brooklyn recipe" that was flat out perfect. Also fantastic was the Juniors Cheesecake L&B Spumoni Gardens, your standard, solid Nathan's hot dog, Havana grille with great Cuban food, including some fantastic pulled pork with rice and beans, and something i've never tried before- bangers! It's a pork link in a pretzel bun with some relish on the side, and it was pretty good!You'll also have sushi stands on the top and bottom floors along with nacho stand, gluten free stands kosher stands and so much more. It's safe to say you will find something you like at the Barclays. Soda is only sold in the 16oz size. There's an Adidas store in the arena, along with a Starbucks and a bunch of public and private lounges, including a Foxwoods bar and more. Something else to watch out for at the Barclays is spacing. The jury is still out but it seems like the walkway space in the main and upper concourses may be a little tight. The arena holds 18,000 and i expect close to capacity crowds for most events, meaning long and slow moving lines should be expected. I know, that was a lot to take in, but trust me when i say you need to experience the Barclays Center at least once, just because it's so unique and way more advanced than any other arena in the tri-state area. There will be plenty of kinks to work out, like the phone service and security, but when all is said and done Brooklynites will brag about having the Barclays on their turf.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,10/23/2012,88,79,4,5,4>Good Fork refuses to joke around when it comes to dumplings, apparently. Made a destination-length bike ride to get here. Hunkered down, FAMISHED and ready to scarf plates of Korean food. The dumplings, while a bit pricey at $9, were perhaps the finest I have ever tasted. The wrapping was so thin, the filling so fresh, and the sauce so choice. I followed it up with some sliced steak over Kimchi rice and a fried egg on top. This was not a night devoted to my heart health, but what it was was deliciously medium rare steak on top of lightly spicy kimchi rice, a salad, and a perfectly cooked fried egg. The whole meal was really excellent, and the back porch/room was very cozy for late night diners like ourselves. I will go back and back and back.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,10/22/2012,269,332,3,9,4>Let's keep this short and sweet, cause if you are going to go...you are going to go.1 token= $55 tokens = $20Don't kid yourself, get 5 tokens for yourself. Don't bother sharing with a gf or friend.If you have a party/celebration or birthday....come early and reserve your spot. I think they recommend you give them a call to expect a larger than usual crowd. It's the perfect idea since people can pay and choose what they want to drink. One rule: you cannot bring any kind of OTHER alcohol in.If you just want to drink and have snacks, bring your own or order a pizza from the truck outside. My friend had the pizza as we were leaving, he wasn't too impressed. You could order by piece or pies for your group if you want.Turnover seems to be high, people drink and go on the tour and everyone's in a good mood always so feel free to share. The tables/chairs give you a conference type feel but the beers and friendly faces make it all good.Lines go long and short quick depending on human traffic and tour times. When it gets long, they get a couple more hands to quicken the pace.BKB caps, t-shirts and what nots for sale in the front where you buy your tokens. They have occasional t-shirt sales in the barrels. Look out for that. Posters on the R side of the beer hall tell the story of BKB, which is interesting. Drinks are up on the chalkboard above the bar, I believe there's a lot of season beers that rotate around. So every time you go, it should be different. I recommend you go to the Williamsburg Smorgasburg or Flea Market (depending which day on the weekend you go) and stop over for a drink after! Make it a great weekend! :)Tip-bits:Tour of the place lasts 30 mins, and it's more a quick history/story behind the place and how it looks, not how it actually producing the beer.Look out and up for the chandelier in the factory back room.Buy tokens before you go in, know that some beers costs more than 1 tokenLines move very quicklyFree h20 on the L side of the bar, by the bathroom2-3 stalls in the female bathroomI was told they make Guinness stout cupcakes, check on it.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,10/21/2012,112,134,6,5,3>This is the perfect place.It's places like this that make me feel like downgrading all of my 5 star reviews to 4 stars. I genuinely (not really genuinely) feel like I'm the Russian judge and I gave the first figure skater a 6.0 only to have the next figure skater come out and land a quintuple axle with both arms tied behind her back while on fire (maybe I should have gone with a more familiar analogy... I know nothing about figure skating. axle is a thing, right? is it out of 6?). Anyway, I was here yesterday, I split an amazing roast beef sandwich with a lady friend ($11 with chips, but it's huge. perfect for sharing). We had 2 growlers (64oz) of IPA ($10.95/each... so like $2.75/pint?), tasted a bunch of the awesome beers on tap, grabbed some glasses, sat outside in the back garden, made some new friends, and just chilllled.It's literally THE perfect spot. If all my friends were in manhattan (and unfortunately most of them are) and they refused to come out to brooklyn to go here, I would just make new friends, because this place is more important than they are.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,10/20/2012,79,111,5,7,6>My mainstay, go to, wild card, whatever you wanna call fav' burger spot.  If Jesus were making a hamburger, he would have to take notes from these guys!Bonnie's is becoming somewhat of an addiction to me, not afraid to say it at all.  I have been going almost on a steady weekly basis for the last few months because the burger is my personal favorite Friday take out order in the Slope.Juicy spiced angus is tops when it's good, but there are also times where the cook doesn't quite make the mark.  Sometimes, (a number of times lately) I have asked for a medium-cooked burger, and let's just say there was no color to the meat.  Not a deal breaker, but really, the juices contribute a great deal to the flavor.  But alas, I motor on, and continue to give Bonnie's the benefit of the doubt.  Because when they're good, flavor country is taken over.Burgers are ginormous in size (definitely on the greasy side), fries are addicting with the chipotle sauce.  Wings are relatively standard but a nice additive to any meal.  Pulled pork is drenched in BBQ and really hits the nail on the head.I'm ashamed to say I haven't really explored the menu aside from the above (with the exception of one average blue cheese Kobe Beef special burger), but that's merely because the burger quite possibly could have been made to be a child of Jesus.For me, in the last 15 or so experiences, the burger is on a 15 game hit streak, being that i haven't ordered anything else!Draft selection is decent, and always changing.  Always good to see what micro breweries are to offer.  Don't expect to go to a chique atmosphere, lunch counters and little tables is the name of the game.The fact that Bonnie's is now delivering makes it even more amazing than ever, even as I am writing this 2 blocks away.Writing this now makes me want a burger, thanks a lot Yelp....
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,10/19/2012,77,161,6,3,3>I want to be a Black Greek. My waiter was a Brazilian one so why not?What the hell?? How are all Greek people not 300lbs at least?? This food is so rich and delicious and rich and delicious!The bread (two baskets), olive oil and chic pea paste are enough. I could eat them all day.Then my fat ass had to go order kolokythakia ( fired zucchini served with a garlic mash). Again this could totally be a meal...but nooooooooooooo fatty had to go order off of the comfort food side of the menu and get pastichio. What. The. Fugggggg!? (pasta, ground sirloin in a bechamel sauce). Yeah really?Now I have a food baby the size of Octomoms belly and here he goes bringing out the frigging dessert tray.WHY? JUST WHY?So the obese broad within says "sure I will have a dessert, Filo stuffed with custard you say? Yes, please!" Now I can't button my damn coat. Is it over? Nope!!!The owner sends over a hunk of baklava. Noooo I can't!!! Please...but I can't be rude so I dive in.Now I can't walk.So me my unbuttoned jeans and coat enjoyed every bite and will be back asap.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,10/18/2012,656,559,5,6,5>Great market so close to home. No need to go all the way to Union Square. You can get samples of fruits and veggies. Go early so you avoid the crowds of people (think 11am). Lots of baked goods and cakes sold here and bread! Delicious bread. I've been here plenty of times and love wandering the market. Bring cash!!!!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,10/17/2012,209,892,8,8,6>Say yes to the self serve free popcorn!Say yes to the various choices of cider, including Black Cherry!Say yes to writing obscenities using provided chalk in the bathroom!Say yes to the small outdoor patio!Say yes to the doggies that surround you!Say yes to bringing food in from elsewhere!If you say no to any of the above, get out.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,10/16/2012,64,85,3,9,4>My husband and I recently relocated from Boston to Brooklyn, and had our belongings stored in a PODS unit for several months. When it came time to unload, I was looking for a team of movers to hire for around $200 (I wasn't willing to spend the $400+ asked of some major moving companies), so looked on Craigslist. I was a bit skeptical about what could be expected by movers found in this venue (and of such low cost), but figured I could at least get a couple of guys to informally assist us. I sent an email to the contact person, and heard back with 3-6 hours with their low estimate of $75/hr for a team of 3 men (minimum 2 hrs plus .5 hr to account for travel time). I do my research for bargain shopping, and this is a steal compared to what other local and national movers charge.Turns out, these guys are serious about their work. Based on the low price, I hadn't expected them to be so punctual, prepared, and professional (I think I just came up with the "3 Necessary P's" of movers...TM). They were all three. We scheduled an appointment for 10am, when our PODS was scheduled to arrive. The team of three was on time, and probably would have arrived even earlier if they hadn't run into traffic from the Brooklyn Marathon. They were super nice and efficient in their work. What should have taken about 2-3 hours took them only 1. It was pretty incredible to watch them work! And best of all, I didn't have to lift a finger. Not that I'm particularly lazy, but there's only so much heavy lifting one can take... I'll definitely be giving them a call next time we move.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,1/7/2013,112,134,7,8,5>this place boggles my mind. my mind is completely boggled.I've been here a few times, and I can't wrap my head around who came up with this sandwich-making system. it's the most counter-intuitive thing I've ever seen, but the end result is a constant line and delicious sandwiches, so I guess I shouldn't judge. here's what I'm talking about:1) they literally use like 5 toaster ovens that look like the cheapest toaster oven offered at target, and 2 microwaves of similar quality. 2) they usually have 2 people working. these people are responsible for:  a) going to the back periodically to get more bread,   b) toasting the bread in the random toaster ovens (periodically over-toasting and having to re-toast),   c) taking out your meat and cheese choices from the refrigerator, un-wrapping them, slicing them in the meat slicer, rewrapping them, and putting them back in the refrigerator,  d) microwaving the sandwich fillings in one of the two microwaves,  e) putting all the toppings you want on the sandwich (there are many topping options. note: spicy peppers are different from jalapeno peppers)  f) bagging/basketting the sandwich and ringing you up at the registerthis is a ridiculous system. but as inefficient as it seems, and as frustrating as it may be to watch them rewrap the very same turkey you're going to order in cellophane because they sliced it for the person 2 people in front of you... the line is always there so it seems like its really busy and popular, and the sandwiches are great, so who am I to complain.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/6/2013,343,284,3,6,6>WOW. Aliseo is THAT good and top notch that it is very comparable to restaurants we've been to in Italy, and even better than others in Italy!  I really wish I've discovered this place when I moved to the area 4.5 years ago! I can't believe this is my first time because I've been missing out!First off, the space is beautiful, cozy, and romantic. The staff and owners are super friendly and hospitable, that I feel like I'm a visitor at their home. We met Laura who was absolutely accommodating and helpful.  And the most important part - the food and its authenticity, flavor, and creativity was absolutely amazing. .  I repeat, again, if you want authentic and delicious Italian food, you must go here. And, all of their pastas and bread are made from scratch!  You really could tell the high quality ingredients that they use in their dishes.  For our first courses, we had the fregnacce special which is octopus chickpeas rustic polenta pasta.  As a big fan of octopus and polenta, this was the perfect dish.  So delicate yet flavorful, and you could taste the high quality and freshness of the ingredients they used in this dish.  We also had the fettuccine with duck ragu, which is also excellent.  It's definitely a richer dish so you should go for it if you want a nice kick.  For our entrees, we had the fluke special, which is flounder-like fish prepared with tomatoes and olives and served in a pot.  The fish was super fresh and cooked to perfection.  And I'm not an olive fan, but I absolutely loved their olives - such high quality!  We also had the porchetta, which is slow roasted suckling pig, along with swiss chard.  This was also just as delicious.  They also offer a great selection of wine.  To go with my fluke entree, I had an excellent white wine called Garofoli Macrina Verdicchio Dei Castelli di Jesi.   We ended our meal with espresso and this amazing caramel ginger coffee-like drink that Laura recommended.  You could really taste the flavors and neither were too intense so they complemented each other and it was smooth as could be!  We were even offered delicious biscotti and meringue cookies.  Next time I'll have to order from their dessert menu!I'm so glad that I celebrated my milestone birthday here yesterday.  The whole experience was AMAZING and you rarely can find that nowadays. Thank you, Aliseo!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,1/5/2013,12,80,,19,17>I'm a big fan of these guys. They handled my local Brooklyn move with professionalism and efficiency. All of my possessions made it quickly and safely from point A to B, so who could ask for more? I also got the sense that they are just really good people. The guy who scheduled my move on the phone was courteous and responsive, and the actual movers were communicative and friendly. Also they are seriously good value. It would have cost me only slightly less to rent a truck and have my friends help me, so the money I paid for these movers was well worth the saved stress and aggravation.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,1/4/2013,243,374,6,9,8>I like Paper Source so much that I'm afraid of going in. They carry a vast selection of beautiful and adorable paper goods along with an array of cute, whimsical variety of random gifts. At the right hand side of the store, against the walls you can find rubber stamps for your DIY projects.All these beautiful things don't come cheap but you know you can't help yourself.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,1/3/2013,209,892,5,11,7>First of all, I never go to a vegetarian restaurant but when a friend wanted to eat nothing but greens, a quick search on Yelp showed M.O.B so off we went for dinner. The restaurant is spacious, with only communal tables, lit by a row of candles. There's an outdoor patio in the back, which we didn't realize til we overheard people heading there by the end of our meal. Oh well. Utensils are found in the drawers of the table. Along with the menu, you are given a comic book describing the history of MOB, which served as a quirky momento. My companion and I shared the following:For appetizers - the Oyster Mushroom with Chickpea Nuggets in a dijon mustard sauce. This is a must get item! It was meaty and the sauce complimented the nuggets.For entrees, we both got the specials. For her, the Oyster Mushroom Salad that had mashed avocado and poblanos in it. The poblanos give the salad quite a kick, which I personally liked but she found it a little too overwhelming. I, on the other hand, got the Summer Glow MOB (a speciality of theirs, a flatbread pizza). My MOB had mashed avocado, summer corn, tomatoes, kalamata olives and drizzled with balsamic vinegar. I loved that it came on out a special platter, resembling the arches of the Brooklyn Bridge. The dish itself was delicious and I could've easily had another one, if I had been more hungry.Prices are reasonable (our bill came to $30 for 1 appetizer & 2 entrees).Staff is friendly and service was fast. Conveniently located about a block away from Atlantic Ave Station.Maimonide is a great place to take a vegetarian friend when you want to go somewhere casual yet with an interesting take on vegetarian food! I'll definitely take more of my non carnivore friends here!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/2/2013,206,143,8,13,14>No sense messing about: this is the best beer bar in NYC. And it's not even a bar.Why it's incomparable: they get their hands on the highest quality and rarest drafts/bottles and yet it's the furthest thing from being an overrun, insufferable "scene" full of terrible people. Two minor knocks: I don't like that it's cash only and the seating is very limited when it's cold out (the majority of the tables are outside and there aren't any heat lamps).But for spring/summer/fall, there's no place I'd rather be for a pint than BL's back patio. So what if the food options are pretzels and landjaeger (read: better version of a Slim Jim)?  I also wish they didn't close at 10, but again it's not a bar in the traditional sense. A couple rounds here preceded/followed by pizza at Paulie Gee's is damn close to my idea of a perfect night. As others have noted you're not committed to one serving size, so you can try everything in half measures if, as is usually the case, there are multiple must-tries on the list. The bottom line is that it's really hard to go back to overrun shitshow beer bars after Brouwerij Lane. So my advice would be to go here, enjoy some of the best beer on earth in sweet tranquility, and then don't tell anyone how good it is.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,1/1/2013,165,480,1,6,4>This place is so cozy that you don't want to leave. I love it!I went with a friend for brunch, and I thought I had the wrong place, a boutique.  But, no, in the back is a cute little eatery with a delicious brunch.  The red sangria was delicious, and the house red is burgundy.  The burger was the best seasoned burger I've had in a long time, and the egg nog cupcake tasted like home.They don't have mustard, but the place is awesome. The staff is super friendly and vibrant.  The aromas and ambiance can't be beaten, especially with the jazz musician performing through brunch. I'll definitely be back.  A wonderful experience.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,12/31/2012,28,162,,6,6>I can't believe  it took me this long to try Ba'sik out! I finally made it for an early happy hour on Sunday, and can't wait to go back. Definitely sit at the bar, the bartender is very friendly, and has great recommendations. He also makes a mean Pappa's Pride, and my mouth is watering just thinking about his perfectly proportioned beverage. The price point for their cocktails is absurdly affordable given the quality, and although they don't offer happy hour prices on their mixed drinks, their beer & wine deals make the drinks almost free!  If you find yourself in the neighborhood, definitely make Ba'sik your first stop. You will fall in love.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,12/30/2012,181,168,2,4,3>This place has been on my list of places to try for a while now because of my curiosity of the French Caribbean cuisine.   I figured since we were in the neighborhood, today was the day.  The place is small and simple yet cozy and feels quite special.  We waited maybe 15 mins as a walk in and the server made us feel welcomed and confident that we will be seated very soon.  Once seated, we were welcomed by one of the owner, Sebastien, who makes an effort to connect with his customers in a very friendly manner.  My boyfriend and I decided we were going to be adventurous tonight and try something new and to my surprise, everything was delicious!    We tried the escargot (this is a little salty but I suggest pairing it with bread because its great), pears and bleu cheese, duck and tilapia dishes... we cleaned our plates even ate dessert, which we never do!!!  This was just a great experience for us and we can't wait to go back with friends and a few bottles of wine!  In addition, if you collect records or appreciate good music, you will enjoy the sounds here.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,12/29/2012,177,289,2,9,6>"You're going to want to get the pancakes," said the woman in front of us in line, baby strapped to her chest. "Also, the line looks long, but they usually come out and bring you coffee and snacks while you wait, so it's not too bad."Such was my introduction to Tom's, which is quickly becoming my Favorite. Brunch. Place. In. Brooklyn.  (Yeah, I said it.) No, this isn't drunch, with unlimited mimosas. It's not locally-sourced-fair-trade-organic, nor is is the hippest spot 'round the park. But Tom's knows exactly what is is - a locally owned, down-home, 1930s era diner - and it isn't afraid to show it. The menu is expansive - a slightly gourmet twist on standard diner fair (think  fluffy lemon-ricotta pancakes, chipotle egg scrambles, and to-die-for turkey sausage)- but NOT expensive. My plate of Danish pancakes was $8.Sure enough, a friendly bow-tied older man came out the front door half a dozen times while we waited in line. Bearing a silver tray filled with tea and coffee (with sugar and cream if you please!), or a plate of the aforementioned  turkey sausage cut up into bites for hungry customers, he made his way down the line, joking and chatting with everyone as if he knew them. Which, well - he probably did. Tom's is a neighborhood spot. (He also brought out cinnamon toast slathered in honey - messy but SO good). I just felt HAPPY eating at Tom's, and judging by everyone's expressions, that's a common response to the friendly staff, tiny crowded table, and delicious food. Don't wait - you want to go to Tom's ASAP.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,9/20/2014,295,118,6,6,8>Behind every successful woman........is a pair of fabulous, designer shoes.Chuckies is filled with designer handbags and shoes, and a bunch of women knowledgable about everything FASHION. Not a big selection, but it is a great selection. Plus for you if you speak Russian. Store is very well organized and looks like it belongs on 5th ave. Pricey, but thats what designer is. Basically, you can't buy happiness, but you can buy shoes, and shoes are basically the source of my happiness.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,9/19/2014,51,163,3,7,5>Brooklyn Ball Factory is my jam and another welcome addition to the neighborhood. It's located behind Sternberg park, on the same block as my favorite banh mi place.Food and drink is ordered at the counter, service staff will bring out your food (so not a waiter-service kind of place).I'm in love with japanese curry and once i saw it on the menu i had to order it. Home made - or at least thats what it tastes like. Made with beef broth the curry comes off sweet and savory and in all honesty a little worcester-sauce-y. Whats curried is the vegetables which are squash, carrots, brussel sprouts, and onions. Adding meat is an option. White rice lays underneath the curry and a salad rests beside that. My SO ordered the pork belly which is sweet and savory as well. Thinly cut slips of barley fed mugi fuji pork in a sweet soy sauce. Served with some roasted veggies, side salad and small condiment cup of pickled veggies.Rosemary fries are thin cut well salted and rosemary-ed.The soup that came gratis was vegetable and had some drops of chili oil in it - careful can be spicy! A bit...thin but hey who can complain about free-ninety-nine?The atmosphere is brooklyn chic. Modern industrial minimal. Two four seater tables on backless bar stools made of weathered wood and iron. Three of those stools face a counter space. Cute upstairs area but it was baking on a hot summer day so didn't stay up there long. $27 for both entrees, rosemary fries, soup, an aranciata, and a glass bottle coke. Definitely a good deal.Friendly service staff - Great place will be back!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/18/2014,90,533,3,5,3>I've been bemoaning the lack of a good Japanese izakaya in the area, but with the arrival of Bar Chuko, I can't complain any longer. Even a few weeks after our first meal here, I'm still dreaming about the rice cakes, the delicious cocktails, and the chill atmosphere.My bf and I started with a bunch of skewers, including my beloved chicken livers and the bacon-wrapped mochi cakes. They're not quite as delicious as what I can find at a restaurant back in my hometown, but they still pack a wallop when it comes to flavour. The mochi could be grilled slightly longer to soften it up, as I found it to be overly tough to chew on.We also ordered the raw tuna bowl, which comes in a spicy mayo preparation with toasted pages of nori to wrap with, and the popular rice cakes. The rice cakes remind me of a meaty ragu lasagna, except with kimchi and tender rice cakes that are plenty chewy. These can be super hot, so make sure not to burn your tongue off!Bar Chuko is a decent bike ride away from us, but it's still such a comfortable atmosphere that I'm plenty happy to suggest it for a casual weekend dinner with friends. I highly recommend the Cucumber Melon Fizz for a starter cocktail -- I'm not even much of a drinker, but even I couldn't help sipping one of these bad boys down.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/17/2014,153,97,4,4,5>Villa pancho is a neighborhood gem, tucked away in a small storefront on bedford. The staff is always friendly and willing to suggest the very best protein (in their humble opinions).  They have great variety, fresh ingredients and huge portions. While I am not what you call a lover of burritos, I enjoy them from time to time, but im usually craving the tacos. Oh those sweet, heavenly tacos. They are bought individually so mix and match as you see fit. You want spicy chicken but also beef? Do it up. Are you feeling crispy shells or soft? Just make sure you get the super tacos with beans (I suggest refried but they also come whole). I'm a big fan of the spicy chicken tacos but I will say that no taco has yet to leave me disappointed. I do prefer to eat the tacos there instead of taking them to go but they can also totally be delivered.Once you've ordered head to the back. Feel free to grab a seat while you wait the few minutes for your food to be brought to you. Just make sure you dont miss the back corner where you'll find a large cooler of water, utensils and the lovely salsa bar. There are just so many to choose from but they prefer you to only take two cups per guest. They all have different flavors and spice levels so go with a friend, grab four cups and mix and match until you get it right.  Look back at your table. You might already have been served if you had a hard time deciding your salsas. Now get going and enjoy your meal. Whether you got a burrito or a bunch of delicious crunchy tacos, you'll be sure to feast on them today, then again in a few days when your body just needs to fill the void that only these can properly fill.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/16/2014,40,67,8,7,7>The fried livers...oh my god, the fried livers. Reminds me of the stuff my grandmother used to make. Since Turkish cuisine is the kissing cousin of Greek, I will happily cheat on my culture anytime here. The wait staff's English skills are a little spotty, but who cares when there are FRIED LIVERS. So, good!!!! Squeeze a lemon on it and call it a day.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/15/2014,27,56,5,8,7>Brooklyn Night Bazaar is this crazy, cool place where all the hipsters come out to play, eat, drink, shop. Hosted in an old warehouse type setting, it make perfect sense that this sort of event would exist in Brooklyn. Every Friday and Saturday night it's the hottest place to be because you can literally do it all! Feel like testing your gaming skills at the arcade? Brooklyn Night Bazaar has got your back. Mini golf fanatic? Don't forget to bring your A-game. Maybe you're more of a shop-a-holic? Lucky for you, they have over 30 vendors selling unique handmade items like jewelry, scarfs, shoes, clothing, ties and so much more. Love hearing the newest bands on the Brooklyn scene? You can do that here too. They have a full line up of hot, upcoming artists all night long. OK- art is totally your thing? You won't be disappointed. Now, for the best part...the food! Brooklyn Night Bazaar features some pretty awesome eats and a cozy beer garden. They spotlight over 15 food vendors ranging from  to Morris Grilled Cheese to Briskettown. I love this place because you cannot get bored. There are so many things to see, do and taste, so get out there and explore! Brooklyn Night Bazaar is located at 165 Banker Street, Brooklyn, NY 11222. They are open every Friday and Saturday from 7:00 PM to 1:00 AM.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,9/14/2014,44,135,4,14,5>Oh hey, this place opened. Here's the deal:Small plates: nicely priced and well done. They're working in a tiny place and they've come up with some smart ways to deal with it, like pulled pork, so they can work ahead of time a little. Leek tart is particularly amazing. Cocktails: remarkable, both because they taste great and because they're $7. Remember $7 cocktails? Me neither. This is partly because they only have a beer & wine license so far, so you're getting a lot of vermouth and stuff - which they make themselves, because of course they do - but I thiiiink that's a temporary thing, and in any case house-made vermouth is cool. Quit complaining, you lush.There's a lot of press this year about Windsor Terrace, what with this and Krupa and the upcoming Brunswick, and the good news is that we're two for two so far. Brooklyn Proper fills a niche here: it's a nice kindof romantic spot you can hit for a well-made cocktail and a small plate or two. It's a date place. Double Windsor is too loud for a date, and Farrell's is too Farrell's, so previously you had to trudge over to Brookvin on 7th. Although Krupa and Proper now overlap some, with any luck we'll find that there's room for them both.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,9/13/2014,93,201,4,4,3>FIVE STARS!! YAY!I finally got to try Traif out and I am in LOVE LOVE LOVE!!We ordered a bunch of dishes to share, but my favorite one was the scallops with risotto. SO GOOD! The place is cozy and nice. The staff was super friendly and helpful.The only thing that bothered me was the tight seating. The tables were too close to each other. But overall, FIVE STARS!! I cannot wait to try out the rest of the menu! Mmm :)
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/12/2014,618,1991,4,6,5>Brooklyn Bridge Park just got a whole lot more awesome, unfortunately it also means it's a lot more popular and packed with people during those prime sunny summer days. What I'm referring to is the recently opened Pier 2 in the ever expanding Brooklyn Bridge Park. It's an activities mecca on the east river under the cover of an ultra tall tin roof. There's no admission or sign ups to come and enjoy the pier which features handball/racketball, basketball, bocce, shuffle board, a turf field, roller skating (assuming this will change to ice skating in the winter), a play ground, and a number of tables and benches to take in the beautiful view. If you want to borrow bocce balls or shuffle board equipment it's currently free, you just have to give the people at the skating rink skate rental building your ID. Their are two bocce courts which are quite large and well designed. I wished I could say the same about shuffleboard. They just painted the court on the concrete. When I came I was the first to use the equipment, unpacked the cardboard box from Amazon and everything. I don't think they realized how horrible the disks would slide on this material and how when you're standing on the east side of the court the glare from the lights would obscure the view of the opposite side of the court, hopefully this gets fixed with a few more layers of glaze on the concrete and moving the light. My girlfriend came again on a later date and the same building said they weren't the right people to talk to about the shuffleboard equipment and couldn't help her out. Clearly there are kinks to work out here. The roller skating is the only thing on the pier that costs money but the cost is very reasonable (for both the admission and skate rentals). They have a schedule available on site where you can even come during 21+ times and free times. Music keeps things entertaining and at this point it's just Top 40 stuff but the schedule looks like they've left the possibility of different themed sessions in the future. Unfortunately there's no alcohol allowed on the pier and there's a police presence to make sure there's no funny business going on. During the summer however there is a little beach beer garden right across the path beside the little pop-up pool. It was amazing seeing so many people of all ages and backgrounds from the community coming together at the pier this weekend. I feel so lucky this is only a few blocks from me and I feel as though it's such a great addition to the park. I just hope it doesn't get more popular than it already is and that we all take care of the park to ensure it stays in such beautiful shape.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/11/2014,68,233,5,9,6>BrisketTown might be misnamed. They should go by the name of RibTown because frankly the pork ribs here are better than the brisket.That's not to say that the brisket is bad. On the contrary its excellent. The slices are huge with nearly 1/3 of each slice of brisket brimming with fat. But brisket has always had a high floor and low ceiling. Ribs on the other hand have the potential to be the best dish on a menu but are often times screwed up. The ribs here at BrisketTown are expensive for starters. At $16 per 1/2 lb you are looking at basically 4 ribs, or $4 a rib. But what you get is fantastic top notch smoked meat. Tender ribs with a nice charred outside that isn't too dry but still has good smoked texture. For around $30 a person you will get enough good meat in this tiny South Williamsburg eatery to satisfy your hunger. Also the can koozies are free and you can take them home! Sweet souvenirs!Note : come early. By 8:30 pm the pork ribs were out... we got the last order. And let me tell you, that is what you definitely want. I want to say BrisketTown is somewhere between 4 and 5 stars. There wasn't much of a wait when I came at prime dinner time on a Friday which is a plus. The food is great but the price is a bit on the high side. Still you can't have it all in NYC - quality, service and price. Pick two.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/21/2013,38,109,9,9,6>All wood everything. Seriously, I wasn't sure if I had walked into a sauna or a bar on first entering Torst. Fortunately, there weren't any sweaty old dudes hanging out in towels, so I figured I had come to the right place.Honestly, the decor is quite nice at Torst in a very Paul Bunyan cum minimalist conservationist way. But, just about everyone comes to Torst to sample one of the finest collections of brews in NYC and not to gawk at the wall treatments. And, in that regard, it's worth the trip. If you are a beer lover, I'd highly recommend Evil Twin brews in general and Torst features these prominently (not a shock since the brewer behind Evil Twin is part owner of Torst). Beyond Evil Twin they have what is, in my experience, an unmatched selection of quality brews that run the gamut from light to dark and minimal ABV to pints that'll knock you off your stool if they aren't consumed slowly.Beware that this selection does come with a bit of a price tag attached. It's not egregiously priced for what you get but don't expect to find those $3 PBRs that you are accustomed to ordering at the local watering hole.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,11/20/2013,295,118,7,9,9>Celebrated my mothers 50th birthday here and had an absolutely amazing time! Certainly deserving of its rating.The food is TO DIE FOR. Our banquet pretty much had everything from the menu so its safe to safe that I can vouch for their amazing food. The steak was juicy, the salmon was tender, and the foie gras melted right in my mouth. Presentation of the food is also spectacular. The service is also amazing. Not sure if it was because we were having a party, but the waiters catered to all our needs and placed food on our plates for us. They were very fast and efficient.As for the music, their singers have the voices of angels. I don't know what they're doing singing at a local restaurant when they can easily be making tons of money, but I'm glad I got a front row show!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,11/19/2013,851,373,9,4,5>Boasting several different flavors, decent prices and a host of personality W-Burg Creamery has you covered - and not just in sprinkles. Walking in you'll be greeted by the staff who happen to take friendliness very seriously. One of the first post-greeting things they said to Miss Sarit and I was "I really like your energy, you are so relaxed." Which just screamed (see what I did there?) California to me and sure enough - she was born and raised Cali like myself.After a quick chat about all things chillaxing, we chose our flavors and hung out to eat.The ice cream here is smoother than a baby's bottom, and always better tasting. Whatever you're in the mood for, WC has your back, fa'shizzle.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,11/18/2013,180,465,7,3,2>There is so much right about Barcade and so little wrong.  If God had an arcade...and a drinking problem...this is what it would look like.The bar staff is attentive, the crowd lively and the experience is tied together with places to sit, games to play and drinks to, well, drink.Most of the arcade games are true throw backs to the 70s, 80s and 90s - and they're only a quarter to play - few bargains like this exist in the city.  There's even a Saturday happy hour from 12-5 where drinks are $1.00 off.I like this place more than Two Bits Arcade in the east village because there are many multiplayer team games that you can play together instead of against one another.Skip doing laundry and bring your quarters to Barcade.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/17/2013,24,126,5,6,6>The best worst fast food joint I've ever experienced. Walking in the door is like stepping into a time warp to 1977 and I mean that in the best way possible. The food is so good in that "I'll be sorry I ate this later but it tastes so good now" kind of way. The corn fritters are delicious and the milkshakes are the best I've ever had.Go on your birthday and spin the birthday wheel to win free Roll N Roaster dollerz (yes, with a 'Z').
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/16/2013,84,213,2,2,3>I love Four & Twenty Blackbirds with alllllllll my heart.Best damn pies I've ever had. Never knew I loved pie so much until I had all the different kinds they offer here. The apple pie is still one of my faves (the crust on it is ridiculous) but depending on the season, the selection varies and is usually delicious.I've only actually been inside the shop once so I can't really speak to the service or the environment, but I've pie from here a million times and it has always been a special treat!Note: whipped cream is made fresh so make sure to ask for it on the side!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,11/15/2013,90,266,3,3,3>I have no idea why I never came here before.  I live in the area, but for some reason never thought to stop by.  My friends and I finally did on Saturday night and had a great time.First off, this is so not a dive bar.  It's way too cute and welcoming to be a true dive.  Sure the drinks are really affordable, but with the exposed brick, perfect lighting and lots of booth seating, it had more of a sexy wine bar feel than a dive bar.  When I think of dive bar, I think of the Levee, I think of crappy bathrooms with doors that don't lock, I think of crappy beer that's super cheap... you get the idea.  They have a really nice selection of draft beer. Something for everyone and its mostly microbrews, which is most appreciated.  I ended up ordering a vodka soda, which was absolutely perfect.  The bartender on Saturday night, Cody, pours by far the best mixed drink I've ever had in NYC.  My fiance, who was a bartender for many years, watched him make my drink and told me "now that's how its done" and even tried my drink to confirm it was perfect, which it was.  So many bartenders can't mix a damn vodka soda.  It's either too strong or too light.  So thank you Cody for making my night.  Also, Cody was the best barteder ever!  He was SO freaking attentive and the best multitasker I've ever seen.  He was the only one working and he handled it like it was no big deal.  I never went w/out a drink.  He made sure my friends and I were taken care of.  He was funny and chatted with us when he had a chance.  The bar was rather busy, but he was on it.  So impressed! The music was awesome, a ton of oldies.  The whole experience was just great.  We drank, we hung out, we had a blast and it seemed like only locals came here, which is fine by me.  I like avoiding the douchebags that have infiltrated the area, trying to see where hipsters hang out and the next place to be featured on Girls.  So bullshit.  Which is the opposite of this place.  I'll definitely be coming back again, especially on a Saturday night to enjoy a perfect vodka soda.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,11/14/2013,167,364,5,5,3>I'm not fakin' when I say I love their fake bacon. facon?The food here is stellar. The guac, summer rolls and avocado BLT and chipotle wraps  are phenomenal. Oh, and if you want to gain 5 pounds go for the peanut bomb cake!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,11/13/2013,2946,2194,11,10,11>From the pool table to Big Buck Hunter to photo booth strips pasted on the walls, I don't know what makes this bar an abbey. There's probably a back-story I'm missing.But who cares? At the Abbey you'll experience the BEST Irish car bomb pour this side of the Hudson. Thank you bartender Sam[1].Even if you're not looking for cheap drinks, this dimly-lit setting is perfect for a conversation with a date. Especially if that conversation involves a little French[2]. If you're feeling anti-social, don't worry, there are TV screens to keep you company, and they never judge.[1] Who also introduced me to Powers whiskey, and probably a spiral into hell.[2] If you plan on going overboard - and you know when you are - please get a room.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,11/12/2013,124,227,5,4,5>How do I love Canal Bar, let me count the ways!1) Its got a small, dark interior that makes you feel comfortable and at home. 2) Its got a huge, open back patio for when you want to see the light of day.3) Drinks are affordable and the entire staff is friendly in the most kick ass way. 4) Its a CHICAGO BEARS BAR. I feel like I should type every possible keyword that associates with that because when you are searching for a Bears bar in NYC, it is NOT easy! Okay so what do I mean by Bears bar anyway? Day to day Canal Bar is just regular ole awesome, but on Bears game days it becomes Chicago central. They show the game on every tv, including on a large wall in the backyard while its still nice out, and they play the sound nice and loud. There's a great Bears crowd that gathers weekly, cheers the team and sings the fight song, and generally has a wonderful time together. Not to mention, at half time they grill up real Chicago hot dogs, and they're free! But don't go trying to hone in on our dogs if you're cheering for the other team, no dogs for you!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,8/24/2012,136,150,5,9,7>Three years ago, when I was moving back to New York from Texas, if you would've told me that one of my favorite bars in Brooklyn was going to be a Texas themed one, I would've Texas two-stepped all over your Yankee ass.  The odd thing about South is that it manages to be a perfect bar without being at all Southern in feel. They certainly try to make it feel Southern -- the walls are adorned with photos of Gruene Hall and Texas license plates -- but aside from that, by all appearances, it's every other Brooklyn bar, complete with edison light bulbs, buck hunter, and tattooed sexpots pouring drinks. But that's where the similarities end. One thing that's easy to overlook when you're tossing back $2 PBR's under the twinkling glow of christmas lights is how much effort goes into a truly great bar. Yes, South has grilled cheese. Yes, South has free popcorn. Any bar can have both. What differentiates South is that the staff always keeps your popcorn bowl full. That simple trademark is a subtle indication of a much more fundamental, underlying culture that lends itself to every other aspect of the bar and makes South a slam dunk for 5 stars - they give a shit here. I could speculate as to why they do, or why they spend so much time keeping the bar clean, or why the service is so consistently good, but all of that is irrelevant. All you need to know is this: there is a special place in South Park Slope that's as close to a guaranteed good time as a bar in the world can get. So throw on your Davy Crockett coonskin hat and head over to South for some grilled cheese and cold beer. You'll be glad that you did.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,8/23/2012,120,133,1,6,2>This is a great neighborhood gem. We came here on Monday night for dinner. Reservations were made on the spur on open table. So that was easy. It's a big enough restaurant and will be great for a weekend brunch. They have outdoor seating. The ambiance is casual and cozy. We were seated right away. Soon I was looking at a 20 page wine list. They have an excellent selection of wine. You can order by the glass which costs anywhere between 10 - 14$ all the way to a $400 wine bottle. I was definitely impressed with the variety. Since both of us decided to not drink that night we went straight to ordering the food. Once we placed the order for dinner, we were served with bread. The bread was sourdough and it was delicious specially because it had just come out of the oven. It was hot and tasty. Here is what we ordered:Heirloom Beet Salad: frisée, toasted hazelnuts, crème fraîche vinaigrette - The salad was scrumptious. Not at all over dressed and very delicious. A well done salad. The hazelnut added the perfect crunch. The corn soup was very light too. Even though it had crème fraîche, it was not at all heavy. Lovely flavors.  Squid Ink Tagliatelle: chipotle pepper, gulf shrimp, pancetta - We ordered the half portion of this pasta without the pancetta. Was a good choice. Had some bold flavors. There was a subtle amount of spice and the portion size was perfect. Swiss Chard Raviolini: seasonal mushrooms, sage, pine nuts - Half portion. I was absolutely blown away by the flavors of this raviolini. It was super delicious. There was strong lemon flavor in the background and i generally don't like tangy things, but this was complementing the mushrooms and the pasta sauce perfectly. Overall a lovely dish. Would def. order it again.Desert: Chocolate Brioche Pudding- caramel ice cream - I was a little disappointed with the Brioche pudding. It was nothing like a pudding. Rather it reminded me of a chocolate lava cake. We even asked the server and she confirmed that it was made out of Brioche. The flavors were ok, not bad but this is not what we had in mind when we ordered it. The caramel ice cream was good. Overall, i liked the food and would definitely come back here. I believe they use local ingredients and their brunch is great too. The bill was under $70. Slightly on the expensive side, considering we had only half portions of the pasta. But the food quality was great so worth every penny!! P.S. - If you book them through open table for dinner, they do not let you change the reservation after 6pm on open table. So you have to call in to make any changes to the reservation. But the restaurant is accommodating and gladly canceled our reservation on another occasion.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,8/22/2012,19,42,4,5,3>It was over 100 degrees on Wednesday. It was 2pm. I could not bring myself to eat anything all day. As I walked down Court I could feel the h2o in my body evaporating.I stopped at Darna as if if were an oasis. It is, the mint iced tea was perhaps the most refreshing thing in the universe. It tastes a bit of orange blossom and/or hibiscus too. The felafel always is on the spot. I must confess thats all I ever have when I go. The food is freshly prepared and an excellent value. The place seems to be operated by a family and everyone I have encountered there is very friendly. Great to have them in the 'hood.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,8/21/2012,178,500,11,8,7>So after two years of walking by this corner unit reminiscent of the meeting spot for the Polish Mafia, I decided to try it out.It was quiet on a Tuesday night around 730. A little menu beckons you in, but the jokes on them! I have already looked them up online and found a very cumbersome website replete with almost midi classical music and a insane 3d seating chart in addition to the menu. The bar here is very cool. Big and woody, as a Steakhouse bar should be. The seats are angled out as to emit an welcoming feeling. We sit at the bar and immediately start chatting with the waitress/bartender.I get a Zywiec and I get it, more important I get a compliment on my pronunciation of this commonly misspoken brand. "most people are saying zie vek, or zeewitz and I am feeling bad and saying I am sorry but I do not know that type of drink" The 35 going on 20 year old waitress laments. She is humming the Zero 7 song playing on the radio, this will be the most normal song of the night, although each will be recognizable.What should we get?"Scallops" yells a guy in a white jacket down the bar."He is really, um PROUD, of the scallops" she says, OK, we better get em, and a Burger too. she walks away, turns back and shoots me a disclaimer, "its huge"Food was very tasty, the best part was the presentation and attention to detail. Done like a super expensive restaurant, but they have the formula down that it doesn't look like they are trying too hard. Well done."Come back for lunch, smaller portions, but we have smaller waitress"It was a joke, but well timed. We laugh. And as I approach the exit, the white person lounge version of Me and Mrs. Jones accompanies me. I think to myself, good food, good service, not TOO Polish, and shazam the SHIT outta this song.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/20/2012,13,44,5,9,7>I had my birthday party at Full Circle Bar a few months back and it was off. the. hook. The bartenders were super nice and friendly, and they were able to accommodate us vegetarians by cooking up the veggie dogs we provided. I would totally recommend this place if you're looking for a chill bar, or if you want to re-live the glory days of Chuck E. Cheese, sans animatronic bears and pizza. With enough drinks you may even see talking bears and pizza. I highly recommend this joint!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,8/19/2012,25,283,3,4,4>Total mishmosh of South American, Mexican, and kitsch/pop cultures: really lightweight, epic earrings from Venezuela, oil-drum sculptures from Haiti, muerte skulls, beads, books, and clothing. Alex is just a perfect shop owner--talkative, outgoing, full of stories and unheard-of helpful, with genuinely great recommendations. Not pushy at all, just a sweet and lively guy. He also has one of the best Barcelona-born accents I've ever heard. My mom had a great time speaking with him and found earrings that she loves, if that adds cred on the woman front. If you need a gift for just about anyone's house or life, you'll find it here.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/18/2012,1506,3350,5,6,8>Brownstone Poets 2012 Anthology poetry recitation was hosted in Cobble Hill, Brooklyn's delightful community bookstore, BookCourt.With great honor I had the pleasure to recite my poem published in an anthology at BookCourt where it resonates a sweet delight for the flow connects to be engrossed and great passionate enthusiasm with books.  I still enjoy a good quality written book, never care for the Kindle.  Staff is very attentive and helpful.  Price is reasonable.  Unfortunately there is a very limited choice for journals and notebooks for as a poet, journal writer and active Yelper it is imperative for me to write.A single facility exist in a clean atmospheric condition.  Space in the main room is plentiful to contain our fifty plus gargantuan group for a reading.  The microphone on the podium is tricky but emits good quality acoustics.  Temperature is comfortable as the air conditioning is fully operational.  Family friendly enironment where there is a children's department.  BookCourt is a shiny example of what a community bookstore hones a community to gather for the passion of intellect books.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,8/17/2012,100,11,3,4,5>I am not often moved to write restaurant reviews but this place has me in awe. Un-friggin-real. Some of the best food I have ever eaten - period. The shepherd salad w/cheese? Check. Lamb shish kebab? Double check. The leeks? YES. The kitchen is definitely a well-oiled machine - the food comes out quickly and it's hot and fresh. The wait staff is TOTALLY on their game. I only have one tiny criticism and that is I wish they did rice on their platters instead of pita bread but I can live with that. I hate to say it because we have been loyal Sahara followers for so long but dare I say it? I think the food is actually better at TB. Sorry Sahara - it's been a great and long 10 years but I'm moving on.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,8/16/2012,4,48,4,8,4>Focaccia, Focaccia, FOCACCIA.  Really, that would be enough of a review, but i need to put in extra cheers for this being an innovative food brand.   Flavor is GUARANTEED.Sunday $5 Stoop brunches are delightful.  Chai Caramel Sticky Buns+vanilla+black pepper+ vinegar-ed blueberries= wham bam punch in the mouth giddyness.  If you ever see them selling soup, get that too.  It will probably be one of the best soups you'll ever have.  Even vegans can have a good time here.Seriously, this is a great group of people turning out seasonal, relevant & respectful food.  The owner should probably buy stock in olive oil--many of the gorgeous breads are dripping with the stuff.  Come to think of it, everything there is dripping with good stuff.  I love a place that doesn't skimp on the luxuries.Cash only & no indoor space, take your goods to the nearby park at Greene & Marcy & get carnal away from prying eyes.  Your taste buds will thank you.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,8/15/2012,26,87,2,4,2>It's been said before, but I'll say it again: Get The Polenta.I have no idea how they get it so rich and creamy, nor do I want to know.  But, it is by far, far and above, the best polenta I've ever tasted.  Five stars.If you want to take someone out on a stellar date:1. Grab the two window seats in the front of the restaurant so that you can people watch.2. Order two glasses of Lambrusco.3. Order the polenta and the broccoli rabe (b/c the broccoli rabe is pretty damn good too, with its anchovies and breadcrumbs and egg, dang!)4. Maybe a few more Lambruscos. You will impress, guaranteed.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,7/24/2012,62,21,22,11,9>Do or Dine adds something really special to the neighborhood - an actual culinary ADVENTURE.  Eating here is like going on a journey, and it takes you to some really special places.I've been twice - after going the first time, I loved it so much I went back a few days later.  They do things with food you wouldn't expect - I have a sneaking suspicion the menu is the brainchild of some really good chefs, a shit-ton of weed, and some excited yelling of expletives. ("Hey, let's devil an egg with bacon... AND THEN FUCKING TEMPURA BATTER IT AND DEEP FRY IT."  "You know what would make this donut from Dough even better?  FILL IT WITH SOME FUCKING FOIS GRAS.")  Everything I've eaten has been weird, but all the food has ranged from good (the Nippon Nachos, which were just tasty) to the f'ing sublime (the lamb breast appetizer that literally melted in my mouth and was so good I ate it off the bone with my hands, the duck with kiwi sauce that was like a revelation of flavor).  Even the drinks are great - I had the tequila-based Old Fashioned and the whiskey/ginger beer combination, and both fit in to that really-weird-but-really-good place.Is everything on the menu the best thing I've ever eaten?  No.  But they push boundaries, they experiment, they blend flavor and creativity.  Do Or Dine is an original.  Go eat there.  Bring a bunch of friends so you can order as many different things as possible and then share them.  What are you waiting for?  Do it.  Dine.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,7/23/2012,38,249,9,11,7>I know a lot of your haters won't go to deepest Brooklyn no matter what (except maybe to get wasted during the Mermaid Parade). I happen to enjoy South Brooklyn. Still, Georgian Bread can unite us all.This place is worth the trip. Get a Zipcar. Get on the B/Q. Hell, hitch hike. Georgian Bread is that good.Go. Pick up a piping hot khachipuri (cheese filled delicious pita thing). Enjoy. In fact, get 3 or 4, because these things freeze much like pizza and taste FANTASTIC when you heat them up in the oven for dinner a couple of weeks later. Trust me. I know.Maybe also get some fantastic home made feta to go. And some Georgian condiments. And a loaf or two of bread. After all, you made the journey. Better reward yourself.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,7/22/2012,467,299,9,8,11>"Forget them Wendy, forget them all. Come with me where you'll never, never have to worry about grown up things again."God I wish Peter Pan was talking grown up things such as about decreased metabolism, the inevitable 15 pound weight gain, strenuous work outs... Those grown up things- I NEVER want to worry about. I tell you, there is something about the aroma when you walk in that just melts away any grown up consequences eating one their donuts may have. I choose childhood, and so should you.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,7/21/2012,804,1655,8,10,14>Uh, how do you convince a VEGAN to come to a place like this when the name of the shop is the antithesis of the VEGAN being?Answer:  when you got really cool friends and want to just hang out more with them. Oh, and besides, they have some good VEGGIE options. But I will forewarn you, the options here are very limited for vegetarians and even more so for VEGANS.  Now, I hear their meatballs are spectacular, but I didn't have any.  They have a vegetarian option which is a lentil and walnut meatball, but it has eggs in it.  Bummer. I was able to get a kitchen sink special minus the meatballs on top. It came with fennel, beets, steamed broccoli. All the vegetables were extremely fresh and tasty. I would definitely go back just for this plate. Although this isn't the highlight of the place, but I can make-do. I also really enjoyed their dry erase menus. You just mark off what you like. It reminded me a bit like going to dim sum and it was great to feel like a kid again!Fun times with awesome friends in a hip joint, Hipsterville is awesome!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,7/20/2012,244,1334,3,9,6>Step 1: Take a friend, group of friends, a date, multiple dates, parents, etc, and go to Cantina Royal. Know that you're going to be completely satisfied with your meal.Step 2: Check in on Yelp. Get "one free spicy salsa sampler & tap beer." Getting a free beer is cool enough, but the spicy salsa sampler makes it pretty amazing. You get four different types of salsa that vary in taste and spiciness. Some are deceiving because the spiciness won't kick in until 30 seconds in, so beware! I noticed that I wasn't the only person in the restaurant who had a runny nose from eating these spicy salsas.Note: They give you as many refills of chips as you need.Step 3: Order, and foodgasm. Caldo de Pollo Xochitl (shredded chicken soup with egg, avocado, cheese and side of pico de gallo) is a highly recommended dish. Every ingredient compliments each other without overpowering. And it's great because, although it comes in a large bowl, it isn't super filling, so you can order something else with it.I also got the La Mission (fish filet with jalapeno-cilantro mayo dressing, pico de gallo and flour tortillas), which was delicious as well. It's worth mentioning that the fish isn't fried, in case that's what you are expecting. It comes with a little thing of salad which is tasty too. My boyfriend got the Chistorra (pork sausage with jalapeños and serrano pepper chimichurri with flour tortillas), and he said it's by far one of the best sausages he's ever had. This is a pretty bold statement considering he loves wieners. We got a slice of cheesecake for dessert and it was awesome. Step 4: Leave happy.Step 5: Plan your next trip to Cantina Royal. Repeat.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,7/19/2012,206,143,9,12,10>Signed up for Roberta's tasting menu back in October '11 and finally got a callback for a May reservation.  We had no clue that there was a separate tasting room and were shocked to be led to the spotless new space a half block down from the regular entrance. So suffice it to say the hype train was full steam ahead by the time we sat down.Say what you will about the new space...on the one hand, it feels a bit clinical compared to the charming, DIY rusticity of Roberta's. But I think the idea is that it's really about the food and nothing else. Little touches like the turntable, massive fish head, and super comfortable chairs make it less alienating. Also you have to check out the toilet, it's one of those indecipherable, 50-function Japanese things that I'm too scared to experiment with. There's no question $180 is a stiff entry fee. But on the plus side, you won't be getting B-grade talent prepping your cuisine. They only do tastings if head chef and creative genius Carlo Mirarchi is there. Watching him break down proteins and plate the intricate dishes was something to see. I for one would rather pay the $180 and watch this kitchen at work than suffer through some overblown Broadway production.    The food is as you'd expect: immensely creative, high technique, and hyperexotic ingredients you won't be spotting on freshdirect anytime this century.  Some courses were more unforgettable than others (the funk-laden dry-aged ribeye, in particular, is like nothing I've had before). The service was impeccable for how new this tasting space was...organized, friendly, passionate about the food, and, perhaps most importantly, bringing a fun attitude that ensured everyone had a great time.Why not 5 stars? I felt the wine pairing could be improved. We were told that they were still in the development phase building the cellar, so perhaps it's gotten better in the weeks since. But notwithstanding that, I'll be stunned if Blanca doesn't have a fistful of Michelin stars in its future.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,7/18/2012,598,616,24,19,21>PUMPS!!!!!!! Pumps is right up there for me with Duff's. It's a place I know my friends from back home in Ohio would love - because it's dirty, trashy, and very rock n roll. It's everything yo mama told you not to do in life. And because of this, it is perfect. There is an electric sign over the bar that says, "if you ain't got no money, take your broke ass home," or something like that. Drinks ARE too expensive, but then it's a bar with strippers, so what do you expect. None of the strippers are particularly hot, either, which only adds to the charm of Pumps. When I was here for my cousin's birthday, one of the strippers was doing a terrible job of hiding the fact that she was about 5 or 6 months pregnant. Just sayin. No one hassles you here, which is nice, but if you sit at the bar, the strippers will shove their titties in your face and insist that you put a dollar there. I was pretty broke when we were here, so I stayed away from the bar, which is a nice option to have. My drunken birthday-boy cousin spent much time picking out the stripper he wanted to give him a lap dance... not that there was a plethora of awesomess to choose from, which made it even better... and I think that may have been his favourite birthday present. Way to be thirty, you dirty old man. :D Pumps is the best! Beat lookin' strippers with bad tattoos and outdated lingere, a mix of shady/hip/random clientele, and a location where, if you don't want anyone to know where you are... they won't. I love this place.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/17/2012,38,109,18,13,10>If you've ever made your own pasta from scratch, you know that there's nothing quite like it. It is a taste and texture that no dried pasta can emulate. You also know that it's a gigantic pain in the *** to make and, if you're anything like me, you end up covered in flour looking like Tony Montana after he buries himself in that pile of coke on his desk. The good news is that Russo's eliminates the need to make your own pasta. Seriously, their frozen pasta is nearly indistinguishable from fresh, hand made pasta. I'd say it's about 95% as good as hand made which means it's well worth avoiding the headache of making your own and instead heading to Russo's to pick some up.Being the renaissance man that I am, I have also dabbled in hand crafting cheese. More specifically, I once made what was supposed to be mozzarella but ended up tasting like solid milk. If you've never experienced milk in a solid form, don't bother with it, it's really not that good. Apparently this whole cheese making thing is something of an art. But Russo's solves this problem as well. They sell heavenly little rounds of house made mozzarella that are perfect for salads, appetizers, or just eating on its own if that's your thing.Russo's is easily my first destination when I'm trying to throw together an Italian meal. Drop those bags of dried pasta and head to Russo's next time. You can tell 'em John sent you and they'll stare at you with a puzzled look and charge you full price. But you'll be happy nonetheless.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,7/15/2012,266,920,7,9,7>There are hundreds of Italian expressions about love, from "Quando chiudo gli occhi vedo solo te" (When I close my eyes I see only you) to "I miei sensi sono pieni di te" (My senses are filled with you).  But Italians also express their love of life in other ways, from art and fashion to sports and design.  And, of course, food.Caramello is a newly-opened expression of love from owner Nicoletta, whose family has been cranking out Canada's best-rated gelato for four generations in the Little Italy section of Vancouver. It's a bakery meets cafe meets gelaterie and she's now open for business on the stroller-filled sidewalks of Park Slope.In the iced treats department, you'll find sorbets (around 12 on display) and gelato (around 20), with a rotating cast of 100 flavors.  Sorbets are made with a fruit base while gelato is made with milk.  And these are made with skill, on site.The true mark of excellent gelato is the ingredients.  To save costs, some makers use syrups.  Nicoletta uses real, locally sourced organic ingredients and it shows in the results.  My stracciatella was a one-two punch of chocolate and vanilla while a scoop of mint chocolate might cause some mothers to abandon their children in the streets.  If you ever made suicide drinks at 7-11, the sorbet called Frutti di Bosco is similar in spirit... an amalgamation of fruits and berries like no other flavor in the world.  Scoops are available in cups or cones, and no you can't bring a bucket, Oprah.As for the bakery aspect, the shelves were beginning to fill with tarts, cakes, pies and other sweets.  I'm told that soon they will also offer Focaccia sandwiches and some sort of custom waffle service.  Enough already.   This is no longer loving but downright molestation.  I work for an Italian company and when I visit them in Milan, we have to stop every 5 minutes for a coffee.  This is true.  And it's probably why most Italians are thin and fashionable despite the plethora of sweets:  their engines are burning with high octane caffeine.  So it comes as no surprise that Caramello has what is essentially a Ferrari-like coffee machine/grinder setup.  It's a massive machine that cranks out delightfully tiny cups of beaned goodness. There's a half dozen or so tables inside and a back patio under construction.  But really, if you're like me, you'll spend the whole time standing around and looking at what's behind the glass displays.  Times Square no longer has peep shows.  They are now in Park Slope.  Come here to enjoy some awesome treats, some go go juice or pretend you're escaping to Italy... just close your eyes and fill up your senses at Caramello.But don't blame me if your sweet tooth is fondled.  You've been warned.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/14/2012,209,892,6,6,7>I rarely, if ever, venture into Bushwick unless there's promise of fun. I was promised by the delightful Vivian H dancing and cheap booze so naturally, I couldn't say no! I was feeling baller so the $10 cover charge didn't deter me - I was in great company after all!The space is big, people friendly, vibe is laid back and the house music keeps you moving. The booze selection is limited but hey, it is a warehouse party in hipster-ville.Although I usually don't like to dance to house music, I did have a lot of fun so I'm giving it 4 stars.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,8/31/2014,168,363,5,10,7>Please don't let my cat know that I come here to look at the other patrons' dogs. (yes, it's dog friendly like Bar Great Harry [same owners])So many beer selections, and that's a great thing. Check out their website for the daily featured beers because it rotates. I'm happy they have Founders IPA (Yea, Michigan!). Good vibe, nice crowd of folks, slightly dark inside, but the front door and windows are open in the summer, which sheds some light. It's totally a place where you can come here solo and sit at the bar and watch the game or come here with a few friends for happy hour (2p-7p M-F).Beer and dogs....really, what more could one want?
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,8/30/2014,37,65,4,6,5>sour cherry baklava!  turkish coffee!  This is my new addiction....I can't seem to resist this everytime I am in the neighborhood, and I thank my fellow yelpers for turning me onto this spot.I also really enjoyed the spinach bureka.  It doesn't have cheese, which is a plus in my book, since I'm limiting the dairy these days.  But it also doesn't need it, because the spinach has a little bit of spice and a lot of flavor, and the pastry itself is delectably flaky.I'm looking forward to trying the simit (the thin bagel).  Beware that the turkish coffee is good, but the other coffee drinks seem to be Nescafe and are nothing special.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,8/29/2014,79,539,2,5,5>The price is high but it's some of the best ice cream I've had recently. I paid like $6 bucks for two scoops but the cannoli flavor and the chocolate were delicious, unique and honestly, kinda worth it. The line was out the door due to the nice weather though I can imagine it's like that all summer. A nice treat if you're going to be walking around the area...
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,8/28/2014,4,31,12,6,5>For Sacred...my review in haiku:i felt depletedlife force sucked right out of methanks corporate desk jobthen Sacred Rescue!heart is open thighs burnin'third eye new businessSacred is partnerspirit and body partnertry it you'll love it
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/27/2014,39,67,3,5,3>This place is a cute hole in the wall with a backyard (hence the name). The atmosphere is laid back and casual. Inside you will find a small bar and about a handful of tables. This is a great place to meet a friend for brunch.I went with a large group of 12 on a late Sunday afternoon. Our party took up the complete back end of the backyard. The outdoor seating is cozy and has a relaxing ambiance. The weather was beautiful on this day so it made the experience that much better!We made a "reservation" and when we got there, our table wasn't ready. When we were finally seated, there weren't enough seats. Our kind waitress pulled tables and umbrellas together to create a comfortable place to eat. Mimosas were served 1/4 of the way full in a 16oz wine glass. As the rounds of mimosas kept rolling in, the glasses became 1/2 way full and then 3/4 full (I promise this is not the mimosas talking). Very strange! Anyway, the food was delicious. About $12-16 per dish. The phat stackz is an AMAZING cardiac attack on a plate - pancakes, bacon, eggs and cheese... YUM! Minor inconveniences but I would return.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,8/26/2014,171,153,5,8,7>I love love love Emily's!! As far as specialty pies go, I'd have to say that Emily's takes the cake, or I guess I should say, pie when it comes to my fave in Brooklyn! I dream about and regularly crave their namesake pizza, the Emily! Oh-My-God, this pizza is unreal-- mozzarella, pistachios, truffle and honey makes for the perfect combination of salty, savory and sweet. I've had other pizzas with similar ingredients, however, never as well executed as Emily's-- the perfect ratio of truffle and honey.  I really can't even handle how much I love this pizza. The Colony is another good, unique choice and I love the balance between spicy(pickled chili) and sweet(honey). As far as their classic goes, it was good, but not the best I've ever had. They also have pasta dishes, with pasta made fresh from Sfoglini Pasta Shop. The cavatelli was soooo delicious! Mmm.lemon, ricotta and poppy combined to make an insanely flavorful bowl of pasta. I loved that the lemony flavor really came through without being overpowering.As far as dessert goes, the S'mores Calzone is  AMAZING. I must preface this by saying that, s'mores might be one of my favorite treats so I am partial to loving this dessert. Mmmm the dough is perfectly charred with crumbled graham cracker crust and it comes oozing with marshmallow and chocolate--d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s!!!I'm pretty sure I could eat the Emily and S'mores calzone every day and live a very happy life.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/25/2014,56,130,9,7,6>Do or Dine is perfect. Everything about it is perfect. On a Sunday afternoon I decided to partake in a drunk brunch at this fine establishment. Now the company I was with was not the best, they were super condescending to be honest. Do or Dine managed to make up for that with their amazing food, drinks and oh yeah they have outdoor seating, my favorite. I ordered a few IPAs so when my food arrived I was feeling pretty saucy. At first I was disappointed while looking at my burger, no cheese. Well then I took a bite... OMFG!!!! There was cheese inside the burger, not just cheese, but tons of cheese, it was pretty much the best burger I've ever had. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food as well. Other things I love about Do or Dine... the service was very friendly and our waitress was on top of making sure we had everything we needed. The decor was cute and hello the name is flipping amazing! If you have not been here you need to stop what you are doing right now and go there NOW!!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,8/24/2014,34,100,5,4,5>I was surprised at how much I liked this place. I'm not normally a sucker for mixology cocktails but the way the bar is arranged and the sheer gusto of the bartenders shaking away at those tumblers made me want one. The cocktail I had (which had some funky name that ended in a plural) had at least 10 ingredients and tasted like the sun coming out of the clouds when you're on a hike. Very earthy and light. (It was a gin, cucumber, something). Prices are here are super reasonable. All the fancy cocktails are $10 but during happy hour on M-F they're all $8. Pretty nice.Also- the colors of this bar and layout are very interesting. Lots of light blue, yellow and wood- very easy, friendly vibe. Probably the perfect place to tell someone you just like them as a friend...
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/23/2014,116,655,4,11,7>Take Root offers an affordable, quality tasting menu in a casual, yet intimate environment. This cozy storefront turns into a 14 seat gourmet experience three nights a week at the expert hands of Elise and Anna. Reservations are a must. The only "con" is the location which is a hike from the subways and has tricky street parking - but that means there should be more tables for me!Perry L. and I opted to try Take Root for our staycation special meal. I love tasting menus - the variety, the beautiful plating, the clever flavor pairings you would have never imagined. Tasting menus are an invitation to open your palate's horizons and you don't have to lift a finger or make any decisions!We entered Take Root in the middle of a downpour, wet and not a little grumpy. We were ten minutes late because the walk took longer than we thought. Ana greeted us warmly when we entered, the last party of the evening, and happily took our sopping wet umbrellas and got us a drink.  (They do offer several wines, but opted for Boylan's ginger ale.) The intimate homey environment allowed us to relax, chill out after our hectic walk, and enjoy the soundtrack to a pleasant evening. The dress code is lax for a meal so fine - many of us were in jeans, a few in blazers or dresses. A pair were having an anniversary meal. The largest group was a table for 6 - I would guess the largest party they could accommodate at one table is 8. The courses are paced well and portions are small, but for eleven different dishes, there was plenty of food without feeling like a stuffed turkey at the end. Every dish was plated with care and Elise takes time to explain each dish's ingredients. She also was cognizant of the allergies we wrote in our reservation (she can't make too many substitutions, but she will leave things out if you may have problems). The courses:Malt vinaigrette potato croquette with caviarRadishes with ramp yogurt and chicken skin saltFennel and black garlic encrusted sweetbreadsFresh loaf of bread with whipped brown butterCured asparagus in macadamia olive oil soup with coriander blossomsMorels with hickory smoked musselsSpring green pea tortellini with chocolate mint leavesHudson valley duck with chickweed and sweet onion puree and lobster sauceGala apples with goat milk emulsionCoffee mouse w/ toasted coconut, lucky sorrel, and chocolate ganacheChamomile shortbread sandwich cookie with milk jam (caramel)Each dish was incredible. I enjoyed every single one of them. And Elise and Anna pour a lot of love into their work together, which seals the deal for me!They are in the New York Times here:  nytimes.com/2013/08/28/dI would recommend Take Root wholeheartedly for a special meal. Maybe a proposal in Brooklyn Bridge Park, then a lovely meal here. Or celebrating a parent's milestone birthday. Take Root's $85 tasting menu isn't cheap for an average meal, but for a tasting menu of this caliber and for the right occasion, I find it well worth it.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/22/2014,72,160,6,9,6>OK, I'm going to put it out there, its kinda weird to advocate visiting a cemetery as an activity, but that's just what I'm doing so deal with it!As a native New Yorker, it shames me that I had not nor did I attempt to go to Green-Wood until I noticed how pretty it looked when I visited the Time Warner across from one of the entrances (not joking).  If you can get over (or relish in) the fact that its a cemetery, you start to really enjoy the beautiful grounds, the ancient looking trees, the koi ponds, and the graves.  Obviously be respectful, quiet, and don't forget that your surrounded by dead people, but it makes for an excellent outdoor activity that feels secret squirrel-like, especially if you try and locate the famous people buried here.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,7/3/2012,200,106,4,11,5>There is a pretty substantial Eastern European population in Bay Ridge, including my family, so its always nice to have restaurants like Polonica around. Its your no nonsense, strictly Polish home cooking type of place.Good-to-know tidbits... Its cash only and there is no alcohol on the menu. You can, however, bring your own booze, which is typical of restaurants like these on Brighton. The owner did specify its a bottle per person max, so that's something to keep in mind. I went two doors down to a Polish grocery store for some beer. If you want something authentic, I recommend getting a bottle of Lech or Zywiec.Food... I ordered cheese and potato pierogi (about $6). There are 7 pieces, your choice of fried or boiled, and they come with fried onions and sour cream. For the entree, I ordered stuffed chicken breast (about $10) with mushrooms and potatoes. The mushroom sauce was amazing but the chicken was sadly too dry. I do recommend their stuffed cabbage, though. That is really delicious. I also tried their Ukrainian borsht and was pleasantly surprised! Much closer to home cooked than my frightful experience at the Russian Tea Room a few months back. This place is really a gem, must try!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,7/2/2012,11,54,4,6,5>In one word? Delectable. I went here tonight with my Dad and we had the most amazing food. I'm of middle eastern desent, but didn't really know much about Yemeni food as its really different from what a lot of folks idea of it might be. We had the Haneeth (roast lamb) and Agda Lamb (boneless lamb stew) w/ fresh bread. SO GOOD. I'm drooling right now thinking about it!Both dishes come with Marag (which is a lamb broth) - a good start to a meal on a cold day and also a salad (whatever olive oil they're using is delicious). We also had Shai tea, also uber yummy.Overall, I will definitely come back here as when my mom (the "oh I can make that" kind of cook) had the leftovers, she told me I had to tell her where this place is!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,7/1/2012,82,177,5,11,10>I can't believe this place exists. I thought only places like this existed in the movies or clean cities like Orange County. When I came here I started cursing myself because the park is located about less than 5 minute walk from my job- WHICH, I have been working at for the past two years! A good looking man and I strolled through the park at night for almost 3 hours - it was incredibly soothing, peaceful, and made me forget about almost everything plaguing my mind that day. When you find places like this, you never want to leave. I could have spent the night on the grass if it hadn't been damp and cold!There are a ton of places to sit down so don't worry- you will not be uncomfortably close to anyone you don't want to sit next to. If you walk further down there is a big hill of seats (almost like bleachers at a sports event). The view is great - especially at night when NYC lights up and the sky is clear. I also peeped some small enclaves that you could hide in at night for a little bit of privacy or solitude.Next time I'm definitely bringing a cold one and some tunes and just look across the water and the scene at night.- Get lost in my thoughts. Places like these remind how much of a blessing it is to be alive...
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,6/30/2012,64,50,7,18,6>Onions? Bunions? Corns? This place wont fix that problem, but if your feet are jacked up, this place will do your feet justice. I came here after my BFF referred me 3 yrs ago saying it is very clean. She didn't lie about that. This place is extremely sanitary from the front to the back with light music playing. It has a modern new look with new massage spa chairs when doing the "Diva Pedi Spa Treatment."The other salons in the area are filthy.The Real Deal: There are 6 pedicure stations located at the back if the salon. While getting your pedi, they apply a minty exfoliating gel on both legs, and it is later massaged. After both feet is lotioned, they saran-wrap your feet, apply hot towels on each foot to lock in moisture and add extra softness. A mini massage after. The ladies leave your heels feeling spectacular with sparkling toenails.The owner Mr. Jin is very kind and maintains the salon in tip-top shape. There's constant cleaning so there's no nail clippings left on the floor, dust, or lint. I've put acrylic on my natural nails and Mr. Jin takes care of that. Only downside is that the past two times I've been goingto him to cut my cuticles, he took so much it started bleeding-- womp womp.-4 stars for the Mani, but 5 stars for the Pedi-
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,6/29/2012,479,339,5,7,6>An ex boyfriend of 6.5 years was a hardcore rockclimber and overestimated my carefree ability to climb....on real rocks. Needless to say, I was pretty traumatized and never rockclimbed outdoors ever again. Fast forward four years, I notice the everlasting excitement among close friends  when they talk about bouldering or rockclimbing (both outdoors and in a rocklimbing gym) and I, too, want to join in on the fun. I wanted to feel safe...I wanted to be learning with another newbie...which meant that I needed to go with a friend versus a boyfriend. Enter Danielle S. I invite her in early December to check out this Learn to Boulder class. It's $45 and includes a half hour lesson, an all-day pass, rental shoes, and chalk. We take a Saturday evening class. The place is a bit packed.((Sidenote: I grew up with two younger brothers...and they have many guy friends. The most distinct smell from boys is stinky feet, socks and shoes. Gross, right?! Well, be prepared for that aroma. But don't worry, you eventually get used to it. Haha.))The class is announced over the loudspeaker. It's inaudible but we figure it out. Luckily, the class does not start without us. There are a few other newbies with us. The instructor is nice, pushes you a little but not too much, and gives you pointers...which is SO helpful. Danielle and I travel around the gym and try different V0 problems. We are definite fans. :)I have been one other time since...and I would go more often if it wasn't so expensive. :(  Seriously, I would...it's a five-minute walk away from my casa.  Note:+ Try to get there as early as possible to get your money's worth...the fewer people there, the more space you have to climb about.+ Be prepared for a bit of soreness that day or the next day.+ There are lockers available so bring a lock to store your stuff.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,6/28/2012,263,437,6,8,5>Venturing off to a new place to getcha Vitamin Champagne fix can be a little terrifying.  What if the ratio of champagne to juice is disproportionate? What if they have a propensity to skimp on topping you off?  Will they give me the side eye when my voice goes up a few octanes after a few mimosas?  Will they judge me?On a beautiful Sunday afternoon we wanted to brunch as ladies of leisure deserve.  Other places had a ridiculous long wait so someone suggested going to Beast where they have unlimited mimosas if you sit at the bar.  I've been here several times and have always enjoyed myself but had never brunched here.  I didn't think there would be 5 seats at the bar, but lo and behold, the brunch gods hooked us up. The bar setup isn't necessarily conducive for the amount of people we had, but whatevs, you Tim Gunn it, and make it work.  The bartenders were great.  They were extremely on top off refilling our drinks, we never felt rushed even when we were lingering around trying to figure out just how much mimosa our bellies could hold. It's also important to point out that we engaged in serious discourse as we waited for our food with one of the bartenders.  Not everyone can have a succinct and poignant convo about the rise and fall of Lil' Kim.  What? What?  And the food.  Oh that delicious, decadent food.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and I formed a crush with my polenta and rock shrimp with chorizo.  I was completely sold on the brunch when my friend's plate was prematurely taken away.  With a look of despair and sadness on her face, the bartender apologized and put in another order free of charge to replace her scraps.  Dassss It! What a pleasant place to enjoy Sunday brunch with friends.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,6/27/2012,1231,1149,11,11,9>This is my GO TO spot on Saturday afternoons... Whenever i'm out with my "Elite Bestie" the night before. This place wakes me up from whatever daze i'm in. The food here is definitely a pick me up with an extra kick. The day always starts out by waking up on the couch around 11am then hauling ass at noon. When I mean hauling ass, I mean walking across the street. Literally. This place is like haven for hangovers. The cure is in the food.I do recommend starting off with a Molé Chicken Tamale. ($1.50) This will get the taste buds in check. The tamales are freshly made and steaming hot inside the corn husks. No sauce needed. It's full of flavor and it's actually making my mouth water right now...What I usually get is the Huevos Rancheros. ($5) This doesn't have meat, but for you carnivores. I do have something especially for you guys... I usually get the Huevos con Chorizo. ($5) It's scrambled eggs with sliced chorizo. They aren't shy either on the meat. So there is plenty of chorizo to go around.You too can eat well and cure your hangover for under $8.Antojitos Mexicanos... You NEVER FAIL me...
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/26/2012,142,185,2,7,6>The oysters. The mussels. The lobster roll. The pea shoot salad. Go to this restaurant and order these things!!!The ambiance is perfect for a little date night or to have a night out with the girls.The service was perfect. Not intrusive. Yet always there at the right time.They closed at 11...we got there a little after 10 and the restaurant was still pretty full...no one rushed us...and even when we were leaving we felt as tho they'd be happy to pour us another drink and have us stay.$2-$4.50 per oyster with 6 or so different kinds...they were out of 2 of the varieties by the time we got there but the others that we tried were so perfectly delicious.Can't wait to go back!!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,6/25/2012,157,68,5,11,7>I can definitely say Govinda's offers the best vegan Indian food in Brooklyn.*  $6-$8 will fill your hungry lunchtime belly to the bursting point with creative, homemade Indian dishes that change daily.  Everything is served cafeteria style by a sweet, smiley lady.Entrees range from nut "meat" loaf, chana masala, quinoa salad, lentil daal, vegan eggplant parmesan, curried kale, etc.  The slices of raisin bread they serve are free and go great with the daal.  They also have free mango lemonade for all customers, but it usually runs out by around 3pm.  The lunch buffet is open until 3:30pm on weekdays only.Govinda's makes food that my grandma would make if she were Indian.  It tastes so homemade, unique, and infused with thought, love, and care. I would love to meet the head chef and thank him for creating such unique Indian dishes that are delicious and always perfectly spiced.Thank you, Govinda's, for giving me a lunch option other than Two Bros or Subway!*In Manhattan, that title goes to the NY Dosa cart near NYU.  Thiru (the cart owner and chef) is the man!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/24/2012,134,153,2,7,6>This place is the architectural equivalent of a warm hug. I was here last Sunday for brunch w/ some gal pals and was immediately impressed with the smiling faces that greeted me as well as the fun/charming interiors. It was if the inspiration of the interiors were sunflowers and smiles ... seriously. Just light/airy/tangelo-colored happiness. No joke: The place will make you happy.The food also seems determined to love you. I was a bit "eh" at the thought of vegetarian cuisine (since I was starving) but the complimentary cinnamon rolls and my "Iron Man" MOB more than filled the void. Fresh and hearty! The waiter suggested the Chamomile/Honey Wine to my buzz-seeking group. It was completely refreshing and my little party of three easily finished the generous carafe. The service all around was stellar, and the outside garden was cute and lively.I really can't say enough good things about it, and I will most certainly be back. What a find!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,6/23/2012,101,112,6,9,11>Caracas is a brilliant business concept, especially for a neighborhood like Williamsburg. It is a bar, strategically located on bustling Grand Street, AND it's a restaurant, serving up foodcart-style fare which is cheap, very tasty, and FILLING (read: good drunk food).  The atmosphere is also very pleasant and attractive, with excellent service and a beautifully decorated garden area, making it a popular daytime lunch spot as well.  Add to all of this an amazing and delicious house hot sauce that is like liquid crack and IS for sale in bottles to take home (finally a place that gets it!), makes this a winning combination.  This is how to keep a business open and running during a tough economic climate.  I've been coming and ordering from here for years.Now, as far as the arepas go, very tasty, delicious, but could be made better if the arepa were traditionally fried instead of baking them, which causes the shell to be tougher on the outside than it should be.  The reason they do this is probably to keep the heftily-stuffed contents inside and intact, but it makes the arepa less flavorful.  However, the contents have so much flavor (albeit some have a kind of greasy goodness) as to make this forgivable.Hard to believe, but the best, most flavorful arepa on the menu is a vegetarian option; the La Del Gato (guyanés cheese, fried, sweet plantains and avocado).  Sweet, salty, soft goodness.  I like many of the other selections, but I have to fight myself to keep from ordering this one.We came here for a weekday lunch recently after trying to get seated in Dokebi and standing there way too long without a waitress in sight.  (Dokebi seems to have staffing issues) Caracas on the other hand was bustling, the friendly servers were there immediately to seat us and fixed us up with drinks right away.The recommendation for my Cocada coconut milk shake was to add rum to it, so I tried that and my girl was right on.  The coconut is not sickeningly sweet...it is just right, with a touch of cinnamon and the tummy warming rum (is it wrong to be craving a rum drink at 9:00 in the morning, as I'm writing this?).  Great summer drink.  My friend had the Camburada (banana milk shake, touch of cinnamon), and it was equally good.I can't speak for cross contamination here, but I'm going to say this is pretty safe for most of us Gluten Intolerant folk, and I'm going to add this review to my list.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,6/22/2012,109,129,2,7,6>I'm so happy to use my 100th review for my absolute favorite sushi spot in BK!Let me frame this will my preferences: I LOVE creative sushi rolls. I also really love totally plain sashimi, but I think it's fun to see what cool combos a sushi chef will come up with for their special rolls. Jpan knocks this ball out of the park.  I am slowly but surely working my through the whole page of them and have not had a miss yet! Sure, there have been some that weren't my taste (the Pheonix is a bit spicy for me) but all have a unique flavor profile and are balanced enough that you can taste each ingredient. To me, that's expertise. Here's just a sampling of tasting notes:Fantastic roll- umami, super rich tasting. Grilled Chilean sea bass w/ lots of avocadoTropical Roll - nice smooth eel & tuna start w/ crisp pineapple finish. Great w/ touch of salty soy sauceJpan Roll - my fave so far! No rice,  so it's just full on raw fish goodness w/ a touch of mango sweet and wasabi drizzle spiceRed Phoenix appetizer - I never like crab stick but this is the perfect use of it as a blank slate background to subtle play of rich white tuna and tangy sauce against bright cilantroSpicy tuna twister- another fave! Regular spicy tuna enveloped in avocado, surrounded by crunch and drizzled. No surprises, all delish. It's the Sushi equivalent to Mac n cheese, predictable but comfortingly yummy.Definitely check out the appetizers too! A lot of them repeat themes from the special rolls but in creative re-interpretations or presentations. Also, the interior is beautiful and service couldn't be sweeter. Amen!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/21/2012,18,222,2,5,4>Piccoli Trattoria fills a perfect niche in this corner of Park Slope. A quiet, slightly upscale, but still neighborly feeling neighborhood Italian restaurant. It's a perfect place to go at the last minute, since it's 6th Avenue location off the beaten track makes a reservation not a necessity, especially on weeknights or off-peak times. The food is definitely good. Some of the must-have items include: mushroom polenta (creamy, with delicate grill marks adding flavor on the polenta), brussels sprouts salad with almonds, fettucini rabbit ragu, tiramisu, any one of the various seafood polentas. The service is polite and the owner is hands on and will personally great you and ask how you enjoyed your meal. The specials, shown on a chalk board in the corner, often have several of the same ingredients in them (example: white asparagus one night, or English peas another night), demonstrating that they buy fresh ingredients with the intent of using them in 1-2 days. Very pleased that a place of such quality opened in a neighborhood that certainly has a quantity of restaurants, but can be hit or miss on quality.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,6/20/2012,31,148,4,10,8>What does one get when they take a Co-founder of Brooklyn Brewery and the Director of the Spirits Education & Mixology for Southern Wine & Spirits (as well as a past chairman for Slow Food America)? You get one hell of a Gin Distillery with a bar attached. In the same vein as Brooklyn Brewery's headquarters in Williamsburg, The Shanty brings something more to one's average bar experience. When a friend in Slow Food U.S.A. invited me to The Shanty for a special look inside a Gin Distillery, the first of it's kind in the area, with a bar attached. I couldn't resist.The ambiance in the bar is both warm and inviting. While the bartender mixes, sets fire and peels citrus, all in making one fine Acerbic Mrs. Parker (Dorothy Parker gin with lemon & hibiscus syrup), you can sit at the bar, in a cozy two/four tabletop or in front of the window overlooking the distillery where the Gin you are drinking was actually brewed.Besides for being a simply amazing bar and venue, Allen (one of the co-founders) gives an amazing tour; describing everything from the recipe development of their gin (and their soon to be available rye whiskey) to how they brew, where they get their yeast from, what gins and whiskeys inspired theirs and so forth and so forth. By the end of the tour, my friend and I were ready to apply to make gin, to simply be a part of this amazing endeavor and the wonderful team that so earnestly wants to make the best damn American Gin and Whiskey. What's more is that The Shanty does not put up airs, that many others in the industry surround their products with. They are a humble group of workers, wanting to make a great product and to bring back America's pride in the liquors we're known for. It's enough to make any patriot shed a sweet gin tear. A must for any liquor connoisseur and especially anyone with a partiality to the best Gin I've tasted in my gin-loving life.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,6/19/2012,92,227,1,5,6>When you speak with folks about the food scene in Park Slope, there are usually a handful of repeat offenders, most - if not all - of which everyone can agree on.  Convivium Osteria is one of those places.The mood is that of a Mediterranean cantina, with exposed brick and stucco walls, copper ornaments, decorations and various utensils adorning the room that you might find in a Spanish or Italian village.  Distressed, but not shabby.  Relaxed, but definitely serious.  Just an all-around great atmosphere and certainly an über romantic date spot (guys and gals, take note!).We started with an order of assorted olives, as well as the braised artichoke.  Both were delicious, but the artichoke was to die for.  Sumptuous, tender like soft butter, with herbed olive oil to dip your bread in at the end.  To say we fought over the last bite is, well...accurate.  We intended to share two entrees, but much to our pleasant surprise, they split the portion of the first dish and served us both, treating it as a distinct course and spacing out the service accordingly.  Tutti perfetto!  We had the malloreddus pasta first, which was served in what I can only describe as a sausage bolognese sauce, and it was outstanding. Cooked al dente, savory and so rich you want to lick the bowl when you're done.  The second dish we had was the rabbit, which was braised with olives, capers and prosciutto, served with crispy polenta wedges.  If you thought the "fight" we had over the last bit of artichoke was bad, this was like WWIII.  Not a cute scene, but I digress.  It was superb.To finish things off, we opted for a chocolate cake with figs baked throughout.  It was dense, rich and moist and paired perfectly with the vintage ruby port we ordered to go with it.  Overall, a great finish to a superlative dining experience.  From the ambiance, to the impeccable service to the incredible product they deliver, this place is firing on all cylinders.  For us, it was well worth the wait and in my opinion, deserving of all the accolades they have received.  For what you get, I'd say this place is also great value.  It is not a cheap meal, but given the attention to detail and the quality, it's money well spent.  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/17/2012,103,107,1,8,4>I have eaten here twice and both times the food was amazing and the service was fantastic.   I am scared of how the Barclay's Center will change this spot because it is a place where you shouldn't have to rush through a meal.  You should sit, enjoy the prosciutto (they give you a ton of it), the mozzarella and tomato salad, and a delicious pasta dish.  The wine bottles are reasonably priced and the server is knowledgeable and incredibly helpful. In a word, this place is charming.  In a sentence, I think it may be the best Italian restaurant in the neighborhood.  (Franny's still rules for pizza, but it is better than Al Di La and has better ambiance than Stone Park Cafe).
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,6/16/2012,618,1991,7,10,6>4.5 stars...David's Brisket House is the epitome of a hidden gem. This little shop is pumping out some of the best sandwiches in NYC, they're no joke. Though they have a number of different menu options, their specialty is house made brisket, pastrami, and corned beef. The meat is thinly sliced with a deli slicer and layered high on just about any type of bread/bun with just about any topping. The small sandwiches ($6) are huge, if you're getting a medium or large and eating it all yourself than you've got a serious problem. The pastrami was amazing, I would say it was 2nd only to Katz. The brisket was the best brisket sandwich I've ever had. Not that it needed it but it's served with a bowl of gravy (which is more like a cross between gravy and au jus). If the prices and food wasn't good enough they also had fantastic service, served the food on proper plates, and is right by the subway (which is good because it's not in the best neighborhood). If you haven't been, David's needs to be on your to-go list.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,6/15/2012,22,15,13,10,9>Carnitas torta is the best sandwich in Brooklyn.  The pork is PERFECT and it makes the sandwich.  It's moist, crunchy, spicy, sweet.   PORK PARADOX!You'll bite into it, and then a black hole will open up before your eyes.  You'll be drawn in by it's gravitational pull and channeled through a vortex where mass, space and time no longer obey the physical rules of the known universe.  You will be deconstructed; broken down to the atomic level, the fundamental elements that construct your person will become one with the void.  All that remains is consciousness.  Ego dissolved, you will accept and embrace your assimilation within the cosmos.  The illusion that you are separate from the universe will no longer cloud your thoughts, and transcendence will lead you to an understanding that approximates theological descriptions of heaven.  Then you'll swallow.You'll awake back at the counter in the deli.  You'll remember none of the specifics regarding the journey you just returned from.  Those around you will suspect nothing.  All will resume as normal.  Then you'll take another bite.That's a good fucking sandwich!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,6/14/2012,129,40,4,5,4>Amazing, incredibly sexy food. Go. Listen to your waitstaff (and your friends who have already visited). Order things with delicious meat in (I was brought there for the crispy pork belly). Get the mushrooms if they're available. Drink, but not too heavily.Lather.Rinse.Repeat.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,6/13/2012,34,109,5,6,6>Yeah! Holy crap this place is awesome. I do not just dish out five-star ratings, but this place deserves it. It's not just the delicously satisfying breakfast tacos, but I'll start with them.  I got the veggie taco $3.50, my omnivorous brother got the Waldorf ($6) which was twice as big.  Veggie taco was fab.  I initially thought it wouldn't be enough food, but it did fill me up. My brother also got a fancy coffee drink which was delicious. What really gets this place five stars though, is the music.  The music is freaking great.  Each month, the owner showcases a a different local label's music. Albums are displayed on the walls, and available if you can't get enough of whatever you were listening to as you wolfed down your taco.  Yes, Whirlybird! Yes! Yes!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,7/22/2014,147,201,8,6,4>Never have I paid so much for a cone and a small kid sized cup, but it was truly worth it.As a mom, I appreciate all kid friendly venues and by nature of being an ice cream shop, Ample Hills automatically gets slotted into the kid friendly category. But in addition to this, they also have a small play area in the back. Just the right amount of toys to keep the kiddos occupied while I dive face first into my ice cream. When I first walked in and saw the menu, my eyes just glazed over. So. Many. Options. The guy behind the glass took pity on me and gave me a few samples, one of which was the cracked caramel. Of course that's what I got, with regular vanilla for my little girl.When it comes to cracked caramel, do believe the hype. It really is that good. I'm actually surprised at how much I enjoyed it. I don't hate caramel but it's never on my radar when ordering ice cream. Now it will be. I think the saltiness, semi-bitterness, and the huge chocolate chunks (the "crack") just blended together to create one hell of a flavor. I hope to get back and you better believe I will be double fisting. Cracked caramel in one hand something new in the other.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,7/21/2014,521,449,9,9,3>Feel Day Spa has been quite the unlikely obsession of mine lately.You see, I was never a massage guy. The idea of paying a perfect stranger to weirdly touch my near-naked body in a dark, cramped room was just not my idea of a good time. Any prior experience elsewhere would result in a tense, uncomfortable hour for both myself and the masseuse. I was likely less relaxed coming out than I was going in. I realize this is more my problem than it is anything else, but still, what the hell was I paying for?Then, on a whim, I scheduled a massage and mini-facial special at Feel Day Spa, after discovering it was a fraction of what I'd spent at those ritzier Manhattan spots that only resulted in disappointment. My expectations were pretty low, especially given the price tag, the tacky pink awning, that terrible name, and the lack of luxury decor. Not to mention, all the ladies in the spa's all-Asian staff appeared to clock in at under a hundred pounds apiece, unlike the brute, stone-handed, European-imported women I've had work my muscles at more high-end establishments.Waif-like frames aside, the girls working here know what they the hell they are doing. I'd estimate for the first twenty minutes of my appointment, my masseuse's feet barely touched the ground, due to the fact that they (plus her knees and thighs) spent that time kneading my entire back half, via various crawling, walking, and straddling moves. Facing down, all I could do was imagine how these acrobatics looked in actuality, but I swear, they've got to use the walls for leverage at some point. The moves I was feeling just don't make sense otherwise. It was impressive, and I'll be damned, it did the trick. Finally. A massage a nervous wreck of a man like myself could enjoy.I can't attest to the quality of oil or candles or anything else going on (that shit just ain't my forte), but I can tell you that I've never felt better coming out of a massage. Expect a thorough, full body procedure here. The mini-facial was nice, but I'd only take advantage of it with a combo deal they have going on (and it seems, they always have deals going on), otherwise, the $50 hour massage is my go-to. I don't know any of the girls names, which is fine by me, because I kind of appreciate the lack of small talk, and frankly, every different lady I've had (yes, I've gone back multiple times since that initial visit) seems to follow the same exact massage playbook anyway.I almost hate myself for knocking Feel Day Spa in the slightest, but I will say that the massage table just isn't the most comfortable. Without fail, my forehead always hurts by the end of it. Perhaps I should just ask them for a pillow, but I dunno - I don't know spa etiquette. My masseuse may or may not have also strangely left for half a minute to answer the front desk phone at one point. These girls here really run this joint and appear to wear multiple hats when on shift, so I can't really fault 'em in the end.I admit, I'm typically high-maintenance. So, to find the one massage spot that's succeeded in calming my nerves is also the cheapest is a dark horse win for both my wallet and my wellness. It would seem I don't need all the pomp of a luxury spa, after all. Just a flexible masseuse to climb all over my back like a knot-seeking spider monkey. Is that really so much to ask?
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,7/20/2014,203,151,2,4,2>So on one Saturday, a cheat day that I totally value, I decided I wanted red velvet pancakes. Ended up getting a ton of other things because when you wait to be seated after about an hour, you want to eat everything.Their fries/potato wedges with that chipotle sauce was crack.and yes... red velvet pancakes were to die for. Not sure how you make pancakes like that perfect and vegan without eggs but i'm a total believer in this place.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,7/19/2014,41,63,6,9,4>Oysters! Cocktails! Wine and small plates! Some of my cuisine favorites rolled up into one! I don't know who said oysters, like merlot, is an "old people thing". While drinking merlot may be a little old-fashioned, eating oysters on warm, breezy day with some Albariño or bubbly is a near-erotic experience. Using your hands, sipping, slurping, probably making a mess in the process....(and booze. Copious amounts of booze). I went with friends, but I'm totally hoping the manfriendhusband takes me here for some pre-sexy times. Good for: special nights out, happy hour (all oysters between 1 and 1.25), things to do with your parents to show that you a cultured adultFYI: won't seat incomplete parties so tell that one friend who's always late a 15-30 minute earlier meetup time
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,7/18/2014,115,442,4,6,2>What a cute little shop!The boyfriend and I came around 7pm and was worried that they ran out of Khachapuri (Georgian bread with cheese). I asked the owner how big they were (because I was totally clueless, and yes it was my first time - cherry popped!), he pointed at the train on top of the clay oven and luckily enough, we gotten 3 orders. He was extremely nice and friendly although he didn't speak English too fluently but he understood us, the language of food!The 3 Khachapuri was heavy, felt like over 5 pounds of heavenly deliciousness. The aroma was captivating but I needed to hold off until we got home to try it. It was still warm by the time I was home and the initial bite was pure heaven. Soft and pillow-y with the right amount of salted cheese in the center. The best I can describe it would be it tasted just like pizza, without the crazy tomato sauce. This would go so well with dips like artichoke, spinach, hummus, etc. For just $6, you can get the Khachapuri which is about a foot in diameter. After eating this, I can totally say "so long pizza!"
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,7/17/2014,39,156,,5,3>Many of my fine nabe's restaurants teeter on being gawdy, overpriced, and not very good. However, Il Fornetto is a gem.The view makes excellent use of their location right on the Bay. Sit right by one of the floor to ceiling windows and you won't believe how beautiful the view is. The lasagna is awesome in that it's both flavorful, and, well, huge. You'll leave very happy, and, very full.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,7/16/2014,307,1212,5,7,5>I'd been meaning to eat at Kristophe for a long time and am now kicking myself for taking so long! Went here for dinner on a Thursday night. It was relatively early, so we were the only ones eating when we sat down (a few people at the bar). But as the night progressed, some more tables filled up.The food was pretty damn amazing. Trying to decide between the appetizers was like a game show, because they all sounded amazing. We ended up going for the Devils on Horseback (bacon wrapped dates) since my friend had never tried them before, as well as the wild game sausage platter. The dates were amazing and the bacon was charred perfectly. But I must say, I was completely blown away by the sausage selection. The game you get is based on availability, and we were lucky enough to get rabbit, duck and pheasant. I liked them all, but the rabbit was like really, really good.We also ordered two entrees to share family style. The first was the wild boar stuffed cabbage, and the second was the roasted duck legs. Let me tell you, their portions are GENEROUS. Come hungry. When people call it "comfort food", they mean it. The boar/cabbage was served in this great mushroom sauce with mashed potatoes. Very hearty. And the duck legs (which were gigantic but cooked just right) came with these fingerling-sized potato dumplings. All very good.Everything was very reasonably priced. Almost all entrees are under $20.They also have this awesome spicy margarita that I would probably stab someone for right now.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,7/15/2014,119,158,,4,3>I'm a huge fan of small plate restaurants and I'm absolutely CRAZY for Mason and Mug. Not only is the concept great: small plates of seasonal and local (if possible) foods; the execution is superb also. My husband and I arrived and ordered the cheeseboard, ramen and a fish taco. After sampling everything we were super super impressed. I ordered another taco and we decided to try the yucca fries as well. Everything was delicious. My husband ordered a beer to go with his dinner and the total was still less than most places. The atmosphere was great also, we love the mural inside and the outdoor seating. It's a perfect little place to get together with friends. I can't wait to go back and see what they come up with next!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,7/14/2014,9,76,5,9,5>5 Stars all the way.  I can't tell you how excited and blessed I feel to have this this truly world class brewery come to Carroll Gardens....and just a few blocks away from my home (this could be dangerous).  Hidden in an unmarked warehouse way at the end of Smith Street and practically under the BQE is this amazing 10,000 sf brewery and tap room.  While the tap room isn't open yet, I was fortunate enough to be walking by when the owners Sam and Matt were standing out from kindly offered to let me take a look inside.  Being the start of NYC Beer Week (during which they had daily events throughout the city), I was truly impressed that they would take the time to talk to me.  It reminded me of when Sixpoint first opened and before they really took off and Sean used to give tours to anyone that came by.These guys are the real deal and you can tell they are truly passionate about what they are doing, yet equally passionate about Brooklyn and the neighborhood.  Setting all that aside they really are making incredible beers.  I look forward to seeing them grow and thrive....I just hope it remains as accessible.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,7/13/2014,243,169,3,4,3>YES. A real gem in Bushwick. They don't accept reservations, but we were able to snag a (pretty tight) table for two at 7:30pm on Saturday without a wait. Larger parties were not so lucky. We shared the kale salad appetizer, which was pretty incredible. I want a bottle of that tangy dressing. I got the coq au vin, and my boyfriend got the cauliflower. The cauli is a sight to behold. A honking 1/4-head, ribbed with griddle marks and served atop some kind of rice-y/saucy pool. Check the menu - I can't remember what it came with. The coq au vin was great, though I wish I could have ordered the porchetta. That looked like a real winner, but alas it contains gluten. Anyway, solid date place. And the wait staff was a treat. Very helpful and not intrusive.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/3/2014,295,410,4,9,5>Not your typical hipster vegan diner...this is place is seriously legendary. Lots of places in the neighborhood are getting pushed out because of raising rents but I think Champs will be here to stay, its that good. The honey "chicken" (tempeh?) biscuit was amazing, but I'm sure anything you get here will be good. I used to live right by here so I can attest to the fact that its pretty busy most of the time. Get there early.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,5/2/2014,142,556,6,7,7>I will admit that I don't love sweets and that certainly framed my opinion coming into The Chocolate Room. I stopped in on somewhat of a whim. We were seated quickly and I was immediately impressed by the vast number of options on the menu. At each table a complimentary piece of chocolate was provided per seated guest (they totally got a bonus point for that). I ordered a standard hot chocolate, but there are at least 5 types of hot chocolate on the menu. My date had the brownie and ice cream- delicious! I wholeheartedly recommend this place, which is huge for a person that could do without sweets.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/1/2014,324,130,6,15,8>I went here for a birthday party and was pleasantly surprised. 1) I was not expecting it to be as large as it was. It's not the size of a full size club but it can hold a decent amount of people.2) The music was really good! The DJ didn't repeat any songs and everyone was up dancing for most of the night.3) I wasn't hassled upon entry. Usually clubs want to pat you down, strip search, fondle your breast and then make you bend over and touch your toes for a cavity search. I wasn't overly searched but I did feel safe.4) I paid $9 for a shot, which is a little expensive but I'm use to the drink prices in the city so I wasn't shocked.5) Bottles for $100 all night, although I was there for a birthday and this might have been a special for her party.Now on to the negative:I paid $20 to get in on a Sunday night. I was expecting to spend no more then $10.Overall:I want to return on a Saturday to see what the crowd / atmosphere is like.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,4/30/2014,381,1142,8,10,8>I'm a lone wolf myself, so it's not too surprising that this is my go to dive bar since I moved to Bed-Stuy.  It's got that certain specific quality you look for in a dive.  You can expect the dark, cozy, and gritty atmosphere, the cold and affordable beers, the pool table, and just the right mix of music along with some questionable characters and lovable characters.  It kinda reminds me of the Mos-Eisley canteen in Star Wars where Han shot Gredo.  You can expect to find some real scum here but also can find people who are good for a laugh, an anecdote, or an adventure.  It's not a sports bar but just a dive, so there are no TVs or TGI McGoofy daquiris here. This is more of a social hang out where people shoot the billiards and the shit.  You come in as a lone wolf and you leave feeling part of the pack.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/29/2014,326,607,7,10,8>This may have turned into my new favorite cocktail bar and restaurant in Brooklyn. I had been in the area doing lunch on President's Day and my friend and I walked by and I had mentioned that this was an interesting sounding bar I heard about wanting to check out. She thought it was always just a restaurant and had dismissed it several times in passing. But no, it's both! The feeling I get in here is of a real community first off, which I love. The horse-shoe shaped bar is elegant with bright oak and warm lighting. It was pretty crowded also for being around 4pm on a Monday, even though it was a holiday. But I loved that everyone at the bar was contributing to small bits of conversation. Interesting characters as well in here. Happy Hour is divinity. They have both a food and drink happy hour menu or both wines and specialty cocktails are all $2 off until 7pm. Initially, we ordered off the happy hour menu, both opting for the Parks and Leisure drink: vodka, aperol, fresh grapefruit juice, lime, and simple syrup, garnished with a grapefruit twist. Beautifully done and refreshing. After realizing all other cocktails were also discounted I ordered the Kickstarter, a rum based drink that tastes exactly like an iced espresso with a hint of mocha. I think its the turbinado that grabs that effect of having almost a light molasses taste. A perfect pick me up drink if one is needed. My friend had a classic blood and sand: scotch, blood orange juice, vermouth, cherry heering. Incredibly strong and not being a scotch drinker I tasted a sip and was pleasantly surprised on how perfectly balanced it was between booze and sweetness. The bartender also spectacularly lit the blood and sand on FIRE. Emitting flames of GLORY. This bartender has a gift from the gods on his craftsmanship. Not only were the perfectly executed drinks the highlight of the evening but the desert. That desert, baby. Get the Chocolate Bread Pudding with dulce de leche drizzled on mounds of delicate pillows of whipped cream. It's not super chocolaty but rather more moist and has this layer of insanely tasty browned caramelization on the top of the pudding.  I don't even like whipped cream but it was aerated enough to be the perfect accompaniment to this decadent desert. I really want to come back some day for dinner. Their menu looks amazing. Kale and mushroom lasagna, both Lobster and Rabbit Pot Pies, their own version of roasted duck breast, and Niman Ranch Pork Butt Sliders. Not to mention, various cheese and meat plates and chicken liver mousse. I've died and ended up in heaven.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/28/2014,249,194,16,21,19>There's nothing stinky about Stinky Brooklyn, oh except maybe their exceptional cheese selection. And it's a good stinky, not MTA stinky. My friend and I were at Met Foods trying to decide which prepackaged mass brand cheese to pick. A stranger stopped and told us to forget it and instead head 1/2 block away to Stinky. Such a cool Brooklyn lady! I highly doubt that would happen in Manhattan. Stinky's cheeses, cured meats and charcuterie ready to be carved are not cheap but they are top quality from both locally sourced small farms and also Europe. The friendly and totally cool employees let us taste selections before purchasing. That's very important service if you're paying $28.99 a pound for cheese or meat. The mixed goat and cow blue cheese is stinky awesome!I was impressed with the staff knowledge and also how they artfully wrapped the meat slices. There's a non-rushed, laid-back vibe in the store. We could have lingered more, but wanted to get back, pop open a bottle of wine and devour our purchase. We'll definitely will be back here many times. Cheers to Stinky!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,4/27/2014,64,123,7,20,7>WOW! WOW! WOW! First time at a spa and boy did I pick a good one! Surprised my wife for her birthday a couple of weeks ago, and she loved it. We enjoyed a couples session together. First we were welcomed with warm towels and some herbal tea(it's only right being it was a cold afternoon) Then the friendly receptionist took us to our room; where a jacuzzi and candles scattered around awaited us. We were in the jacuzzi for about 30 minutes then it was the side-by-side massage for about an hour, then off to another room where we sat cozy and enjoyed some champagne and strawberries with a  chocolate fondue was prepared for us. It was a great first experience! The price was about $320. You definitely have to try this place.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,4/26/2014,77,160,2,6,7>Leron's Lesson: Excellent bar with ample seating and very warm staff. You want to drink here with friends or a date.Full Review: I first came to Bedford Hall as part of the Elite Event back in January. I was thoroughly impressed and decided to revisit the wonderful location. I came on a Saturday night and was pleased to see the crowd enjoying their drinks, the ambiance and the decor. I strongly recommend giving this place a try, it's owned by a couple Brooklyn guys and the Bed-Stuy authenticity is literally dripping off the walls. I'll be back, many times.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,4/25/2014,119,158,6,10,7>Five stars. No kidding. Timothy has been my acupuncturist for one year now. I originally went to see him when my husband and I were trying to get pregnant. He immediately struck me as a kind and caring person as well as a knowledgable professional. It didn't take long before Timothy went from treating me for fertility to providing me with pre-natal support. He really made my pregnancy enjoyable and I knew that a visit to him would help ease some of those unpleasant symptoms. When my daughter was finally was born, Timothy provided my post-partum support. From beginning to end, he was with me all the way - the only thing he didn't do was deliver the baby. ;) If you're looking for an acupuncturist, it will be difficult for you to find someone as involved, well trained and compassionate as Timothy.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,4/24/2014,230,479,12,15,11>You know it's a 5 star when:- you bite into chicken liver and go "oh my god"- you started thinking about 5 stars by the 2nd course- you hate pasta but you could eat the pasta dish 3 times a day every day- you get a "pre-dessert"- you get home and you refuse to brush your teeth because it'll make the flavors go away.- you finally give in to brushing your teeth and notice a bit of food stuck between your teeth... you savor that last delicious mouthful.Okay maybe that went too far, but this was seriously one of the better fine dining meals I've had.  We did the 5 course tasting menu, and it was perfect, from beginning to end.It started with a polenta soup amuse bouche, followed by a chicken liver pate amuse.  Both were excellent, especially the pate.  When has pate ever been a dish worth mentioning in my life until now.  They brought some great rosemary bread with ricotta cheese to the table as well.  The first course was a squash salad that was light and tangy.  The second was a poached cod that was so soft in texture, I had no idea how they could have possibly prepared it this way.  The third was pasta with mushrooms and broccoli, and like I said above, even though I dislike pasta, I could have eaten this all day.  Then came the lamb with braised chickpeas.  The lamb was perfectly seared on the outside and had great color.  Finally there was a "pre dessert" celery ice cream, followed by actual dessert of some sort of pecan pie... that description hardly does it justice though.What's even more amazing is that they are able to do all of this in such a tiny space, with an even tinier kitchen!  The staff are like sweet southern belles!  The drinks are delicious!  The lighting is perfect!  The atmosphere is cozy!  The attention is great!!I'm going to stop writing now...
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,1/28/2013,75,464,6,6,5>Menu is basically at Mr. Brancaccio's whims, but it's usually relatively simple food executed very well. It's practically focus-grouped for Park Slope types who reject Park Slope, which is why it's thriving in Windsor Terrace. The food is also delicious. Be assertive with the portions you want because while things are delicious here, precision is not a core value.The roast chickens run out early, they are cheap and very good if you're feeding a group. You can reserve them with ease. They have Manhattan specials and also good coffee.The sandwiches are gone by 3-4pm. The sandwiches are my favorite things. My desire for the sandwiches is positively correlated to how much I drank the night before and how late I woke up, so getting a fig/ricotta and something porky right at the 4pm buzzer is a moral and emotional victory.They have good taste in music. Just weave in and out of the strollers. The food, it is worth repeating, is delicious. Never had anything less than super friendly service. Deli Salad favorites:Beet/Fennel saladCalamarata w/spicy red sauceChicken saladBrownies
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,1/27/2013,83,6,16,8,4>There are no words that speaks to how RI-GOD-DAMN-DICULOUSLY DELICIOUS the brisket is at BrisketTown. It can be described as "meat candy". I must confess, when it comes to barbecue I usually go for the ribs cause the brisket usually lets me down, But not in BrisketTown. No Sir!!! Brisket is king (ALL PRAISES DUE!!). So tender & perfectly seasoned. It melts in your mouth with every bite (this was the point where my toes curl and my eyes closed and I truly knew what it felt like when doves cry). To break up the spell of the almighty brisket I suggest you order the potato salad...What the f#@k!...Wow...Wow..(applause) The potato salad is also f**king amazing too? Such a great collaboration flavor like the first time you listened to Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) with potato salad as Old Dirty Bastard. Get there early cause they do run out. My crew just made the cutoff and it was so worth it. During the slicing of the voluptuous brisket and rib portions. there was a part of me that wanted pull out a stack of ones and make it rain. but I didn't (i regret it) This is a byob but we opted for the Mexican coke ( sidebar- does anyone else get disappointed when someone offers you Mexican coke and you get a beverage?) Anyway a pound  of brisket and a pound of ribs will feed three people easily.I must go back there cause I left a piece of my soul in an oily napkin that wreaks of brisket brilliance
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,1/26/2013,611,712,4,3,2>I used to think BBQ chicken was a pointless endeavor. My mind is changed. I want this chicken. I crave it. I praise it. Thank you, Uncle Bones. Thank you for opening my head, heart and body to this avian delicacy. I dream about the smoky, tender meat. And the hot sauce and ranch that accompany it. Please take up shop in Prospect Heights so my fatness can become more convenient.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,1/25/2013,77,271,,7,4>I walked past Zizi Limona this evening after a brief "what's that place?" "oh, I read it was really good!" conversation, which was enough to make us veer towards the right and take our choice of seats at the entirely vacant restaurant. Sure, they're cash only (for now) and have yet to obtain a liquor license, but they're BYOB and none of this should deter you: the food is amazing.We were brought a dish of fresh baked pita when we sat down, which actually was fresh baked, unlike most places in New York, which deserves a thousand bonus points right there. We decided to try the fatoush salad - which was, thankfully, more traditional in the sense that there was no lettuce, but rather an amazing arrangement of fresh tomatoes, radishes, feta, crushed olives, parsley, onion, and fresh roasted red peppers. It was hard to put the fork down and move onto the small plates we ordered: The grilled baby eggplant with arugula and cherry tomatoes which was so smoky and delicious, I can only dream of what the baba gannoush would taste like. The roasted home fries were really good- crispy and not greasy at all; generous chunks of 'taters that were perfectly seasoned with paprika and made even better when our waitress recommend  topping them with the house hot sauce made of sirracha, fire roasted tomatoes, and pepper. Almost like a Middle Eastern chipotle salsa, I could have topped just about anything with that sauce. The falafel was great. It was a small dish of bite-sized, cuminy, crispy falafel balls topped with fire roasted red onion, parsley, roasted tomato 'salsa', and tahini or yogurt sauce all atop a generous slathering of hummus. It looks small, but one bite and all you'll be thinking is how incredible it is. The least impressive, but only in comparison to how great the other dishes were, was the house cured gravlax with roasted cauliflower and hummus. It was fine, but the epic combinations of flavors in the other dishes just made this one seem a bit lackluster. Overall, don't skip this place. So great for vegetarians and carnivores alike, in an inviting atmosphere, with one of the nicest, least pretentious waitresses I've had in a while (and yes, we DID bond over our midwestern roots). Both her recommendations and service were spot-on. I love that I could sit anywhere I wanted to, but what I'd really like is to see this spot full of people enjoying the same meal I just had.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,1/24/2013,35,60,8,7,5>The carnitas torta I got from here rocked my face off better than a hungry Miami hobo on bath salts. It was that good, with a Salsa Verde on the side that had decent kick and great flavor to the point I ended up using it like an au jus dip.Forget the others in the nabe like Oaxaca, come chow a couple of these $2.25 tacos for the real deal.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/23/2013,248,254,5,12,10>A taste of the middle east right here in Brooklyn.They have literally the best hummus in the world.  Its better than what I had when I was actually in the Middle east.  I also love their tahini that I have began incorporating into many of my meals!They have an amazing selection of specialty olives, spices, nuts, baklavah, halva,etc.  And they carry literally every variation, combination that has ever been thought of.The workers here are really friendly and helpful and don't mind actually talking and chatting for a while.Yum, I can spend days in here, and you would still be discovering new items!Really a one of a kind store!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,1/22/2013,48,82,3,9,5>Being a gluten free person and living in the city is tough because there is pizza EVERYWHERE! And you CAN'T EAT IT. I have been searching for a solid gluten free pizza place and I think that once Williamsburg Pizza gets themselves up and running this will be my go to place.I went in last night with 3 friends, who all got regular slices (and went back for more). When I asked for gluten free pizza they said they didn't have any. I was ready to give the place 1 star after that because their website advertises that they do in fact have GF options. I guess the owner over heard me and came out, introduced himself, and said that if I didn't mind being a guinea pig he would make me a pizza on the spot. I'm a bit wary about pre-made GF dough because I once got food poisoning from some but I had a few drinks and me and was feeling adventurous. He threw some sauce on and some cheese, threw it in the oven and in 5 minutes it was done. He gave me half of the pizza for the price of one slice! AND IT WAS AWESOME. The sauce was the highlight for me. It was perfectly made and the cheese was so melty and delicious.Like I said, they have a few things that still need work and I would love to see some more GF options but the customer service was great, the reviews from my friends who tried their regular pies (Grandma is the best) was also stellar, and the pizza was solid.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,1/21/2013,656,559,3,6,2>Dinner for 6 bucks?! Count me in!Ordered a chicken kabob pita sandwich to go one night after work. I'm so glad that I did. When I got home 25 minutes later, it was still warm and delicious. Delicious fresh chicken right off the grill, fresh veggies and yummy sauce to go with it on a fresh pita. Awesome. Lots of other great things on the menu. The falafel looked delicious and I really wanted some.  This place doesn't look fancy from the outside or the inside but I enjoy no frills places, just great eats.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/19/2013,106,161,3,5,4>What you need to know:- These guys are super chill but v. passionate about their product and it shows!- No1, No2, No3 means they are "experiments" of their vodka. these guys are still trying to figure out how to hone the vodka to be even better (aka to make perfect more perfect)- They have an awesome old school letterpress and Rich is a kick-ass designer- They're a bit snobbish (but in a good way!)- It's on the 6th floor (there is a reason for this!) of a deserted seeming warehouse, so just when you think you might be murdered....or you're out of breath because... well, because!...then you will see the City Foundry sign and all will be good!- Tours are free @ 4pm on Sundays and are great! Just email Peter :)
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,1/18/2013,187,361,9,5,5>My boo and I came here after wandering around. We passed it and it struck our curiosity, but we saw the prices and moved on. After a few drinks in other spots to pass the time, however, we all of a sudden decided to try it. Ah, thank you lessened judgement and lowered inhibitions with money!!We had two drinks each and split bread,  a soup and an entree. The bartender was helpful with the wine and let us taste a couple before we committed. We sat at the bar and he did not seem annoyed that we were splitting an entree.The whiskey bread is delissshhisssh. I wish it came with the meal instead of being an extra 5 or so bucks. But I mean, if you are going here, you are going to drop a hundred bucks so you may as well shell out the fiver for the bread. The soup was beautiful. It was a chilled lettuce soup. The lettuce, creme freche, salmon roe and preserved lemon were artfully placed in a bowl. Then the waiter poured the creamy broth over it. The soup was salty and bright and different.The entree was to DIE for. I had the duck, and I don't ever order duck because I am just meh about it. It was rare in the middle, maybe even raw-ish. But man, was it good. It was the best duck I have ever had. It actually might even be the best entree I ever had. I was going to give it 4 stars because its pretty dang expensive. But I am getting all saliva-y writing this review so I guess it warrants a 5 star.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,1/10/2014,110,158,,3,3>One of my new favorite places to eat. I tried my first arepa at some place in lower Manhattan and couldn't get it out of my mind. Now I live in walking distance from Caracas and couldn't be happier. There are lots of vegetarian options and they'll substitute tofu for the meat in any arepa. I'm consistently ordering the El Gato, which is grilled cheese, fried plantains, and avocado. YUM. Also the tequenos appetizer with their house sauce is amazing.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/9/2014,24,112,3,5,3>It's really very simple. Purbird. Is. The. Best. Truly awesome place. We live outside their delivery zone and my husband puts on his long john's on these cold winter nights to bike to them and pick up their delicous spicy chicken wraps. They are perfection. Particularly the sauteed cabbage. I've had the chicken burger as well, which is also great, albeit a little bit small for my tastes. We always get a side of mashed potatoes as well. It's all so good. If we are in the neighborhood we stop by as well. My only complaint is that they need to expand their delivery zone!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,1/8/2014,53,131,8,13,3>Maybe it's because I don't get out much anymore, but coming here was the highlight of my week!! This grocery store (in an old warehouse, right on the water) is so huge I could probably spend HOURS here looking at all the neat items: tons of fresh, colorful produce; meat, seafood and cheese galore; a designated yellow-lit area for a gazillion different types of olive oils; barrels and barrels (and barrels) of intoxicating smelling coffee.I could go on. I will. A water-front dining area outside their own little cafe; a bakery with fresh bagels of all varieties and sizes; bins filled with organic grains, fruit leathers, nuts and more; and, of course, the "regular food" you'd find in any normal grocery store.  The cashier was less than friendly but that didn't dampen my mood. I was still on a high when I walked out with my full shopping cart to load up my car. Maybe I should get out more.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,1/7/2014,60,231,4,8,6>This place is simply over the top. I'd say that if you check out the website and know what you are getting into, this is a 5 star place. Not exactly my cup of tea, but pretty darn awesome nonetheless. A unique concept pulled off by someone with a clear passion for both food and comics. The burger really is quite spectacular. I'll be back.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,1/6/2014,144,279,4,11,6>I used to think Blossom was good, but that has nothing on Champs. The restaurant itself is the epitome of an old diner, like the old cafes my parents used to take me to in rural Minnesota, except smaller and without the holes in the booth seating. :) As for the food, I truly can't define the superiority of these dishes. The mock meats are superb. The potatoes are perfectly seasoned. The biscuits are delicious. The sauteed greens are incredible. The side salads are flavorful. The juices are invigorating. The brownies are indulgent. The smoothies are satisfying. The gravy is ridiculous. I seriously can't name one thing I've tried that I didn't love. I will come back here a thousand times until I've tried everything on the menu. Only complaint: this place lurrrrves the garlic. I had to brush my teeth four times before the stank finally left my mouth. :)
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/5/2014,170,103,,4,3>This cute little boutique brings some much needed charm to Havemeyer Street. La Di Da Dee's boho chic window displays always draw me in, and the selection is varied but not overwhelming, as the store is quite small. For each style that is carried, they only stock one or two of each size. Prices are very reasonable; there are dozens of unique finds (both accessories and apparel) available for under $50 a pop. Can't wait to stop by for some pretty new things!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/4/2014,93,372,2,4,4>What can I say XIXA?  Other than I love you.  I miss you. I  can't wait to see you again. The tasting menu was incredible and the service spectacular as always.An amazing bottle of wine and an awesome evening.  We were not rushed and every amazing dish was served with love and flair.  Yes , this is my favorite restaurant.  Te quiero mi amor.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,1/3/2014,34,85,3,5,4>In a neighborhood filled with all sorts of exotic food options, Hunter's has that solid salad/sandwich thing going that's perfect when you're not in the mood for ramen or cuban or French.The menu - It's simple, it's clean, and I'd eat anything off of it. Personally, I'd recommend the Chicken Salad sandwich, but don't attempt to do the healthy thing (aka side salad). The salad is just a pile of shredded lettuce with a blah dressing. Translation: get the fries.From the time I spoke to the hostess on the phone until the time I left brunch at Hunter's, I felt totally welcomed by the staff. Service with a smile is not something you see everyday; this place got it right.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,1/2/2014,53,112,4,6,4>I've had my dog for about 2 years and I can't believe I've never taken her here until now!. As far as Brooklyn dog runs are concerned, this place is huge and very clean. I've been to dog runs with gravel floors and dirt floors and both are horrible for your pooch's health and cleanliness...yours as well. The wood chips and grass are definitely the way to go. Most of the dog owners there are friendly, if not indifferent, but the dogs are playful. I happened to visit on a very nice Saturday afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all, which is definitely a plus. If you live in Brooklyn Heights and own a dog, or are just taking your dog on a long walk (like I was), make sure you go for a visit.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,1/1/2014,134,156,2,7,6>I love this place. It never fails to impress. I would love to drink that ginger spike every day!The atmosphere here is amazing, I love the speakeasy 20's vibe. Every detail is thought of here from the faucets in the bathroom to the ladder up the bar to grab bottles down. The place just glows with flickering oil lamp light at night too. It is so nice. The one bummer is that anyone else knows about this place because if you try to get in on a weekend night after 8pm you are going to be up for a wait. Most of the seating here is tables, not bar space, which I actually prefer but it makes for that wait. The drinks are always delicious and the service is always great. xx
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/12/2014,487,973,3,10,4>My first trip to Greenpoint was a huge success...entirely due to the awesomeness that is Lobster Joint!This fun restaurant is a serious competitor to Luke's Lobster (another 5-star favorite of mine). This location has a lot of seating, including a really cool backyard area where my friend and I sat for dinner (it was covered and heated, since April still seems to be "winter" this year). We ordered our Connecticut Lobster Rolls, Lobster Mac & Cheese and beer at the front counter, received a number and headed to a table. All the prices were very reasonable, especially since the portions are huge. The food took about 10-15 minutes to come out, but we enjoyed our beer while we waited. The Lobster Roll was just overflowing with huge chunks of lobster all on a toasted top-split bun. So good!!! And the Lobster Mac & Cheese is definitely a dish to share...it's huge! A few Yelpers had mentioned that the pasta to lobster ratio was poor, but we actually had a lobster in every bite! I cannot wait to go back...the only downside of this location is the G train (don't get me started!)
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/11/2014,175,329,6,8,7>How did I not review Kiwiana immediately after eating there several months ago?!  I don't know, but it's cool, because it was memorably awesome.  Tiny place - we were super close to the tables next to us - but it's cute, and who cares when it allows you to closely ogle what everyone around you is eating?The ribs sounded delicious to me and our super great waitress told me they were her favorite thing on the menu, so I ribs'd it up, and my god I'm glad I did.  The manuka (New Zealand honey, I had to look it up) and marmite ribs were FREAKIN' AMAZING.  I gave my fiance one - ONE - bite and he jealously agreed, though he thoroughly enjoyed his venison.  We also loved the beet/lavender/ricotta/almond salad and I could swear we had a pork belly app too that was bangin'.  We washed it down with a fantastic and affordable bottle of wine and walked out of there happier than kiwi in a fruit salad*.  But I was a little bit happier, because I had the ribs.*I was trying really hard to think of a good analogy here without quoting a Geico commercial.  I realize I probably failed.  But really, where else do you see kiwi except fruit salad?
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,6/10/2014,85,517,10,7,5>This is a wonderful barber shop. The downside of the hot towel joints is often the corpulence and/or body odor of those rendering the service. You're not going for romantic times, obviously, but it isn't necessarily pleasant to peer up the nostrils of a big warted dude who's never eaten a fresh vegetable.Since it was my child whose hair was cut today and not mine, I didn't get up close and personal with the barber. That's fine. I'd get a hot shave here any day.My son got a great haircut from a nice guy who called him by name, kept him smiling, and engaged him by showing off the tools of the trade. I know it is au courant in this part of the world to let boy children affect the George of the Jungle look. But this place reaffirms that the conservative cut is the way to keep your young buck looking his best. He'll have his teenage years to grow his hair long and tattoo his face.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,6/9/2014,255,1002,5,7,5>Nice gem in a neighborhood where I only expect to find either Mexican or Chinese.I had a chat with the proprietor, Murat. Quality Turkish guy. His Coban salad (that's Turkish for sherpherd's salad) was light but excellent. It had that nice olive oil + salt finish, with a brick of feta on top, with everything dusted with herbs and spices. The kofte (that's meatballs) were indeed excellent.I asked if there was sauce and he looked offended "it needs no sauce. Instead, I make it with love!"He then told me that sauce is only to dress up bad tasting food. His food needs no sauce. He asked me if the Doner I had in Turkey had any sauce on it. I said "yes, I think?" That was the wrong answer.Anyway, it did not need sauce.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,6/8/2014,79,539,1,7,5>I walked into Homage the other day after passing by countless times while walking to the G train. I've always been into skating and skate culture but I haven't checked out this place before. I walked in and was immediately greeted, which is always a good sign. They have two walls of shoes, decks, and other cool things, as well as apparel. They also carry Nike SB's and I do believe they have a quickstrike account (I came in to inquire about an upcoming release) so that's awesome! Everyone here seemed friendly and laid back and the shop itself is really nice. I'll be back!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,6/7/2014,16,27,10,15,9>I'm in love! I'm in love! I'm in love!! Today was my first time at Rustik for brunch and I am ridiculously impressed!Let's start with the wonderful hostess: Josi is personable, professional and courteous not only on the phone but in person. I was greeted with a warm smile and immediately lead to my table where my Sista-friend was waiting. Within a couple of minutes our server Kelly (who is just as wonderful) arrived at our table. We struck gold today! Kelly has the best table side manner and is incredibly on-point! She knows her menu well, answered our questions and we NEVER wondered where she was during our meal! She checked on us constantly, made sure our glasses stayed full and basically took great care of us!Now let's talk about the FOOD! I had the chicken and waffles. This CHICKEN was seasoned and cooked to perfection ....do you hear me??? Perfect balance of seasoning, crispy skin and the meat was tender and juicy! I'm not sure if my waffles were multi grain, whole wheat or what but I devoured them! Light and buttery with a minimal dusting of powdered sugar, sliced strawberries and whipped cream (not too much) once you add your maple syrup there's really nothing else to do but allow this dish to take you to happy town! And yes I did a little happy dance in my seat! Now my Sista-friend (aka BFF) had the shrimp and grits! Can someone say, slap yo' mama and kiss the cook? Come on somebody, this chef can throw down! Grilled shrimp, on top of what I believe was a tomato salsa (yum) and some of the thickest well seasoned cheese grits I've ever had!!! I love when you can eat grits with a fork!!!All of this and the wait was not long! We never once wondered if they went to the farm to get my chicken or if the chef was out on his shrimping boat... The timing was everything it needed to be!The atmosphere, perfect! Music selection? Nice and not too loud! Bathrooms? Clean! There was even an area where people were dancing!! The manager Emily (who I will be calling very soon) super -cool!!!Listen to me very carefully.....I need you to go to Rustik. Seriously! Go and enjoy yourself!  You'll be glad you did!!!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/6/2014,171,153,2,9,4>I have been counting down the days until Blue Bottle opened in my 'hood & I now wake up every morning and do a happy dance knowing that I can grab a seriously amazing cappuccino/shot of espresso/or cup of coffee before starting my day! The space itself is tiny, but I think that lends to it's charm. If you're from the neighborhood and saw this location before they opened, you likely would have noticed what an eye sore the space was. I love that they put in a large window which helps to make the shop appear larger and on a good day with the window wide open, it invites you to spill out onto the sidewalk and enjoy your cup of caffeine while catching up with your neighbors. There is a small counter where you can enjoy your drink, however, I do prefer to take mine to go because it can get quite crowded. I was pretty shocked that given the space, they have a bathroom which is pretty unheard of/unexpected given the size. The espresso is perfectly pulled by knowledgeable baristas, the mochas are made with Mast brothers chocolate and it's quite possibly one of my favorite mochas I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying, and the New Orleans cold brew is perfection. Basically, I love everything they serve and if you really appreciate quality brew, you will also love Blue Bottle.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/5/2014,182,331,3,8,7>As skeptical as I was about a chain barbecue restaurant moving into the neighborhood, I am now equally enthused about Hill Country's honky tonk vibe and delicious food. They have live music Tuesday through Saturday, and on Wednesday nights the house band plays and does karaoke for those brave enough to belt out some tunes. And lest you think it's all corny country music they're offering, they actually have a variety of bands come through. When I came in on a Tuesday for a happy hour event, the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating, and the prices were great. After coming back on Sunday for lunch, though, I see that Hill Country is serious about its food. Everything is cut to order and sold by the pound, and it's all tasty. The hot links are so juicy and have a great snap, and the pork spareribs were just outstanding. The moist (fatty) brisket was tasty, but a little overly fatty for my preferences, so I might go lean next time. The mac and cheese is amazing, as is the cornbread, and the pinto beans are tangy and wonderful. OH and they gave out free chocolate chip cookies, still warm from the oven, at the end of the meal, just because. I can't get over how cool this space is, or how happy I am to have a place where you can just hang out and enjoy a few beers and some live music, or really go to town on clogging your arteries, or both!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,6/4/2014,1231,1149,7,11,10>It seems like NYC only has handful of local ice cream shops. This one definitely is on top of my list for really good ice cream. I've been hearing about this place for a while now. Especially the Chorizo Caramel Ice Cream... I know it sounds very explicit. Sweet/Salty with delicious caramel. So good you will lick it up and down... They do have all the regular flavors such as chocolate and the norm, but i'm more of an adventurous person. I paired up the chorizo caramel with olive oil ice cream. I was in HEAVEN. It's around $7 for two scoops in a waffle cone. TOTALLY WORTH IT! With warmer weather on it's way. This is definitely something to get and enjoy indoors or a few blocks away at the park.Flavors: oddfellowsnyc.com/flavor
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,6/3/2014,119,272,5,10,6>One of a kind, no doubt about that. This restaurant feels as though love and culture is used to cook everything in here. Such flavorful, house made, delicious food! I can't remember the last time we had such great Mexican food in Brooklyn. The tacos were absolutely perfect and the beef burrito was a massive, delicious, fresh, wrap of greatness. CANNOT wait to go back when we're craving Mexican. There simply is no better option.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,3/1/2012,177,109,,16,9>Two words:Michelle.Tarantelli.I was ridiculously nervous about my first tattoo.  Michelle is an absolute sweetheart.  She took the time to work with me on my ideas, was patient with me when I was unsure about the placement, and reassured me that she wouldn't do the tattoo if she really thought I'd regret it.  It turned out even better than I could have ever imagined and I love it to death.  I can't wait for my next one.The shop itself is spotlessly clean and everyone is really friendly.  I'd suggest going in to the shop to make an appointment.  I put down a $100 deposit and set up a consult about two weeks before my appointment.  The artists have their portfolios on the front coffee table as well.I think I'm ready for my next one.  See you soon, Saved!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,2/29/2012,231,165,8,10,8>Nitehawk has:a full bar on the lower levela full bar on the upper level2 theaters on the upper level1 single stall, gender neutral bathroom on the lower level1 single stall, gender neutral bathroom on the upper levela delicious, drool-worthy food menuso much awesome that I can't even handle it My friend and I arrived about an hour early to grab a few drinks and catch up before our movie started. We hung out at the bar in the lower level. Happy hour before 7:00PM? Half off draughts and well drinks? YES, please! We made our way upstairs to the theater about five minutes before it was scheduled to start, which, in hindsight, was a mistake. We should have left the lower level and moseyed our way up to the theater earlier to ensure optimal seating. Thankfully, there was one table for two left --- all of the other seats in the theater were taken! Tickets are only $11.00, which is a total bargain since I definitely recall paying $13 and change to see a movie in one of the commercial theaters in Manhattan. Definitely buy your tickets online in advance. Otherwise, you risk coming to the theater to a sold out show. My friend was way prepared and purchased our tickets online beforehand. If she hadn't, there's a very good chance that we would have been SOL. The movie screens are significantly smaller than screens that you would see during your typical movie experience. But, friends, this is not your typical movie experience! It is so. much. better. Think restaurant + bar + movie theater. Swoooon. I counted 21 seats in the theater that we were in, but I was also tipsy and it was dark, so don't quote me. Just know that seating is definitely limited. This makes for a totally different movie experience [that is worth experiencing]. Half of the time I felt like I was in a movie theater, and the other half of the time I kind of felt like I was in someone's den. Totes charming. Someone pls take me on a date here.The food menu is loaded with options. I had the veggie burger with fries, which was delicious, and my friend had one of the movie themed specials...some Hawaiian-inspired meat thing* [we saw The Descendants]. I wasn't expecting the food to be that good, but I was pleasantly surprised! The waiter that takes your order/brings out your food somehow manages to not interrupt your movie viewing experience whatsoever as he's trucking things back and forth, which is much appreciated. The kitchen closes 45 minutes or so before the end of the movie, which makes a whole lot of sense, but isn't communicated at all to the movie-goers, which doesn't make a whole lot of sense. No harm done, though. The last thing that my friend and I prooooobably needed was the sundae we were going to order.Honestly, I would come here just to grab drinks in the lower bar even if I wasn't planning on seeing a movie. I'm not sure if this was the intent on creating this lower level lounge, but I've totally been hooked in. The bartender was SO nice and super cute. She chatted me up for a bit while my friend escaped to the bathroom, which was so nice. She mentioned that she came to Nitehawk a bunch as a patron before working there, which I also appreciate. The best employees are folks that hung out there before**.Nitehawk is about a 15 minute walk from the G at Metropolitan/L at Lorimer, and an even shorter walk from the L at Bedford. I'll definitely be back soon.___* Can you tell that I'm a herbivore?**I'm probably biased, given that this is totally my track record.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,2/28/2012,168,363,9,12,11>Nice place to share a bottle of wine while dining outside on a summer evening. Or, nice place to have a wedding rehearsal dinner with family. OR, nice place to have a quiet meal with good friends.My favorites include:-Bruschette (with eggplant caponata or Toscana with white beans or original with tomato, basil and garlic).-Roasted beet salad with goat cheese, arugula and walnuts and balsamic vinegar.-Fennel Salad with sundried tomatoes, black olives, endive and radicchio.-Homemade artichoke lasagna is creamy, cheesy delicious-ness.OH! and you *must* try any one of their pizzas made in a giant, wood-fired oven. If you're like me, you'll anxiously await your Marinara (San Marzano tomato sauce) pizza with capers, garlic and oregano.I think the prices are more than reasonable for the high quality of food one gets. The staff are also every so friendly and accommodating.Andiamo!*If you're a meat eater, know that their meat is organic. (which I think is a good thing).
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,2/27/2012,123,172,8,5,5>I finally found my way back to these meaty masterminds. This time, there were no camels, the place was empty (can you believe it?), and I tried the Godfather. I ordered it sweet, and once again salivated over the smells wafting around the tiny deli while the strapping young lad behind the counter arranged my Godfather. With a wink and a smile, I was off with a sandwich bigger than a baby's arm. I remember the Willie's Italian Special being large, but this kind of knocked my socks off. I got home and died when I unwrapped the sandwich. Layer upon layer of dream dressings and trimmings. To try and decipher what exactly I ate seems impossible, and wouldn't much matter. Even with all the hype, this place is proving to be a down to earth sandwich haven.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,2/26/2012,194,184,5,7,7>If you're an athlete, in excellent physical condition, and are seeking a truly humbling experience...check this place out.Unless you were born with Popeye forearms and can do 20 pull-ups with your finger tips, Brooklyn Boulders will make you its biatch.  18,000 square feet of walls to climb.  Plenty of variety for beginners (me) and experts alike.  There's skill levels ranging from 0 to 5, easiest to most difficult.  I "flashed" the 0s (which means nailed it on my first attempt) and then failed to complete any of the 1s.  So the step-up in difficulty between levels is no joke. $27 for an all-day pass with shoe rental.  I went on a Monday night at 7:30 and the place was PACKED.  Try and go during the off hours (before 4pm and after 9m according to their website) if you're looking to get a lot of climbs in.  Also, especially during the busy hours, don't bring any valuables you can't keep close to you.  They have just a handful of lockers (you need to bring your own lock), which were all taken when I went.  From Manhattan - it took me 25 minutes total (including walk time) on the N train from Prince Street to get here.  I'd recommend going with a group of friends who you'd enjoy seeing fall from the top of a 10 foot wall.  Also a clever spot to take a date.  Thanks to fellow Yelper Grace C (her profile here - bit.ly/gQK6qO) for the recommendation on this place.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,2/25/2012,103,339,,6,6>My boyfriend and I checked out SUD last night, after I had noticed it while walking the puppy down Bedford.  The sign on the sidewalk caught my attention: homemade pasta, BYOB, sounded good to me.We had dinner there a little before 8 p.m.  There were a few people sitting at the bar, when we got there.  The atmosphere was dim, candlelit, definitely romantic.  I like the exposed brick, and how you can peak into the kitchen.  We ordered the goat cheese and peppers crosstini to start with.  It was subtle and delicious.  We were also given complimentary bruschetta to try, also delicious.  The table bread was very fresh, and may have been brushed with a little something, maybe garlic?  We also enjoyed some mixed olives, also tasty &  flavorful.SUD's stardard menu includes a few appetizers, salads and antipasti.  Their dinner menu changes monthly, or so I overhead, though there are daily specials as well.  Either way, I ordered the gnocci with a walnut pesto sauce and my boyfriend ordered the lasagna.  The gnocci surprised me because it was so delicate, yet hearty.  I quickly realized my surprise came from never having tried fresh gnocci before.  The only other gnocci I tasted was packaged from TJs... I also had a bite of my boyfriend's lasgna and it was delciious!!  His entree was served with a small bowl of grated cheese.  Of course I spooned some of the cheese onto my dish as well, and basically cleared my plate.  All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed my impromptu romatantic dinner at SUD, which by the way means "south."  I definitely will be going back and recommending this excellent addition to Bedstuy to my friends as well.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,2/24/2012,532,204,10,10,10>I end up at Gutter A LOT for birthday parties.  Not like the birthday parties when you were little that your mom planned with the plastic table cloth and your whole 4th grade gets invited and people all sign a bowling pin.  Its really more like everyone has been drinking, eating and passing out birthday cupcakes at the beer hall around the corner [1] when inevitably someone comes over to Gutter to use their ATM and sees 'hipster bowling paradise.'  They come back wide eyed and tells everyone tales of how great bowling is going to be as a crazy drunken group, and of course everyone agrees!  Nine people who lack the attention span to bowl an entire frame themselves, meet $45 bucks for a lane for an hour.  $5 bucks buys you and your friends a Gutter free for all.  Practice your granny shot, see how heavy of a ball you can bowl, just never ever EVER attempt to bowl two balls at the same time. [2] But pretty much all else goes.  Have a blast, feel like a kid again.  Gutter is always packed Saturday afternoon and evenings with a mix of bowling enthusiasts and some local leagues.  Pretty much everyone taking it much more seriously than you are.  Its a small and old bowling alley sans a claw machine and neon orange nacho cheese.  I like that the food area is a divey brooklyn bar.  They also have pool tables to play while you are waiting for the lanes to open up.[1]  Berry Park (cash only) [2]  Come on people we're not animals. Clearly that warrants getting kicked out and will break the machine.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,2/23/2012,123,229,6,8,9>It's all true. All of it.The long wait. The rustic, candlelit ambiance. The delicious pizza that may or may not be overpriced.  BYOB. The short hike from the subway station.But that's kind of what I loved about it. We put our name on the list and went to a nearby bar to kill time. Only to return an hour and change later and get seated at a cozy little table. It's warm, dark, and definitely romantic. Seriously. This is a date spot, no question. It is BYOB, which is kind of nice considering the price of the pie -- you don't get jacked on the price of a bottle of wine. The staff is friendly and attentive but definitely left you to your devices so as not to spoil the mood. Sure it's a little off the beaten path but isn't it nice to be away from it all?Am I gushing enough?Can I just say I loved it here and had a fantastic evening?
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,2/22/2012,144,314,7,9,7>Yay! It's my 100th review and it's only right that I (1) dig in the crates and remake a Lionel Richie classic and (2) write about the beloved Van Horn Sandwich Shop.  Hello.....is it Van Horn Sandwich Shop I'm looking for?I shlepped it in the rain, almost didn't find parking,A cornmeal fish sandwich was all I wanted, and my mouth was opened wide,Jalapeño infused vinegar, and an unbelievable crunch up through and aroooooound (an extra ad lib) the sandwich,Van Horn, let me start by saying.....I LOVE YOU!For all you sandwich lovers out there, you must, must try this shop.  A little on the pricey side, but it sure is worth it.  And I love the fact that the sandwich had crunch, pizzazz and razzmatazz.  And to make matters even better, I didn't have a "bread-ache" after eating. I've got my eye on that fried chicken sandwich next go around.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,2/21/2012,266,920,6,14,13>Some people are going to love this place simply because Dale Talde is recognized as a seasoned contender on Top Chef.  Others will love it for the happening decor, with handsome Asian-inspired carved mahogany wood blending well with classic exposed Brooklyn brick.  Still others will love the equally handsome patrons (present company excluded), pulsating to a groovy (but not too loud) playlist.  I don't give a shit about any of that.  Either show me good, authentic food, or show me a twist that I didn't expect.  Talde delivers the latter.Every once in a while a TV show will come along and dare you to think a little differently... The West Wing, Sopranos, The Wire, Breaking Bad.  Initially they seem familiar, but when you get into the details you realize there's some geniuses at work.At Talde they've done a wonderful job of putting unique spins on familiar dishes while also making the unfamiliar seem normal.  A slider, but with fluke.  Pad Thai, but with bacon and oysters.  A simple rum and coke cocktail with the rum coming from the Mekong Delta.  I had no expectation of what Filipino pork should taste like, but it was probably one of the best sausage bites I've ever eaten.  It punched me with flavor and spice.  Suddenly the black pepper butter toast on the menu doesn't seem so odd or intimidating.  They won me.  There's a nod to seemingly all parts of Pan Pacific/Asia:  Hawaii, Vietnam, Korea, China, Thailand, Japan and others.  But unlike eateries that try to be all things to all people (and end up failing everyone), Talde is restrained enough to keep things tight.  In fact there's no more than 6 apps and 6 entrees on the opening menu, coupled with a dozen more sides, soups and salads.You can sit in the dining area or grab drinks and select apps at the bar.  I counted 10 draft beers that ranged from Miller High Life ($3) to Coney Island Mermaid Pilsner ($5) to Hitachino Red Rice Ale ($10).    There were a dozen wines, 6 sakes, and 10 house cocktails including the Brooklyn Sling and Pacquiao Punch.If you don't want to plunge in and dine, have some dumplings ($6) and a beer at the bar.  No biggie. They are brand spanking new so time will tell if this review is worthy of your attention.  But for now, I'm going back to try the Korean Fried Chicken if for no other reason that Fried Chicken needs no celebrity, decor or scene.  It simply needs some love and I'm betting this place delivers on that promise.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/30/2013,142,556,6,10,7>Great space! Came here to see the performance of an indie hip-hop group. Before even making it inside to hear the great music, I was taken back by the space. Warning: you will easily pass this place as you walk by in search of it on Atlantic Avenue. Be patient, it definitely does exist.As you enter, you are immediately walking up a ramp with art on either side including neon graffiti. Depending on the event, you may find people lounging in this area as well. Once you get to the back into the large main area, you'll find much more of the same, plus a stage and a bar in the back of this space.This is definitely a place that makes you pat yourself on the back for living in a cool ass place like Brooklyn and hanging out at cool, edgy spaces like this on a Tuesday. If you are looking for hip event space for a performance or show, consider this.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,9/29/2013,141,106,4,4,3>I want to live here. This is the best chocolate I have ever had in my life, it can brighten up any dull day, and I have a feeling it's actually healthy for you, it makes me run faster, that's for sure.Fine and Raw, keep doing what you are doing, and never change.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,9/28/2013,34,16,67,25,30>I debated whether to post this in Craiglist's "Missed Connections" or Yelp. Yelp won.I am guessing you are looking at your smartphone, standing on a street corner in Brooklyn searching for something that's open and serves good food. You probably don't have time to read the anecdotal musings of a girl who has fallen in love. I understand. If you want a straight-to-the-point review of Santos Anne, scroll to the bottom of this absurdly long post. If you want a story of passion, hope, love and loss -- keep reading.In order to understand the importance of this night, you must first know that I live in Taiwan. Taiwan is the land where eligible bachelors are not only few and far between, but they also are NOT interested in awkward Jewish girls who drink a lot and talk too much. I moved to Taipei from New York for a job and had the opportunity to visit Brooklyn a year later. My friend and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner after some comedy at the Knitting Factory (I highly recommend you go to their free shows on Sunday nights).We saw that Santos Anne was open until 12am and decided to power walk over at around 11:50pm. Last minute customers are a servers worst nightmare, but the staff welcomed us with open arms. As soon as we sat down I saw him. He was sitting in the corner with a plate of cheese and a glass of wine (or was it beer?). I don't think I have ever seen a man so beautiful in my life.You can imagine my shock when he got up and walked right over to us. Turns out, he was our waiter and he was French. The accent! I die.* I stammered through my order and accepted wine from the bartender who insisted we drink. Team, listen: A man hasn't so much as looked my way in a year. That is precisely why I acted like a giddy 12-year-old girl who just spotted Justin Bieber every time this guy came to our table. I scarfed down my duck tacos, which tasted like love and possibilities, and proceeded to imagine all the things I'd do to the waiter (you know, things like stare at him in his sleep, buy cupcakes and pretend I made them, hide the fact that I am a crazy lady until we were married) if I lived in the States. At the end of the night, the drunk bartender poured more wine for me and said, in a very difficult-to-decipher slur, that a man was going to fall in love with me really soon.Now I don't know if the waiter and bartender set up some sort of ponzi scheme where insecure women who have intimacy issues believe they can sustain a successful relationship with one of the wait staff, but I asked for a job application after dinner. When he came back with the bill (sans application) I saw we were only charged for our tacos. FREE DRINKS! As we were getting up to go, my waiter/boyfriend looked me in the eyes and said, "We go make out now, no?" He felt it too! I smiled coyly. Could I kiss this man I hardly knew on my last night in Brooklyn? He was so beautiful. His eyes were the ocean! His skin, the sand! Despite his beauty, I knew what my answer was. "No, not tonight." When I said it out loud, my heart attempted to punch my brain in the face. Alas, I am a woman of class. I cannot make out with a man unless he's bought me flowers or at least six shots of whiskey. I left Santos Anne with nothing more than a kiss on the cheek.I am back in Taiwan now, but my heart just isn't in it anymore.If you are reading for a review on the food, atmosphere and all that other crap Yelp is useful for, then here you go:Food = Excellent. Order the tacos you can't really go wrong. Atmosphere = Adorable, friendly, cool.Other Crap = Great. This is a good restaurant. That's it.*Just to let you know, I am an intelligent girl that is not easily fooled by a pretty boy with an accent but you try living in Taiwan for a year and not getting so much as a Herro!P.S. Stay away from my boyfriend.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,9/27/2013,182,331,3,5,4>Sometimes when you're on the border between drunk and tipsy, you don't realize that you don't need another drink or snack and should probably just call it a night. If I had done that, though, I never would have discovered Apartment 138 and its wonderfulness during my midnight snack run.  My boyfriend and I couldn't decide between savory or sweet, and the kitchen stays open until 2am so you do have your pick of what to order!  In the end, we went the 50's diner route and got the alcoholic milkshake and a side of fries.  The whiskey milkshake was so good.  You clearly got your money's worth in that they didn't skimp on the booze, but it was still drinkable, with a balanced flavor.  So worth it.  Just a note, you should crush the graham cracker up and eat some of the shake with a spoon!  The fries were great as well, and we even dipped a few in the shake.  Oh!  And their cocktails are fabulous.  The Hummingbird was perfectly balanced, sweet without overwhelming, and just kind of woke up your tongue.  Since the menu has a cocktail with Pimms liqueur in it, my boyfriend made a special request that the bartender make a traditional Pimms cup, and she obliged.  What resulted was a Pimms cup that even the toughest Brit would be chuffed over, and I look forward to returning and ordering one for myself!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/26/2013,76,80,1,5,5>What an awesome find!My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary. It is in the most secretive, gorgeous neighborhood in Brooklyn right off the Promenade. Beautiful interior with beautiful people to match. I got the sense that this is a local favorite (and the locals aren't broke, let's just say). Regardless of this, I felt no pretension upon entering.We were seated at the best table in the house, right in the window. The service was very professional (no sloppy hipsters here!) and the food was fantastic. We got the mac & cheese app to start, and I got the chicken with mashed potatoes and greens. My boyfriend got the pork, but he preferred my dish. We also got a great bottle of wine for around $35, not terrible for an upscale restaurant.I had a great overall experience here and will definitely be returning.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,9/25/2013,77,160,2,3,3>BYOB Mexican spot in Williamsburg...awesome!This place is laid back and everything a neighborhood restaurant should be. The food was fresh and came in large portions. I ordered the shrimp tacos and was very satisfied. They also serve lots of chips and salsa after you sit down, which is always nice. This place is straight-forward, tasty and great for groups. Oh and did I mention it's BYOB??
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,9/24/2013,209,892,6,6,3>Things to do when entering Court Street Grocers:Head to the back and order a sandwich. They're slap yo mama sideways good.Buy a box of Wacky Mac for dinner because you just spent $10 on a sandwich.Thank the nice man behind the register.You're welcome.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/23/2013,60,108,5,4,5>Do you want fresh, authentic Italian bread, pasta, cheese, sauces and pastries? Well, then get your ass out of Pathmark and into Pasta Fresca Ravioli. This place is a dream come true to those that understand quality. Their bread is definitely one of the top 3 in Brooklyn. I read someone saying that the owner isn't friendly. This is completely untrue. I've been coming here for a few years and I can honestly say, if you take his Old World Sicilian demeanor as unfriendly than you don't know Brooklyn! This guy knows what he's doing and has brought amazing-ness to Brooklyn from his motherland. He is part of what makes Brooklyn so wonderful. Consider yourself lucky!Check it out now!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,9/22/2013,79,539,5,11,10>This might be one of my favorite comic book stores in all of NYC. I've only been once so far, but I was blown away - they sell comics and related things (cards, games, apparel) and longboards! Very awesome! I'm into both, so I was naturally pumped. What's even better is that when I walked in, there was a Magic tournament happening and it was mostly people of color. YESSSSSSSSSSSS. I'm so tired of the stereotypical white guy comic book environments where I'm looked at as an anomaly. Yes, I like thin books with pictured panels and card games, not a big deal. Also, the people who work here are beyond friendly and very chill. If you have a metro card and some time, head over and support awesome businesses like this.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/21/2013,80,119,6,3,5>My BFF came out to visit from Portland, OR with a long list of places in NYC that she wanted to try. Fette Sau was on that list. I hemmed and hawed about the fact that it was in Williamsburg, a place I only go if I'm gonna see a live show or there is some other compelling social event on tap, but rarely just to eat at one of its many fine restaurants (I know, it's stupid, but living in any other part of Brooklyn makes it feel like a chore to get there - just one more annoyingly ironic thing about Brooklyn). The truth is that it's absolutely worth traveling into Manhattan, catching the L train, riding it the short distance back into Brooklyn, and walking the few blocks that lead to this awesome restaurant.I am a lover of swine, from the adorable teacup piglets that I enjoy scrolling through on Buzzfeed (and it's okay if vegetarians and animal rights activists think I am a disgusting sub-human for saying this, you're probably not wrong) to the kind that come butchered and cooked to perfection on a big metal tray at Fette Sau. Oh porky. I'm sorry your life on earth was short, but I promise your slaughter won't be in vain if I have anything to do with it. Your delicate cheeks and tender rump will be cherished by my palate and help to sustain my own life a little longer. And, if in our next lives you are the human and I am the pig (though some may argue this is already the case), I hope you enjoy eating me as much as I have enjoyed eating you. And rarely have I enjoyed your myriad virtues as much as I did at Fette Sau.Also, NuNu Chocolate is sold here, so be sure to take advantage and stock up. It's not cheap, but neither is the karma for what you just ate, so you might as well go full hilt.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,3/11/2012,31,148,3,9,5>Living in New York, Sunday mornings mean certain things. They are split into two categories:Hangover brunches with unlimited mimosa's and bread baskets.Greenmarket fruits and veggies, the sunday paper and lox and schmear on bagels.While I certainly love the brunches, I live for the lazy sundays with bagels, lox and schmear. On my way to the Carroll Garden market I noticed people eating their bagels and schmear with fervor on a bench outside Shelsky's and wondered why a fish shop had a bench outside.Where I come from (suburbs of ny), the fish shops are no muss, no fuss types of places. Men clad in rubber slopping half a pound of flounder on a metal scale while folks with their noses pinched between their forefingers and thumbs braved the smell of the over-powering sea.Shelsky's is Carroll Garden's answer to the well-loathed image of a fish shop. Instead of rubber and steel, it is a clean, white shoppe right out of Martha Stewart Living. There are ten or so types of fish displayed in a large glass display case (I got the a 1/4 lb of their gaspe nova which was so perfectly sliced and set on wax paper as if a gift for the gods) along with caviar, olive, scallion and other interesting cream cheeses and tuna salads. Next to the fish, is their perfect bagels that are crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside and for .75 cents get the onion pocket. I am a huge fan of onion pockets and these, my friend, are the perfect balance of chewy, bakery fresh bread with smoked, crispy onions.While you may look at the prices of the fish ($8.99 to $16.99 a 1/4 lb) and think it is a bit outrageous, think about this: 2 bagels, an onion pocket and a 1/4 of nova for $11 is a steal for a breakfast for 2 of intensely amazing smoked fish, bagels and schmear Words cannot express the greatness of Shelsky's smoked fish. I just had a onion pocket with plain cream cheese and the gaspe nova and I am already salivating for another.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,3/10/2012,301,223,10,10,6>It's beautiful and clean with an amazing view. This place gets better and better with each visit.Why I come here over and over again:1. Great and well-lit running paths along the water with tremendous views of both good-looking runners and the city.  2. Free movies in the summer. Watching the unedited version of Ghostbusters with the backdrop of the NYC skyline was a summer highlight. Toss a blanket down on the lawn, bring snacks and enjoy the outdoors with some friends while laughing along to classic movies. 3. Kayaking! Free and new this summer.4. Really yummy ice cream at Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory. Grab a cone or two and enjoy the view. There's tons of places to sit.. benches, tables, lawns. 5. Super close to Grimaldi's. 6. Brooklyn Bridge? Duh. Walk on over and back! 7. The huge stairs... It's like the BK version of Rome's Spanish steps. Sit down awhile and enjoy the view. 8. Tons of romantic little spots to sit and picnic... or (secretly) wine and dine your significant other. The only downside: Technically, NO kite-flying allowed in the possibly the windiest park in NYC. But, hey I've done it, gotten in trouble and done it again.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,3/9/2012,22,167,4,4,2>I'm happy to finally give a place 5 stars. Considering how many years I've been to the area, it makes me happy to see places like OTB closed up and places like this opening up. If I lived over there, I think I'd be there every day. That's how much I liked this place. We were asked a couple of times how everything was and that alone leaves me a good first impression. Bensonhurst isn't exactly known for friendly service so it was nice to see this being done. I also liked that they bring the food to the table and you could pay before or after. Something I noticed to be a growing a trend in new cafe places cropping up in Bensonhurst and Bay Ridge. The seating is comfy and uniquely set up and the general atmosphere is very comforting. The workers there were very friendly and helpful, especially the fact they come out from behind the counter to ask if you're being helped. Definitely a plus considering it was fairly busy. I tried quite a few things in my first visit. A combination of hunger...then impulse...and the 'eat-food-with-meds' factor. Yes I know TMI. I function like that. I ordered a vanilla coffee, a ricotta/spinich/ mushroom crepe with 2 rainbow cookies. Originally this was supposed to be it..lol. More on what else in a second. Coffee=I'm picky with coffee. Not much of a drinker at all and I liked this alot. Rainbow Cookies=I know all of them generally are the same but this is the first time I've had really good ones since Angelo's long closed up. Crepe=This was actually my first time having a crepe. I never had one at all before and glad to say my first one was awesome. The portion is def. worth the money too and they give you a small portion of salad on the side. Seeing my friends get gelato and my will power to resist failed me when I experienced the rather odd flavor, Rose which really does taste how it smells. I got jasmine and vanilla. It was weird tasting what's usually scented lotions but it was good too. The "eat food with meds" was my to-go item. Which was just eaten and happily chased with water and pill goodness. Good muffin. I approve, lol. Overall it was good and plan on coming back again. Although next time I'll call it a day with a coffee and crepe and be content. I can see taking stuff to go from here and heading on over to the bowling alley down the block. Or vice versa and coming here after. It makes a good hangout combo.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,3/8/2012,485,350,5,5,5>The bar is pretty high for me with regard to Middle Eastern food. I've been eating it all my life, lived in Israel, and generally been exposed to best there is. Tanoreen  met and exceeded my experiences with new and different dishes that I've never had that were super fresh and delicious.I'm not even sure where to begin about what's fantastic, but the best advice I can give anyone going to this restaurant is to plan to eat appetizers and not even worry about main courses. The standard Middle Eastern standards are fantastic: hummus and baba ghanouj. Highly recommended to get the fattoush. Try slathering some fattoush and baba on some of their spiced flatbbread (which is SPIRITUAL), and you will think you died and went to heaven. Also unexpectedly unbelievable are the brussel sprouts, which are apparently flash-fried and crispy in all the right ways. We also had the fava beans which were unlike anything I've ever eaten; pungent, spicy and savory. Not to be missed.I also ordered the Kafta with tomato sauce, which while completely fantastic was a bit much after all those appetizers, which were better. A number of them were on their daily specials menu, which was extensive. For dessert the baklava was as tasty as I've had.You can't go wrong, well worth a trip.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,3/7/2012,119,207,11,5,4>I'm about 2 seconds away from founding a new religion based on this stuff. I don't know what they put in it but I've never had anything like this before. It's pretty much the greatest thing I've ever put into my mouth. The Key Lime Pie is a life-changer. No idea how many calories are in it but in order to fulfill my 5-nights-a-week obsession I keep trying to convince myself that somehow having it is better for me that not having it. That's probably the only thing you need to be aware of before trying this - it's like a drug and once you try it you'll forever be justifying ridiculous reasons to yourself as to why you need to continue eating it every night. So far I haven't gained any weight, so maybe it's not that bad? See, there I go again . . .
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2011,3/6/2012,348,400,3,5,3>Bagels are fresh, delicious and they have way too many options regarding types of bagels and spreads.I never get mine toasted, so my goods are ready in a reasonable time, but yes, this place is crazy busy weekend mornings.The key to this place is knowing where to order, as it's not intuitive. Rather than order at the register you have to go past the register to a little stand towards the back. You can always tell the bagel n00bs because they stand around the register for 10 min waiting to order. It's kind of sad to watch, but I don't work there, and I'm hungover, so I'm not going to corral the customers.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,3/5/2012,118,267,12,8,6>On a scale from 1-10, how hungry are you? 8+? Keep reading.Ima get real with you all for a minute. Sometimes I wake up still drunk on Saturday morning before normal feeding hours. No I *do not* want a bagel. I want a large ass pile of pastrami. Now Prime Meat's website says they open at 11am, but I promise you that I have mosied over there around 10:30 for some breakfast eggplant parm.Love it so much. Firstly, the food is delicious. And I feel like I am in a kitchen instead of deli. The Italian studs behind the counter always take care of me and treat me like fam.Then I go home to sleep off my hangover and eat the second half of my ginormous sandwich mid-afternoon. Win/win.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,3/4/2012,119,336,3,8,6>I want to start off by saying that I don't generally eat pizza, because I don't really like it.  Bread, tomato, cheese....how many different ways can you do this?  I've tried all the famous spots from DiFara (usually burned) to Lucali (overpriced) and have yet to be wowed by pizza.  Until now that is.  Sottocasa, where have you been all my life???  Perfection is what comes to mind when I think about this small  yet cozy establishment on Atlantic Ave.  The bottom of the pizza is just slightly charred as you bite into the softest pita like bread.  The menu proclaims that they use the freshest ingredients and that is NO LIE.  The tomato sauce feels like it was freshly made  and I wouldn't be surprised if they had a cow in the back providing the milk for the cheese.  Outstanding!  Well done Sottocasa!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,3/3/2012,136,150,4,12,7>Like the difference between earning two or three Michelin stars, a five star Yelp place has to transcend something intangible. That's entirely the case at Sea Witch. It's literally cold inside. It's not trendy. The menu is on a chalkboard in the doorway. Meaning, once you've sat, you have to get back up, retrace your steps, and read the menu in the doorway (this aspect will inevitably change). We've all been to warm places. Ones with plenty of menus. Trendy and impressive decors.What, then, makes Sea Witch better?I can't tell you. Well, rather, I'll try:#1. The cheeseburger, at literally less than half the price ($6) of others in the neighborhood is one of the best. They get the bun, the meat, the cheese, the proportions, everything - dead on. #2. Everything else is cheaper. And better. An excellent beer selection, full bar, and solid by-the-glass offering leave nothing more to be desired.#3. The fish tank. What at first seems like an afterthought soon turns into one of the most soothing and appealing aspects of the bar. For me, staring at this rather minimalistic masterpiece washed away the Monday blues with no obvious effort.#4. Staff. Everyone here cares. It shows and it works. Period.Sometimes, things just work. It doesn't take rocket science, it doesn't take money, it just works.Welcome to Sea Witch.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,3/2/2012,181,563,6,12,10>This is a solid SOLID five star review.  In fact it is so solid, I really urge everyone and anyone who lives in the area to go check it out.  If you don't love it PM me and we'll talk.(No, I do not have shares in the place, personally know the chef, owner, any of the employees, proprietors etc)Now, the venue is gorgeous, and although small is quite spacious.  I have been quite a few times since it opened and the food is consistently perfect.  The beet salad with lavender and ricotta is nothing short of genius while the soup, oysters, and tartares are creative and push the bounds of interesting flavors. The lamb burger is succulent and saory.  The ribs are meaty and sweet, while the red snapper has just the right amount of heat to it.  The lamb loin is sensational and the fried chicken is some of the best I have ever had.  The desserts are whimsical and inventve with the bread pudding being intensely creative with the use of orange and lemon zest. Kiwiana is one of those places that I am thrilled opened near the house and I want the world to try so they can see what I mean!Maybe I should book a weekly table for a year before posting...
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,3/21/2012,244,1334,7,9,8>DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDE !!!!I pretty much live behind St. Anselm and didn't even know about the awesomeness of this place until a few days ago. My companion and I knew we wanted MEAT. But we weren't really in the mood for a BBQ joint like Fette Sau, so thank you fellow Yelpers for leading us to this gem.The atmosphere is perfect for any occasion. Bring a friend, a few friends, a date, your parents, your professors, etc. The interior is super cool but it's pretty subtle...they have rusty hacksaws on the wall which I didn't even notice for a good 10 minutes because they went so well with the overall decor. Their ceiling is also very unique, and the exposed brick and open kitchen is always wonderful.So, the wedge salad with warm bacon blue cheese dressing. It's pretty simple looking but tasty and flavorful. The cold lettuce and the warm dressing somehow go very well together.Also ordered the spinach gratin as an appetizer. Definitely recommend sharing it with people, as they give you a lot. I enjoyed it, but I thought it was a bit too buttery for me. And now...the patty melt! I think they said their patties are 80% grass-fed beef and 20% pork shoulders. We both ordered it and we were both extremely impressed. It comes with toasted (on the grill) rye bread which goes so well with the patty. The patty itself was extremely delicious, I can't stress that enough. With the melted cheese and caramelized onions on top, you do not need any condiments. And for just $10, if you are a big burger fan but do not order this dish, I will personally walk over to St. Anselm and yell at you.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,3/20/2012,147,200,7,9,7>My now-BF, then just friend, told me that all bad things in Brooklyn are blamed on the Levee. This may or may not be true, but any place that has $3 tequila shots can't produce good things afterwards. My story: These $3 tequila shots are what changed my friend into my BF as this is where our 1st kiss was. Damn $3 tequila shots. This is also where my BF got my little sister shit-faced drunk for the 1st time in her life & she threw up in one of the booths (sorry Levee). Their bar snacks are the bestest. Twizzlers. Cheese balls. Blow Pops!. I never knew all this junk combined with multiple tequila shots tasted so delicious. They have board games! Jenga while drunk is very fun. It's the only dive bar I've ever frequented more than once. It's a dive bar you should frequent more than once. It gets the job done & you have still have $$ in your wallet @ the end of the night. The best, most unique thing though has to be the chalkboard. You can buy drinks/shots for a friend today & they will write their name on the chalkboard + whatever you bought them. When said friend comes to the bar on a later date, they can claim it. I haven't tested this out, but it seems like a cool idea. Then again, you might be paying for a drink no body will get. Who would know?
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,3/19/2012,27,68,6,9,4>These guys have TIGER BLOOD flowing through their veins, hands down the best NYC moving experience I've has was with Get ThereIn the past I've often tried to use my friends to help me move- and as you'd guess, this is always a pain since you have to -Guilt Trip-Harass-Haze-Plead-Bribe....And generally do whatever is necessary to convince your lazy friends to help move your stuff. In the end, they have no idea what they're doing and things get broken, lost, etc. When I contacted Get There for my recent move, from the get go I felt like I was dealing with professionals. They responded very quickly to my request and offered me a reasonable and STRAIGHT FORWARD quote based on the basic details of my move- no extra frills, hidden charges, or confusing pricing schemes that are so commonplace with other moving companies. They also were extremely helpful in dealing with my annoying management who has strict requirements for movers. When moving day finally came everything was a complete breeze, the guys were on time, and even gave me a call when they were getting close just to let me know they were almost there. The whole move of my large 1BR down 3 flights of stairs and up 2 flights was completed faster than I thought humanly possible (Tiger Blood). They wrapped up all my furniture/etc and packed everything safely and efficiently into the truck in no time at all, even helping me pack a few last minute things- these guys really know what they're doing. Even after a generous Tip for the guys, I felt like I was coming out ahead considering the service I had received. -They're friendly-Affordable-Organized-Clearly Experienced Movers-Licensed and Insured (was a MUST for my move)If you don't use them then you're a fool, I'll be telling all my friends about Get There.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,3/18/2012,229,472,11,4,4>File this one under Reviews White People Write.I was making vegetarian chili, which called for tempeh. Being an Indonesian food, none of the ethnic markets in Ridgewood carried it, nor did the normal supermarkets like Key Food or gourmet shops like Green Line or Rachel's Garden.I begrudgingly hopped on the M Train to Mr. Kiwi's, where, as expected, I found the aforementioned soy product (with flax!).Thanks, Mr. Kiwi! You saved the day for our indie-folk house party!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,3/17/2012,28,167,3,4,5>It was a Monday and I had just put in my two weeks notice at my current job.  So, I wanted to go out and celebrate! We actually had plans to meet at another bar in the area but it was a weird crowd so we moved onto Freddy's instead. Best decision of the night!  It looks like they do live performances here sometimes. There was a comedy show going on in the backroom but we just stayed at the bar the whole time. Maybe next time I'll check it out.The bartender was great, the atmosphere was perfect and it was just good times all around!  Sure, i stayed out waaaaaaay too late for a monday night but, what was work going to do, fire me?
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,3/16/2012,259,651,5,7,5>1. Delicious broccoli double-decker tacos, and fish sandwich from the bar menu.2. Jalapeño and bourbon, together at last.3. The bar and kitchen are open late on school nights.  The neighborhood knows this, and the joint was buzzing after midnight.4. Polite, attentive, approachable service.5. Stars.  Without hesitation.6. The iPod mix was really good.  This matters.No. 7 has become my go-to spot for midrange drinks and food in the area.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,3/15/2012,15,171,8,5,5>The ham sandwich here is unbelievable. The best I have ever had.It's a country ham, the dry, chewy kind that you normally get as a steak, and eat with a knife and fork. Only they've sliced it very thin, so you get the heft and texture, yet it seems to melt in your mouth at the same time. It comes on perfectly toasted sourdough, with a sweet (excellent counterpoint) mustard dip. I am not kidding, when I finished it, I ordered another one, even though I wasn't hungry, because I was worried that if I left the restaurant, something terrible might happen like me being hit by a car without ever having gotten another one of these sandwiches.There was other stuff about the restaurant, service, prices, decor. I forget how all of that was. Please listen to me: go to Brookvin and eat the ham sandwich, so that they never rotate it off the menu.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,3/14/2012,93,509,6,11,4>Smith Street, for all the press it gets, is home to way more mediocre restaurants than good restaurants. Even the good ones, while good, many don't really excite.Battersby. Breath of fresh air. There's a passion with the food that is missing from so many of the opportunistic interloper run restaurants on this street.Crikey.We recently braved the cold and polar bears and treked the few blocks to Battersby for an early Saturday dinner. It was, of course, already crowded but the hostess took our number and we retired to Jake Walk for a cocktail (note to other waiting diners: please don't wait *in* the restaurant as it's way too small).The tasting menu was our strategy for the evening as we were having a hard time deciding what to order. They do a 5-course menu for $65.To the best of my knowledge, this is what we had:Chicken liver mousseDuck pate.Ricotta with an amazing focaccia (don't eat too much bread) Kale. Endive. Anchovies. (awesomes)Mushrooms. Poached eggs. Spinach. (awesomes awesomes)Trigger fish. Swiss chard. (fish excellent. broth spectacular.)Sauerkraut. Pork rib. Apples. (the saurkraut - holy moly)Fennel. Lemon. Panna cottaOlive oil cake. (have mercy)Staff? Superb. Friendly. Know the menu. Professional.Wine list? Small and quirky.Space? Dark and warm and a bit tight.This is one of those places that I hate to write a review for. Please don't go here. Stay in your neighborhood - you have nice restaurants there I'm sure. Let us have Battersby to ourselves.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,3/13/2012,243,374,10,10,10>The neighborhood is changing.Khim's is open 24/7. Twenty.Four.Seven. That means if you run out of organic milk with your cereal at 2am, you know where to go.Not as grand as Whole Foods, but can work as a filler between your runs to the organic market giant. Price wise, some are fair and some are slightly higher.Besides the usual supermarket goods, they also have a selection of prepackaged goods such as salads, sandwiches, sushi, seaweed salad and some other asian small dishes. Also, they have cut flowers although I consider them over priced for the quality of the stock. But hey, money isn't a issue when you can stop here and get some flowers for your lady before heading home, all because you went out drinking with your buddies until 3:45am (AND you didn't call her to let her know....)
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,3/12/2012,110,253,6,12,9>Find the place, first. Actually, first make a Rez for the sushi bar, because that is the reason to visit 1 or 8. Then, tell the chef you would like the omakase, which literally translates to "I submit, bring it". There is no ordering. You sit, he serves. And serve he will do. And he will drop some completely ridic food, fish that will change your definition of how it tastes and melts, and he will expand your mind with his samurai knife wielding moves. It's so calm, so right. He brought me into the house of zen, totally got me lost and feeling awesome, and it was all heightened by some incredible sake poured whenever my glass was tempted to run out. I did miss my 7AM flight the next day, enough said.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,8/1/2014,58,177,1,7,3>Review for the club: Verboten is the best of clubbing in NYC, packed into a single location. I love this place! I came here for the first time for Maya Jane Coles. The rules are pretty simple: don't be a douche and enjoy the music. I settled against the railing on the balcony and had the perfect view of the crowd and the DJ. Everyone was dancing, enjoying their time, and rarely talking over the music! The sound system is great - not eardrum shattering, but you still feel the beat in your heart. The visuals are the best I've ever, ever seen (and I've been to my share of shows and festivals). The lights are in tune to the music to the very milli-second. The music is definitely enhanced by the use of light, it builds so much excitement when you see the room encapsulated by the dots of light reflected off the disco ball in the center.I'm excited to head back here for their great lineups!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/31/2014,358,182,5,6,6>Awesome neighborhood cafe and it's a bonus that the owner is super duper accommodating and nice.  I can be difficult when it comes to ordering since I'm a bit on the picky side, so I normally get the WTF face when I order, but not here.  I made quite a few out of the norm requests when I ordered the mocha, but the owner just smiled and said "anything is possible."  LOVE IT!Aside from drinks, they have tasty looking treats too.  I tried the salted peanut butter cookie which was delicious!  Peanuty, soft and not overly sweet.  The mocha on ice was really good and as the cherry on top, they play good jams.P.S. Great place to study if the library is closed.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/30/2014,74,64,4,5,5>It finally happened. The passenger window was smashed out of my car so someone could riffle through the glove box and find nothing but old high school photographs and obsolete receipts. They took nothing and left the rock they had used to smash open the window on the seat, like a welcome to the neighborhood gift!So, I called Palais. It was almost 8PM when I found the mess and most everywhere else was closed, but Sal answered, hallelujah, even though they close at 5. He said he could take care of it the next morning and asked me if I had a safe place to park it in the meantime, which I didn't, and then offered to let me park the car at the 24 hour gas station next door and leave the keys with the attendant. I gladly took him up on the offer and by 10AM the next day my car was ready to go. They even vacuumed the entire interior and my car hasn't been this clean in years. All for a neat $135.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,7/29/2014,217,257,8,6,7>After a tough day on the steel swinging a sledgehammer like my name is John Henry, I was famished and needed MEAT, MEAT, MEAT! David's Brisket House satisfied my carnivorous cravings with a sliced brisket on rye that was thicker and yummier than any burger from that area would have been. According to the menu, my sandwich was a medium but it was so packed and spilling over with tender slices of meat, that I can't imagine what a large sandwich would look like-probably enough for two. Minus one star because my side of potato salad wasn't prepared with the same love and tenderness as my brisket. The potatoes in potato salad should never crunch but heck, that ain't what it's all about at David's Brisket House anyway. It's all about MEAT, MEAT, MEAT and I am grateful that this place is so close to home.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,7/28/2014,22,31,8,10,8>Definitely my favorite venue in NYC. Why y'all gotta hate?+2 (automatic) stars for being a night club that serves delicious ice cream sandwiches. Mindblown. Get one in the basement!+1 star for the cheap $10 big cans of Sapporo that kept me loopy til 4am and my wallet content.+1 star for having a highly impressive sound system. The floor speakers right below the dj booth are ginormous and I was able to easily fit inside it to drown myself in some funky deep house. Unfff that bass. If I could live in these speakers, I would.+1 star for the intimate atmosphere and layout. There are two floors with plenty of bars within your reach. The second floor gives you a great view of the dj but make sure you claim your space along the railings earlier in the night because this place can get packed. The crowd is great, unpretentious, and everyone is there to enjoy the music - a rare find in NYC. So bring along your friends, pregame in the surrounding Williamsburg bars, and spend the rest of your night grooving and shoulder shrugging to the music at Output. You'll have fun!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,7/27/2014,151,372,3,6,8>What a great little place in the heart of Sunset Park. A lovely, cozy, quiet, cute, and warm little place to have dessert and coffee. This place is great to get your work done or just meet up with a friend for a little chat. I ordered a small chai latte- steamed milk, chai tea. Which was quite delicious and not overly sweet. The taste was right on. Perfect cup of coffee. I also ordered a slice of carrot cake. It was good. It was moist. I enjoyed the cream cheese.One of the things I found neat was if you are sitting on the second floor. The staff will send your order on an elevator and yell out your order. Pretty cool to see your order come up the elevator. Besides that, a very cute and lovely environment to grab something to eat.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,7/26/2014,127,132,3,4,3>My favorite pancakes in NYC. Buttery crisp edges topped with fruit. Their fruit salad is also heavenly. It's always made of fresh, ripe fruit with sugar or a sweet topping. I was addicted to their french toast before I discovered how amazing their pancakes are. The french toast alone had me coming back again and again- it's very very buttery and kinda like a croissant-donut made into french toast. Salads are fresh and have great dressings. It's not a fancy place and is more like a diner with a nice outdoor space. Very kid friendly. The prices are pretty fair for the neighborhood.There can be a wait but it's never too long, especially if you get there before 10:45 a.m..
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/25/2014,124,227,5,7,4>I'm sure you could visit Crif Dogs during the day...I mean...it makes sense that you could go there for...lunch? Maybe grab some hot dogs for dinner? But honestly I don't know about all that. I only know about the Crif Dogs of 2am and beyond, when you really need to both soak up some of the booze in your stomach with starchy products and also find a bathroom, stat. The Crif Dogs of 2am is always hopping, but they do a good job of keeping it fairly tidy. The tables get cleaned quickly and/or the customers actually clean up after themselves and I've never seen the bathroom a wreck, which is pretty impressive! You may or may not find someone on the bench outside in a drunken slumber, or puking, or sleep puking (I saw it once, so I know its real), but just jump over them and carry on, Crif Dogs awaits!All in all it's a bit pricey for a hot dog, and its no Hot Doug's (you know what I'm saying Chicagoans?), but it is damn tasty. They've got a big board of dogs, meat and veggie variety, with all kinds of nasty delicious things slapped on them. They also serve Six Point beers and sides like tater tots. Personally, I skip the sides and go for the BLT: Hot dog wrapped in bacon, with lettuce, tomato, and mayo. I gross myself out every time I eat it, but damn if it's not just the best thing. Thank you Crif Dogs for being a neon glowing beacon of hope and respite in a sea of drunken hipsters and long bathroom lines. You complete me.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,7/24/2014,93,509,8,7,7>For a small plate restaurant, this is five star awesomeness.Let's see... what do I like about Bergen Hill?Warm and inviting.Seafood. Small plates but really ideal portions. Hamachi. Octopus (very good).Vegetables. We ordered everything on the 'veg' menu. Mushrooms. Kale. All very tasty.Well curated collection of  wine and spirits. Jura white (although Chardonnay) by the glass. Scotch. Aperitifs. Now, I don't want to blasphemous, but Dover is right across the street. Both my dining companion (foxy wife) and I both felt that Bergen Hill's food had more in common and a similar 'lick your plate' quality to Battersby than Dover does.Issues? It's small. Which I like, but if you and your 10 friends want to celebrate your birthday, I'd probably look elsewhere. I don't believe there is any beef/chicken/pork on the menu. I'm totally fine with that, but if you don't eat seafood and hate vegetables, well, you'll be cranky (but you probably already were).
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,7/23/2014,674,592,5,4,6>There's a reason this place is mobbed...I might have even bumped into your mother.This establishment was known to me, but it took my gal pal who recently moved here to finally, well, move me to come here for a light lunch.  The crowd, however, was far from light.  It was PACKED!!  People sitting to the far left at little cafe tables, and then a line of people to order from the bakery and then run.  We braved the crowd, and squeezed into a table against the wall - perfect.The menu is like reading an article in the New York Times!  Patience is a virtue, and make sure you take your precious time in deciding, because you don't want to regret that last minute decision.  We opted to get a house salad that was HUGE!  But it was absolutely delicious!  Wonderfully and lightly dressed, with freshness in each bite; just simply awesome.  The sandwich that we decided to split was eggplant with fresh mozzarella, broccoli rabe, and roasted peppers.  The sandwich was so gigantic, I don't know how it would be humanly possible for one person to even think about eating that in one sitting!  It was lethal!  The bread....a moment of silence for the bread......thank you Paneantico! Stop in and get there early enough to get a seat so you can people watch, and then let the people watch you eat that sandwich; suckers!!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,6/12/2012,90,122,7,9,9>I've only visited on the weekends and it's pretty quiet in MetroTech on non-work days so I can't attest to the "waiting" many people comment on ....I absolutely love this place.  With a $5.00 bill you and a friend can have a feast.  I feel like that is how a dumpling house is supposed to be.  The soups are pretty big which is why they have a higher price tag (around $5.00 each) but ordering a batch of dumpling for $1-$3 and having enough for leftovers is what makes this place great.There has always been the same older woman that really doesn't speak much English at all that has taken my order every time and she is SUPER SWEET.  She dropped some type of sweet bread in my bag one day and smiled at me (^__^)**WARNING:  The fried dumplings are sort of hit or miss.  They can be really, REALLY fried.  I usually always order the boiled dumplings to avoid this problem.  They taste better anyways.If you're in the MetroTech area or hanging at Dekalb market make sure to stop by.FAV: Boiled pork & cabbage.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/11/2012,239,298,7,6,4>Let's just start by saying that there's no way on God's green earth that this place is vegan.  The food here is way too delicious.  I mean seriously, I'm addicted to the cinnamon rolls. Even my carnivore friend loves them.  The cakes in the display make my mouth water.  And those cookies?  Holy christ...gigantic treats of sinful yumminess.  Vegan?  For REAL?  Getthefuggouttahere.....Yes, it's that good.  If you're a vegan, or non-vegan......screw it, if you have a sweet tooth of any kind....get your ass over here for some awesomeness.  But please don't even try the cinnamon rolls. You will become an addict like me and have the urge to head over here every weekend.  Those cinnamon rolls are like vegan crack.  Thank you Clementine for opening in the Bed-Clinton-Stuy-Hill whatever the hell 'hood you wanna claim area.  You rock my tummy with yummy.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,6/10/2012,345,447,4,11,3>I'm sipping my upgraded 24 oz of delicious heaven as I type out this review. Kung Fu tea has come a long way since it opened in flushing some 4 years ago. I'm extremely excited that they've decided to open a store in a very busy 86th st area where youngsters and shoppers alike are traveling back and forth. This place is sure to have business.  I was anticipating this store opening for the longest time. When it finally opened about a week ago I knew.. that my wallet was going to become an over sized chubby monster to a dwindling little skinny purple square.The interior of this store is EXTREMELY spacious. You can definitely hangout in this place if you choose to. They have enough chairs and tables to accommodate roughly 20 people.The drinks are your standard KFT drink. If you've tried their drinks at any other KFT location, you'd know how it taste like. I do have to say though, the tea of this place is very strong. It's not something you would like to drink all the time, but then again who drinks bubble tea roughly 3 times a week? (oh wait, I do.. haha...)It's a solid spot with nice decor, great mirrors to stare at and pretty quick friendly service.   I love how they have a shaker for the milk tea here and they don't just spoon the milk tea into a cup, seal it and then serve it to you (ahem, hitea...) As summer is approaching, I'm sure this place will be busy and overflowing with business, good luck to you guys KFT! good drinks!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,6/9/2012,584,571,6,8,9>This spacious but no-frills salon offers an unbeatable price on Japanese straightening, $150, which is roughly half the going rate in Manhattan, and a small price to pay for having frizz-free hair despite the monsoons of May and the humidity this summer promises.  The process is very efficient (no pampering), and because it was empty in the salon when I went, I had three people attending to me. The owner, Mini, is very nice and knowledgeable.  Brooklyn residents looking for good summer hair need look no further than Mini Hair Village.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,6/8/2012,15,171,8,7,7>Don't go. You'll never get a table, because I am going to get them all.Best restaurant in the city. Charming, laid-back, inexpensive, and every single dish is better than the last. The Angolou and Poulet l'Estragon are personal favorites.Again, do not go here.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,6/7/2012,8,49,8,6,6>I was born in and lived in New Orleans for years.    Tchoup Shop's food is some of the best NOLA cuisine you will find anywhere.   If I'm ever feeling a little hometown sickness, Tchoup Shop is the cure.     It doesn't hurt that they are hosted by d.b.a, with their awesome beer selection.   Great place to kickback on a Sunday.   I laugh at everyone waiting in their brunch lines as I make my way over here.  Muahahahah.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,6/6/2012,53,44,4,12,6>Ridiculously good. Like, explosion in your mouth kind of good.Things to note:1) Absolutely make reservations - this place is so tiny (barely seats 10) so it will, inevitably, be quite packed2) In fact, it's so small that they have no bathroom so make sure to handle your business before you come here (or else you'll have to visit the bodega across the street)3) Cash only4) Bring a bottle of wine with you - they don't sell alcohol5) Come hungry & don't leave without trying the homemade doughnuts!6) I wouldn't compare this to a Michelin rated restaurant but for the location, quality & price, it definitely deserves 5 starsWe had: Appetizers: Wild Mushrooms (yummy but could be skipped), Mac & Cheese with Truffle Oil (if you like smokey flavors, you'll love this version), Pommes Frites (soo fresh & the accompanying homemade ketchup is on another level)Entrees: Kimchi Buillabaisse (this dish epitomizes the cuisine here - never thought korean/french fusion would taste soo good), Lamb Shank (so rich in flavor) and a Kobe Beef Burger (my fiance loved it). The attention to detail is superb.Dessert: Citrus doughnuts (homemade, light & so fresh)We had an amazing dinner and will definitely be back soon.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,6/5/2012,136,150,4,8,3>I must have walked past Spuyten Duyvil a dozen times before ever stepping foot inside. I'm sure I'm not the only one. There's no sign. The red facade and elementary school desks sitting in the windows aren't exactly telling of what the place is all about. And what is the place all about? Two things: superb beer and a gorgeous backyard in which to drink it.The prices are immediately off putting for your average beer consumer. Rarely does one walk into a beer bar and see the chalkboard menu laced exclusively with $9 - 14 beers. On top of that, there are usually only 5 or 6 on draft, which makes your options somewhat limited. Fortunately, like all good places, you pay for what you get. For one, the beers, both draft and bottled, are coddled with extraordinary care from barley field to tap. You know where your money is going as soon as you put your lips to it. For two, you rarely find these beers anywhere else. Can you tell me the last time you sipped a bitter-spring pumpkin ale from a crystal wine glass? I can tell you the last time I did. The real gem of Spuyten Duyvil, though, is the backyard. Picture towering brick walls draped in vines, big trees and comfortable patio chairs. In the summer, thick green leaves shield you from the relentless sun. In the spring, tree blossoms fall like snowflakes, dancing around the rim of your wine glass. In the fall, well... you get the idea. Three things keep Spuyten Duyvil from getting 5 stars: one is the pricing. The second  is the service - if the staff was as gracious in helping you carry things and bus your tables as they are knowledgeable about the product, this place would be the unequivocal best. I have a hard time coming to terms with having to carry 5 dirty glasses back to the bar when I'm paying $15 a beer. The third is the iron-clad hours of operation. I've spent many a disappointed national holiday showing up here with a group, only to realize the place isn't nimble enough or just doesn't care to serve on offbeat days with high-demand.In any case, I love this bar. You will too... Now where my bitter-young pumkin ale at.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,6/4/2012,173,588,1,4,3>This might be the best dinner option in New York City right now. I'm not exaggerating. It's damn good.The pork bellies come in a sauce that you'll end up dipping everything else into, including the sausage, which is awesome on its own. The pork bone soup is surprisingly good. I'm not sure what I expected, but I didn't expect it to be so damn good.That's kind of the whole experience here. It's not what you're going to expect. Have you heard their wings are marinated with fish sauce? You're going to believe it's the world's best kept secret for the most amazing wings you've ever had in your life. To top it off, you should try to 'drinking vinegar' drinks. When you receive your drink, be sure to stir up the bottom. It's awesome. Yes, you're drinking vinegar. I also had a Stone Fence that added draft cider to drinking vinegar. It was awesome. There were 4 of us when we went, so we were able to get the condensed milk ice cream with a donut, the Coconut Ice Cream Sandwich and the Whiskeysoda Float.  It is rare for me to enjoy all the dessert options somewhere, but all of these were freaking amazing. WHISKEY,COLA AND ICE CREAM! How can that NOT be awesome? There's a book store and a bar next door where you can waste the 45 minutes to an hour waiting for your table. It's worth it. I can't wait to go back and have chicken wings, pork bellies, and whiskeysoda floats.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,6/3/2012,320,397,8,11,9>I don't go always go hogging but when I do it's heritage pork.Did you know pigs have a pouch where they carry the sins of mankind? I did not know this until I popped the first morsel of jowl in to my mouth which instantly melted in to what can only be described as liquid decadence. I think there might have been meat in it but I don't know or care because it would probably just get in the way. You can spread this stuff on toast because of how creamy, rich and soft it is.The brisket was good with a flavor I have never tasted before but be warned that it depends where in the cut your piece comes from that determines how tender it is. One slice was incredibly soft and another was much chewier and a little tougher. It's not gonna change your life but it should be on your brisket-to-try-before-I-die list.In must-have order on your first visit:1. Brisket (beans as a side too)2. Pork Jowl3. Ribs4. Sausage5. SirloinYou'll probably order three out of that list tops unless you're some kind of sick bastard who can eat more than a pound and a half of fatty pork in one sitting. If you're with a big group you can all order a big heap of everything and figure out some kind of sharing arrangement to sample more things.Bring a pillow for the subway or have a car waiting for you when you get out cause the 'itis gonna get yo ass when you leave this joint son! After 1 1/4 pounds of glistening pork I was nodding off in to a smoke-flavored coma even a shot of adrenaline couldn't wake me from.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/12/2014,134,156,6,9,7>This may be my new favorite bar! Came by on Saturday before dinner at Traif. I love the idea of hidden speakeasy bars and am always on the look out for good finds. (I mean 'yelpsessed' duhhhh of course I am) Anyway - I love this place. The entrance is kind of hidden so just keep an eye out for the number and you'll find it no problem. It is so cool in here - very dimly lit and kind of sexxxxyyyy.The drinks are strong and as a smoker I love the outdoor smoking balcony you can get to from inside. That's pretty badass huh? Drinks are pretty good price wise. I believe my dark & stormy was $10.When we arrived at 7ish it was completely empty but by the time we left at 8pm it was starting to pick up. They allow you to reserve a section on their website so I would check that out if you come in a large group. All of the seats inside were reserved when we arrived but not until 9pm so we had no problem getting a seat!I will 100% be back... maybe tonight actually. CHEERS.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/11/2014,326,607,4,10,10>The food here is truly just as good as their unlimited drink brunch as advertised. Which often enough places will get one right and not the other. Not enough drinks or sloppy eggs with zero flavor. Nope. Not here. Your option for drinks can be either for $15 unlimited mimosa, bellini, or bloody mary plus your entrée fee. Or you can go crazy and get the $20 unlimited drink option which is the restaurant's special version of a mimosa with whiskey mixed into the mess. I decided to not go crazy and destroy my weekend with getting obliterated; though I am intrigued with whether this combination actually tastes good or not. Again, drink re-fills are not stingy in the slightest and I felt good after several rounds of billinis.To start with we decided to split a side of their macaroni and cheese. Their mac n cheese though deserves an exclamation point. This is how gouda mac n cheese SHOULD be made. Not a gloppy mess of goo like I've had before but a creamy decadent perfection with those shells sopping up both a smoky and tangy cheesy perfection. For my entrée I had the the shrimp po boy sandwich that was smeared with a tangy mayonnaise and avocado and came with a side of French fries that were both crisp and seasoned incredibly well. The po boy was served on a baguette sliced angularly and wasn't too insanely heavy despite those shrimps being battered and deep fried. My friend went with the Berta Burger: grass fed beef, bacon, house pickles, provolone, smoked creole remoulade, and parmesan dusted fries on the side. I was jealous of her parmesan. Where's my parmesan?! Her burger looked disturbingly good despite her ordering things cooked too well done for my liking. On tables nearby I glanced over longingly at both the shrimp and grits and the southern fried chicken and waffles. They also had stuffed nutella French toast as a special for the day. I had so many issues with picking what I wanted to have because frankly I wanted some of EVERYTHING.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,7/10/2014,320,397,11,12,8>Many drafts.Such pinball.Another round please.Outdoor Patio.Put another shrimp on the barbie lol.One bathroom.Bearded men.Bearded woman.Happy birthday to me.More cake.Happy hour thank you.Order wings from Dinosaur.Wow.Non-Doge note: There's a lot of dogs at this bar.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,7/9/2014,230,479,5,13,12>When someone says to you: "I don't really like coffee, but this, is good coffee", do you ever stop to think "well if you don't like coffee, how do you KNOW this is good coffee??"So heed this review in that light.  Because I really don't like Italian food, but man, this was good Italian food!  The grilled calamari is perhaps among the best I've ever had.  The arugula, lemon and red onions gave it a wonderful contrast.  For a main, I had the seafood risotto.  I've never liked risotto in any form but since it was talked up as THE dish to try at this restaurant, I did... and I was not disappointed.  It was fantastic.Loved the setting, loved the service, loved the ambiance.  It's a winner.  I believe I now have a go to Italian spot.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,7/8/2014,55,346,18,19,30>Prospect Park, I love you, and I hate you. You are my morning ritual. At the crack of dawn, I rise out of a sea of coziness and lace up my running shoes ... and we begin our morning dance. On lazy Sundays, when the rest of the world catches up on sleep, you and I set out on a labor of love. I've literally logged hundreds of miles on your concrete trails, gotten lost one or two times in your dreamy tree-lined walkways, fallen asleep in your grassy knolls on blissful summer days, and always, always been cradled by your beauty, no matter what activity we're engaging in.Some call you the little brother of Central Park, or Brooklyn's "wannabe" - but I? I think there's no comparing the two of you. You're different beasts, and you walk a different walk. Even on Saturdays, when the Green Army Plaza is packed with locals queuing for tasty goodies, you maintain that trademark Brooklyn vibe (laaaid back). With less tourist-fueled frenetic energy than Manhattan's parks, you'll always, always be my go-to.When my IT band is screaming and my muscles are cramped, you encourage me to keep going by throwing in a downward slope, or by spilling sunshine through the clouds at that last moment when I think I might just give up and start walking. You're a tease, but I love it all the same.Don't ever change, except only to keep aging like a fine wine.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,7/7/2014,486,517,11,17,14>I've had so many trips here. I remember taking trips here when I was a little kid with my mother. Trips with my elementary school. Taking my students on school trips here. This is my favorite place to have trips! Trips can be long, tiring and fun. Just make sure you bring some water, you don't want to dehydrate on a trip. After a trip here, you'll never be the same! As always my centennial reviews are devoted to Brooklyn classics, which I've been to many of times and have fond memories of since I was a kid. That's why I'm happy to make my 400th the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.As mentioned I always came here as a little kid with my mother. She came here with her mother and she later brought me. My fondest and most vivid memories as a young child are of spending time in the Japanese Hill and Pond Garden. It's truly beautiful. It has wooden bridges, stone lanterns, a viewing pavilion, a Shinto shrine and plenty of little fellows hanging around. No, not little people! Animals! Turtles, fish, frogs and plenty of birds hanging around, taking in the beautiful scenery along with you. It's one of the best parts of the garden. You should come here on a trip and just stare at those turtles. Whenever I came here as a student in elementary school, my friends and I always thought the coolest part was of course the Green House Pavilions. They have three different pavilions. A tropical, a desert and a warm temperature. And you'll really feel those conditions when you step into them. OHHHHHH THE HUMIDITY! (It messes with my hair) Like me when I was a youth, my students have lots of fun in the green houses as well. It's just a mission trying to keep them off everything. "No, it's not a good idea to touch the cactus!" This is definitely one of the coolest (or warmest) parts to go to if you ever have a trip here.  The Children's Garden is great for kids. It's interactive, educational and has special events. In the spring the Garden holds a $1 dollar plant sale in the Children's Garden for kids. They get also get tons of other free goodies. The small and tiny houses make it a fun place to check out while a trip. As an adult who has come here, I've occasionally run into the no fun police. These people are here for one reason and one reason only. To ensure you are not having fun. No smiling, no laughing, no having a good time. They ruin moments by screaming rules and regulations to no one in particular and out of no where, all while people were enjoying themselves. They typically do this in the Cherry Esplanade. This is the one part of the garden where people are allowed to sit but make sure you have no blankets, jackets on the ground, foreign objects and most importantly, fun. The Cherry Esplanade is where the Cherry Blossoms come in to full bloom every spring. I actually came here unknowingly one spring afternoon during the Cherry Blossom festival. It was packed. Tons of people, decked out in anime and cos play outfits. After that I realized I needed to have more trips here. Right next to the Cherry Blossom Garden is the Cranford Rose Garden, another beautiful and iconic part of the garden. It's a little like a maze, which is fun for all kinds of trips. A part of the garden that people don't often explore but is very interesting is the Native Flora Garden. It's a bit secluded from the rest of the garden. Not many venture over here. Filled with windy paths, tall trees that block out the sun and tons of bird life making sounds from all sorts of directions, it can get a bit spooky. On a trip here once, one of my friends wasn't enjoying it. I led him out and he was fine after that. Maybe he was getting too dehydrated from walking around all over the place. Remember to bring that water. Depending one what entrance you come from the Osborne Garden can be the beginning or end of your trip. A visually stunning part of the garden, lined up with perfect symmetry. I actually prefer to begin my trips here. One time, my friends and I came across a dead rabbit. It inspired us to discuss life and death, such serious conversation for what was just going to be a regular trip to the garden. The Brooklyn Botanic Garden is a landmark worth coming to, soaking in the sun and enjoying nature. You can lay down and relax, well at least until the no fun police come and make you get up. So take my advice, make your next trip one that you'll be having too much fun to properly remember. You won't even be able to form a sentence or put your thoughts into words. You'll definitely lose all concept of time. You won't even believe what you see. And after awhile, you might not be able to get up off the floor or wonder where you are in this vast place. All here at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,7/6/2014,113,183,4,15,5>I often get un-voted out of going here by the sweetie mainly because she prefers the fancy coffee at a nearby restaurant, but Clark's Restaurant, which I often mistakenly call the Clark St. Diner (sorry guys!), is the best of the diner-style restaurants in the Downtown Brooklyn corridor. Hands down!What makes it so good is not only the food - tasty, plentiful, and served quickly - but the customer service. From the managers on duty to the wait staff to the busboys EVERYONE is so kind and helpful.  Even when the place is packed, as it often is, you are well attended to.  In all fairness I've only ever had breakfast or brunch here, but I need to go more often to check out their lunch and dinner options, which appear to be very good.The only negative about Clark's is they lead me to a thinner wallet!  We always order a lot (the food is presented well and I'm often peering at other tables ordering what they have) and leave a big tip because all these folks easily deserve it.  What a great spot.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,7/5/2014,132,190,2,7,5>Really excited about a nice intimate Italian restaurant on Franklin Ave! The food was really good and I love the mix and match pasta and sauce menu. I also tried a side of the polenta which was absolutely delicious. HUGE fan. The crostinis are $3 a pop which is awesome for a light appetizer before dinner. And the panna cotta was a perfect end to the meal- and I'm a critic on panna cotta. The bartender was really nice and service was polite and attentive. They have a great drink menu and I tried a lemon martini and another blood orange/prosecco drink. I love the ambience of the place- small, dark and cozy. Definitely my type of place. It would be great for a date. I personally love a day when you can sit at the bar along the window and people watch. Very happy about this new addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,7/4/2014,28,105,4,6,4>A large jerk chicken: a huge portion of roasted chicken with as much jerk sauce as you're feeling up for, plus rice with curry or gravy, and some veggies...and you're on your way for $8.50 plus tax.  Yes please.Seating is minimal, but the folks behind the counter are nice and will help you out with extra (or light) sauce.  This isn't fine dining, but is it tasty, quick, and cheap while you're walking home from the subway after a long day at work?  You betcha.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/3/2014,75,134,4,7,5>Ok people BRACE yourselves because Richard is the most talented Physical Therapist that is in BROOKLYN. This is not a no frill treatment place. Richard not only utilizes techniques from his profession, but he also expanded his expertise in yoga, tai chi - different sources of exercise from different genres to improve knee pain, back  pain, shoulder pain, what ever pain you have.I started treatment with Richard in late 2007 after I ran the NYC Half Marathon and could not run any longer - Through various exercise -manual therapy and treatments, I was up and running again after three to four months. My knees were totally done at that time and could not walk properly with pain going up and down the stairs.Recently - I participated in the Tough Mudder in April 2013 - I damaged my knees even more - I could not do a burpee - I could not do a squat - I could not do any lunges - as a matter of fact the orthopedic doctor said NO SQUATS for you at all. I knew what I had to do - Search for Richard - and I found him. Richard repaired my knees in THREE MONTHS - I can do squats - burpees - lunges with no issues at all.I do not know what else to say about MovEvolution. If you are in pain of any sort - unbearable back, shoulder, knees, wrists, ankles - what ever it is - GO SEE RICHARD at MovEvolution. I promise you - you will not REGRET it!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/21/2013,39,368,4,5,6>I drank too much wine, ate too much pasta, and ordered too many desserts.  That's the kind of place Frankie's 457 is; an over-the-top explosion of excess, bleeding Brooklyn charm.The cavatelli is as good as everyone says, a giant mess of sage and butter and fat coins of hot sausage enrobing the morish pasta.  The octopus and dandelion salad is exactly the perfect appetizer, an offsetting dance of meaty cephalopod andlightly marinated green olives.   The sausage and polenta tastes as if one upended the platonic ideal of fairground sausage and onions over a buttery pool of corn.  None of these things is sophisticated or fancy.  They're just ridiculously good.NB: I also enjoyed my $13 half liter of house wine.  No, it's not the best wine, but it was decent wine at the best price.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,8/20/2013,27,680,2,12,5>** 4.5 stars **Even in a city teeming with remarkable restaurants and talent, Blanca's entry into the high-end tasting menu scene commanded attention.  Located in a gentrifying but still gritty, working class neighborhood in Brooklyn, a borough rarely recognized for its culinary work nationally or internationally.  It is the latest development in the organic growth of its chef's work, a side project at Roberta's.Limited to six seatings a week, 12 diners at a time at a counter, an increasingly popular model less egalitarian than tables; cost notwithstanding, it can be near impossible to secure a seat.  The process has recently transitioned from phone to online, seats opening 30 days prior to dining date.Blanca has no direct public entrance.  Guests check-in at Roberta's front desk, and are escorted separately to Blanca via a labyrinthine path; like a secret passageway, the background noise of Roberta's crowds heightening the contrast.The first impression upon entering Blanca is of unexpected spaciousness.  One senses it was not designed as a restaurant.  The set-up is essentially a professional grade kitchen that happens to have a counter planted on one side for diners, like voyeurs, to watch the show.  Apropos at a time when watching a kitchen in action is routine, televised entertainment.  Work stations are arranged to facilitate viewing of each step of food preparation and plating for successive courses.  There isn't a bad seat in the house.The stark white and gleaming silver surfaces of the kitchen feel aseptic, but that is as it should be.  Although the space itself could never be called warm, diners need not want for comfort.  The upholstered, swivel bar chairs are sturdy and plush.  There's a turntable with LPs that guests may play.  Freshen up in a roomy bathroom with a Japanese toilet, behind a curtain framed by an Asian-style wood lattice.  Belongings go on shelves behind the seats, including cell phones and cameras.  Blanca's current policies do not permit photography, although note-taking gets a pass.The staff do much to elevate the experience.  As attentive, polished, and proficient as a fine white-cloth dining venue, but with a rare, easy friendliness that is disarming and refreshing.  The dining counter actually facilitates a degree of intimacy with the staff impossible with a traditional table set-up, which made their poise and confidence all the more important.  They met that challenge, treating guests warmly, knowledgeably describing courses, and ensuring the parade of plates hummed along smoothly.  With chef Carlo Mirarchi working but keeping a low profile, the kitchen started shortly after reservation time.  He served some of the courses himself, but without fanfare.  Based on online descriptions, the number and types of courses remain consistent, with frequent seasonal variation.  The courses, near as I recollect sans note-taking, were:     Basque cider     Osetra caviar w/parsnip cream     Cherry in almond milk     Fried sweetbread w/kaffir lime     Potato and sweet potato w/buttermilk, chrysanthemum leaf, & watercress juice     Aged pork     Wagyu beef in kohlrabi broth     Tofu w/pea puree     Sea perch     Crudo (octopus, sardine, glass shrimp, bonito, cobia, herring)     Agnolotti w/shaved black truffle & plankton     Pici pasta w/shaved geoduck     Nduja ravioli w/Calabrian chile     Carrot sorbet      Bread course (whole wheat, baguette, buckwheat walnut, semi white)     Pork loin     King crab w/plankton butter sauce     Dry aged steak     Roast Sasso chicken     Cucumber sorbet w/gin granita     La Tur cheese on citron     Strawberry dessert w/meringue     Toasted angel food shortcake     Mint tea     Mezcal macaron, ginger candyThe quality of the food and preparation was almost universally exceptional.  The impact of some ingredient pairings were startling, such as a dab of parsnip cream on salty caviar, or subtly sweet kohlrabi with rich, silky Wagyu slices or smooth housemade tofu with fresh, sweet pea puree.  Wonderful baked breads with salt butter needed no further accompaniment.  Delicious crudo, each paired with a complementary flavor or ingredient.  Best of all were from the pasta courses: the agnolotti, each one an utterly perfect earthy mouthful of flavor, and the luscious, spicy Nduja ravioli.  Among the most memorable bites of late.  The only low was from over-salted chicken.  There was more than enough food by meal's end.An upscale dining experience, with a pleasing, scruffy Brooklyn touch.  A very fine tasting menu that ranks among the best I've had, with many unique and memorable creations.  As a whole, not as cohesive and seamless as I've had elsewhere but that rough edge is part of its excitement.  Blanca deserves its reputation, and is worth the effort to go.  Currently $180 per person, an additional $85 for a pairing that may include beer, wine, and sake.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,8/19/2013,222,375,6,9,4>You have to love any place that makes the air smell like heaven within a two block radius. The scent of fresh baked bread is absolutely fantastic. I'd been living in the neighborhood for a while and while I loved the amazing smells from the bakery, I never went in for some reason. Until I read on a food blog about Lard Bread. What! Had to try this. And wouldn't you know it, the best place to go is that same bakery I've been walking past all this time!And what an amazing thing Lard Bread is. This wonderfully crusty, chewy, soft, oily deliciousness made with lard, salami, and black pepper. I think there might even be a little cheese baked on top. Wrap it in foil and throw that in the oven for a few minutes to warm up, and I am swooning. Pair half a loaf with some soup, and it's a meal.Since discovering this, I have been back many times just to pick up a baguette with my bi-weekly grocery run. After having fresh baked loaves, I'll never go back to sliced bread! Tip: wrap any unused loaf tightly in foil, otherwise you'll have a bread-shaped club the next day. Effective as a weapon, not so great for eating.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,8/18/2013,109,310,3,4,4>This auto repair shop, Repairs on Wheels, is very reliable, extremely professional, honest, and gets the job done! Not to mention, the process was quick & reasonably priced. 41 reviews with a perfect 5 star rating speaks for itself. That was the major reason why I ended up choosing this shop, out of all the other repair shops in the area.My boyfriend was in major need of an oil change & an alignment. The managers (Alex & Dennis) were very professional and honest throughout the process. They informed us that they do not do alignments, and explained the reasons why they did not do it, which was appreciated. Although they could not do the alignment at the shop, they were both very helpful  and offered to recommend us to someone they knew who could do the alignment (which we forgot to ask).  The mechanic did a very thorough inspection of the car, and informed us that the front tires and brakes also needed to be changed (besides the oil). The part my bf & I Iiked about this shop is that the mechanic & Dennis showed us how damaged the tires & brakes were, and explained what they would do to fix it. And, we both appreciated the thorough breakdown of the prices which were very reasonable. When the car was fixed, my boyfriend was very pleased with the results. This shop is definitely very reliable.Besides great service & reasonable prices, this shop is very convenient (it is opened 24 hours). The staff are wonderful, and results do show. I highly recommend Repairs on Wheels for your auto repair needs.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/17/2013,147,201,1,5,5>I recently wrapped up my tap session at Mark Morris dance and I LOVED it. I took the beginners class on Tuesdays with Michela and she is everything you would want in a teacher. Cool, patient, and never makes you feel stupid for asking a question or telling her to repeat a move. Everyone in the class are there to try something new (those with some experience are there to have fun). It is a very welcoming and stress free environment.I've been traveling but will enroll in the next sessions now that my schedule is more flexible.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,8/16/2013,786,1284,5,6,7>splendid service and quality in drinks. my long time friend has a cousin who's lived a few stops away from me on the L line. we finally set up a meeting place and we both picked Dear Bushwick. from the moment we were seated, in between countless refills on waters and wonderfully crafted and mixed cocktails (i'm a whiskey/scotch kind of chick... so i was tickled with joy of their offerings!)- the service never changed. we had multiple people coming back and forth to our table to check up on us. we sat at that table for nearly 3 hours- never did the servers make us feel uncomfortable or unwanted- despite the other patrons who dined next to us. we spoke in broken/fusion korean and english throughout the whole meal. the food translated our foreign languages into a fluid-like atmosphere... konglish = korean + english: from english-style offerings like Crispy Brussel Sprouts w/ Spicy Mayo (so korean!!!), Seared Pork Belly (ssamgyupssal, anyone?) w/ cracklings and stewed currants, oh my! i'm excited to try out their menu when the fall season coming along! cheers!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,8/15/2013,177,289,5,9,7>About a month ago, I began searching for the perfect venue to host a surprise party for my boyfriend's birthday. Friends were flying in from around the country, and I wanted it to be pretty perfect. The criteria:-Good but affordable BBQ for my Texas-transplant guy-Fun atmosphere for a party-A restaurant that could accommodate a party of 25-30 on a Saturday night but wouldn't make me rent the whole place out-easily accessible by train from Brooklyn and ManhattanMable's fit the bill on all counts, and really made the night special for us. Meghan (one of the owners) emailed back and forth with me for several weeks, patiently answering my questions and adjusting the reservation as more people RSVPed. She reserved a huge long table at the front of the restaurant for us, and it worked out perfectly. The restaurant itself is so much fun. The food is perfectly aligned with the decor - BBQ meets down-home southern comfort and style, down to the wagon-wheel chandelier and animals' heads on the walls. The beer list features Lone Star, which I'm told is a Texas classic, and the cocktail list is creative. The BBQ itself is tasty, and more unusual for Brooklyn, AFFORDABLE! The birthday boy and I split the $27 deluxe combo, which comes with 3 meats and 3 sides. We had brisket, ribs, and pulled pork, and mac'n'cheese, potato salad, and baked beans. All were delicious, but my favorites were the ribs and the mac.I would recommend Mable's 150% to host your next party, or just to hang with a group of friends on a Saturday night! It was wonderful.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,8/14/2013,168,363,6,9,9>As it says on their website: "No trip to Coney Island is complete without a stop at the legendary Ruby's Bar & Grill!"  This is the absolute truth.I think the first time I came here was back in 1996. It was a lot darker and danker back then and it really was a dive bar. It was sketchy, but I was attracted to it and had returned to it many times over the years. Most recently, a friend and I stopped by for a few beers before the Mermaid Parade. I hadn't been back to Coney since before hurricane Sandy. After seeing the destruction and loss that occurred, I am elated to see that Ruby's (and the rest of Coney) are back. Ruby's is an institution, you *have* to have a drink here. It's very relaxed and you will see quite a cross-section of NYC here. Sit inside, or outside and watch the world pass by.Beer Island is gone, Cha-Cha's is gone...and Ruby's remains. Long live Ruby's!!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,8/12/2013,557,1415,10,6,6>I have a buddy from beer club who has a secret plot to turn the world vegan, but he likes beer so I don't let a little thing like plots for world domination get in the way of our friendship.He planned a beer club meetup for this place and called the place "a former casket factory that's now a hipster-y vegan bar".  And that is an apt description.   I still wasn't sure to expect, but I happily hopped the L train to Morgan Ave and before you can say "seitan", I was walking through the doors at Pine Box.Impressive.  That's the word I can think to describe it.  Clean and well laid out, with super friendly bartenders, it's a very nice place.  Not fancy nice, but chill and relaxed nice.  Very good beer selection as well and beer club members were enjoying a wide variety from pilsners to stouts.  I stuck with the Brooklyn Winter and it was tasty.  They must clean their taps regularly because there was none of that stale aftertaste you get if that doesn't happen.Some of the folks ate some food, which they all said was good.   The crowd seemed nice too.  Nobody looked at me cross-eyed because I was wearing a suit rather than a full beard, trucker hat and horn rimmed glasses.  Actually, I was impressed by the variety of beards that were there.  What can I say, I appreciate diversity in facial hair!I would definitely recommend this place.  If you think it's in the middle of nowhere, get over yourself.  It is a block from the subway and the train probably takes you 10-15 minutes tops to get into Manhattan.  You don't have to be vegan or be in beer club to like this place.  You just have to be awesome....like me.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/11/2013,96,97,21,13,11>SoCo - superhero salvager of bad dates, is officially one of my favorite BK spots after a recent date from hell ended in bliss thanks to the Smoked BBQ Chicken entree.  In a nutshell - my date calls at 8:20 to tell me he'd be late for our 8 o'clock date, arrives at 9pm, hasn't chosen a venue,  and then suggests that I drive since I know where we're going.  It wasn't until I pulled up in front of SoCo that I realize he was um...on his four twenty...  Did I mention his tank was on E?  Yes, count them - inconsiderate, late, unprepared, unchivalrous, and inebriated - the five reasons why we won't ever (ever, ever) see each other again - converging together in perfect epic failure.  Yet I will always remember this night fondly because the BBQ Chicken entree at SoCo was so freaking delicious that it trumped every disastrous detail of that date.  It sort of went like this:I can't believe I'm out with this disaster of a douche bag...Mmmmm this chicken is deliciousWho freaking calls 20 minutes after the date is supposed to start to say they're going to be late???OMG this chicken is so good.I should have stayed home...wait, but then I wouldn't be having this yummy chickenI wonder what's in this BBQ sauceOh dear god, the mashed potatoes are yummy too.  I can't eat all of these potatoes.  Oh but they're so good...Endorphines --to-- Happiness --to-- Happy food dance (yes, there is an actual dance).Not even Mr.Imperfect could spoil that meal.  Now, if that isn't good grub, worthy of 4 stars (and perhaps a superhero cape)...I don't know what is.  FYI - I've had several items on the menu (including the Chicken and Red Velvet Waffle and Shrimp, Lobster and Grits - the former being just okay, the latter being quite tasty) and I must say the BBQ chicken is hands down the menu winner.  Also a nice place to join your neighborhood Knicks fans to watch the game.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,4/3/2014,96,97,9,11,11>When you're having men problems, there's nothing more comforting than a homegirl willing to listen, a bubbling pot of melted cheese, and a good glass of wine.  Such was the scene during my first visit to The Jakewalk.  My friend and I dished over cheese fondue and a nice bottle of wine and let the comfort food and alcohol work their magic.  The dimly-lit, intimate setting of the dining room was the perfect backdrop for sharing details, qualms and a few necessary eye-rolls.To be clear, the fondue was delicious - warm, hearty and savory.  However, that night, the food played second fiddle to some much-needed gal-pal companionship and I was happy to have The Jakewalk oblige.I would suggest for a first date, as fondue is made for intimate sharing and is somewhat out of the box for many people.  Reasonable prices, good food, and friendly staff makes this place worth a visit!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,4/2/2014,220,308,8,11,9>A great place to stop for a delicious, healthy snack and an only-on-Nostrand-Avenue experience. Punchline has terrific fresh juices and a nice falafel sandwich. The other vegetarian dishes on their menu look great too, although I never tried them.The main drawbacks are that it gets crowded, the line gets long, and the wait can be a bit excessive for a take-out counter -- but at least the people waiting here are interesting. The customers reflect the diversity of the neighborhood: a mix of hipsters, homesteaders and dreadlocked rastas. It's worth a stop if you happen to be on this part of Nostrand.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,3/31/2014,34,85,7,9,10>Open letter to Purbird:Purbid, you've spoiled me. Before we met, I used to be able to enjoy chicken wraps at any grease truck, cafeteria, rest stop, fast-food joint, or diner because they were all pretty much the same and, and, and...I didn't know any better. I didn't know that chicken could taste so good. So damned good.But now I know. And there's no going back. Every time I'm within shouting distance of St. Marks and 6th, I try to find an excuse, any excuse, to come by for a Chicken Thigh Wrap (spicy) with a side of mashed. Sometimes I do. Sometimes I don't. But just know that it's the first thing I think about when I'm in your neighborhood, and the last thing I want in my stomach if chicken is involved.Sincerely,your most satisfied customer
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,3/30/2014,57,302,3,10,9>This is how to treat your customers!Favorite restaurant in Dyker Heights.  Food is fantastic, service even more exceptional.I have ordered food from this place through Seamless Web twice.  The steak is cooked to perfection.  The homemade fries are great with sea salt. I ordered a steak that was suppose to come with rice and greens and fries on the side.  I only received the steak and fries.  So I call back to see what happened to the rice and greens and just asked for a replacement for my missed item on my next order.  After some deliberation between the workers in the restaurant, I was told I would receive a new order delivered right away.  Holy cow, did they make my day.  Kudos!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,3/29/2014,110,158,3,7,7>I can't believe this place was open for over 7 weeks before I stepped inside. The place is so simple but very charming. The owner was the cutest and sweetest person. She explained everything to me and I ended up with a cappuccino flavored meringue, a chocolate cream puff, and a lemon cream puff. All three blew me away. Incredibly rich and delicious yet small and light. Truly the perfect dessert. I hope Caprices sticks around. I love having it in the neighborhood now that I've found it!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/28/2014,281,281,17,21,13>No restaurant can be all things to all people, but Mayfield's does come close.a. Just want to grab some food and watch the game ? Then you'll want to sit at the bar. They have wonderful, rotating,  beers on tap, the bartenders are always friendly and will make great recommendations. The fish and chips ($16) is a very good option but the burger ($15) is amazing. You have you choice of cheese, bacon, mushroom and grilled onions, and honestly it's one of the best burgers I've had. Juicy, well seasoned etc.. It's right up there with Dumont Burger and Two8Two. If there's a critique it's that it's too big. It's just a little unwieldy too handle and you'll probably want to take a long nap after.( yes I passed on the obvious dirty jokes, make up your own)b. Looking for a date spot ?The have a great wine selection and several excellent small plates for sharing.two of my favorites are the fried oysters over salmon ($12) and fried clam bellies ($13). They are so good you won't want to share but you'll force yourself to behave, it's date stupid !!c. You don't eat meat ?Mayfield's  has a great array of options for vegetarians. From wonderful roasted brussels sprouts ($10) as an app or the Cauliflower Custard ($15) entree, you should find something delicious to eat. The cauliflower custard is done with roasted broccoli and onion faro and was really fantastic. My date ordered it but I probably ate half. No there wasn't a second date but it was worth it. Also if they have the mushroom bread pudding with farro, order it. Seasonal dish but one my favorites.d. You love meat ?Get the pork chop ($22) End of story.e. Don't eat pork ?Then the buttermilk fried quail ($20) will be a more than satisfying back up. The quail is smaller than chicken but  so very tasty. The spoonbread and collards it comes with are done very well and together makes for a filling meal.f. Hey I'm broke !!Like I said it comes close to satisfying a lot of criteria, cheap eats isn't one of them. I thought it was a bit overpriced when i first started coming here, but after several more expensive, mediocre meals in the city ,  I realize the prices aren't bad at all.f. still not sure ? Well there's not much i , or anyone,  can do for you then.Just go !!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/27/2014,104,26,7,13,9>A gem of a discovery in Bay Ridge!This is the kind of French Food-faire you'd expect in some hoighty-toighty (sp?) location in the city but nope, it's safely tucked away in neighborly mom n'pop Bay Ridge, Brooklyn and I am A-OK with that.  I hope Petit Oven is here to stay!This is the perfect place for a grown adult (child) to:1) Partake in a romantic date with your significant other.2) Get treated to a fancy-pants drunkie dinner with your middle-aged parents who will most certainly foot the bill.  (I picked this one!)The restaurant recommends you make a reservation ahead of time and from my guess it's because it operates true to its name -- it's a small establishment that fills up quick in its peak hours.  I came at 6:30 to an empty restaurant and left when it was filling up.  They also have Happy Hour $1 oysters until 7 so we (my grown-ass self and my parents who footed the bill, yay!) took full advantage of that.I'm under the impression that the restaurant offerings are seasonal and that's cool if you like variety and if you don't, go to McDonald's, you philistine!  Our server was knowledgable with her wine recommendations and giving us the lowdown on what goes down on the daily (chef goes to the market during the day, picks out some cool ingredients and really just improvises a fantastic flavorful menu), I can't complain about talent like that and you get what you pay for...culinary GENIUS.Menu items worth writing home about:1) Escargot = Holy shit, when you're done eating the snails, sop up the leftover HERBY GARLIC OIL SAUCE, with more bread.2) Proteins (Duck and Steak) = Cooked to perfection.  Duck had crispy skin, Steak was moist and delish.3) Bread Pudding = Because. Bread. Pudding.A bit on the pricier side but we had an undeniably great time.  Great service, great food -- Would definitely come back with my folks or the bf if we felt like splurging and enjoying a relaxing night out without the fuss of heading into the city.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,3/26/2014,187,361,5,10,4>I came here with a party of 6 for a friend's birthday. We had a great time and the food was excellent. I am drooling thinking about it.The meat and cheese plates are delicious, though a little pricey. The steak tartare is awesome. I got the wild boar pasta and loved every bite. Is it gauche to lick the bowl?We wracked up a giant bill (I am talking over 500 bucks ACK!) but we got about three appetizers, 6 entrees and a ton of drinks. The cocktails are a steep 10-13 bucks each, but if you aren't a bunch of drunks like we are you probably won't get into the same predicament.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/25/2014,111,104,10,12,9>Toss yo diet cuz here's the deal:CRACK PIE.Blueberries & Cream Cookie.Cornflake Marshmallow Cookie.Cereal Milk Soft Serve WITH  cornflake crunch.Don't ask, just do.Oh and you're welcome.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,3/24/2014,26,132,10,10,4>If Output books more of my favorite artists, it'll easily become my favorite venue. * No bottle service = people who genuinely enjoy the music and want to dance* Smooth lines to get in, for security, and coat check. Bar can be iffy.* Dat sound* The most pleasant concert venue staff* No dress code!There's not a ton of production value lighting-wise, which I dig. If you're seeing a performer who's any good, why do you need video and lightshows?But really, I've gotta emphasize the crowd. Even at Skrillex last week. A few sketchballs rolled in early on in the night -- saw some acrobatic twerking like no other -- but they quickly fizzled out once Skrillex started playing a house/techno set. Muahaha.LOL TIME: Last night I was reminded of the no camera policy by 4 different bouncers on the way in. Then, once inside, the coat check lady told me to take a photo of my ticket. I was like, ?¿?¿?¿?¿?
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,12/11/2013,676,794,8,11,7>I love Brooklyn. Its my hometown. Its also where De Stefano's is located. You can look all over Brooklyn for top quality steaks with top quality customer service to match but De Stefano's hits the nail on the head. Once inside this family-run steakhouse, you are greeted by some great Brooklyn Memorabilia. A large reprint of the front page of a newspaper featuring the Brooklyn Dodgers, or pictures of Brooklyn Celebs- tons of Brooklyn Pride! Enter the dining room and behold the cozy atmosphere with tons of family photos from all generations covering the walls. Get comfy, because you are dining with the family tonight. Along with their tasty steaks, are some really great chops! Veal, Lamb, and Pork. Fancy a little something different before your steak? De Stefano's has some thick and hearty soups to start with as well as some tasty crab cakes and lobster ravioli. This place is not for the bird eaters. Come hungry. The staff is always pleasant and the service has always been the best. My most recent visit, John (one of the owners) took care of my boyfriend and I and recommended a wine for us that was absolute perfection- not to mention affordable. A favorite among us is the New York Strip Steak and the Veal Chop. Two meaty hunks of beef cooked to perfection- medium plus, please- and an order or two of some tasty sides. For sides, I almost always order the garlic sauteed spinach and the green beans with proscuitto. Great sides! I am almost always too full for dessert but manage to finish dessert too. The tartufo, a vanilla, chocolate ice cream combo covered in a dark chocolate shell, was a great end to fantastic meal. This is a great steakhouse that is family-run and offers customer service that makes the other local steakhouses pale in comparison. The vibe here is totally casual so coming in your jeans and sneakers is okay- although I like to dress it up just a tiny bit.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,12/10/2013,440,260,6,8,7>How is it possible that I've gone so long with out writing a review for one of my favorite places IN THE WORLD?!  Maybe I've just been waiting for the backyard to open?  Maybe I've been waiting to try every dish on the menu?Anyhow, food here is spectacular.  Don't like beets?  Their beet salad special with pears and parm will change your mind.  Like porkchops?  Check out the porkshop dish: currently a plump chop over RIBS with potatoes and lentils.  What the WHAT!?  Chops on ribs, yes that did happen.  Seafood kinda night?  Try the ceviche, octopus & porkbelly, or fish and chips.  And if you then take the bar into consideration (which we often do), you'll soon find yourself a regular at Mayfield.  Pull up a seat, choose a beer, cocktail or wine (the're all pretty great) and grab a big, juicy burger while watching a game and chatting with the bartender.  Seriously, the burger here is one of the finest I've ever had!  Bacon, grilled onions, and cheese all included with your choice of fries (yes) or salad (maybe).  Perfection!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,12/9/2013,368,102,2,7,5>In the mood for some good Caribbean food, I was searching all around Brooklyn. I know there are some good spots but I wanted something new and a little closer to home. I search through my handy dandy yelp app and up pops The Islands. I already took a liking to it because of the name. The reviews were good and the pics as well. so why not give it a shot. When I arrived I pretty much scanned the whole block and missed it completely since it shares and awning with the supermarket right next door to it, it totally blends in! The outside isn't much to  look at, but when you enter it is the smallest place in the world! but super cute! as soon as you walk in there's a small counter top that serves as a bar, 3 stools and a set of stairs that goes to the second floor which has about 3 table sets for a little m ore seating and that's it! If you're like me and like to be all in the cook's business, then you'll have a seat at the countertop/bar. I like to watch people cook, especially home style (which this was to a tee). husband and wife, I hope, were a cooking team. the long narrow kitchen behind the bar where they worked their magic was heaven. They had all the fresh veggies for their stews and salads. the husband was cutting up some sweet plantains and frying them, while the wife was cutting up some peppers. Time to order! I ordered the curry goat with rice and peas a side salad, and some cooked cabbage. the two other people I were with ordered the oxtail and jerk chicken which all came with the same sides. We also ordered a plate of plantains, they just looked to good to pas up! For drinks i got the ginger beer, and my two boring friends got water and kola champagne! lol. our food came fairly quick and my! my! my! best Caribbean food I had in a while! my curry goat had the perfect amount of spice that made my lips tingle but not set them ablaze. the rice and peas had good flavor since most I've tried come out bland. the cooked cabbage was also good and I'm not a fan of cabbage but you better believe I ate that cabbage! and the salad was regular but super good with golden raisins that added a nice touch. The oxtail was the best! perfect gravy it was in! not fatty, lots of meat and cooked very well! I give it a 10! The jerk chicken was also good! my poor friend was loving it but his mouth was definitely on fire! lol. The sweet sweet plantains were divine! they were so ripe and sweet that once he fried them they caraelized from the sugar! ugh, in love! My homemade ginger beer was delish also. I had an fantastic experienece dining here and their food is done so well! i really want to try everything from here. they have so many choices and evreything looks yummy. yes! i was eyeing the wife packaging the take out food! lol. Not to mention they really are nice people and it just good comfort homey food and feelings when you go in! *Only ehh thing, is that if you want to dine it, theres and extra 3 dollar charge added to your bill.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,12/8/2013,618,1991,,4,3>This is  Giulio Adriani's third pizzeria in the city in the past 3 years. This location is beautiful and spacious. The open kitchen with the wood burning pizza oven adds to the atmosphere. Forcella isn't just a romantic pizzeria, they have a few non-pizza options if you want something lighter and a full bar as well. The prices are mostly $16-20 for a personal sized pizza, a bit high in my opinion, but the quality is good. I just ordered the margherita ($13). They skimped a tad on the basil but the flavor and texture of the mozzarella and tomato sauce was perfect. The crust was spotted with proper charred parts but was very doughy. I kind of liked having a moist dense interior but think it's really not ideal, especially as the bottom part quickly turned limp. Not having that structural integrity so important for thin crust pizza detracts from the experience. Lastly the service was good and they take cards so there's little not to like about Adriani's latest outpost.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,12/7/2013,32,155,5,11,5>I saw a woman here eat fire. A WOMAN. EAT FIRE.To what did I owe this pyromaniacal pleasure? Why, to the Floating Kabarette, which seems to be a big ticket at Galapagos. Well, big ticket for little ticket price: at only $20, or $23.75 with the online surcharge, the show is one of the more reasonably priced options for a titillating Saturday night. Granted, there is also a two-drink minimum, but it is well, well worth it. The performances were incredible, from the dances that could only be affectionately described as cracked-out, to the juggling striptease, to the aerial ballet piece that brought me to tears with its beauty. Even the sexy burlesque acts had tricks up their sleeves (see above, re: EATING F***ING FIRE). Between acts, the MC, Bastard Keith, kept the filthy jokes coming at a rapid-fire, hilarious pace. It was so great. Go!Also, I've got a lot more to say about visiting Galapagos in the below Q&A, which I figured I'd put together because, before I came here for a bachelorette party I helped plan, I had a whole bunch of questions that I couldn't find clear answers to. (Obviously, the answers are all based on my own experiences.)Q: A two-drink minimum? What is that going to set me back? A: Not quite as much as you'd think, really. I had one of the pricier cocktails (a Sex on the Lake--I highly recommend it) for $14 each, but I saw a good range of prices: beers were around $9, wines were around $10, and cocktails were about $11-$15 each. The selection in each category is decent, and all I heard were raves about my friends' respective choices. There is table service, with appropriately adorable servers, so add tip as well.Q: How exactly is this place laid out? Is it like theatre seating or...?A: The answer is in the ellipsis. On the main level, there are "islands" of booths and ottomons with tables surrounded by a shallow pool of water (don't fall in!). There is also a mezzanine, which I didn't visit.Q: Is there reserved seating? If so, how do I reserve seats?A: This query elicited the most confusion. One friend had claimed that there was reserved seating, another claimed that there wasn't, and an e-mail to the box office (whose people are AWESOME) came with some language about nothing being guaranteed. I was worried our party would be split up, but such worrying was for naught: when we arrived, I was told that seating was on a "first bought, first served" basis, and since anxious me had purchased tickets weeks ahead of time, we had the best seats in the house, right in front of the stage. Huzzah! However, there are some caveats: I e-mailed and called the box office to ensure that my party was all together; I bought tickets for everyone in one purchase, making it easier for them to seat us together; and we arrived on time (see the next question).We had also inquired about the VIP package, which we were told was $55 a person, had guaranteed seating, and bought you three drink tickets. Depending on how much you drink, and how concerned you are with respect to grabbing good seats, this is potentially a cost-effective and risk-averse option.Q: The show starts at 10:30, but doors open at 9:30, right? So, when should I get there? And where do I stand?A: The box office informed me that we should get to the venue by 10 to ensure that we got our reserved seats. We got there at 9:30 on the dot, which was literally a couple minutes before everyone else. Since we had bought tickets ahead of time, we stood on the ticket-holders line, got checked in at the door, and then got escorted to our table.Q: Wait, there might be audience participation? Oh God, am I suddenly going to have boobs/balls in my face?A: Someone on Yelp had mentioned audience participation, and while there is some, I (un)fortunately didn't see any genitals in any faces--unless you count being within a few feet of a bare ass. The performers did touch some people but never in an aggressive or uncouth manner. The MC joked with the audience on the regular, but anything involving committed participation (such as the spanking contest) was given over to volunteers from the audience. If you are one to worry about audience participation, though, the box office suggested to me to ask to be seated in the mezzanine instead.Q: Are there bathroom breaks? Because, well, you know what I'm saying.A: Yes; yes, I do know what you are saying. And yes, there are bathroom breaks: there tended to be three performances in a row, followed by a short intermission. I recall someone being miffed about the intermissions, but I actually thought they were great, since they gave people not only an opportunity to use the bathroom and grab more drinks but also a chance to chat with their equally boisterous neighbors and dance to the totally amazing intermission music. (I mean, the DJ played DMX's "Party Up", how could it not be great?) And fyi, the bathroom gets a 6/10 grade. Yay for lots of stalls! Boo for being depressing!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,12/6/2013,25,154,1,5,5>Beautiful space - great lighting, good for date night or just dinner with friends.  We really loved our server, Tim, and everything was perfectly timed and the presentation lovely.  The food was really delicious - the bread is amazing and is fresh baked, warm and comes with a white bean spread.  The dishes were well portioned and yummy - I have to mention the incredible octopus appetizer and the cavatelli main, plus the awesome scafatta side.  The food is very Italian with a slight modern twist, but nothing too pretentious or weird.  A little light on vegetarian options, but not too difficult to navigate around that and it's the type of place that will alter your dish however you ask.  The desserts, oh my!  I'm not even a big chocolate person but was a big fan of the ganache with rosemary gelato and grapefruit compote (mmmmm), and for a lighter refreshing sweet treat, try the fennel gelato - they make it all in house.The only draw back has to be the price - we went with another couple and it ended up being nearly $250 for the 4 of us!  BUT, of course $50 of that was drinks alone and it's totally worth the $$$ anyhow, just not the type of place we'd go to on a weekly basis or anything.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,12/5/2013,80,119,1,3,5>I love Bagel Boy. Bagel Boy is good. No matter what I'm in the mood for, they always have something that will satisfy. The bagels are consistently fresh and decently priced, and the service is fast and friendly. They have a great selection of salad toppings. I also love their paninis and sandwiches. Good beverage case with Naked juices, etc. and all kinds of tempting snacks. They've never done me wrong, not a once.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,12/4/2013,7,78,2,5,2>The fact that this market is steps from my apartment has made my life exponentially better. But, I'm going  to be objective and rate it as though it wasn't right around the corner. Pros:-I've never encountered friendlier service in a grocery store. Major plus. -Overall very good selection.-Prices on the whole are fair. -Very good beer selection. -Speedy checkout-SAMPLES. Every evening it's like i get a little tapas just for coming in, bread and olive oil and manchego/ Gruyere/ Parmesan cheese... amazing!Cons:-Although the pricing is good overall, there are things that are weirdly priced high or are just inconsistently priced. There is one beer item where the price per liter varies by almost double depending on whether you buy a 4 pack or a single bottle.-They could do better with gluten free items... they have a good selection of the gluten free producers (udis, gluteino), but they don't have a good selection of the gluten free versions of  major products... like for example... gluten free rice crispies... come on don't make me go to Tops. -Fish and meat department could be upgraded. The packaged meat is ok, but the butcher doesn't typically have organic / all natural meats. The fish department is just kinda small and sad.  - Prepared foods could  be upgraded. Everything I've had has been blah. I don't bother anymore. I don't really get it... huge profit margin in prepared foods and a great example of how to do it well (Whole Foods). But, these criticisms are nothing... its a great market and I'm there everyday... And to the people complaining that the aisles are small... Hey there! Welcome to NYC!! In reality the aisles here are wider than you would find almost anywhere in lower manhattan / north brookyn.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,12/3/2013,66,132,2,9,3>Where do I begin? This place is heaven.Let's start by acknowledging that before Caprices by Sophie showed up, a choux-loving Brooklynite was pretty much out of luck. You could trudge to Beard Papa's on the UWS, which, while extremely delicious in its own right, is a different experience. There's also a couple of bakeries in Midtown which sell choux, but, uh, they're in Midtown. Enough said.Needless to say, I was thrilled when CbS opened, and I'm really happy to say it didn't disappoint. I tried the bourbon vanilla (ok... three), lemon curd, caramel/salty butter and raspberry rose. The vanilla and the raspberry/rose were my favorites, but I'm always biased towards vanilla and floral-flavored things. Truth is, they were all delicious, with airy crusts and rich yet light fillings.I will be back to try the merveilleux, which looked beyond amazing. Cream filled meringues? What could go wrong?Other noteworthy things: 1) the owner is really friendly. We shared a brief chat about choux and Brooklyn neighborhoods... it was lovely. 2) They carry La Colombe coffee (my favorite!) and Belvoir drinks. And, for my fellow design nerds out there, 3) their packaging is stunning - earthy cardboard boxes on the outside, brilliantly red on the inside. Such a treat on every level. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sophie!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,12/2/2013,170,205,5,8,7>Fort Defiance is quickly becoming one of the major food destinations in all of NY. It has been featured in GQ,Gourmet and Esquire, actor Michael Shannon is a frequent diner. The owner has become something of a community leader especially in the aftermath of Sandy. All impressive things but if the food doesnt impress what does it matter? Well Im happy to say the food very much impresses.     I havent been here in awhile and they change the menu often. last time I had the Muffalatta sandwich which is not currently on the menu. Today I felt like trying the burger and what a burger it is. Prime cut of beef, cooked to a perfect medium rare. I got it with blue cheese,pickles,onions and lettuce. The burger was juicy and very large, the bun was bakery fresh and held up well. Instead of fries they serve the burger with small roasted potatoes with sea salt. Perfect.    I also was very excited to try their Deviled Eggs. Deviled Eggs are one of those 70's food icons that I am happy have returned to favor. Now I make a pretty darn mean Deviled Egg myself (family request them at parties) so they had a way to go to impress me. it was very creamy and had that perfect, eggy,mustardy,horseradish kinda taste but heres the kicker they serve it with fried Capers on it. I love capers and this is an idea I am stealing!   great ambiance, great food and great people. Come on out to Red Hook.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,12/31/2013,7,294,2,8,4>I'm not one of those people who has a list of those awesome, cheap and hidden ethnic restaurants somewhere in Queens, and I've never had Balinese so I can't judge Selamat Pagi on authenticity. But I do know that everything we had there last night was delicious, fresh and super interesting food that you'd be hard pressed to find elsewhere.Try the spring rolls, coconut meatballs, and fish curry, and save room for dessert. The chocolate pumpkin cake is amazing, especially when paired with the black rice ice cream.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,12/30/2013,20,336,1,7,4>Absolutely phenomenal. My husband and I checked this place out on a Sunday night. We were immediately seated by a friendly hostess and served cold, Vietnamese beers. We shared the Dad's shrimp rolls, the kung pao calamari, and the shaking beef. It was all fantastic. The shrimp rolls were plentiful and piping hot with lots of shrimp, the calamari was spicy and delicious and the shaking beef was a perfect medium-rare. Everything was incredibly flavorful and authentic tasting, as far as I could tell, and the atmosphere was clean, bright and welcoming. We finished our meal with a slice of coconut pumpkin pie, which was honestly the best pumpkin pie that I've ever had in my life. I can't wait to take my friends here to show them how good upscale Vietnamese food can be.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,12/29/2013,182,331,2,6,4>I keep spending way too much money here, probably because I am so enamored of a coffeeshop that actually lends itself to sitting and relaxing, with plenty of seating and breathing room.  The pastries all look bangin', and they have great-sounding sandwiches and quiche, but I keep attempting to be healthy and ordering things like the breakfast oatmeal: creamy steel cut oats with golden raisins and almonds, um, yeah...and the muesli: tangy yogurt, oats, and grains mixed with fruit, again, delicious and fortifying. The coffee is good too, but it seems strange to charge more for Americanos than for lattes.  Anyway, in the warm weather it is delightful to sit outside, but any time of year Tazza's ample seating can accommodate you and a few friends for a coffee date.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,12/28/2013,815,362,3,8,5>Superior fish market in the neighborhood. These guys are friendly, knowledgable about the daily catch (where the fish came from, flavor profiles, what it pairs well with) and are usually jawing with a regular about this fish or the other. Ask them to peel and devein your shrimp and cut the skin off your salmon. Last time I bought some bay scallops in there, they threw in two limes - which was great because I was making ceviche.You do pay a premium, but they run the show in the hood and are serving sushi grade fish (salmon, tuna). If you want cheaper you can certainly check out the fish joint further down on court but it's a gamble - and freshness varies. I want consistently fresh fish and I want to know where it came from. 5 stars in my book.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,12/27/2013,220,308,8,7,7>I've never been to Azerbaijan, but after an evening at Baku Palace I feel like I need to plan a trip soon. Between the great vodka, great food, fabulous entertainment and great vodka, Baku is well worth the trip out to Sheepshead Bay. Did I mention the vodka?The place is one of these traditional Russian banquet halls, with huge tables (I felt bad as a party of five taking up a table for 10 - but that was the smallest one they had), decor from the 1980s and massive pastel floral arrangements. It's filled with Russians of all ages and sizes who dine and dance to the terrific music of hostess Ella Zaslavsky. The vodka bottle service helps make everything make sense.Speaking of Ella Zaslavsky, I've seen her performing for 20 years now. She's a terrific Russian singer and dancer in over-the-top make-up and sequins who's been belting out Hava Nagila and the Macarena to Brooklyn Russians ever since the old days when she worked at Rasputin's. The audience loves her. They sing along with her, they dance, they laugh at her jokes. Of course, I couldn't understand a thing because it was all in Russian. But I'm sure everything she said was hilarious.Food. We ate so much that it's hard to remember. The Baku Salad was amazing. I loved the Sesame Tuna (one of the best things I've had in months). There were some terrific pastries described as "Azari pizza" that were filled with either lamb or feta, and they were great. The eel salad was good. We had the mixed meat platter as a main, and all that was good - particularly the lamb chops. There were some amazing Napoleon pastries for dessert. And did I mention the vodka?
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,12/26/2013,172,226,3,5,2>I've been to all the authentic Mexican restaurants, but this one is ACE!Honestly the pastor (Mediterranean gyro-mexi hybrid) taco is AMAZING! Your mouth will regurgitate all the taco you've ever eaten and spit hot chipotle salsa at you (figuratively, I mean).The ladies who run this place are nice and there is always mexican futbol on the television. Don't forget to yell goooool when you leave and know that this place will no longer be a hidden treasure, so lap it up boys!PS. This place has no booze or beer, so I'm not sure if they allow byob, but it never hurts to ask.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,12/25/2013,124,537,7,6,5>...And a bottle of rum1. Saturday is a great night for Caribbean music. The DJ really rocked the house with the soca2. Be sure to spend ten dollars at the bar (~ the cost of one drink) in order to get your receipt as your 'ticket' to get downstairs. I repeat, SAVE YOUR RECEIPT to get downstairs.3. I came around 1. From the hours of 1-2 the bar is extremely packed. It is very difficult to get the bartender's attention to order. If you come between that time, you're better off just ordering two drinks initially. I didn't score my first drink until 1:22.4. The other reviewers were correct. The crowd here is 'mature' ( Read: old). I'm 31, and I'm certain I was the youngest person in there by at least five years. Don't get me wrong, there aren't any grandpas here, but on the flip side you're not gonna find many dancehall queens here.5. Speaking of dancing. Fellas look to 'teef ah wine', may be sadly out of luck, The guy to girl ratio is insanely in favor for the females. If you come with a woman, keep her close, because she WILL get talked to. And if you're a guy looking to talk to a nice lady, make sure you close the deal quickly, bc they're are some ravenous fellows out there.6. One great thing is the kitchen is pretty much open until 3. Good luck getting a table though, between 12 and 2. Everyone starts to go downstairs around then.With all that said,if you're from the islands, dating someone from the islands, think about the islands, have a neighbor from the islands, or whatever, this is a fun place to come and enjoy the music with or without your bottle of rum.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,12/24/2013,17,124,2,5,4>Dinner at St Anselm was absolutely wonderful.  We went to the restaurant around 6:30 pm on a Saturday night and had to wait about an hour.  I really like that instead of giving you a buzzer and asking you to wait nearby, they just text you when your table is ready! You are free to do what you like for an hour.When our table was ready, we were seated at the bar table that overlooks the kitchen. That was fun and unique.  Thankfully it was not the middle of the summer or I think it would have been very uncomfortable.  Regardless, we had a really great waitress and they were very good about accommodating to my gluten and dairy allergy.  Basically majority of their good is gluten free and most items can be made without butter.  We had the wine braised octopus to start.  It was quite tasty with the right amount of chewiness and a nice garlicky citrusy taste.  It wasn't fishy at all and I would recommend it!  For our main course, my boyfriend had the hanger steak with garlic butter sauce and I had the sweet tea brined young chicken.  My boyfriend loved his steak although he felt it was a little too oversalted.  However, he ate the whole thing!  My chicken meat was extremely tender and the skin was delicious and crispy.  Just a warning to the squeemish - they serve you the entire chicken which includes the head and the claws.  We had fingerling potatoes and shishito pepper which were also extremely delicious.  The potatoes and peppers had a nice charcoal taste.   For dessert we had their homemade strawberry sorbet which was absolutely amazing! They even let you get 1 scoop instead of 2 scoops for the half the price on the menu.  Great way to get a little taste of dessert after a big meal.The environment of the restaurant is great too, very low key and energetic at the same time.  I really enjoyed my meal and experience here.  Probably the only bad thing is the location! I am not a fan of williamsburgh and the surrounding areas of this restaurant are a little sketchy.  Other than that - I highly recommend people check out this place!!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,12/23/2013,343,284,3,4,3>Colson is one of the top patisseries in Park Slope. If I lived closeby, I certainly would be here all the time and gain too much weight, unable to control myself with all this goodness.  I initially came here a few years ago when I purchased a groupon, which allowed us to pretty much sample and buy most of the pastries. They were all equally delicious, although the apple turnover stood out. The croissants are also a favorite of mine. What I like about Colson is that not only do they serve pastries and coffee/tea, but they offer a variety of salads and sandwiches. I ordered the quinoa salad, which comprised of black quinoa, feta cheese, basil and grilled vegetables. Super yummy and generous portions!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,12/22/2013,15,171,3,15,7>I believe we have a winner.People are gonna go on all day, but here is the breakdown:[BBQ Thing]: [Adjectives that describe BBQ Thing] || [Whether I happen to like it this way or not] [$ = Too expensive for what it is]Pulled Pork: Tender, salty, smoky, fatty || YesMac and Cheese: Creamy, wet || NoColeslaw: Tangy, crunchy || YesCollard Greens: Spicy, salty, slightly bitter || YesCorn Bread: Moist || Yes $Frito Pie requires a special mention because I've never seen one outside of Texas before. This is also the best one I've ever had, but it is $6 for what is basically a little taste treat.BBQ Sauce sitting in jars at tables also deserves a special mention - it is the heart and soul of the place. It's thin, and heavy on tanginess (vinegar?), but it is absolutely delicious. I suspect they are making it in-house. I predict that before too long they will be charging for it, so definitely go and drink it directly out of the bottle while they still don't see that move coming.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/31/2013,202,202,7,5,3>Some people have crazy aunts. Some have crazy friends who prefer coffee over tea. I am the latter. I don't have coffee at my house. I have tea. I ice it myself. I combine and infuse flavors. I have teas from across the country and a portable container JUST for tea.I'm a loser. Needless to say I've been whining about wanting a real tea place since, let's face it, Roebling *mumble mumble* doesn't deserve to be called "Roebling Tea Room." Now that it's here I just don't know what to do with myself. It's too cute and too pretty and only 4 blocks away!I'm afraid my at-home teas are going to get jealous.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,8/30/2013,521,449,36,14,16>Not long ago at all, in a neighborhood literally right across the riverfrom Manhattan. . . .   ::Is John Williams ready? We don't have John? We have Juan?    Juan Williams? OK, get Juan in here. Cue Juan. Tell him now.::                                          BRUNCH WARS                                               Episode IV                                  A NEW HOPE... GARAGE                                It is a period of gentrification.                               Factories   have   been  razed                              and   high-rise   condominiums                             erected   in  their  places.   Sons                            of Republicans  have openly  en-                           dorsed  both  socialism and  snap-                          backs.   And  re-purposed  garages                         now   serve   delicious   chicken  and                        waffles.                      Hope  Garage,   a  modest,   yet  mighty                     faction   of    rebellious,    urban,    casual                    diners,   has   silenced   the   Williamsburg                   Haters  by devising  secret recipes aimed at                  the Big Apple's ultimate weakness - delicious                 brunch offerings. Armed with buffalo hot sauce                and  cinnamon-maple butter, the boneless Fried               Chicken and Waffles' straight-forward, shovel-fork              inducing combination of salty and sweet have join-             ed  forces  with  the  Fresh Donuts,  a merry  mix of a            half-dozen bantam, stalwart  sugar-bombs, an alliance           aimed  at  enticing the Haters  from their  most reclusive          of hideouts.        Although  the  friendly,  albeit  ultimately  lax  personnel,  a       sub-par Jalapeño Bloody Mary department,  and hip, old-is-      new-again  decor  enforce  the Easy  Target  persona  of  the     neighborhood,  primary  enemy  offensives of over-hype  have    been destroyed. While the Haters have been temporarily driven   from their bases, the threat of returning to their old ways remains.  Thus,  the fight continues  to further restore  freedom to the galaxy, er,  I mean,  bring balance to brunch. . . .    No, but seriously, get the chicken and waffles. And the donuts. For real.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/29/2013,90,266,4,6,4>I couldn't be more excited when I found out that Calyer was turned into another Jimmy's, which I love on Union Ave.   I liked Calyer, but it was rather pricey. Jimmy's is just as good as the location on Union Ave, except this location is way cuter, way larger and far easier for Greenpointers to get to.  I came here on Saturday AND Sunday for brunch.  What can I say, I was excited for its opening! We were seated right away on Saturday.  I ordered the fried chicken and waffles, which was fantastic!  A fluffy, delicious waffle with three boneless pieces of fried chicken smothered in white gravy with maple syrup on the side. YUM!!!  Probably the best chicken and waffles I've had.  I love that the chicken is boneless, it makes eating this dish way easier and you get way more chicken that way.   It was such a large portion that I took some home and enjoyed it as a snack.  I love leftovers.My sister ordered the pulled pork hash, which was awesome too.  Served in a bowl that seems small, the portion is a lot larger than you think.  Home fries covered in savory bbq pulled pork with two fried eggs on top.  This is a great brunch option!On Sunday, my party was seated outside in the shade and enjoyed unlimited coffee, sodas and another delicious brunch.  I ordered the brunch special of biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs.  The biscuit was fresh and delicious, however I wasn't a huge fan of the vegetarian gravy.  I never had the regular sausage gravy from Jimmy's before but the vegetarian gravy was a little tastless and thin for my liking.  I might try it again if it wasn't vegetarian.  Thought the chicken and waffles was 100 times better than this.  We also ordered the tater tots, which are pure heaven.  I dont know what they do to make these, but I want to kiss the chef they're so good.  They're small balls of fluffy fried goodness.  So amazing!   Might have to get the breakfast bowl next time since that comes with the tots, eggs, cheese and guac.  So good! The staff is also super nice here.  Everything about Jimmy's is awesome (except the vegetarian sauage gravy), but I can live without that.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/28/2013,55,346,4,8,6>Two Lovers is one of the nicer consignment stores on this side of the park slope, and definitely worth checking out! Sometimes I don't have the patience to weed through thrift/consignment stores to find something decent or even something in my size, but the owner here has clearly spent lots of time carefully arranging her goods to make your shopping experience both pleasurable and simple. It was definitely more akin to shopping at a higher-end boutique versus a trade/consignment shop, and I really appreciated the attention to detail put forth in each area's display (even down to sorting by colour).I was shopping for a large statement belt to cinch my sundress with and ended up leaving with a free piece since one of the snap buttons was a bit faulty. I merely asked the owner if she had anything similar and rather than trying to push a style on me that I wouldn't be interested in, she just asked if I wanted the belt since she wasn't going to sell a semi-damaged product! WOW! Being somewhat crafty, I'm confident I can probably tweak the buttons with a pair of pliers and fix the piece myself, but the owner's generosity and sweetness about the situation was truly outstanding.She also owns Pony several blocks down, and I'm excited to check that out next!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/27/2013,170,205,3,5,3>I work in the burgeoning food scene that is Red Hook but yet I have never had the famous lobster roll here because I just couldnt justify spending 16 bucks on a little sandwich for lunch. Well this morning was just crazy and I decided I needed to treat myself and come 12 I headed out down van Brunt st with one thought in mind...Lobster!!!   Came in to the small shop (they have seating next door) and ordered my roll from the very pleasant girl behind the counter. Had to get the original Maine style because when I go to places that are known for a specialty item my rule is try "the original" before I branch out.  The Maine style is 1/4 lb of lobster meat,tossed with just a hint of Mayo, lemon, celery, some paprika and a smattering of chopped green onions on a small bed of shredded lettuce in a split top hot dog bun.   On a beautiful summer day, a rare non muggy one it was the perfect taste of summer on a Tuesday afternoon stuck at work. Juicy, tender and every bite was delicious. Sometimes it worth a splurge to buoy your spirits with a small piece of culinary perfection.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,8/26/2013,74,194,4,5,4>I'm really surprised that the overall reviews here aren't more stellar! I had a truly lovely dining experience that I'd happily recommend to others.After taking the East River Ferry over, my friends and I wandered into this spot, seeking seafood, libations, and air conditioning. What we found was a splendid nautical-themed restaurant with old textured wood, ropes, knots, and fantastic 60's pop hits. My friends and I sipped our mojitos and caipirinhas (well, caipiberry - scrumptious) as we sang along to Dion and Sam Cooke, feeling relaxed and happy.Since we'd had an earlier conversation about lobster rolls, we each ordered either one of those or the lobster (langostino) tacos. The lobster was lightly tossed in a chipotle mayo, which I first somewhat sneered at as most likely detracting from the pure and delicious natural flavor of lobster, but was actually quite a nice complement. I'm not sure why the Rosarito fries are so good, but gee golly, they are. And they have Tapatio, you guys. Tapatio. If I had to think of something I didn't like, I could maybe come up with something. It was not cheap, but then again, I would not put any stock in cheap seafood - not worth the risk. There was a large man sitting behind me that made the servers kind of have to perilously swerve around me, but they never spilled a drop, so it was fine. My chair was rickety, but they replaced it immediately with a more stable one. No, it was wonderful. I have no complaints.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,8/25/2013,150,173,5,9,6>Let me let out a little relaxing sigh before I get to typing my review. Ahhhhhh. Le sigh. Perfection. I had a one hour massage and one hour facial that left me feeling well-rested, light, airy and purified. From the ice cold fruit infused water to the freshly brewed chamomile tea to the peaceful sounds of relaxing music to the uber attentive staff, it was nothing short of perfection. I highly recommend this spa as they are worth every penny.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/24/2013,815,362,4,4,3>Angie and her team are awesome. Super professional, courteous and accommodating to all of their clients. Once we arrived we were greeted with a smile and asked if we wanted a cocktail. (Yes, please!) The salon is super clean, bright and airy. Decor is modern and tasteful. VP has full salon services. They also specialize in nail design and boast current colors from YSL, Chanel and other high end designers. You won't find Essie or OPI here. I made an appointment a week in advance for gel nails, with design. Highly recommend making an appointment (over walking in) and specifying exactly what you want done so they can schedule you for the right amount of time. While sipping a strong green colored cocktail, Angie free-handed a sick geometric/tribal style designs on my nails using paintbrushes and fine tipped tools. Compliments galore for the two weeks I rocked it. I love this place, and will be coming back from more gel nails and designs.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/23/2013,186,169,8,9,8>Cannot. Think. And. Type. With. Roll-n-Roaster. In. My. Mouth.Must. Find. A. Way.I've been eating at Roll n Roaster since I was 3 - possibly 2 - I remember 3, though. I loved going in on my birthdays and spinning the wheel and winning free stuff. I loved the fact that the decor hadn't changed since the 70s. I loved that they were open SUPER late (til 1am!), but mostly I loved the food. "You can have CHEEZ on anything you PLEEZ!" The medium-rare roast beef is sliced thin, and melts in your mouth. The soft kaiser roll drenched in gravy, bright yellow sloppy cheez oozing out everywhere, and sauteed onions providing the perfect sweetness - all to be consumed by me in a minute and a half flat. Nothing hits the spot like this sandwich. Best $5 you'll ever spend. I promise. The chicken tenders are some of my favorite, anywhere. Juicy, flavorful, with really delicious breading. And their honey mustard sauce is, HANDS DOWN, the best I've ever had. I've tried hunting it down outside of RnR to no avail. Sad panda.The milkshakes are INCREDIBLE. Both the chocolate and the vanilla (and I'm not a big chocolate fan, but had to restrain myself from literally diving into my boyfriend's milkshake). Sweet, thick, creamy, perfect. I cannot recall a better milkshake. It tastes like the best chocolate or vanilla ice cream - melted into a glorious puddle, confined in a plastic cup, and topped off with whipped cream in a pinnacle of decadence. This place is a Sheepshead Bay landmark, and with good reason. Zagat-rated 7 years and running. It's been around for 40 years, and I'm hoping it'll be around for at least 40 more - dining area unchanged in all it's 70s majesty - so that I can bring my grandkids inside and order up the same godly delights that I knew and loved in my youth. I will now go back to moaning in ecstasy and cancel the rest of my plans for the day.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,8/22/2013,231,165,6,7,6>DROOL.I was going to end my review there, but changed my mind at the 11th hour. I'd like to think that I hold myself to a higher standard of Yelp review writing*. I come to Franklin Park on a semi-regular basis for Wednesday night trivia, and, let me tell you, it is FUN. It' fun because pub trivia is one of my favorite ways to pass the time**, and Franklin Park is a great place to do it. It's also FUN because, at Franklin Park, you have FULL ACCESS to the Dutch Boy Burger menu. You can order whatever you want, and then you can eat it while sitting in a booth at Franklin Park. Friends, life doesn't get much better than that.The waitstaff are super friendly. And attentive. When I ask for extra pickles, I get extra pickles. And when someone gives me extra pickles, they get an extra tip. It's really a win-win for everyone***.Dutch Boy is famous for their meat based burgers, but their veggie ones aren't bad either. Not to go all overkill on the pickles, but, seriously, order extra on your burger. DBB uses McClure's Pickles. They are not only great because they are Brooklyn-based, they are great because they are some of the most delicious pickles that have ever been pickled. Mmm.DBB is cash only. There is an ATM on premises, but be sure to stop by your bank-based ATM before you head over to avoid those pesky ATM fees.There are four single stall bathrooms that are shared with Franklin Park. They are always clean, and I really appreciate that they are private AND gender neutral. In this same area there are a few bar games and a PHOTO BOOTH. Will someone please go in there with me? My snobby Brooklyn friends apparently think that they're too cool to be seen having fun in a photo booth. Losers.___* And by "standard", I mean endlessly boring you with my personal anecdotes.** Because I'm clearly a masochist and like seeing just how stupid I really am.*** Get your burger with extra pickles. You will not regret it.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,8/11/2014,113,212,5,6,5>I love Gowanus more and more.  This converted warehouse is now a HUGE cafe...HUGE!  It has 2 stories, large windows with lots of sunlight, a porch, outdoor seating, and even a kid's playroom.  The amount of space and the way it's designed is just unbelievable.I read mixed reviews about the food but I thought it was great.  I had an iced regular coffee, the Turkish coffee (which was basically an espresso shot...yum!) with this pink jelly Turkish candy?, kashkaval pastry, Sheperd's salad, and chocolate cupcake.  The pastries and coffee are clearly their thing.I also LOVED the music playing.  Even though I was studying, I didn't find it distracting.Lastly, the service was great.  I found my little spot upstairs by the sunlit windows, and they brought up my order.I would anticipate this place gets quite popular.  I might even say it's the best cafe I've been to in Brooklyn yet...
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/10/2014,187,361,3,6,4>I love Prospect Bark and Honey!I am extremely protective over my kitties, Cheese and Ella and especially my little four pound chihuahua, Alvin. I usually work from home, so my pets are used to virtually constant care and attention. I used to be so nervous when I had to leave home for extended periods of time because I didn't trust anyone to take care of them like I do. Thanks to Honey, I don't have to feel anxious when I go out of town.You can tell that Honey genuinely loves animals and even sends little updates about your little schmoos. I trust that she will be at my place when she says she will and that she will spend time with my animals and make sure they are safe, cleaned up after and walked. I totally recommend her and and Prospect Bark. The 5 star reviews are well deserved!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,8/9/2014,263,437,7,9,6>After my meal at Olea, I just wanted to say, "You  little devil you!"My friend and I gorged on some delicious stuff during happy hour:Almond-Stuffed Bacon Dates- 5Sweet and savory with delicious crispy baconSpanish Pitza- 4What a pleasant surprise. I think this was the first time I ever tasted Quince Paste.  I now have to figure out how to procure some or make it at home Goat Cheese Croquette-4What's not to love about cheese and honey?Oyster Sandwiches-4Say word?  I don't even like brussels sprouts.  Who knew that slaw would be so slamming?Celery Apple Salad- 4So crispy and delicious Sangria-45 stickin dollars a glass!!! Service-3They were friendly enough but overall the wait staff seemed pretty disinterested.  Based on other reviews it looks like I will have to stop by for brunch as well.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/8/2014,114,212,6,8,6>I'll keep it simple:I've now been 3 times in the past week. Their pastries are quite good, but the real star of the show has to be the ices. It's $2 for a small, and that "small" is outrageously large. Taste? Delicious.The pistachio may look a crazy, food-color-laden toxic green, but it's got chunks of pistachios in it and my god is it delicious. The honeydew? Amazing.It's summer. It's hot. Give me Court Pastry's ices all day long.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/7/2014,80,119,5,8,5>Everyone is suddenly a west coast native when it comes to talking about Mexican food in NYC. And I am no different. After living on the west coast for the first half my life and on the east coast the second half, I have learned to accept that Mexican food in NYC will never be "the same" as the Mexican food I've experienced in California and Mexico. I accept it, but have still been known to complain occasionally that there is not enough good Mexican food on the east coast (and if I am ever served a bean and cheese--yes I said bean and cheese--burrito in NYC the likes of those you get on the west coast, I will retract all complaints entirely). I have been known to take a somewhat elitist attitude (if elitism can even be applied to that which is fundamentally down-home and humble at its core), towards NYC Mexican food, grousing about those who are doing it wrong and getting downright giddy when people are doing it right. The truth is Brooklyn has a lot of great Mexican food, as does Queens. Manhattan is working on it, the Bronx doesn't know what you're talking about because Spanish food is still better (we'll talk), Yonkers has found its Mexicana groove and Staten Island is just as clueless as it is about everything except Italian food and event halls. (Sorry, but you know it's true.) So I'm being honest, it irked me a little to see people on yelp saying, "It's so great that Ho'Brah has finally brought Mexican food to Bay Ridge." Are you? Really? Serious? Like, right now? Because Las Margaritas is right down the street on 72nd, just waiting for you to give it credit for the delicious authentic Mexican food they've been serving up for days and days. And they're not the only ones! So I'll admit I was guilty of prejudging Ho'Brah a little bit. But you know I had to take my ass there and see for myself what was really going on.ALL THAT SAID, Ho'brah is so fucking good whatareyoueventalkingabout? Sidestory: I met this girl in the bathroom line at Ruby's during the Mermaid Parade and we made friends and it turned out she also lives in Bay Ridge and she asked me if I'd ever been to Ho'Brah, the really good Mexican place on 3rd Avenue. Of course, I was somewhat shocked and disappointed with myself for being within ten blocks of a Mexican restaurant in Bay Ridge and not having at least known about it. So I came home and read the yelp reviews and that only served to confuse and irritate me. I was fully prepared to hate this place the same way I hate Hollister. So today, with my beach hangover and all, I walked over there, sat down at the bar, stared at the menu full of tropical drinks, head pounding, got a little queasy, and thought: No. No liquor sweet things yuck. The bartender heard me out while I told her I had a pounding hangover and anything with liqueur, fruity schnapps or triple sec in it was an absolute no-go. She immediately said, "How bout a beer? I have this one that's really nice and summery, I'll give you a taste." And she did. And it was good. And then she poured me an entire mason jar right to the brim, and it was beautiful. And she was nice and talked to me the whole time I was there.I ordered two pork empanadas and three tacos. When I go for tacos, my first choice is always steak or beef. So I went with my usual inclinations and ordered the Bistec, Barbacoa and Americano. Every bite of everything I ate here was utterly delectable. The empanadas had a beautiful, delicious fry. You know when you can taste the cleanliness of the oil? These were like that. Not fried in old stinky oil that disagrees with your stomach, but just a beautiful wonderful ecstatic tongue melting fry... sorry, I get carried away about good fry. The pork was addictively good. As were the tacos. One, two, three, I stuffed them all in my face. They didn't need hot sauce, but I like that they have a selection of different types of Cholula to choose from. I enjoy Cholula and all kinds of trashy hot sauces, but can understand the complaints of those who would like a "better" or "different" selection of taco sauce. Really, though, these didn't even need it. They didn't need anything. I thought of asking for lime and realized they didn't need that either. The meat and fillings were perfect as plated.So to sum up this long meandering tale of food snobbery and tacos and whathaveyou, I will just say I had a super-chill afternoon here at this bright and cheerful bar, talking to the very congenial bartender, enjoying some really delicious food and beer, which magically cured me of a stonecold hangover. Good times! Must return soon.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/6/2014,111,222,3,9,6>So there are 2 schools of thought among Yelpers regarding Di Fara's: some claim it's the best thing since sliced bread while others say it's hugely overrated. I'll try to give my opinion without taking sides in the argument and basing my review on some specific parameters.First off, this place is tiny, like hole in the wall tiny, so seating is limited and given the amount of attention this place has received in the media in the past decade it's guaranteed to be busy. In the summer the line gets very long as you can imagine.The chef. Domenico DeMarco makes every single pie in the house, his children help him with other stuff, but he personally does every pie end to end, including rotating it in the oven. He will even cut fresh basil right on your pizza when it's ready. The goods. Here is where the real deal is separated from the hype. Almost all ingredients are imported from Casapulla, Italy so you know you are getting the best of the best. I don't mind my pizza being a bit oily when it's extra virgin olive oil from Italy. Can you taste the difference between mass produced ingredient from Costco and imported goods? Absolutely. Di Fara's pizzas melt in your mouth and you can taste the quality of every ingredient. I think this is what takes Di Fara's to the next level. When you go to Le Bernadine, most dishes take only minutes to prepare but all the fish is highest quality and is very fresh. Di Fara's is of course no Le Bernadine but is among the best in its line of business. Is it the best pizza in NY? I don't know, I haven't tried every single overhyped pizza place in the city but for what it's worth Di Fara's is exceptionally good.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,8/5/2014,222,375,5,7,5>Super cute sweets shop! A hidden little find.I love the clean white decor against the rainbow-colored selection of bulk candy. This place is small, but has a nice selection of different sweets. Also like the retro candy (Razzles! Lemonheads!). While I was there, a child's birthday party was going on in the next room. The people who work there don't bother you and let you take your time just browsing. I did a bag of bulk candy. The selection of gummies is great! The only thing I didn't like is that the bulk candy containers are a little annoying. The opening is very narrow and the cover does not fold back flat, so you have to maneuver the scoop with one hand, hold open your candy bag with your other hand, and at the same time awkwardly prop your elbow against the cover to keep it open. This is made all the more difficult when you are trying to untangle licorice laces while in this three-handed operation. And forget it if you're carrying any sort of bag on your arm!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/4/2014,277,421,5,6,6>Joy is my go-to lunch delivery place when working from home - for $8-$10 you get fluffy basmati rice, your choice of meats or veggies, 3 dipping sauces, and either naan or poori bread. I always opt for the lamb shish kabob because it's marinated and prepared wonderfully. their poori bread is also light, sweet, and flaky - just divine. All that for $10 ...how can you go wrong?! The only reason I gave this place 4 stars and not 5 is that their delivery time is insanely long - sometimes takes over an hour to deliver...not good for what you're hangry!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/3/2014,69,103,3,13,1>AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING!!! I love this place and it will definitely become a go to restaurant that I will go on dates to and bring friends to. I love everything from the very simple food menu, the extensive list of Caribbean rums, and the service was VERY attentive. I literally had read about Glady's a few days before on Eater and wanted to check it out since we were somewhat in the area after a show in Prospect Park. I really wanted to try the half jerk chicken which is reasonably priced at $9, but they had ran out for the night and not gonna lie, I was disappointed but I decided to get the curry goat. Wow is all I can really say. I've had curry goat at a few places in Crown Heights and this is by far the best. At other places, the meat was still either too tough (it's one of those things that takes VERY long to cook) or the dish was full of bones. This dish at Glady's was super melt in your mouth tender and didn't have many bones. Usually comes with a side of white rice, but they were low and gave me rice and peas, which was a welcome addition. Also had a tropical cocktail which was pretty strong. Overall, I'm definitely gonna come here again and recommend the place to as many people as I can.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,8/2/2014,13,53,5,4,4>Whiskey and grilled cheese, two of my favorite things! They have a lovely back courtyard area with a bunch of seating. The interior is also very spacious and clean. I've had two cocktails here, the Limestone Cowboy and another one I forget the name of, made with scotch. Both were good and they have an excellent draft beer selection. There's a happy hour until 8 I believe, one dollar off beers and a special for well drinks. I've had the whiskey gingers and they're pretty good as well. Obviously the whiskey selection is incredible.Let's be real, the grilled cheeses are the stars of this place. They are SO GOOD. I had the Betsy, which is chevre, thyme, some sort of preserves and honey and it is out of this world. I've had it twice now because I can't bear to go here and not order it. All the sandwiches are served on really high quality bread and toasted just perfectly. I also highly recommend the Salona, it's spicy and delicious. There hasn't been one I've tried and not liked! At $7-11 you can get a few and split them among friends, you won't regret it.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,3/9/2013,676,794,6,10,11>You have to have a reliable pizza source in any neighborhood. Thankfully, Evil Olive offers good Pizza AND a local watering hole. Thank you Beetus Lawd! Boyfriend and I order from Evil Olive via Seamless Web at least once per week. When the pizza comes, the delivery guy greets us with a familiar hand shake and a "hey, how are you?" Pricing is not bad. The quality is good. The pizza is great. We get an extra Large pizza, half pepperoni, half sausage and pepper.  The personal pizzas are my great too. The crust is crisper and a great size if you cant be trusted with a large pizza by yourself. The chicken parm is on the lighter side of the stanadard fried and breaded kind. A lean and grilled piece of chicken with garlic and sauce covered in mozzarella makes for a nice and filling sandwich.  And if you are feeling THIRSTY, there is a bar! Happy hour is from 6-7:30 with 2 for 1 drinks. There are pizza and beer specials and they also have a nice selection of beers.The bar area is also great for parties and groups which they are more than happy to assist with. I will never be too old for a beer and pizza party! The peach sangria is sweet and easy to drink and can be ordered by glass or by pitcher. Catching up with an old friend from Junior High, her and I put away 2 (not so huge) pitchers of sangria. The bar played good music the night i was there- a little rihanna, beyonce, etc. And the customer service is great.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/8/2013,382,500,9,13,13>Wow. First of all, let me say that this was not what I was expecting. Having been put off by the biergarten in midtown east, I had low expectations. But I heard hot toddy's were $5...that was a lie, but they were still only $8 and man, could I have had a pitcher (I pretty much did). I'm really glad bars know how to make these nowadays. They were perfect tasting, like honeyed lemon booze. Also of note the maple eggnog -- oh man, I am glad I started with toddy's because these thin-consistency milkshake-like beverages were dangerously delicious. ($8)I tried the pretzel, which was soft and delightful and totally stole a LOT of Kate P.'s beer cheese. Sorry! It was creamy and spreadable and also full of danger. Delicious, delicious danger. Much like the lady herself. I ordered the speck dumpling (yes just one.) and it comes in a heavy beef broth with carrots. At first glance, one might be disappointed, but it was rich and flavourful -- if a tad too salty. Surprisingly good, and I would recommend.Service was around, and not too bad, but she totally won me over when she agreed to break off the check in pieces as people came and went. It was kindof slow, but we were really grateful for that, so she gets 5 stars from me.On a Sunday afternoon, we had a cozy corner to ourselves to witness Ethan Hawke dropping by to pick up his Brooklyn Pizza. Who knew? So, you too can bleach your hair, wear a porkpie hat, and pick up pizza take away. You know, or not.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,3/7/2013,259,651,1,8,11>There are literally an infinite number of food combinations that can be made. From ingredients, to preparation, to plating, everything can change. It's a reason I don't eat out as much as I used to... there are a lot of places that keep doing the same old, same old. It's true that there's a reason why the classics are the classics. Lord knows that I've gotten more tacos than are actually needed, but I love that places like The Pines exist to explore new and different food combinations.Right off the bat, the Oxtail Cappellacci w/ crab brodo, buddha's hand, chickweed is one of the best things I've ever eaten. The pasta was tender and perfectly cooked, the oxtail exploded with creamy flavor, and the brodo (italian for broth I found out) was a great compliment. Totally amazing dish. I recommend it to anybody.The Pork Shoulder w/ rye berry, kohlrabi, quince was good, but the flavors didn't hit a home run. While the pork was cooked nicely, I kept hoping everything would sort of become extraordinary in my mouth, and it didn't.On a kind of similar note, I liked the Yam w/ buttermilk, sardine, brussel sprouts, but it wasn't amazing. The buttermilk was creamy and nice with the yam. And while I really like brussel sprouts, they were just sort of "there" rather than a part of the dish. They tasted good though.I had read about the Apples w/ sheep's milk, sesame, som, and was excited to try it. Most of the time when I think about eating apples, textures like "crisp" and "juicy" come to mind. But this dish would best be described as "creamy crunchy". It was a good combination with subtle flavors.Normally, I'm not a big fan of olives, but it tasted like they cured them in house, which is great. The dried peppers, radish, white balsamic also totally worked, and I think I ate more olives at that meal than I have at any other. The juice was so good that I dipped other stuff in it.And speaking of bread, what they served was fine, if a little bit too crusty for my taste. But holy moly, the caraway butter was fantastic. And putting it on rye bread was like mana from heaven.The Jicama w/ coconut, pancetta, sea beans was pretty good too. To be honest, I don't eat a lot of jicama, so I don't have a lot to compare it too, but it was a bit crunchy and refreshing.One of my friends commented that he enjoyed eating nice food in more humble establishments like this, because it takes a lot of the pretense out of the meal. I had to agree. I like fancy schmancy restaurants, but places like this will hopefully prove that the white table cloths aren't necessary.If I had one big complaint though, it was the service. They didn't seem to remember that I had made a reservation about a month prior. It luckily didn't matter, since we arrived pretty early, but it could have been an issue. I was also not informed that groups six and larger all eat from essentially the same tasting menu, because of their small kitchen. We didn't have a problem with this, but it would have been nice to know ahead of time.It also said on the menu that they enjoy making substitutions to meals, which struck me as really interesting, and the opposite from what most places are like. And being that we had one person in our group who was a pescetarian, and another who didn't eat dairy or gluten, they certainly got their wish.Lastly, let's talk about cocktails, because they had some great ones. The all-star, in my opinion, was the Baked Apple. You get a brandy snifter that's filled with smoke, and has a small, metal plate on top of it to trap the smoke. The waiter then removes the plate, letting the smoke escape, and pours in a wonderful combination of bourbon, scotch, honey crisp apple, maple bitters, and fall herbs. It was smoky, sweet and packed a punch.Their eponymous drink was also very good. Rye, douglas fir, bitters, yuzu. Like the food, not ingredients that you would normally put together, but a good drink.I also got a Verano Cesar, which has tequila, hibiscus, cucumber, lime, soda. It was light, refreshing, and didn't overpower you with tequila. My friend, who doesn't like tequila tried it and liked it so much, she got her own. That's the sign of a well thought out drink.They also had High West Double Rye on their shelf, and I asked if the bartender could make me a Manhattan with it. They did, but I was informed that they don't have cherries, but would make a substitution. I'm not sure what they put in its place (maybe gooseberry?) but it worked, and I was happy.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,3/6/2013,38,109,1,7,5>If you walked by this place, you'd never have an inkling that you are missing a true culinary highlight in Brooklyn. Beyond the fact that Brooklyn Ice House is just a great bar and spot to hang out, the only thing you need to know is "pulled pork sandwiches."These sandwiches are an absolute steal at two for $5. The pork that sits between two soft hamburger buns is not a style I've had before. Being from the South, I'm accustomed to the delicious, vinegar based pulled pork that is common in the Carolinas. This was like taking a pork shoulder/butt and cooking it in the style of Texas brisket. It was tender, smoky, and spectacularly good. Topped with a healthy helping of the house barbeque sauce, it was far more than I expected during an evening out and about in Red Hook.As for the bar itself, there's not one thing that's really notable here. I mean that in a good way. There's no overwrought theme here, it's just an honest-to-goodness bar with a nice back yard and friendly service. They offer every variety of Six Point brewed beer that I'm aware of and there are tons of games and free candy scattered about the place. I have to confess that the free candy alone is probably enough to earn you 5 stars with me but, seriously, the pulled pork...
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,3/5/2013,241,303,9,16,8>If Desiree (dez-ah-ray) is your server, you're sure to have an amazing experience...trust me.We were greeted at the door and immediately seated in what I believe to be the warmest section of the restaurant.The "salmon bites" which were removed from the menu due to an executive order found themselves on our table and I fell in love with fish again. My date had the jerk chicken salad (full of flavor and just spicy enough) and I had the escovitch fish (not a fan...way too much work). The rum punch needs to be stirred before you drink it or you will be put on you're a$$ lol. (Sweet, strong enough, and went well with the salad and fish).For all that food the price was pretty decent....we made out like fat cats on a skateboard.Location: 5/5Service: 5/5Price: 5/5Food (presentation and taste): 5/5Ambiance: 5/5Cash and Credit both happily accepted....and remember, ask for Desiree. :)
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,3/4/2013,557,1415,5,3,4>With apologies to Lionel Bart, I'd like to rework some of the lyrics to "Food, Glorious Food*" from "Oliver!" to describe my feelings about KBH.Is it worth the waiting for? If we live 'til eighty four All we ever get is swill! Ev'ry day we say our prayer -- Will they change the bill of fare? Still we get the same old swill! There's not a lager, not an ale can we find, Can we beg, can we borrow, or cadge, But there's nothing to stop us from getting a thrill When we all close our eyes and imag...ineBeer, glorious beer!Pils, Dunkel and Weiss!While we're in the mood -- A kolsch sure would be nice!Ales, hefes and dopplebocks!What next is the question?Rich gentlemen have it, boys --In-di-gestion!Beer club came here for a visit and everyone was truly blown away by the beer options. The selection of German beers here is unparalleled in New York....probably in all of the US. And the folks who work here know and love their beer.  I learned so much about these beers in five minutes of talking with the owner.  He and the manager also allowed the group to sample some beers that only they carry here in the States.  I tried three different beers based on recommendations from the owner and the waitress and each one was excellent. For so long I've been focused on American craft beers or small batch Belgians, I sort of ignored German beers thinking they were too stodgy or unadventurous.  My eyes have been opened and I can't wait to go back and try some more.Everyone in the group thought that the space was very cool and the entire staff super friendly.  We can definitely see returning here to sample more wonderful beers.In addition to the space and the beer being great, the food was tasty as well.  Pretzels were good (but not Buschenschank good), wursts and fries were also very tasty.  The place was lively but not too loud, though it was only about half full.  Also, I saw one small child early but later in the evening there were not any hanging around (since other people mention seeing a lot of kids, I was on the lookout).Service was friendly but the one waitress seemed a little overwhelmed at times and we sat without beers for awhile on a couple of occasions (until we eventually just went to the bar to get our own).  I read prior reviews and I know they've worked out some kinks but our group of 12 probably would have had spent more money if we didn't have to wait so long for beers and food.  Since they mostly have grill food, they could probably just do a cash grill like at Radegast or Boehmian Hall and let the server focus on beer.  Also, having to put everything on one check was a pain for me (though I know easier for the server) but we have taken bigger groups to other places that are able to run individual tabs for people.  There may be constraints with their ordering system that prevent that, but based on feedback I've gotten from servers at other places we've gone, people spend more and tip bigger on their own checks.The only other thing that keeps this from getting five stars is the menus they have.  The lighting in the place is dim enough, but then they print in a small, funky script on a beige background so that there is little contrast.  Thank heavens for those flashlight apps or I would not have been able to read anything on the beer menu... the food menu is even worse.  But those are small quibbles.  I say this place is awesome and I truly cannot wait to come back and try more beers and learn more about some of the special brews they serve.  You should definitely check out this place.  I live much closer to Greenwood Park but wouldn't think twice about coming here instead of going there.-------------------------------------------* Here's the scene from the film youtu.be/hEQDllvuy1I
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/3/2013,173,588,5,7,5>Tom's was basically shuttered all during the 2012 summer. However, after Superstorm Sandy hit, Tom's became a center for recovery and hot meals. Several times during the cleanup, Tom's opened its doors to volunteers and the neighborhood.  On top of their sense of community, they've got a kickass burger. It's the kind of burger you eat at noon, and then around 8pm you're wondering why you're not hungry at all. The same can be said for their pancakes. It's the kind of food you want for breakfast & lunch, and then hold out for breakfast again. Having watched Coney Island evolve over the years, Tom's is a great addition to the boardwalk.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,3/2/2013,598,616,8,13,11>IN YO FACE CENTRAL PARK!!!!!! Brooklyn is the best borough and Prospect Park is one of the reasons why. In case you were wondering (and I KNOW you were), Prospect Park was designed by Frederick Law Olmstead, the same architect who designed Central Park - and apparently he liked Prospect Park better. You can very much tell from the design, with the giant meadow, the rolling hills and treelined border, that this park is from the mid-19th c. when people were trying to deal with the "urban crisis" overcrowding, sanitation issues, etc. It really is an escape from the concrete jungle. The Park houses the Brooklyn Botanic Garden in addition to a 10mile bikeway, numerous spots for picnics and grilling, a pond, and islands. It's a great place to meet up with friends on a lazy weekend day, to just sit quietly by yourself, or to play a game of soccer or frisbee. I go here just to clear my mind and feel calmer in the craziness that is my life. I feel, dare I say, blessed to be able to live a ten-fifteen minute bike ride from Prospect Park. I adore coming here, hanging out, bringing my books from the nearby library, watching the kids and the beautiful diversity of Brooklynites at their leisure. Thanks, Frederick Law!!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,3/1/2013,56,121,12,14,6>So. Much. Love. for these people. Okay, so I have a rescue dog, and she is a jerk. She's pretty much petrified of everything and anyone and will eat your face if she thinks it'll make you leave her alone. She hates strangers. She does not like to be touched. She REALLY hates the vet's office. But she LOVES Dr. Perry. Most vets are good with either people or animals. Dr. Perry is one of the few who is amazing with both. From the moment dogface came in the door for the first time, they took their time charming her with snacks until she was as close to putty in their hands as my dog is EVER going to be with anyone other than me and my partner. Y'all, I can't even make you understand how amazing this is. Every other vet she's seen has just been like, well, slap a muzzle on her and go to work, which just traumatizes her further, and to see such patience and love put towards my little mutt practically made me tear up. Everyone here has been nothing but thorough, patient, kind, and genuine - they're nice but don't talk to you like you're stupid, either. Basically, I wish most of the human doctors I know were this awesome. My dog was actually excited about going back for her next appointment! It turned out that dogface had a pretty horrific case of bladder stones that somehow no other vet had ever noticed, but Dr. Perry caught onto it immediately. She ended up needing surgery, but the staff did an amazing job making sure we knew exactly what to expect. Not to mention that the end result cost about 25% less than the national average for this surgery + tests + medications + everything else. But that's just a bonus. I feel like this summarizes why I love these guys: when I dropped jerkface off for her surgery, the receptionist gave me the usual spiel about how they'd call us when she was out and tell us when to pick her up, and then said, "In the meantime, you can call me and check on her every 10 minutes if you want. If I'm not at the desk, leave a message and I'll call you back and tell you how she's doing." I just feel like these folks understand animals AND people on a pretty unusual level. side note: hey lady in the waiting room who thinks smacking your dog in the face is the best way to get it to sit still and be quiet? we're ALL judging you, kthxbye.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/28/2013,62,159,2,3,3>This place is definitely a go-to for delicious food & a more than adequate rotating selection of draft beers. Awesome sausages. Happy hour special of $1 Yuengling Lager or Anchor Steam pints or Old Rasputin 1/2 pints is crazy.Get the sausage plate. For a couple bucks more than the sausage on a roll, you lose the roll but get a green salad with walnuts & bleu cheese, baked beans, & a couple slices of baquette.Their music is pretty good, to boot.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/21/2013,69,443,5,6,4>I have been here very many times, in every situation (small groups, large groups, dates) and it certainly seems to be a crowd pleaser. Who doesn't like to pop into a tiki bar once in a while?Outdoor space, mixed drinks for about $6 with fun tiki adornments like mermaids and mini-umbrellas, board games and a variety of seating spaces. I always seem to wind up at the surf board table in the back. The cheesy decor is totally fitting, like the beaded curtain you must walk through for the restrooms.The sink is coed which is always odd to me, but not really an issue.Fun for a scorpion bowl if you are into sharing large drinks on fire. Fun for a smores type of shot if you want a shot that is on fire. Basically, if you like your drinks on fire, this place is for you.The beer selection isn't bad either and decently priced. It's a neighborhood staple and gives Smith Street a more laid back fun feel. I am happy it's been around as long as it has because it seems like its only a matter of time before I find myself back here.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,7/20/2013,173,588,1,8,3>Is this the best date restaurant in Brooklyn? I think it might be. It might be too awesome for a first date, though. It's small, but the crowd ebbs and flows throughout the night. It's on a side street, and you'd definitely miss it if you weren't looking for it.The burgers are awesome, the wings are awesome, and everything is priced fairly.  There's a real fireplace; none of this lit fake wood stuff with a little flamerdoodle popping up in the middle...and you can sit a foot away from it without being burned alive. Great drink list, solid list of beers, and interesting layout for such a tiny place. Lots of tables, and even an elevated space for a group of 4-5. Coming To America was on TV without sound when I walked in. That movie is so awesome, it doesn't even need sound and people will still want to watch. Bijan's kind of like that.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,7/19/2013,100,105,6,4,4>Another amazing spot for tacos/cemitas and other mexican fair located within a bodega.I was told this spot has the best Cemitas and Tortas in town, according to someone I saw eating an equally impressive looking sandwich at Quarter Bar.The Cemita was certainly some next level deliciousness - the bread was more significant than I have had at other spots. Very crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. It held the sandwich together really well.I ordered a chorizo/pastor mix, for $7 - nice that they didn't charge extra for the mixture, usually places will do that. Also, the guy taking the orders spoke english very well - he must be the translator for when hipster and gringo folk like myself come in and dont know how to order (you order from the bodega cashier, not the food counter).While the sandwich rocked, I wish they had a toppings bar like El Tenampa.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,7/18/2013,100,286,4,6,7>This is a great spot tucked behind reBar. Stadium style seating fitted with recycled van seats may give you a flashback to your frisky high school drive-in days, but please control yourself and pay attention to the thoughtfully curated film instead of the inside of your dates mouth. You can order food and booze throughout the screening, including $6 bottles of Brooklyn Lager or Stella. Tickets hover around $10 and ours included a Q&A with the filmmaker afterwards.Check it out, get drunk, learn something!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,7/17/2013,113,183,9,4,4>The Red Velvet Cruller.  Yes, you, in the pictures. You're so deliciously good you're kinda evil.  I'm glad you're in Greenpoint, because I don't make it there too often and so I don't have to see you in the window, teasing me, making me come in and devour you in your deep-fried chocolate-tinged yumminess.Your creators are not evil however, they are descended from baker heaven to bless us terrans with, at least on my list, the Top 3 doughnuts in the city.  Your servers are top notch as well, and deserve big tips for their great service, and your owners maintain the mise en scene of the classic looking and feeling bakery feel like the ones from my youth - not glossy and pretty but practical and comfortable.  I dig your cousins as well my Red Velvet friend/fiend.  The Vanilla Creme Custard doughnut is a personal fave when I've built up the nerve to resist your wily looks, and you're all worth the walk from the subway as I pass by your would-be competitors.  But even with all my talk and hesitations I know we'll meet again soon. And as much as I dread you giving me love handles, I invite you to share yourself with me upon or next rendezvous.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,7/16/2013,486,517,15,20,17>Let me start off my review by stating if you're a Simpsons nerd, love trivia and are free the first Thursday of every month, you should make your way here. That being said, Berry Park is fantastic bar, without all that too. The inside is great for a large group of people. Tons of tables, great décor and an awesome selection of drinks. Tons of beers on draft and they make some good cocktails too. During the colder months they'll have some hot mulled cider. While the inside is cool, everyone wants to come here for the rooftop. Harder to find a seat on a busy night but you won't find yourself with people on top of you which is typical of a roof top in Manhattan. Berry Park overall is a fantastic spot when you're with a big group. As mentioned the Simpsons trivia is epic. Though even if you think you know The Simpsons, trust me you know nothing. Round one and two, you might be able to hold your own but by round three, you're in for a rude awakening. So if you ever find yourself wandering Williamsburg with a large group of people and not sure where to go (Maybe after a concert at the Williamsburg Waterfront?) Berry Park is always an awesome option.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,7/15/2013,136,226,3,5,4>Really delicious!The first time I came here, I got an overly oily quinoa dish that almost turned me off completely to this place. After a few times back, I am glad to say I have changed my mind, because it's great!The people are really friendly and cool and the service is generally really good. My favorite thing there, Tempeh Wings, has been on the specials board for a while and I hope it enters as a permanent menu item. The Buffalo Tempeh "Wings" ($8) are probably one of my favorite appetizer type dishes of all time. Lightly breaded and fried tempeh with a coating of delicious buffalo sauce, served with a cool and creamy dressing, carrots, and celery. Such a refreshing departure from thawed may wah wings. These are hearty and wholesome in a way those drumsticks could never be. More please!Can't wait to explore more of their menu :)EDIT: Buffalo Tempeh is now a regular menu item! Thanks Champs!!!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,7/14/2013,142,556,1,10,2>I like bars. Preferably bars with outdoor areas that have reasonable prices and I can walk home from. Interesting that Nostrand Avenue Pub offers it all. Plus I have a special affinity for places that open in neighborhoods without alienating residents who have been in the neighborhood for years or newly arrived transplants. When you walk into Nostrand Avenue Pub, you'll quickly realize that they got this part right. Pretty laid back place, so don't expect to dance, but do expect to come with a group or share a long table in the backyard. While they have a full bar, this place is especially nice for a beer lover. There's even a cider on tap for the cider lover in you and happy hours can get you a nice cold one for $4. Good addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,7/13/2013,40,338,4,7,5>Five reasons why Crif Dogs is the best Bedford Avenue Drunk Food:1. It is on top of an entrance to the Bedford Avenue L station2. Tater tots, which is drunk logic seem like a healthy alternative to french fries3. PBR on draft, in case the night isn't over4. Corn dogs which can be dipped into a pile of ketchup5. It stays open until 4 am, like most barsI ate here once sober. It was still solid.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/12/2013,322,389,3,6,6>This is by far my most favorite pizza place. And it's completely worth the wait. The best part now is that you can call your name in for the list. We timed it perfectly with our commute and arrival. The pizza is a little pricey, but so delicious and with whatever toppings you want on it.The inside is dimly lit and insanely intimate, but can accommodate a group of 5 or 6, if need be; it just might be a little tight. The pizza chef cooks in an open kitchen, using an empty wine bottle to roll out the dough. If you're going to get only one pie and you haven't been there before, get a plain pie or a margarita.You also have to try the calzone (with sauce on the size); it's ridiculously delicious...beyond delicious. It's a MUST HAVE.Note: It's BYOB so don't forget your wine at home!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,4/13/2014,46,176,5,14,11>Good thrifting with a little bit of style. Due to the fabulousness theme, the window displays are usually a little more colorful than you'd ever hope to see at a Goodwill or Salvation Army. The staff is younger and friendlier than at those places too, and they're usually playing something with a beat on Spotify.The men's clothes are well edited--you won't find things that are stained, stretched out, or even too very ugly. That's not to say that everything here is a complete find, but all of it is at least worth your consideration. At a thrift store, that saves you a lot of time.My favorite part is the little loft with the bookshelves. It's a wide-ranging book selection. Most of the books are fiction, but there are also biographies, business books, and travel guides. Once I found a pile of Love & Rockets comics in very good condition. All books are in good condition, and very cheap. It's fun to stumble across something you've never gotten around to reading and giving it a spin. To me, this place has become a bit like a library where you don't have to bring the books back. If you're nearby, it's always worth a quick visit.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,4/12/2014,88,221,6,16,8>I just got turned on to this place.  Awesome.  Don't expect a fancy spa, just a very utilitarian and effective sauna and pool space, one big room, like a tiled cafeteria setting with plastic chairs set around hot and cold baths with a few saunas on the periphery and really very decent food in the restaurant (and some dishes can be served by the pools).  For me a place like this is great.   In the Middle of winter in New York, a few hours relaxing in a steamy place doing hydrotherapy really goes a long way to offsetting the miserable feeling of overheated buildings and windy polluted streets -  it tricks my body into thinking I've been on holiday to the tropics.Amazing that they are open until 11:30pm every day.   Love it.    Tip: the portions are huge so don't over order - we kind of did-  you can request half portions of some dishes like the soups and they are very accommodating.   The soups are great -  I loved the "chicken ball" soup (basically matzoh ball soup) and the borscht was good too.  The goat cheese salad has fried goat cheese on it and is big enough to feed three people as a starter....
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/11/2014,674,592,5,10,7>This place has been a family tradition in my house for years.  It wouldn't be a holiday if we didn't come to pick up chocolate molded sweets from Humble.The store is just that - humble.  The store is packed, so make sure you don't bring alot of bags inside with you, or you risk knocking things over for sure.  Everything smells so chocolate-y yummy; you end up buying more than one things.Lollipops, hallow molds, solid chocolate, white chocolate - oh my!Prices are very reasonable, and the service is friendly.  Hope this place continues to thrive in the neighborhood.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/10/2014,147,201,6,14,8>Out of all the steak joints in town, I just had to pick this one. And I'm glad I did. Hubby was skeptical since he's never heard of it and St. Anselm does not advertise as a steak place. But I insisted and of course he gave in. Girl powa!We made sure to arrive right at opening, since the reviews say the place fills up quickly and they do not take reservations. We got a table right away. 30 minutes later, place is packed. There's also seating at the bar but those also go fast. Nothing pretentious about this place. Lots of wood: wooden floors, wooden tables, wooden doors. You can see the chefs making your meal behind the bar. We were given menus but everything was written on the blackboards above the bar. We started with the avocado/shrimp salad: grilled avocado (I never thought one could grill an avocado) with the pit scooped out and in it's place, a generous serving of shrimp in a citrusy, creamy dressing.  It's good to share but it was so good we had to have another. We also got the bacon. Duh! It was good bacon. I had the butcher's steak (how could I not after all those great reviews?) and he got the strip. Both made perfectly to our specification and both so damn good. Juicy, nice char and loads of flavor. We managed to off both steaks. For sides we hade the fried mash. Never had fried mash but I'm glad I had a chance to try it here. Nice and crunchy on top and mashy in the center. Everything went perfectly with our cold German beers (the name escapes me). This was a very enjoyable meal and the icing on the cake was our very reasonable bill. We approve!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,4/9/2014,486,517,12,13,12>Do you need a massive amount of booze at great prices????Then I think it's time we talk and take a look at your life.If you don't care to, that's cool. And I'd like to recommend Liquor Warehouse. The selection here is phenomenal and the place is huge. They have everything organized in the type of liquor you want. Vodka, Gin, Whiskey, Rum, Tequila, the disgusting stuff you drank back in college, they got it all. On the outside walls they have an extensive selection of wine and champagne. Not the best, but very extensive. If you don't see what you want, don't worry. It's behind the front. This is where they keep the expensive bottles, small bottles, and those really specific bottles your girlfriend wants. (Yes dear, I'll pick up the mango pineapple vodka. I'm joking, no such thing exists..... Pffft, girlfriend)Need a small cheap bottle of liquor? Don't worry, explain what poison you're looking for and they'll gladly supply you with what you want on the cheap. Trying to impress some people? (You don't need to, you're wonderful just the way you are) Though you can get that expensive stuff but don't fret, it won't break your bank.Your friend wants a specific flavored type of vodka from a particular company? (I hate them) They'll tell you to go all the way in the back, past the skeletons and shiny dark box which says DO NOT TOUCH, and sure enough you'll find what you're looking for. The people who work here are friendly enough.Don't go for the ice here.If you're desperate enough they'll sell it in little shopping bags which aren't made for carrying tons of ice. You're messing with a slippery slope if you take that route. This is your one stop for all your needs, before you join a twelve step group.Hi, my name is Mitch E.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/8/2014,307,1212,9,23,17>This place is SO. FREAKIN. COOL.If you've never played shuffleboard before, it's a super simple game with a handful of rules. Anybody can do it, so don't be intimidated! But if you are, the owner/friendliest guy in the world Jonathan (or the floor staff) will be happy to teach you everything you need to know.But seriously, this space is amazing. Ten shuffleboard courts (made of legit concrete). Two full bars. Tons of seating (imagine lawn chairs, except AWESOME). Some cabanas with tables (took me way too long to realize that this place was tropical themed because I'm an idiot). And last but not least, a FOOD TRUCK BAY. You heard me. They have a garage where a food truck can park and also a walkup window INSIDE the club. So you never have to leave to get food and the food selection can change every night. Perfect timing, especially with this crappy winter we're having. The truck that was there when I went was Country Boys (tacos, etc.), which I was impressed with. Good way to try new things and get exposure if you're in the food truck business (hint hint).Not sure what's going to happen with the second bar, but there's also a stage there. I imagine there might be some DJ sets or maybe even live music (a la Brooklyn Bowl). But how that'd mesh with the Shuffleboard lighting is anyone's guess.They also have a very respectable beer selection (that they'll serve to you in mason jars!). And flamingo wallpaper in the bathroom. Seriously.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,4/7/2014,90,122,5,8,7>BYOB and cash only.  Continue...Have a lazy lunch here on the weekend or come by for dinner - date or friends - the food at Black Iris is top notch and the staff are some of the nicest people on Dekalb.  One of the less glitzy storefronts on the Dekalb restaurant row, the delicious middle eastern food is all reasonably priced and full of treats.  Some favorites not to be missed are:-ZATAAR BREAD (pita topped with olive oil, sesame, thyme)-GREEN PITZAA (leeks, scallions, fenugreek, with olive oil and light mozzarella)-LENTIL SOUP-CHICKEN OUZI (wrapped phyllo, stuffed with grilled chicken breast, basmati rice, carrots, peas, almonds and raisins)Also, most dishes are great for sharing.  Experiment around and order a few things to try them out.  Don't forget - BYOB and cash only.  Pair your affordable dinner with an affordable bottle of wine or beer from the nearby grocery (nearby as in across the street).
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/6/2014,57,187,7,10,5>Traif was my January entry into my family's ongoing "Who can find the most delicious food" contest. I can confidently say that I am winning. (Of course, I am the only person playing with Brooklyn restaurants, which gives me an unfair advantage, but I digress.)Part one, drinks. I got the Winter Cabin cocktail, which had rye and orange and some other flavors. Actually, I got two of them, because it was delicious. There were at least two other cocktails on the menu that I wanted to try, and I didn't even look at the beer or wine list.Part two, food. The food is incredible. We got eight dishes for the four of us. Some of them were very elegant, such as a venison tartare. Others were classed-up comfort food, like the cinnamon-strawberry ribs and the pork sliders. I liked the comforting options best: the ribs, especially, were hard to share, even with my cherished family members. But I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu, and the staff can help you figure out how much and what to order.By the time the third or fourth dish was brought out, we had all realized that we were in the presence of Great Food. By the end, we were crazed fanatics who could not stop talking about how amazing all the food was. And just to be safe, I made my parents swear not to tip off the Times.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/5/2014,3,32,13,17,11>I eat meat.  In fact I prefer animal protein with my meal if I'm going to incur the expense that typically goes along with eating out in New York.  I was thus surprised to find that I really like the food at Pickle Shack. Granted I had no idea that it was a vegetarian restaurant when I first visited.  And I'm glad that I didn't know, because in all honesty it probably would have prevented me from trying their version of the Bahn Mi.  This sandwich is truly spectacular and, I cannot believe I'm saying this, crushes all other comers in the category despite bringing tofu to what is almost exclusively a meat fight. This played out sandwhich is anything but at Pickle Shack. I'm not going to try and describe it in detail, but you should take my word for it and give it a test drive.On the merits of the Bahn Mi and the stellar selection of Dogfish Head brews I have returned to Pickle Shack several times and found the other dishes to exist on the same plain.  I thought about docking them a star for the sometimes varied level of service, but they are still pretty new and I'm starting to see the few weak links fall by the wayside in favor those more dependable and attentive.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,4/4/2014,35,146,6,11,9>Came here for brunch on a beeeaauuutiful Saturday afternoon, which I'm inclined to mention due to what seems like a never ending winter. My group of 6 were seated indoors, all the way in the back, and right by the glass screen windows with a view of the outdoor dining area. A great table. 4 of my friends immediately decided to get the famed Red Velvet Waffles and Fried Chicken. Fortunately for me, I like but don't love chicken and waffles (if I've blasphemed, have mercy) and with a majority of my friends ordering them, I didn't feel guilty about wanting to try something else. Also, with 4 plates of possible leftovers to choose from, I felt like I was safe. (P.S. I did have a bite, and yes, they were waffle-tastic).I ultimately went with the Sausage and Grits and regret, I did not. Chicken andouille, fresh tomatoes, and scrambled eggs atop cheddar grits bathed in a lobster broth. Just wonderful! Not having grown up eating grits, I guess I don't have a taste for what good grits should really taste like nor do I have a great love of them but these grits here were savory enough for me to really enjoy. That plus the andouille? mMmm. And oh yeah, $14 unlimited mimosas. Chug away but pinky out.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/1/2013,36,119,20,10,10>The work ethic will give you a first-hand understanding of why our beloved communism got its butt kicked. Yet the place marches on, semi-effictively. Decent selection of packaged goods and other basic groceries. Great prices, and the produce really is good. Members only, and you have to work 2h45m ever 4 weeks as part of the deal.But I don't even mind my shift. I get to interact with a cross-section of subtly hip young adults, neurotic parents, random oddballs, happy lesbians, angry lesbians, old hippie men. I identify with them all.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/31/2013,70,150,4,3,4>Four & Twenty Blackbirds is one of my favourite local businesses for many reasons; The convenient location, their mission for exclusively seasonal ingredients, the welcoming decor and of course- the slamming pie. Being seasonal means that your favourites may not be available but my suggestion would be to try and grab the farmer's cheese, the black bottom oatmeal, buttermilk chess and without question the salted caramel apple.I unfortunately have experienced the slight 'tude of the counter staff which is always slightly off-putting to me since I try so desperately to 'come correct' in a food establishment. Working for an independent small business myself, I always try to treat my own customers with the utmost kindness and appreciation and not 'cause I'm obligated to because a corporate handbook told me I should rather because I actually want to. Y'all should take note. Ideally, I would like to feel like I am not inconveniencing you with my business. All you have to do is smile, ladies. That's all I need.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,5/30/2013,177,289,5,7,7>'Twas a dark and CHILLY night when two hungry, intrepid eaters walked through South Slope. Their goal: Giuseppina's, the oft-lauded and legendary haven of pizza-goers far and wide. Peter D. sang its praises. Malcom K.'s review of the day promised the best pizza in the borough. Our hopes were high as we speed-walked through the 15 degree weather. We promised ourselves that come hell or high water (in the form of a long wait), we would persevere. Onward!And there was no wait! The restaurant was empty. at 7:30 pm on a Saturday night. Could it be? Were the citizens of Brooklyn scared off by the cold? Well, no matter. We were there, and we were HUNGRY.The place is lovely. Romantically lit but not stuffy, with candles lining the walls, and authentic Brooklyn accents gracing the mouths of your servers. Seriously, the servers are awesome. One saw my friend and I taking pictures and offered to take one of the both of us. There's an open kitchen (all the rage, I know), and the pizza oven fire glows invitingly from the back of the  room.And the pizza? SO worth the quest. Incredibly. crackly, chewy, flavorful crust, blackened just so. Sweet-tart tomato sauce with pats of cheese distributed nicely, and garlic and basil to top it all off. All of that comes on your basic pizza pie. If you want to add sundries like pepperoni or black olives, the price gets a little steeper, but hey, you only live once.And Giuseppina's is the kind of place worth living at, or at least nearby. If you want to enjoy the pizza in the comfort of your own home, you can do that! Order for pickup. If you want to drink some cold Italian beer with your pizza, or maybe a glass of wine, you can do that too! If you want to linger over the bill while you chat with your friend, you can also do that.When we left at 8:30, the place was jammed. Families, couples young and old...all were there to partake of Giuseppina's delicious offerings (pizza, and calzones). Do yourself a favor, and join them.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,5/28/2013,27,88,4,4,4>Levee is everything anyone could ask for in a dive bar, including the Very Important Cheese Balls. It's strange that the beer specials are all beers that I've never heard of (Lone Star???) but they're pretty good and they have things you know, too, like Budweiser and PBR. Oh, and there's Frito pie. Do you know what that is? Go get some, either way.Their patio has worse hours than my bank.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,5/27/2013,170,205,7,11,10>This is one of the great Italian delis left in Bensonhurst.  The meat selection is of far better quality than what you get in the supermarket, the prices are on par or even cheaper as they have plenty of weekly specials. They have a full assortment of jarred Italian goodies like olives and sauces but the real star is the deli section in the back. It is nearly impossible to not load up and spend more than you wanted when confronted with all the delicacies. Potato croquettes (89 cents each), rice balls,macaroni pie,seafood salad,crab cakes,broccoli rabe. The list goes on. They also have a refrigerated section of pre cooked meals,all packaged up and ready to go like Lasagna,spaghetti and clams,meatballs,ziti,chicken parm,soups. These are great to just take home along with a loaf of excellent Italian bread,pop in the microwave and you have a cheap,fast and delicious dinner.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,5/26/2013,96,97,20,14,13>There are just some things that I won't do as a Black woman working in corporate America.  I'm not, for instance, ever going to eat watermelon in the office.  Not even in fruit salad. Nope, it's just not going to happen.  So it is with great hesitation (look left, look right) that I type this next sentence...Fried chicken for breakfast is an extraordinarily good idea and Mike's is a great place to get it.My standard order is fried chicken, French toast (I prefer over waffles) and two scrambled eggs with cheese.  Extra butter/syrup, hot sauce, and whipped cream please. Pure deliciousness.**Tips**There is a pretty popular church in the neighborhood (sorry, the name escapes me at the moment) and the congregation rolls in deep after service (pros: well-dressed eye candy; cons: excessive wait) Personally, I'm not one for lines so I only attempt Sunday mornings at Mike's when friends have a hankering that can't be suppressed.  Otherwise Mike's is the perfect mid-week brunch spot if you happen to have the day off.Also, for those on a budget, the price here is right but FYI cash only.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,5/25/2013,86,153,6,6,6>Fresh, unique, clean and great service.It may be a bit pricier and they don't offer all-you-can-eat but it's still packed, and that's because the quality of the food is great. They decorate the plates (unnecessary but nice) of food, and the options are plenty. They have pastes (like shrimp or fish?) that turn into solids when you put in the water.The staff is really attentive and competent, unlike other hot pot places I've been to where they get your orders wrong and don't care. Portions are decent for the price, so for $20-25 you'll be stuffed, which is just a bit cheaper than AYCE.Free melona bar with check-in on Yelp or Facebook ;) A nice treat at the end.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/24/2013,64,204,6,8,4>The Woods is my favorite place on earth. The DJ spins everything from The Jackson 5 to Dr Dre to Snoop Dog to even fucking Carly Rae Jepsen. Drink specials are legit. You will dance your ass off and have a blast. I want to be here every night of my life. No frills, nothing horrible, basically you have to deal with gross bathrooms, but like whatever. If you get hungry, there's a taco truck in the back. I live for the Woods on a Saturday night.p.s. everyone who goes here is generally pretty good looking.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,5/23/2013,650,165,5,10,8>My favorite place in Brooklyn.  PERIOD.I first discovered the Promenade in 1996 when I first started working in the area.  Now it is a fixture in my Summer activities.  My Mother lives blocks away (I'm so jealous) so I often sit on the bench reading until late and then just walk over to her house.  Its become very inundated with tourists in recent years with the re-gentrification of Brooklyn, but it's still a Brooklyn gem.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,5/22/2013,281,281,5,9,11>There is little that can remind you of what a charmed life you lead than waking at noon, heading to two 8 two, and having a breakfast  burger ($9) and a beer. This is a wonderfully seasoned burger with fried egg, bacon and cheddar. It's decadent, juicy and you feel good about yourself for eating breakfast !!Or maybe your shopping in the area and want a late lunch. Grab a seat at the bar, talk to one of the friendly bartenders ( Melissa is super ) and order a Billyburger ($7.50). A "simple" burger with cheddar and grilled onions -- it's so good you'll be mad at all the bad burgers you eaten elsewhere.I've been here numerous times since yelp event years ago and the quality has been consistently high. If there's a complaint it's the hamburgers are so good I haven't branched out and tried lamb, turkey or veggie burger yet.They use locally ground beef ( from Los Paisanos-- review coming), have a nice outdoor area and staff is always accommodating. Lead a charmed life and satisfy your burger cravings here.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,9/3/2012,271,252,4,7,5>I won't lie, I was a little nervous when it came to planning my Birthday party at The Ides. Rumors of long lines, not being able to get in scared this little Asian immensely.I arrived around 825pm (my party started at 8pm) so I was nervous I couldn't even get in to my own birthday party.Yep, Anna and Rustun were SUPER accommodating and made sure I had a GREAT time. They let all my guests in and I couldn't be more happy with the turnout.The drinks were well-made, well-strong, well-served. Chelsea our waitress was incredible and remembered 5-6 drinks at a time (um, I can barely remember my full name).Last and definitely not least, um...the VIEW? Incredible view of the city and it's no wonder there are lines of B&T people (who are in V-necks and shorts) waiting to get a glimpse of the city that never sleeps (ugh, barf at myself for saying that).Wythe Hotel & The Ides, you have captured my heart and I will return to get a taste of more (tequila).
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,9/2/2012,475,661,5,7,6>I think Lotus is one of the better banh mi joints in Park Slope. I've only had the classic banh mi; however, I thought it was pretty solid. The bread was soft, but not too crusty to where it crumbles all over your lap. The pork was seasoned well.I also want to give them props for their bubble tea- great ice to tea ratio, lots of tapioca, and they filled my cup to the brim! Coming here won't change your life, but it's a great spot to get your banh mi fix.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,9/1/2012,34,109,3,13,5>Okay, I've been resisting going into to this place for a long time.  I finally caved and am so glad that i did.  Lauren and Luis are awesome and clearly love games, plus they are super knowledgeable.  There is a well curated selection of smart and interesting board games for sale (Catan, Dominion, Powergrid, Abalone, Agricola, etc plus D&D and Magic stuff), so its a good place to go if you are looking for a new game.  They'll ask a few questions and suggest something that's right up your alley.  I'll just totally admit to being a geek and say that i bought the game of thrones board game, to which i recently became addicted while marooned in Provincetown during a rainy weekend.   Stay your criticism people, Its awesome.  There is a space to actually play games, including the Thursday open board game night.  To accommodate working game lovers, they are open till 11pm, they have coffee and a few cookies there, as well as a huge selection of takeout/delivery menus from nearby restaurants in case you get hungry during your marathon game session.  Yay!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,8/31/2012,37,202,8,6,3>I am APPALLED.How has it taken me nearly a year to come here? (Betcha thought I was going to say I was appalled by this place, didn't you? No, you say? Because you saw that I had already given Bearded Lady 5 stars? Well, that just makes you smart, doesn't it? Shut up and buy me a drink).My husband and I are serious drinkers. No, we don't have a problem. We just love mixing good cocktails. And by "we" I mean he mixes and I just drink them. So, when we finally realized Bearded Lady was in our neighborhood after walking past it about 50,000 times never seeing it (alcohol impairs visual ability?), we went. That night.Don't tell our regular hangout Soda Bar, but we like Bearded Lady better. At least at Bearded Lady if you're waiting for drinks, the reason is they're crafting up something special so your patience is rewarded. At Soda Bar, it's probably because the server forgot about you (I love you Soda Bar, I really do).Drinks we tried:Parkside: Basically tastes like a Manhattan with the proper rye but the bitters taste way more obviousKinky Krown: Probably my favorite of the drinks we tried. I was hesitant because I've had drinks elsewhere that were going for this kind of taste (basically a citrusy gin drink), but none were executed as well as this. This drink was nicely mixed and smooth, not too sweet which is the problem with other drinks I've had like this.Joyride: A taste I couldn't have predicted in the slightest. The melange of ingredients in this (egg whites AND balsamic? black grape? basil?) had me curious so we tried it. It was very tame and very refreshing and very enjoyable. The basil stood out the most, the egg whites gave it a nice frothiness, and the balsamic balanced out the sweetness of the other ingredients. Genius!Good Manners: Refreshing. The bourbon, mint, and cucumber makes me want to don a ridiculous hat and watch the Kentucky Derby.They also have a good beer menu, but that will have to wait until we have tried all of the cocktails.Cash only, but they do have an ATM inside.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,8/30/2012,69,103,2,8,7>After much delay, I finally made my way to Peach's. My cousin came from DC a few months ago and I wanted to take her here for brunch, but it was so full that we were forced to go to Williamsburg and eat at Pies & Thighs. Seriously, Peach's Hothouse has some of the best fried chicken I've had in my life, and that's saying a lot considering the women in my family are some chicken frying queens from Louisiana. I love the feel of this place and our waitress, Lisa was simply amazing. I've never been to a restaurant where a waitress actually sits down beside you and tells you about the menu. She told me she was originally from Germany, but she sure does have the southern hospitality aspect down. We ordered the southern charcuterie platter which consisted of fried bologna, pulled pork cooked in bacon fat, and andouille sausage. Fattening yes, but delectable in every way imaginable. We also got a fried tomato salad with arugula and bacon and bbq mayo dressing. My original instinct was just to order plain fried green tomatoes, but Lisa convinced me otherwise; the salad was good but I should'v'e stuck to my original plan as fried green tomatoes stand out by themselves. Now as for the fried chicken, they have 3 options: regular, hot, and extra hot. Now I love hot & spicy food, but I was not ready for the extreme amount of heat that the extra hot chicken had. Lisa warned me, but when most people tell me something is hot, I'm usually dismissive cause it's not really hot. This didn't apply to the situation. While it wasn't so hot that it ruined the flavor, you definitely have to be careful how you it cause you don't want it burning your lips or going down the wrong way. Even for me, I think I'll get the hot chicken. Comes with one side (I got mac & cheese which isn't as good as my homemade version, but very good nonetheless) and cornbread. I've been wanting to come here for a long time, but the wait definitely paid off and this will definitely be one of my staples. Every time a family member or friend comes from out of town to visit, I will have to bring them here.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,8/29/2012,584,571,9,16,12>I hate beer, but I love One Stop Beer Shop!  If you love beer, this is your spot--there is a mile-long list of craft beers to choose from, available in drafts, bottles, and growlers. One Stop even carries some hard-to-find speciality beers, such as Ithaca Apricot Wheat Beer, which is not on the menu, but which one of the attentive bartenders will happily procure for you. But, if, like me, you aren't a beer consumer, there is still plenty to enjoy--four kinds of cider, three lambics, wine, picklebacks made with McClure's pickle brine, "Borshbacks" (with beet juice chaser), and even Komboucha. The cocktails also should not be overlooked, especially "Michelle's 'Top Secret' Bloody Mary," a spicy and strong concoction garnished with cornucopia of veggies, created by the highly skilled, creative, attentive, and energetic bartender, Michelle. The bloody mary includes a beer back in its already reasonable price (see attached pic). On Sundays, the bloody mary's and Micheladas are two for one all day. I challenge you to find a better deal.No matter which night of the week or time of day you find yourself here, you can expect to consume and imbibe expertly crafted cocktails and gourmet meals served on rustic wooden boards (until 2am) while enjoying game playing or viewing, trying your hand at trivia, or belting out one of your favorite songs from a huge selection at one of the best karaoke nights in town. One Stop is slightly off the beaten path in Williamsburg, but well worth the trek (use the infamous White Castle as signpost if you must, and follow the sound of revelry).
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/28/2012,168,363,6,5,5>Can one have an orgasm from eating a slice of pizza?Okay, that might be a tad bit melodramatic, but it certainly was a damn fine pizza. We ordered the Plain Jane (thin crust, square with just the right amount of sauce to cheese ratio) with mushrooms and kalamata olives and it was delicious. The sauce was what made it for me made with sweet, bursting-with-flavor San Marzano tomatoes. Also had a side salad with radicchio and greens which was the perfect accompaniment and prevented me from consuming more than two slices of pizza. Oh yea, I'll be ordering from them again.Oink.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/27/2012,162,141,4,19,2>Delicious, cheap, filling.  Trust me.  You will love it.  If they had some better decor, they'd have lines all the way to Kellogg's.For an appetizer, we got the empanadas. Chicken was great, and the beef even better. Gone in 2 bites (4 normal person bites).  Golden, flaky, juicy and pleasantly spicy.With some Yelper advice, I ordered the Mixto Ceviche.  YELP DID NOT STEER ME WRONG.  It was lemony, juicy seafoody goodness stocked with shrimp, crab, clams, oysters, sweet potato, crunchy red onion, and of course, the perfect broth.  Oh, and a crisp Cristal pilsner was the great complement to the seafood.She had the Lomo Saltado, and I think I stole almost half of it off her plate when she wasn't looking.  Tender beef, perfectly steamed tomato wedges, plantain fries, onions, on a bed of rice.  This was the better dish to match with full-bodied, malty Cuzquena.Then the check came, and I had no problem being all manly and covering the bill.  Will definitely be back to try more.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,8/26/2012,79,539,5,16,5>I'm going to keep this as straightforward as I can:1. The selection for women is decent to amazing, depending on the season.2. The men's section might as well not exist.3. The fitting rooms are large and the staff are friendly. 4. Shop here if you have time to kill, because it's a big and well organized store.How about that? So concise!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/25/2012,42,390,12,4,6>Best dance party in the Burg, and one of my favorites in the entire city.If you like Latin music but your only dance move is stepping back and forth in a pseudo-Salsa motion or even just flailing around like a white person, don't worry. It won't matter at all because Bembe is more cramped than you could ever imagine. No one will be able to see your butt wiggling (but they might touch it. Can you blame them? You're a babe). Hot, and sweaty and so, so fun.
